# File: Dark Alliance - Vancouver.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Regional Soureebonk
for Werewolf:The Apocalypse"™
and Vampire: The Masquerade™ |

A 4 Jigga —


By Nigel Findley and Geoff MAMartin

A Sourcebook for Werewolf: Che Apocalypse and Vampire: Che Wlasquerade


/
\

\

| v\

Sa Re Cites \\ »
BSR Tad

Dark Alliance: Vancouver


Blood of the City,

Spirit of the Forest

Attend me, Cub, and listen. I will tell you about the city

What? Yes, | know of your background, cub. I know you
lived in the city before the Kin announced tous the imminence
of your arrival, before we took you from the humanstoleam the
Truth. Yes, | know you spent what was it? thirteen winters in
the canyons of concrete before you joined the Garou, before
you became one with our People. You may think you know the
city, but your knowledge is incomplete. You lack knowledge
of all who live outside the embrace of Gaia herself. You may
know more about the superficial world than I do. Youcan give
the names of streets and buildings. You no doubt know the
numbers assigned to you, the cold and spiritless numbers
assigned to humans by other humans to define and control
them. But to say knowing these things lets you truly know the
significance of the city is as foolish as claiming that seeing a
picture of a tree ina book lets you truly know the significance
of Gaia. When I am through with you, cub, you will know the
true significance of the city the humans call Vancouver.

The heart of Vancouver is the Great Caern, as your breth-
ren have told you already. You are too inexperienced in the
een allowed to see the true
significance of this fact for yourself. For reasons that are no

ways of the Garou to have

doubt clear to you, all Garou describe their caernas the "heart"
of the region they protect. Spiritually, a caer is always the
heart and center of its bawn. Geographically, however, the
truth is often different.

Vancouver is different. The spiritual heart of the city, the

Great Caem, is also physically in the heart of the city. The city

has grown up around the caern, hemming it in.

What was that? How did that happen? You will learn that
in time.

I hear tell that there is another such caern in the very heart
ofa great city, in distant New York, but I must depend entirely
on the words of others, I have never traveled so far. Truth be
told, I hope I never have to travel again.

This is not the only thing that sets the Great Caern of
Vancouver apart, cub. For obvious reasons, the brethren who
followed the Kin Fetch to bring you to be among your people
were all of our tribe. Nothing else could be acceptable. Since
that point, you will have noticed that different tribes, so often
at each other's throats elsewhere in the world, work together
here with a level of cooperation that I believe is unique.

Why, you ask? That is the key truth about the Great Caern,
as you will come to understand. The Great Caern is a Caern of
Cooperation. It was created centuries ago by one of the
greatest Theurges this part of the world has ever seen. We
created the caern to be shared by all Garou. Its powers and
bound spirits are open to all. A caem is often used by a single
sept, often composed of a single clan. Any other visitors must
pay that clan the Chiminage it demands. Our caer is open to
anyone, regardless of sept or tribal affiliation. Vancouver is
"open territory", cub. To the best of my knowledge, that makes
the city unique.

Legends of the Garou 3


an)

nn Ml)

Mlk I)

i ip

HH

HHH
Hn

That is not the only factor that sets Vancouver apart. You
have heard of the Leeches, the Cadavers: those undead
creatures the humans know as vampires. They call themselves
the Kindred.

What? Myths? I see you have a long way to travel down the
path that is wisdom, cub. Vampires exist, and there are many
of them in Vancouver. Trust what I say for the moment. Soon
you will know it from your own personal experience.

Elsewhere in the world, our People and the Kindred are foes.
The vampiresare of the Wyrm, innately opposed to that which
gives us reason for being: Gaia herself. Yet here in Vancouver,
that... tradition, you may call it... has been set upon its ear. As
there is peace between the Thirteen Tribes of the People, there
is also a tentative peace, little more than a truce, between the
People and the Kindred.

How?Howcan the People come to terms with those who are
enemies of Gaia? The story is long, and others will instruct you
of its details. For the present moment, this must suffice.
Although we believe the Kindred are of the Wyrm, here in
Vancouver we have leamed that their path and their goals are
notalways with the Wyrm. Does that make sense to you? They
are spawned by the Wyrm, but the Leeches have, it seems, free
will. They pursue their own goals and purposes. Thes
quently parallel those ofthe Wyrm. Thus we war against them,
Yet as the history of Vancouver proves, this is not always
irredeemably the case. There are wise minds among both the

fre-

People and the Kindred. Those wise minds have discerned
that, in this case, a path can be charted that serves the needs
of both the Kindred and the People that does not serve the
needs of the Wyrm. Remember this above all, cub: the Wyrm
is the enemy. Anything else is merely diversion. Any ally, any
tool, that can be used in combating the Wyrm must be so used.
Though it galls some of the People almost beyond endurance,
the Kindred of Vancouver fit this category. They are both an
ally and a tool in our battle against the Wyrm.

Eternal peace? Let yourself not be deceived by what you

think I say, but instead pay attention to what | do say. There is

peace between the tribes. For the moment, there is peace
between People and Leeches. Yet there isnot, and can never be,
peace between usand the Wyrm. Though our alliances among
and with the Kindred have helped keep the Wyrm at
2 last years, the war still continues. Not so long ago it
raged, and I fear it will one day rage again.

ourselv

bay the:

Yes, [speak from personal experience. I see youeye my battle

scars. Do not tum away your eyes; you will not shame me.

Among the People, battle scars are not shame, but instead the
greatest tribute of all. Honorable scars, honorably received,
speak of a Garou's mettle, his soul, and his dedication to the
Ways of the People.

Ireceived these scars in the great conflict that drove one of
the greatest servitors of the Wyrm from this region. You might
have heard of the Pentex Corporation. It was a great battle.
We attacked by night under the leadership of Roger Daly. Yes,
Daly the Glass Walker. An honorable man, despite his tribe.
He isa cunning tactician and a fell warrior. You would do best
to keep your scorn for his heritage to yourself should you meet

Dark Alliance: Vancouver


him eye to eye. Human guards fired upon us. Machines of
death tried to cut us down with fire, blades and bullets. Yet we
won. In the heart of the poison that was the Pentex establish-
ment, we met its final and most lethal guardians, the men who
ran this perversion.

Yes, cub: they were men. They were also not men.

They had once been men, but now there were something
else. We call them fomori, mortal souls ridden and perverted
and twisted out of their true from by the Banes. We fought
them. The People, the warriors of the Thirteen Tribes, fought
side by side. We fought the spawn of the Wyrm.

We were triumphant. The cost was high, but we paid it. I
paid it gladly. I took terrible wounds that to this day throb and
burn with remnants of the evil that flowed through the fomori
I tore to pieces with my own hands. My days are agony and my
nights are beyond description. I paid the price gladly, and I
would pay it again gladly were the need to arise. Each bolt of
pain, each moment of agony isa reminder of our victory, of the
great things that can be achieved when the People set aside
their petty jealousies and machinations and turn together to
face the true Foe.

It was by this price that Pentex and a large portion of the
taint that was the Wyrm was driven from Vancouver. We must

Legends of the Garou

strive to keep the Great Caern and its bawn free of the taint
that is always trying to return.

The peace between the tribes and the truce with the
Cadavers give us the best chance of achieving this.

Yet now | must tell you the fact that makes my heart grieve.
This peace may soon come to an end. Forces have arisen and
combined to threaten what we have wrought.

No, it is not the Wyrm, not as such. I do not believe so, at
least.

It is our own self-serving desires. Kindred lead us into this
dark future. If we stray from the true path before us, Garou will
fight Garou, Garou will fight Kindred... and the Wyrm will
wait until the battle is done, when there is none to combat it
any longer. Then Vancouver and its Great Caer will fall
under the darkness.

Cub, we must steadfastly remain on the true path if we wish
to survive if we want Gaia to survive.

What is this true path, you ask?

That is the question that each Garou must answer in her
own heart. Only your own conscience and spirit can give you
guidance.

May we all make the right choice...


Credits

Authors: Nigel Findley and Geoff McMartin
Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Brian Campbell

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Jeff Rebner, Dan Smith, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Maps: Brian J. Blume

Cover Art: Tony Harris

Typesetting and Layout: Sam Chupp

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisherisexpressly denied,
except for the purpose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Undera Blood Red Moon, Rage Across New York, Book of the
Wyrm, Vampire: The Masquerade, Chicago By Night, The
Anarch Cookbook, Garou, Kindred, the Wyrm, all Vampire
Clan namesand all Werewolf Tribe names are trademarks and
copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products
in these pages is nota challenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned.

Maps: Some graphic elements © 1993 by Brian J. Blume.

Special Thanks

As hard as this may be to believe, we're running out of
"Special Thanks" listings for folks. So, we've decided to divide
the chores of mocking each other between books. Check out
our new Vampire or Ars Magica books if you want to see the
dirt on any White Wolfer not listed below. (No, this is not a
plug. [fyouwantto buy those books just for the Special Thanks,
maybe you should consider secking help.)

Andrew "Back Seat" Greenberg for Storytelling the nasty
on the way back from GenCon.

Ken "12-Sandwich-Eating" Cliffe for the geyser of obsceni-
ties which turned Aaron and Josh blue.

Brian "Puppet Master" Campbell for bringing the Rocky and
Bullwinkle puppets to GenCon 93.

Rob "Watch My Barstool" Hatch for the horrors of middle
age.

Stewart "The Long Goodbye" Wieck for waving... and
waving... and waving after the Chaosium party.

Mark "Metropolis" Rein® Hagen for being a turncoat and
selling Kult

John "Body B:
enough to drive the hearse at DragonCon '93.

ag" Bridges for being the only one sober

(Dedications
Geoff McMartin
For Kelly and Daemion for your patience. And thanks to
Ken, Carman, Doug, Darren, and y«
Nigel Findley
To Holly again, for keeping me (marginally) sane...

, even you, Andy...

Another Barre Sinister Production

6 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

A/V LIANCE

Contents
Legends of the Garou: Blood of the City, Spirit of the Forest 2

A word of warning for those new to the area.

Chapter One: Setting 8

The city of Vancouver and its environs.

Chapter Two: History 36

The Garou and Kindred history of the region.

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 50

The Garou of Vancouver.

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise 82

The Kindred of Vancouver.

Chapter Five: Wheels Within Wheels 100

Stories and plots in the secluded city.

Appendix: Clan Bushi 18

A new vampire clan from Japan.

Chapter One: The Setting 7


VEINGEENLER © }:

Ss
$
s
>
RY
2
BS}
5
=
x
Ss
q


Introduction
Note from the Authors

Welcome to the West Coast, and welcome to Canada. This
sourcebook is designed for use with both Werewolf: The
Apocalypse and Vampire: The Masquerade. You need not
own both games to use this sourcebook:

t's written to be just

s useful if you only play Werewolf or Vampire. We do suggest
that you try integrating both systems; the ancient conflict
between the Garou and the Cainites can lead to intense and
rewarding stories.

Vancouver is a unique setting. It's a city isolated in a vast
wilderness. It's an island of wilderness isolated in an ocean of
civilization. Both are different worlds, but they overlap, com-
peting to survive. Both worlds are isolated, surrounded and
vulnerable. Both the city and the wilderness are on the
defensive. If your players feel this vulnerability and isolation,
they understand what makes Vancouver unique in the Gothic-
Punk world

Remember that now is the time of the Apocalypse. The
Wyrm is everywhere, striving to spread its corruption across
Gaia. The Garou are losing the last battle and face extinction.
The Kindred, meanwhile, struggle throughout the world to
maintain their Masquerade and their dominance over the
anarchs. The struggle is hindered by the hunters and other foes
of the great undead. One would think the situation is complex

enough. Yet on top of this, Kindred and Garou are ancestral
enemies, and all too often, they must fight each other.

Yow, what if, for a relatively short time, an enclave of
Kindred tried to make a strained peace with the Garou,
allowing them the breathing space they need to fight off the
anarchs? What if the Garou struck an un
Cainites to beat off the Wyrm from one of their last areas of

y truce with the

refuge? What if this has been working for two decades before
something went wrong... terribly wrong?

Welcome to Vancouver.

Themes and Mood

Themes are important to every story, and this one is no
different. If you're using the War and Peace story provided in
this source book, then the theme is encapsulated by the name:
war or peace. The characters musteither follow the tides of war
and hope they survive or pursue the more difficult path and
promote peace. If they choose to be the voices of reason, they
will be caught in a situation where two different races are
plunging headlong toward mutual destruction.
os by

This is a time when a few characters can become hero
uncovering the sinister plots against, and within, their society.
Alternatively, they may seek the glory of battle, which is
usually only attained in the final death. The choice should be
theirs.

British Columbia is a province in isolation. In the Pacific
Northwest, werewolves live in great virgin rain forests. The

Chapter One: The Setting 9


characters may feel at home here. They may feel relaxed, but
when they do, it's time to show them the ugly truth of reality.
Logging companies, wielding economic clout and raping the
forests, clash with protesters armed with metal spikes and
hammers. Emotions run at a peak. Tension builds until it
threatens to burst. For the Garou, the mood is one of panic and
desperation. British Columbia is among the last bastions of
defense in North America. The threat of human expansion is
everywhere.

Within the province, a city waits in isolation, offering rest
for the greatest of the immortals. This haven is surrounded by
the ancient enemies of the undead. Although there is a truce,
it could fall at any minute. This fear can be emphasized by any
meeting with the battle-hardened Gangrel. Armed with silver
weapons and wearing headsets for communication, they main-
tain aconstant patrol around the city. The Gangrel wait foran
attack that may or may not come. This feeling is contrasted
with the parties of the rich and famous who come to the coastal
city for its beauty and splendor. Let the characters feel these
two extremes: emotions of isolation and fear are balanced
against feelings of security and the joy of relaxing.

The Setting

Although they speak the same language and share the
world's longest undefended border, Canada and the United
States are very different countries. Their backgrounds are
different; their views of the world around them and methods
of interacting with that world are often staggeringly divergent.
Thus, in some very profound ways, no Canadian city can be
truly like an American city. Comparing the situation in
Vancouver to the situation in any American city can be
difficult because of these differences. Making judgments about
Vancouver is also difficult because Vancouver isn't a typical
Canadian city.

Che Crue North Strong
and Free Canada

Not life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, but peace, order,
and good government are what the national government of Canada
guarantees.

W.L. Morton

Canada is the second largest country in the world, with an
area of 9,970,610 square kilometers (Canada uses the metric
system, of course; that converts to about 3,849,885 square
miles). The country is divided into ten provinces and two
territories. The total population consists of about 27.5 million
people. Canada's culture is heavily influenced by her powerful
neighbor and trading partner, the United States of America,
but she's still a very different place.

The people and culture of Canada differ widely from prov-
ince to province. Some, like British Columbia on the West
Coast between Washington and Alaska, are geographically
isolated from the others. In contrast, the province of Ontario

considers itself the cultural center of the country and views
everywhere else as "the regions", barely worthy of attention.
Socially, the country ranges from the sometimes violent sepa-
ratists in Quebec to the wheat farmers of Alberta, Saskatchewan,
and Manitoba and the fishermen of British Columbia and
Nova Scotia.

Canada is ruled from the city of Ottawa by a Prime Minister
whose political party is elected by the population at large.
Canada does not have the bipartisan system familiar to Ameri-
cans. There are three major parties and half a dozen or more
minor ones ranging from the isolationist Reform Party to the
downright ludicrous Rhino Party. A "minority" government is
afrequent occurrence. Sometimes the ruling party has to form
acoalition with other parties if it wants to govern effectively.
Thissituation sometimes means that a "fringe" party, with only
a handful of seats in Parliament, will turn out to be the power
broker. Allin all, the system is modeled largely on the one used
in Britain.

Canada became a country in 1867 as the result of a confed-
eration between the provinces. Although Canada has recently
enacted her own Charter of Rights and Freedoms (roughly
analogous to the American Constitution), she still has an oath
of allegiance to the Queen and still respects the power of the
British monarchy. This is illustrated by the fact that, even
though the public votes for the political party they want to see
in office, an official representative of the British monarch
(called the Governor General) must "invite" the leader of the
winning party to the office of Prime Minister. Although this
invitation is usually a rubber-stamp kind of process, the Gov-

ermnor General could refuse to accept the leader selected by the
people and appoint someone of his own choosing. Techni-
cally, the Governor General can even dissolve the government
(the repercussions would be so grim that this would only
happen under the most extreme of circumstances). Like Aus-
tralia and New Zealand, Canada is part of the British
Commonwealth.

Strictly speaking, Canada is a socialist country. Her univer-
sal health-care system issponsored by the government. Citizens
pay a premium depending on their earnings. The country also
has extensive government welfare and unemployment insur-
ance programs. Both are currently in dire financial trouble.
The money for these government funded programs has to
come from somewhere, of course, which means that Canada's
income tax rate is higher than that in the States. In addition
to provincially established sales taxes the federal government
also enacts a "Goods and Services Tax", similar to Britain's
VAT, known as the GST (also known as the "Gouge and
Screw Tax" or "Grab and Snatch Tax"). Even with these
relatively high taxes, Canada's per capita deficit is greater than
America's.

Canada has two official languages, English and French. All
government business is conducted in both official languages,
and all product packaging must be printed in English and
French. Everything from cereal boxes to automobile owner's
manuals falls into this category. Outside Quebec, however, it's
uncommon to hear French spoken in thestreet. In Vancouver,

10 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

there are more speakers of Hindi and Cantonese than there are
Francophone

Currency

The standard unit of currency is the Canadian dollar. The

hange rate typically hovers around 1.2. That means $1.00
US. isworth about $1.20 Canadian. Bills come in denomina-
tionsof $2, $5, $10, $20, $50, $100 and onup. There'snodollar
bill; instead, there's a gold-colored coin about the size of an
American half-dollar. The coin is minted with the Queen's
head on one side and a loon (a waterfowl indigenous to

eX

Canada) on the other. This gives the coin its common name,
the "loonie". Prices for most goods and services are approxi-
mately equal to what characters would pay in the U.S.

Police Enforcement and the Law

Maintiens le droit (Uphold the Right).
Official motto of the RCMP
They always get their man
Unofficial motto of the RCMP
Law in Canada is quite different from law in the United
States. A major difference, particularly relevant toaroleplaying
game that involves combat, is that Canadians do not have the
inalienable right to bear arms.
Restrictions on ownership of firearms are much more strin-
gent than south of the border in the States (which means that

Chapter On

players in Werewolf and Vampire would be well-advised to

find ways other than blazing away with heavy-caliber weap-

onry to solve problems). To own a rifle, an individual must
have an FAC, a license granted by the RCMP (discussed
further below). Restrictions on handguns are even more strin-
gent: anyone caught carrying one without extensive
documentation and avery good reason is lookingata huge fine,
confiscation of the weapon and possible jail time. Few Cana-

dian families own firearms, and those that do are limited to

hunting rifles and shotguns

Characters trying to cross the border into Canada with their
automatic weapons or favorite handgunsare asking for trouble.
ss the gun
owner jumps through some pretty elaborate legal hoops first.

Bringing firearms into the country is illegal unl

Canadian border officials are aware of the upswing in violence
in their cities and don't want any imported weapons making it
worse. This means that if they have reason to suspect someone
ofsmugglingevena.22 caliber gopherrifle, they mightstrip her
car down to the frame. (Like American customs officials,
Canadian border guards have the right to disassemblea vehicle
without even so much as a search warrant. They have no
obligation whatsoever to reassemble it afterward...)

In Canada, there are two types of police: the city police and
the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (the RCMP, or
"Mounties"). All major cities and many large towns have their
own police departments. Department budgets are dealt with
locally, and the force's jurisdiction is limited, for the most part,
by municipal boundaries.

The Setting Il


The RCMP, in contrast, is a federal police force. To most
Americans, the word "Mountie" brings up images of Dudley
Do-Right and scarlet clad mounted officers on postcards.
Except for ceremonial duties and occasions, the Mounties
have traded their horses for cars so heavily modified that they
can outrun just about any production car on the road. For day
to day use, they have also replaced their red uniforms for
somber blue-black, supplemented by body armor if the situa-
tion warrants. As for traditional "mounted" weapons, the
lance has been replaced by the automatic pistol. If necessary,
rifles, automatic weapons and even grenades are used. They're
a highly trained force, ready to deal with any situation from
simple theft right the way up toa major terrorist incident. The
RCMP of today still get their man, but they do it with cutting
edge technology.

Although the RCMP provides law enforcement for places
without their own municipal police forces, the cities are within
their jurisdiction as well, and they patrol urban areas in
cooperation with the local police. RCMP officers get involved
with anything from the simplest B&E or domestic violence
case to high profile drug busts, money laundering operations
and hostage situations. In effect, the RCMP fills the roles of the
USS. state police and the FBI. They possess more real power
and face fewer governmental restrictions on their actions.

Crime in Canada is representative of the country's more
restrictive laws. In Vancouver proper, there were fewer than 35
murders in 1992, a large portion of which were solved. There
are very few drive-by shootings, little open gang warfare in the
streets and fewer high profile crimes compared to large
American cities. Most assaults occur with knives and clubs
instead of handguns. Break-and-enters and extortion are more
common than muggings. Drug dealers peddle their waresin the
same neighborhoods and rarely war on each other. Crime does
exist in Canada, but it's more quiet, more "underground" and
less violent.

The types of crime are starting to change, however. With
the influx of Asian immigrants, the Asian street gangs and the
more dangerous Triads have entered Canada, bringing their
ways with them. Groups from across the border have started to
expand their operations into Canada, and the amounts of drugs
and weapons confiscated increase every year. The Gothic-
Punk era is creeping into the sleepy cities of the North.

Jllegal Weapons

For those characters who just don't feel dressed without
some kind of firearm, it is possible to buy "Saturday Night
Specials" and avoid legal entanglements. A character with any
underworld contacts should have little difficulty scaring up a
pistol or two. Anything heavier is proportionally harder to
obtain. Since autofire weaponsare categorically illegal, they're
the hardest to acquire ofall. Storytellers should remember that
police response to the use or even the display of an autofire
weapon in Canada will be extreme.

The Provinces and
Cerritories

Each province is governed by a Premier whose political
party may make laws and control taxation. The political
parties of each province also control Medicare, public trans-
portation and a variety of other services. The provinces and
territories of Canada include the Yukon Territory, Northwest
Territories, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Is-
land, New Brunswick, Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba,
Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia.

British Columbia

British Columbia (B.C.) joined the Confederation and
became part of Canada in 1871 after the federal government
promised to build a transcontinental railway connecting it
with the more populous east. It's the westernmost province of
Canada, separated from the rest of the country by several major
mountain ranges, including the Rockies and the Cascades.
B.C. has an area of about 947,000 square kilometers (365,660
square miles, almost two-and-a-half times the size of Califor-
nia) with about two-thirds of that area covered by forest. The
province's population is about 3.3 million. The majority of
these people make their living from forestry, mining, tourism,
agriculture or fishing. B.C. is blessed with many large rivers
pouring down from the mountains. The province generates
96% of its power by hydroelectric means. (In fact, B.C. sells
some of its excess hydro power to the U.S.) There are no
nuclearreactorsin B.C., allowing the Garou tofeel alittle more
comfortable. There area few powerplants that bum fossil fuels.

Dancouver

Greater Vancouver covers an area of 2,786 square kilome-
ters (1,075 square miles) and has a population of over 1.6
million people. Although it's the largest city in the province,
Vancouver is not the capital of B.C., although it is the business
center of Canada's west coast. Production companies based in
Hollywood are constantly shooting movies around the city
(Stakeout and Immediate Family are two examples). In film,
Vancouver has been a "stand-in" for Seattle, L-A., Chicago
and even New York. New skyscrapers are always under
construction. U.S. Navy vessels frequently visit Vancouver
harbor, North America's second largest natural harbor. This
is not without some risk: ships known to be nuclear-powered
are usually mobbed by Greenpeace anti-nuke activists (and
probably some Children of Gaia) in motor-driven inflatable
rafts.

In Vancouver, the old mixes with the new. There were
never any projects created in the Canadian cities because of
their relatively small size. No slum areas or ghettos have
developed. Instead, run-down houses decay beside new build-
ings. Rotting porches and discolored stucco stand next to bay
windows and vinyl siding. New skyscrapers made of glistening
steel and glass cast their shadows over dilapidated buildings

12 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Vancouver
and Vicinity

=F

aes

ang

Second Norrows Bridge

os ipemeete

Burrard Inlet

A, U of British Columbia
ay TRIUMF
‘Ay Nat Bailey Stadium

fh, Bloedel Conservatory |

A\ Granville Island } ‘ |
fp, Chinatown
a
‘As Gastown a(t

See Detail Maps of Downtown Vancouver and Stanley Park

Chapter One: The Setting


VanTerm
Chinatown
General Hospital
Planetarium

Nat Boilay Stodium

housing pawn brokers and coffee bars. The city sidewalks of
downtown are shared by panhandlers, street merchants and
business executives dressed in thousand dollar suits.

The suburbs are not far from downtown. The constant
influx of new citizens is quickly expanding into these once
quiet areas, and the temperate rain forest lying just outside
their back doors is being forced back into the interior of the
province. Even the sides of the mountains are no longer safe
from the encroaching city. Houses spring up everywhere to
form neighborhoods. People can go to work in the middle of
asea of concrete, steel and glass and then go home, listen to the
sound of crickets and smell the scent of pine trees.

Just beyond the suburbs are the mountains and the rain
forest. Within a couple of hours' drive are seven mountains
ideal for skiing. Even during the summer, the area is visited by
hikers and campers. The rain forests around the human
settlements are no longer undisturbed. Campers by the thou-
sands flock to the interior of the province, driving to areasafew
hours away from Vancouver. They spend their weekends
under the stars, and the sky is unobscured by the pollution of
civilization.

Climate

Vancouver's climate differs from the rest of Canada in
several ways. In the summer, the city does not suffer the
scorching heat of the prairies or the humid air of the east.

Instead, the city basks in warm days while many beaches are
covered with sun-worshipers and the waters are filled with

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

sailboats. In the winter, while most of the country is under a
blanket of snow, Vancouver suffers through weeks of rain.

The ocean is a moderating influence on temperature.
Summer highs average between 24° and 27° Celsius (about 75°
to 80° Fahrenheit), with occasional days peaking as high as 30°
C (86° F). In the winter, temperatures hover around the
freezing mark (0° C, 32° F), but even ina major cold snap, they
rarely drop below -8° C (18° F). Vancouver gets maybe one
major snowfall a year, which dumps a couple of inches on the
city and lasts for two or three days. Rain is the predominate
weather condition in the winter, as it is in Seattle 250 or so
miles to the south. Vancouver "enjoys" an average annual
rainfall of about 150 centimeters (60 inches).

Gothic-Punk Vancouver

In the Gothic-Punk version of Vancouver, the weather is
worse. The sky is always overcast and the tang of pollution
catches in one's throat. The gargoyles of American gothic
architecture are replaced with corporate symbols, and huge
video boards carry the latest advertisements. It always seems to
be raining. When the rain stops, the sky is filled with smoke
from the factories by the river. Atnight, business suits give way
to leather jackets and faces are whitened with makeup. There
are shadows everywhere, and anything can be bought by
someone who knows where to look and what price to pay.


Dictoria
Many islands lie across the water from Vancouver. The
largest of these is Vancouver Island, home to the capitol of the

province, Victoria. Originally a trading outpost and military
fortress, the city of Victoria is now commonly referred to as the

retirementand honeymoon capitol of Canada (jokes describe
the population as "newly wed or nearly dead"). Victoria is an
old city with many hidden secrets. The old book stores conceal
tomes from another time; the antique shops hold wonders for
those who know what is waiting for them. Because of its older
population, it's easy to think of the city as a quiet and

, but that's only on the surface. There

respectable plac are

many reasons why Kindred and Garou alike shun Victoria

The capitol city, Victoria, is much smaller than Vancouver.
Economically, it's less influential. Its population is well under
300,000, placing it far down the list of population concentra-
tions in the province. Ifit weren't for the provincial legislature,
few people outside the immediate environs would pay any
attention to Victoria:

Into the City
Cransportation

Vancouver has an affordable and relatively effective rapid
transit system. Atits heartisa bussystem that covers the center

of the city, linking the downtown core with the suburbs. Bus

service shuts down between about 3 and 5 in the morning.

SeaBus isa ferry that runs from a terminal on the north side
of downtown across Burrard Inlet to North Vancouver. The
ferry runs every ten minutes or so.

A relatively new addition is an Automated Light Rapid
Transit System known as Skytrain. This system runs on special
roadbeds that are sometimes at grade, but more often elevated
No human intervention is needed (unless, of course, the

computer running it has crashed). Skytrain runs from the

SeaBus terminal at the north of downtown right out to Surrey,

one of the major suburbs. Currently, the Skytrain stations are
becoming gathering spots for gangs. Crime at these stations is
on the upswing.

West End/Downtown

Most of Vancouver's streets are aligned almost perfectly
The streets of the West End are
offset by close to 45°. Downtown, streets actually run north-

north-south and east-west

east-southwest. The North Shore mountains are easily visible
from just about everywhere in the city, serving as a useful
landmark

Hotels

Vancouver has a variety of hotels, ranging from five-star
hostelries with rooms starting at $200 per night to establish-

Chapter One: The Setting 15


ments that could only acquire a one-star rating if they stole it.
The less respectable hotels are usually found in two or three
story buildings with seedy beer parlors on the ground floor.
They often advertise rates by the day, week or month.

Hotel Vancouver

Completed in 1939, the Hotel Vancouver at the corner of
Burrard St. and Georgia St. in the downtown core was, for its
time, the epitome of the luxury hotel. The hotel was built out
of smooth, gray stone. Its steeply pitched copper roof has been
weathered toa striking green color. The Hotel Vancouver has
played host to the rich, the famous and the merely pretentious
for decades. There's little reason for that to change in the near
future.

The Timber Club on the ground floor is a rich looking place
ofdark wood and candlelight. The Spanish Grill isa little more
casual, although nobody could forget it's part of a luxury hotel.
The Hotel Vancouver offers a wide range of convention and
special function facilities, from ornate, mirror-walled ball-
rooms to conference rooms with state-of-the-art audio and
video equipment.

Pan-Paaific Hotel

If the Hotel Vancouver is a 1930s image of the luxury hotel,
the Pan-Pacific is the same concept updated by half a century.
Completed in 1986, just in time for the World's Fair, the Pan-
Pacific is different from the Hotel Vancouver in many ways.
While the Hotel Vancouver is cozy, with rather rococo design
elements, the Pan-Pacific isclean, crisp and almost unadorned,
with lots of open space. The ten story tall lobby is striking, with
escalators, a waterfall, two restaurants and a piano bar. The
view of the North Shore mountains through the glass curtain
wall is unforgettable.

The Pan-Pacific is part of a complex that includes a huge
trade-show facility called the Canada Place Trade & Conven-
tion Center. The main display area is kept under reinforced
fabric "sails" that are one of Vancouver's major landmarks. A
large cruise ship terminal is nearby. The Prow restaurant, a
four-star establishment that charges five-star prices, is at the
northern point of the Canada Place complex. Diners have a
perfect view of the harbor, the SeaBus terminal, Stanley Park
and perhaps a cruise ship approaching or leaving its berth.

Nightdubs
Luv-A-Fair

Just over the Granville Street Bridge on Seymour Street,
Luv-a-Fair isa large black building. [ts name is in neon lights
on the front. The windowless club opens around 7 PM and
closes, like most nightclubs in Vancouver, around 2 AM. The
building houses one of Vancouver's most popular night clubs
and has become one of Vancouver's most popular feeding
grounds for Kindred.

The club is host to patrons who can best be described as
looking freshly dead. With faces paled by make-up and cloth-

ing limited to unrelieved black, the patrons often wait in line
for hours before being allowed inside. They then squeeze
themselves onto a vastly overcrowded dance floor to listen to
the latest alternative, industrial and house music. The over-
crowding inside makes feeding easier for Kindred. It can take
five minut
bar from the dance floor. Some visitors to Vancouver find
descriptions of the crowding at Luv-A Fair hard to believe, but
most of them are true. As a guideline, think of a place which
could comfortably fit a hundred people, then cram triple that
number into it. Patrons frequently dance on top of the speaker
stacks, not only motivated by self-display, but also because
these areas are often the only clear spaces. The "urban myth"

sometimes longer, just to make one's way to the

that someone once died on the dance floor of the club and
didn't hit the ground for five minutes is an exaggeration, but
not by much.

Ofcourse, Vancouver has laws thatshould prevent thiskind
of situation. For reasons beyond the ken of most club habitués,
these laws are never enforced. The Fire Marshal has never
closed the place down or even chided the managers for
blatantly flaunting maximum occupancy laws. Visiting vam-
pires, particularly those from smaller or more conservative
cities, are often absolutely astonished by conditionsat the club.
Garou are generally just disgusted.

Daring vampires wishing to feed in this establishment can
take a bite from several dancers without an extreme risk of
beingnoticed. A vampire may take one point of blood for every
30 minutes on the dance floor without fear of being noticed
(the constant bumping and grinding as well as the overall
atmosphere of the club allows for the strangest of happenings
togounnoticed.) Ifthe vampire wishes to gain blood ata faster
rate, then rolls will have to be made. The vampire may make
a test against his Manipulation + Subterfuge against a Diffi-
culty of (5 + the number of blood points taken in the 30 minute
period). Three successes are necessary to avoid detection; less
than three successes means thatsomeone saw something funny
goingon, although they aren't sure what. A failure means that
someone might have seen the drinking taking place. A botch
indicates the victim has passed out due to the exertion of
dancing and the loss of blood. (Storytellers can pick a conse-
quence from the "Botching the Hunt" table in the Vampire
Storyteller's Handbook.)

Like Graceland, Luv-A-Fair is owned by Siegfried, the
Kindred Prince of Vancouver. It's managed by one of his
ghouls. The top floor of the club houses several offices in which
the prince can usually be found. There are always some
Kindred in the club, mingling on the crowded dance floor or
relaxing at one of the tables. For those who are paranoid in
confined places with lots of people, it may be important to
know that there are no windows in the building and that the
only twoentrances to the clubare through metal doors guarded
by the largest and meanest bouncers in the city. Kindred who
are new to the city will be told about Luv-A Fair and the easy
prey to be found there. Although the prince's nightclub is a
popular place to feed, many older vampires prefer to go
elsewhere for hunting or feed on their herd.

16 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Graceland

Graceland can be found in the warehouse district of the city,
near the intersection of Homer Street and Smithe Street.
When it originally opened, the only access was through an
unmarked door off an alley; when its managers decided to go
"up-scale", it got a street-front door and even a neon sign. In
the Gothic-Punk world, however, the alley entrance is the
only one (this is merely a matter of atmosphere).

This nightclub is very much like Luv-A-Fair. The main
difference between the two clubs is that the crowd and the
music are a little different. Graceland's patrons don't look
"freshly dead", and there isn'tas much black in their wardrobes.
The music leans more towards house and away from the
grinding industrial sound. Claustrophobes should know that

Graceland is also windowless and often very crowded (al-

though not quite as packed as the other club).

Smiling Budha

Located near the corner of Hastings St. and Main St., the
Smiling Buddha is not in the best part of town. Seedy beer
parlors along this stretch of Hastings cater to chronic alcohol-
ics, and passed out figures huddled in doorways are a frequent
sight at any time of the day or night, Police cars and ambu
lances are often stopped by the curb to deal with the aftermath
of another drunken brawl or knife fight. Asian gang members
in their carly teens cruise the sidewalk, reminding the local
storekeepers just why they're paying their protection money.

The Buddha used to bea happening night spot back around
1979 during the Golden Age of Punk. Changing tastes in
music, helped along by various health department reprimands
and at least one fire, drove the place out of business in the late
1980s. The Buddha has been left to quietly decay ever since.

There are several interesting questions that could be asked

about the Buddha. For example, why is the buildingstill empty
with its windows and doors boarded up when similar buildings
everywhere else are being torn down and replaced? Why have
Why has the building'

owner, whoever he ot she may be, installed a sophisticated

no squatters taken up residence?

suite of burglar alarms when it's patently obvious there's
nothing worth stealing? What's even more interesting, per-
haps, is that nobody seems interested in asking those questions.

‘The reason for this last mystery is, quite simply, the Veil.
Those who haveseen the terrifying Crinos form of the Lupines
who frequent this spot have been subjected to the Delirium,

the terror that keeps humans from seeing the activities of

Garou. Itis their fears and stories that have kept people away.
The Smiling Buddha is the meeting place of the city's Glass
Walkers. The bawn is cared for by the Corporate Raiders Sept.
The Buddha is more than just a convenient meeting place, it's
also a Level One caern.

The Smiling Buddha Caern
Level: One

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Wisdom

Tribal Structure: Glass Walker
Totem: Cockroach

closed to all others

Roger Daly, currently the leader of the Corporate Raiders,
found himselfinexplicably drawn to the Smiling Buddha more
than fifteen yearsago. Asa highly successful businessman in his
mid-40s, the anarchic punk scene wasn't his metier. There was
something about the location that drew him in away he could
not understand. As a Theurge, he eventually came to realize
that the Gauntlet between Gaia and the L
within the Buddha. A little research brought him to realize

why: the club was situated ona piece of ground that had, many

Jmbra was thin

generations before, been a burial ground protected and revered
by the long-vanished Tatlayoko Sept of the Garou. Although
theancient power had faded dramatically over the intervening
centuries, enough powerremained toconvince Daly thatitwas
his duty to protect the site. Through various intermediaries,
holding companies and "blinds", he bought out the Smiling
Buddha and brought in several of his Glass Walker brethren to
manage the place. It was Daly who, through "creative misman-

sed the club out

agement" anda little well-controlled arson,

of business.
Since then, the Glass Walkers have used the dark, claustro-
phobic clubasasite for their monthly moots, ageneral meeting

~~
xe

A

Chapter One: The Setting 17


place, and something of a refuge in time of trouble. Daly has
taken precautions to hide the true nature of the club from
agents of the Wyrm who would love to corrupt even a minor
Garou caern.

The Kindred of the city know that the Buddha has some
significance to the Garou, but the Covenant has protected it
from their attentions. Humans generally ignore the Buddha.
Some, less influenced by the Veil than the norm, suspect that
something weird is going down there, but they can't convince
anyone else that there's any basis to their suspicions.

Richard's on Richards

Otherwise knownas "Dick'son Dicks" Richard's on Richards

is Vancouver's prime up-scale meat market. Located on Richards

Street between Helmcken and Davie, it offers live music most
nights of the week, generally top-40 and "mainstream funk". A
few years ago, the line-up outside Dick's used to be the place to
see and be seen. While it doesn't ha
any more, it's still popular (some would say disgustingly so)
There's always a well-dressed line-up on the weekends.

ve quite the same cachet

Inside, the so-called "romantic" banquettes and booths
around the walls are actually too well lit for anything really
untoward to go down. Even in the era of AIDS, Dick's is one
of the places to go to negotiate short-term interpersonal con-
tracts.

Finandal District

The financial district of Vancouver covers about 12 square
blocks, running from Seymour Street on the southeast to Bute
Street on the northwest, and roughly Alberni Street on the
southwest to Dunsmuir Street on the northeast. This isa region
of skyscrapers of a dozen different "schools" of design, giving
Vancouver its characteristic "scattered" skyline. The Royal
Bank Tower is a white obelisk at the corner of Burrard and
Georgia. The IBM Tower is a dour, almost menacing black

monolith at Granville and Georgia. Also on Georgia, on the

corner of Bute and Georgia, is the new B.C. Gas building. Its

lower floors have a facade of tone and a design reminis-

A dozen
large brass "carriage lanterns" burning with yellow gas flames

cent of "modern" office buildings from the 1930s.

add to the strong gothic feel of the building. The Stock
Exchange tower is a rather unprepossessing building that's
home to arguably the most corrupt stock market in North
America. It's located on Seymour Street half a block north-

west of Georgia. The Bentall Center isa complex of four towers
on Burrard Street just northeast of Georgia. The building is
home to many of the city's more prestigious law firms and
entrepreneurs.

Dancouver Public Library

The old Vancouver Public Library is on the comer of
Burrard and Robson Streets, half a block from the Hotel
Vancouver. Plans were put in place in 1992 to move the VPL

18 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

from its current home. In the real world, the VPL is moving
from an undistinguished, institutional-looking gla

s fronted
building to a new, specially designed complex a few blocks
away. In the Gothic-Punk world, these plans fell through due
to lack of funds, and the library remains in a dilapidated
building much too small for its needs.

Despite its physical facilities, the VPL isa good library, with
more than a dozen subsidiary branches spread all over the city.
The Sociology section has newspapers stored on microfiche.
Articles go back almost to the turn of the century, providingan
excellent resource for anyone researching events (or faces)
from the past. While all the library's books are recorded on a
computerized cataloging system, it's very unlikely that all the
"non-book" materials the library owns have been adequately
cataloged. There are probably boxes, crates, filingcabinetsand
disorderly piles of these materials in the basement of the
building.

Like most modern libraries, the VPL has electronic security
at the front doors. Alarms are triggered if anyone tries to
smuggle outa book. There is additional security forsome of the
non-circulating "reference" materials. Of course, many of the
"reference". While just
about anyone could overpower the singl

most interesting books are marked as
unarmed security
guard at the front door, trying to get away with a crucial book
would attract a lot of unwanted attention. Because of this, it's
worth noting that the only security is at the front door, where

nd leave. There are, of course,

all law-abiding patrons enter
fire exits and entrance areas for staff...

The Underground Malls

Downtown Vancouver has three underground shopping
malls. Royal Center, the smallest, is located under the Royal
Bank building at Georgia and Burrard, extending as far north-
east as the towers of Bentall Center. In addition to
dozen stores, Royal Center includes a metroplex movie the-
ater. Some theaters inside are as small as an average living

everal

room.

Vancouver Center is located under the corner of Granville
and Georgia. It links up with the largest of the underground
malls, Pacific Center, which extends from the Eaton's depart-
ment store at Robson Street and Howe Street and as far
northeast as Dunsmuir Street. Part of Pacific Center is located
under the Bay, another major department store, at Granville
and Georgia. The Pacific Center Mall also connects with the
lower lobby of the Four Seasons Hotel, a four-star hotel at the
corner of Howe and Georgia. Using the connected malls, it's
possible to roam under much of the downtown core without
once being exposed to sunlight.

All of the underground malls usually shut down at about
nine at night. Security isn't overly tight, however, so it would
be possible for a determined individual to avoid the final
security sweep and stay inside the mall during the night. Of
course, all doors to the outside world are locked up tight,
meaning that such an individual is still going to be there in the
morning when the mall opens again.

Gastown

Gastown is the name given to the six block area that marks
the original site of Vancouver. It's located along and around
Water Street in the northeast portion of the downtown core.
In the real Vancouver, Gastown is a major tourist attraction,
a beautiful place to walk through. Street merchants peddle
their wares, and tour buses cruise along the cobblestone streets.

Gothic-Punk Gastown is much different, of course. Most of
the city's funds have been spent on large glass and steel
skyscrapers, rather than on refurbishing historical areas as
tourist traps. This has given the core of downtown Vancouver
at least a hint of that "Blade Runner" feel, while the original
city hi
buildings of Gastown are now decaying. Vagrants and poten-
tial muggers frequent the dark alleyways.

The Lamplighter Pub

The Lamplighter is one of the oldest pubs in Vancouver. It's
adark, smoky place where the old remember days of past glory
and the young try to forget their problems in a glass of ale. The
Lamplighter isa quiet place as these things go. Violence israre.
The older vampires of the city recognize the importance of the
Lamplighter; the younger Kindred are more interested in
happenings at places like Luv-A-Fair. They don't know the
secrets the building holds. The pub acts as a gateway to the
realm of the Nosferatu, a gateway to the long-forgotten under-

become run down. The once proud brick and mortar

ground passageways that run under this oldest part of the city.

There are numerous underground pathways hidden under
ve been taken over and renovated by the

Gastown. These
Nosferatu and a Malkavian named Necross. The passages lead
off to hidden doors, which in turn give access to the havens of
the disfigured Kindred and the halls of the Great Library.
Anyone travelling the corridors will get lost if they fail to gain
three successes against Perception + Survival at a difficulty of
seven. The Complementary Skill of Orienteering can also
help. No one enters the undercity without the knowledge of
the Nosferatu, so nobody will remain lost for long. (This does
not mean, however, that the Storyteller can't let the players
sweat awhile before rescuing them.)

The Great Library

One of the secret halls of the undercity leads to two large
iron doors. Behind these doors is the Great Library. It's here
that ancient texts have been brought from all over the world
to be safely stored. It was Necross who first started the library.
With the aid of several very powerful Nosferatu, the library has
grown intoastaggering collection of knowledge. Any Tremere
would start to salivate at the very thought of looking through
the ancient tomes.

The Nosferatu and Necross agreed to place all of this
knowledge in one place for several reasons. First of all, the
placement of these books and scrolls in one library makes
research much easier. It also means that the Nosferatu can
better guarantee the safety of the library's contents. Vancouver

Chapter One: The Setting 19


was chosen as the perfect site because of its seclusion from most
of vampire society.

All who wish to visit the library must have permission from
the library keeper and from Necross. The library keeper is a
powerful Nosferatu elected by the clan to run the library for a
period of ten years. Atthe end of this term, the Nosferatu elect
urrently,
Alberich holds this title. As ten years is but a moment in the
life of a vampi

another of their number to the position of keeper.

the keeper may run for as many terms as she

wants. The voting is done by secret ballot. Necross oversees
the election to make sure it is conducted fairly.

Any assault by the characters, or by hopeful mages, on the
Great Library would be foolish in the extreme. It's guarded not
only by a collection of Nosferatu, but by heavily armed ghouls
and magical wards sealed with powerful blood. What the
characters might find in the library is up to the Storyteller.
They won't be allowed to spend a lot of time browsing, so they

should pick their topics of research carefully. This is a great way
of allowing characters to learn something new about
Thaumaturgy, or maybe find hints of some ancient vampiric
artifact of Caine himself in some forgotten tomb in the jungles

of another continent. Inventive Storytellers can no doubt
devise other innovative ways to use the Great Library to
initiate future stories.

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

G

Sow

ESS

OOM.'

\

Zl

Granville Mall

This is the name given to a four block stretch of Granville
Street between Smithe and Pender. The area is closed off to

all vehicular traffic except buses and emergency vehicles. This

scheme, enacted by City Council in 1974, was based on a
similarset-up in Minneapolis. Itwas supposed totum Granville

intoa pedestrian precinct, a great place for people to stroll and
absorb the ambiance of a "modern yet friendly" city.

Unfortunately, before would-be strollers had even discov-
ered the place, drug dealers, panhandlers, drunks and gang
members had staked out Granville Mall as their turf. Over the
next 15 years, various attempts were made to oust these
"undesirables" and turn the Mall into the "family" facility it
was intended to be. None of these plans really worked.

The Mall has gone downhill fast. Various gangs have staked
Many of these are Asian
youth gangs, but the occasional pack of skinheads or stereo-

out their territory along the Mall

typical bikers can also be found here. Border clashes between
these little "nation-states" usually end with someone getting
his lights punched out, but the frequency of knifings is on the
rise. Late at night, when the stores and theaters have closed

down, Granville Mall occasionally turns into something of a

war zone. The police respond quickly to major outbreaks of
violence, but so far they've been largely unable to prevent the
outbreaks in the first place.

Granville Mall is still Vancouver's "theater row", with four
major cinema complexes ina two block stretch: The largest is

the Capitol Six near Granville and Robson. Most of the
theaters have taken to hiring private security guards. The
Burger King next door to the Capitol Six also has one. The
guards are unarmed, but their very presence does seem to make
theater and restaurant patrons little more comfortable about
braving the Mall when the sun has gone down

Orpheum Theater

Constructed in 1927, the Orpheum was one of the great old
theaters, From the outside it was totally unremarkable. The
Orpheum was a bleak brick and stone building with a tall neon
sign as its only distinguishing feature, Inside, it was a classic
example of late-20s rococo design, with lots of gilt, red velvet,
crystal chandeliers and would-be Romantic style paintings of
pudgy cherubim on the ceiling, In the 20s, it was the height of
fashionable, glamorous design. To later sensibilities, the term

"glamorous" w
done" and "tarted up". The Orpheum was also home to one of
the great Wurlitzer pipe organs.

asteplaced with termslike "ostentatious", "over-

The Orpheum went through various incarnations. Origi-
nally, it was designed for musical comedy and variety shows.
When musical comedy went intoa nosedive in the 50sand 60s,
it was converted intoa movie theater, possibly one of the most
ostentatious movie theaters anywhere in the world. When the
cost of maintaining the building overwhelmed the revenue

from movie ticket sales, the theater closed. Then, in the early
1980s, the Orpheum opened again asa theater and became the
home of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.

Even with the VSO as its patron, the Orpheum was a
troubled building. Maintenance and the upgrading of facilities
to contemporary standards was exceptionally expensive.

Vancouverites seemed more willing to support an occasionally

brilliant ice hockey team than a world-class symphony orches-
tra. It has skirted the brink of bankruptcy several times, and
probably will again.

In the Gothic-Punk world, one of the last-ditch fundraising
episodes didn't work. The VSO went into receivership in the
early 1990s. Without its major patron, the Orpheum closed for
the last time only months later. Developers have bought the
building, but heritage groups have brought enough legal pres-
sure to bear to prevent anyone from demolishing the building
so far.

The Orpheum is now dark and decaying inside. The
building has been closed to the public and sealed off so
successfully that even the most determined squatter or vandal
would have the devil's own time getting in. Not many people
want to get inside. The old, dark Orpheum has the reputation
for being haunted. City inspectors occasionally examine the
building to make sure it's not going to collapse and crush the
gangsand skinson Granville Mall. Many of these investigators
have heard strange noises from inside the building. They've
seen hints of movement where there shouldn't be movement.
Nobody knows the cause of the rumors, and nobody really
wants to investigate.

Is it a group of particularly crafty squatters, or maybe gang
members? Is it a group of vampires avoiding the attention of

Vancouver's "mainstream" Kindred society? Could itbeapack
of Bone Gnawers? Or is it something else entirely?

English Bay

This is a sandy, curving bay on the southwest side of
downtown. The skys
adozen blocks away. On any sunny day, it's packed with sun-
lovers, many of them businesspeople takinga long lunch-hour.
The water of the bay is often dotted with the colorful sailsas the
windsurfers practice.

The Bathhouses

The bathhous
the 1920s. They definitely show their age. The lifeguards who
patrol the beach have an office here. There are also public
washrooms, but they are not for the queasy. The dark and slimy
interior of a bathhouse is a good place to avoid. Drug addicts

rapers of the financial core are less than

are old concrete buildings dating back to

shoot up in the toilet stalls or wait in the shadows to separate
the unwary from their money.

North False Creek
BC. Place Stadium

This is a large, white dome at the north end of the Cambie
Street Bridge, across Pacific Boulevard from the Exposite. The
stadium seats over 60,000 people and ishome to the B.C. Lions
football team in the Canadian Football League. It's also a
venue for major rock concerts, monster truck rallies and

sporting events. The dome of the stadium is made of a flexible
fabric supported by the slightly higher air pressure kept inside
the structure. Theoretically, if enough of the doors to the
outside were kept open for long enough, the stadium might
deflat
doesn't happen.

Expo Site
In 1986, Vancouver was host to the World's Fair. Expo '86
focused the attention of the world on the city and dispelled the

popular conception of Canada as a land of igloos and trappers.
Millions of visitors came from all over the globe.

Predictably, there are security guards to make sure that

The north side of False Creek was chosen as the site for the
fair. This region had been used as a railway switching yard for
years, When the city officially announced it would host Expo,
the

‘ea was rapidly rezoned and renovated.

Colorful buildings seemed to spring up overnight. Building
began along a stretch of the shoreline covering 173 acres and
ranging in width from about 50 meters to 200 meters. Pavil-
ions, restaurants, Munich-style festhauses, theaters— many
types of buildings were erected solely for the event. Most of
these structures were prefabricated, designed for ease of con-
struction and customization, but not durability. Several
amusement park rides were built near the west end of the site,
including a roller coaster called the Scream Machine and a
giant device originally named the Challenger. (The space

Chapter One: The Setting 21


shuttle disaster, in early 1986, forced a last minute name
change.)

The fair lasted from May 2 to October 13. Overall, it was a
as these things go, at least. It didn't make
money, but at least it didn't lose anywhere near as much as the
previous World's Fair in Knoxville. It showed the world what
Vancouver had to offer as a vacation destination and a place

great succes

to do business. Millions, perhaps billions of dollars were
brought into the city.

Then the fair ended. After the closing festivities and the
final fireworks and laser display, a major question remained:
what should be done with the land now? The pre-fab pavilions
were disassembled and distributed to towns throughout B.C.
The banners and flags were taken down. That still left 173
acres of land along the north shore of False Creek.

An off-shore investor saw the immense value in the prop-
erty and bought it from the provincial government on what
appeared to be unbelievably good terms. A land development
company called Concord Pacific planned a lavish series of
luxury apartment towers. They were to be built on little man-
made islands with Venetian-style canals running between
them. The project was to be finished by the early 1990s.

The construction never went ahead. Preliminary surveys of
the area found that the soil was highly contaminated with a
witch's brew of toxins. For decades, oils, pesticides and other
toxic chemicals had seeped into the ground. The soil was so
toxic that the city wouldn't authorize the building permits
Concord Pacific needed to go ahead with its construction.
Even worse, the level of toxicity was so high that no landfill in
southwestern B.C. would accept the earth, even if someone
agreed to pay the cost of excavating and shipping it.

Almost a decade after the fair, the old Expo site is still waste
ground. Fences keep trespassers out, while scrub and grasses

grow up around the concrete foundations left behind from the
Expo constructions, Many residents consider the Expo site to
be Vancouver's shame. Prime real estate, sitting in a region
that should be one of the most prestigious areas in the city, is
now sitting barren because of a concatenation of miscalcula-

tions, doubtful decisions and outright screw-ups.

Were the events that lead to the Expo lands remaining
barren really screw-ups? Or did someone or something intend
for this to happen? Some of the Garou in and around the city
aren't too sure.

Certain Glass Walkers and members of other tribes believe
the Exposite isa"Wyrmground". The toxicity in the soil makes
the region a prime location for a perverted Wyrm caern.

Have the agents of the Wyrm already established a true
caern somewhere in the Expo site? Is some twisted and dark
spirit bound to the poisoned land, or isthe Wyrm caern still just
apotentiality, rather than a reality? The Garou don't know for
sure, and the uncertainty disturbs them. The area is home to
rats, ravens and other ill-aspected creatures. Other Garou,
specifically two young Glass Walkers, claim that Banes and
Fomor are operating in the region, pursuing their own fell
purposes. The tribal leaders aren't convinced. The few Garou
who have investigated the depths of the Expo grounds have

foundnofirm evidence thata Wyrm caer exists. Taking overt
action against a Pit that might not exist strikes the conserva-
tive Glass Walker leadership as foolish.

Humans view the Expo site differently. During the day, the
sea wall footpath surrounding North False Creek is used by
strollers, cyclists and rollerblade enthusiasts. At night, people
tend to stay well away from the barren area. Most people
rationalize their discomfort over approaching the area as a
logical fear of muggers. Are they actually responding toa kind
of psychic "taint" to the area?

Vancouver's Kindred feel no such discomfort over the Expo
site. Still, they rarely frequent the area, simply because there
are so few kine in the region after the sun has gone down.

The Exposite remains barren and empty, its poisons leaking
slowly into the waters of False Creek. Is it the result of almost
criminal stupidity or the purposeful handiwork of the Wyrm?
No one can say for sure.

Plaza of Vations

This glass covered pavilion is one of the few structures
remaining from Expo. It's used for occasional entertainment
events, but most of the time it's populated only by rollerbladers
and skateboarders. Bordering on the Plaza of Nations is 86
Street (a nightclub), Yuk-Yuks (a comedy club) and the
Unicom (a large pseudo-Irish style pub). There's also a striking
glass-walled building that used to be the B.C. Pavilion at Expo.
Nowit's the B.C. Enterprise Center. Theoretically, the center

Lumberman's Arch
The Great Caern
Public Aquarium

Zoo

22 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

isa government-funded resource for small businesses and
entrepreneurs. In actuality, it's an empty shell that's occasion-

ally used for high-profile galas and the like.

Scence World

This silver ball at the east end of False Creek is the new
home to Science World, Vancouver's science museum. The

dome itself contains an IMAX theater.

Stanley Park

Stanley Park is in the heart of the city, only a few hundred
yards northwest of the downtown financial district. It consists

of about a thousand acres of woods, lakes and recreational

facilities.

When C
harbor in 1792, he had thought the peninsula now called

ptain George Vancouver first sailed into the

Stanley Park was an island. In 1863, the Royal Engineers

marked offa 1 ,000acre region asa military reserve, but 25 years
later the reserve was deeded to the city and became a park. By

this time, the park had been selectively logged. Many of the

tallest trees were used for the masts of British Naval vessels

Fortunately, hundreds of acres of woods remain.

A sea wall footpath runs around the shore of the park. It
starts at Coal Harbor on the east side of the narrow isthmus
connecting the park to the city. It loops around the peninsula
for about 5.5 miles to Second Beach on the west. A continu-
ation of the footpath stretches along the beach of English Bay
and under the Burrard Street and Granville Street bridges,
running along the north shore of False Creek by the old Expo
site. On any day, the sea wall footpath is filled with joggers,
businesspeople from the downtown core, cyclists, rollerbladers
and sightseers

Brockton Point

The eastem tip of the park is Brockton Point. A small
lighthouse warns ships away from the rocky promontory.
Brockton Oval, a large public field,
Archery Club. It'
operate in the city. A small stadium, just up a shallow slope
from the Oval its

Totem poles stand on the margin of the Oval. They were

s home to the Stanley Park

also used by the various cricket leagues that

If, is the site of rugby and soccer games.

carved decades ago by natives of the Squamish tribe and have
been placed here as a memorial to the first residents of the
ast. On the south shore of Brockton Point is the Nine
O'Clock Gun, a Vancouver landmark that fires every evening.

c

The sound is audible for miles.

Lumbermar's Arch

Just around Brockton Point on the north side of Stanley
Park isan openarea. Itlies between the Vancouver Aquarium
anda dilapidated s

It water swimming pool separated from the

ocean itself by a stone and concrete wall.

In this open area stands Lumberman's Arch, constructed in
1912 of huge cedar trunks many feet thick. The trunks were
propped together to form a triangular archway. The arch is a

memorial to the logging industry that made the area what it is

today. At least, that's what the humans think. To the Garou
of the Vancouver area, it has a much greater, more emotional

significance. Only the continued cooperation between the

different Garou tribes and the Covenant with the city's
Kindred keeps the level of clear-cut logging to a barely accept-
able level. To the Garou, Lumberman's Arch represents the

Itservesasa reminder: ifthe tribes

murder of the great old tre
want to prevent the blatant and egregious desecration of the
forests, they must continue to work together and not let their
ancient rivalries blind them to the necessity of cooperation.

The symbolism of Lumberman's Arch is particularly tren-
chant because this is the site of the Great Caern the ancient
Wendigo Pookcha discovered many centuriesago. The cleared
area around the arch itself is the venue for the great "Open
Moots". The Garou tribes of Vancouver gather every three
months. Individual tribes also hold their "personal" moots
here between the great moots.

The Great Caern

Level: 5

Gauntlet: 2

Type: Cooperation

Tribal Status: Open to all tribes and septs.

Totem: Raven (patron of the old Wendigo "lost septs")

On any night of the full moon, fires burn in what were built
tobe barbecue pits. These fires are easily visible from the Lions
Gate Bridge, the SeaBus and even the North Shore. Those

Chapter One: The Setting 23


who see the fires assume that they were lit by "kids": high-
school or university students throwing wild drinking parties
down by the Arch. In just about any other city, they would be
right, but not in Vancouver.

Even though the area would be a great spot for holding a
midnight party, nobody does. Perversely, everyone knows that
people don'thang out around Lumberman's Arch after the sun
has gone down... or even during the day, if they can avoid it.
So how can anyone simultaneously believe the two contradic-
tory statements? How can anyone say that "the fires are lit by
kids" and "kids don't go to the park at night"? That's one of the
more fascinating consequences of the Delirium caused by
frequent sightings during the Run after moots.

After a moot, whether a private tribal moot or

Concolation, the participants stage a Run throughout
Park. The details of this Run depend on the characteristics of
the tribe involved. For example, the Run after a moot held by
Get of Fenris or, on rare occasions, Red Talons would be
terrible indeed for any human unfortunate enough to witness
it. Regardless of the tribe involved, the Run willbe a wild revel.
After a moot, the Run offers a chance for personal rivalries
between members of different tribes or even septs within a
tribe. While the Vancouver Compact forbids fights to the
death in Stanley Park, or anywhere within the city limits, for
that matter, challenges between the younger members of
different tribes are often vicious and bloody. They usually stop
justshort of death. While members of the Black Furies, the Get
of Fenris, the Wendigo and the Red Talons are the most

24

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

frequent participants in these spontaneous challenges, Cliaths
of other tribes will occasionally mix it up with as much
enthusiasm.

Zo0/ Aquarium

The Vancouver Zoo and the Vancouver Public Aquarium
used to be major tourist attractions. Established in 1915, the
zoo attracted a lot of negative publicity in the 70s and 80s due
to its small and archaic facilities. For example, the dreary,
decaying polar bear enclosure had barely enough space for the
great creatures to pace a dozen steps in one direction before
having to tum around. In reality, the facilities are closing. In
the World of Darkness, the closure has come about a little
faster. Pressure from animal rights groups (spurred on by
various groups of lupines) led to the zoo's closure in the early
1990s after one of the aging polar bears broke her leg in a fall
and had to be put down.

The Public Aquarium lasted little longer (as it has in
reality). Duringits heyday, it wasa major tourist attraction, the
largest public aquarium in Canada and the third largest in

North America. It tried desperately to keep pace with chang-

ing attitudes. Its world-famous killer whale and beluga pools

were drastically expanded, and organized whale shows were
cancelled. Nonetheless, the fact that it had originally been
constructed in 1956 was inescapable. Throughout the 70s and
80s, the Aquarium Foundation tried to acquire more land from

the park reserve to expand and update its facilities even more.


Each time it tried, the Foundation's moves were blocked by
environmental and animal rights groups of various types.

Today, the facilities still exist. Demolishing them would
involve bringing in heavy equipment that the "park protec-
tion" groups won't allow on the peninsula. High chain-link
fences topped with barbed wire surround the zooand aquarium.
Trespassers are discouraged from entering they area: they
could easily fall into the empty 30-foot-deep whale pools,
injure themselves and sue the city blind. During the day, the
monkey house, the reptile house and the broken glass dome
over the center of the aquarium building can be seen clearly.
They're still visible through the lush foliage that's grown up
around them, although now the plants are starting to cover
them. At night, the most that can be seen is a grouping of
strangely tantalizing surreal silhouettes.

Lions Gate Bridge and Causeway

Running through the heart of the park from Lost Lagoon to
Prospect Point is the causeway leading from the West End to
the Lions Gate Bridge. The causeway is three lanes wide.
These three narrow lanes make driving beside a bus a harrow-
ing experience. The causeway has a system of indicator lights
mounted at intervals to inform motorists which way traffic in
the center lane is going. Obviously, this lane is switched to
match the direction of maximum traffic. During morning rush
hour, the lane is open to southbound traffic. In the morning,
traffic heads into the city from the North Shore; in the
evening, the reverse is true. During the day, and on weekends,

the lane is opened and closed according to a system that, for
Vancouver residents, seems to border on the purely random.
At night between midnight and five or so, the center lane is
closed to traffic in either direction. Presumably, this is to
minimize head-on collisions when a drunk or tired driver drifts
out of his narrow lane.

The Lions Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge resembling a
shorter (and much narrower) version of San Francisco's fa-
mous Golden Gate Bridge. Its orange suspension cables are
lined with white lights. By night, it's turned into a sort of
curvilinear "lightsculpture" visible from many parts of the city.
The bridge is only three lanes wide with the same "bi-direc-
tional" center lane arrangement as the causeway.

The Lions Gate Bridge was completed in 1938. Until then,
access from the downtown core to West Vancouver had been
by ferry. The span is definitely showing its age. The roadbed
is worn in places, and the city engineers' attempts to maintain
it are hindered by the fact that it's one of only two ways of
takinga car across Burrard Inlet. Closing it for repairs, even for
a few hours, causes horrendous traffic problems.

By all rights, the Lions Gate should be replaced by bridge
capable of handling much more traffic. Unfortunately, two
factors preclude this. First, putting in a new bridge will almost
certainly mean doing without the old one during at least some
of the construction process. That would lead to a traffic
nightmare. Second, the three-lane causeway is as much a
limiting factor to capacity as the bridge itself. The various

"Friends of Stanley Park" organizations would rather be drawn
and quartered than allow the causeway to be widened one yard.

The Garou are glad that extensive road construction will
not threaten the Great Caern. Some Glass Walkers, however,
aren't totally convinced that the "Friends of Stanley Park"
organizations aren't somehow also playing into the hands of
the Wyrm. By screwing up traffic flow patterns, downtown
Vancouver is being turned into an urban blight of continuous
traffic jams, causing even greater clouds of pollution.

Port of Vancouver

As mentioned earlier, Vancouver is the second largest
natural harbor in North America. Predictably, then, the Port
of Vancouver handles a large volume of maritime traffic. On
any given day, halfa dozen or more huge freighters can be seen
anchored in English Bay waiting for their turns at the port's
berths.

Dan'Cerm

Near thenorth end ofCommereial Drive, this is Vancouver's
largest terminal for container traffic. Huge cranes loom over
lots filled with stacked shipping containers. Security is good as
these things go, but there's a lot of area to cover and relatively
few security personnel. As in most port cities, the dock area is
a good place to go if you want to drop out of sight, and a good
place to avoid otherwise.

Chinatown

Vancouver has the second largest Chinatown in North
America. The region is centered around the corner of Main
Street and Keefer Street to the east of the downtown core. In
signsare in Englishand Cantonese,
and storefront advertising rarely includes more than a word or
two of English. In the heart of Chinatown, it's possible to find
people who have lived in Vancouver for fifty years who can't
speak a word of English. It's a tightly knit community, almost
impossible to penetrate for anyone who isn't fluent in one or
more Chinese dialects.

thistwenty blockarea, stree

With Hong Kong reverting to Chinese rule, many Chinese
have come to Canada and settled in Vancouver. The street
gangs and the dreaded Chinese Triads have come with them.
Tomany, Vancouverisknowas "Little Hong Kong", and when
one visits Chinatown (or the suburb of Burnaby, for that
matter), the reason is obvious. The influx of Asian immigrants
has led to both the city police and the RCMP becoming
authoritieson Asian youth gangs. In fact, police agencies from
across the border frequently request assistance from the
Mounties.

In Chinatown, it's possible to acquire all sorts of interesting
objects and substances if you know where to look and who to
ask. Explosives, special ammunition, firearms anything one
could want can be bought if one has the right connections. Just

Chapter One: The Setting 25


be careful you don't ask the wrong people, or you may end up
getting more than you bargained for...

Kitsilano, Mount Pleasant and
East Vancouver

False Creek

This is the inlet that separates downtown Vancouver from
Kitsilano. When Captain George Vancouver sailed into the
harbor in 1792, he thought the inlet was actually the mouth of
ariver, hence the name. Today False Creek is crossed by three

bridges giving easy access to Downtown the Burrard, Granville

and Cambie Bridges.
There are two major marinas in the creek. Both are on the
south shore. The Stamps Landing Marina is just to the west of
the Cambie Street Bridge. The Spruce Harbor Marina is
halfway between Granville Island (see below) and the Cambie
Bridge. The latter marina offers live-aboard facilities, includ-
ing power and telephone hookups. There's a third, smaller,
marina at the eastern tip of Granville Island, but most of the
boats moored here are owned by yacht charter companies.
The south shore of the Creek used to be devoted to lightand
medium industry. There were many sawmills, chain foundries
and other forestry buildings all over Granville Island and
around the Creek. The narrow streets winding through the

older housing developments still have names that evoke that
past era, names like Sawcut, Lamey's Mill Road and Millbank.

In the 1970s, the industrial nature of south False Creek
began to change. Several small park areas and an elementary
school were established between Granville Island and the
Cambie Bridge. Housing developments began to spring up. At
the west end of the Creek, near Granville Island and the
Granville Street Bridge, there are half a dozen or so "mid-rise"
apartment blocks. Many of these are rent-controlled and
subsidized "cooperatives". Condos have been built at the east
end of the Creek developments by the Cambie Bridge. The
area is not far from a section called Leg-in-Boot Square
(because that's just what was found washed up there in the early
part of the century a leg ina boot). Buildings with names like
Discovery Quay and Newport Quay contain condos that sell
for $300,000 and up-up-up. Several of Vancouver's more
affluent Glass Walkers own condos near Leg-in-Boot Square.

The Leg-in-Boot Square end of the Creek development is
also home to Stamps Landing Pub. This cozy neighborhood
pub was originally associated with the marina, but now has its
own loyal clientele. Monk McQueen's seafood restaurant,
with angular blue metal roof, is something of a Creek land-
mark.

Fairview Slopes

On the lowslope overlooking False Creek is one of the most
densely populated areas of Vancouver. Once a light industrial
region, Fairview Slopes now boasts hundreds, perhaps thou-
sands of expensive condominiums and town houses. In the
1980s, Fairview Slopes was considered the place to live for
yuppies and yuppie wannabes. Developers were scrambling to
grab slices of a very lucrative pie. In the early 90s, the high
population density had taken some of the bloom off the area.
While the "real" yuppies and those who followed them had
turned their attentions to other areas, there were still enough

wannabes buying in to keep real estate prices in the region
artificially high for a while.

In the Gothic-Punk world, the real estate trend that de-
creased the attraction of the Slopes has advanced by two or
three years. Fairview Slopes still looks generally attractive on
the surface, but the cracks are there to be seen. Buildings
literally thrown together to catch the real estate boom are
starting to come apart at the seams. Prices have dropped so
much that many of the people living on the Slopes could only
sell outata crushing loss. This leads to many residents hanging
on in quiet desperation. They live in buildings that are quite
literally starting to crumble and they hope for something to
turn matters around.

Granville Jsland

Like the rest of south False Creek, Granville Island used to
be zoned for industrial use. The area is actually not an island;
it's a small peninsula underneath the Granville Street Bridge.
In 1973, the zoning was changed to allow multiple usage. The

26 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Granville Island Market opened up. In an enclosed market-
place, commercial fishermen and farmers from the Fraser
Valley sell their goods to the general public. Like Seattle's Pike
Place Market and San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf, the
Granville Island Market became a popular place for
Vancouverites to buy fresh fruits and vegetables. Seafood is
prepared just hours after its sold from the boats. There are also
several cappuccino bars and small restaurants, making the
Market a trendy place to come for a late weekend breakfast.

The lslandisalso home to many other businesses. A few key
ones are the Arts Club Theater and Backstage Lounge, the
Emily Carr School of Modem Art, the Granville Island
Brewery and numerous yacht brokers and ship chandlers. At
the west end of the Island is an establishment called Bridges,
which offers a fine dining restaurant, a bistro/wine bar, and a
pub within the same building. On the north side of the Island,
right next to the Arts Club Theater is Mulvaney's, a New
Orleansstyle restaurant. Attheeastend isthe Granville Island
Hotel, which includes one of the city's prime, up-scale meat
market discos, Pelican Bay (otherwise known as "Pecker Bay"
or "Pelvis Bay").

Dancouver General Hospital

Vancouver General Hospital, or VGH, is the city's largest
hospital, covering several city blocks. The different buildings
of the hospital are connected via several floors of almost-

ey. eS

forgotten subterranean levels. Most of these underground
floors are used for storage, if they're used at all. It's here, amidst
these disused and forgotten "catacombs", that the prince of the
Vancouver Kindred has decided to make his haven.

The underground levels are quite secure and safe from
human interference. They also give the prince a lot of space to
spread out. Both Julie Foster and Siegfried frequently sleep
their days away in the underground tunnels. Even if someone
were to find out they were sleeping in the tunnels of VGH, it
would take an extensive search to find the vampires in the
labyrinth of rooms. The two vampires also gain more protec-
tion from the hospital's own security guards and several ghouls
workingat the hospital. Although the underground itself isn't
patrolled, getting to the catacombs' entrance unnoticed while
avoiding the security guards and the ghouls would be very
difficult.

Danier Park and Kits Beach

Vanier Park is a grassy area just west of the Burrard Street
Bridge. This is one of the windiest places in Vancouver. The
prevailing west wind blows seven days out of ten. It's a prime
spot for kite enthusiasts. Acrobatic kites, fighting kites, huge
kites the size of parasails all of these can be seen here on a good
day.

Tothewest of Vanier Park is Kitsilano Beach, knownas Kits
Beach to the locals. It's more of a family oriented beach than

Chapter One: The Setting 27


the more trendy English Bay, but it'sstill an "urban beach" and
very crowded onasunny day. Halfadozen volleyball courtsare
set up along the beach in the summer, and some consider the
quality of play torival games seen on the beaches of California.

Dancouver Planetarium, Museum and
Archive

The white, conical roof of the H.R. MacMillan Planetarium
isafamous Vancouver landmark. The planetarium complex is
few hundred meters west of the Burrard Street Bridge. Ithouses
a small museum and gallery, as well as the Vancouver Ar-
chives.

Jericho and Spanish Banks

Beaches extend basically all the way from Kits to the tip of
Point Grey. Jericho is the next beach to the west of Kits (its
name is a corruption of "Jerry's Cove"). Jericho is home toa
publicsailing center, and also to the exclusive Royal Vancouver
Yacht Club (RVYC). Further west are the beaches of Spanish
Banks, which stretch for several miles.

Shaugnessy

Shaugnessy is one of the older residential neighborhoods,
and it almost literally reeks of money and privilege. It's an
enclave of narrow, tree-lined roads. The curved and tangled
streets are a contrast to the rectilinear arrangement of most of
the city. The area is bounded by West 16th Avenue, West 33rd
Avenue, West Boulevardand Oak Street. Housesin Shaugnessy
start at about half a million dollars, and range in price to well
over five million.

Queen Elizabeth Park

Bounded by West 33rd and 37th Avenues on the north and
south, and by Cambie and Ontario Streets on the westand east,
Queen Elizabeth Park, also known as Little Mountain, is the
highest point within the city limits of Vancouver itself. It's a
rolling, wooded park, dotted with duck pondsand rose gardens.
The park has the largest collection of public tennis courts in
the city thirty-six of them, in fact.

Until about 1920, the hilly region was used for the South
Vancouver municipal stone quarry. Large areas of the hilltop
were carved away. When it became a park, the great, steep-
walled notches left by the quarrymen were turned intoelaborate

gardens. This became a favorite site for wedding photographs.
sunny June weekend, up toa dozen wedding parties can
cacked up" waiting for their tum.

At night, the park is shunned by law-abiding citizens.
Gangs sometimes use the park as a battleground for settling
grudges and enforcing turf violations. The most disturbing
tumors about the park at night have nothing to do with
anything as mundane as youth gangs. In fact, both the Kindred

Dark Alliance: Vancouver


and the Garou of Vancouver use Little Mountain for their own
reasons. The Kindred sometimes hunt here, drinking the vitae
of people who, for their own reasons, would never report
getting "mugged" by "psychos". Garou packs, particularly
those formed of members from different tribes, sometimes meet
here to hash out differences, avoiding tribal complications at
the Great Caern.

Bloedel Conservatory

At the highest point of Queen Elizabeth Park is the Bloedel
Conservatory, a large arboretum covered witha geodesic dome
of glass that can be seen from all over Vancouver. The
Conservatory is home to many species of exotic plants from
around the world. For a few dollars admission, a visitor can
stroll among elephant palms, banana trees, orchids and other
tropical plants. The arboretum's warm, humid air is a pleasant
change from the gray, wet cold of a Vancouver winter.

Nat Bailey Stadiurn

Nat Bailey Stadium is on the northeast slope of Little
Mountain, just north of West 33rd Avenue. The stadium is
home both the Vancouver Canadians, a triple-A baseball
team in the Pacific Coast League, and the farm team for the
Milwaukee Brewers. Originally called Capilano Stadium, this
open-air facility has been described as "one of the finest ball
diamonds in North American baseball". While nowhere near
as hugeas the big parks elsewhere in the continent, itstill keeps
the "feel" of the golden days of baseball. Under the lights ona
balmy summer night, or in the middle of baking aftermoon at
a"businessman's special", it's an excellent place to quaff a few
brews and watch some fine baseball.

Pacific National Exhibition

This sprawling, decaying exhibition ground can be found
just to the west of the Second Narrows Bridge, a couple of
hundred meters from the south shore of Burrard Inlet. The
PNE grounds comprise various exhibition buildings, including
the Agrodome and the Forum, as well as a permanent amuse-
ment park known as Playland. The old, wooden roller coaster
is the highest in Canada, and one of the highest in North

America. It'salso starting tocome apartat the seams. Dustings
of crumbled wood can be found under the structure.

The PNE grounds also contain a racetrack and the Coli-
seum. The Coliseum is the home of the Vancouver Canucks
ice hockey team and is a popular venue for rock concerts.
(Although concerts at the B.C. Place are often larger, the
sound quality is much better in the Coliseum.)

Second Narrows Bridge

Apart from the Lions Gate Bridge, this is the only way to
drive from Vancouver to the North Shore. Fortunately, it's
much larger than the suspension bridge with three lanes in
each direction. The Second Narrows is a big, brutal-looking
metal span with none of the grace of the Lions Gate.

Ir'salso the third bridge to be built on the same site. The first
was finished in 1925, but was a hazard to navigation and was
knocked out by a ship in 1929. The bridge was re-opened in
1934. In 1958, a larger bridge was started to replace the current
span, but an engineering error caused the incomplete span to
collapse, killing 18 workers.

(As an interesting aside, this disaster was reputedly the
inspiration for a UBC tradition: issuing all engineers graduat-
ing from the university an iron ring made from the metal of a
fallen bridge. This ring is to be worn throughout their
professional lives as a reminder of the responsibilities their
chosen career carries with it.)

At various times in the city's history, people have tried to
establish a third crossing of Burrard Inlet. In 1972, the last such
effort was defeated, largely by people who feared that a third
bridge would lead to Vancouver becoming a "freeway city".
The money that had been set aside for the third crossing was
used to establish the SeaBus.

University Endowment Lands

The westernmost tip of Point Grey is home to the Univer-
sity of British Columbia (UBC). With around 50,000 full-time
and part-time students, it's one of the largest universities in
Canada. It received its charter in 1908, but didn't move to its
present location until 1925. The campus itself is about a
thousand acres, about the same size as Stanley Park. The
"Endowment Lands", granted by the provincial government to
the university for its own use, are several times this size.

The University Endowment Lands (UEL) consist of the
university itself, student housing, the University Golf Club,
the University Hill School and some limited residential neigh-
borhoods. The area also includes a large new development for
students with families, and an aging but still active "Fraternity
Row". Most of the UEL, however, is rolling woodlands, more
or less untouched by logging concerns for the last fifty years or
so. Prepared footpaths run through the woods, which have
recently been officially declared the Pacific Spirit Provincial
Park. The park is off-limits to development in the future, much
to the relief of many of Vancouver's Garou. Some of these
pathsare open to the many equestrians and tomountain-bikers
in the city, while others are restricted to pedestrians only.

The UEL is home to a small population of coyotes and a
large population of raccoons. Both of these pose threats to the
domestic cat population in the region. There are also small
populations of great blue heronsand eagles nesting in the taller
trees of the Pacific Spirit Park.

In the Gothic-Punk world, sightings of lupine creatures
considerably larger than coyotes have any right to be have
been becoming more and more common. City officials and
government biologists write these off as misinterpreted coyote
sightings. ("Nervous person spots coyote, reports timber wolf.")
There are some people who wonder whether there might not
be other kinds of creatures frequenting the UEL.

Chapter One: The Setting 29


q
/

UBC Campus

The campus itself would seem familiar to university students
from anywhere in North America. The buildings are a mix of
architectural styles, from the heavy stonework of the Main
Library to the 60s-style world art mosaics of the Buchannan
building to the timeless institutional brick of the Totem Park
student residences.

Running through the center of the campus is Main Mall,

which is closed to all vehicular traffic except emergency and

official delivery vehicles. For students, the heart of the campus
isthe Student Union Building. The SUB isa massive structure

of dark gray concrete that has been described as following the

"ancient Chinese fortress" style of architecture. Beside SUB is
the Aquatic Center and the War Memorial Gym.

The Graduate Students Center and the Faculty Club are at
the north end of the campus, both with excellent views of
Burrard Inlet and the North Shore mountains.

Interestingly enough, some of the buildings still used on
campus today were built in the 1940s as temporary structures.
Funding problems, and the rapid growth of the student popu-
lation, have blocked many initiatives to replace these
dilapidated buildings with something more in keeping with a

modern university.

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Main Library

The Main Library was built in the 1940s. Its gray stone
facade resembles across between a Gothic cathedral anda 19th
Century insane asylum. The library was expanded in 1957 with
the construction of the Stacks: a bleak, institutional addition
onto the rear of the old building. With its low ceilings, narrow
aisles between ceiling-high bookshelves, poor lighting and
grimy, barred windows, the Stacks are highly claustrophobic,
particularly on a dark and rainy winter evening.

Scattered throughout the Stacks are desks where students
can work, and many take advantage of the claustrophobic
solitude the Stacks provide. This practice is starting to
decrease, however. Although the university administration
adamantly denies them, there are constantly recurring rumors
that somethingisn't right with the Stacks. These rumors change
from week to week. Nobody knows where they originate.
chotic rapist-murderer is

Sometimes there's anxiety that a ps
prowling the Stacks for victims. A couple of days later, the
focus of fear has changed to supernatural manifestations of

some kind. Then it's fears of the building's old insulation being

carcinogenic. Then the rumors swing back to some kind of

predator seeking its prey in the building. Is there someone, ot
ks? Nobody really knows. The
building could well be the Haven ofa vampire, who hunts the

something, hunting in the Stz

narrow aisles at night. It could be a place of sanctuary sought
out by a Garou pursued by some foe. Then again, it could be
something totally different

Whatever itis that prowls the Stacks, students cannotavoid
the Main Library no matter how much they may want to. The
library has over three million books, some quite rare and
unavailable elsewhere, and its extensive catalog attracts many
researchers from off-campus as well. A sophisticated comput-
erized catalog is said to record all materials in the library and in
the other libraries on campus. It's always possible some pieces
might have been missed. For someone seeking the answer to
virtually any complex question, the Main Library is an excel-
lent place to start.

The Beaches

As described earlier, beaches extend along the north shore
of Point Grey from along the Spanish Banks. They continue
around the tip of Point Grey as well, but their nature changes
somewhat.

During World War II, when a Japanese invasion was
considered a real and terrifying possibility, naval defenses were
built on the western tip of Point Grey. Searchlights and naval
guns, in huge concrete revetments and towers, were installed
around the point, down the steep cliffs from the UBC campus.
After the war, the hardware was removed from these emplace-

ments, but the concrete towers, bunkers and other structures
were left to decay by themselves. The first beach as one heads
south around the tip of Point Grey is named for these installa-
tions Tower Beach. Further around the point is Wreck Beach,
named for a ship and several barges that were purposely sunk
off-shore to form a breakwater.

Wreck Beach, and the southernmost part of Tower Beach,
are Vancouver's nude beaches. Officially, the city, province
and country has laws that prohibit public indecency. The
RCMP, which has jurisdiction over the UEL, turnsa blind ey

Although laws against public indecency are not strictly
enforced, the location still requires police intervention. The
fact that Wreck can be reached only by boat or a grueling walk
down a steep, switchbacked path from the campus above
makes it an attractive place for activities to which the RCMP
doesn't turn a blind eye. On any summer afternoon, entrepre-
neurs sell everything from stolen sunglasses to various drugs.
While the Mounties try to keep this kind of thing to a bare
minimum (so to speak), the limited access also limits their
enforcement.

When the sun goes down, the clothes usually go back on,
mainly due to the cool prevailing winds from the west. On
summer evenings, Wreck is alive with the bonfires of beach
parties.

In the Gothic-Punk world, these parties don't usually last
much past midnight, particularly on nights with a full moon.
People don't wander far from the reassuring lights of their fires
unless they go in groups. (This definitely limits the desirability
of Wreck as a teen make-out spot, of course.) This is because
of recurring rumors of some kind of psychotic who prowls the
beach late at night, especially when the full moon is in the sky.

Aswith the Main Library rumors, nobody knows just where
the tale of the "Wreck Beach Slasher" comes from. The police
have norecords of anyone being murdered on the beach during
the last few years. No bodies have been found, and the only
people to have gone missing are drunk partiers who have gone
for a swim in the ocean and never made it back to shore.

TRIUMF

TRIUMF the Tri-University Meson Facility is UBC's
major contribution to "big science" in Canada. It's a powerful
particle accelerator, under joint control of UBC, the Univer-
sity of Victoria (UVIC) and the University of Alberta. TRIUMF
was the biggest cyclotron in the world when it was completed
in the 1970s. Even though it's long since been dwarfed by
newer machines, it's still remains on the cutting edge of
research. Specifically, researchers are investigating the use of
mesons for the treatment of tumors and other malignancies.

When TRIUMF was built, many people viewed it with
severe distrust. It dealt with nuclear particles, didn't it? Wasn't
anything nuclear automatically radioactive, potentially explo-
sive, probably carcinogenic, and innately anathema to God's
green earth? The three universities involved and the Canada
Science Council (which provided much of the funding) tried
toexplain thata cyclotron wasn't going to explode. Ifa major
component ever failed, they argued, the worst that would
happen would be the accelerator shutting down until the part
was replaced. This education campaign just didn't cut it, and
distrust of TRIUMF still runs high in certain circles.

This is as true among many of the Garou as it is among the
humans. Some of the Glass Walkers have taken the time to
understand exactly what TRIUMF is and what it does. They
have concluded that it's doing beneficial work with no risk to
the environment. Most of the other tribes show a knee-jerk
reaction to the place. Only the Vancouver Compact the
agreement between the tribes defining Vancouver and the
Great Caernas "open territory" has allowed the Glass Walkers
to prevent the more militant Garou from trashing TRIUMF
once and for all.

Discovery Park

This is an "industrial park" set up by the provincial govern-
ment in the 1980s, a site where start-up high-tech companies
can find a supportive and subsidized environment to operate.
All the necessary infrastructure is already in place. Discovery
Park is located on the UBC campus near TRIUMF.

This government-subsidized "business incubator" hasn't
worked overly well. Economic downturns, the provin
continued reliance on primary industry and popular distrust of
anything smacking of high-tech have driven all but the most
resilient start-ups out of business. Only one "inhabitant" of
Discovery Park is doing well, surprisingly so, in fact. This isan
outfit called Pacific Rim Biotech which is, unbeknownst to all
buta few, indirectly owned and controlled by Developmental
Neogenetics Amalgamated (DNA).

Chapter One: The Setting 31


North Shore
Horseshoe Bay

North and west of the city, about 10 or 15 minutes' drive on
the Upper Levels highway, is the community of Horseshoe
Bay. This protected harbor is the home of one of Vancouver's
two major ferry terminals. From Horseshoe Bay, ferries ply the
Strait of Georgia to the city of Nanaimo on Vancouver Island,
travelling to Gibson up the "Sunshine Coast" and to several of
the small Gulf Islands between the mainland and Vancouver
Island itself.

Grouse Mountain

About 20 minutes north of the city isGrouse Mountain, one
of three ski areas within half an hour's drive of downtown
Vancouver. Grouse is about 1,100 meters (3,600 feet) high.
The ski area is reached by a gondola, running every 10 minutes
from the parking area to the "Grouse Nest" chalet.

Grouse is an "urban mountain". Its runs aren't long, it has
little variety of terrain and it's crowded as hell. It is, however,
only twenty minutes from the city, and it's lighted for night
skiing. On a clear winter evening as the sun's going down, the
lights of Grouse hang in the sky over the north shore.

A couple of skiers go missing on Grouse's "back runs" each
year. While the authorities assume that they've skied out of
bounds to meet their untimely deaths, it's possible that they've
fallen prey to Garou or Kindred.

Cypress Bowl

Cypress Bowl isa little more spartan and a little less urban
than Grouse Mountain, and can be found a couple of miles to
the west. The ski area is more extensive, with a greater variety
of terrain and more challenging runs. Cypress has cross-
country skiing trails, which Grouse lacks, and an extensive
back-country area on the north slopes. Various developers
have tried to get governmental permission and the necessary
funding to open up those back areas and expand the ski area.
Each time they try, however, something happens to prevent
their plans from reaching fruition. Predictably, these "toad-
blockstodevelopment" are orchestrated by Vancouver'sGarou,
since the back country is home to quite a few werewolves.

British Properties

The "British Properties" are the playground of the rich and
famous. It's a very expensive, very exclusive area on the
southern slopes of the North Shore mountains, directly to the
north of the Lions Gate Bridge. It was developed originally by
the Guiness family (famous for stout and, much less impor-
tantly, a book of world records). It's an area of winding roads
and tree-covered estates. Most homes here have spectacular
views of the city below.

In Gothic-Punk Vancouver, with its heightened undercur-
rentof violence, this isaneighborhood of mansionssurrounded
by brick and steel walls. It's patrolled by its own special private

security force to ensure the safety of the privileged. The British
Properties contain "havens-away-from-home" for several in-
fluential vampires from around the world.

The ‘Burbs'

Vancouver is the fastest growing city in Canada. Because of
this, the suburbs have grown more important. Downtown is
still the center of business and the home of the best clubs, but
the suburbs' ability to compete is growing rapidly. Asmore and
more people come to settle down in the Lower Mainland (the

area of Vancouverand the suburbs), more of the outlying areas
are turning from farms and ranches to rows of houses with
white picket fences. Even the street gangs have expanded into
the ‘burbs, thus helping the crime rate to rise rapidly in
neighborhoods that were once thought to be safe.

Getting from downtown Vancouver to the outlyingareas of
the ‘burbs is fast and easy. The provincial government supports
awell-used and extensive public transport system consisting of
buses and the Skytrain. This effective system, financially
encouraged by Vancouver's Glass Walkers, has helped reduce
traffic on the highways leading into town. The level of air
pollution is being kept to a bearable level.

The main suburbs of Vancouver are Richmond, Burnaby,
Surrey, Coquitlam, New Westminister, Tsawassen, Delta,
White Rock and Port Coquitlam. Each of these areas has the
population of a small city, and detailed descriptions of these
would be well beyond the scope of this book:

Key Locales
WR

This is the official designation for Vancouver's interna-
tional airport located on Sea Island in Richmond. YVR is too
small for the amount of traffic it's called upon to handle, but
residents of Richmond keep blocking any attempt to expand
the facility. It's now almost as overloaded as O'Hare in Chi-
cago.

Security at YVR is less stringent than at many American
airports, but it'sstill far from lax. Dogsare used to sniffoutdrugs
and explosives, and the RCMP takes very seriously any hint
that weapons or explosives are being smuggled into the coun-
try.

Csawassen Ferry Terminal

The Tsa
Bay. Ferries leave from here to Victoriaand Nanaimo, both on
Vancouver Island. Round-the-clock ferry service is a recent
innovation orchestrated by Vancouver's Kindred.

The Border

There are two major border crossings. One is for trucks, and
the other is for passenger vehicles. The Douglas border crossing
is between White Rock in Canada and Blaine in the US. This
crossing is marked by a major landmark, the Peace Arch. This

sen facility isa larger terminal than Horseshoe

32 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

white stone archway is right on the border, and flags of both
countries are displayed. Iron gates are installed in the archway
itself, and these are always open. This symbolism is reflected
by the inscription, "May These Gates Never Be Closed".

As at most border crossings, security seems extremely arbi-
trary. Some cars just breeze through after the driver answers a
couple of questions. Others are stripped to the frame. There
often seems to be no obvious reason for the difference. As
mentioned earlier, the Canadian border guards are very sensi-
tive about people who want to carry firearms into the country.
Anyone without the appropriate authorization will either
have to surrender their weapons or turn around and go back to
the States.

Metrotown

This is Vancouver's newest major mall. It's in Burnaby, not
far from the intersection of Kingsway and Boundary Road. It's
amassive enclosed mall, but it's not underground like those in
the city center.

Simon Fraser University

Simon Fraser University is a classic example of how civili-
zation and nature can coexist. The university is built on top of
Bumaby Mountain. It was designed and built so that it
complemented the forest and natural beauty around it. A large
part of the University was actually built into the mountain, and
most of the science labs are underground.

Rumors come and go about sealed-off catacombs in the
depths of the university. The original builders excavated
foundations for buildings that were never completed. Con-
firming these rumors isnext to impossible. Students descending
into the depths pass to the more restricted parts of the univer-
sity. They pass the sealed rooms with radiation warnings on the
doors and pass dimly-lit concrete corridors which seem to
absorb the very heat from their bodies.

If people could search without hindrance, they would find
that the rumored catacombs actually do exist. They're home
to an ancient evil. When Lyle, one of the Kindred, came to
Vancouver, he funded the building of SFU and buried his
master deep in the catacombs for his protection. Ghouls
posing as scientists and security guards maintain a constant
watch on the tunnels, but not even they understand what it is
they guard. In fact, the master is an extremely powerful
Methuselah, and he waits in a state of torpor.

This Methuselah's characteristics are not given in this
source book, since he is not likely to awaken anytime soon. If
thisancient vampire does awaken, assume that when he shakes
off the weakness that follows torpor, all of his characteristics
will be near maximum. (He will possess whatever disciplines
at whatever levels suit the story that the individual Storyteller
hasin mind.) This Methuselah has been in North America for
almost two thousand years and is the sire of Mictlantecuhtli
(see Awakening, Diablerie: Mexico for more information on
Mictlantecuhtli).

Even from torpor, Lyle's master knows about the workings
of Vancouver. It is possible that all of Vancouver's achieve-
ments may in fact be due to this Cainite's attempts to ensure
that hissleep is not disturbed. Thus, Vancouver isa safe haven
from politics and its attendant plotting. The peace with the
Garou could also have been influenced by this ancient one,
who has long traveled along the Northwestern Coast. How-
ever, this vampire has avoided influencing Siegfried himself
(except for his very early influence in founding the city). He
is instead slowly influencing those who are not loyal to the
prince. The Methuselah plans to eventually awaken to find a
group of vampires already loyal and ready to protect him. He
is progressing with his plans so slowly and so secretly from his
state of torpor that even Lyle doesn't realize what is going on.
The sleeping vampire is not behind Stalest and her desire to
take the reins of power away from Siegfried, as some players
mightguess. However, he is doing nothing to stop the pending
confrontation. As longas the peace is kept (who wants to wake
up in a lupine-infested city?) and Siegfried is kept busy with
other things, Lyle has been instructed to stay out of the fight.
The Methuselah senses the touch of the Wyrm in the Expo
site, and realizes that it might eventually require some action
onhispart. Sofar, he isnotconvinced that the Wyrm isadirect
threat to his interests, and he will take no action until he is
convinced.

Riverview

East of the city in New Westminister, Riverview is an old,
brooding building overlooking the Fraser River. It for decades
asamental hospital, a repository for all but the most criminally
insane. In the late 1980s and the early 90s, cutbacks in funding
caused the "downsizing" and eventual closure of the facility.
Some ofits patients have either been moved to other establish-
ments. More often, they are consigned to "community care":
they're putouton thestreets. The decaying buildings willstand
empty until somebody figures out just what to do with them.

IntheGothic-Punk world, the buildings of Riverviewaren't
quite empty, although there might notbea living soul in them.
The facility represents a great haven for Kindred. This very
Gothic-looking place has enough of a reputation to keep most
trespassers away.

Other Locales

Here are some other interesting places relatively near to
Vancouver.

Dictoria

On Vancouver Island, Victoria is (in real life) the "Satanic
capital" of Canada. This city has the largest population of
declared Satanists and the most incidences of Satanic (or
pseudo-Satanic) activity. In the Gothic-Punk world, it's a city
of mystery to both the Kindred and the Garou. Although
several septs of lupines exist on Vancouver Island, they stay

away from Canada's retirement capital and stick to the interior
or the city of Nanaimo further up the island's east coast. Even

Chapter One: The Setting 33


the Garou can'texplain the hesitancy they feel when they near
Victoria or the uneasiness which turns to fear as they venture
further into the city. The lupines of the mainland laugh at the
stories of disappearing werewolves and mystic beasts the is-
landers bring to them, but it's a fact that very few of the Garou
who have entered the city have ever returned. Those few who
have come back return changed. Their fur is gray and their
stamina issapped. They refuse to speak of what they saw. Some
of the oldest Wendigo speak of a once great caer on the island
in the location of what is now called Beacon Hill Park in the
center of Victoria. The power of this caern is thought to have
long since disappeared, but no one really knows what has
happened to it.

The Kindred also shun the city. As the Covenant between
the Cainites and the Lupines only extends to the city limits of
Greater Vancouver, few vampires leave Vancouver to visit the
Island for fear of being attacked by lupines either on route
across the water (which takes overan hour) or while in the city
itself. The vampires who have left to visit Victoria have
disappeared without the slightest trace. This has long been a
mystery to the prince and the elders of Vancouver. Even
Necross has little information about it.

Originally Victoria was a trading outpost and a fort on the
southern end of Vancouver Island. Because it crosses a large
span of water, Siegfried has tried to build up Vancouver.
Almost no vampires journey to the Island. Victoria and her
suburbs have a population of just over 280,000. This isasecond
reason why there are no vampires in this old city. (According

to the game's standard assumptions, Victoria could support
about 2.8 vampires). The fact that Victoria is the capitol of the
province is pretty well lost on the majority of the population.
The real power of the province is in Vancouver. The news
broadcasts focus on the mainland city. In fact, there is more on
the news about the cities of the interior of the province than
Victoria. Ifone were to ask people what city was the provincial
capitol, many would probably guess wrong, naming the me-
tropolis of Vancouver.

Recently, Siegfried has used his influence to start a night-
time ferry service to the island. He has sent three of his most
powerful and trusted lieutenants to Victoria to find out just
what is going on. Through his mortal contacts in Victoria, the
prince has learned that his lieutenants have disappeared
without a trace. This has only confirmed Siegfried's long-held
suspicions that there is something unusual about the city, and
he is now focusing his attention there. For obvious reasons,
Siegfried has kept the possible destruction of his lieutenants a
secret; he hasn't been able to cover up the fact that they have
disappeared, however. (As described in a later chapter, the
malcontent Stalest has seized upon this disappearance and
Siegfried's distraction as a perfect opportunity to wrest control
of the city from the prince.)

Seattle

About 250 miles south of Vancouver, Seattle is the last
main Camarilla enclave in the Northwest. Seattle is a city on
the brink. Anarchs from the Free States to the south have
decided to enlarge their borders, and Seattle is one of their
target cities. The Camarilla does not intend to lose the city,
and they have positioned a powerful Justicar there to prevent
the Anarch Revolt from spreading north. Justicar Petrodon is
an expert on the anarchs. It is extremely hard to pull one over
on the old boy, and his Archon goons are adept at rooting out
and destroying any threat to his jurisdiction. Thus, the anarchs
are havinga hard time taking down Seattle. They aren't giving
up. Population pressure in the Free States demands that the
Revolt move to the north; damn anyone who gets in the way!

Due tothis "distraction" from the anarchs, Petrodon hasnot
tumed his attention to the "lawless" city of Vancouver. The
idea of an independent city is galling to the old Justicar, but
what can be done when revolutionaries threaten to run
rampant in one's own backyard? Vancouver's "trial" will have
to wait...

Spuzzum

About 80 milesup the Fraser Valley, northeast of Vancouver,
Spuzzum is one of the smallest towns in British Columbia. Most
Canadians got a good laugh when the ex-Warsaw Pact mem-
bers released their nuclear target list. It turned out that
Spuzzum had been marked for a first-strike attack. For some
reason, the Soviet military had decided Spuzzum wasa military
base, despite the fact that the town's population was on the
order of 400, smaller than any military base in Canada.

Spuzzum is populated only by werewolves and their Kinfolk.
The town acts as a supply depot and communication nexus for

34 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

the Getof Fenris in their war against the enemies of Gaia. From
this small town, the Get can ferry out supplies to probable sites
of battle and coordinate their forays against the Wyrm and
humans. These supplies can be anything from food and muni-
tions to medical aid for Kinfolk caught in the battle, or maybe
just a van to transport some homicidal Get.

About two hours north of the city along the winding (and
sometimes treacherous) Sea-to-Sky Highway is Whistler Vil-
lage. This ski resort serves two mountains, Whistler and

Blackcombe. It is rated the number-one ski destination in
North America by many American and Japanese ski maga-

zines. The village itself resembles a yuppie's conception of a
European village. Little winding streets and open "town
squares" are packed with half-million-dollar condos.

Whistler Village is a tiny little enclave of "glitterati" civili-
zation in the middle of the wilderness. It's a thom in the side
of the more militantly environmental Garou, while more
"urban" tribes like the Glass Walkers relish it as an oasis of
civilized pleasures in the midst of the dirty and cold wilderness.

The slopes of Whistler and Blackcombe are home to maybe
adozen Garou. Surprisingly, the fact that at least one werewolf
lives on Whistler is publicized by an advertisement at the top
of one of the major ski lifts. The Whistler Mountain corpora-
tion considers this an interesting "tourist feature" and doesn't
know that its sign is actually telling the truth.

Chapter One: The Setting 35


Dark Alliance: Vancouver


More than anywhere else in the world, Vancouver is built

upon interactions between Garou and Kindred societies. This
chapter describes those interactions and their results.
It is vital to note that history is highly subjective. Two

observers of the same event will remember and interpret it
quite differently. (Anyone who has heard multiple witnesses'
descriptions of a car crash understands this.) The Kindred and
Garou of Vancouver view certain eventsin their shared history
quite differently. This is the origin of what might be seen as
"contradictions" in the following material.

Before the White Man

British Columbia, and specifically the area that would one
day become Vancouver, has always been home to a large
population of Garou. In the distant past, Wendigo Garou of
many septs lived in these forests. Some of these septs, including
the Tatlayoko, the Namu and the Ceepeecee, are now extinct.
These Garou had fought fierce battles to quell the Wyrm from
the Pure Land. The aboriginal peoples who formed the First
Nations of the coast lived in fear of the Garou, referring to
them as "Those Who Come By Night." The most enduring
legend to arise from that time was that of the Sasquatch, a nine
foot tall humanoid figure covered in fur. What else could it be
but a Garou in Crinos form?

Garou of the Wendigo, Uktena and Croatan tribes came to
Vancouver and migrated to the natural harbor of the Fraser
RiverDeltaregion. They were drawn by something they didn't

quite understand. The Garou established a variety of settle-
ments all over the area. These primeval woods would one day
be replaced by high-tisesand housing developments. Later, the
call of other lands drew most of the Uktena and Croatan to
migrate south, leaving the Wendigo as the most populous

tribe

Humans were also drawn to the area. Members of the
Musqueam, Squamish and Tsleil'waututh peoples established
more than two dozen distinct villages and settlements in the
region. The area was plentiful, providing bountiful salmon
runs, ample supplies of edible plantsand many animals to hunt.
They believed that the rich natural resources of the area were
what drew them tothearea that would laterbecome Vancouver.
The native peoples were actually responding to the same force
that affected the Garou.

A Wendigo named Pookcha first realized what the strange
attraction actually represented. On the peninsula that would
one day be called Stanley Park, there was an area where the
boundary between the Realm of Gaia and the Umbra
particularly thin. Pookcha devoted his life to investigating the

specific characteristics of this region and the spirits who lived
there. He and other Theurges examined the area and realized
that this could be the site of a great caern. After years of
research and preparation, a consortium of Theurges represent-
ingall the tribes in the area boundanumber of spirits to the site.
Because members of different tribes participated in creating
the Great Caern, the site was dedicated to intertribal amity.

Chapter Two: History 37


The spirits bound there reflect thisnature. (This site would one
day be known to the humans as Lumberman's Arch.)

From about 1350 A.D., when the Great Caern was com-
pleted, to the mid-1800s, the Garou and the humans of the
region lived in equilibrium. Even though the Impergium had
ended, the First Nations of the Pacific coastshowed none of the
explosive growth that societies showed in Europe and Asia.
There are no Garou records of vampiric activity in the region
during this period, either (at least, no confirmed reports).
There are some tales still told by the Wendigo around the fires
of their moots about a vampire who had some kinship with the
beasts of the forest. He had visited the region in the distant past
tosireaGet by thename of Mictantekle. Outside the Wendigo
Tribe, few believe these myths.

Over the next several centuries, the Tatlayoko, the Namu
and the Ceepeecee were the most influential of the "lost septs".
They shared authority and responsibility for the Great Caern
with the other Wendigo. Atfirst, this sharing was very natural
and instinctive, largely because there were no threats to the
caern from any source. Life for the West Coast Garou was
idyllic in a way it would never be again.

Eventually, the population of Native Americans in the area
began to grow. Human villages sprang up close to the Great
Caern, including one called Khwaykhway located less than a
mile from the site. The encroachment of human "civilization"
started to put pressure on the Garou in the area. Suddenly,

"responsibility" for the Great Caern started to mean some-
thing. The Wendigo and the "lost septs" struck an official

agreement to reinforce the very informal agreement. This
agreement would later be called the "Vancouver Compact"
and would formalize the amity behind the Great Caern. The
tribes agreed in perpetuity that the area around the caern
would be open to Garou of all tribes, septs and packs. Inter-
tribal conflicts would be forbidden. The various Theurges
swore great and mighty oaths before the Celestines that would
bind them and their Kinfolk for the rest of time.

The Great Caern was located in what would one day be
Stanley Park. This wasn't the only place in the area where the
Gauntlet was thin. In fact, certain folk tales of the Wendigo
claim that this whole area used to be very close to the Umbra.
While the Great Caern was the only site that could become a
Level Four caern, there were several other locations where the
Garou created Level One caerns. Only one of these still exists
today, as far as contemporary Garou know. The Smiling
Buddha Caern was at one time a Tatlayoko burial site. It was
"rediscovered" in the twentieth century by Richard Daly of the
Vancouver Glass Walkers (see Chapter Three).

Colonial Days

In 1785, Captain Vancouver was the first recorded Euro-
pean visitor to the region. His ship sailed into a natural harbor
that would one day be named for him. Over the next century,
European colonists flooded into the area. In keeping with the
Great Caer they revered, the native Garou made a decision
that the Wendigo consider a dire mistake. Instead of driving

38 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

off or destroying the "invading" colonists, they decided that
they could teach the newcomers to live in harmony with Gaia
and the Garou as the native humans did. By the time they
realized how wrong they were, it was too late. There were too
many of the interlopers, and they were too well settled to be
ousted. Removing them would be impossible without a bloody
and genocidal war, a confrontation between humans and
Garou that would have made the Impergium look likea garden
party in comparison. Several of the "lost septs" demanded war,
but other developments precluded the "hard option".

Along with their traps, guns and ocean-spanning sailing
ships, the colonists had brought disease. With the human
diseases, such as smallpox, the Europeans brought with them
diseases mutated by the Wyrm. These Wyrm toxins had long
ago run their course in Europe. Many Old World Garou had
built up immunities. Like the Native humans, the North
American Garou could not ward off these diseases of the
Wyrm. While these epidemics hit the Native humans hard,
the Wyrm toxin hit the native Garou even harder. The
Wendigo were more susceptible to these new diseases than the
Native humans. The other tribes and septs of the region
seemed to have little or no resistance to the new pathogens.
While the Garou argued over whether to oust the invaders by
bloody force, the seeds of extinction were sown in many septs.
Over the next several years, the Wendigo were decimated in
the classical sense of the word: one in ten Garou died of the
new diseases. The Tatlayoko, the Namu and the Ceepeecee
suffered fatality rates of 75% and up. The vast majority of those
who survived were rendered sterile. Within less than a genera-
tion, these once proud groups ceased to exist.

Even as they were dying, the "lost septs" could have struck
against the colonists and caused untold havoc. Another factor
prevented this: the presence of Garou among the colonists.

Itshould have come as no surprise to the native Garou that
there might be members of their kind among the European
invaders, but the Native Garou were shocked. The majority
of these "immigrant" Garou were Get of Fenris and Shadow
Lords. They had either followed their Kinfolk to the New
World or decided to seek out new frontiers for themselves.
There were smatterings of other tribes as well, and by the 1890s
every major tribe was represented.

The tribes of Europe and Asia had been brought into
conflict by population pressure and expansion. The tribes of
the Vancouver area had never fought wars among themselves.
Certainly, there had been conflict and confrontation. Garou
nature makes anything else inconceivable. Yet these conflicts
had been minor in comparison to those elsewhere in the world,
and most problems were traditionally solved through discus-
sion. It was inconceivable for the native Garou to launch a
bloody attack against the invaders human and Garou alike
without first discussing the matter.

There are no records of events at the first Great Moot at a
minor Wendigo caern somewhere on Burrard Inlet. We do
know that the meeting was not at the Great Caer near
Khwaykhway; the native Garou didn't trust the interlopers
enough to reveal its location yet. Garou historians can't agree

Chapter Two: History

on the year the meeting took place, but they know it must have
been fascinating and charged with tension. Although the two
factions of Garou had been separated from each other by vast
seas and centuries of time, they still shared the primal Garou
tongue. The European Garou, quite obviously, had no inten-
tion of turning around and leaving. They'd come here for a
reason, and the fact that their arrival caused problems for the
Garou already living there was, basically, just too damned bad.

The Shadow Lords and the Get of Fenris stated that they
would take it amiss if the Native Garou waged their genocidal
war against the humans only, leaving the Garou alone. Many
of them had Kinfolk among the colonists. War against the
colonist humans would harm those Kinfolk, and the European
Garou made it clear they would consider such an act to a
declaration of war against themselves as well. The Wendigo
were capable warriors, but their skills hadn't been whetted by
generations of intertribal skirmishes. The Europeans were well
acquainted with such conflicts. The Wendigo acceded to the
arguments of their European Kinfolk.

By thetimeanattemptata diplomatic solution at the Great
Moot had failed, it was too late for the native Garou to try
another strategy. Many were dying, and even those who the
disease spared were toosick and weak for any kind of organized,
reasoned response. Once the epidemic had run its tragic
course, even the most militant Wendigo had to recognize the
ugly truth: the European settlers were here to stay.

As well as extinguishing entire tribes and breaking the
ability of the native Garou to resist the European incursion, the
epidemic had another effect. Many septs were totally wiped
out. The locations of the caerns they revered were lost with
them. Some contemporary experts among the Garou estimate
that there mighthave been five or six caerns in thisarea. (Most
of these would be Levels One and Two, with perhaps a single
Level Four, in addition to the Great Caem itself. There were
rumors of an ancient Level Five far up north). Of these, only
one has ever been rediscovered. Some of the Vancouver Glass
Walkers continue to search for signs of these other caerns,
reasoning that they've probably been covered by the spreading
city. A couple of Bone Gnawers claim they're on the same
"quest". No other tribes believe the noble-sounding claims of
these "Urrah", suspecting that they're actually up tosomething
unpleasant.

The Growing City

The city on the bay was originally called Granville and later
renamed Vancouver. It grew steadily. Few of the Garou who
had come overassettlers stayed in the city. Cities weren't what
they had come here for, and they could have got their fill of
them in relatively crowded Europe. It was the untouched
forests, the towering mountains, the hidden lakes and the
glacier-fed streams that attracted them. "Virgin wilderness"
was becoming hard to find in Europe and Asia. Just as the
human population of British Columbia was smaller than the
population of Europe, the same comparisons could be made
concerning the Garou. This meant less competition for space

39


and resources among the immigrants. This was another reason
for Garou colonization. The vast majority of "colonial" Garou
spread out into the wilderness around the growing city, choos-
ing the environments that suited their tribal natures. Some
Bone Gnawers, and those who would eventually be known as
the Glass Walkers, stayed in the city, living secretly in the
midst of the humans.

Those who moved to the wilderness soon came into com-
petition with the Wendigo. There were plenty of resources in
the area. The forests contained enough prey to support
thousands of hunting Garou for centuries. However, Garou
are by nature highly territorial, and need a lot of space to feel
comfortable. There were confrontations and conflicts, largely
between the Wendigo and either the Get of Fenris or the
Shadow Lords. There was already bad blood between these
tribes. Other tribes were also involved.

The leader of the largest Wendigo sept in the area, a Homid
Theurge named Chupkheem, realized that the ongoing con-
flicts between Garou had toend somehow. He decided that the
time had come to introduce the immigrant Garou to the Great
Caern. His hope was that everyone would remember what
they had in common as Garou. Their commonality was much
more significant than their differences.

Again, nothing records how the immigrants, invited to a
special Concolation by Chupkheem, responded when they
experienced the wonder and power of the Great Caern. They
must have been amazed: Level Four caerns aren't particularly
common. The Gauntlet was so thin that "stepping sideways"
was easier than most Garou had ever imagined it could be.

Chupkheem explained his position to the newcomers. The
territorial imperative of the Wendigo, the pride of the Shadow
Lords and the instincts of the Get of Fenris to protect their
Kinfolk had to give way to something greater. Nothing was
more important than protecting, maintaining and cherishing
this caern for the greater glory of Gaia. He stressed the
commonality ofall Garou, reminding those assembled that the
caern had originally been created in the spirit of intertribal
amity. Amity was the very nature of the spirits bound to the
site. Whatever happened, Chupkheemstressed, there could be
no continued conflict between the native and newcomer
tribes. There could not be fighting in the vicinity of the Great
Caern and no one tribe would be denied access to it. Fighting
overacaern devoted to the ideal of peace was a perversion that
onlythe Wyrm could countenance. The bawn surrounding the
caern and, in fact, the entire bay area should be an area of
peace, Chupkheem argued. The region musthe free of conflict.

Hemust have been incredibly persuasive. Perhaps it was the
power of the caern itself that turned the trick. All the Garou
were energized by the power of the Great Caen. They howled
and screamed joyously through their Run. By the end of the
Concolation, all the leaders among the immigrants had agreed
to be bound by the precepts of what would be called the
"Vancouver Compact". As the Wendigo renewed their oaths
tothe Celestines, the immigrant Garou swore the same mighty
oaths that the "lost septs" had once spoken. The tribes would
share authority over responsibility for the Great Caern. No

40

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Garou would be turned away from its power. The area around
the bay would be free of intertribal conflict. If individuals of
different tribes wanted to mix it up in anything more than a
non-lethal scrap during the height of a Run, they would just
have to "take it outside". Protecting the Great Caern and
preserving it for the future generations of all tribes was para-
mount. The Garou of the day believed that the binding oaths
they swore would guarantee the achievement of that goal.

Although all tribes were granted access to the Great Caern,
this did not stop those who demanded the "honor" of protect-
ingit. Atfirst the Shadow Lords "volunteered" tobe the official
protectors. This brought the Get of Fenris into opposition.
They claimed it was their right to be the protectors of the Great
Caern. As these two tribes bickered and squabbled over
control, the North American tribes were continuing todwindle
innumbers. The Uktena argued that there could be no single
tribe protecting the Great Caern; it was the responsibility ofall
Garou. Although the very goal for which the different factions
strove prevented a blood bath on the bay, the conflict was
fierce. The conflict was so intense that many of the Garou
seemed to momentarily forget that there were humans to worry
about.

There was soon a booming city surrounding the Great
Caer. The Shadow Lords and the Get blamed each other for
letting the humans settle in such force. The uncomfortable
truth was, of course, that they had both been too preoccupied
with their petty rivalries to notice or give credence to what was
going on. Eventually, both the Get and the Shadow Lords had
to acknowledge that no one tribe could protect or control the
Great Caern. The Theurges of the Great Caern had the peace
they wanted, but it was too late. The humans had established
their city.

Siegfried

Siegfried, the current Prince of the Vancouver's Kindred,
arrived in the area during the early days of colonization. The
logging town of Granville represented only the faintest hint of
the greatness to come. After fleeing Europe with Julie Foster,
heslowly made his way across the continent to the West Coast.
The area around Granville wasa wilderness dotted with small
towns growing and dying at the whim of the human traders.
Using his immense powers of persuasion, Siegfried was able to

help set up a small community near the coast. He supplied it
with the capitol it needed to grow.

These early years were hard for the yet-to-be prince and his
undead lover. They were constantly on guard against the
lupines who roamed the forest. In fact, from early on, the two
powerful vampires protected their flock of humans from lupine
incursions as the beasts tried to stem the tide of European
expansion (at least, that's how Siegfried and the Kindred
remember it). With the coming of the railroad and British
Columbia's entrance into Confederation, Siegfried once again
used his influence over mortals to pick the site of what would
become the most influential city in the province, and he
encouraged its growth. Soon Vancouver expanded from its

original six blocks to encompass a large area. The traders and
explorers were the first to arrive, followed by miners and
farmers. Today the city of Vancouver is the third largest city
in Canada. Her population is growing at a rate which exceeds
any other city in the country.

It's important to understand the beginnings of Vancouver
in order to understand the passion Siegfried has for his city
Siegfried views himself as not only the prince of the city, but
also its founder. It was he who protected the humans from the
lupinesin the beginning. He financed the first local companies
and was largely responsible for making Vancouver into a city.
Siegfried sees himself not just as the prince of the city, but also
as its father and protector.

As Vancouver grew, other vampires found their way through
the wilderness to the new settlement. They were welcomed at
first, and there was no need for strict laws and their enforce-
ment. Siegfried was tired ofthe European princes, the Camarilla
and the political infighting of the Kindred. He had no real
desire to take power over the newly-arrived Cainites. Instead,
these vampires were free to wander throughout the new and
vibrant city without restriction, no longer fearing others of
their kind.

Of course, Siegfried couldn't help but notice an influx of
lupinesfrom the Old World. These werewolvesseemed strangely
protective of certain mortals. At the time, Siegfried only
incompletely understood how much significance Garou at-
tach to their Kinfolk. Siegfried and the other Kindred viewed
the increasing lupine population as something of a threat to

their own dominance of the city. Thus, new vampire immi-
grants were welcomed not just as fellow Kindred, but also as
reinforcements against the burgeoning "lupine threat".

Then the anarchs came.

There have always been those who disagree with the powers
that be. Vampires are no different. Anarchs from across the
continent started to show up at an alarming rate. Those who
fled from persecution in other cities heard of the "refuge in the
midst of the wilderness" that was Vancouver. With the steady
colonization of North America, and the rapid growth of fast
and efficient transportation, Siegfried's city was accessible to
all those who needed to come. Vancouver was no longer an
isolated place of refuge; it was becoming a place of political
infighting and constant struggle against the lupines. This was
just the kind of situation that Siegfried had left Europe to
escape. It was time for someone to take command.

Resources

The Garou were starting to solve their intertribal problems
by puttingastructure in place. The "Vancouver Compact" was
an important first step, but other problems were beginning to
arise. The Vancouverarea was one of incredibly rich resources.
This was one of the reasons the humans had come here in the
first place. The oceans and rivers were full of salmon and other
fish. Some of the tallest trees on the continent grew on the
mountain slopes. They were just waiting to be felled and
tumed into the masts of sailing ships or timber to feed the mills.

Chapter Two: History 41


There were also mineral resources to be mined. To the humans,
Vancouver wasacomucopia of wealth waiting to be exploited.

If the Garou had acted before the humans gained a real
foothold in the Vancouver area instead of bickering about who
would protect thecaern, they mighthave been able to limit the
stripping of the resources. (How this would have been accom-
plished without an outright war is remains debatable.) All of
the tribes were engaged in other matters. The Wendigo were
struggling to fight off the epidemics and decide how best todeal
with the newcomer Garou. The Tatlayoko, the Namu and the
Ceepeecee were, sad to say, hit too hard by the epidemics to
takeaction. The "immigrant" Garou were exploring theirnew
home, learning how to hunt the unfamiliar game and hassling
each other over territory. Conflicts were started over which
tribe would be dominant in the area. By the time things had
settled down among the Garou and everyone had agreed to the
Vancouver Compact, it was largely to stop human expansion.
More humans had come to the area, setting up mills, running
logging operations and digging mines (partially, at least, under
the influence of Siegfried and other Kindred). In only a couple
of decades, the European Garou were horrified to see a degree
of "resource rape" that had taken centuries to accomplish in
the Old World.

The Garou certainly didn't ignore this horrific tum of
events. The more militant tribes— the Black Furies, the Get
of Fenris and the Red Talons— declared war against those who
would rape the body of Gaia. Although they killed and
destroyed to the best of their considerable abilities, all they
really managed to do was spawn myths about "killer grizzlies",
"man-apes" and vengeful "Indian spirits". (Ah, the wonders of
the Delirium...).

Unfortunately for the Garou, there just weren't enough of
them to make a difference. They were too late. Relatively few
European Garou had decided to leave their beloved wilderness
long enough tosail to the Vancouver area, even to accompany
and protect their Kinfolk. They were vastly outnumbered, and
more humans just kept on coming. Ahrouns from various
tribes petitioned the Theurges to use the power of the Great
Caer to open a Moon Bridge to anywhere where there was a
significant Garou population. They pleaded for the chance to
recruit "holy warriors" to help them stem the human "inva-
sion". The Theurges rejected their petitions, refusing to let the
caern be used for something that was, at heart, an act of war.
Some Ahrouns, especially among the Red Talons, argued
forcefully the war was only against the humans; and therefore
this action was not forbidden under the Vancouver Compact.
The Theurges stood firm. The Pact held, even as the forces of
the Garou were increasingly threatened.

Meanwhile, the Garou who had chosen to remain in the
growing town were trying to do their share in decreasing the
humans' abuse of the environment. By applying financial and
personal pressure on key businesspeople, they hoped to gain
some measure of control. This was a long-term plan, however.
In the short term, itseemed to have no effect whatsoever. The
new bosses of Vancouver were the business equivalent of
robber barons, after all. The Glass Walkers' plans caused the

42

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

wildemess-dwelling Garou to view their town-based brethren
with even more disdain than they did previously.

These actions weren't lost on the Kindred of Vancouver.
The Cainites interpreted the Garou'sactionsas "typical" of the
"foul lupines". They simply continued the millennia-old
conflict between the two factions. Only a tiny minority of the
werewolves even knew, at this point, that Kindred were
involved. Although the Garou were actually more concerned
about the humans' actions, the Cainite's typical self-centered
viewpoint couldn't help but interpret the People's actions as
direct threats against their dominance and their very (un)lives.

The resource exploitation continued. Selective forestry
tured to clear-cut logging as the equipment and technology
became available. Those Garou who had come to Vancouver
for elbow-room and personal freedom dispersed throughout
the province of B.C., staying one step ahead of the loggers.
This wasn't difficult. B.C. is a big province, and even when
forestry was at its height, there weren't that many areas
undergoing active "harvesting". Those who were watching
over Kinfolk didn't have the option of moving too far from the
growing city. They just hunkered down among the mountains
of the North Shore Cypress, Seymour and Grouse. Some hid
slightly furtherafield, avoiding detection by the humansas best
theycould. Certainly, some firebrands still staged minor "raids"
against the encroaching humans, sometimes going so far as to
wipe out an entire small logging operation. The Delirium still
covered their actions, and the humans never "got the point".
They wrote off the occasional deaths as a simple consequence
of the hazardous business of logging. They also increased
security around logging camps to defend the men against the
predation of bears, wildcats and wolves (the animals they
blamed for some of the deaths). Most of the firebrands realized
they would never be able to do more than whittle down the
forces raping Gaia, but they decided that anything they could
do was worth doing. This situation stayed more or less stable
into the late 20th Century. As the logging town of Granville
grew into the metropolis of Vancouver, the resource exploita-
tion continued.

This exploitation was not totally unabated. The Glass
Walkers, as they were now known, were seeing some successes
with their business-based campaign to control the resource
exploitation. Disdaining the Red Talonsand other militants as
fools, the Glass Walkers used their business "clout" to attack
the problem from another direction. They influenced the city
council and the provincial government to bring in more
stringent controls on air and water pollution. Indirect as they
were, these government regulations and city bylaws had more
effect on limiting resource exploitation than anything the Red
Talons, Black Furies and the rest had ever done. One of the
most important reasons why the militant tribes so dislike the
Glass Walkers is that the Urrah have succeeded where the
"true Garou" have failed.

In the 1960s and 70s, the humans themselves started to
jump on the "environmental bandwagon" that the Glass
Walkers had been orchestrating from behind the scenes.
Popular pressure against logging put even more pressure on the

forestry companies, forcing them to cut back on logging
operations. In the late 1980s and early 90s, economic realities
have created a counter-pressure. Restrictions on logging have
forced many foresters out of work. They've responded by
lobbying the government to ease restrictions on loggingso they
can go back to work. The very influential forestry unions are
pushing the "jobs-before-trees" issue, putting the environmen-
tal lobbyists in the tough position of being seen to support
continued unemployment. Some of the Kindred are putting
their oars in as well, increasing the pressure to resume unre-
stricted logging. These Kindred see continued logging both as
a way of increasing their personal fortunes and a means for
controlling the "lupine problem".

The more perceptive Garou realize that this situation is very
unstable. The economy of B.C., and the whole of Canada, is
based on "primary" or resource-based industries. In other
words, money primarily comes from "cutting things down" or
"digging things up". They recognize that the region is nearing
a crisis: there just isn't that much left to dig up or cut down.
Eventually, the natural resources will run out. If they don't
totally run out, they'll still reach the point where it's no longer
economically viable to go after them. Before this point is
reached and B.C
province has to switch over to a "secondary" industry (mainly
based in manufacturing) or, better yet, tertiary or information-
based industries. Many of Vancouver's Glass Walkers are
working toward this goal. This angers the more anti-techno-
logical of the Garou, but the Glass Walkers accept this

's economy goes down the tubes for good the

animosity with fatalistic detachment. They recognize that
they can't pl
non-polluting tertiary industries are better than continued
resource exploitation.

The Prince's Laws

While the Garou were fighting to save Gaia, the more
influential Kindred had their own issues to contend with. In
the mid-1940s, Siegfried took the reins of power and declared
himself prince of the city. The Kindred who had lived in
Vancouver for any length of time supported him, agreeing to
help him enforce his laws. Siegfried and the other elder
vampires viewed Vancouver as something unique. They saw
the city as a refuge from political infighting and intrigue and
somehow. To accomplish this,

e everybody, but they strongly believe that

demanded thisbe maintained
Siegfried first promulgated a set of harsh laws to protect the
city:

1. No vampire will kill an inhabitant of the city. Kindred
must leave their victims alive. They must only drain what is

needed so that nosuspicion will arise. As Vancouver has
murders per year compared to any large American city, the
Canadian police forces are quite efficient when it comes to
dealing with murders. (The Mounties always get their man,

after all). For that reason, the prince decided this law

re there would be no risk to the Masquerade

needed to make s
by some careless visitor. At the start, this was enforced with

surprisingly harsh penalties. Vampires who broke this law were

Chapter Two: History 43


destroyed or forced to flee. Even today, this law is strictly
enforced. The Final Death waits for those who disobey.

2. No one will incite the Garou. Even before the creation
of the Covenant, it was strictly against the Prince's Laws to
attack or otherwise provoke the lupines. The Garou have a
distinct numerical superiority over the Kindred.

3. No conflict between Kindred will be tolerated within
city limits, nor will any feud be followed into Vancouver.
The enforcement of this law led to something of a blood-bath.
The anarchs fled the city and headed south to the contested
city of Seattle, This law was imposed not only because Siegfried
hadno tolerance for the infighting of vampiric society, but also
because both the prince and the powerful elders of Vancouver
worried that if the lupines discovered some type of vampire
conflict occurring in the city, the more violent factions of the
werewolves might take the opportunity to attack the city (a
sort of "together we stand, divided we fall" philosophy).

4. No meetings of clans or other vampiric organizations
will be held within Vancouver. It's actually surprising that
Siegfried has managed to keep this law enforced. The result of
this law is that there are no clan leaders in Vancouver, no
Camarilla representatives and no other established powers
(apart from the prince and his immediate supporters, ofcourse).
There are representatives of many clans inside Vancouver, but
these Kindred must forsake their clan hierarchy and obey the
only power in the city: Siegfried. The amount of grumbling
about this law from some of the clans is not surprising. While
all clans openly obey this law, it is rumored that some clans
have dared to hold secret meetings in the prince's city.

5. No Childer will be sired within Vancouver. Since it's
traditionally within the prince's discretion to allow or forbid
progeny to be created by others in his city, this law has stood
the test of time quite well. Siegfried's main reason for enforcing
this law is tostopanambitious vampire and her "relatives" from
forminga power blocand thus threatening his absolute control
of Vancouver.

These laws and the brutality with which they were enforced
led to Vancouver becoming a rare city in vampiric society.
Vancouver is ruled only by its prince. No help is need from the
other clans, and there is no open help from elders or the
Primogen. Siegfried's rule does not have the consent of the
Camarilla or the Sabbat. Vancouver is a city ruled by one
vampire, independent ofall other power structures. Vancouver
has prospered because of this political situation.

Safe Haven

Vancouver is a safe haven: a place where any Kindred can
go to escape the "vampiric rat race". They can avoid the
politics and infighting that all too often characterize Cainite
society. If a vampire is in trouble with the another city, the
Camarilla, or even the Sabbat, she can petition the Prince of
Vancouver for permission to stay in the city. She will be safe
from those who hunther. Anyone who pursuesa vendetta into
Vancouver is in violation of the Prince's Laws, and hence
potential prey fora Hunt. There's also Vancouver's "first line

of defense", the werewolves. There's no specific building or
select area of the city which is declared as an Elysium, as there
is in Chicago and elsewhere. The entire city is an Elysium.

Most vampire clans and organizations recognize the neu-
trality of Vancouver and respect it. Princes and powerful elders
around the world recognize Siegfried's rules. They realize that
they were once weak, and no one knows when an elder may be
forced to flee to another home. They can see what has
happened in the Anarch Free States and many elders realize
that even they can fall from power. Not only are other elder
vampires interested in Vancouver for its availability of as safe
house (as an absolute last resort), but also many have been
funneling their resources into the coastal city. Profit can be
quite high for one who invests in the growing city. Many
princes are also interested in Vancouver for an altogether
different reason: its unique peace with their ancient enemies.

There are several real reasons why Vancouver has been able
to remain its neutrality. Vancouver is secluded from the rest
of vampire society. To getto the city, one must brave hundreds
of miles of lupine-infested lands. With Garou on the lookout
for any creatures of the Wyrm, it is next to impossible for a
group of vampires to cross the land to get to the city. In areas
where groups cannot get through, single vampires are allowed
to pass. According to the treaty, only one vampire is allowed
topassatatime. If the Garou suspect thata group is attempting
toenterone by one, they might take action against the Kindred
they believe are part of the group. Vampires who make it to the
city are usually found immediately and brought to the prince
for questioning. This seclusion is the prince's first line of
defense against hostile take-overs from either the Camarilla or
the Sabbat.

Don't think that only the roads are dangerous for the
undead. Glass Walkers work in the airport as everything from
janitors to security guards and are constantly on the look-out.
By the wharves and marinas, Bone Gnawers can be found
sulking in the quiet shadows, pawing the left-overs from the
fishing boats and waiting for something or someone to enter
their domain.

Another reason for Vancouver's safety is the prince himself.
Princes either have autonomy or serve as puppets to the
powerful. No one appears to control Siegfried. His old,
powerful blood allows the prince an upper hand in most
combat situations, and being over a thousand years old usually
gives Siegfried the upper hand in knowledge and skill at
political manipulation. Further, there are few in the world who
know of Siegfried's actual power level. This almost assures that
anybody trying to attack the prince either physically or politi-
cally will have underestimated him.

The Sabbat are interested in Vancouver, but they will not
attempt a Crusade for some time. Their forces are too busy
combating the Camarilla to throw their resources into attack-
ing Vancouver. (Why would they attack a neutral city when
they could use the same resources directly against the Camarilla?)
The Camarilla is also too busy fighting both anarchs and the
Sabbat to think about attempting to bring the Canadian city
under its sway. There isn't enough of a problem to justify

44 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

sending a Justicar to the city. Not only would this create
tensionandenrage the Sabbat, but it could create conflicts that
the Camarilla are not yet willing to support. Also, Vancouver
seems on the surface to be a model city in maintaining the first
and most important of the traditions, the Masquerade. Among
the mainstream of Kindred society, the attitudes toward
Vancouver fairly consistent: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it".
There are much more important things to think about and
more "hot spots" of conflict on which to focus resources and
attention.

The Vancouver Covenant

When the Kindred population first started to grow in
Vancouver, there was conflict between the vampires and the
Garou. Predictably, the Garou considered the "Leeches" to be
"of the Wyrm", an enemy to be fought using every means
available. To the Kindred, the lupines are ancestral enemies,
an "infestation" that sullied an otherwise perfect environment
(one with lots of tourists and a taste-tantalizing smorgasbord of
different nationalities on which to feed).

For their own reasons, the Kindred decided that Vancouver
would be considered a "safe haven". It would be against the
Prince's Laws for one Kindred to kill another Kindred or a
Vessel. Feeding is fine; it's just killing that's anathema.
Predictably, it wasn't declared illegal to kill lupines. It probably
should have been; in peaceful Canada, any murder can draw
unwantedattention. The only thingthat prevented Vancouver
from being an idyllic escape from the "vampiric rat-tace" was
the conflict with the Garou.

As the Kindred established themselves in Vancouver, they
started to become business forces to be reckoned with. After
all, many had been around for centuries with all the wealth and
business acumen that implies. Several of the Vancouver vam-
pires had considerable influence over some major busines
around the city, including a couple of important forest compa-
nies. Richard Daly was another vital force in the Vancouver
business community. Daly was the leader of the Glass Walkers
anda vitally important figure in Garou Vancouver. He started
affecting Vancouver in the early seventies, and he soon
realized the consequences of his position. Daly was very rich
and an incredibly influential businessman, but he was mortal.
Atthe time, he'd had only twenty years of business experience
to hone his skills. When compared to some of the vampiric
eminences grises who were now influencing the forest compa-
nies, he was a babe in the woods, and he knew it.

=

He evaluated what this meant, and the conclusions chilled
him. The influence that Daly and his colleagues had over the
resource companies was coming to an end. No longer would
he be able to block wholesale clear-cutting of the old-growth
forests, if that's what the companies decided todo. Even worse,
if the vampires steering the boards of these companies decided
it was time to "settle the lupine question", the forestry and
other resource companies would prove excellent weapons in
their genocidal campaign. Daly could see that continued
confrontation with the Cadavers was too great a risk. If the

Chapter Two: History

Garou pushed the vampires too far, the consequences would be
ugly in the extreme.

The best option a "win-win" situation for all concerned
would be a non-aggression pact between the Garou and the
Kindred. The way he analyzed it, the benefits for each side were
as follows:

For the Garou:

1. The Vancouver Kindred could use their business influ-
ence to help keep the Wyrm out of the city.

2. The Kindred would restrain the resource companies to
some degree, at least.

3. The Kindred would give the Garou free passage through
the city, unhindered, to visit the Great Caern.

4. Furthermore, the Kindred through the forest companies
they controlled would fund reforestation programs to at least
partially correct the excesses of the past, in addition to a forest
fire prevention program.

For the Kindred:

1. The Garou would simply keep the peace and stop their
assault on the vampires of the city.

2. This in turn would bolster the reputation of the prince,
Siegfried, as a peace-maker among his own kind, since
Vancouver was now safer.

3. The Garou would help the prince monitor new vampiric
arrivals in the city and prevent an influx of anarchs from the
Free States ora challenge to his rule by members of the Sabbat.

4. To this end, the Garou would allow single vampires to
enter the city. They would arrive only by land, and the Garou
would make their best effort to stop groups of two or more from
crossing the city limits. They would also watch all "gateways"
tothe city, and report all vampiric immigrants or visitors to the
prince.

Inessence, this would bea beneficial deal for both factions...
if the more hot-headed members of both factions could be
made to realize it. Daly knew all too well that getting his own
kind to accept a deal of any kind with the Cadavers would be
an uphill battle. Yet he believed that this way, extending the
"peace treaty" of the Great Caern to the Kindred as well, some
control over the exploitation of the region's resources would be
maintained.

Surprisingly, Daly recognized thatselling this kind of deal to
the vampires would be easier than pitching it to his own
people. Through his business dealings, he had come into
contact with a particularly ancient and powerful vampire
known as Necross. The two had been on opposite sides of a
couple of tricky business deals. Although they had reasons for
animosity, they actually had earned each other's grudging
respect. Therefore, Daly presented his ideas to Necross con-
ceming a deal between Garou and Kindred the Vancouver
Covenant.

Necrosssaw the proposal's value to the Kindred at once, and
knew exactly how best to sell it to Siegfried. He tentatively
gave hisagreement to putting the deal inplace...aslongas Daly
could bring his own people to the bargaining table. If Necross
persuaded Siegfried to accept the deal in principle and the

45


lupines reneged, Siegfried's ego would force him to go to war
against the lupines. Was Daly willing to accept this risk? If he
was, then Necross would approach the prince.

Daly recognized the risks, but decided that they had to be
taken. He also recognized that there would be blizzards in hell
the day that the assembled tribes would accept a scheme put
forward by a Glass Walker that proposed peace and coopera-
tion with vampires. The Shadow Lords would vote against it
on principle, just because it was suggested by a Glass Walker.
The Red Talonsand the other militants would decry the whole
thing as "trafficking with the enemy". The Leeches were "of
the Wyrm", afterall, and they wouldn't trustany Glass Walker
enough to listen to the cogent reasons in favor of such a deal.

Daly knew the proposition was doomed no matter how good
it was, especially if it were seen to have come from him. If the
proposal were to have any chance at all, it would have to be
presented to the assembled tribes by someone they trusted.
Thespokesperson would have tobe froma tribe more reputable
than the Glass Walkers.

After some thought, he turned to Montgomery Abercorn,
leader of the local Silver Fangs. Abercorn was, strictly speak-
ing, only the leader of his own tribe in the area around
Vancouver. Still, all the Silver Fangs in southwestern B.C. and
northwestern Washington considered him their "spiritual"
leader. They attached great significance to everything he said.
The two Garou always had a cordial, if cool, relationship, but
Daly figured he had eamed enough respect for Abercorn to at
least hear him out. The aging Silver Fang quickly saw the

46

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

benefits that the Covenant would bring to the Garou as a
whole and agreed to present the proposal as his own at the next
Concolation.

In September of 1971, Montgomery Abercorn raised the
topic with the assembled tribes ata Grand Moot. The response
was largely what Daly and Abercom had both expected. There
was outrage from the more militant tribes, and an outright
refusal to consider it from the Shadow Lords (They were, of
course, maneuvering to "position" themselvesas the dominant
tribe in place of the Silver Fangs). Abercorn was ready with
points to counter each argument that anyone threw his way.
Both the Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers stayed out of the
discussion, knowingall too well that if either tribe spoke for the
proposal, it might as well be declared dead then and there.
Even without their support, backing for Abercom's sugges-
tions started to line up. Elders from the Stargazers and the
Silent Striders spoke up, stressing again the very real benefits
that the Garou as a whole would see from the deal. A pair of
Philodoxes from the Children of Gaia spoke eloquently in
favor of the plan, stressing that peace and amity was the nature
of the Great Caer, and thus should be in the mind of any
Garou who worshipped there.

The final and mosttellingpoint came froma most surprising
source. An aging Ragabash of the Black Furies named
Stoneheart posed an unusual idea. She asked the assembled
tribes, "Which is it that we should fight, the Leeches or the
Wyrm itself?" She went on to argue that the Garou's key foe
was the Wyrm, which would rape and corrupt Gaia. Any ally


that will help, toany degree, in this battle would bea friend, not
afoe. That included the Leeches... Several other Ragabashes
picked up on the irony of this point using the cadavers'
influence to slow the spread of the Wyrm's blight and threw
their support behind Abercom as well.

The Concolation was suspended so that individual tribes
could take the time to discuss the matter privately. In reality,
the decision wasa foregone conclusion. When the Concolation
recommenced one month later under an October harvest
moon, the final vote was held. Almost three-quarters of the
Garou, a surprisingly large majority, supported the deal with
the Kindred. Three weeks later, Montgomery Abercorn and
his "advisor", Roger Daly, signed the Covenant with Siegfried,
the Prince of Vancouver.

Advitions to the Compact

At the same time, the wisest among the Vancouver Garou
realized there was one more group with which they needed to
make something of a truce the humans. Even without taking
the Kindred into account, Garou activism against the forestry
and resource companies based in the city was having an
unexpected result. Security was on the rise at corporate facili-
ties throughout the Vancouver region. While this increase
wasn't having any significant effect on Garou, several tribal
leaders realized thata continued increase would have an effect.

Considering the size of Stanley Park, it was easy for the
Garou to forget for a while that the Great Caern was in the
heart of a major city. If the Garou weren't in the mood for a
long, grueling swim, the only access to the park and the caern
was either across one bridge or across the narrow isthmus
connecting the peninsula to the downtown core. If the level
of security and paranoia in the city increased, it would grow
simply too difficult and inconvenient to get to the Great
Caern. Increased security would probably include some kind
of surveillance in the park itself. The park would be a great
staging area for would-be terrorists, after all. This surveillance
would lead to pressure on the Veil. More people would
encounter Garou. While the vast majority of people would
experience the Delirium and interpret their experiences as
anything but what they actually were, the Garou know that
there are some people and some agents of the Wyrm whoaren't
affected by the Delirium. The more the Veil is tested, the more
of people will suspect what is actually going on in Stanley Park.

They came to the conclusion that the Veil, the continued
existence of the Garou and the lupine's stewardship of Gaia
would best be served by minimizing attacks on human busi-
nesses and individuals within the city. Certainly, in the short
term, a full-fledged raid on a forestry company headquarters
might prevent another wooded hillside from being clear-cut.
In the long run, however, the humans' response to such a raid
might eventually deny the Garou access to the Great Caern.
This could perhaps lead to a genocidal war that would destroy
them forever. Some degree of peace would also allow the Glass
Walker businesspeople to exert more influence over the re-
source companies. After all, it's difficult to influence the

activities of a company if it's fighting for its continued exist-
ence.

All in all, the Garou leaders realized, some degree of peace
with the humans, orat least a minimization of direct hostilities
within the city limits, would be of serious benefit to them.
Indirectly, it would benefit Gaia herself. This proposal was
presented to the assembled tribes at a Concolation.

There was resistance to the proposition, largely from the
Black Furies and the Red Talons. Other groups might have
been outraged at any other time, but this meeting took place
right after the signing of the Vancouver Covenant with the
vampires. Benefits of that deal were already starting to be felt.
Surprisingly, a great many of the Garou seemed ready for
agreement. The new precepts outlawing direct action against
humans (except in self-defense or during a Run within Stanley
Park) were incorporated as part of the Compact that declared
Vancouver and the Great Caer open territory.

Pentex

Inthe late 1970sand early 80s, it looked as though Vancouver
was beginning toswitch to tertiary industries. Quitea few high-
technology companies began to move into the Vancouver
area, so many that the media started calling the region "Silicon
Valley North". Unfortunately, a number of these companies
were owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the multi-
national Pentex Inc. Several Pentex-dominated high-tech
firms began to actively damage the environment. While high-
tech concerns like software developers are environmentally
benign, other associated industries, such as hardware manufac-
turers, can cause environmental damage. For example, certain
chemicals used in printed circuit board manufacture can be
highly toxic if released untreated into the environment. Of
course, the Pentex-dominated companies "never got around"
to putting the necessary treatments in place.

Other Pentex subsidiaries began to work on projects that
wouldn't harm B.C. directly, but would be used to further the
Wyrm's ends elsewhere. For example, one company under
Pentex's control shipped uranium from Saskatchewan and
manufactured the depleted-uranium penetrators for high-tech
tank guns. Another assembled the computerized guidance
packages for cruise missiles.

Still others maneuvered to gain control of the land that
would, in the mid-80s, become the Expo Site (see Chapter
One for more details on this environmental debacle). These
executives fought to tum it intoa Wyrmhole. Throughout the
early 80s, Pentex slipped its tentacles of corruption into many
aspects of Vancouver business and industry.

In 1984, the Vancouver Garou first realized how much the
Wyrm had infiltrated the region. Typically, it was the Glass
Walkers who first discerned the controlling influence of Pentex.
Garou from other tribes had noted that certain high-tech
outfits were individually guilty of "crimes against the environ-
ment". The PCB manufacturer that released untreated
chemicals into the groundwater of Vancouver is one example.
Ir took individuals who understood the human business com-

Chapter Two: History 47


munity, and who were part of it, to realize that these apparently
unrelated incidents were connected after all. They used a
technique that would be familiar to any trained corporate
lawyer anywhere in the world, a stratagem that would never
occur to a forest-dwelling Garou: "follow the money". Daly
and his compatriots painstakingly traced the connections
behind the firm. To their surprise, they discovered that very
few managers of these firms knew ofany connection to Pentex.
Those few who did were all directly influenced by the Wyrm,
even Bane-ridden in some cases. These key "corrupted" man-
agersall received their orders through asingle "communication

nexus" an outfit called Liston Industries.

Liston was officially an electronics manufacturer based in
West Vancouver, with a research & development lab and an
office block on the lower slopes of Cypress Bowl. Through

various channels, Daly had discovered that security around the
derable.... compared to the capabilities of hu-

mans, that is. Apparently, the managers of Liston hadn't

site

cons

expected concerted action by more than a couple of Garou.
Dalyand the Glass Walkers had defined the capabilitiesand
limitations of their foe. That was how they'd started to view
Liston Industries. This was not just corporate rivalry, it was
war. Now that the research phase was over and action was
imminent, itwastime to involve the other tribes. Ataspecially
called Concolation, fires burned almost throughout the night
at Lumberman's Arch. Daly and the senior Glass Walkers laid

out what they knew about Liston. In the spirit of the Great

Caem and the Vancouver Compact, they called upon the
other tribes to cooperate in eliminating the Wyrm-dominated
company once and for all.

Even though many Garou automatically disbelieved any-
thing the Glass Walkers proposed, Daly received backing from
an unexpected direction. Both the Silent Striders and the
Silver Fangs threw their support behind Daly's proposal. This
was enough to shift the outcome of the Concolation. The
Black Furies and the Red Talons didn't need much persuading.
Once five tribes were on the side of the Glass Walkers, the rest
fell into line. In the greatest show of unanimity ever displayed
ata Vancouver Concolation, all tribes agreed to a multi-tribe
raid on the Liston facilities.

Although the decision to stage a cooperative raid was the
sions almost led to

key issue, a couple of subordinate dec
intertribal war right then and there, regardless of the Great
Caem. Chief among these was the decision of who would lead
the raid. The more militant tribes were more experienced at
staging attacks on human facilities, and they agreed that there
had to beasingle raid leader. From which tribe should he or she
come? The wrangling over this point alone went on for hours,

until somebody, in desperation, suggested that Richard Daly
himself should be raid leader. When this was put to the vote,
selected

nobody was more surprised than Daly himself. He wa
as an acceptable compromise candidate by the slimmest of
majorities.

More a manager at heart than a warrior, Daly polled the
most renowned warriors of each tribe before he formulated his

48 Dark Alliance: Vancouver


plan. The raid, comprising almost two dozen Garou, repre-
sented all the tribes.

The raid was staged at midnight when the full moon rode
high in the sky. It was a total success. When the sun rose the
next morning, nothing was left of the Liston facilities but
smoking wreckage. Most of the employees unlucky enough to
be on-site during the raid were found wandering the grounds,
apparently shell-shocked. There had been a few managers
present, but none of these individuals were ever found, dead or
alive. As far as the human authorities were concerned, they
had just vanished.

The human survivors of the raid told confused stories about
"terrorists" wearing heavy fur coats of some kind. These
obviously covered body armor, considering the way that bul-
lets didn't seem to stop them. The authorities concluded that
the raid was the work of some anti-technology group, probably
aband of eco-terrorists who thought that Liston Industries was
somehow poisoning the environment. (The idea that few eco-
terrorists would wear fur coats didn't seem to occur to anyone.
Ifitdid, it was suppressed immediately.) The Vancouver police
and the RCMP waited several weeks for some group to claim
responsibility for the "sabotage", but nobody did. Under the
influence of the Delirium, the incident was soon forgotten.

Vancouver is known for its insightful media coverage of
business. It's particularly surprising, then, that no reporter
brought to light the surprising spate of business failures that
occurred after the destruction of Liston Industries. A specialty
metal fabrication plant, a microcircuitry design house, amanu-
facturer of printed circuit boardsand several other organizations
either officially closed shop or just faded into obscurity within
a period of about a month. Though the humans never under-
stood the connection, the Garou did. They knew that they had
effectively forced Pentex out of Vancouver.

To this day, there's no significant Pentex presence in the
city. The multinational corporation has tried to establish
footholds again through subsidiaries and holding companies.
Daly and his executive assistants are always on the lookout. So
far, Daly and his fellow senior Glass Walkers have been able to
block these moves through business means, but the day may
soon come when direct action is needed again.

Once You're Out of the
Rat Race...

All Kindred who petition the prince for entrance and agree
to obey the laws are welcome to stay in the Vancouver. In the
(somewhat oppressive) peace of Vancouver, one can find the
most unusual of vampires. There are elders who look down
upon the city from their penthouse suites with their ghouls and
herds of human cattle; there are infamous anarchs licking the
wounds they suffered in epic fights hundreds of miles away. It's
also said that the Inconnu favor Vancouver and British Co-
lumbia asa place to rest, a place away from the majority of the
vampiric race.

Once in the city, there are many things for Kindred to do.
Over one million tourists travel through Vancouver each year,
and it's these people who provide the ‘exotic' blood for which
Vancouver is famous. The clubs and night-life of Vancouver
are just as active as any city in the United States, and the art
galleries and museums sport some unique native art for the
inquisitive Toreador. For those who wish to see a bit of the
otherside, a vampire only has to travela short distance in order
to catch a glimpse of the ancient enemy, the Garou. Kindred
are advised to take a Gangrel guide along on any excursion into
the wilderness. The woods are safe for now, but the peace in
Vancouver may not last forever...

Chapter Two: History



Political Overview
By nature, Garou are very social creatures.

Their social

nature dominates the politics of their race, which are quite

different from the dry, detached and cerebral machinations of
the Kindred. Political conflict is more personal, driven by
emotions rather than by intellectual factors. Politics liesat the
heart of every society, even within societies of the Garou. This
is especially true in Vancouver. Some Garou thinkers believe
that proximity to the Kindred and the inte
from the Covenant has led to the Garou adopting more of the

action resulting

Machiavellian outlook of the leeches than is, perhaps, healthy.
Conversely, certain Kindred point to Siegfried's "one Kindred
rule" as an "alpha male" behavior learned from the Garou.
Predictably, the political situation in Vancouver and the
rest of British Colombia is different from the situation virtually
anywhere else in the world. This is largely the result of one
cause: the Vancouver Compact defines the Great Caern as
belonging toall Garou equally. All tribes are guaranteed equal
access to it. Members of all the tribes want to be close to
Vancouver, either because they're watching closely over Kin-
folk or because they want to be as near as possible to the power
of the caern. This means that individuals with very different
backgrounds and outlooks will be rubbing shoulders in a
relatively restricted area. The archetypal Garou response to
Since the
Compact outlaws direct combat, the Garou must often deal

this situation would be physical confrontation.

with problems by other means. The political structure of the

Garou in British Colombia provides this solution.

Within Dancouver

The social climate within Greater Vancouver is strictly

defined by the Compact. This entire area is "open territory".

There are no restrictions on travel or occupancy. Garou of any

tribe can travel and live wherever they want without interfer-
ence from others. Within Greater Vancouver, there are none
of the Protectorates that dominate the rest of British Colum-
bia. In effect, the whole of the Lower Mainland is a single
Protectorate overseen by the Sept of the Great Caern. All the
members of all tribes in the area belong to this one huge sept

Officially, all the tribes work within one sept. Unofficially,
there are parts of Greater Vancouver that are dominated by

different tribes and septs. For instance, the mountain slopes

just below Cypress Bowl are the home of the Bountiful Mother
Sept of the Children of Gaia. While there's no official prohi-
bition against other tribes entering the region, an "interloper"
can expecta cold welcome at best. Similarly, the region on the
northem slope of Grouse Mountain, up toward the Lions, is
dominated by the Valkyrie Sept of the Black Furies. A bold
enough member of another tribe could presumably stroll into
either area and demand hospitality on the basis of the Com-
pact. That hospitality would be grudging at best. The result is

the de facto establishment of "pseudo-protectorates" within

Greater Vancouver.

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 51


The Compact dictates that no single tribe, sept or indi-
vidual has control over the Great Caer or authority over all
Garouin Greater Vancouver. Transgressions against the Com-
pact are brought before a Council of Representatives. One
Garou from each of the tribes will participate in this council at
amoot. This Council has the authority to enforce any degree
of justice against any Garou who has acted against the Com-
pact. Although there are some restrictions on the Council's
authority, they are empowered to deliver punishment up to
and including The Hunt, and may even call upon the punish-
ment of Gaia's Vengeful Teeth. This judgment represents
condemnation from the Thirteen Tribes as a whole; there isno
Garou equivalent to the Kindred Prince of Vancouver.

Theoretically, all tribes should be equal within the council.
However, in any group, regardless of whether an official leader
is named, there will always be an unofficial leader of some kind.
There is always someone to whom people will consciously or
unconsciously defer. In the case of Vancouver, this unofficial
leadership has fallen upon the Forest Ghosts Sept of the Silver
Fangsand the leadership of Montgomery Abercorn. There are
two reasons for this. The Silver Fangs are still seen as the
noblest and most prestigious tribe among the Garou. This is
despite the growing evidence that their bloodline is somewhat
tainted and the ongoing attempts by some Shadow Lords to
undermine this authority. Ona more personal level, Abercorn
himself is seen as the architect of the Covenant with the
Kindred. He is perceived asa visionary leader who halted the
expansion of the Wyrm's corruption. Abercorn sits on the
Council of Representatives, where he's considered more or less
to be the "elder statesman". He is the de facto leader of all
Garou in Greater Vancouver, even though officially he has no
authority beyond his own tribe.

There are those who resist Abercorn's unofficial leadership.
Some Wendigo are bitter that this "colonial, who is a descen-
dent of colonials" has more authority than they do in what they
still consider "their" land. This opposition doesn't extend to
the leaders of the Wendigo, but the young members are quite
open about their resentment. Some Shadow Lords also resent
Abercor's influence. This largely the result of jealousy: they
would like to see themselves in the position of power and
prestige held by the Silver Fangs. Despite this opposition, the
Shadow Lords who know Abercom personally respect and
even like him.

This unofficial leadership has existed since the time the
Covenant was signed. Coupled with the existence of the
Council of Representatives, this situation has led toa degree of
stability unusual for the fractious Garou. That stability may be
coming to an end. Political and social changes within Garou
society are putting extreme pressures on conventions and
individuals alike. Over the past year or so, circumstances have
come about that are bringing the Garou closer to outright war
with the humans. Such a war would cost the Garou dearly.
Perhaps they would share the fate of the "lost septs", following
them into extinction.

The Counal of Representatives

Normally, Garou justice is meted out by individual tribes. A
Garou who goes against the Ways or acts inappropriately is
usually subject to the authority of the leadership of the tribe. In
fact, the degree to which a tribe acts against those who break
the laws, and the punishment that would result, can differ
greatly from tribe to tribe.

Within Vancouver, there are special problems. Officially,
there are no tribal "jurisdictions" or Protectorates within the
Lower Mainland. The standard model of Garou justice falls
apart. Furthermore, there is a body of rules that is equally
binding on all tribes, septs and individuals within Greater
Vancouver. Everyone must obey the precepts of the Compact
and the Covenant. Obviously, it wouldn't do to leave the
enforcement of these precepts up to individual tribes. It's
possible for an entire tribe to be in contravention of them.

Asa hypothetical example, suppose the Black Furies staged
a raid downtown on the offices of Macmann & Blundel, a
major forestry company indirectly controlled by the Kindred.
If this happened, it would be a flagrant violation of the
Covenant. Who, according to the standard Garou system of
justice, has jurisdiction over this offense, considering that
downtown Vancouver is part of no Protectorate or territory?

It was Montgomery Abercorn who proposed the solution,
although some cynics believe the suggestion actually came
from Roger Daly. A Judiciary Council was established with
representatives from all the Garou tribes. The tribes accepted
his proposal and nominated Abercorn himself to chair the
Council. This was in the heady days after the signing of the
Covenant. Abercorn seemed to want to refuse the nomina-
tion, but public pressure was too great, and he eventually
bowed before it.

Each tribe nominates one representative to sit on the
Council. There's no official "term of office". No limitations or
guidelines constrain how representatives are picked. Each
tribe can use whatever method of selection it likes. Methods
range from secret ballot (among the Glass Walkers) to per-
sonal combat (as with the Get of Fenris). A tribe can replace
itsrepresentative at any time. The only restrictions are that the
chair of the Council must be selected by a vote of all the
representatives, and any change must be approved by a two-
thirds majority. (That's exactly why Montgomery Abercom
remains in the chair, even though many tribes would like tosee
him replaced. The problem is that two-thirds of the represen-
tatives can't agree on a replacement...)

Officially speaking, the Council of Representatives has
unlimited authority. Ifa majority of the representatives agreed,
the Council could theoretically call a Hunt against an entire
sept or even an entire tribe. How the Council would enforce
such a decision is another problem. The Vancouver Council
of Representatives has no "Silver Pack" to enforce its will. The
implementation of its rulings depends on the cooperation of
the tribes.

Ifa Council decision is brought down against an individual,
and the representative from the guilty party's tribe were to vote

52 Dark Alliance: Vancouver


in favor of the decision, then the issue could be dealt with
through tribal means. The procedures for tribal justice have
been used for centuries. What if the representative from the
same tribe as the criminal votes against discipline? Forexample,
suppose an Uktena is brought before the Council for some
infraction. The Uktena representative on the Council could
vote against disciplinary action, even if the majority decision
of the Council is in favor of such action. What would happen
next?

In general, the tribe or sept of the wrongdoer will bow to the
will of the council and enforce the appropriate punishment.
Theoretically, the tribe would be within its rites to disregard
the ruling. The Council would have the option of calling a
Hunt against the tribe that refused to obey. Realistically, the
Council would never do that. A Hunt called against an entire
tribe, or even an entire sept, would lead to outright war among
Garou. The tribes realize this, of course. Each tribe has to have
an incentive to follow the rulings of the Council. The tribes
know that refusing to follow a Council directive would cau:
the whole system to collapse. That would harm the intere
of every Garou in the region.

sts

The Council of Representatives havea system that basically
works. Ithaskept the Compactand the Covenantin place, and
most Garou admit that both agreements benefit both them-
selves and Gaia. Without the Compact, there would be too
much rivalry between tribes and septs, and more direct action
against the humans in Vancouver. Both would putexceptional
strain on the Veil, and might eventually lead to decreased
access to the Great Caern, something no Garou wants to
contemplate. Without the Covenant, the Garou would be
locked in a damaging war with the cadavers. They would lose
one of their great "levers" for applying control over the
resource companies.

The Garou had to admit that the system based around the
Council of Representatives was a beneficial one. Going
against the edicts of the Council would put an end to that
system. It's this understanding that allows the Council to mete
out justice.

The Council realizes this, and this realization tempers their
every judgment. If they ever let their power "go to their heads'
they know that the tribes would turn away from the Counc!
the Compact and the Covenant. This strange, knife-edge
balance of power represents checks and balances on both sides.
There is equality between the tribes and the council itself. It
has worked well for more than two decades. Unfortunately,
issues are coming to a head which may put an end to this
balance.

Currently, the tribal representatives on the Council are:
Black Furies — Olga Norquist

Bone Gnawers — Isaac

Children of Gaia — Nelson Chang

Fianna — Brendan Dooley

Get of Fenris — Stefan Ewald

Glass Walkers — Roger Daly

Red Talons —Looksfar

Shadow Lords — Lukasz Kawecki

Silent Striders — Cathy Saynesbury

Silver Fangs — Montgomery Abercorn

Stargazers — Jacques Lapointe

Uktena — Coros

Wendigo — Jim George

All these individuals are discussed in the respective tribal
descriptions.

Garou rotectorates

Outside the city, the Garou follow the same system of
Protectorates as almost everywhere else in the world. Accord-
ing to the usage of the British Columbia Garou, a Protectorate
is a territory controlled by a sept or affiliation of septs. Theo-
retically, such an affiliation can comprise members of different
tribes. In practice, however, each contains only one tribe.
Thus, in B.C. a Protectorate isan area under the protectionand
control of a single tribe.

In B.C., as in most of Canada, the majority of the human
population is concentrated within two hundred miles or so of
the U.S. boundary. Major Garou Protectorates follow the
opposite pattern. The most significant and populous Protec-
toratesare in the interiorand northem portions of the province,
where the human population is lower. There are still Protec-
torates near the international boundary. Their main purpose
isto "keep an eye" on the humans and make sure they don't do
anything particularly damaging to the environment or other
Garou interests. These southern Protectorates are generally
smaller than those in the interior and in the north, and most
are closer together. In the north, two distinct Protectorates
might officially claim the same turf and yet never have any
conflict over it. Disputed territory is often so far from actual
Garou habitation that there's nobody in the area to fight over
the dispute. Not so in the south. Protectorate boundaries
actually mean something, and members of rival Protectorates
may sometimes find themselves glaring at each other across a
strictly defined border.

This leads to considerably more "border skirmishes" and
other conflicts in the south than in the north. Rivalries are
strong near the international boundary, and they often lead to
violence, particularly when two particularly militant tribes
share a Protectorate border.

Garou throughout the Pacific Northwest know about the
Great Caern in Stanley Park. In fact, "pilgrimages" to the site
of power are quite common among Garou youths just past their
Firsting and initiation. They also know about the Compact
and the Covenant, although they might not know all the
details or understand all the consequences. This can lead to
misunderstandings.

Let's say, for example, that Macmann & Blundel were to
start clear-cut logging operations near Bella Bella on the
Pacific Coast. The area is part ofa large Wendigo Protectorate.
There aren't many Wendigo in the region, and certainly not
enough to stop this blatant abuse of Gaia. They would have to

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 53


communicate with the more numerous Wendigo in the vicin-
ity of Vancouver, asking them tostop the problem at its source.
Obviously, a direct attack against the headquarters of M&B is
blatantly against the Compact. The Vancouver-based Wendigo
would regretfully inform their northern cousins that it's just
not going to happen. (Incidentally, such an attack would be
against the Covenant as well, since M&B is a Kindred influ-
enced company). Even if the Vancouver Garou explain why,
the northern Wendigo will probably not understand the
nuances. They would consider the Vancouver Garou to be
inexplicably "soft" on the Wyrm.

The Tribes

In total, there are over 360 Garou in B.C. The Garou have
only a vague approximation of their numbers, mainly because
there is no method of organizing a census. Of these Lupines,
perhaps 161 live within 20 miles or so of Greater Vancouver's
boundaries. No more than 54 Bone Gnawers and Glass
Walkers actually live inside the city limits.

The following sections discuss the different tribes, with an
emphasis on those members who live in or near Greater

Vancouver.

A Mote on Character Crait Listings

In the following Trait listings for each character, some
Attribute scores have extra numbers in parentheses. These
represent the adjusted scor
forms. The listing is as follows: Homid (Glabro/Crinos/Hispo/
Lupus). This listing is the same for all breeds.

Black Furies

This militantly aggressive tribe is very displeased with the
strictures of the Compactand Covenant. The realization that
outright war with the hétmans,(and the cadavers) would deny
them access to the power and spirituality of the Great Caern
holds them back fromunilaterally starnifig'a major conflict. As
is common throughout the world) the vast majority of Black
Furies are women. Very feware male or metis.

Numbers

There are a total of 20 of so Black Furies throughout B.C.
About five live near to the Greater Vancouver area

Location
There are two main concentrations of Black Furies in B.C.

Fifteen of them belong to the Gaia's Justice Sept. They patrol
the Wells Gray Protectorate, which includes the area of the

for the various shapeshifting

Wells Gray Provincial Park in the Columbia Mountains.
Several forestry companies have been lobbying the govern-
ment to let them log portions of the park. The Gaia's Justice
sept is just waiting for the fools to try it...

Another sept, the Valkyries, lives on the northern slopes of
Grouse Mountain, only acouple of miles from West Vancouver.
This group, numbering only about five, is largely Norse by

descent. (This isn't characteristic of the Furies, but justa result

of chance.)

Relationship With Other Cribes

The Black Furies traditionally prefer "direct" solutions to

any problem, particularly if it involves damage to Gaia. In this,
they share the same point of view as many Red Talons,
believing that the Covenant and the modified Compact are
both bad ideas. This doesn't mean the two tribes see eye to eye.
They might agree that the strictures are bad ideas, but they
certainly don't agree on exactly what should be done to rectify
the situation.

The B.C. Black Furies tend to distrust the more intellectual,
contemplative tribes like the Stargazers and the Silent Strid-
ers. Over-intellectualization has caused the present mess, they
believe, andonly action can rectify it. The tribe is about evenly
split over whether they support the Shadow Lords or the Silver
Fangs as the "leaders" of Garou society.

Olga Norquist

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1,
Melee 4, Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Survival 4, Politis 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Past Life |

Gifts: (1) Smell of Man, Razor Claws, Heightened Senses,
Inspiration, Sense Wyrm; (2) Staredown, Curse of Aeolus; (3)
Coup de Grace; (4) Clenched Jaw

Rage 6, Gnosis 2, Willpower 5
Rank: 4

54 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Fetishes: Small Klaive

Image: In her Homid form, Olga Norquist is a large,
powerful woman appearing to be inher late 30s. Actually, she's
adecade older than she looks. She stands about six feet tall and
weighs close to 180 pounds, but there's not an ounce of
(inappropriate) fat on her body. Her muscle tone is perfect.
Olga has long, straight blonde hair that she usually ties back in
arough ponytail. Her face has an austere, Nordic beauty to it.
When she smiles (which is very rare) she's incredibly attrac-
tive. Olga is very intimidating to the average human male,
largely because she could break the average man in two. That
doesn't worry her. She considers human males to be weak and
unworthy, preferring to seek sexual partners from among the
wolves who still prowl the forests of British Columbia.

Roleplaying Notes: Determined and self-assured, with a
very strong personality. Olga is a good leader, dedicated to
protecting the sept and preserving Gaia. She's not well-
educated in the classical sense, norisshe particularly intelligent,
but she has a personal drive that encourages others to follow
her lead.

Background: Olga was born to a rich family living in the
British Properties of West Vancouver. She Firsted early, scar-
ing the living hell out of her parents. When the members of her
tribe "extracted" her from her home, her parents spent hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars trying to track the "criminals" who
had kidnapped their daughter. In the intervening years, Olga
hasneverreturned home, norhasshe told herparents that she's
still alive. Her mother died several years ago, but her father still
continues his fruitless search. It's a telling comment on Olga
that her father's grief apparently means nothing to her.

How she became the leader of the Furies contingent of the
Septofthe Great Caer issomething ofa mystery to her, aswell
as to others. Olga is not the most powerful of the Black Furies,
but she is possibly the most passionate. That passion is what
has given her power. Unlike the younger lupines of her tribe,
Olga and some of the elder Furies see the wisdom of the
Compact and strive to maintain it. Recently, there have been
rumors that one of the Furies is going to challenge her for
leadership over this issue. Whether or not this is true has yet
to be seen.

@one Gnawers

Despised by almost all other tribes, the Bone Gnawers of

B.C. eke out a rathergg6rdids existéfice on the streets of

Vancouver. As a group, the Gnawers appreciate having the
Covenantand the @émpact in place. Both ayreements make
it easier for thet tomaintain their lifestyle with aminimum of
conflict. (They also secretly'appreciate how infuriated some of
the more arrogant tribes are about having to abide by the
agreements' strictures.)

Numbers

There are about 30 Bone Gnawers spread throughout
Vancouver. Another dozen or so live on the streets of other

cities throughout B.C., including Kelowna, Kamloops, Prince
George and Prince Rupurt.

Location

Only in Vancouver are there enough Bone Gnawers to
qualify as anything more than a pack. Within the city, the
humorously-named Underdogs Sept meets on a casual, irregu-
lar basis, usually in some vacant lot or a condemned building
in the East End. The Bone Gnawers have the unofficial task of

guarding the marinas of Vancouver and watching them for
intrusions of the Wyrm.

Relationship With Other Cribes

Predictably, the Bone Gnawers get on reasonably well only
s Walkers. Most other tribes distrust them, based
on generations-old, knee-jerk prejudice. Even tribes less given
to thoughtless judgments have very little patience with the
Gnawers. The more arrogant tribes like the Shadow Lords hate
the Gnawers with a passion, and some would love to see the
tribe's name stricken from the records of "true" Garou.

Like the Glass Walkers, some of the Gnawers claim that
they're scouring the city for the "lost caerns" that vanished

with the Gle

under the spreading metropolis. To outsiders, it doesn't look as
though they're doing anything substantive toward that goal.
(If a Gnawer were ever to announce finding such a caern, few
would believe him anyway.)

All in all, with some notable exceptions, all other Garou
trust the Gnawers about as far as they can spit a rat.

Jsaac
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1//1/1),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 55

a

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 4,
Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 5, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Leader-
ship 4, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Investigation 2, Occult 2, Politics 2,
Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Mindspeak, Scent of Sweet Honey,
Sense Wyrm; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Distractions, Dreamspeak,
Odious Aroma; (3) Gift of the Termite; (4) Infest

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Rank: 4

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Voice of the Jackal, Rite of
Passage

Fetishes: none

Image: Actually in his mid-40s, Isaac looks more than a
decade older, worn down by the weight of the world. He'sa tall
man with broad shoulders, but his stooped posture conceals his
true size. His thinning, gray hair is usually matted with
substances it's best not to think about, and his salt-and-pepper
beard looks as though it could support a sizable population of
rodents. He dresses in whatever he can find discarded in
garbage cans. Isaac will be wearing a different outfit every time
he'sseen. It might bea tattered suit, ora naval greatcoat or just
five or six T-shirts anda pair of ragged jeans. Allinall, he looks
like hell and smells worse.

Roleplaying Notes: Patient, quiet and thoughtful, with a
sense of barely repressed energy.

Background: Isaac was literally born on the street. Forty
years ago, a cop found a squealing baby a handful of days old in
a dumpster in the East End. Nobody was ever able to identify
itsmother. Today, Isaac disdains the use ofany last name, since
it would be a lie. He spent his youth being shuttled from foster
home to orphanage to foster home. He was a violent, angry
child given to fits of almost homicidal rage. His stay at one
foster home ended when, at the age of five, he slashed his
"mother's" arm with a kitchen knife when she tried to disci-
pline him.

Isaac's Firsting came early. Through some kind of miscom-
munication, the Kin Fetch assigned to him missed the event.
The Delirium took effect immediately, and his foster parents
at the time interpreted his actions as just another one of his
temper tantrums. (They conveniently overlooked the fact that
he had shapeshifted into a half-man/half-beast.) They called
the police, and Isaac was whisked off again to juvenile hall.
The "extraction" team of Bone Gnawers eventually rescued
him from that location.

Despite a severe lack of education and an upbringing
traumatic enough to turn just about anyone into a self-
absorbed emotional cripple, Isaac turned out to be highly
intelligent and perceptive. Although at first he fought against
his indoctrination into the ways of the Garou, he eventually
understood what his Inceptors were trying to teach him. He
learned what his heritage truly meant. It was then that he
turned, seemingly overnight, from an incarnation of anger to
a thoughtful, introspective potential leader.

Most of the time, he lives up to that potential, but some-
times his introspective nature must give way to rage. Rage is
still at Isaac's core, as it is at the core ofall Garou. While it takes
a lot to goad him to anger these days, Isaac is a manifestation
of an old truism: "Beware the fury of a patient man."

Isaac won his position several years ago as leader of the
Underdogs Sept of the local Bone Gnawers. He didn't achieve
this by challenge and personal combat, but by simply proving
that he was the best for the job. In fact, Isaac never sought the
position, but when something needed to be done, Isaac was
always at the forefront of doing it. That was enough to
convince his tribemates that he should lead them and repre-
sent them on the council. There are some hints that Isaac is
tiring of his responsibility. Unfortunately, there is no obvious
candidate for his successor. This may destabilize the Under-
dogs enough to diminish their efficiency as "Wyrm guards" at
the marinas and elsewhere.

Children of Gaia

In the political clin the Children of Gaia
frequently follow thes ation. This often in-
volves protesting i ropriate logging practices and other
harmful activities acting within environmental lobby
groups. Compared' Talons' attitudes about how
logging companies sh moderate in the
extreme. As af ant and the
expanded Compact a i nc ing it more
likely that the G Qu Cat n ony with the humans,
rather than in an out-and-out wat tHfat the Garou would almost
certainly lose.

Yumbers

There are about 35 Children of Gaia spread throughout
British Columbia. About 12 of these are near Vancouver.

Location

Outside the city, there are two Children of Gaia Protector-
ates: the Kaleden Protectorate around Penticton, in the south
central part of the province, and the Crow's Nest Protectorate
around Fernie, near the Alberta border. Each of these groups
contains about a dozen members.

Around Vancouver, the Bountiful Mother Sept congre-

gates on the lower slopes of Cypress Bowl in West Vancouver.
This sept also has about 12 members.

Relationship With Other Cribes

The Vancouver Children pride themselves on being able to
appreciate all viewpoints on an issue and can usually chart a
course of compromise that'll give everyone most of what they
want. It's not surprising, therefore, that the tribe, as a whole,
strongly supports the Covenant and Compact. This, of course,
puts them in conflict with those who would like to see both
agreements torn up. The Red Talons and the Shadow Lords
are at the top of the list (for different reasons).

56 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

The Children try to keep an open mind with regard to other
tribes, and almost manage to stay neutral towards the Bone
Gnawers. When it comes to the Glass Walkers, however, the
generations-old prejudices come to the fore, and the tradition
of distrust tends to remain.

Melson Chang

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
‘Appearance 3 (2/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Primal-Urge 5,
Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 3, Melee 1, Leadership 5, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Computer 2, Investigation 1, Politics 2, Rituals 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Smell of Man, Truth of Gaia, Resist Pain, Scent
of the True Form; (2) Call to Duty, Calm; (3) Dazzle, Strength
of Purpose; (4) Wisdom of the Ancient Ways, Unicorn's
Grace

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Ritual of the Questing Stone,
Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Tears of Gaia, Bells of Rain

Image: In his Homid form, Nelson Chang is a small man
(about 5' 6"). His black hair is straight and usually cropped
close to his head. It's hard to judge his age. He could be

anywhere from his mid-20s to perhaps 50. In his Lupus form,

which he prefers, he is a large, silver-hackled timber wolf. He

isa figure of rage and terror, yet in his heart, he isaspiritofcalm
and understanding.

Roleplaying Notes: Calm, spiritual, thoughtful sometimes
to the point of seeming withdrawn.

Background: Nelson was born and raised in Vancouver,
part of a large family where strict discipline was balanced with
ahealthy measure of love. From his earliest childhood, Nelson
and his family assumed he would become a doctor, a lawyer or
some other paragon of career tracking. Ashe entered his teens,
however, urges that sprung up within him changed the course
of his life. While most of the people he grew up with saw and
regretted the damage that humanity was doing to the planet,
Nelson feltthe damage to Gaiaasa blight on his own soul. How
could he pursue his own goals, he found himself wondering,
when the world was turning into a toilet around him? It took
several vituperative conversations with his family, but he
finally convinced them that he should pursue a career in the
environmental sciences. As a prelude to this, he left home at
16 to attend an Outward Bound program in the mountains to
the north of the city.

It was then that Nelson's Kin came to him, whisking him
out of his tent one night while the other participants in the
program slept unaware. They kept him with them for almost a
month, during which time they indoctrinated him into the
Ways and put him through his Rite of Passage. When this was
complete, they asked him how he wanted to handle the matter
of his old life. Nelson decided that he had to re-establish
contact with his parents.

During the past month, his parents had been absolutely
frantic (as had the organizers of the Outward Bound program,
visualizing lawsuits). When Nelson returned from the wilder-
ness, unharmed and more at peace with himself than anyone
had ever seen him, they were too busy welcoming him home
to press him on the matter of where he had been. When they
got around to the issue later, he explained about the epiphany
he had undergone in the wilderness... without mentioning a
word about the Garou, of course.

Now, decades later, Nelson remains in contact with his
aging parents. He lives alone in a small house near Lions Bay,
where he writes articles for various environmental magazines,
submitting them by modem. He was chosen Arm of the
Goddess by his sept; the Voice of the Goddess, Aliana Broken-
Heart, died two years ago and has not been replaced yet,
leaving Nelson as the sole leader of his tribe. He now tries to
raise the voice of compromise on the council and keep the
Compact alive. His tendency to carefully analyze every side of
every issue often makes him appear vacillating, or even weak,
to less patient Garou. Even amonigdaig6wnh tribe, he sometimes
is thought to take this too far! @ 7"

Fianna

The Vancouver area has a relatively small Irish population;
those of Scottish ancestryare much more common. Thus it's
logical that there are fewetmembers of the Fianna in this part
of North American than, sayjthe Eastern Seaboard of the U.S.
Still, this noble tribe WaS%strong influence on the actions of
the local Garou. Félléwing their long standing reputation as
justice-givers and adjudicators, the Fianna (in general) are
quiet but dependable "stipporters of the Compact and the

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest $7


Covenant, and their support goes a long way toward prevent-
ing rebellion against the Council by more militant factions.

Yurnbers

Throughout B.C., there are fewer than 20 Fianna. Of these,
seven can be found in the Vancouver region.

Location

Outside Vancouver, the Fianna claim the Bear Creek
Protectorate around the city of Kelowna. That city's artistic
and musical community hasasignificant component of Fianna
blood, and several of the better-known folk musicians are
actually Garou.

Near Vancouver, most Fianna are of the homid breed, and
fairly well-integrated into human society. They live virtually
anywhere. Some "private" moots are limited to the local sept

known as the Seanachie, and they meet down on the flats of
Richmond, bounded by the dikes surrounding that suburb.

Relationship With Other Cribes

The ancestral rivalries that the Fianna have with the
Shadow Lords and the Get of Fenris have been carried to
Vancouver from elsewhere in the world. The Fianna generally
support the Covenant and the Compact; the Shadow Lords
generally despise them (if only because these edicts are per-
ceived as "Silver Fang inventions".) There is a great deal of
animosity between these tribes around Vancouver.

This fact, in turn, affects other tribes' attitudes toward the
Fianna, based on their own views of the Shadow Lords and
Silver Fangs. For example, the Glass Walkers look on the
Fianna as allies, while the Red Talons view them as honorless
twits joining the Silver Fangs in their toadying up to the
human "scourge".

Brendan (Dooley

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 1, Expression 3,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3,
Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Survival 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Smell of Man, Resist Toxin, Razor Claws, Persua-
sion, Inspiration; (2) Brew, Staredown, True Fear; (3) Disquiet,
Heart of Fury; (4) Clenched Jaw, Balor's Gaze; (5) Kiss of
Helios

Rage 6, Gnosis 2, Willpower 4

Rank: 5

Rites: none

Fetishes: Fianna Mead, Large Klaive

Image: In his Homid form, Brendan Dooley is a tall, very
thin man with long arms and legs. His fingers are very slender,
but he has a vise-like grip. His has short, thinning hair is a very
light ginger, almost blond. His skin is pale, and he has bright,
piercing green eyes. He's in his mid-40s. There's something
about his gaze that communicates astrong hint of the explosive
temper bottled up within him. He speaks with a thick Irish
brogue. In Lupus form, he's a lean, hungry-looking beast with
a ruddy pelt more reminiscent of a fox than a wolf, and his
intense green eyes are still notable.

Roleplaying Notes: Irish accent, and an affected "poetic"
bent, covering an explosive temper.

Background: Few people, even among the Seanachie Sept,
know much about Dooley's background. This is typical of
Brendan's approach to others. He's a glib speaker, when he's
inthe mood, and can captivate listeners for hours with his tales,
but he never reveals much about himself. All that's widely
known is that Dooley came to Vancouver from the East Coast
of the U.S. maybe Boston, maybe somewhere else about 10
years ago. General consensus is that he followed one or more
Kinfolk to the West Coast, but nobody knows who his Kin are.
It is known for sure is that despite his strong Irish accent,
Brendan Dooley has never set foot on the Emerald Isle. This
leads his detractors tosuggest that he fakes the accent, claiming
that he learned it from bad movies to give himself an air of
distinction. There are those in the tribe who would pay
handsomely for any information about Dooley's past. Some of
the Shadow Lords are actively seeking embarrassing and
possibly incriminating information on Dooley to present tothe
council. Of course they haven't found anything yet, but that
might not stop them from making something up...

Dooley isa strong leader with a fierce and explosive temper.
In Homid form, he usually has drink of some kind in his hand,
preferably a pint of Guinness ora glass of Jameson's. Thisseems
to be more for show than anything else, since nobody has ever

58 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

seen him drunk. Considering his temper when he's sober, this
is probably a very good thing. He's very intelligent, a fact he
sometimes seems to enjoy concealing, but perhaps not very
observant. He tends to "filter" his perceptions through his
preconceptions.

In Homid and Lupus form, Dooley is something of a ladies'
man, racking up many conquests of both species. Although he
has many offspring, none of them has yet been identified as
Garou.

Get of Fenris

The Get of the Vancouver area consider that B.C. will be
one of the main battlegrounds when the¢féat war against the
Wyrm actually breaks out. The Gargn will have more freedom
of action he#@ than they:will invthemmore densely populated
parts of the world, and they should use it téitheir best advan-
tage. The BiCaGetaté highly pragmati@in.cheinyiew of the
world. The Wyrm, Jormurigand,y, is the ultimate ehemy of both
the Garou and Gaia. Thehumans are seen as incidental, tools
to be used either by'Gaia's foe'or her defenders. The Kindred
are a powerful weapon,.uSually serving the Wyrm. If that
weapon could be poifited back at the Wyrm...

The Vancouver Get aren't as opposed to the extended
Compact and the Covenant as might be expected. Anything
that eliminates "distractions" from the main battle is worth-
while. If the extended Compact minimizes conflict with
"unaligned" humans, and the Covenant eliminates conflict
with the cadavers, then the agreements actually free the Garou
of extraneous concerns, allowing them to focus on the real

issues.

The Compact isn'tall good. Many of the Get are concerned
that the agreement to make the Great Caern free for all Garou
compromises its safety. Some of the tribe believe that the Get
should take total control of the caern, claiming that this is
would "protect" it from being compromised by agents of the
Wyrm...

Numbers

The Get of Fenris are probably the most populous tribe in
B.C. There are almost 15 of the tribe living in the Vancouver
region. Another 40 are spread throughout the province.
Location

The Get have two distinct geographical Protectorates in
B.C. The Ymir Protectorate is located near Trail and Castlegar,
in the south central portion of the province. There are 30 or so
Get there, and sometimes they range far enough west to
conflict with the Children of Gaia Protectorate around
Penticton.

The second location, the Hell's Gate Protectorate, is lo-
cated up the Fraser Canyon. It's centered around the tiny town
of Spuzzum halfway between Hope and Boston Bar. Spuzzum
isunique in B.C. It'sthe only town totally dominated by Garou

and their Kinfolk. All the locals are either werewolves them-
selves, or directly related to werewolves. The Kinfolk are

completely aware of what is going on. In the Gothic-Punk
world, Spuzzum has a remarkably strange reputation. Even
though truckers and others often pull into the town's single
truck stop, they don't stay long. Nobody knows quite why the
town makes them feel so uncomfortable, but the feeling is
inescapable. The Spuzzum Sept numbers around 40 true Garou
inaddition toalmost ten times that many Kinfolk. Asdiscussed
in Chapter One, Spuzzum is something of a supply and
communication nexus for the Get of Fenris throughout the
Pacific Northwest.

The Fimbulwinter Sept congregates in the Fraser Valley,
east of Vancouver, with the Lupus members of the sept living
on the wooded slopes of Sumas Mountain. Homid members
live in Abbotsford and as far east as Chilliwack. There are
about 30 members in the Fimbulwinter Sept.

Relationship With Other Cribes

The Get of Fenris have carried their ancient rivalry with the
Fianna from the Old World to the New World. None of the
B.C.-based Get really know what initially caused the rivalry
between the two tribes, but the rivalry is a tradition, and that's
reason enough to continue it. The Get and the Wendigo still
despise each other, mainly because of the conflict that arose
when the Get first followed their Kinfolk into territory the
Wendigo considered theirs. Predictably, the Get hate the
Bone Gnawers and the Glass Walkers with a passion, since
these two tribes are as far as possible from the ideals the Get
revere.

Most of the Get respect the Silver Fangs because of their
history of nobility and courage. Some of the younger Get
consider the Shadow Lords to be superior, but the senior
members of the tribe think that the Lords are all talk and no
action. (They accept that this may possibly change in the
future.) The Get have no love for the Children of Gaia,
although it's more trouble than the Children are worth to
actually hate them

As discussed above, most of the Vancouver-based Get see
the extended Compact and the Covenantas valuable. They're
pragmatic enough to realize that they have something in
common with other tribes sharing the same view, and can
generally work alongside such tribes whether they enjoy the
close proximity or not.

Stefan Ewald

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 5, Survival 4, Politics 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Pure Breed 4

Gifts: (1) Smell of Man, Razor Claws, Inspiration, Resist
Pain; (2) Sense Silver, Spirit of the Fray, Snarl of the Predator,

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 59


True Fear; (3) Silver Claws, Heart of Fury, Might of Thor; (4)
Clenched Jaw, Hero's Stand; (5) Fenris' Bite

Rage 7, Gnosis 2, Willpower 4

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Ostracism, Rite of Passag

Fetishes: Grand Klaive (difficulty 7, damage of Strength+5),
Heart of the Spirit (holds 6 Rage points)

Image: In Homid form, Stefan Ewald looks something like
acaricature of Thor, the god of thunder from Norse mythology.
Aged about 50, he stands 6'6", weighing about 245 pounds.
The bulges of his muscles have bulges on them. He has curly
blond hair, which he keeps cropped close to his head so
opponents won't have anything to grab onto in ascrap anda
bushy mustache. His gray eyes are as cold as glacial ice and are
framed by a network of fine wrinkles. (On anyone else they
might be called "smile lines", but Ewald doesn't smile...) His
skin is generally pale, but hischeeks are florid, making him look
as though he's always suppressinga homicidal rage (which isn't
too far off the mark most of the time.) In Lupus form, Ewald is
the archetypal Get: a huge gray Arctic wolf.

Roleplaying Notes: Powerful and sometimes terrifying,
particularly when his temper gets away from him. He doesn't
talk much, considering actions to be more important than
words. When he does speak, however, his voice is harsh, with
a strong Scandinavian accent. Ewald relishes a good fight and
respects anyone who can give him a challenge. In personal
combat, he finds it notoriously difficult to keep from killing his
opponent. Anyone who knows Ewald watches out for his wild
emotional swings. One moment he can be a sentimental fool,

misty-eyed over the achievement of a cub who's survived her
Rite of Passage; the next moment he can be breaking bones in
a towering rage.

Background: Ewald came to Canada from Denmark in the
late 1960s, traveling with a family of Kinfolk. His wife, Nina,
knows that "something's strange" about her husband, but the

Delirium has prevented her from figuring out just what it is. He
has five children, ranging in age from the early teens to the late
20s. All his children are immune to the Delirium and accept
their father's true nature. They're rather disappointed that
they haven't expressed the "Garou gene", although there'sstill
some hope forhis youngest daughter. The Ewald family liveson
a dairy farm in Aldergrove.

After his arrival in the Vancouver area, Stefan Ewald
quickly climbed to the top of the Fimbulwinter Sept, defeating
in personal combat anyone who stood between him and the
position of leader. Since then, any Garou who have had the
temerity to challenge his right to lead the sept have been
broken. All that is missing now, in his view, is his tribe's
. Although somewhat erratic, Ewald is,
overall, a good leader. Among his tribemates, some love him,
some hate him, many fear him, but all respect him.

Glass Walkers

Although a small and widely despised tribe, the Glass
Walkersare perhaps thémostinifluéfitiabtribe in the Vancouver
area. After all, it was the Walker leader, Roger Daly, who
initiated the events that Would lead tothe Covenant and the
extension of the Compact, bringing some measure of peace to
the region.

Ir'shard to generalize about the Glass Walkers; they exhibit
probably more variability between individuals in personality,
philosophy and behayior than anyother tribe. Obviously, they
choose to live in cities tachérthan inithe untamed wilderness.
Some make this choice forpersonal reasons. Living inacondo

control of the caern

is much more comfortable than living on top of a cold
mountain. Others believe that their place isin the city because
that's where Gaia needs them to be. They protect her in ways
that other Garou can't.

The Glass Walkers are unique among Garou in that they
have no aversion to using high technology. If technology will
help them, they'll use it without any philosophical qualms.

The Walkers believe that there's nothing innately wrong with
technology assuch. Like any tool, it has the potential for good
orevil. Itall depends on the intentions and actions of the user.
Many of the senior Walkers stay in touch with each other,
human contacts and allies using cellular phones, pagers, fax
machines, computer bulletin board systems (BBSs) and so on.
(There are unsubstantiated rumors that a private Vancouver
BBS known as "Dark Side of the Moon' is actually run by the
Walkers.)

Numbers

There are few Glass Walkers in B.C. Alll of those are
thought to be concentrated in Vancouver itself. The only sept
is the Corporate Raiders, composed of 24 or so individuals.

Location
Individual members of the Glass Walkers live all over the
city. Their homes range from expensive condos on the

Glass

Fairview Slopes or large houses in Shaugnessy to dingy one-

60 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

room apartments in the West or East Ends. The Corporate
Raiders Sept is different from all other Vancouver-based
Garou groups in that it has its own caern: a Level One caern
beneath a closed-down nightclub called the Smiling Buddha.
They hold their monthly tribal moots in the privacy of the
club.

The Glass Walkers have no Protectorates elsewhere in the
province. There may be members of the tribe in other towns or
cities in B.C., but the Glass Walkers of Vancouver aren't in
contact with any, and don't know for sure if they exist.

Relationship With Other Cribes

In general, the other tribes distrust, de: and sometimes
outright hate the Glass Walkers simply se the Walkers
choose to live in the city. How, the other tribes wonder, can a
tribe live in Wyrmground and not be tainted by the Wyrm
themselves? Certain individuals within the other tribes may be
able to control their ancestral hatreds long enough to evaluate
the Glass Walkers based on their actual behavior, but these
free thinkers are rare.

Of all the tribes, the Bone Gnawers probably keep the
closest contact with the Glass Walkers, accepting them with
open minds... more or less, The Children of Gaia listen to the
Walkers' claim that adapting to the realities of the city isa life-
affirming choice that allows them to aid Gaia in ways that
other tribes can't. They admit that their urban brethren just
mighthaveapoint... more or less. Those few of the Silver Fangs
who know just who really came up with the idea of the
Covenant are able to appreciate and respect individual Glass
Walkers... again, more or less. Other than that, the Walkers
are alone.

Some Theurges within the Glass Walkers are scouring the
cities for "lost caerns", as the Bone Gnawers claim they are
doing. Few of the other tribes believe a word of the Walkers'
claims, however, and many mutter darkly that any caerns the
Walkers do find will soon be converted into Wyrmholes...

Roger Daly

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Expression 4, Primal-Urge 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2, Drive 3,
Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Leadership 5, Performance 3, Repair 1,
Stealth 2, Survival 1, Computers 3, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Linguistics 1, Politics 4, Rituals 4, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Resources 5, Contacts 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, Control Simple Ma-
chine; (2) Jam Technology, Sight from Beyond, Power Surge;
(3) Pulse of the Invisible; (4) Ultimate Argument of Logic,
Attunement; (5) Assimilation
Rage 3, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4
Rank: 5

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Voice of the
Jackal, Rite of the Shrouded Glen

Fetishes: Protected Assets (Level 3, Gnosis 5; this costly-
looking business suit has protective spirits woven into it. Itacts
as three dice of armor against all forms of attack.)

Image: In his (vastly preferred) Homid form, Roger Daly
appears to be in his late 50s or early 60s, an elegant-looking
man of mid-height. Hisshort, thinning hairis silver and always
perfectly arranged. He wears gunmetal-framed Dunhill glasses.
This is more for show than anything, some observers note. He
always wears perfectly tailored suits of British cut that cost as
much as the average motorcycle. The cut of his suit jackets
conceal the fact that he has surprisingly broad and powerful
shoulders. His eyes are ice gray. They are the eyes of a hired
killer, totally out of place in an almost cherubic face that
reminds one of a kindly old uncle. He wears few accessories,
limiting himself to a watch and two rings. They're made of
white gold, and are incredibly expensive. In his Lupus form,
which he rarely assumes, he's a silver-hackled black wolf with
white markings that resemble glasses around his eyes.

Roleplaying Notes: In manner, appearance and speech,
Daly is the perfect image of the high-powered businessman:
intelligent, well-read and erudite.

Background: Daly was born and raised in the Shaugnessy
region of Vancouver, the only child of an affluent family. His
father, Graham Daly, was leader of the Vancouver Glass
Walkers from the late 1940s to the early 1960s and a successful
businessman. Roger's mother knew her husband's true nature.
For some reason, she wasn't subject to the Delirium. She
suffered severely mixed emotions when it became apparent her
only child would be a Garou like his father. Despite this, she
dealt with her ambivalence sufficiently to support Roger when
he really needed it, both before and after his Rite of Passage.
Both Roger's parents died in the 1970s. His father was killed
ina fight with an out-of-town vampire. The Kindred was later
hunted down and extinguished by the other Kindred for


breaking the Prince's Laws. His mother waskilled by ahit-and-
run driver. This left Roger an estate worth several million
dollars, easily enough to support him in comfort if he never
worked another day in his life.

Roger Daly couldn't operate that way. He had inherited
more than the "Garou gene" from his father and acquired a
fascination for the ways of human business. In the 1970s, he
established Daly & Associates, a management consulting firm
that he still runs to this day. The firm is staggeringly successful.
Not only has it made Daly an exceptionally rich man, it's also
given him access to important business figures throughout the
city, allowinghim to influence business policy ina way thatwill
most benefit Gaia and the Garou. Daly followed in his father's
footsteps, becoming leader of the Corporate Raiders Sept in
the mid-80s.

Few individuals human, Garou or Kindred really know
Roger Daly. Even those who understand his involvement in
the signing of the Covenantcan only guess at the man's depths.
Many of his junior septmates consider him to be a stolid,
unimaginative, basically boring individual, but that's not the
case at all. Those who know him a little better realize he's got
asharp sense of humor. There'sa pocket of sadness at the core
of his being. It stems from the fact that he married a woman
he dearly loved in the late 1970s who subsequently died in a
plane crash. He hides this pain from everyone.

Daly also realizes that it is the job of the Glass Walkers (and
the Bone Gnawers) to protect the city from invasion. Where
the other tribes make sure nothing approaches the city from
over land, the Glass Walkers stand guard at the airport and
help watch the marinas.

Daly lives in a sprawling house in the British Properties
overlooking the Lions Gate Bridge and drives a metallic
charcoal 8-series BMW. Through several shell companies, he
owns the Smiling Buddha, the location of the Glass Walkers'
caern. He also has his fingers in countless other business "pies"
throughout the city, frequently involving himself in bus
dealings and conflicts with the Kindred. There are unsubstan-
tiated rumors that Daly andan influential Kindred are currently
locked in a vicious, no-holds-barred proxy battle that might
well ruin one or the other of them.

Red Talons

There aren't many Red Talons imgthié Vancouver area.
That's probably just as well. Those!who dodive near the city
chafe under the restrictions of the@ovenantand the extended
Compact. Any peace with the bur the cadavers is,
they believe, tacit peace with the 7 [that goes against
everything that Garou stand for. " ycOuver-based Red
Talons tend to be vety apécalyptié in their thinking. They
realize thata genogidal war against the humans isa final battle
they're doomed fo Jose, yet'many believe in their hearts that
following any other couifse is a betrayal of their nature.

The Red Talons ghaintain a force near Vancouver because
of the Great Caernt. They are prepared to launch direct attacks
on the citizens of Vancouver if there is any threat to the caern

ness

62

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

by the humans. They are waiting to launch attacks on any
business that threatens Gaia. The Red Talons and the Get are
the two most vigilant tribes, making sure the leeches of the city
don'tdoanything that could infect the rest of B.C. The Talons
are waiting outside the city so that they can be in the thick of
the action when the truces fall apart.

Numbers

There are 50 or so Red Talons in B.C., with only five or so
of these in the Vancouver area. All, of course, are lupus.
Location

Outside Vancouver, the Red Talons hold three distinct
Protectorates. The largest of these, the Moonhowl Protector-
ate, has a population of 20 or so Garou and is centered on
Manning Park, 90 miles or so east of the city. In the Gothic-
Punk world, the downhill and cross-country ski facilities in the
Park have long been closed down due to the number of
"mysterious disappearances" from the region.

The second, the Preyscent Protectorate, is in the north of
the province in the Tweedsmuir Provincial Park. About a
dozen Red Talons make their home here. The third, the
Honorguard Protectorate, is in the Hughes Range just north of
Sparwood near the Alberta border. Another dozen Red Talons
live here. This latter Protectorate is very near the territory
claimed by the Children of Gaia who live near Fernie.

Within the Greater Vancouver region, the Battle Snarl
Sept, comprising about five members, can be found on the
slopes of the mountains between West Vancouver and Lions
Bay. Their own moots are complex rituals based on concepts
alien even to most other Garou and take place in these
mountains. For the mootsat the Great Caer, the Battle Snarl
Sept will unwillingly take on Homid form and slouch over the
Lions Gate Bridge to Stanley Park.

Relationship With Other Cribes

Speaking generally, the Red Talons despise any tribe that
has "sold out" to the Wyrm. According to their definition,
that's just about everybody. They dislike the Silver Fangs
despite that tribe's awesome reputation because of the Cov-
enant. They don't like the Shadow Lords much better,
believing that tribe will just replace one form of sell-out with
another. The Talons and the Furies see eye to eye ona lot of
things, but the former tribe is rather disappointed that the
latter has backed away from its traditional desire to fall upon
the humans and ravage them. Predictably, the Red Talons
loathe the Glass Walkers and the Bone Gnawers, believing
them both to be almost as bad as the Black Spiral Dancers.

Looksfar

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Philodox
Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),

Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),

Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3


Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 3, Melee 1,
Leadership 5, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 2, Occult 1,
Politics 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Resist Pain, Beast Speech,
Scent of the True Form, Scent of Running Water; (2) Scent of
Sight, Sense the Unnatural; (3) Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4)
Gnaw

Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 3

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of the Hunting Grounds, Gathering for the
Departed, Rite of Wounding, The Hunt

Fetishes: None

Image: In her Lupus form, Looksfar is a large wolf with hair
that would, on a human, be called auburn. Like most of her
kind, she has prominent claws and teeth. The muscles around
her jaws are overdeveloped. She takes Homid form only when
she absolutely has to, appearing as a large, almost hulking
auburn-haired female with a perpetual scowl. No matter what
form she takes, her movements seem to communicate a sense
of barely repressed energy and fury.

Roleplaying Notes: Solid and strong, but thoughtful. She
prefers to think before she acts, but when she does act she
doesn't believe in half-measures.

Background: Despite her appearance, Looksfar, the leader
of the Battle Snarl Sept, is surprisingly contemplative. She
doesn't automatically dismiss the ideas of the Children of Gaia
and the Glass Walkers. Compromise with the humans, rather
than a futile war, actually might make some sen: She

disagrees with the terms of the compromise. This makes her a
surprisingly rational voice on the Council of Representatives.
There are several members of her tribe who are horrified by her
philosophical approach, but though they may mutter and
whine in private, none has had the courage to complain to

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest

Looksfar's face or challenge her for leadership. They know all
too well that their leader's contemplative, patient outlook can
turn into wild rage at a moment's notice. Looksfar's anger is
often quick to pass, but it is so intense that few Garou want to
be anywhere nearby when she's aroused. Of course, an even-
tual challenge is inevitable. A change in leadership would
possibly represent a drastic change in the Talons' activity on
the Council.

Shadow Lords

The first Shadow Lords to arrive in B.C. came to the West
Coast because itawas a place whet: they could carve out their
own "empires", déminatingtb6th the hyfnans and the "lesser
tribes" of Garou already, there. Agifeast, that's what some
historians of théReopl« claim. A¢this istic, then the Shadow
Lords mustehaye beer ly tic KedvotfiwHEn their tradi-
tional rivals from the
in greater ranfibers.. ERPs

The Shadow Kords argue vocifefously against the con-
straints of the Covenant and the recent modifications of the
Compact. Their detractors say, however, that they do this only
because the Silver Fangs are seen to be supporting the two
agreements, and the Lords will do virtually anything it takes to
bring the Fangs down a few notches.

Yumbers

There are 21 orso Shadow Lords in B.C., all congregated in
the Greater Vancouver area. After all, that's where the power
is to be found. All are members of a single sept, the Magisters.
Location

Many of the Magisters live within the bounds of the city, but
they stridently argue they're not of the city, like the Urrah (the
Bone Gnawers and the Glass Walkers). Those of the Homid
breed typically live in relatively remote parts of the suburban
area, often in places of stark beauty (in a house perched on the
tugged shoreline, for example, or half-way up a mountain).
Several of the Lupus breed are thought to live in the University
Endowment Lands (see Chapter One), while others dwell in

the North Shore mountains. The Magister Sept has its private
moots deep in the woods of the University Endowment Lands.

Relationship With Other Cribes

The Shadow Lords consider themselves to be superior to all
other tribes. They are the scions of the People and the true
leaders of the Garou. The Lords therefore view the other tribes
as ranging from irritating rivals to lupines unworthy of consid-
eration; they consider themselves to have no equals.

The Silver Fangsare the Lords' key rivals. Many of the latter
will do whatever they can to decrease the Fangs' influence and
take over as de facto leaders of the Garou. Relationships with
all other tribes are based largely on how they can help (or how
much they will hinder) the Lords in achieving their goal. Since
nobody is equal to the Lords anyway, it makes the most sense
to view themas tools, or maybe as pawns ona chessboard. The

63


Shadow Lords hate the Glass Walkers with a passion because
of the Liston incident and will do their best to discredit
anything the Glass Walkers bring before the council. Al-
though some of the Shadow Lords are a bit narrow-minded in
their quest to take over the Great Caern, their leader and
council member, Lukasz Kawecki, is actually a competent
leader. If Kawecki is convinced that the security of the Great
Caer is in doubt, he will put aside the differences he and his
clan have with the other Garou and fight just as hard as any
other warrior.

Lukasz Kawecki

Breed: Homid

Awspice: Abroiiti

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 1,
Primal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 5, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Melee 3,
Leadership 3, Stealth 1, Survival 2, Politics 5, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Pure Breed 3

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Inspiration, Fatal Flaw, Aura of
Confidence; (2) Staredown, True Fear; (3) Disquiet; (4)
Strength of the Dominator; (5) Obedience, Strength of Will

Rage 6, Gnosis 2, Willpower 3

Rank: 5

Rites: none

Fetishes: Large Klaive

Image: In his Homid form, Lukasz Kawecki is a striking
figure: rail-thin and 6°4" tall. His long limbs and fingers are so
slender that they remind people of spider legs. He has high
cheekbones, arstrong jaw' and. anvaguilinesnose: His heavy
eyebrows are black, like his shoulder-length hair and his well-
trimmed mustachios. His skin isso pale thatsome Garou claim

he looks like a vampire, but not to his face, of course. It's

difficult to judge his age, but he's probably somewhere around
50. He moves with stately grace, and everything about him
seems to exude dignity. He wears contemporary, if somewhat
conservative, fashions. His clothes are predominately black,
but he would look just as at home in the garb of an Eastern
European warlord of the middle ages. In Lupus form, he's a
huge, muscular, dusky-pelred brute of a wolf, with the same
piercing black eyes as in his Homid form.

Roleplaying Notes: He always acts like a member of
European nobility, with the same aloofness and icy reserve. He
has a faint Eastern European accent. (Nobody knows quite
where he got it, because most Garou are pretty sure he was born
in Philadelphia.)

Background: Nobody knows much about Kawecki's back-
ground and heritage. (There are lots of guesses, of course, many
of them scatological.) The general consensus is that he was
born and raised in Philadelphia. He seems to have no Kinfolk
in the Vancouver area, so his reasons for coming to B.C. must
have been personal. It is known that he arrived in Vancouver
in 1982 and quickly manipulated and politicked his way to the
top of the Magister Sept. While he's a competent fighter, he
much prefers to lay rivals low through Machiavellian cunning
and manipulation.

Kawecki is more arrogant than a typical rank-and-file
Shadow Lord. He thinks he deserves respect from all other
Garou. If he doesn't get it, he's unlikely to fly into a rage, but
he'll certainly plot some form of revenge against those who
"insulted" him. Although hatred comes easily to him, the
brunt of his hatred is directed against Montgomery Abercom,
the leader of the detested Silver Fangs. Although he cares little
for the Council of Representatives, other than as a potential
tool to benefit himself and his tribe, Kawecki sits on the
Council merely because Abercorn does so.

Kawecki's leadership style and his methods of attaining
power have had a major influence on the strategy and tactics
used by those who would replace him. Rather than challeng-
ing him directly, these rivals are engaged in diminishing his
influence among the others of the tribe.

Silent Striders

The mysterious Silent Striders have had little influence on
the politics of the B.C. Garou. Certainly, they have a well-
respected representative on the Council, but too few of them
spend any Significant time near, Vahcouvertoshave a signifi-
canitieffect. - - 2

This docSiizmeatithey doit caréabourwhat happens with
the GréatGaer, the Compact and the CovenatitmAsagraup,
they support the establishment of Vancouver as "open terri-
tory" and agree with the Glass Walkers' attitudes on the value
of compromise. It's just that staying in one place long enough
to have a direct impact is against their nature. (Cathy
Saynesbury, the representative on the Council, is an excep-
tion, and she finds it notoriously difficult to hang around the
city.) In their travels, the Silent Striders frequently operate
alone against manifestations of the Wyrm. Ifthey learn ofsome

64 Dark Alliance: Vancouver


Wyrm-related activity too big or too important for one Garou
to combat, they usually pass on what they've learned to an
existing group. This could, perhaps, be aseptrunninganearby
Protectorate, orthe Council of Representatives itself. Thiscan

often be more efficient than organizing a "task force" of their

own.

Numbers

Nobody really knows how many Silent Striders there are in
B.C. Even the Striders are not sure. There are probably
between five and ten at any given time, but they won't
necessarily be the same five or ten

Location

Silent Striders can be found just about anywhere. Only two
have made a semi-permanent home in the Vancouver area
Cathy Saynesbury and Galen Hawes. Silent Striders don't
ct
require that a tribe can only be represented on the Council if

typically form septs; however, the provisions of the Com

ithasaseptin the Vancouverarea. Since the Striders definitely
wanted a voice on the Council, they created a "pseudo-sept"
comprising only two members: Hawes, the "leader", and
Saynesbury, the tribal representative

Relationship With Other Cribes

Individual Silent Striders are more or less loners. This
implies a great degree of individuality in attitude and philoso-
phy, soitmakeslittlesense totalk about the Striderscollectivel

Of all the tribes, they're probably the least likely to make
decisions based on generalizations. Just because a Strider finds
one Shadow Lord to be arrogant, she won't necessarily con-
clude thatall Shadow Lordsare arrogant. Since their approach
to life is quite different from the Garou "norm", they're
generally more accepting of others who follow their own paths.
Most Striders don't automatically and categorically distrust
and despise the Bone Gnawers and the Glass Walkers

Cathy Saynesbury

fomid

Breed:

Auspice: Ragabash

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 5, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3,

Leadership 3, Performance 3, Survival 2, Politics 4, Rituals 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Pure Breed 2
Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, Speed of Thought; (2)
Messenger's Fortitude
Rage 1, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4
Rank: 2
Rites:
Fetishes: none

Talisman Dedication

Image: In her Homid form, which she almost always wears,
Cathy isa woman in her mid-30s, standing about 5°3", She has
abroad and open face, framed by long, straight dark hair. Her

hanging

eyes seem to change color depending on the light
from green to hazel to gray toa pale blue. They sparkle with
curiosity and energy. Her features would be classed more as
"pretty" than "beautiful". Her constant smile and easy laugh
often lead people, on first meeting her, to consider her some-
thing of an airhead. On closer inspection, however, her sharp
intelligence and intense focus become apparent. She's a good
speaker, and an excellentconversationalist. In her Lupus form,
she has the slender, long-limbed lines typical of her tribe; her
peltis long, however, making her look something like a saluki.
Roleplaying Notes: Open to new experiences and ideas,
very eclectic, an innovative problem-solver. She listens more
than she speaks, and tends to ask leading questions.
Background: Cathy was born on the road somewhere in
Alberta. Her mother, a Silent Strider, was traveling the
continentas an itinerant musician, and took the young Cathy

along with her, raising the child entirely on her own. Even
before the "Garou gene" started to exert itself, young Cathy
had caught the traveling bug.

When mood swings and other changes presaged Cathy's
Firsting, her mother was overjoyed. She called several other

Silent Striders together to help her care for the girl during the

process and act as Inceptors for Cathy's Rite of Pass«

Assoon as Cathy was through the rite, her mother gave her
a choice: travel with her or go off on her own. She made sure
Cathy understood that she was free to take either course, and
that she didn't have to feel that she was disappointing, insult-
ing or deserting her mother. After much thought, Cathy
decided she would travel on her own. To this day, the two keep
in contact on a very irregular schedule. Several years go by

between meetings.

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 65


‘As well as a love of traveling, Cathy had inherited her
mother's talent as a singer and songwriter. She supported
herself as a musician as she traveled the continent, eventually
arriving in Vancouver in 1983. It was here she met another
Garounamed Galen Hawes, who quickly realized she would be
the perfect person to sit on the Council of Representatives.
Although she didn't relish the restrictions it put on her
wandering lifestyle, Cathy accepted the position, and has
served her tribe very well.

Cathy supports herself by playing in folk and jazz clubs
around the city, and has quite a following who appreciate her
interesting and sometimes weird songs. She knows a lot of
people in the music business, some of whom are influential
enough to be classed as contacts. It was on her way to a small
jaz club that, while passing the old Expo site, she noticed
something was wrong with thearea. Even nowshestillonlyhas
suspicions about the site, but she is slowly trying to gain
knowledge about what is really going on there. Until she has
some hard evidence, however, she won't bring up the subject
to the Council.

Silver Fangs

The Silver Fangs are the de facto leaders of the Garou in the
Vancouver andythr thé Northwest, This leadership
comes to ther naturally, not hecause they demand it, as the
Shadow Lord§ might, but because the other tribes cede it to
them gladly. The Silyer Fangs aréknow#ifor their nobility and
honor. They have sired 'so many heroes of great renown that
many Garou among the other tribes would gladly follow them
to the gates of Hell. (This, of course, infuriates many Shadow
Lords almost beyond endurance.)

The B.C. Silver Fangs are slightly less focused on the past
than are members of this tribe elsewhere in the world. Nobody
knows quite why this is. Maybe whatever it is that taints the
Silver Fangs' blood elsewhere hasn't had such an effect on the
West Coast septs. Perhaps the relatively large native popula-
tion of wolves has made a difference. In support of this, there
seem to be fewer signs of eccentricity —the Shadow Lords might
say "insanity"— among the young Fangs in the Vancouver
region. Yet the taint hasn't left the Fangs completely un-
touched, because they continue to produce fewer Garou
progeny each generation.

The Garou who understand what is really behind the
Covenant and the other recent innovations in Garou society
guess that the local Silver Fangs aren't actually as focused on
the future as they may appear. This focus is actually just a
perception, based on the invalid belief that the Silver Fangsare
once again exerting true leadership over the tribes.

Yumbers

There are only about 21 Silver Fangs in the whole of British
Columbia, with half of those living in or near Vancouver.

Location

About five of the Silver Fangs hold the Moon Silver
Protectorate in the far north of the province, up around
Williston Lake and Manson Creek. Another 10 or so hold the

larger Gaia Guard Protectorate near Cache Creek. This is
close enough to the Get of Fenris Protectorate centered on the

town of Spuzzum that the tribes sometimes come into conflict.

The Forest Ghost Sept meets in the forested hills up Indian
Amn, northeast of Deep Cove. Most of the homid members of
the sept live in houses or cabins deep in the woods, sometimes
in areas accessible only by boats and "water taxis". The lupus
members live "wild" in the forests, of course.

Relationship With Other Cribes

As mentioned above, the Silver Fangs don't demand re-
spect and obedience from the other tribes. Still, many have
come toexpect it, and this is sometimes perceived as arrogance
by members of other tribes. While some Shadow Lords hate
and envy the Silver Fangs, these emotions aren't reciprocated.
Ifanything, the Silver Fangs are puzzled by the Shadow Lords.
They are surprised, in a detached way, that they would want to
change a system that's worked so well for millennia.

If there's one thing the Silver Fangs dislike, it's those Garou
they class as "ignoble". First among these are the Bone
Gnawers. The Uktena are disliked because of their strange
activities in the Deep Umbra and their consorting with spirits
of mysterious origins. The Glass Walkers pose something of a
Iver Fangsknow (orsuspect)

special case, since certain senior
that it was actually Daly who initiated the Covenant. While
these Silver Fangs generally still dislike Glass Walkers person-
ally, they have to admit that the tribe does have access to useful
information, and can approach problems from innovative
points of view.

Montgomery Abercorn

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3. (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5), Charisma 4, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 4,
Primal-Urge 5, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Leadership 5,
Stealth 1, Survival 2, Enigmas 3, Politics 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 4, Kinfolk 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, Lambent Flame, Smell
of Man; (2) True Fear, Awe; (3) Silver Claws; (4) Mindblock,
Spirit Ward; (5) Assimilation, Reduce Delirium, Strength of
Will

Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4

Rank:

Rites: Questing Stone, Rite of Passage, Rite of Praise, Gaia's
Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: None

66 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Image: In his Homid form, Montgomery Abercom is a
commanding figure. Standing about 6'2", his slender frame
makes him look even taller. Even though his face and hands

show him to be in his 70s, he moves as if he were two decades
younger. He has perfectly trimmed snow-white hair. His
features are finely chiseled, with an aristocratic nose and high
cheekbones. Beneath his thick white eyebrows, his dark eyes
glitter like obsidian. He favors expensive suits of European cut,
drives a Jaguar Sovereign (British racing green, of course) and
looks like the archetypal English aristocrat. Only on closer
inspection does it become apparent that the gleam of intelli-
gence and determination in his eyes has a kind of frenetic,
anxious edge to it. In Lupus form, he's a silver furred wolf of
great beauty and nobility.

Roleplaying Notes: His every move is elegance personi-
fied. His speech is cultured in the extreme with a lingering
upper-class British accent.

Background: Abercorn has served the Silver Fangs and the
People in general for more than half his life. That's how he
views his tenure as leader of the Forest Ghost Sept, and he
believes he's served them well. Many Garou believe he was
born and raised in England. With his accent and appearance,

guess. He actually hails from Hong Kong, where
‘Noble Houses" that dominate
He grew up

it's a logi

he was born into one of the
much of the colony's business community.
knowing that his father was different from most men, but not
quite understanding just what that difference was. He was
schooled in the English tradition ata private establishment on
Victoria Hill, and lived a very sheltered life.

Abercorn had two older brothers, so the odds were very low
that he would ever become the "tai pan" of the house. His
father seemed to pay more attention to him than to his

brothers, however, as though he realized Montgomery might
be destined for greater things. When Abercorn underwent his
First Change, he realized his father had been right. He was
indoctrinated into the Silver Fangs in the hills overlooking

Kowloon.

Montgomery emigrated to Canada in the early 1950s. He
believed that the fortunes of Vancouver would continue to
climb well into the next century while those of Hong Kong
would eventually start to decline. The impending takeover of
the colony by the People's Republic of China might well prove
him right. He joined the Forest Ghosts Sept and soon
ascended to the position of leader.

Abercorn knows that most of Vancouver's Garou believe
he was solely responsible for the Covenant and the changes to
the Compact. As a result, he knows that some of his People
revere him while others despise him. He doesn't really deserve

either reaction. Still, he understands that he had to be the
figurehead for Roger Daly's plans. He knows that he still must
continue the charade. Some detractors who know the truth
mutter that Abercorn has come to believe that he really was
the architect of Garou society in and around Vancouver, but
that's not the case. True, Montgomery's memory might be
slipping, but the only important thing he's forgotten is who
knows the truth and who doesn't. Because of this, the only

prudent course is to maintain the charade with everyone.

Stargazers

Many Stargazers are often.as itinerant as the Silent Striders
and even more averse to formal organizations. They focus more
on philosophiesand personalenlightenment than on the petty
conflicts that intrigue the other tribes. Based on this, it
surprised some Garou that the Stargazers would take any
interest whatsoever in the aetivities surréunding Vancouver's
Great Caern.

It shouldn't have been a surprise, however. The spirit of
cooperation and openness démonstrated by the Vancouver
Garou is very muchin keeping with the Stargazers' view of the
world. The Stargazers believe enlightened compromise, as
illustrated by the Compact and the Cd¥enant, is the way of
Gaia. How cotild the tribe not)participa "great
experiment"?

e in this

As this tribe is ‘usually represented by only one member in
Vancouver, their voice on'the Council is very weak. They
rarely visit the cities. Urban areas aren't overly conducive to
deep and profound thoughts, after all, so it seems unlikely that
Stargazers throughout the world are watching events in
Vancouver with great interest.

Yumbers

The Starga
and only 500 or so remain in the world.

er tribe has been on the decline for centuries,
Of this total
population, some three are thought to spend at least some of
theirtime within British Columbia. Only one, Jacques Lapointe,
has chosen to make his permanent home in Vancouver.

Relationship With Other Cribes

Few of the othertribes really understand what the Stargazers
are all about. It's easy to mistake contemplation for inaction,
and quite a few of the younger Garou make this error. Yet
there's something about them that carries with it an aura of

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 67


understanding, peace and closeness to Gaia. This causes most
tribes to respect them, albeit grudgingly, at times.

Elsewhere in the world, the Stargazers and the Glass Walk-
ers sometimes don't get along well. In Vancouver, the two
tribes show an understanding, even an affection, that implies
the Stargazers know who was really behind the Covenant.

The Shadow Lords distrust the Stargazers, mainly because
Lapointe was named to the Council of Representatives over
their objections, diluting their vote. The fact that Lapointe is
a metis doesn't help, either. For their part, the Stargazers
typically view the Shadow Lords' ambitions with slightly
amused disdain, which doesn't endear them to the Lords.

Jacques Lapointe

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 4, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 5,
Expression 4, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 2, Leadership 4,
Kailindo 3, Stealth 3, Enigmas 5, Politics 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 2

Gifts: (1) Sense Wyrm, Truth of Gaia, Balance, Scent of
the True Form; (2) Mental Speech; (3) Wisdom of the
Ancient Ways, Clarity; (4) Gift of the Porcupine; (5) Wisdom
of the Seer, Totem Gift

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 5

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Questing Stone, Rite of Spirit
Awakening

Fetishes: The Red Sash (Level 2, Gnosis 7; this is an
nental red sash with gold pictograms woven into it. Itwas
given to Jacques by an Asian Stargazer before he left the East.
‘Whenever Jacques'is:dodging-attacks, it will increase any

on

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

opponent's attack difficulty by one due to the distracting
colors.)

Image: In his Homid form, which he prefers, Jacques
Lapointe is a short, slightly-built man. He's 5'6", and looks as
though he's somewhere in his 50s. He has short black hair, a
well-trimmed mustache and thick black brows. Hisnose can be
charitably described as aquiline, and his black eyes are as hard
as diamonds. His appearance is far from impressive, but there's
something about him that attracts and holds the attention of
anyone who sees him, Garou or human. In Lupus form, his
metis disfigurement is very evident: he's a small, hairless wolf.
His black eyes convey a sense of curiosity and awareness
concerning the world around him.

Roleplaying Notes: Lapointe seems to be surrounded by an
aura of peace and contemplation without the "other-worldli-
ness" and introversion often associated with thisstate. Lapointe
is firmly grounded in this world and is exquisitely aware of
everything that's going on around him. His voice is pleasant to
hear and has the faint tinge of a French accent. He can talk at
great length or hold his peace, whichever happens to be
appropriate. He's also an excellent listener. When others
speak to him, he actually listens, concentrating on their words
and intonation rather than just waiting for his turn to speak.

Background: Many Garou assume that Lapointe came
from Quebec. He's in Canada, after all, and his accent's
French, sodoesn't thatmake him French-Canadian? Lapointe
was born in what was then called French Indo-China, and
traveled with his two Garou parents throughout the Orient.
His father was born and bred a Stargazer, while his mother was
one of the few "converts" that the Stargazers accept from other
tribes (in this Child of Gaia). His parents understood
that a metis would have a difficult life in the world of the
Garou, but both believed having a child was the right decision
jso trusted that Jacques would have
the resilience to make his own way ina world that would tend

forthemat the time. They

to despise him.

Ifhis metis ancestry and the concomitant reactions of other
Garou have af
doesn't show it. He's almost abnormally well-adjusted, having
avery Confucian approach to insults and abuse directed at him
by other Garou. ("Ifa proffered gift is not accepted, it belongs
to the giver. Such is the case with abuse.") He's such an
empathic individual that people find themselves liking and

ted Lapointe in any way whatsoever, he

trusting him, even if they're predisposed to revile him.

Lapointe is a strong supporter of the Covenant and the
Compact, believing that, in enacting them, the Vancouver
Garou have taken a majorstep down the path that his tribe has
followed for generations. He also sees Vancouver as the first
step in bringing about a "tribal healing" which his friend
Antonine Teardrop (see Rage Across New York) has long
talked about. It is for this reason that Lapointe has decided to
sit on the Council as the representative of the Stargazers.


Uktena

As the most adept at bindinggpirits and using their powers,
the Uktena have a profound interest in the Great Caern in
Stanley Park. In anfideal world, the tribe would like to take the
caern as their own, guarding,t jealously and exacting heavy
Chiminage from angen else wants, fo use it. Unfortu-
nately, the world isn't ideal and t he caern is accessible to all
Garou. This limits its usefulness to the Uktenatosome degree.
They're unwillingto conducttheituleepest magicsatan "open"
caern, where there's nothing tostop Garou from another tribe
wandering up and witnessing something best kept inviolably
secret. a

Despite the reputation they have among most other Garou,
the Uktena are an honorable tribe. Uktena representatives
agreed to the Compact when it was initially established, and
the tribe is still bound by that agreement. Now, ifthe Compact
were to be dissolved somehow, that would be a different story
entirely...

Some Uktena have an intense fascination with the city of
Vancouver. They talk cryptically about caches of "ancient
knowledge and arcane law" on which they would like to get
theirclaws. Those who are familiar with the secrets of the city
know they must be referring to the Great Library of the
Kindred.

Numbers

There are about 20 Uktena in B.C. Of these, 13 orsocan be
found within the Greater Vancouver area.
Location

There are two Uktena groups in BC. The smaller is the
Akhachu Sept. Its seven members hold the small Cathedral
Protectorate in the Provincial Park of the same name. This
area, just to the east of the Manning Park Protectorate of the
Red Talons, has a reputation in the Gothic-Punk world as a
place of ill omen, where the spirits of the dead manifest to
torment the living. This reputation springs from the activities
of the Uktena. The proximity of the two Protectorates leads to
frequent inter-tribal conflicts. These don't escalate too far,
since even the militant Red Talons are cautious about provok-
ing the Uktena too far...

The larger group, with 13 or so members, is the Mukwaam
Sept. Itsmembers live throughout Vancouver and its environs,
depending on their breed and preferences. They hold their
private moots at a large cemetery near the corner of 41st
Avenue and Fraser Street in Vancouver covering nine city
blocks or so. In the Gothic-Punk world, this cemetery is

considered a place to avoid at night, not because of anything
supernatural, but because it's a place where "gangs",
and "psychos" throw wild parties every month. (Ah, the
wonders of the Delirium...)

vandals"

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest

Relationship With Other Tribes

Most other tribes, particularly the more militant ones,
seriously distrust the Uktena. It's an all-too-common Garou
trait to hate what you distrust. Certain tribes are more willing
to give the Uktena the benefit of the doubt. The Stargazers
consider the Uktena at worst slightly deluded, seeking enlight-
enmentin the Deep Umbra rather than in their own souls, but
they believe the Uktena have their hearts in the right place.
Some Glass Walkers see them as kindred spirits. While the
Walkers have sought a compromise with the Wyrmground of
the cities, the Uktena have sought their compromise with the
Deep Umbra.

How do the Uktena view the other tribes? They view them
more or less with disdain, in too many cases. The Stargazers'
navel-gazing will get them nowhere, while the Walkers are too
detached from the spiritual reality of the world. The other
tribes are just out of touch, with the possible exception of the
Silver Fangs. It could be that the Fangs' incipient madness
comes from touching the Deep Umbra without knowing the
risks and taking the necessary precautions...

There'san interesting conflict going on between the Shadow
Lordsand the Uktenaconcerning the Lords' attempted "coup"
against the Silver Fangs. The Lords are trying to convince the
Uktena to back them, promising in return to allow increased
Kawecki has recently made a
when the Shadow Lords emerge
triumphant, he'll set aside certain times of the month when the
Great Caern is off limits to all but Uktena. Generally speaking,
the Uktena don't believe the Lords' promises and won't do

access to the caern. Luk:

promise to the Uktena:

anything that would compromise their own interests on the
strength of these offers. They do, however, intend to string the
Lords along for as long as they can in the hopes that they will
see some benefit out of the situation.

Coros

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2), Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 3,
Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2, Melee 2, Leader-
ship 4, Performance 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Occult 5,
Politics 2, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Sense Magic, Shroud; (2) Sense the
Unnatural, Dreamspeak, Call of the Wyrm; (3) Detect Spirits;
(4) Pointing the Bone; (5) Elemental Gift, Head Games,
Fetish Doll

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 4

Rank: 5

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Spirit Awakening,
Rite of the Fetish
Fetishes: Sanctuary Chimes, Pine Daggers (3), Spirit Drum

69


Image: In her Lupus form, Coros is a slender, sly-looking
wolf who seems to always vibrate with tension. The base color
of her pelt is dark brown, but her back and flanks are marked
with irregular patches of tan, black and gray. On those very rare
occasions when she take on her Homid form, she'san unattrac-
tive woman of mid-height and slender build. Her matted dark
brown hair is streaked with gray. She appears to be about 30.
In Homid form, she rarely deigns to wear clothes. Coros favors
her Glabro form to all others and is rarely seen in any other
state.

Roleplaying Notes: Enigmatic and secretive: never use two
words where one will do, and preferably make that a word
nobody else has ever heard

Background: Coros has been in the Vancouver area for
only six years. Although she doesn't talk about her past, some
Garou have discovered thatshe used to leadasmall sept on the
wooded slopes of Mount Hood in Oregon. Apparently some-
thing happened to split the sept apart and drive its members to
the four points of the compass (maybe all but Coros were killed;
nobody knows for sure). Whispered rumors claim that Coros
and her sept-mates conjured something they were incapable of
controlling, a being that fed on the souls of the Garou who were
unable toescape. Itseemsmore likely that these stories are only
rumors with no basis in fact.

Coros arrived in Vancouver in the late 1980s, and quickly
rose to the position of leader. Nobody knows her true motiva-
tions or feelings. She speaks in enigmas and riddles. Her
supporters claim this shows that she's deep and introspective;
her detractors claim it shows she's insane. As the Uktena
representative on the Council, her presence isa guarantee that
meetings will never be boring.

Bonebrush

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Theurge

70

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Attributes: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 1 (1/2/3/3),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6), Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance | (0/0/1/1), Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
s 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,

5, Animal Ken 1, Leadership 1, Survival 4,
Enigmas 4, Occult 5, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Life 5

Gifts: (1) Sense of Sight, Sense Wyrm,
Speech, Shroud; (2) Sense the Unnatural, Sight from Beyond;
(3) Detect Spirits, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible

Rage 2, Gnosis 8, Willpower 3

Rank: 3

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Binding, Rite of Spirit
Awakening, Rite of Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Rite ofthe

Opened Sky
Fetishes: Gaia's Poultice, Baneskin, Sands of Sleep

nse Magic, Spirit

Image: Although of the Lupus breed, Bonebrush never
changes out of her Homid form. She appears as a wizened old
woman with long, matted dirty-gray hair, sagging jowls and
crooked teeth. Her eyes are covered with the milky film of
cataracts, and she's totally blind. Her voice is like the hissing
of a cold wind.

Roleplaying Notes: Bonebrush is totally and incurably
insane. She reacts inappropriately to real stimuli, and responds
to nonexistent stimuli. Sometimes her ramblings seem to flirt
with some horrible sixth sense, as though dancing around some
truth too terrible to state clearly. Most of the time they're
totally devoid of meaning.

Background: The Mukwaam Sept cherishes and protects
Bonebrushas the Black Furies would an tend toan artifact from
ages past. She has some great and mysterious significance to
the sept and the tribe as a whole. She is brought to every tribal
moot and treated with great reverence.

Nobody outside the sept knows just what happened to
Bonebrush to blind her and drive her insane. In fact, nobody


inside the sept knows either, with the possible exception of
Coros herself; they just pretend they do, since admitting their
ignorance to their "lessers" would be too galling. Speculations
and rumors fly wildly, usually hinting that Bonebrush pen-
etrated too deeply into the Umbra and discovered Something
Garou Were Not Meant To Know. Other rumors speculate
that the cause is less gothic, but supernatural nevertheless:
Bonebrush did something to enrage one of the vampires in the
city, and the Kindred cast a baneful spell on her. Whatever the
truth may be, Bonebrush is one of the more mysterious figures
in Vancouver's Garou society.

Wendigo

As the sole surviving truly Native American sept (since the
"adulteration @f the Ukrena), the Wendigo consider
Vancouver and Cahada ‘a8 a whole to be their territory. The
other Garou tribes are there on. theirstifferance whether the
others know it or nétand the non-Amerindian humans are
simply invadets,who wilk@ne day be banished from the land.
Ofcourse, the Wendigo are an intensely honorable tribe, and
the fact that their ancestors swore to uphold the Vancouver
Compact constrains their actions to this day.

Although it's not wise to tell any Wendigo this, the mem-
bers of the tribe based in B.C. have been mellowed considerably
by the generations of peace that the Compact brought about.
Thus, most of the Wendigo in the Vancouver area are more
willing to consider compromise with the Europeans, even
though this compromise is most definitely temporary. They
are more receptive to peaceful solutions to problems, rather
than the Total War favored by their kin elsewhere on the
continent. (This is a generalization, of course, and like all
generalizations, it's misleading.)

Yumbers

There are 45 or so Wendigo in B.C., with no fewer than 15
in the Vancouver area.
Location

Outside the Vancouver region, there are three distinct
septs, each with about 10 members. One holds the Kiskatinaw
Protectorate centered around Fort St. John in the north of the
province, near the Alberta border. The Homathko Protector-
ate is composed almost exclusively of lupus living on the
western slopes of Mount Waddington. Their territory is about
100 miles north-northwest of Powell River.

The third and most militant group is the Mount Currie
Protectorate, centered on and around the Indian reservation of
the same name, about 22 miles north of Whistler Village. The
Wendigo of Mount Currie have many Kinfolk among the
humans who know the true nature of their strange relatives.
This unusual alliance of Garou and humans frequently block
the Duffy Lake Road between Penticton and Liliooet to draw
attention to their land claims. In the Gothic-Punk world,
these roadblocks sometimes turn into ambushes, hostage situ-
ations and shoot-outs with police.

Vancouver is home to the Chupkheem Sept, named in
honor of the Wendigo Theurge who created the Compact. It
has 15 members, most of whom are of the homid breed. Most
of these homids live on Vancouver's two main Indian reserva-
tions the Musqueam reservation on the north bank of the
Fraser River and the reservation between the Second Narrows
Bridge and Deep Cove on the North Shore. This sept generally
holds its private moot on the Musqueam Golf Course, which
is on land leased from the Musqueam band.

Relationship With Other Cribes

The Wendigo remain a proud and noble tribe, and consider
themselves the only true stewards of the North American
continent. Based on this assumption, all other tribes, with the
exception of the Uktena, who originally sprang from native
blood, are interlopers. All Wendigo believe this deep in their
souls.

Yet the B.C. Wendigo are nowhere near as militant about
it as are their kin elsewhere. Members of the Chupkheem Sept
believe there are several problems to be solved, and they must
be handled in order. The first is the encroachment of the
Wyrm. Nothing can be allowed to get in the way of that key
issue not intertribal conflicts, not a campaign to drive out the
"foreign" invaders, not even a good, satisfying scrap with the
cadavers. The Wyrm must be dealt with first, and if that means
agreeing to (temporary) truces with humanity, the other tribes,
and even the Cainites, so be it.

There are only three tribes that the Wendigo view as
distinct from the undifferentiated mass of "those foreigners",
and they are the Silver Fangs, the Bone Gnawers and the
Uktena. They respect the Silver Fangs somewhat grudgingly
solely because the Fangs are arguably the oldest tribe, with the
longest and most meritorious heritage. The Wendigo feel, and
sometimes show, sympathy for the plight of the Gnawers. For
the Uktena, the Wendigo still have feelings of kinship. There
is also a slight amount of contempt. The Uktena are consid-
ered tohave "let their guard down", and the Wendigo attribute
the fate of the Uktena to their neglect of the foreigners.

Jim George

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alermess 2, Athletics 2, Empathy 1, Expression 2,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 2, Drive 2,
Firearms 3, Melee 3, Leadership 5, Stealth 1, Computers 1,
Enigmas 1, Law 2, Politics 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 1, Mentor 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Inspiration, Call the Breeze, Camou-
flage; (2) Jam Technology, Staredown, True Fear; (3) Heart of
Fury, Chill of Early Frost; (4) Stoking Fury's Furnace

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 4

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 71


Rites: Questing Stone, Rite of Spirit Awakening

Fetishes: Elk Tooth Necklace, Clear Water (2 vials)

Image: Jim George will almost always be encountered in his
Homid form. He'sa tall, commanding figure, standing 6'3" and
weighing 230 pounds. There isn't an ounce of fat on his broad-
shouldered frame. His muscles are well developed. His face is
broad, with a wide nose, widely set dark eyes, and black hair
which he ties back in a shoulder length braid. He's in his early
30s.

Roleplaying Notes: George spe
people, on first meeting him, consider him unintelligent. In

ks slowly so slowly that

fact, he's weighing every word he utters, so that what he says
is precisely what he means, no more and no less.
Background: Jim was born and raised on the Musqueam
reservation, where he still lives. His family was considered
weird in the extreme. His father, John George, was already in
his sixties when Jim was born. John George lived alone, and

was considered something of a nutcase because he claimed he
was the last ina long line of shamans who could call "the spirit
of the wolf". As faras the other residents of the reservation were
concerned, John George had no contact with women and no
long-term relationships since he was in his 40s. It came asa

shock when John George walked around the reservation

proudly introducing his neighbors to his new son... The child,
Jim, was the result of a liaison between John George and a
Garou woman, who returned when the child was born to
"foster" him with his father. John George lived long enough to
see his child enter school, but no longer. Jim was raised
cooperatively by multiple families.

The younger George was always treated with respect, but
also with suspicion. This was largely because of his strange
arrival on the reservation, and also partially because of his
father. Who knows, maybe the old man wasashaman... When

Jim started claiming spirits were talking to him from the trees

and the river and the land, his foster parents were almost
convinced thathe had inherited his old man's madness. In any

case, Jim continued to get weirder and weirder until he was
about 15. Then he just disappeared one night, and the reserva-
tion was sure he was gone forever. Maybe, they thought, he had

drowned in the Fraser, or was wandering drunk through the
alleys of downtown Vancouver. He returned unharmed but
somehow changed a month or so later. Everyone treated him
with more respect than ever before, but also began to fear him
as well.

Jim George considers himself part of two threatened societ-
ies with duties to both. The two worlds are parallel, but 2
distinct. He became the youngest leader in the Chupkheem

Iso

Sepr's history, and leads the Garou honorably and well. He is
also their representative on the Council. He serves the
Musqueam reservation by working with the tribal chieftains to
press his people's land claims with the provincial government.
(It's this work that's forced him to learn about the law and

of the

aboutcomputers.) He hasseveral Kinfolk among wolves
North Shore mountains. He has no Kin among the humans of
his reservation... but not through lack of trying!

Jim now waits for the day when he will be too old to lead the
Wendigo, or until another more suited to the task will come
along. It is then that Jim will head north in search of the now-
hidden powers in the ancient forests which were once teeming
with his tribe.

. lege
Ongoing Politics

Thesocial and political situation among Vancouver'sGarou
has been relatively stable for around two decades, but nothing
lasts forever. Now the Garou of Vancouver are closer than
they've ever been to war with the humans. The breakdown of
the Compact and the Covenant is imminent, with all the
chaos that this implies. How has this come about?

There are have been many events that have threatened the
Compact. Any threat to the Compact threatens intertribal
peace and the "cease-fire" with the humans. Chapter Five will
discuss how these events fit in with the threats to the peace
Siegfried has established among the Kindred. They serve to
intensify each other, turning Vancouver into one big powder
keg waiting for a match...

"Che Priest of Gaia'

The Priest of Gaia is the nom de guerre taken by a young and
militant Shadow Lord lupus whose real name is Guttooth. He's
a newcomer to Vancouver, but in the short time he's been in
the area, he's really shaken things up.

Nobody really knows where Guttooth came from. He's a
Shadow Lord, that's certain, and he's not from around
Vancouver. That's about all anyone knows about his back-
ground. He arrived in the city less than a year ago. For the first
six months or so he kept a relatively low profile, apparently
scoping things out and discovering who the movers and
shakers were. Then, six months ago, he declared himself to be
the "Priest of Gaia", the confidant of the spirits, and the
embodiment of the greatest of the Garou virtues.

72. Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Rather predictably, nobody paid much attention at first
Although the Garou have no great messianic traditions, from
time to time some moon-calf steps forward and claims to be
someone significant. More often than not, these individuals
turn out to be insane, either naturally or by the Wyrm. Garou
society takes them in and protects them, curing them of their
malady if possible, but usually without paying attention totheir
"message". Much more rarely, the self-styled messiah will turn
out to be acon man of some kind, out for the equivalent of a
quick buck. A would-be messiah can manage to get access to
prime mates, a larger share of the kill and maybe a minor fetish
or two. These individuals usually don't get too far before
someone sees through their game and sends them packing,
often with fang marks in their hindquarters. The few people
who actually took notice of the "Priest of Gaia" figured he'd
quickly be slotted into one of those two categories and dealt
with in the normal way.

The Priest of Gaia, however, is slowly gathering support.
Garou have started listening to the Priest's message and
accepting his arguments. It started with the young of the
various tribes. The young Garou are chronically the most
dissatisfied with the status quo, ready to throw over what's
worked for decades to try something new and experimental (at
least, that's how the older Garou tend to see it). The Priest was
relatively young himself, so it made perfect sense that he would
have a special appeal to newly initiated cubs or those who had
yet to make their mark in their tribes. The senior Garou,
regardless of tribe, figured the Priest of Gaia would be a fad, a
craze widely discussed fora little while, but forgotten as quickly
as he rose to prominence. They couldn't comprehend that he
could have any real effect on Garou society.

It wasa real shock when the tribal leaders and their advisors
realized what was going on. First, the young of the tribes
weren't losing interest in the Priest of Gaia the way everyone
he

Garou who "should have known better" were starting to pay

1 expected. Second, and more disturbingly, more senior

attention to Guttooth as well. The Priest was charismatic and
convincing, and his message was so seductive that he was really
starting to have an effect. Garou society was undergoing a
change, whether the tribal leaders liked it or not. Most didn't
like it at all.

Guttooth

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 5, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2,
Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 5, Melee 2, Leadership 4, Survival 3,
Politics 5, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 5 (Stalest)

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Fatal Flaw, Spirit Speech, Aura of
Confidence; (2) Name the Spirit, Command Spirit; (3) Um-

bral Sight; (4) Ultimate Argument of Logic, Spirit Drain,
Strength of the Dominator

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 3
Rank: 4

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Praise

Fetishes: Small Klaive

Image: In Homid form, Guttooth isaclean-limbed, athletic

man with tightly curled black hair, finely chiseled features and
piercing black eyes. He's about six feet tall, but his personality
is so strong that he seems much taller. He appears to be in his
early 20s, but he's actually more than a decade older. In Lupus
form, he's a powerful-looking wolf with a midnight black pelt
Guttooth rarely assumes Homid form. He only changes when
he really has to, or when he wants to make a point. He prefers
to be in Glabro form, or even the impressive Crinos.
Roleplaying Notes: Ve
seems to be a true believer. He has a powerful, commanding

articulate, very convincing: he

voice, with the same sense of unstoppable power as a mighty
river.

The Message

The Priest of Gaia's message is basically nothing that the
Garou of Vancouver haven't heard before. It isan indictment
of the leaders who continue to pander to the Wyrm. They turn
aside from the old ways and the old war, forgetting about the
The Garou, Guttooth argues, have
abdicated their responsibility to what they claim to revere.

duty they owe to Gaia.

The gray-haired Theurges and the nobly scarred leaders repeat
the old words about continued stewardship of Gaia and oppo-
sition tothe Wyrm, butactions speak louder than words. What
do the Garou's actions tell about what's in their hearts?
Look at the major innovations in Garou society over the
past several generations, the Priest of Gaia suggests. What have
the People of Vancouver added to the old Ways? The
extended Vancouver Compact and the Covenant have been

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 73


their only real achievements. What is the Compact? It is an
agreement under which the Garou will not intervene in the
affairs of the humans. Those humans continue raping Gaia, the
Bountiful Mother. The tribal leaders say that abiding by the
Compact is honorable; is there any honor in abdicating a
divine responsibility? No, the Priest of Gaia argues, the Com-
pact is a creation of the Wyrm and must be torn up.

The Priest of Gaia saves his sharpest criticism for the Silver
Fangs, particularly Montgomery Abercom, the de facto leader
ofthe Vancouver Garou. "Look at what Silver Fang leadership
has brought," he argues. "They have used the Compact as an
opportunity to further their own power. As this happens, we
sit on our paws and do nothing!"

The only answer, he claims, isdirectand violentaction. The
Garou must go to war against the humans, decreasing their
numbers to a level where they can't harm Gaia. They must
eliminate their damaging technologies and reinstate the
Impergium. Anything else is compromise. Certainly some
would say the Garou can't win a genocidal war with the apes.
The Garouare vastly outnumbered. The Priest of Gaia accepts
that this argument sounds logical at first. But what these
cowards are forgetting, Guttooth claims, is that the war will be
forGaia. How could Gaia herself not throw her support behind
herwarriors? Why wouldn'tshe send help in the form of spirits,
elementals and other avengers? Alone, the Garou would
certainly be extinguished in Total War. They won't be alone.
Gaia will aid them.

There's nothing substantively new in what Guttooth is
saying. Others within the Garou community have said all of
this before, but nobody has said it as convincingly or evoca-
tively as Guttooth. Nobody has brought to the message the
same degree of emotional commitment as the Priest of Gaia
displays. (Considering Guttooth's high scores in Charisma,
Manipulation, Wits, Expression, Subterfuge, Leadership and
Politics, this is hardly surprising...) Even those Garou who
listen to him and are predisposed to reject everything he's got
to say sometimes find themselves won over by his sheer
emotional intensity and commitment to what he's saying. (Is
he using his Gifts to increase his impact? His detractors claim
he is, but nobody has actually caught him at it.) Because of his
apparent youth, Guttooth's impact with the younger Garou is
very great. New cubs are more predisposed to listen to someone

their own age and of their own generation than the leaders of
their tribe who are often twice their age or more.

When he started his "campaign", the Priest of Gaia didn't
begin by speaking openly at one of the moots held at the Great
Caern. He understood that, while the Ways would guarantee
hima right to be heard, the elders of the different tribes would
also be able to refute and "dilute" his message with their own
counter-arguments. Instead, he approached various tribes at
their private moots.

It would be more precise to say that he focused on specific
packs within the different tribes. He knew when and where the
moots would be taking place and made sure he was nearby
when they broke up. When their Run was complete, he'd
arrange things so he could speak with the individuals he had

"targeted". These were usually the youngest and newest
members of the sept. If he knew that certain individuals were
particularly disenchanted with the way the tribal leaders were
running things, he would target them specifically.

At first, the sept leaders and the representatives on the
Council didn't know what the Priest of Gaia was up to. They
knew that a Shadow Lord was talking to their younger mem-
bers, but they paid little to no attention. Afterall, the Shadow
Lords were always playing some kind of political game, but
rarely with any real effect.

The tribal elders only started to sense that something might
be happening when the young malcontents within their own
tribes became more vociferous in their demands for action
against the "human threat". Even then, they didn't realize this
was happening in multiple tribes. They thought instead that
it was an isolated event specific to their tribe. Some leaders
suspected that an outside influence was stirring up the young
Garou, and a couple even realized it was Guttooth. Nobody
took action. What action could they take, anyway? Guttooth
had contravened none of the Ways of the Garou and broken
no tribal or sept laws. He had planned his strategy carefully.

ope of support

The first time thatanyone truly realized the s
for the Priest of Gaia was at a general moot several months ago.
Guttooth requested the privilege of addressing the gathering
and was recognized by the Council. He then gave an impas-
sing the dangers of continued

sioned speech, stres
nonintervention with the ways of the humans and the terrible
consequences for Gaia. The tribal leaders were surprised.
Despite themselves, they were impressed by his evocative
presentation. They didn't really worry about him. Others had
said much the same thing at earlier moots with no effect.
Granted, Guttooth was a much better speaker than any of
these earlier speakers, but the leaders considered him an
isolated voice, one that they could easily outweigh by voicing
their continued support for the status quo.

It was then that they realized Guttooth wasn't an isolated
voice. One after another, youths from all tribes stood to speak
in support of the Priest of Gaia. They didn't speak as well, of
course, but as more and more Garou rose to express their
support, the tribal leaders realized just how much Guttooth
had affected them. Then the older Garou rose in support as
well, individuals of higher Rank than the "pups" who had
initially spoken. The Council of Representatives and the
other leaders had to realize that there was significant, multi-
tribal support for the Priest of Gaia. This support could well
tear apart the peace that had existed for two decades.

Tribal Reactions

There's some support for the Priest of Gaia's "policies"
within each tribe, but the effects of that support differ exten-
sively. Just as there are impassioned individuals within each
tribe who believe strongly in the ideas of the Priest of Gaia,
there is skepticism in each of the tribes as well.

74 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Black Furies

Ingeneral, the Furies' leaders agree with the Priest of Gaia's
ideas. The Compact is a bad idea, granted, and direct action is
more in keeping with the Black Furies philosophy than com-
promise, nonintervention and political machinations.

Yet the Furies are seasoned enough warriors to recognize a
losing proposition when they see one. Total War is attractive
as an abstraction, but there's no way the Garou could win.
They're outnumbered and outgunned. The moment the
humans realize that something in the wilderness is fighting
back, they'll do whatever it takes to destroy the wilderness
that's the way monkeys think. They can certainly do it.
Outright, Total War will bring on the Apocalypse, the defeat
of the Garou and the destruction of Gaia.

What about the Priest of Gaia's promises of help from Gaia
herself? Presumably this means that the Celestines or other
powerful forces from the Deep Umbra will throw in their lot
with the G:
anyone have that the promised support will appear? Again, the

rou. That's a nice idea, but what evidence does

Furies are experienced enough warriors to know what happens
to battle plans that depend on allies who don't show up. All
in all, the Furies leaders find themselves in the unenviable
position of arguing for caution, for continued peace, even

though their deepest instincts counsel for war

Bone Gnawers

The elder Gnawers see every challenge to the Compact as

athreat to their continued existence. Living within the city,
they know more about the humans than any tribe other than
the Glass Walkers. This means they know the destructive
forces the humans could bring to bear on the Garou and Gaia
herself if Total War were ever to break out. They also know

more about human weaknesses, however, and believe that

there's a chance, even if its an incredibly slim one, that the
Garou might win.

This victory would have a terrible cost. Human and Garou
populations would be decimated. Huge areas of Gaia would be
totally laid waste. After the fighting's done, there'll be no one
capable of holding back the Wyrm. The ancient foe will move
into the power vacuum and turn the entire land into
Wyrmeround.

Certainly, the elders can understand the dissatisfaction of
the younger members of the tribe. They're tired of living on
humanity's scraps and leavings, and they want to fight back in
anoble struggle. What's so noble about wasting your efforts on
a lesser foe, simply to have nothing left to combat the greater?

Children of Gaia

Predictably, the leadership for the Children of G:

a is

been

horrified by the turn of events. For decades, they he
counseling moderation. They demand the recognition that
humans are as much Gaia's creatures as the Garou. Finally, in

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest


the form of the extended Compact, they have recognition
from the other tribes that peace and compromise isn't such a
bad thing. Now this self-styled "Priest of Gaia", this rabble-
rouser, comes along and threatens to destroy all their hard-won
gains. What makes it worse is that one or two of their younger
members Children of Gaia, who should presumably know
better are supporting some of Guttooth's ideas.

Well, the Children haven't worked so hard for so long to
have things overturned. They'll do whatever it take within
their own moral and ethical limits, of course to minimize the
damage the Priest of Gaia can do.

Fianna

The Fianna as a whole have always been strong supporters
of the Compact and its extensions. To some extent, this
support is an outgrowth of the tribe's respect for order and
justice. Whether it is right or wrong, all the tribes of the Garou
have "signed off" on the Compact, and, by all that's holy, they
have to abide by their agreements. What makes it even more

importantisthat the Fianna elders think the Compactisa good
agreement. It eliminates irrelevant conflicts between tribes
and with the humans, keeping a clear focus on the real issue,
ongoing resistance to the Wyrm. Brendan Dooley and other
elder Fianna recognize that the Compact has, indirectly, given
the Garou more influence over the actions of the humans than

they would have otherwise. For these reasons, any attempt to

overthrow the Compact is both unethical and counterproduc-
tive.

Not all Fianna agree with this. Other senior Fianna aren't
as tightly-wedded to the Compact as is Dooley, and see this as
a good opportunity to diminish Dooley's influence over the
tribe. Even though they personally think the Priest of C
aflake, some are supporting Guttooth's arguments. This is not
being done publicly; that might cause Dooley to take some
action. Privately, Garou who have influence over the younger
re voicing their opinions. If his Dooley's rivals
can.use this issue asa lever to unseat him, once they have power
they'll probably reverse their opinion again and support the
Compact. For the moment, for some Fianna, it's politically a
good idea to be seen as supportive of Total War.

Get of Fenris

Well, this is just what the Get of Fenris have been waiting
for: a banner behind which they can rally in Total War against
the hated humans. Oris it? Like the Black Furies, the Get have
come to realize that the Compact eliminates "distractions" in
the war against the Wyrm. It gives them some influence over
the actions of the Vancouver humans, allowing the Garou to
use the monkeys as tools against the Wyrm. While noble war
is, inandofits
the real purpose of that war, and the real enemy. Are the
humans the real enemy, or is it the Wyrm? Like the Bone
Gnawers, some of the Get's leadership fears that war with the
humans will leave the worlda blasted wasteland into which the
Wyrm can expand unchallenged.

ia is

sept member

If, an attractive concept, it wouldn'tdo to forget

These thoughts are too deep, and involve too much under-
standing of politics, for many of the tribe's youth. All they see
is that the "old" leaders have lost the fire in the belly that drives
the young. The chance to strike a noble blow against the
despoilers of Gaia is before the Garou, but what are the tribal
leaders doing? Nothing.

To complicate things still further, the Get's leaders realize
there's a third course of action, one that will benefit their tribe
and, indirectly, all the Garou. Tear up the Compact, certainly,
bur don't go to war. With the Compact annulled, the Get will
take over sole control and responsibility for the Great Caern.
Obviously, they are the tribe best qualified for the honor.
Maybe it would be best to support the Priest of Gaia for the
moment, or at least not work against him, until the Compact
is eliminated.

Glass Walkers

Daly and his advisors think that the Priest of Gaia is "off his
nut". Overthrowing the Compact and going to war with the
humans will accomplish nothing but the destruction of the
Garou. It's that simple. The tribe must do whatever it can to
make sure everyone else understands this too.

Of course, there's a Catch-22 here. Daly knows it all too
well. Most other tribes have a strong "knee-jerk" reaction to
the Glass Walkers, and will be predisposed to reject anything
they put forward. Thus, overt Glass Walker opposition to
Guttooth might just strengthen the charismatic Garou''s hold
over others. If"reverse psychology" were actually symmetrical,
the best thing Daly could do is throw his tribe's vociferous
support behind Guttooth, but nothing is ever that simple. As
it is, Daly must keep his lobbying quiet and personal.

Red Talons

There is only one thing about the Priest of Gaia that the
Talons don't understand: how coulda Shadow Lord have such
insight into the way the Red Talons view reality?

The Red Talons wholeheartedly support Guttooth's call to
Total War. After all, it's something they have counseled for
decades. Any peace with the humans and the cadavers is tacit
peace with the Wyrm, and that goes against everything that
Garou stand for. Finally, the other tribes are starting to face
reality, and understand that the Garou have no choice but to
hurl themselves into the fray.

The Priest of Gaia isn't perfect, of course. He still clings to
some strange ideas. This business about "support from Gaia
herself" is nonsense, of course. The Garou are alone in this;
they've always been alone. So what? So what if the Total War
is one they're doomed to lose? That's what the Apocalypse is
all about. It's much better to go into the great void covered in
the blood of your enemy than hiding and whimpering in some
cave.

Shadow Lords

At first, when he realized the profound effect the Priest of
Gaia was having on the Garou, Lukasz Kawecki couldn't have

76 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

been happier. Here was this Shadow Lord doing more to
undermine confidence in the policiesof Montgomery Abercom,
and the Silver Fangs in general, than he and his tribe had
achieved in years, Obviously, this loyal Shadow Lord was
arranging things so that his superior, Kawecki, would be able
to take over as de facto leader of the Garou in the Vancouver
area. Kawecki quietly approached Guttooth to make sure that
the "Priest of Gaia" was prepared for all the actions Abercom
might take to resist his ouster.

To Kawecki's outrage, he discovered that Guttooth had no
intention whatsoever of installing Lukasz as leader of the
Garou: he intended to take the position himself. Kawecki
cajoled, threatened, even tried to play upon Guttooth's tribal
loyalty all with no result. Guttooth wasn't doing this for the
greater glory of the Shadow Lords, but for his own personal
aggrandizement. That's how Kawecki interpreted it, at least.
It didn't occur to Kawecki that maybe, just maybe, Guttooth
had more in mind than gaining personal power.

Kawecki went off and thought about this for a while. His
rage grew stronger and stronger. While he relished seeing the
"Priest of Gaia" whittle away at Abercorn's influence, it galled
him no end that he wouldn't be the one to benefit from it.
When his rage had reached the bursting point, he enlisted the
help of three of the less honorable Garou and sent them to
"silence" Guttooth once and for all. Grimly satisfied, he sat
back and waited for his "soldiers" to report.

Only two returned, and both suffered from grievous aggra-
vated wounds. They did as they were instructed: they waited
until Guttooth was alone, and then fell upon him to rend and
slay. But before their claws could so much as score his pelt,
something had fallen upon them some sort of spirit presence
that rent one of their number limb from limb before they were
even aware of it. The other two tried to press the attack, but
were set upon before they could. The only alternative was
fighting to the death, with no chance whatsoever of harming
Guttooth. They chose a tactical retreat.

Kawecki doesn't know what this means. He trusts the skull-
breakers he sentafter Guttooth, and knows there is no way that
the "Priest" could have bested all three of them by himself. He
must have some kind of spiritual ally. What could it be?

Since the "incident", the Priest of Gaia has been more
vociferous in his claims that spirits from the Deep Umbra will
protect the Garou in their Total War in the same way that they
protect him personally. Is that the truth? Kawecki wonders. Is
Guttooth under the protection of the Celestines or some other
mysterious champion of Gaia? Isthe defendersomething more
ill-aspected a Bane, perhaps? Kawecki doesn't know. The
whole issue warrants more thought.

As forthe rest of the Shadow Lord tribe, they largely support
the Priest of Gaia. After all, he isa member of their tribe. He's
preaching exactly what their own leadership has proposed all
along: the removal of the Compact andall other machinations
of the hated Silver Fangs.

Silent Striders

Galen Hawes and Cathy Saynesbury are both outspoken
opponents of the Priest of Gaia's plans. The more itinerant
members of the tribe who have heard of Guttooth's proposals
oppose them too. Still, there's very little they can do. As a
group, the Silent Striders are generally distrusted by most
Garou, and theirarguments count for little with the disaffected
youths that the Priest of Gaia has won to his side.

Silver Fangs

As the popularly accepted champions of the Compact, it's
nosurprise that the Silver Fang leadership strongly opposes the
Priest of Gaia's arguments. The Compact was brought in for
very good reasons, and the benefits it represented at its incep-
tion still exist today. The senior Silver Fangs argue that it
would harm the Garou as a whole, and Gaia herself, to break
the agreement.

The vast majority of the tribe agree. There are only one or
two junior Silver Fangs who have fallen prey to Guttooth's
seductive arguments, and even they waver from time to time.
The rest believe that Silver Fang honor requires them to
combat this challenge to their leadership.

Still, the tribe can't act decisively against this threat to the
peace. Abercom and his advisors are realistic enough to sense
that many of the tribes would like to see the Silver Fangs
brought down a few notches. This means that too many of the
Garou will interpret any action on the Silver Fangs' part to
block Guttooth asjustan attempt toshore up their own sagging
fortunes and retain their position of dominance.

As if things weren't complex enough, some of Abercorn'
advisors believe that this whole "Priest of Gaia sideshow"
actually some machination of Kawecki's, a Shadow Lord
strategy to take over leadership of the Garou. Abercorn
believes that Kawecki is as put out by this as he is, but the
possibility remains, and Abercorn can't ignore it. This forces
him to consider, at every juncture, whether he is responding in
a way that Kawecki might be directing him.

Stargazers

Jacques Lapointe finds the whole situation very depressing.
He doesn't believe for a moment that the self-styled "Priest of
Gaia" is any closer to the "mind of Gaia" than any ambitious
Garou. In his years, he's learned to recognize naked ambition
for what it is. He's particularly saddened by the alacrity with
which so many other Garou have accepted Guttooth's claims
of "enlightenment" as the truth. He has spoken often and well
against the "Priest's" propositions, but he recognizes all too
well that many Garou distrust members of his tribe.

There's more to this whole situation than meets the eye.
Although he's not as close to the "mysteries" as the Uktena,
Lapointe has a reasonable understanding of things spiritual.
There's something that feels... well, not quite wrong, but at
least different... about the whole thing. He possesses certain
Gifts that should make it easy for him to see through any lies.
Yet these Gifts seem suspiciously useless in analyzing Guttooth

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 77


and his statements. Why is this? It's a question that requires
much more deliberation.

Uktena

Asa tribe, the Uktena are divided in their reactions to all
of this. As individuals, they're heartily confused by this whole
"Priest of Gaia" rigmarole. On one hand, they would purely
love to see the Compact eliminated, because that would give
them an excellent opportunity to gain exclusive control over
the Great Caem and its powerful bound spirits. The Priest of
Gaia has a very good chance of ousting the Silver Fangs from
power and bringing the Shadow Lords to dominance. The
Uktena have never been too enthused about helping Kawecki
and his followers to replace Abercom. They do know that
trustingthe Shadow Lord tokeep his promises would be foolish
in the extreme. If he happens to become the new leader by
himself, he'll be much easier to manipulate than the Silver

Fang leadership ever was. Also, if Guttooth succeeds on his

own, the basically honorable Uktena will no longer be bound
by any agreements they made with the Lords

There's something highly disturbing about this Priest of
Gaia. The Uktena have access to so much spiritual influence
and magic. Seeing into the soul of a simple Shadow Lord
should be easy. Yet none of the most adept among the Uktena
have been able to answer even the simplest of questions about
Guttooth: does he believe what he's saying or not? The
charismatic Garou seems to be under some form of spiritual
protection that blocks all the Uktena's usual techniques of
analysis.

What does that mean' Is itasGuttooth says: ishe the chosen
of Gaia, protected from all enemies and rivals by powerful
spirits, or isheanagentofthe Wyrm, protected by Banes?Since
his appearance, Uktena have made frequent and extensive
trips into the Deep Umbra trying to answer those questions. So
far, they've been unable to determine anything of use.

Fora tribe so used to knowing the answers to those enigmas
that bedevil others, thisisanewand highly disturbing situation
to be in.

Wenvdigo

The Wendigo are also split over the issues raised by the

Priest of Gaia. Jim George, leader of the moderate Chupkheem
Sept, is disturbed by the whole thing. He wholeheartedly
believes that there are several problems that must be solved in
order. To his way of thinking, Guttooth is confusing the issue
somuch that this logical progression is being lost. This can only
harm the Garou as a whole.

The younger, more militantmembers of the septsee Guttooth
as a kindred spirit. They hear his words about the "old folks'
policies of nonintervention" and find they resonate with their
own emotions. It's only right, they believe, that the Garou
should strive against the invading humans.

Then there are other issues that bother the youths. The
Garou promoting this view is an invader himself, isn't he? He's
aShadow Lord, and hence one of the European interlopers. Do

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

the Shadow Lords simply plan to replace the domination of the
Silver Fangs with a rule of their own?

All in all, the Priest of Gaia is a breath of fresh air in an
environment that the youths find all too stagnant and confin-
ing.

Motivations

Does Guttooth serve Gaia? Is he anagent of the Wyrm? Or
does he only serve himself? The Garou of Vancouver have
different opinions on this issue. There is evidence for each of
these possibilities. Most Garou will feel drawn to one of these
three interpretations. To complicate the lives of characters
trying to penetrate the mystery, friends, colleagues and rivals
they meet might argue for any of these possibilities, potentially

putting the characters ontoa totally false trail. The Storyteller
must choose which interpretation he wants to use when

running adventures in Vancouver.

Possibility Number One:
Guttooth is of the Wyrm

Guttooth has been chosen, all right, but not by Gaia. He's
a servant of the Wyrm, an agent of the Ancient Enemy's
corruption. His goal is to drive the Garou toward Total War
with the humans. It's a fight they can't win, one that will send
them to their doom. (This means that, again, he's an agent of
the Apocalypse

Thisanswer raises several subsidiary questions. Ifhe''

tainted
by the Wyrm's corruption possessed by a Bane, for example
why can those Garou capable of sensing the Wyrm not detect
it? There can be several answers, and individual Storytell
can pick the one or more of the following suggestions that fit
the nature of their Chronicle.

The first possible answer is that Guttooth is a pawn of the
Defiler Wyrm. This entity can grant some of its minions the
ability to conceal its taint from Garou senses, but doing so is
exceptionally difficult. Masking the taint of the Wyrm is
"expe

ive" in terms of energy, time, or perhaps even the souls

of creatures it must kill to weave its foul magic. The cost is
much too high for the Wyrm to do this often, but, when the
stakes are high enough, itcan doit. This implies that the "Priest
of Gaia" is of great significance in the Wyrm's plans. This kind
of magical screening also explains why the Uktena and others
cannot sense Guttooth's motivations and thoughts or deter-
mine whether he's telling the truth. Perhaps Guttooth is
guarded by spirits both physically and magically, but not the
good aspected ones he describes. Guttooth's plans for war
imply that, ifhe isa minion of the Wyrm, it isthe Beast-of-War.
However, the Beast-of-War cannot grant its followers immu-
nity from the Garou's senses. So how does Guttooth hide his
taint?

The second possibility is that Guttooth believes every word
he's saying, explicitly and implicitly. That's why the Uktena
and others have not caught him in a lie. He's not lying, but
telling the truth as he believes it. He was approached by spirits;
he was told he was the Chosen of Gaia, and he set upon the

path he now follows. Unfortunately the spirits who told him
this were servants of the Wyrm, and every word they spoke was
a lie. In this case, the spirits who protect him from physical
harm are also agents of the Wyrm. There's no need to screen
his mind from those who would read it to learn if he's telling
the truth since he is telling the truth.

Whateverthe actual details may be, the Garou of Vancouver
can consider themselves honored in a dark, ironic way. Obvi-
ously the arrangements they've made have limited the spread
of the Wyrm so much that the Ancient Enemy has gone to
extremes to eliminate his foes. You've got to be important to
have important enemies.

Possibility Murnber Two:
Chosen of Gaia

Guttooth is telling the truth: he is the Chosen of Gaia.
Spirits from the Deep Umbra have groomed him for the task

athand, shaking the Vancouver Garou out of their stable some
agnant" state and forcing them to examine the

would

world in new ways.
Opponents of Guttooth have claimed thatthe youngGarou

is using manipulation, subterfuge and persuasive Gifts to
9 what? His skills and aptitudes

attract followers to his caus
are all gifts bestowed by Gai
those gifts on her behalf?

so how could it be wrong to use

Certain Garou have realized that the Priest of Gaia
protected in certain ways by forces beyond their comprehen-
sion. Kawecki's "expediters" found this out to their detriment,
while the Uktena sages are frustrated by the way their probes

are blocked. As Guttooth claims, these forces are agents of
Gaia, or perhaps the Wyld: powerful spirits, perhaps the
elected and groomed him for his task.

ones who s

Just what is Guttooth's task? Is he an agent of the Apoca-
lypse, the mysterious figure who is to lead the Garou into the
final war which will end in their destruction?

Is this a kind of test? Perhaps this is a way of finding out if
the Garou are truly committed, willing to do the Right Thing
even ifit costs theirown lives. (In variousmythologies, godsare
notorious for tests like this.) If this is the case, then the Priest
of Gaia will stir up the Garou until they're ready for the final
assault and then turn away from the precipice. War will be
averted, pethapsat the last possible moment, and the tribes will
ence they choose. One
thing is for sure: they'll never be quite so complacent in their

be allowed to return to whatever exis

view of existence again.

Possibility Murnber Three:
Neither Gaia Nor Wyrm

Guttooth is lying through his teeth, and this whole thing is
nothing but a cunning power play. A skilled con artist,
Guttooth has determined the one spiel that will win more of
the Garouto his side than any other: a call to Total Waragainst
the humans. Absolutely everything he's done has been simple
political maneuvering. By playing on the prejudices, fear and
rage of the Garou, he intends to sweep away the current tribal

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 79


leadership in the Vancouver area, mainly by labeling it "teac-
tionary" and sz

ing it is opposed to the "holy war" to save Gaia.
He'll whip the Garou into such a fury that they will oust their
leaders and transfer all their loyalty and obedience to the
"Priest of Gaia". Once Abercorn, Kawecki and the rest are
gone, he'll calm things down again before war actually breaks
out. The way he figures it, once he's convinced that Gaia has
told him to start a war, it should be easy enough to claim that
Gaia told him the time is no longer right and that the war
should be "postponed". This is one of the major advantages of
claiming "the spirits told me to do it": spirits are notoriously
mercurial and inconstant.

Unfortunately, Guttooth might be a little overconfident in
his ability to bring the Garou back from the brink of war once
the old leaders are gone. While he's convinced that it is he has
won the allegiance of the Garou to do with as he wills, it's

actually his message that has caught them up. His "followe

are actually convinced that Total War is the only just and
noble way to go. While his charisma and eloquence definitely
helped win them over to accept the truth of his message,
they're not holding "his" followers now. The difficulty he'll
have in "turning off" the war is inversely proportion to the
effectiveness with which he turned it on. To use an analogy,
he's like a man who started a raging river flowing downhill by
opening the spillway on a dam. Stopping the water that's
already flowing is going to be a lot more difficult than closing
the spillway.

80

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

JRzz|

There are several questions remaining. How come the
Uktena and others have been unable to determine that
Guttooth is lying? Who or what defeated Kawecki's bully-
boys?

Possibly Guttooth hasallied himself with various ill-aspected
spirits of the Deep Umbra. These could be Banes, but more
likely they're spirits that aren't so closely tied to the Wyrm. In
return for future "favors", these mysterious entities are protect-
ing him and shielding his deception from the prying magics of
suspicious Garou elders, and physically defending him.

Guttooth might not consider such a deal as foolish as it
sounds. He might have some plan in mind for reneging on the
deal once he has what he wants. (Perhaps when he has total
control of the Great Caern, he can use the power of its bound
spirits to obliterate, or at least drive off, his erstwhile allies.)
Perhaps, Guttooth simply hasn't thought that far. Many times,
intense ambition brings with it a kind of short-sightedness,
where ardor blinds people to the consequences of theiractions.
Quite simply, he might not have given sufficient thought to
what comes after he's leader of the Vancouver Garou. (It'salso
quite possible that the Wyrm has clouded his thoughts suffi-
ciently that he's not thinking ahead well enough.)

Anotherinteresting possibility is that Guttooth just doesn't
know who or what is protecting him. Obviously some spirits
have taken an interest in what he's doing and decided on their
own to help him out without discussing it with him. These
spirits could be agents of the Wyrm or less obviously aligned


entities. Nobody, least of all Guttooth, knows what their
motives might be, or their eventual goals.

This probably disturbs him at a profound level. Something
powerful is watching over him, for its own mysterious reasons.
It must have occurred to him that it could be the Wyrm.
Keeping that possibility in mind, how could he continue with
his plan?

Maybe he figures things have gone just too far to turn back,
or perhaps he believes he can "deal with" the Wyrm once he's
pulled the Garou back from the brink of war. If his secret
protector is the Wyrm, that implies the Ancient Enemy thinks
he's truly leading the Garou toward the Apocalypse, but that
isn't right, is it? Guttooth could find many ways of justifying to
himself why he should continue, regardless of the Wyrm's
involvement.

Finally, he could have convinced himself that Gaia is
protecting him, for whatever reason. The
believe this deep down, of course, and his doubts probably
manifest themselves in some pretty horrendous nightmares.

Bringing in the Cadavers

If the Storyteller is running the "Wheels Within Wheels"
and "War and Peace" crossover stories described in the Chap-

'sno way he could

ter Five, Guttooth is probably a con man, trying to sweep away
current Garou leadership so he can take over. Possibility #3 is
the most likely one for the adventure in Chapter 5. As
described in the next chapter, he and some of the Kindred have
devised this plot together. In this case, Guttooth might have
no "spirit protectors". It's the Kindred who are preventing the

elder Garou from learning the truth, and it was a vampire who
kicked the stuffing out of Kawecki's enforcers.

All three of these possibilities fit the observable facts.
Storytellers can drop "red herring" hints to make one of the
options seem correct, and then make another one seem more
likely, adding intrigue and complexity to the story. The
Storyteller must remember which option is the true one, and
adjust his campaign accordingly.

Condusion

Although the Priest of Gaiais leadingthe Vancouver Garou
toward war, for whatever reason, the Apocalypse is not coming
immediately. Even though Guttooth has gained quite a follow-
ing, any society has an innate resistance to change. While the
more militant young Garou might be talking about war, there's
a big difference between discussing a genocidal, suicidal con-
flict around a nice, comfortable bonfire and actually ripping
out throats. Guttooth still has a long way to go before war is
close. Of course, many of the elder Garou will be doing
whatever they can to prevent things from ever going that far.

The situation is sufficiently volatile that the players can
really make a difference on either side of the issue. Will they
throw in their lot with the Priest of Gaia and help drive the
Garou toward Total War? Will they join the elders in trying to
council peace? Or will they take some middle course, perhaps
simply trying to stay uninvolved? Whichever course they
follow, the political situation in Vancouver will make sure
they're faced with many challenges.

Chapter Three: On the Margin of the Forest 81


Dark Alliance: Vancouver


There is no god up in the sky, tonight

No sign of heaven, anywhere in sight

Pigface, "Suck"

The Kindred consider Vancouver to be a unique city, not
only because of its past, but also because of its present and its
effect on the rest of the vampire community. Most princes
elsewhere in the world know of Vancouver and are aware of its

reputation asa "safe haven'
in Vancouver. The Anarchs and th
efforts, still haven't infiltrated the city. The Camarilla has left

. The Masquerade is firmly in plac
Sabbat, despite their best

the city's vampires to do very much as they please.

There are many ways to get the characters involved in
Vancouver, but getting them there is more of a problem. A
character can't really be native to the city unless she was turned
before the prince's laws were promulgated. She must gain
entrance either by land, sea or air. If she's traveling alone, this
will not be a problem. The werewolves around the city have
agreed to let in single vampires, as long as they don't suspect
them of being part of a group trying to enter one by one. If the
players are coming in with a group, there are several methods
the Storyteller can use to allow them to bypass the Garou's
security around the city. One method is to let them somehow
‘slip by" the lupines, perhaps due to squabbles within the tribes
leading to a decrease in attention. Another method is to
ambush the characters with lupines on their way to the city

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise...

This fight to get to the city could be a small story in itself. Once
the vampires are within the city limits, the werewolves will
give up the chase.

Politics of the Dammed

All politicians will lie when its politically expedient. The people

demand it of them
- Greg Bear

Theoretically, the political structure of Vancouver should
be quite straightforward. Siegfried is said to rule with absolute
power, and no one should question his authority. Unfortu-
nately, this isn't quite the case. Unlike most cities, the Prince
of Vancouver has not only been around since the city started,
he actually founded the city. Siegfried knows everything there

is to know about the city: where havens are, where the best

k from

feeding grounds are, what the fastest way to False Cre
Water
everything about the vampires who inhabit Vancouver. Many

treet is...everything. However, Siegfried doesn't know

of them have their own private agendas, and some are not quite
what they seem to be:


Major Players

The following sub-sections introduce the major "movers
and shakers" in Vancouver and their connections with the
important political machinations going on in the city. These
characters are discussed in more personal detail later in this
chapter under the "clans" section.

Siegfried

Siegfried controls much of Vancouver's resources. Both The
Vancouver Sun and The Province, the city's two main newspa-
pers, are owned by holding companies which in turn are
ultimately owned by the prince. The province's major televi-
sion stations and many of the radio stations are also owned by
Siegfried. Whena Huntiscalled against someone in Vancouver,
the media will print or report a seemingly normal story which
will be filled with code words understood by Siegfried's brute
squad. This will efficiently alert everyone who would partici-
pate in the Hunt.

British Columbia's main source of revenue is from forestry
products. Siegfried owns a company called Macmann and
Blundel (M&B), the main forestry company of the province.
As part of the negotiations for peace with the Garou, Siegfried
promised not to log certain areas of the province. He ensured
that those area that were logged and replanted as efficiently as
possible. So far, Siegfried has kept his promise to the lupines,
but recently there have been some problems.

Many of Vancouver's night clubs are owned by vampires,
though not necessarily by vampires who currently live in the
city. This "absentee landlord" situation is another thing that
distinguishes Vancouver from other cities frequented by the
Kindred. The two main vampire clubs, Luv-A-Fair and
Graceland, are owned by Siegfried and operated by his ghouls.
The city's vampires can come and go within these establish-
ments. They can feed off the patrons as long as the city rule
about not killing vessels is upheld.

Siegfried also has vast influence over the city police and the
local government. Even the RCMP isn't beyond the prince's
influence. If someone is disturbing the peace of the city, they
might find themselves thrown in jail and left there until it's
dangerously close to sunrise. Control of the government and
law enforcement agencies also ensures that Siegfried's clubs
aren't bothered during the night. Business licenses for other
elders who might want to invest in Vancouver can be provided
or withheld depending on how the prince feels about the
individual in question.

Absolute control over Vancouver is very important to the
prince fora couple of very good reasons. If for some reason the
prince were to be deposed, he'd have nowhere to run. The
Garou watch the roads, marinas and airport with great vigi-
lance. Most of the outlying districts, as well as towns in the
interior of the province, are also firmly in the hands of the
lupines. For these and other reasons, Siegfried struggles to
maintain iron control over Vancouver and its surrounding
suburbs.

84

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

On the surface, the prince appears to be ruling the city with
an iron first. In reality, however, the politics of the city
sometimes called "Hollywood North" are changing rapidly.
Recently, Siegfried sent several of his most trusted vampires to
Victoria to find out what had happened to the small vampire
population on Vancouver Island. These lieutenants have
failed to return. There isno evidence of what has happened to
them. The loss of these powerful enforcers has left Siegfried's
position somewhat weakened, allowing his enemies to initiate
plans to overthrow him. In addition to the loss of these
vampires, Siegfried's attention has now been drawn away from
happenings in Vancouver. It is now concentrated on the
"sleepy" city of Victoria, just at the time when he should be
totally focused on his own territory.

Julie Foster

Julie is the trusted lover of Siegfried and has been with him
for about two hundred years. Julie is completely loyal to the
prince and would follow him into Final Death if necessary.
Julie has no interest in the political dealings of Vancouver. She
knows of Siegfried's holdings and helps in managing some of
his companies. Julie is initially concerned with Victoria be-
cause it is bothering Siegfried.

Any newcomers to the city who want to contact Siegfried
must go through Julie first. Ifa vampire can win the confidence
of Julie, she'll petition the prince to grant an audience.
Vampires going before the prince had better have adamn good
reason to see him, and if they plan to make any accusations
about other Kindred who have broken the Prince's Laws, they
better have incontrovertible evidence.

Stalest

Stalest originally fled to Vancouver many yearsago when an
attempted coup against the prince of her city ended in failure.
(She won't say what city that was.) She was impressed with
how Siegfried had set up "his" city, and has been secretly
plotting his overthrowsince then. Unknown toanyone except
Necross, she has a small following of vampires in Vancouver,
most of whom are blood bound to her. She has also secretly
made contact with one of the lupines living in the Vancouver
area (actually, Guttooth of the Shadow Lords). The two of
them have devised a plot to force conflict between the Kindred
and Garou of British Columbia. The two of them will then deal
with their respective societies, earning their respect. Stalest
has also invested in several organizations, including anti-
logging groups. These organizations oppose Siegfried's
companies, creating more headaches for the prince and
distracting his attention from the vampire community.

The loss and possible destruction of the vampires who went
to Victoria has finally given Stalest the opportunity to start her
major campaign. Her main strategy is to discredit Siegfried's
ability to control Vancouver and maintain its peace. She
wants to gain influence in Vancouver and show her ability at
keeping the historic peace while demonstrating Siegfried's
inability to maintain what he started so long ago. She knows
that this is the only way she'll be able to depose the prince.


After all, the powerful vampires who stay out of Vancouver's
night life wouldn't take kindly to a war against the prince
disturbing their quiet nights. Stalest will try to use any new-
comers in Vancouver to accomplish her plan.

Lyle

Lyle's interest in the politics of Vancouver is limited by his
desire to maintain the city's peace and stability until his master
awakens. Lyle will support Siegfried until he believes the
prince has lost his ability to rule. Unfortunately for Siegfried,
Stalest knows this and is trying to convince the powerful Lyle
to support her bid for power. However, she does not know
Lyle's motivations in Vancouver. Stalest wants to help guard
Lyle's master. Lyle will help no other faction or group unless he
believes they're essential to maintaining the peace.

Necross

Necross knows all about Stalest's secret machinations. He
also knows about Lyle's power and his reason for being in
Vancouver. Fortunately for Stalest, Necross really doesn't care
what happens in the streets of Vancouver. All he wants is to
be left alone with his Great Library and his friends, the
Nosferatu. The only way any vampires could gain help from
Necross would be convincing him that the impending conflict
will be a threat to the Great Library.

Derek

Derek is a good soldier who is loyal to Siegfried. He wasn't
in Vancouver when the peace treaty was originally negotiated,
and he is secretly waiting for the time when it collapses so he
can show those foul lupines who's master once and for all.
Derek's eagerness for a fight is being used by Stalest to further
the tension between the Kindred and the lupines. Derek will
generally be receptive to anyone who openly dislikes the
lupines, but his value as an ally is limited. His political savvy
and real political power may not be enough to achieve his
goals.

The Slumbering Giant

There isan invisible player behind the scenes in Vancouver:
the ancient Methuselah sleeping under Simon Fraser Univer-
sity. His (or her?) name is not known by anyone except Lyle,
who guards his master jealously. This Cainite has been in
North America longer than any other known vampire, well
before Menele or Helena pursued their ancient vendetta to the
New World (see Chicago By Night). He (she?) was the sire of
Mictantecle, the legendary elder rumored to sleep in Mexico
(see Awakening, Diablerie: Mexico).

This ancient Kindred travelled long ago through what the
Garou now call the Pure Lands. The Methuselah has been
both friend and foe to the Garou. [thas an immense knowledge
of their ways and knows how to anticipate their reactions.
Indeed, the vampire is privy to many mystical secrets unknown
to any living Garou. It could in fact be the Childe of Gangrel
herself. (If this is so, it may have powers of Animalism that

allow it to manipulate Garouas other Gangrel manipulate rats
or dogs.)

The situation in Vancouver is largely due to the desires of
this vampire. The peace accord with the Garou was imple-
mented toprevent the werewolvesfrom huntingdown vampires
and possibly threatening the sleeping Cainite. The "safe
haven" aspect of the city was enacted to prevent the political
squabbles of the Kindred from causing too much violence in
thearea. It was implemented so that the city would not attract
thirsty anarchs or vengeful Sabbat. Inall these affairs, Siegfried
was a puppet to the Methuselah.

He could not remain a puppet for long. The torporous
Methuselah feared that Siegfried would begin to slowly suspect
the subtle manipulations. Julie Foster has also suspected what
is really going on. The ancient one has pulled back recently,
leaving Siegfried free to act as he pleases. It is possible that the
actions in Victoria are an attempt by this ancient Cainite to
distract Siegfried from other investigations.

As far as the Methuselah knows, Stalest is a wild card. It is
not worried about her, as she can be brought under control at
anytime (or so the Methuselah believes). Is there another
power in the area? Is it manipulating Stalest? Is itsome ancient
enemy of this nameless elder, or perhaps the Wyrm itself?

If the events in Vancouver get hectic enough and war
erupts, then this Methuselah might finally rise from its centu-
ries-long torpor. It will be thirsty. There are many powerful
vampires in Vancouver. Could these have been drawn to the
city as vessels to slake this bestial Cainite's thirst when it
awakens?

The Clans

Do not pass by my epitaph, traveler.

But having stopped, listen and leam, then go your way.

There is no boat in Hades, no ferryman Charon, no caretaker
Aiakos, no dog Cerberus.

Alll we who are dead below have become bones and ashes, but
nothing else.

I have spoken to you honestly, go on, traveler, lest even when
dead | seem loquacious to you.

Roman funerary inscription

The Kindred use Vancouver as a safe house for those in
trouble andasa jumping-off point to the Far East. The vampire
population is always changing, even with the problem of the
lupines at the borders. The stable population of Vancouver
consists of only 20 vampires. The low "core" vampire popula-
tion serves the prince's needs. It's easier for him to keep tabs
on everyone and ensure that no one is in direct conflict with
the lupines who surround the city. Vancouver does attract
many wayfarers, though. They either pass through to other
ports orseek asylum from the harsh world outside. As discussed
earlier, many vampires have a philosophical or financial
interest in Vancouver, so Storytellers should feel free to use any
ofthe characters from the Chicagoand Milwaukee sourcebooks
as temporary visitors to the city by the bay.

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise... 85


This section discusses the presence and significance of the
different Kindred clans and provides character descriptions for
key individuals.

Assamites

Some time ago, before he established himselfas prince of the
city, Siegfried was the target of an Assamite. He discovered
thisand eventually destroyed the assassin, earning some degree
of grudging respect from the Assamite clan. Since thisencoun-
ter more than 50 years ago, Siegfried has developed his
relationship with the clan and believes he hi
under which they can operate in his city. The Assamites may
use the city and Siegfried's resources in order to find their
targets and learn as much about them as they need to track

et certain rules

them. The clan will not violate Siegfried's prohibition against
openly carrying out a contract while the target is within
Vancouver's city limits. Siegfried has announced this ruling to
some other princes, and this has increased Siegfried's prestige.

It has also enhanced the lure of Vancouver as a safe city.
However, while the law has not yet been broken, it is doubtful
whether the clan truly respects this ruling at all. Few things,
especially the ephemeral laws of worldly princes, will prevent
an Assamite from performing his duties.

There may be a member of this clan in Vancouver at any
given moment, either using the city to dig up background on
atarget orasa stopover on the way tosome other city. Assamite
characters will be told by their clan to avoid openly engaging
targets while within Vancouver. The clan wants others to
believe they are safe in the city. This will make it easier to kill
important targets when the time comes.

Brujah

Vancouver has a very small number of Brujah. They don't
act like other members of their clan. The Brujah of Vancouver
re entitled to

don't have the freedom of expression the
elsewhere in the world. Even the slightest sign of rebellion
against the prince's authority leads to the calling of a Blood
Hunt. With so many powerful Kindred having interests in
Vancouver, Siegfried can't afford any mischief or possible
conflicts within the city. Considering that the Brujah are

known for this sort of activity, Siegfried has all but purged the

Brujah from Vancouver. The small number of Brujah in
Vancouver keep to themselves and keep their noses clean,
following the Prince's Laws and keeping a very low profile.

Brujah newcomers to Vancouver are closely watched by
Siegfried's people. This surveillance will be very blatant. In
fact, Siegfried's people will go out of their way to make sure the
Brujah know they are under surveillance. Brujah characters
should be aware that the prince probably knows where their
haven is. He probably knows what they are up to ona nightly
basis.

Parker

Before becoming a vampire, Parker was a bouncer at one of
early Vancouver's drinking establishments. It happened to be

owned by Siegfried. Being a bouncer suited Parker's violent
nature, and working for mysterious employers wasn't some-
thing he minded in the least. After all, he'd worked for
rum-runners in the past.

Parker's only friend was a fellow employee of the prince
named Bruce Courter. As far as Parker knew, Bruce was hired
muscle. When Parker was bored of being a simple doorman, he
asked his friend to talk to their employer for him. Parker made
acareer move...

Sire: Bruce Courter
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: | 1th
Embrace: 1920
Apparent Age: 22
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma
2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence
2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 2, Drive 2, Fir

arms 4, Security 2, Stealth 2,

Survival 3, Linguistics 1 (French), Computer 2, Area Knowl-
edge 3 (Vancouver)
Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Virtue:

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 3, Presence 2

Background: Herd 1, Resources 2

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 12/1

Image: Parker is a tall man with brown hair and brown eyes.
He usually wears biker leathers, but grudgingly dons a suit
whenever he's performing an official duty for the prince.

Roleplaying Hint:

most people he meets and sometimes doesn't conceal his

Parker feels himself to be superior to

feelings. He will not go out of his way to befriend or help

86 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

anyone, but he can be won over to become a loyal friend under
the right circumstances.

Haven: Parker owns a small apartment in the suburb of
Binriabiy. bursenetimes spends hisdays irvoneof the roomsat
Luv-a-Fair or Graceland.

Influence: Parker isjusta muscle-man forthe prince, buthe
does have a reputation for loyalty. If the players can convince
him that Siegfried would benefit by seeing them, he may be
able to get them an audience with the busy prince. He will
require at least two days notice.

Kyle

Kyle Forbensen was always a rebel and a troublemaker.
Death hasn't changed things. He and his group gotinvolved in
an anarch uprising in Seattle against Justicar Petrodon's Ar-
They fled in different
dieceions; with Kyle winding up in Vancouver.

chons and were nearly wiped out

Since arriving in Vancouver, he has fallen completely in
love with the beautiful Stalest and has become blood bound to
her. His feelings for her are known to the vampire population,
but his bond to her is not. Like Neil, Kyle is being used by
Stalest to further her plans to take over Vancouver for herself.

Sire: Susan Drange

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1406

Apparent Age: 29

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Streetwise 3, Drive 2,
Fast-Draw 3, Firearms 3, Stealth 2, Investigation 2, Politics 3,

Vancouver Knowledge 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Disciplines

Protean 2,

Celetity 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 3, Presence 4,

Background: Resources 2

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 15/3

Image: Kyle is an impressive man with neatly trimmed hair
anddeep blue eyes. His muscular frame is usually clad ina white
t-shirt and tom blue jeans.

Roleplaying Hints: Stalest means everything to this Kin-
dred and he knows of his importance to her. He's obviously not
used to following orders, and his more cynical nature will only
be hidden when Stalest walks by.

Haven: Kyle has no set haven but does rent an apartment
in Vancouver.

Influence: Kyle has no influence over anyone anymor
been a while since he's thought for himself. Right now, he's
being used by Stalestasa go-between to maintain contact with
Guttooth the Garou.

Bushi

There's only one member of this intriguir

Japanese clan
currently in Vancouver. No one, including Siegfried, knows
ke of him. The Japanese have decided to open

what to ma
relations with the Prince of Vancouver in order to establish
shipping warehouses for their continuous expansion into the
West. Thereare many Japanese businesscontacts in Vancouver

at this time. Everything from cars to vinyl model kits can be

found entering the warehouses. These goods are then sold to
the citizens of Vancouver and the rest of Canada.

Yokoshi

Yokoshi entered the realm of the realm of undead and
became a child of Susanoo just like all the first-born of the
Bushi clan's next generation. Becoming a Bushi was all
Yokoshi had prepared for during his mortal life. (The Bushi
clan is described in the Appendix.)

His first major mission for his lord was to venture to the city
called Vancouver. There had been strong rumors for many
years about a Lupine-Kindred peace, and his master had to
know if this was true. The Japanese had their own problems
with the lupines for many centuries, and if the secret behind
this peace could be discovered, then maybe the same thing
could be set up in Japan, leaving the masters to concentrate on
more important things.

e: Yashiri

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1901

Apparent Age: 30

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise. 87


Abilities: Alertness 3, Diplomacy 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Leadership 2, Poetic Expression 4, Streetwise 3, Archery 3,
Debate 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Game Playing 3, Martial
Arts Weapons 4, Bureaucracy 3, Finance 3, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 3, Politics 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Kai 5, Potence 2,
Presence 3

Background: Herd 2, Resources 4, Retainers |

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 13/1

Image: Yokoshi stands about 5'8" and has very short black
hair. He's always dressed in expensive black or dark blue suits
and issometimes followed by his ghoul retainer, an old and frail
looking Japanese man.

Roleplaying Hints: Yokoshi is in Vancouver fora purpose.
He is performing a duty for his lord (refer to the Appendix for
details on how significant this is). He will introduce himself
politely to any Kindred he meets and inquire where they are
from. He will be more friendly toward anyone who can give
him substantive information about the peace. If the characters
can convince him that a Vancouver Kindred is trying to
destroy that peace, Yokoshi might consider it in his master's
best interests to help rectify the situation.

Haven: Yokoshi is spending his days in an expensive
apartment in False Creek.

Influence: Yokoshi has no real influence in Vancouver, but
he knows about the Nosferatu. He also knows the name of
their leader: Necross. If the players have Yokoshi backing
them up when they confront the prince about Stalest's politi-
cal doings, it will add credence to their claims, since Siegfried

knows of Yokoshi's strange honor.

Caitift

Siegfried is interested in arranging things, so heads of the
various clans owe him favors, as well as investments in his city.
As the Caitiff have no real clan structure, he views them with
utter disdain. The only difference between the Caitiff and the
Brujah in Siegfried's eyes is that the Caitiff are more respectful,
and thus can be used.

When a Caitiff enters the city, Siegfried's "security staff"
will observe her closely and evaluate her powers. If they deem
her to be powerful, they'll offer her temporary employment on
the prince's staff. Whether they're offered employment or not,
Caitiff characters will find that the other vampires of the city
talk down to them and pressure them to leave the city as soon
as possible.

Ceal

Ceeil was one of those people who others thought would
eventually die from a knife in the back. He was born in
Chicago, and he ran with whatever gang was the meanest.
While trying to dodge the law in Canada, he tried to mug an
oldman for drugmoney. Tohissurprise, the old man happened
to be a vampire, who in turn was surprised by the viciousness
ofthe young mortal. The old man quickly Embraced Cecil. For
the next three years, the two of them raised merry hell across
the northern states until they were confronted by a group of

vampires in New York.

The old vampire was killed in the fight, but Cecil managed
toescape and fled to Vancouver. He traded safety for hisservice
to Siegfried, and found himself liking the role of an enforcer.

Sire: Unknown Caitiff

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Deviant

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1952

Apparent Age: 18

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Drive 4, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Bureaucracy 2,
Investigation 2, Law 1, Area Knowledge 2 (Vancouver)

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Potence 3, Presence 2

Willpower: 9
Blood Pool/Max per turn: 11/1

Image: Standing about six feet tall, Cecil has long greasy

His well-
muscled arms and body are covered by tattoos of all sorts, but

hair and almost always wears a pair of sunglasses

are usually concealed by a black leather jacket covered with
chains and studs.

Roleplaying Hints: Cecil is mean, cruel and sometimes
even sadistic. He likes causing pain, and will jump into a fight
without hesitation. He's rude and obnoxious to people he

88 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

His degrading
commentary is something of an art form to him.

doesn't know and often to people he does.

Haven: Cecil has no permanent haven. He likes to hide out
downtown so he can wake up where all the action is.

Influence: Cecil is now head of Siegfried's brute squad, but

has little influence with anyone other than his fellow enforc-
ers. Cecil isn't liked by anyone and knows little about the
politics of Vancouver (even though he often pretends he
knows much). Cecil takes a liking to anyone who looks really
tough, and will try toconvince them to join hisenforcers. Cecil
is loyal to Siegfried only because he's terrified of the prince and
his mysterious supporter Lyle

Other Caitiff
There are'a few other Caitiffin the city, but the number of
sbiese:vampiresiusially:rematna low. The other Calcif are

either loners or lesser servants of either Stalest or Siegfried

Gangrel

The Gangrel enjoy a special place in Vancouver's vampiric
society. Since the city issurrounded by wilderness populated by
many Garou, Siegfried has several Gangrel advisors. The large
Gangrel population of Vancouver is responsible for providing
a line of defense in case of lupine troubles. In fact, many of the
Gangrel now in Vancouver were involved in the meetings
between Siegfried and Montgomery Abercor, the leader of
the local Garou. The Gangrel, asa rule, stay out of politics and
perform their duties as peacekeepers, ensuring that young
vampires from other cities and young lupines don't endanger
the already precarious peace.

The leader of "the Pack", as the Gangrel are known in the
city, has contact with and is accepted by some members of the
lupine community in British Columbia. In fact, several of the
Gangrel have their havens near lupine communities. They

feel almost as much kinship with certain Garouas they do with

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise...

those of their own kind. (If you, as Storyteller, are creating a
story based around Kindred-Garou conflict, but your players
are all playing vampires, it would be useful to introduce the
characters to some Gangrel early in the story. These vampires
will probably be the characters' only way of making contact
with the Garou.)

New Gangrel arrivals to Vancouver are usually contacted
within the first few nights by other Gangrel in the city and
invited to run with "the Pack". Siegfried won't bother any

Gangrel newcomer as long as he doesn't endanger the peace.
(In fact, Gangrel will find they have the most freedom of any
of the clans in this tightly controlled city.)

Simon

Simon Lollen always had everything he wanted. When he
was a child, his rich parents bought him toys and hired the best
tutors. Asa young man, Simon went to the best schools. The
big city was never friendly to Simon, Leaving his parents and
their nearly inexhaustible wealth behind, Simon traveled the
world alone. On his travels, Simon fell in love with a young
woman named IIlana, who became fascinated with this man
who traveled the world without money or support. She
rewarded his self-sufficiency by Embracing him.

Together Simon and his Sire traveled the wilderness re-
gions of the world and eventually ended up on the west coast

of North America. Simon discovered Siegfried and Julie Foster

in the small town that would eventually become Vancouver.
He was impressed with the Ventrue's knowledge and raw
charisma

That was many yearsago. Although both Ilana and Simon
still travel, they always seem to end up back in Vancouver.
Simon was instrumental in the peace process which now holds
between the Garou and Kindred. He is trusted by both
Siegfried and key Garou, including Montgomery Abercorn
and Roger Daly

Sire: Illana

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1734

Apparent Age: 30

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Diplomacy 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Leadership 3, Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3,
Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Bureaucracy 1, Finance 2,
History 4, Linguistics 4, Lupine Lore 3, Area Knowledge 3
(Vancouver)

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Obfus-
cate 1, Potence 4, Protean 4

Background: Resources 5, Status 3

Humanity: 8


Willpower: 8

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 14/2

Image: Simon stands about 5' 9", with well kept dirty-
blonde hair and striking blue eyes. He's usually dressed in jeans
and a trench coat or other long jacket. He usually conceals a
large knife.

Roleplaying Hints: Simon is rather quiet unless someone
brings up the subject of history. At that time, Simon will dive
into the conversation with enthusiasm. He's very polite and

"proper" around others (a legacy of his "proper" upbringing)
Simon is very protective of Ilana, and will become jealous if
anyone spends too much time with her.
Haven: Simon doesn't have a set haven, but will stay
wherever Illana is, never straying too far from her side.
Influence: Simon is part of the historic peace process

etween the Garou and the Kindred of Vancouver. He has

great influence with Siegfried's faction of Cainites, and some
limited influence with the Garou's leadership. Siegfried trusts
Simon about as far as he trusts anyone, and will listen to any
character who has Simon's backing. Simon tends to stay out of
the politics of the city, and he doesn't know about Stalest's lust
for power or anything about the difficulties Montgomery
Abercorn is having with the "Priest of Gaia".

Jllana

Ilana was surprised to find out about the existence of
werewolves, and quickly sought them out while still a young
vampire. Aftera couple ofclose calls, she befriended the Garou
and found she preferred their company to that of the Kindred.
For centuries now, she has traveled the world, spending her
time with lupines rather than vampires and only going to the
city for blood.

Ilana found Simon in a small town in Southem Italy and
was impressed by his love for the wilderness. She allowed him
totravel with her forsome time before she blessed him with the

90

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

curse of immortality. Since then, he's been her constant
traveling companion and her only real link to the vampire
community

Since she chose Vancouver as her base of operations, she's
made contact with certain younger Garou. She finds them less
conservative, and thus more interesting, than the traditional-
istelders. Hercontactsare largelyamong the more "enlightened"
tribes, such as the Glass Walkers and the Children of Gaia.

When the Kindred-Garou conflictstarted to escalate, Illana
placed herself "out of the loop". She was distracted with other
important concerns. When she realized what was going on, she
found that the level of distrust and hatred that the younger
Garou felt toward the Kindred was so great that her normal

contacts would have nothing to do with her.
Sire: Unknown
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Loner
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1214
Apparent age: 21
Attributes

Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 5, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Animal Ken 3, Melee 4, Stealth 5,
Survival 5, Faerie Lore 3, History 3, Lupine Lore 5, Naturalist 3,
Spirit Lore 3, Area Knowledge 3 (Vancouver)

Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Charisma 3,

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 5,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 2, Protean 5

Background: Resources 4


Image: Ilana is a small and beautiful dark-skinned woman
with brown hair and gray eyes. In the city, she'll be dressed in
fine clothes. In the wilderness, she'll shed her clothes until
she's wearing almost nothing.

Roleplaying Hints: Almost all her vampiric existence has
been spent in the wilderness with the Garou. Illana distrusts

most vampires, but has some respect for Siegfried. She prefers
to stay away from the city and will never start a conversation
with another Kindred, but will respond politely to other
Gangrel who greet her. She willonly help the characters if they
have the backing of Simon and they are helping the Garou in
some way.

Haven; Ilana will only sleep in the wildernes

tayingaway
from the city as much as possible. During the night, she can be
usually found near Lupine communities.

Influence: Illana shuns the city and has no real influence
with any vampires in the city. In fact, she only knows a few.
On the other hand, she has some degree of influence with the
more moderate lupine tribes around Vancouver (This will
evaporate all too quickly when tensions start to get high.)

Derek

Derek Hillen always wanted to be important. Since he
came to Vancouver, he got his wish. Derek traveled from city
tocity, helping the Kindred do battle against theirenemies, the
Garou. Hearing that the "untamed west" was a vast wilderness
teeming with lupines, he traveled to California to do battle.
Eventually, Derek wandered north and was recruited by
Siegfried, a vampire of incredible charisma, to help protect a
"city under siege". That was many years ago, and now Derek is
the leader of the Vancouver Gangrel (nicknamed the Pack)
and only answers to Siegfried.

Sire: Mark Decker

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1806

Apparent age: 34

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Stealth 4, Survival 2, Investigation 2, Politics 3,
Lupine Lore 2, Area Knowledge 3 (Vancouver)

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 2, Fortitude 5, Potence 3,

Protean 3

Background: Herd 2, Status 3

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 9

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 13/1

Image: Derek spends most of his time prowling on the
outskirts of Vancouver and the suburbs and dresses accord-

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise...

ingly. He stands just undersix feet tall and has very short brown

hair and several scars across his very square face. His eyesshine

with an almost crazy gleam that hints at insanity. The large

bowie knife he carries makes most Kindred uneasy.

Roleplaying Hints: Derek is a fanatic soldier in the eternal

battle against the Garou, or at least that's how he describes

himself to anyone who will listen. Derek speaks using as many
military terms as possible. He calls Siegfried "sir" and salutes
him. Siegfried knows Derek isn't completely stable, but he also
realizes that Derek is a very capable fighter and inspires
discipline in the other Gangrel.

Influence: Being the leader of the Gangrel, Derek seem-
ingly has a lot of influence in Vancouver. Few of the other
Kindred of Vancouver take him completely seriously, al-
though they treat him with some respect when he's around.
Derek is the only Gangrel who refuses to have any interaction
whatsoever with the Garou in the Vancouver area. Derek will
eventually meet with any newcomers to the city to lecture
them about where not to go in and around Vancouver. He can
introduce the characters to Simon, one of the two Gangrel
who don't follow his orders.

Other Gangrel

There are nine other Gangrel living in Vancouver and
helping to protect the peace. The character template provided
below can be used for these other Kindred.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 12th

Apparent age: mid to late twenties

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3.


Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Animal Ken 2, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 2, Tracking 2, Lupine Lore 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Protean 1
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 7
Blood Pool/Max per turn: 10/1

All Gangrel in Vancouver will be equipped with walkie-
talkies and carry handguns with silver bullets.

Malkavians

There three clans that are unwelcome in Vancouver. The
first two are the Brujah and Caitiff; the Malkavians are the
third. Since Siegfried views the members of this clan as insane
and quite unpredictable, he sees them asa possible threat to the
. Currently,
there's only one Malkavian in Vancouver (thatis, only one has
n found...)

strict order he wishes to keep within Vancouve

bei

Malkavians who visit Vancouver will be watched and
generally treated in the same way as the Brujah. Companions
of a Malkavian are told that they're responsible for their
companion's behavior and will be punished along with him for
anything he does to disturb the order of the city

Necross

Necross is the city's only Malkavian, and,

ly enough,

angi
he'sthe leader of the Nosferatu. He's extremely intelligentand
helped found the Great Library. Nobody is quite sure how old
Necross is, where he came from or who sired him. Necross
himself isn't giving out any answers. Rumor has it that Necross
has a lot of arcane knowledge, including such gems as how to
break a blood bond and how to attain Golconda. This may all
be true, but anyone trying to make any sense of Necross'
directions really deserves what he gets.

The Nosferatu are the only ones in Vancouver who know

Necross is a Malkavian. The fact that Necross is not a

Nosfe

his Nosferatu retainers make sure nobody ever does. Necross

atu would be quite evident to anyone who saw him, but

is quite literally worshipped by his retainers who run the Great
Library. This is because of his knowledge, rather than his
considerable power. He will see no one unless the they have
a good enough reason. Remember that "good" is in the eye of
the beholder, and Necross might have very different criteria
than any other entity in the known universe. If Necross agrees
to see someone, the visitor must first go through a lengthy
ritual, during which he is bound by oath and spells to disclose
nothing about Necross or his location. (It's up to individual
Storytellers as to how these spells work, but characters should
receive lots of warning from the Nosferatu overseeing the ritual
that the consequences of breaking this oath would be very

hazardous to their existence.)

Sire: ?
Nature: Architect

92

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Demeanor: varies upon the personality

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 320 B.C.

Apparent age: late twenties

Attributes: Strength 5, Dex
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 6, Intelligence 7,
Wits 7

Abilities: Acting 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 5, Leader-
Streetwise 5, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Herbalism 5,

erity 5, Stamina 6, Charisma 6,

ship 5,
Music 2, Research 5, Alchemy 4, Anthropology 3, Art History 4,
Astrology 4, Bureaucracy 3, City Secrets 4, Computer 2, Faerie
Lore 4, History 4, Investigation 4, Kindred Lore 5, Linguistics 5,
Lupine Lore 3, Magus Lore 3, Occult 5, Politics 5, Spirit Lore 3,
Theology 4

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Disciplines: Auspex 8, Celerity 4, Dominate 8, Fortitude 5,
Obfuscate 8, Presence 6, Thaumaturgy 4 (Necross has all

rituals described in the rules, perhaps with some additional

rituals unique to him.)

Background: Herd 3, Resources 5, Retainers 3

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 10

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 40/8

Image: Necross stands a little under six feet and is quite
handsome. He has short brown hair and no distinguishing
marks. In fact, aside from his natural charisma and good looks,
his appearance is nondescript

Roleplaying Hints: Necross is mad, completely and utterly

insane. He is suffering from a multiple personality disorder. He
cycles randomly among about 20 different personalities, with
changes coming unpredictably (in other words, whenever the
Storyteller feels like it!). Some of the Malkavian's major
personalitiesare listed below, but there isabsolutely nothing to
stop him from "becoming" someone totally new at any time
that would be entertaining. Like most sufferers of multiple

personality disorders, Necross is most likely to undergo a
change when he's under stress.

Haven: Necross lives in a secret lair under the streets of
Gastown. His haven is closely guarded by the Nosferatu. He
almost never comes up out of the sewers and gets his blood from
Vessels the Nosferatu bring to him.

Influence: Necross has little influence over the politics of

Vancouver, since very few vampires know he exists. Ifforsome

reason he ever decides to re-emerge into the "real" world,

Necross will have the attention and respect of the prince and

the lupines.
Personalities

Burt isa little paranoid. He'sa"neat-freak". The first thing
he'll do upon "arrival" is to demand anyone who is "dirty" to
leave immediately. Burt will then start organizing and re-
organizing the entire office, but only after he's sure that the
"others" didn't send the player characters to take him back.

Who the "others" are, and where "back" is, Burt won't say, but
he will shudder when asked about them and demand that
nobody mention the topic ever again

Sample quote: "You were sent by the others, weren't you?
You want to take me back there. Well, I won't let you... You're
not here to take me back? Then why are you here? Who sent
you, what do you want? Oh, no! Lookat this place, it'sa mess!"

Darla will seem to be the most clear-headed of the person-
alities, next to Necross himself. She knows about all the other
personalities, but knows nothing about the politics of the city
or the lupines. If questioned, she can explain the basics about
most of the other personalities and how to get on their good
side(s). What Darla doesn't know is that she is a vampire, and
she certainly will not talk about nonsense like werewolves.

Sample quote: "I'm sorry I can't be of any more help. Maybe
you should speak to Necross next time he's here. Would you
like something to drink... maybe some coffee?"

Siegfried has delusions of grandeur. Since he arrived in
Vancouver, Necross has developed a new personality, one
es he is prince of the city. The Siegfried person-
ality doesn't know about any of the other personalities, but has
avery good understanding of how the real Siegfried thinks and
al prince. This personality
knows something about the truce between the lupine and

which believ

can seem frighteningly like the r

kindred and is familiar with a little of the politics. Unfortu-
nately, he's a little off-kilter too, so anyone trying to use
Necross/Siegfried as an "experimental subject" to determine
how the real prince will reactis likely to be sorely disappointed.

Sample quote: "In my city, you act as I please."

Gered is a trouble-maker and thrill-seeker. Unlike Necross
and the Siegfried personality, Gered has some knowledge of
the other personalities, but won't talk about them. Gered
doesn't care about the politics of the city; he just wants to get
into a fight or blow something up.

Sample quote: "Who do you think youare, asking me these
questions? You better watch out, man, I'll rip yourhead offand
drink your blood so fast your friends will think you're a bottle

of soda..."

Rex

Rex was an unfortunate bystander in the ongoing conflict
in Seattle. Just recently released froma mental institution, Rex
was captured by some vampires who needed someone to use as
atool in some mysterious plan. These Kindred Embraced Rex
and sent him off on some mission. Fortunately for him,
perhaps, he doesn't remember much about his Embrace, and
he has forgotten everything about his mission. All he really
recalls of this time was being saved by the "cloaked demons" in
the forest outside of Vancouver. These "cloaked demons" were
the Nosferatu. They found Rex and have "adopted" him into
theirclan. Although he's quite a nuisance, Rex is left alone by

the other vampires as he walks through Vancouver. He's
known to have the support of the Nosferatu.

Sire: Unknown Seattle Anarch

Nature: Sycophant

Demeanor: Autist

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1990

Apparent age: 32

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Subterfuge 2,
Firearms 1, Melee 1, Security 4, Stealth 5, Survival 2, Investi-
gation 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Disciplines
Backgrounds: Mentor 5 (Necross and the Nosferatu),

Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 1, Obfuscate 4

Resources 2
Humanity: 5
Willpower: 6
Blood Pool/Max per turn: 10/1

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise... 93


Image: Rex is about 3'8" tall and is always dressed in some
strange, mismatched mix of clothing. He's almost always
grinning and has a wild look in his amber eyes

Roleplaying Hints: Rex believes he has died and returned
to Earth as a demon. He also believes that he must gain power
as a demon by serving the master and his other demons
(Necross and the Nosferatu). If he does his demonic job well,
he'll grow in size and his standing in Hell will improve.

Eventually, he'll achieve the rank of "Demon Lord". Cur-
rently, Rex thinks himself to be a demon of very low rank. If
he faithfully reports the doingsofthe otherdemonsof Vancouver
to his master, he'll one day wear the black robe of the Demon
Lords (i.e., the Nosferatu).

Rex sees everything around him from a very mystical point

of view. Monsters and spirits are everywhere, he believes, and

the master (Necross) sees everything. Rex can often be
encountered at Luv-A-Fair or Graceland, where he's shame-
lessly picked on and pushed around by the vampires who don't
know he will report every last event to Necross. He will
befriend anyone who comes to his aid or is even partially nice
to him. Rex reacts to his "friends" by questioning them about
their activities ina very ingenuous way, of course. He'll follow
them around like a puppy and then report back on their every

move and word to Necross.

aven: Rex will sleep anywhere, and usually finds the
strangest places available (including ventilating ducts, cup-
boards and the trunks of abandoned cars).

Influence: Rex knows about everything that's going on in

Vancouverand may be convinced to talk about Stalest's secret
dealings with Guttooth. If the characters are friendly to Rex
and meet Necross, the Malkavian will be openly friendly and
tell them he admires their patience with Rex. He views Rex
with some affection and will gladly express this, assuming that
the characters meet the Malkavian when he is Necross. On the
other hand, if the characters are abusive to Rex, they will find
themselves barred from the Great Library and any audience
with Necross.

Nosferatu

The Nosferatu population of Vancouver varies, butat least
10 members of this clan can be found dwelling in the city atany
time. The prince has no policy with regard to the Nosferatu,
and for the most part, they are left to their own devices.
Siegfried established this policy in return for the help various
Nosferatu advisors gave him during the time of treaty negotia-
tions with the lupines. Any Nosferatu newly arrived in
Vancouver must present themselves to the prince, but once
this duty has been fulfilled, they aren't followed by Siegfried's
lackeys.

While Necross founded the Great Library under the streets
of Gastown, the Nosferatu have added to it and continue to
guard it. Only a small portion of the Nosferatu from across the
world know of the Library. Those who do know of it value this
great compilation of knowledge and do what they can to
protect it.

94

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Some Nosferatu go so far as to volunteer to serve as
protectors of the Library. Before a Nosferatu becomesaservant
of the Library, he is blood bound to Necross, and must make a
contribution to the knowledge stored in the underground
vaults.
Alberich

Alberich was once a great soldier for the Holy Roman
Empire, fightingagainst the enemies of Maximilian 1. Alberich's
transformation from warrior to drunkard came after the news
that his wife and only son had died of some strange blood
disease while he was fighting against the French. Seeing the
tragedy ofa town hero tumed to town fool was too much for the
Nosferatu who had taken Alberich's wife and son, so he
Embraced Alberich. Upon learning the truth about his loved

ones' deaths, Alberich slew his sire and fled. Eventually he
came to North America and sought the ardor of a new cause

to erase his loneliness and pain.

That new cause has been the Great Library and its master

Necross. For over 40 years now, Alberich has been the keeper

of the library and a close friend of the ancient Malkavian.
Sir
Nature: Fanatic

Jacob Durgal

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1481

Apparent age: 23

Attribut
Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Leadership 2,
Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Survival 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
History 4, Heraldry 3, Theology 2

Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 3,

Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5


Disciplines: Animalism 4, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Celerity 3,
Fortitude 2

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 9

Image: Like all the Nosfer:
Alberich is uncommonly clean (for a Nosferatu) and will

uin the Gastown underground,

usually be dressed in a suit with a large sword hanging from his
belt.

Roleplaying Hin
to terms with his vampirism and does not like to feed. He tries
to drink from animals, but it has been hard to stick to this diet
during his long life. He's very protective of Necross and the

Alberich still hasn't completely come

Library and trusts no other Kindred.

Haven: The tunnels below Gastown and the halls of the
At
He stands guard against

Great Library are where Alberich sleeps during the da

night, he rarely leaves this area.
possible intrusion.

Influence: Alberich is known in Vancouver and Seattle as
a proficient fighter. Most other vampires from these two cities
will keep their distance. Other than this reputation, Alberich
has no real influence in Vancouver other than being the
keeper of the Great Library. Most vampires in Vancouver
don't even know of its existence. Characters who seem honor-
able and trustworthy may be given entrance to the Great
Library or even have an audience with Necross set up for them.

Other Nosferatu

There are 10 permanent Nosferatu residents in Vancouver
of diff
inoraround the Great Libra

ing generations. Most of these vampires can be found

ind will defend it, and Necross,

with their unlives.

Coreador

The Toreador of Vancouver have had more than one brief
conflict with Siegfried. As with most of the vampires dwelling
in the city, the Toreador find the prince's laws too restrictive.
The great night-life and variety of exotic blood has kept many
of this clan in Vancouver, and continue to bring more.

Any Toreadorentering the city will be treated with margin-
ally more courtesy than a Brujah. Once in Vancouver, it isn't
hard to find good feeding-grounds. The local Toreador will
probably offera newcomera tour of the coffee bars, art displays
and night clubs.

Andrew

Andrew was born on a small island off the coast of British
Columbia. His life slowly turned him into a hard and cynical
man. He found his vocation while working as a part-time
landscaper, and soon became one of the most sought after
landscape architects on the West Coast. He used to
working for €
ccept a particular job which required him to work only after
sunset. After he'd worked for a week on the project, his

employer, Daphne, invited him into her house for a drink.

centric millionaires, and had no reason not to

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise.

That was only a couple of years ago, and Andrew doesn't
mind the change Daphne brought about in him.

Sire: Daphne

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1991

Apparent age: 24

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 2, Artistic Expression (Landscaping) 5, Sty!
Accounting 2, Botany 3, Computer 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Presence 2, Potence 2
Background: Fame 2, Resources 3, Status 1

Humanity: 6

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 11/1

Image: Andrew is a muscular man just over six feet tall. He
usually looks as though he's upset about something. He's
always dressed in coveralls and work boots.

Roleplaying Hints: Andrew is very cynical and distrustful
of everyone. He will occasionally make dark and dour state-
ments before frowning and walking away. Any vampire who

spends any amount of time around Andrew will notice that he
never smiles.

Haven: Andrew has a house in Coquitlam, a suburb of
Vancouver. The grounds are extensive, and the complex is
guarded by his ghouls when he isasleep or elsewhere in the city.

Influence: Andrew has the attentions of Daphne, and
therefore has influence over all of Vancouver's Toreador.


Daphne

Daphne has always been rich, spoiled and vain.

e has
never had to really work, and on those occasions when she felt
like doing something productive, daddy arranged it so she
modeled for those new fashion magazines. Being made a
vampire was an obvious extension of her glamorous life. (The
way she sees it, it benefits the mortals around her as well, since
they can continue to bask in her beauty for eternity...).

Like many Toreador, Daphne is famous, or perhaps notori-
ous, for her spectacularly elaborate parties. She uses her guest
list as a weapon.

Sire: Joseph Triebarch

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1921

Apparent age: 26

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 5, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Acting 3, Empathy 3, Seduction 4, Carousing 4,
Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Masquerade 3, Music 2, Art History 2,
Kindred Politics 2, Literature 2, Linguistics 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Presence 4

Background: Fame 2, Herd 3, Resources 5, Retainers 5

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 12/1

Image: Daphne is an incredibly beautiful woman, always

|

dressed in the latest fashions. She has long blond hair and hi

eyes which seem to soothe the very soul.
Roleplaying Hints: Daphne is beautiful and rich. She
knows itand flaunts it. Everything was always provided forher,

andshe never really grew up. Even today, she's always followed
by several retainers who look after her needs. She has a habit
of seducing attractive men, both mortals and Kindred. After-
wards, she will treat them as though they were toys designed
solely for her amusement.

Haven: Daphne lives in a large mansion in the British
Properties.

Influences: Although she acts as though the entire city
listens to her, she has no real influence. Since she's constantly
talking about the changes she would make if she were to
become ruler of the city, she represents an excellent red herring
for the Storyteller to cast in the path of the players.

Cremere

The Tremere have one of the most tightly-knit vampire

clans in existence. The Prince's Law banning clan meetings is
particularly restrictive for these Kindred. For this reason, there
aren't many Tremere in Vancouver. Most of those who do put
up with the Draconian laws do so because they have heard of
the Great Library and would do anything forachance to browse
through the ancient tomes. There are also those who have
fallen into disfavor with the clan or simply no longer want clan
ties. Whatever the reason, a Tremere who wishes to enter

Vancouver must do the same as any Kindred and leave clan

loyalties at the city limits.

Julie Foster

Julie was created in London without the permission of the
prince by a powerful Tremere. She and her sire were captured
The Prince of London summarily ex-
ecuted her sire and sentenced Julie to be bound up, staked and

and brought to t

left for the sunlight. For some reason which still eludes her, a
vampire saved her, fighting off the London brood and whisking
her away from England to a new existence. Maybe it was the
fact that this mysterious vampire saved her from destruction,
as in a fairy tale, or maybe it was her human side wanting to
latch onto something that she could depend on. Whatever the
reason, Julie fell in love with her rescuer, and hassince traveled
with him across the world to eventually settle in a place where
he would build a city with which she would help. This gallant
vampire rescuer was, of course, Siegfried, who isnow the Prince
of Vancouver.

Sire: Marius Drake

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 8th

Apparent age: 24

Embrace: 1542

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 5, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 4, Dodge 4, Leader-
ship 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Music 3,

96 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Masquerade 5, Bureaucracy 4, Computer 2, Finance 3, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Lupine Lore 3, Politics 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4,
Protean 4, Thaumaturgy 5 (As Julie is not tied to the Tremere
clan, she has gained almost all her rituals from Siegfried's own
knowledge and from the ancient tombs resting within the
Great Library. Julie has all Thaumaturgy powers up to her
current level)

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 9

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 15/3

Image: Julie is a beautiful woman. Her hair is long and
brown, and her skin still has the pinkish tinge of mortal life.
She also seems to breathe, cough and move like one of the
till alive. It's only in
times of danger that she seems like a vampire, moving with the

mortals of the world, as though she were

unnerving speed and precision characteristic of the Kindred.

Roleplaying Hints: Julie is an outcast from the Tremere
clan. She has forsaken all clan loyalties and now follows only
the word of Siegfried. Julie isn't blood bound to the prince.
Instead, she truly loves and respects the powerful Cainite.
Those unaware of the truth often believe she's Siegfried's
human secretary. Actually, the prince considers her to be a
valued advisor, and almost an equal.

Haven: Wherever Siegfried is, Julie isn't far off. She stays at
his mansion if he's spending the day there, or she sleeps in an
adjacent room in the abandoned catacombs beneath the
Vancouver General Hospital.

Influence: Julie hasa great deal of influence over the politics
ofthis coastal city. She has the trust of the prince, as well as that
of the Nosferatu. She can be a great deal of help toanyone who
can gain her trust.

Dentrue

Many of the Ventrue clan openly denounce Siegfried,
calling him a traitor to his clan and a threat to vampiric
institutions which have existed unchallenged for millennia.
Although the clan officially despises the Prince of Vancouver
and minimizes his accomplishments, many of the most power-
ful of the Ventrue have invested considerable resources in the
Canadian city. Ventrue neonates who are aware of Vancouver
are often told by other members of their clan about the
powerful vampire who has forsaken hisclanand lineage buthas
built the most wondrous safe haven in the world.

Ventrue who enter Vancouver are treated with respect, but
still are expected to declare their business in the city like all
other visitors. As long as Ventrue visitors don't contravene the
ce or break any laws, they are left more or less to
their own devices.

Siegfried

Siegfried was a Visigoth chieftain who, in 378 A.D., helped
defeat the Roman emperor's army and start the Germanic

prince's pee

invasions into the Empire. Impressed by the barbarian's intel-

ligence and success, a former Roman consul named Regulus
visited Siegfried and offered him the boon of immortality.

Siegfried, not knowing the price, accepted and was appalled at
his thirst for blood. His horror knew no bounds when, in a
frenzy, he slew Regulus and drank his blood. For nearly nine
centuries, Siegfried was pursued around Europe by the Ventrue
for his Diabl

was forgotten in the face of other problems, and Siegfried

Finally, however, the extinction of Regulus

joined the ranks of the clan for the first time.

Siegfried stayed out of politics as much as possible, prefer-

med imminent. He

ring to stay away from anywhere dangerse
also stayed away from vampires in general and stayed in small

cities without vampire populations whenever he could. Dur-
ingone of Siegfried's relocations, he meta fellow Ventrue (and
"barbarian") named Hrothulf (see Milwaukee By Night for more
information on this Cainite). It seemed that he too had slain
A bond of
friendship grew and together they traveled forsome time, until
Siegfried felt it was time to enter the ground for the sleep of the
ancients.

his sire and had fought against the Romans

Itwas Hrothulf tales of England that encouraged Siegfried
totravel thereafter hisawakening from torpor. While there, he
witnessed a beautiful maiden staked to be offered to the Sun.
Almost without thinking, Siegfried fought off the England
brood and made off with the woman who told him of the land
across the ocean.

Siegfried traveled to the New World as soon after his saving
the Englishwoman Julie Foster. His moving was an attempt to
escape the clan politics and vampire infighting in Europe,
which had not changed for hundreds of years. Overa thousand
years after his Embrace, he found some measure of peace with
the natives of America. As other vampires came to the New
World and the politics he'd left behind seemed to follow him,
Siegfried moved west and eventually established his own city

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise... 97


where he could once and for all escape the intrigue of vampiric
existence.

Few realize just how powerful Siegfried is. It's this underes-
timation that has helped him hold onto Vancouver and keep
the city out of reach of both the Sabbat and the Camarilla.

Sire: Regulus

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 378 A.D.

Apparent age: 22

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 7, Appearance 4, Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 5

Abilities: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Diplomacy 7,
Dodge 4, Empathy 4, Intimidation 6, Leadership 7, Archery 4,
Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Hunting 3, Masquerade

Melee 4, Music 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Bureaucracy 5,
Computer 4, Finance 4, History 4, Kindred Lore 3, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Lupine Lore 4, Politics 5

Virtue:

Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 4, Dominate 7, Fortitude 5,
Obfuscate 3, Presence 7, Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 3 (Rituals:
Defense of the Sacred Haven, Wake with Morning's Fresh-
ness, Deflection of Wooden Doom, Devil's Touch and any
other rituals or paths you wish to use.)

Background:

Allies 5, Herd 3, Influence 3, Resources 5,
Retainers 5, Status 5

5

Humanity: 5
Willpower: 9
Blood Pool/Max per turn: 30/6

Image: Siegfried is a tall muscular man with blond, shoul-
der-length hair. He has piercing green eyes and never seems
to smile. Siegfried usually dresses in a dark conservative suit.

98

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Roleplaying Hints: Siegfried is used to being ina position
of power and seems comfortable there. He was a very caring
chieftain when he was alive, and some of that compassion
followed him into undeath. Siegfried sees his city as being a
refuge for the hunters, and has made many restrictive laws to
ensure pe:

Haven: Siegfried has several havens in Vancouver, but his
favorite is in the catacombs beneath the Vancouver General
Hospital

Influence: Being prince of the city gives Siegfried an
immense amountof influence, which isn'tlimited to Vancouver.
Many powerful princes owe favors to Siegfried, and know it's
only a matter of time before he calls them in. The peace that
he has kept in Vancouver, between the clans and with the
Garou, has impressed even the most powerful of the Camarilla.
He has a high status among all vampires and clans.

Stalest Coursain

Where Stalest came from and where she has spent her two
thousand year existence is a mystery to all. One thing is for

sure: she has always been a plotter, hungry for power. This is
what led her to Vancouver some 50 years ago. After a failed
coup in her city, she fled north to the safety of the city of refuge
She quickly came to hunger for the power, influence and
reputation that Siegfried enjoys. She considers Siegfried to be
a good politician and an expert at peddling influence. She

doesn't realize that he's also incredibly powerful on an absolute

scale.
Sir
Nature: Plotter

Demeanor: Traditionalist
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 552 B.C.
Apparent age: 22


Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 6,
Manipulation 6, Appearance 4, Perception 5, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Subterfuge 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Music 2,
Bureaucracy 4, Computer 3, Finance 3, History 5, Investigation 3,
Law 3, Linguistics 5, Literature 3, Lupine Lore 4, Politics 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 6, Fortitude 4,
Presence 6, Protean 4

Background: Herd 3, Influence 1, Resources 4, Retainers 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 6

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 40/8

Image: Stal
a loose-fitting silk dress. Her shoulder-length red hair comple-
mented by her striking green eyes makes her a sight to behold.

st isa beautiful young woman, usually wearing

Stalest doesn't think she's better than

Roleplaying Hin
She knows she is. It has taken hundreds of years
of careful planning to get where she is in vampire society, and
. When she first
meets newcomers to Vancouver, she's invariably charming

anyone els

she isn't about to let anyone get in her wa

and friendly, offering them her help if they need it while in
Vancouver. All the while, however, she's evaluating their
power and influence and deciding how she can best use them
to her advantage.

Haven: Being a Ventrue of some standing, Stalest owns a
mansion in the British Properties. Her haven is guarded by
ghouls. At night, she can often be found at one of the prince's
clubs

Influence: Stalest has considerable influence in Vancouver.

She controls many groups which she has been using to cause

problems for Siegfried's logging companies, and she knows
about the comings and goings of almost all vampires in
Vancouver.

Lyle

Lyle saw much of Roman history firsthand, from the Repub-
lic to the Empire to the arrival of barbarians at the gate. He
entered a long torpor after the Fall of Rome to awaken at the
dawn of a new era: Columbus had "discovered" the New
World. Lyle was among the first Kindred to make the arduous
journey tothenew continent. He would have died at the hands
of the lupines, like many other early travelers of his kind, if it
had not been for his master. The Methuselah saved Lyle and
made him histravelingcompanion. Few othersknew the lands
of North Americaas well as the m:
since before Caeser passed the Rubicon, and Lyle soon picked

ster, who had traveled there

up secret lore from this new land. Since that time, his master
has gone into torpor, lying in rest under Simon Fraser Univer-
sity. Lyle both longs for and fears the day of his master's
awakening.

fanatic

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 342 B.C.

Apparent age: 29

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 5, Intelligence 6,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 6, Security 4,
Survival 4, Area Knowledge (North America) 3, Computer 3,
Finance 5, History 3, Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 6,
Occult 4, Politics 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 6

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 6,
Presence 5, Protean 3

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 10

Blood Pool/Max per turn: 30/6

Image: Lyle's features look as though they were carved from
stone. He usually dresses in conservative attire, with his long
hair loose around his shoulders

Roleplaying Hints: Lyle doesn't converse very much. If he's
inaroom with lots of people, he can usually be found standing
like a statue in a comer. Lyle's only thought is of keeping the
master safe until his time of awakening.

Haven: Lyle spends his days in the depths of SFU.

Influence: Lyle doesn't have any influence at all in
Vancouver, simply because he chooses not to exert any. He's
a figure of mystery and curiosity for the other Kindred of the
city. Siegfried himselfhas been unable to figure out what Lyle
is up to. Lyle has little interest in newcomers to the city and
will discuss the existence of his master with nobody. The only
way he'll ever become involved in Kindred politics is if he
believes thatnotbecoming involved will put his master at great

risk.

Chapter Four: And the Dead Shall Rise... 99


Dark Alliance: Vancouver


Introduction

The preceding chapters have discussed the two "worlds"
within Vancouver, those of the Kindred and the Garou. The
political situations of the two "worlds" overlap to a great
degree. The two "rabble-rousers" Stalest and Guttooth have
decided that they can attain their goals more efficiently by
working together. The second half of the chapter provides the
basic structure of a story based on this political situation. For
those who prefer to create their own stories from scratch, the
interaction between both cultures should provide plenty of
"adventure hooks".

Note that the situation in Vancouver allows for something
rarely possible anywhere else: mixed packs of Garou and
Cainites. The courses on which Stalestand Guttooth have put
their societies will be harmful, ifnot catastrophic, for everyone
concerned, so for the first time in millennia, perhaps, lupines
and Kindred have a reason to work together for the same cause.

Machinations
The Two Sides

Both Garou and Kindred have their malcontents, but only
rarely do individuals take issue so strongly with the status quo
that they're willing to put their entire societies at risk. Two
individuals willing to do so are Guttooth and Stalest. Both are

ambitious enough that they will destabilize the societies they

live in. In fact, they'll come perilously near to tearing them
apart to further their own ends. Below is a quick summary of
what each malcontent has in mind for his or her own society.

Kindred

Stalest chafes under the control of the prince, believing that
she can run the city much better. She relishes the idea of
personal power. Siegfried's reputation as Prince rests on his
ability to keep the peace and keep Vancouver open as a "city
of refuge". In Vancouver, Kindred can take time out from clan-
mediated conflicts. They can enjoy the variety of exotic blood
types that can be found in this port city. So far the system has
worked well.

But what if the system stops working? What if Vancouver
isno longer a safe haven? The Kindred who depend upon the
city's status as a safe haven would withdraw their support from
Siegfried and throw it behind someone who could prove she
could keep the peace. This is Stalest's reading of the situation,
at least. Using various Kindred loyal to her, she is staging
provocative incidents throughout the city, steadily undermin-
ing Siegfried's authority and reputation. When the time is
right, she will move to replace him

Once she's prince, she will prove that she can bring peace to
the city and will stop the agents provocateurs who were causing
all the problems. This won'tbe much of a problem, since those
agents provocateurs were carrying out her orders in the first

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels 101


place. This tactic will work, she judges: ithas been used time
and time again throughout history.

Garou

Whether he's Wyrm-ridden or just disgustingly ambitious,
Guttooth also wants to oust the current leadership of his
society and take the position for himself. Although he is
preaching Total War against the humans and the Cainites, he
doesn't want open conflict. Not only does he believe that the
Garou would be wiped out in such a war, but he also has no
interest in leading under such chaotic conditions. He will
bring the lupines to the brink of war, if that's what it takes to
achieve his goals, before tuning them back from the precipice.

His plan is to whip the younger and more militant Garou
intoa frenzy, turning themagainst the conservative, "bilateral"
policies of Abercorn and the other elders. Once the old
leadership has been swept away and he's been raised to the
position of ultimate power, he will claim as the "Priest of Gaia"
that the "spirits" who urged him to war in the first place have
changed their minds and now favor renewed peace. (If

necessary, he will explain that this whole thing was just a test,

a way for the spirits to see if the Garou still have what it takes

to be the protectors of Gaia.)

Guttooth's plan is a little less developed than Stalest's, but
that's a typical difference between the Kindred and Garou.
The "Pries

can turn
even if it's possible.

of Gaia" hasn't given sufficient thought to how he
people away from war once he's their leader, or

ance
\\ fA) Mh H SoM

Intersection

These were the plans that Guttooth and Stalest developed
independently. Neither knew, or really cared, what the other
group was doing.

Then Guttooth started hearing rumors that something
unusual was underway among the Kindred of Vancouver. As
a Garou, he couldn't have cared less if the "cadavers" wanted
to rip each other's throats out. Then again, could there be
something here that he could use to his advantage?

It took considerable bravery for the Shadow Lord to estab-
lish contacts with the Cainites. Nobody knows exactly how he
managed it, but he got in contact with Stalest. In the first of
several face-to-face meetings, he told her that he had figured
out what she was up to: she was trying to destabilize the peace
so she could unseat the prince.

How did Guttooth know this, particularly when Siegfried
and the other Kindred were ignorant of Stalest's machina-
tions? Only Guttooth himself knows, and he's definitely not
telling. He could conceivably have figured it out for himself,
but where did he pick up the evidence for that conclusion?

A disturbing possibility is that he learned it directly or
indirectly from the Wyrm itself. In this scenario, the "Priest of
Gaia" isn't a direct agent of the Wyrm. (This adventure is
based on "Possibility #3" from Chapter Three, although it can
be modified to work with one of the other two motivations).
Still, it's quite likely that the Garou's Ancient Enemy, or some

102 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

of its minions, will be taking notice of what is happening in
Vancouver. Outright war between the Garou, the Kindred
and the humans would certainly fit the Wyrm's plans perfectly,
and some kind of interaction between Guttooth and Stalest
might just lead to that eventuality. For this reason, one of the
Wyrm's minions might have passed information about Stalest's
plans to Guttooth, either in a dream or in such a way that the
"Priest of Gaia" believes it to be pure intuition.

Whatever the truth of the matter, Guttooth did meet with
Stalest, and told the Cainite that he knew at least something

Stalest's first inclination was, of course, to tear the throatout

about her plan to oust Si

of this foul lupine to silence him forever. At the last moment
she realized he mightbe of some use. (Besides, she could always
kill him later...) She asked what he had in mind.

Guttooth quickly laid out a plan where the two could work
together to benefit each other. Each had a plan that would
probably work fine in isolation. If only they could coordinate
their actions...

Guttooth

Here's roughly how it would go down, according to
Guttooth's view of things. Stalest would help him goad the
Garou toward war by raising the profile of the Kindred in
Vancouver. Her supporters would stage various raids against
Garou tribes, attacking their moots and even their Kinfolk.
The only thing that would be off-limits would be the Great
Caern itself. Guttooth might be ambitious, but he's still a
Garou, after all. The "Priest of Gaia" would then use this as
further evidence that the Covenant isn't working, and the
elders' policies of nonintervention would be overturned. Up
to now, the vampires have kept such a low profile that many
Garou have just about forgotten they ever existed. Thissudden
campaign of Kindred "atrocities" would have a shocking
impact on the People. With the Garou whipped up into a
frenzy, the Priest of Gaia would overthrow Abercorn and his
toadies, quickly attaining a position of leadership.

He would then pick a select group of "holy warriors" that he
would lead ina raid against the "leeches". These hand-picked
warriors would either be let in on the scam, or too dumb to
realize this was all a set-up. (If they did see through the scam,
they could always "die tragically but nobly" in the operation.)
Guttooth would lead his "special forces" team into the heart of
the city to root out the leeches and extinguish them.

Nobody would witness the team's "heroic deeds", of course,
because there wouldn't be any. Aftera suitable length of time,
the team would return, claiming to have eliminated the
"cadaver threat". (Perhaps, as proof, they would bring back the
corpse ofa vampire or two.) Stalest would immediately stop all
provocation, and the vampires would fade back into the
woodwork once more. Forall the Garou could tell, the Kindred
would have vanished.

With the renown he had earned from "eliminating the
vampire threat", Guttooth would find it much easier to tum
the People back from the path of Total War. Peace would

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels

retum to the Garou, and Guttooth would have the position of
leadership he has coveted.

Stalest

Ofcourse, Stalest would have to see some benefit out of this
cooperation as well. Guttooth had that side of things figured
out, too. Under the direct command of the "Priest of Gaia", he
could select "special assault teams" of Garou to stage raids on

This would be

nothing crucial, of course, and nothing that would compro-

specific Kindred interests in Vancouver.

mise Stalest's ability to rule as prince. Like Stalest's goons,
Guttooth's followers would operate as terrorists, effectively
making Vancouver ungovernable for Siegfried. An upswing in
Garouactivity would disprove the prince's claims of peace with
the werewolves, and would undermine his reputation and
authority. Any attempts Siegfried made to block the Garou
raids would fail. Stalest would see to that. Throughout this
period, Stalest's "stooges" would argue that the Vancouver
Cainites need a prince capable of dealing with the "lupine
threat". Although Stalest would not put herself forward as
such a person, her supporters certainly would.

Once Siegfried had fallen, Stalest would step forward "un-
willingly", driven by her sense of duty to her kind, and by her
hatred of the lupines. She and her followers would "brave the
lupine hordes" to reach the leader and "convince" him of the
foolishness of continued attacks against the Kindred. Stalest
and her special action team would return, possibly bearing the
bodies of several lupines who had tried to stop her. These
would be any members of Guttooth's own squad who had
realized what was really going on, claiming to have forced the
lupine leader to "sue for peace". The lupine attacks would stop
immediately, of course, effectively proving that Stalest had
restored the peace that Siegfried had lost.

Plans

Even though she didn't appreciate the lesson in intrigue
froma smelly, forest-dwelling lupine, Stalest had to appreciate
the elegance and symmetry of Guttooth's plan. Upon consid-
eration, she accepted his proposal, and the two set about
planning exactly what kinds of provocation each would stage.

Stalest decided that attacks against the two things Garou
consider most holy would have the greatest effect. Her "goon
squad" would target the caern of the Glass Walkers beneath
the Smiling Buddha nightclub and the Kinfolk of several
Garou tribes. The easiest Kinfolk to reach would be those who
lived in a tightly defined neighborhood. Specifically, these
would be the Wendigo Kinfolk living on the Musqueam
reservation. Vampires would alsodo what they could to disrupt
as many tribal mootsas they could. (This would take some care
and subtlety. Any vampire who staged a "frontal assault"
against a Garou moot would certainly be torn to shreds.)

For his part, Guttooth would concentrate more on the
destruction of property belonging to important Kindred. For
example, several of Vancouver's more influential Cainites
own resources or run companies. Guttooth's Garou would

103


stage "eco-terrorist" raids against these facilities. If possible,
the Garou might also attack individual Kindred, but they
would have to be very careful. Vampires can defend them-
selves against werewolves better than humans can. Such
attacks would be targeted against solitary and relatively weak
vampires.

Both would also be ready to capitalize on any opportunities
for further provocation. It would be easy to set up the latest
group of Kindred arriving in Vancouver. They would be
unaware of the political situation. Stalest would manipulate
them into meeting with a group of Garou somewhere in
Stanley Park. When they reached the location for the meet-
ing, they would find the body of a slain Garou just in time to
be caught "red-handed" over the corpse by a patrol of other
werewolves. Of course, this kind of entrapment would work
just as well the other way around, with newly arrived Garou
caught over the body of an extinguished Kindred.

Guttooth and Stalest are both intelligent and sly, and
they're definitely capable of improvising. If situation arises
that they can bend to their own purposes, they will certainly do

so.
le °
Complications

If the best laid schemes of mice and men often go awry, so
do the machinations of Kindred and Garou. While their plans
might seem foolproof in isolation, there's all too much in the
real world that can royally screw them up. The major problem
is that both have probably overestimated their ability to stop
the hostilities once they've got what they want. Members of
both societies will have been badly hurt by the conflicts. The
Garou will have lost Kinfolk, while certain Kindred will have
lost things that are of great value to them. They're not going
to be too quick to just set aside their grievances and retum to
the way things were before.

There are other issues specific to the two groups. Here are
just a sampling of things that can go wrong. Storytellers can,
no doubt, come up with many more complications to throw
into the plot.

The Kindred
Siegfried

Siegfried has been distracted for a while. Three of his
powerful lieutenants have gone missing andare presumed to be
destroyed. He doesn't know exactly what has happened. The
loss of his lieutenants has significantly decreased his power.
Anyone or anything that could take down three powerful
Kindred is something to worry about. What if it tums its
attention to Vancouver? With all this on his mind, it's not
surprising that he has paid little attention to the minor
incursions by the Garou.

Eventually he has to pay attention, but by the time he does,
things might have escalated to a startling degree. How will

104

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Siegfried respond? He'll be shocked when he realizes just how
bad things are, and might well overreact.

Probably his first act will be to get in contact with Daly of
theGlass Walkersand demand an explanation. Depending on
when and how he does this, Daly might not respond. He's got
problems of his own to worry about, and he might well have
concluded that Siegfried isno longer interested in maintaining
the Covenant. If Daly does brush off Siegfried or ignore him,
the prince will almost certainly interpret thisas proof that Daly
wants to break the Covenant. This might lead the irate prince
to take some kind of direct action against Daly out of sheer
pique. Conflict and misunderstanding between the two indi-
viduals best equipped to maintain order can send everything
spinning further out of control.

Lyle and Necross

These two powerful Kindred could quite possibly bring
things back undercontrol, at leaston the Cainite side of things.
Neither has much ofan interest in acting. All Lyle really cares
about is protecting his master until the time of his awakening,
while Necross has lost all interest in things going on around
him.

Derek

Derek is more than a little unstable. His reaction to Garou
incursions would be to go off the handle and initiate a major
attack against the "foul lupines". Once he's got his dander up,
even Stalestwill have little chance of controllinghim. Assoon
as Derek makes his first major attack on the Garou, Stalest has
lost control.

The Garou

Among the Garou, there's an ample supply of young mili-
tantfirebrands who have taken Guttooth's "Total War" rhetoric
to heart. The Priest of Gaia might be a great Theurge with
contacts in the Deep Umbra, they figure, but he's done his bit
by making them aware of what needs to be done. Now it's time
forthe Ahrounsto take over. These groupsare starting tomake
"unsanctioned" raids against the Kindred (and against the
humans, although this isn't anywhere near as relevant at the
moment).

This puts Guttooth ina tough position. He's been counsel-
ing war, and the firebrands have listened to him. If he wants
to keep them under control, he's going to have to counsel
restraint, which, of course, doesn't fit in well with his earlier
thetoric about Total War. He's got to try and get the firebrands
back under control without being perceived as trying to
control them. (Ifhe is perceived this way, Garou will start to
suspect that this whole thing isa scam.) The firebrands might
well be beyond listening to him anyway. They've tasted war,
and many of them will find they like it. They are finally doing
something about the way the humans and leeches have raped
Gaia, and if the Priest of Gaia has suddenly got an attack of
conservatism, so what?


Meanwhile, the Shadow Lords are taking this opportunity
tomakea move against the Silver Fangs and Abercorn. While
this doesn't specifically impact Guttooth's plans, it gives
Abercom, and his supporters among the other tribes, some-
thing else to distract them when they should be trying to keep
a lid on things with the firebrands. Also, since Abercorn and
the Fangs will be counseling peace, Kawecki and his supporters
will automatically be counseling for war.

Daly really needs to contact Siegfried in an attempt to
reassure him that the minor raids aren'ta prelude toall-out war.
Siegfried seems to be massively overreacting to the whole
situation. Because Daly's got more important things todo than
deal with an irate vampire, he might be tempted to put matters
with the prince on the back bumer. How will Siegfried
misinterpret that?

Finally, if that weren't bad enough, something is happening

tothe Expo Site. The Vancouver Garou have alwayssuspected
it'sa"Wyrmhole" ora caern of the Wyrm, but now ill-aspected
creatures are starting to slink out of the toxic zone to play merry
hell in the city. Yet again, this adds one more complication to
the Garou's life: not only must they worry about war with the

Kindred, but they have to figure out how to deal with a

dramatic increase in the Wyrm's power.
With the emergence of the Expo Site as a Wyrmhole,

n

Guttooth's attempts to calm down the firebrands seem e
weaker than usual. Here's more evidence that the Final Days
are upon the Garou. In the face of that, how can the Priest of
Gaia argue for restraint? The Apocalypse is here.

(Damage Control

Depending on how the Storyteller wants her Chronicle to
go, the escalation discussed above can be slow and inexorable
orrapidand terrible. In nocase will it be so fast that Stalestand

Guttooth can't see it coming and try to do some "damage
control" before it all gets totally out of hand. But what exactly
can they do?

The first problem is that each will automatically blame the
other for taking action above and beyond what they originally
agreed to say. For example, some of the Garou firebrands will

almost certainly be hitting targets that Guttooth and Si

alest
agreed were "off limits", while Derek's actions against the
lupines are far more damaging than either intended. Unfortu-
nately, discussing their problems in a rational, logical way

would require that each admit to the other that they have lost

control of the situation. Pride will prevent them from admit-
ting thisand showing weakness in the eyes of the other. Instead
of admitting that things are out of hand, it's much easier and
more satisfying to blame the other for overstepping the bounds
of their agreements.

For obvious reasons, these discussions can hardly be con-
ducted through intermediaries, which means that the two
principals will have to meet face to face. This might cause
problems in and of itself, since neither can be seen meeting the
other without compromising everything. The first "damage
control" meeting will be acrimonious. The second will be

Chapter Fiv

vituperative. The third will be downright poisonous, as they

wheel out the
won't be a fourth meeting.

nerations-old racial slurs and hatreds. There

Unless someone intervenes, it's likely that one will try to

assassinate the other. Both could try it, setting up a situation

of "dueling assassins". Ifeither or both attempts succeeds, this

will fan the flames of the conflict even more. The firebrands
will learn that the leeches have killed the Priest of Gaia, while
the Kindred will learn that the Garou have escalated to the
point of assassinating senior vampires. If things get this far, it
will almost take a miracle to bring things under control again.

Player Involvement
Kindred Packs

If the players represent a pack of neonates who have just
arrived in Vancouver, Stalest might well decide to set them up
and have them blamed for killing a Garou representative,
fanning the fire. Both sides will then be after the neonates. The
Garou will seek vengeance, and the Kindred will be out to
punish them for breaking the Prince's Laws. From there, the
neonates can try to stop the war, throw in their lot with either
faction, orjusttry to live long enough to escape from Vancouver
before it goes up in flames.

Wheels within Wheels 105


Garou Packs

Young Garou who have recently arrived in Vancouver can
be set up by Guttooth in much the same way. Again, their
choices are the same: stop the war, help one side or the other,
or just try to save their own skins.

Mixed Packs

This is probably the most interesting possibility. A mixed
pack of Garou and Kindred quite possibly has the best chance
of figuring out what's really going on and stopping the war
before it gets rolling.

The situation that makes war most likely is the fact that the
two sides don't communicate easily. Since they are so different
living and undead, feral and urban, selfless defenders of Gaia
and the selfish defenders of their own best interests it only

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

makes sense that the two factions see the world in different,
almost incompatible ways. When things start getting out of
hand, they will both interpret events differently. (This is what
Guttooth and Stalest are counting on.) Since the two factions
rarely communicate, they can't coordinate their single points
of view and figure out what is really happening.

A mixed pack can get around this problem to a certain
extent, at least. Garou and Kindred who are part of the same
pack can compare their perceptions, and maybe figure out
exactly what is happening. With contacts in both camps, they
have a better chance to change things as well. (Of course, the
very fact that the pack is mixed is also a hindrance. In the

middle of a war, how much credence will be given to anyone
who's so obviously "consorting with the enemy"?)

War and Peace

The key to peace is in the hands of the government.

Margaret Thatcher (radio broadcast days before the

Falkland Islands War)

It's obvious that Vancouver is important to both the Kin-
dred and the Garou. The peace which has existed for more
than twenty years has been beneficial to both sides, but forces
in each society want it to collapse. Forces on both sides are
debating the merits of war and peace.

War and Peace is the framework of a story based around the
Kindred-Garou conflicts described in the preceding chapters.
This story is appropriate for either beginning or more experi-
enced characters and is set up to be equally useful for both

mpire and werewolf parties.

The Theme

As discussed at the start of this chapter, two powerful
individuals have decided to help each other take control of
their respective groups. Unfortunately, events are about to
occur which will wreck their carefully laid plans and take the
Kindred of Vancouver into a bloody war with the Garou. In
this conflict, both sides will lose. The Great Caern may
become tainted or destroyed in the battle, and the Wyrm may
take advantage of the chaos to launch an attack on the Garou
stronghold. The Kindred stand not only to fight a battle in
which they're greatly outnumbered, but could also lose the
only city of refuge for their kind that exists.

And Never the Twain...

This story is written for use with a mixed "pack" of Kindred
and Garou characters. It assumes that the two "contingents"
do not know each other at the outset, however (which is, after
all, the most likely situation). The plot splits into two parallel
stories. Events occur involving the Kindred characters in one
"sub-story", while different but complementary events involve
the Garou characters in another. Neither group of characters
is, as yet, aware of the other. It is only near the midpoint of the
story that the two groups of player characters learn of each

other's existence and realize that there's an overriding need for
them to work together.

From a practical standpoint, this will probably mean that
the Storyteller will deal with the two groups in different
gaming sessions until the "intersection point" where coopera-
tion is ne ry. It might be even more interesting if neither
group of players is aware there's another group. The combined

troupe will complete the story.

Throughout the following sections, there will be comments
thatsuggest how thisstory may be altered so it'sstill usable with
only Garou ot only Kindred characters.

The Story for Kindred

Don't judge a book by the cover
Unless you cover just another
And blind acceptance is a sign
Of stupid fools who stand in line
Sex Pistols, "EMI"

The Introduction

Nomatterhow the Kindred charactersarrived in Vancouver,

they will be met somewhere by Siegfried's lackeys and taken to
see the prince. This will happen almost immediately, as
Siegfried is very curious about newcomers to his city. The
prince is usually at Luv-A-Fair, and the characters will smell
the blood and the energy of the dancers when they enter.
(When was the last time they fed? Maybe it's time for the
players to roll to see if they can avoid the call of the blood.)
Eventually they will be taken upstairs to meet the prince.

The characters will be taken into a soundproofed hallway
leading toa heavy door. Behind this door is a large office with
aone-way window overlooking the dance floor. Behinda large
oak desk is a wall of communication devices. Communica-
tions traffic can be heard constantly on the speakers. ("Team
one checking in, area secure," "
peaceful here," and soon.) Make sure the characters hear these
voices. They are the continuous reports of Gangrel scouts
patrolling the city limits. Patrols are waiting for a possible
invasion by the lupines.

‘eam seven checking in, all

Siegfried is sitting behind the desk and doing paperwork of
some kind. Julie Foster is standing beside him. After a couple
of seconds, the prince stands up and introduces himself, asking
the characters to state their business in the city. He then tells
them the laws of the city and warns them not to stray from the
city. The consequences could be disastrous. (See Chapter Two
for a list of the Prince's Laws.)

Atsome time during the interview, a ghoul servant delivers
an envelope to the prince. He explains that it was delivered to
the cluband addressed to Siegfried. Siegfried calmly opens the
envelope. Any player rolling at least one success against
Empathy + Perception (difficulty 7) notices quick and subtle

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels 107


expressions of fear and anger flash across the stone features of
the prince. Siegfried briefly tells them to enjoy their stay and
has them quickly escorted out of the office.

Although the characters won't know it, the envelope
contains a message from a human ally in Victoria stating that
for the second night, Siegfried's missing lieutenants have failed
to show up. By the next day, most Vancouver Kindred will
have heard that something is wrong, although they'll have no
idea what it is. No one will be able to gain an audience with
the prince. Siegfried will devote all his time trying to find out
what happened and whether the situation isa direct threat to
the peace of the city.

Scene One: My, Aren't We
Friendly

Within the first hour after the characters leave the prince's
office, several vampires will introduce themselves to the new-
comers. Stalest is obviously the most important. She is very
friendly and forthcoming, telling the players about Graceland
and some of the city's more famous sights. If the characters ask,
she will give sketchy details about the peace treaty, adding, in
a hushed voice, that it's starting to break down. The prince
isn't as strong as he used to be, and the lupines aren't holding
to their part of the treaty. During the night, several other
vampires will tell the characters the same thing, but they will

s if they don't want anyone to

always speak in hushed voices,

overhear. The rumor about the prince's weakness started a
couple of days ago. Stalest and Guttooth have put their plan
into effect

The Next Few Days

Overthenext couple ofdays (maybe an hour of roleplaying),
incidental events occur. Let the characters look around the
city and maybe meet more of the vampires. If there are
Nosferatu in the group, one of the local members of the clan
will contact them. Let the players get comfortable with the
city. Lull them into a false sense of security. Ideally, they
should be relaxed and have no reason to expect that anything
is amiss. Remember that Canada is very strict about gun
control, even in the Gothic-Punk world. None of the charac-
ters should be carrying weapons. If they insist, a couple of close
calls with the police will help them get the point. At some
point, the characters should goon a tour of the city limits tosee
the peace in effect. If they don't decide this on their own, then
the suggestion can come from another vampire. A friendly
comment will be made in passing: "Have you been near the
city limits yet? Beautiful scenery out there, a mix of civilization
and nature. Who knows, you might even see one of those
werewolves on the prowl. Just make sure you don't antagoniz
them and they'll leave you alone. It's part of the peace treaty,
you know."

Things Get Rolling

By now, the characters should be in a car driving through
the ‘burbs, looking at the tr
nohouses. They should feel relaxed and comfortable, at peace
with the world. Nothingis wrong. They are in control. Now
it's time to shake them up.

and long stretches of road with

At some point, they should be intercepted by a Gangrel
patrol consisting of Illana and another member of the clan.
The characters will notice that all the Gangrel have headset
communications devices keeping them in constant contact

with the other patrols and Siegfried. Illana tells the characters

to keep to the roads. They should be fine.

After several kilometers, the characters' car passes a hitch-
hiker. If the car stops for this young man thumbinga ride, they
might be expecting the ambush. If the characters don't slow

down, the car suffers an explosive flat soon after passing him.

The lupines have made a few "modifications" to the road.
Either way, the hitchhiker approaches the car. He draws a gun
and fires repeatedly at the closest characters. Other Garou
jump out from the bushes; the characters are outnumbered.
Some of the ambushers are already in Crinos form while
charging into combat.

The battle should be fastand furious. The characters will get
badly chewed up. There should be enough Garou in the fight
to convince the Kindred that this isn't a fight they're going to

win, or even survive. Fortunately, Illana runs over the hill

several tums after the first gunshots go off. Upon seeing IIlana,
the lupines break from combat and disappear into the woods.
Any characters with the Brawl skill should roll their Brawl

+ Intelligence to realize that the lupines were holding back.

108 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

They should have been able to extinguish the characters
withoutmuch problem. How did the Garou know where toset
up the ambush? The characters should start worrying.

The Next Day

Every vampire the characters meet will ask about the
ambush. (Rumors travel fast in Vancouver, and an attack by
lupines, in contravention of the Covenant, is big and disturb-
ing news.) Many vampires will point out that this is just
another sign that Siegfried is losing control of the situation.
Something has to be done.

Atthistime, the characters

ay want to visit the prince, but
they will quickly learn he's concerned with "more pressing
matters". He refuses to see anyone. At some point, Illana
invites the characters to join her on patrol, where they could
make some sense out of this attack by talking to the lupines
themselves. If the characters join her, they'll see some inter-
esting sights.

While traveling the outskirts of the city with Ilana, the
characters will see several groups of lupines emerge from the
bush to talk with Ilana. None of the lupines will be interested
in talking to the characters. None of them will know anything
about the attack. This is a good time to let the characters find
out just what kind of situation they're in atthe moment. Those
with high Alertness will notice many lupines in the woods
surrounding the suburbs. The purpose of these encounters is to
bring home to the players the feeling of isolation. The
should realize that they're dealing with large num-
bers of these beasts, and the armies of the Garou seem to be all
along the city perimeter. If something goes wrong in the city,
the characters should realize that there probably won't be a way
toescape. This gives the player!

chara

te

amotive forfinding out what's

wrong.

Once back in the city, the characters will be invited to a
special meeting at Daphne's mansion in the British Properties.
The invitation will probably be extended by one of the
Toreadors, and the characters will be asked not to tell anyone
else about the "party" (meetings like this are officially illegal).

Scene Two: The Plot
Chickens... Or Does Jt?

Most of the vampires in Vancouver will be noticeably
worried and edgy. The thought of a war with hundreds of
lupines isn't much to look forward to, especially since the
Kindred came here to getaway fromall this. The only vampires
who aren't visibly edgy are Derek, Neil and Kyle. Derek wants
a war with the lupines and is eager to start the blood flowing.
Neil and Kyle seem more excited than worried. If any of the
characters decide to follow either of these two, they will
witness an interesting meeting. If the characters ask about the

two vampires, they can easily find out about their many
dealings with Stalest. They can usually be found in her
company.

The Meeting

If the characters decide to tail either Kyle or Neil, they will
eventually be led to a small, run-down house in the burb:
Inside the house are two of the werewolves who attacked the
characters. Stalest's henchmen are here to meet with the
lupines, making sure that every thing is going "according to
plan". (They won't mention what plan, of course, but this
should be enough for any character to realize that something
very wrong is going on.)

There are hints that the house is actually guarded by Garou
patrolling the woods around it. These are actually the Garou
characters described in Guard Duty (Take Two) in the other
"half" of the story. Youas Storyteller could have the two groups
come into contact, and conflict, at this time. This would add
more complexity to their later meeting in Daly's offices. If this
is too complex and ambitious, it should be a simple matter to
guarantee that the groups simply avoid each other.

The Party

Sometime after the meeting, a "party" at Daphne's mansion
takes place. Stalest, Neil, Kyle, Andrew, Lyle and many of the
other vampires who aren't directly connected to Siegfried are
present. The topic of this meeting is the attack on the
characters and what to do about it. The characters are asked
to recount their experience and will be pressed for their
opinions. The atmosphere of this meeting should be one of
despair and urgency. Again, it won't be hard for anyone with
empathy to notice that everyone except Neil and Kyle are very
worried about something. Stalest is too good an actor to give
away anything.

Atsome point in the meeting, Neil interrupts and suggests
that they replace Siegfried with a prince who can deal with the
problems. When asked who should replace the prince, Neil
suggests Stales

The characters might think that they've figured things out,
and they'll probably guess correctly. Stalest's plans have more

depth than that. Her reaction to Neil's suggestion isshock and
horror, and she will quickly deny any interest in taking
Siegried's place. Instead of a coup, she argues, the Kindred
present should try to pressure Siegfried into solving the prob-
lem through diplomatic means. Someone (not one of her
stooges) likes the idea and presses Stalest. In response, she
grudgingly says she might consider taking over leadership of
Vancouver, but only if there's no other choice and if everyone
here supports her. Her tone of voice and expression hint that

she's saying this only to put an end to a topic of conversation
that really disturbs her. By the time Stalest has finished her
little show, the characters should be a little less sure that they
know what's going down.

Shortly after the meeting, a vampire the characters have not
seen before approaches them, asking if they will meet him the
next night in Stanley Park. If they do, he claims, he will give
them some information that hints at what's really going on.
This vampire is, of course, a lackey of Stalest's, and he has
decided to turn her in before something goes wrong. By this

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels 109


time, something has gone wrong. He won't give his name, but
he will insist chat the characters meet him the following night.

Regardless of whether they agree, the characters will prob-
ably go to find the prince. He still isn't seeing anyone, but the
characters will now hear of two recent skirmishes on the city
limits between Gangrel patrols and some lupines. Itseems that
tempers and old hatreds, along with Derek's intense dislike of
the lupines, have flared into more conflicts. The characters
will hear rumors that a Gangrel was actually badly hurt. One
of the lupineswaskilled before the others were driven back into
the forest. This skirmish wasn't part of the plan hatched by
Stalest and Guttooth. The situation they've orchestrated has
already started to get out of hand. Several followers of the
"Priest of Gaia" have decided to act on their own. They were
unfortunate enough to run into Derek, who thought that a
good scrap was a great idea. (He rationalized his actions by
describing what the lupines did to the characters as "justice".)
These incidents sparked others, which in turn have prompted
more rumors that the peace is collapsing. War may eruptatany
moment.

Somewhere in the characters' quest for an audience with
the prince, they will be directed to Julie. Julie regretfully
informs them that the prince isn'tseeinganyone. She's having
ahard time getting through to talk to him. Julie is so worried
by this thatshe divulges her own suspicions about what is going
on. She believes Lyle is behind the breaking of the peace and
that he wants to become prince. If the characters can find
evidence ofhis evil dealings, maybe she will be able to get them
an audience with the prince and, together, they can save
Vancouver. Julie truly believes the silent vampire is behind all
these troubles, and she will try to convince the characters.

Set-Up

Before the meeting with Stalest's lackey takes place, you
should make sure that the charactersare introduced to Alberich.
Knowing that the Nosferatu stay out of politics and that they
seem to congregate under Gastown will be of use to the
characters in the coming events of the story.

The meeting at Stanley Park is a set-up. When the
characters arrive, they find the staked and decapitated body of
avampire at the meetingplace. Withina few moments, several
vampires appear on the scene and begin shooting at the
characters. Derek is among them, but he looks stunned and
doesn't begin shooting for at least a couple of seconds. The
characters have little choice but to run for it, probably toward
Gastown in the hopes of gainingsome help from the Nosferatu.

It's probably a good idea to let the characters sweat it out for
a while. Within ten minutes of their escape, many of
Vancouver's vampires will know of the crime committed by
thecharacters. Rumors abound linking them with the lupines,
claiming that they're paving the way for an invasion. Any
vampires they meet will be shooting first, and not bothering to
ask questions. In the middle of a city full of enemies, the
characters should suffer the same isolation and claustrophobia
as the gang in the movie The Warriors.

110

The characters will need allies from somewhere. If they
have impressed Alberich, or were kind to Rex, they might be
able totalk their way pastthe Nosferatuand reach Necross. For
any meeting with the Malkavian, the characters will be
stripped of all weapons before being allowed into the tunnels
underneath Gastown (with no exceptions). They will also be
led through the catacombs by such a complex route that they
should never be able to find their way back.

Necross

The characters are ordered to wait in a small room with
chairs for all of the characters except one (get one of your
players to stand while he's waiting). They will have to wait for
some time.

They will eventually meet Necross, one of the original
formulators of the Covenant and the peace. Remember,
Necross isn't a Nosferatu, and he's barking mad (see Chapter
5 formore details). Afterlisteningto the characters' storiesand
undergoing a few personality switches, Necross suggests two
logical choices. One is to prove either Stalest or Lyle is behind
all of this. The other is to go to the lupines and ask for their
help. Roger Daly of the Glass Walkers is a good contact.
Necross gladly gives the characters Daly's cellular phone
number. If the characters have impressed him and shown
patience, Necross himself will go with the characters to meet
with Daly.

Lyle

Trying to prove Lyle has anything to do with events
represents quitea problem. He isn'tinvolved. Ifthe characters
follow him around and aren't spotted, they will find out that he
has something going on at Simon Fraser University. If the
characters can persuade Lyle that the peace isabout tocollapse,
and if he thinks this might harm his master, then he might
decide to help them. Convincing Lyle that it's important will
be difficult. He has guessed Stalest's plot, but he thinks that all
of the confrontations are orchestrated, and won't readily
believe that a real war is in the offing. Remember, Lyle doesn't
care who's in charge as long as his master isn't disturbed.

Stalest

Trying to prove Stalest is behind all of this is going to take
some mighty fine detective work and serious evidence. The
characters might just manage it if they can track down the
lupines behind the first attack or if they can capture Neil or
Kyle and sweat the truth out of them. Either way, they will
almost certainly need some cooperation from the Garou
themselves.

Scene Three: Meeting with the
Enemy

Meeting a Garou in an office within Vancouver's financial
district instead of the forest may confuse the characters and

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

seriously worry themat thesame time. Seeing Daly inasuitand
sitting behind a desk may worry them more.

Daly will meet with the Kindred only if Necross sets up the
meeting or if he has some other compelling reason to trust
them. Daly already kno
the surprise of the characters, he is committed to re-establish
ing the peace. Unfortunately, he has a lot to handle at the
moment. He's trying to calm down his own people and cannot

bout the attacks and, probably to

provide the characters with much in the way of resources.

If the characters can't think of anything they can do to

prove Stalest's or Lyle's involvement, Daly suggests that they
follow Neil and Kyle to see if they meet with the mysterious
Garou again. Even though Daly can't supply any of his own
people to help the Kindred characters, it just so happens that

he has just met witha pack of young Garou who have their own

interesting tale to tell. They have their own reasons to find out

what is happening in Vancouver. This pack is waiting in
another office at this very moment...

The Story for Garou
The Introduction

The Garou characters may be natives of the Vancouver

area. Ifthe characters are from Vancouver, they should already

know about the Vancouver Compact and the Great Caern, so

youshould give the players the necessary background informa-
tion before play begins.

Irmight be more interesting, however, if they have come to
the Lower Mainland from elsewhere in the world. If they'v
lled to get here, the characters should have to prove
Only through
strength and courage can they demonstrate themselves worthy

trav
themselves to the tribes around the city first

of participating in the defense of the Great Caer. If the
characters have not gone through their Rite of Passage, they
probably would not be allowed to visit the caern anyway, so this
should be the first order of business
Assuming the characters have justarrived in the Vancouver
area, Guttooth will be among those Garou who greet them
One of the elders, probably the leader of their tribe, explains to

them about the power of the Great Caern and the Compact

that guarantees unrestricted access to it. He will then go on to
explain about the Covenant, the "non-aggression" pact with
theKindred. Throughout thispart of the explanation, Guttooth
will be nearby, carefully monitoring the characters' reactions,
trying to decide on how to best use these newcomers in his
planstotakecharge. Atsome point during their briefingabout
the treaty, Guttooth will start his spiel about how wrong the
treaty is and how the only path to salvation is through the
destruction of the humans and the leeches infesting the area of
the Great Caern.

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels 111


PRESENTS §— |
| The characters' pack is given the responsibility of patrolling

BOT ONWERSAL FILMS | Scene One: Guar? Duty

te

onearea around Vancouverand will be told about the frequent
patrols by the city's Gangrel. You should let the characters
become a little more comfortable as they scope out their
surroundings before they encounter the Gangrel. While one
of the characters is on patrol, a wolf will walk up to him. She
will change into a beautiful woman. Although the character
will probably mistake her for a Garou, the characters will
quickly find out that she's a vampire. Her name is Illana, and
she is trusted by most of the werewolves who patrol the
outskirts of Vancouver. (This would be a good chance for the
characters to ask about the city itself and about its inhabitants.
Illana will try to be helpful; after all, she enjoys the company
of Garou more than she does that of her own kind.)

The Gathering Storm

Over the next couple of days, the players should geta feel for
what is occurring. Guttooth, the "Priest of Gaia", is starting to
amass a large following among the younger, more hot-headed
Garou (mainly Red Talons and Get of Fenris) who want to do
some skull-bashing. It won't be hard for the players to find the
reasons behind this opposition to the treaty between the
Kindred and Garou. It seems that one of the largest forest
companies tried to log an ancient burial site that was specified
in the Covenant as off-limits. (This is the vampire Stalest's
doing, of course.) Although the logging has been postponed
and the issue has been tied up in the courts by several native
bands and environmental groups, this has gotten a lot of fur
ruffled. In addition, there are rumors starting of an increased
presence of vampires around the Great Caern itself. If the
characters try to ask Ilana about it, she will truthfully claim

that she doesn't know if the rumors are true or not, but will try
to find out for them.

Scene Two: Attack at Sundown

Guttooth and Stalest have held something of a lottery, and
the characters have "won". The two conspirators have deemed
the characters' pack to be one of the weaker of the patrols, and
thus they will be the victims of a vampire attack.

The attack occurs suddenly and without warning. The
vampires are armed with pistols firing silver bullets, and will
probably outnumber the characters. Guttooth and Stalest are
trying to push the two sides to the brink of war, and this is just
apart ofthatplan. It's essential that none of the charactersdie.
The vampires want the lupines to report the brutal attack, and
the dead tell no tales. Several turns after the attack starts, the
vampires will retreat back into the city, leaving the characters
to lick their wounds. (Since the characters were outnumbered
in the first place, following the vampires doesn't make tactical
sense.) Moments after the vampires leave, another pack that
heard the gunfire will show up to investigate. They help any
wounded characters back to gathering places around the city
to be healed.

112 Dark Alliance: Vancouver


New
. By the next day
and Get of Fenrisconstantly.
vowing vengeance. Guttooth will be parading around inall his
glory and preaching his views, which are gaining more visible
support with each passing day. The older, more even-tem-

of the unprovoked attack spreads like wildfire, of

cours the characters will have Red Talons

sking them about the attack and

pered Garou will also want to quiz the characters about the
unprovoked conflict. They also voice their concerns about a
war against the city, maybe creating an opening for the Wyrm.
Gurttooth and the firebrands don't want to hear reason right
now.

Scene Three: Guard Duty
(Take Two)

The next night, the characters are on patrol again. Froma
distance, they witness a Garou in Lupus form run up toa black
car, change into Homid form, and get in. The characters will
havea chance of recognizing the driver as one of their vampire
attackers (Perception + Alertness, difficulty of 7). The car is
heading off into the woods to an abandoned house. If the
characters follow, they will witness the conversation between
two vampires and the Garou. (This is a meeting between two
of Stalest's
minions.) Thereare hints that the house isa

eys, Neil and Kyle, and one of Guttooth's
-tually guarded by
vampires patrolling the woods around it. This is actually the

coterie of Kindred characters, who are overhearing the same
meeting. Again, the two groups could come into contact at
this time, complicating the meeting in Daly's offices. Other-
nged.

wise, making sure the two groups don't mightis easily

If they get close enough, the characters hear the vampires
discussing whether things are going "according to plan".
Predictably, nobody mentions just what plan they're talking
about...

The fact that some plan exists should be enough to make the
characters very suspicious. If they later track down the Garou
they saw at the meeting, they will find he's one of Guttooth's
supporters. Without too much further investigation, the
players should be able to find out that there has been talk
among the militant Garou about placing Guttooth in charge
of the caern. They want to let him deal with the problems,
effectively putting him in the position of leadership currently
held by Montgomery Abercorn. Hopefully, this should worry

the players and goad them into action.

Who Do We Cell?

The players should realize that few people will believe their
claims that Guttooth or one of his supporters is in league with
the Kindred. [Ilana will bring the players news of lupine attacks
on vampires and information about the vampires talking of
full-scale war. By now, thingsare starting to snowball. Guttooth
and Stalest are losing control.

During the next day, reports of the first fatalities in the
growing "Total War" will be making the rounds. Apparently,
three Garou were killed near the old Expo site inside the city.

As
what they happened to be doing there. There's also no

faras Guttooth's supporters are concerned, itdoesn't matter

question as to who killed them: obviously it was the Kindred.
(Guttooth's militants are in no mood for "presumption of
innocence" or anything that gets in the way of a good "holy
war".)

Scene Four: Off to Expo

ome of the more moderate tribal leaders— Abercorn of
the Silver Fangs and Chang of the Children of Gaia
trying to advocate peace. They're trying to convince the

are

fanatics that there's no proof the leeches were behind the
deaths. If the characters
then these moderates will summon them, requesting that they

have been openly advocating peace,

enter the city. They want the characters to investigate the
Expo site and see if they can find out who really killed the three
Garou. (If it was the Kindred, they'll deal with that when they
come to it.)

Some Unexpected Help

The old Expo site is now well on its way to becoming a
Wyrm caer.
energy into it and binding corrupted spirits to the site. With
rou would not realize

Banes and other foul creatures are pouring

awar going on, the Banes believe, the Ge
what was happening at the site until it was too late to do
anything about it.

While exploring the site, the characters will be attacked by
creatures of the Wyrm guarding the young caern. The charac-
ters should not be able to defeat the creatures by themselves.

ck is

pe from the Wyrmground, Banes howl behind

and will realize that they must withdraw. While the pz

trying to es
them. Several men in suitsshowuptoaid them. They are Glass

Walkers who have been monitoring the characters' travels
through the city. Once they realized what was happening, they
decided to help out. They lead the players to an office in a

downtown skyscraper where they meet Richard Daly.

Daly listens to the characters' story. He is highly concerned
with what is going on, but his resources are overcommitted
elsewhere, and he is unable to help them directly. He eventu-
ally suggests that the best course of action is to enlist the aid of
the vampires. It just so happens that he will soon be meeting
with a small group of young Kindred who seem to have much
th

Intersection: For Both
Kindred and Garou

The Meeting

The two groups who coincidentally appeared at Daly's

me goal in mind as the Garou characters...

offices are the Kindred and Garou player characters. By
comparing their stories, they should be able to develop a fairly
accurate picture of what is happening and realize that proving

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels 113


collusion between Guttooth and Stalest is the best way of
solving their immediate problems.

Troubleshooting

What if you are playing with only Garou or only Kindred
characters? If all the characters
aren't as overcommitted as he initially thought, and he can
"reinforce" the group with some of his trusted retainers. Hecan
also arrange for the Garou to meet with Alberich. Only Daly's
support will convince Alberich and the other Nosferatu that
the Garou mean Necross no harm. With blindfolds over their
eyes and chemically soaked rags over their noses to "blind"
their sense of smell, the characters are led deep into the city
beneath Gastown for a meeting with Necross. If they can
convince the powerful (and insane) vampire that the impend-
ing warwouldbe bad not only forthe Garou but forthe Kindred
as well, Necross will emerge from his seclusion to help the

re Garou, Daly's resources

characters. Now it's up to the characters to plan their next
move.

If all player characters are Kindred, Daly will again assign
some of his assistants to help them, and will arrange for a
meeting with Montgomery Abercorn, the leader of the Silver

ngs.

Explanation to the Elers

Whichever way things work out, Daly will suggest that the
player characters speak to Abercorn and certain other select
Garou elders. Direct support from Daly, indirect support from
Necross, and the very fact that Kindred and Garou are working
together will help the characters impr
These Garou will suggest that the ideal solution is to prove
collusion between Guttooth and one of the Kindred. This will
involve following Guttooth's representatives to their next

ess the senior Garou.

meeting.

There isanother, bigger issue: the Wyrmground developing
in the Exposite. In effect, the elders explain, they realize that
the greatest threat to the People isn't the humans or the
Kindred, but the growing Wyrmground and the danger it
represents to the Great Caer.

That's the perspective of the Garou. Where is the "percent-
age" for the Kindred in getting involved? The elders of
Vancouver largely accept that, although the vampires are,
ideologically speaking, of the Wyrm, they aren't always with
the Wyrm. If anything, they are tools. The Wyrm will cast
them aside as soon as they are no longer useful. The elders will
argue that the growing taint of the Wyrmground represents a
dire threat to the Kindred. Uncontrolled Wyrm activity in the
middle of the city will threaten the vampires' business and
personal interests. It could well attract unwanted attention
from other Kindred throughout the world the Camarilla and
the Sabbat, for example as well as other threats, such as the
hunters. Mages, too, will probably be drawn to such strange
activity. Allin all, it would be in the best interests of both the
Kindred and the Garou to eliminate the Wyrm threat from the
Expo site.

The simplest approach might be to send a ravening horde
of Garou into Vancouver to rip the Expo site apart. Of course,
there are problems with this. If enough Garou believed the
elders about the Wyrm taint, the tension between Garou and
Kindred is so strong that there would be real danger. The
Garou might continue their hostilities and burn down the city
even after they've fought off the Wyrm. Why let some good
momentum go to waste? The Kindred might not allow a force
of Garou large enough to fight the Wyrm into the city without
precipitating the war then and there. The elders argue that all
of the characters are going to have to find some way of defusing
the situation before they can deal with the Wyrmground.
They're going to have to act fast.

Caught in the Ad

Probably the best move the "mixed pack" can make is to
shadow the individuals they know to be involved: Neil and
Kyle, for example, or even Guttooth himself.

Guttooth and Stalest have a meeting scheduled at the
abandoned house to which the characters followed the con-
The meeting is intended for

pirators sometime earlier.
"damage control", but actually it will degenerate into a heated
series of slanderous arguments. Neil and Kyle will accompany
Stalest, while Guttooth will bring some of his co-conspirators
along. Tensions will be high, and so will security around the
house.

If the characters can get close enough to the meet, they will
overhear enough to understand what's actually going down.
Both player character factions Kindred and Garou will recog-
nize some of their own kind present. These revolutionaries
Stalest

are

backing the two major players nd Guttooth,

Unfortunately, there are lots of keen eyes around the

meeting. Someone will spot the characters and sound the

alarm.

Confrontation

Stalest will realize, a moment before Guttooth, that the
Kindred characters represent a chance to rectify things. If she
can capture them, maybe she can set things up so it seems that
they were behind the whole warscenario. She can parade their
extinguished bodies before the Kindred, claiming that she has
stopped their plan to destabilize the peace, proving she is more
capable of ruling Vancouver than Siegfried. Later, Guttooth
would realize that he could use the lupine characters in the
same way.

The characters now have a band of enemies with every
reason in the world for taking them down. As Storyteller, you
should arrange the number of foes so that the characters appear
to be doomed once the conflict actually gets going. The
charactersare subdued and taken prisoner. Stalestand Guttooth
willtaunt them, telling them that they will be
greater good of the new Prince of Vancouver and the new
leader of the Vancouver Garou.

sacrificed for the

114 Dark Alliance: Vancouver

It's possible that the characters will win the battle. If so,
Stalestshould escape to become an ongoingnemesis. Whether
they can convince Siegfried of Stalest's involvement in all of
this depends on what concrete proof they can provide him.
Although he's tough, Guttooth is less likely to survive a player
character victory than Stalest.

Long Live the Prince

If the characters lose the battle and are captured, let them
sweat out the impending end of their existence, experiencing
it in the fullness of its horror. At the last moment, however,
seemingly out of nowhere, two figures will appear from the
forest. The cavalry has arrived in the form of Daly and
Siegfried.

Siegfried uses his Dominate discipline to force the captors
to free the characters before he gets down to business. He must
deal with Stalest. In the first moments of the conflict (which
the characters are free to join, on either side) Stalest will realize
how sorely she has underestimated Siegfried's power. Her goal
in the battle will change from victory to escape. Dependingon
how you want things to work out, Stalest can be extinguished,
tying everything up neatly, or she can escape, providing you
with an excellent ongoing nemesis for the characters.

Similarly, Daly will challenge Guttooth to combat. Again,
depending on how you want things to work out, Guttooth can
accept the challenge, and get throated by Daly. Alternatively,
he can turn tale and flee ignominiously, possibly returning in
the future as another ongoing nemesis.

Maybe some things are not so easily wrapped up. Perhaps
Stalest wins her battle and claims the princedom. What will
she do to the players? Will they have to flee? What if she loses,
but Guttooth wins, or vice versa? The Storyteller should feel
free to complicate matters as much as she wants to. Keep in
mind, though, that if either Stalest or Guttooth wins, the
Vancouver situation will never be as peaceful as it once w

What Next?

Both the Garou and the Kindred en masse will grudgingly
admit that the war wasase

up. Tension will slowly start to die

down. While individuals on both sides will probably revile the
player characters who "demeaned themselves" by working
with the enemy, the leadership will be forced to acknowledge
the neonates and cubs have performed a great service for both
peoples.

Unfortunately, there's more work to be done. The Exposite
is still apparently a Wyrmhole. Both sides realize it's in their
best interest to eliminate the threat. This will require a mixed
force for two very good reasons. First of all, the Kindred know
very little about the Wyrm, itsminionsand its powers. They're
not informed enough to handle the job themselves. Further-
more, tensionsare still so high that the vampires will notallow
a large force of Garou to come trailing into their city to
eliminate some threat that might not even exist. Out of
political expediency, both factions decide that the only force

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels

acceptable to both sides is the "mixed pack" of player charac-
ters.

Note that both sides gain significant benefits from this
decision. First, this will be a great way to cement the peace
between the ancient enemies. Siegfried won't mind if the
vampire player characters are destroyed in action, thus elimi-
nating witnesses who know his real power after seeing the
prince in the last battle. It will also eliminate any favors he
happens to owe them for their prior services. Besides, sending
the players in to help the lupines will give Siegfried a chance
to find out more about this Wyrm thing the lupines keep
talking about. For the senior Garou, this is a test to see if the
Kindred can be trusted. If the player characters are ambushed,

the other Garou will learn something important without
they
will also gain significant help from the Kindred characters
against the Wyrmhole.

Off to the Expol

Just as it takes some time for the Garou to awaken a caern,
it takes the Wyrm some time to awaken a Wyrmhole, espe-
cially one that will be this powerful upon its completion. The

losing more than a very inexperienced pack. Of cours

Wyrm has, through its agents, slowly poisoned the area of the
old Expo site. In the haunted ruins of once gaily colored
pavilions, it has set about drawing forth fell creatures to corrupt
the Great Caem of the Garou and spoil the untouched
wilderness of the north.

When the characters reach the Exposite, Garou will be able
to feel a presence of darkness even if they don't have the Sense
Wyrm Gift. This indicates how strongand how dangerous the
potential Wyrm caer is. The exact layout of the pavilion that
houses the new Wyrm caern is up to you, but the characters
should have little trouble finding it. There will be no guards

posted and the players will be able to walk right in, ifthat's what
they want. The caern has already been partially activated and
the Wyrm wants to show off its "handiwork".

The caern itself looks like a large hole filled with a greenish
bubbling liquid. Around it lie the bodies of some fifteen
sacrificial victims humans, Garou and Kindred whose life force
was drained to awaken the caern. In the shadows lurk several
figures that appear to be human. Actually, they are Scrag (see
pg. 162 of Werewolf). Their number will depend on the
strength of the mixed pack sent against them; the Storyteller
must judge how many are required for a good, dramatic
conclusion. If threatened, they dance out of the way, taunting
the characters. They know that all they have to do is avoid
destruction fora minute or two, then the interlopers will have
something much more dangerous to worry about.

As the characters look on in horror, the toxic caern bubbles
and smokes, and a huge creature emerges, wreathed in flames.
This is the new weapon of the Wyrm: a Vulnus. It is a cross
between a Fiirmling (a Wyrm elemental of balefire) and a
Nexus Crawler.

115


Dulnus

Rage: 10

Willpower: 6

Gnosis: 10

Power: 40 (80)

Charms: All those charms possessed by both the fire
elemental (or Fiirmlings, if you have Book of the Wyrm) and the
Nexus C

The Vulnus has a power of 80 when at full capability, but it
Asit isnot yetat full
power, the Vulnus will not be able to use the Nexus Crawler's

awler, as given in the rule book

has just been awakened. Itneeds to fe

ability to warp reality... yet. (The characters should be
thankful for small favors.)

For each Garou or Kindred character that the Vulnus kills
or extinguishes and tosses into the Wyrm caer, it will increase
in power by 10 points. If it reaches its full 80 points, it will be
able to warp reality. (Note that the Scrag know this, and will
gleefully toss any incapacitated victim into the toxic caer.
Being thrown into thecaern isimmediately fatal to both Garou
and Kindred.)

This final scene should be a climactic battle royal, which the

player characters should win... barely. If it seems they will go
down to defeat, it's possible that outside forces may join the

fray. Possibly some Get or other militant Garou have ignored

the orders of the elders and have penetrated the city. Altern
tively, Siegfried might have ordered the mixed pack followed,
and the shadowers have realized that they had better do
something if they want to keep Vancouver as they know it in

one piece.

Destroying the Vulnus leaves the caern temporarily quies

cent, but nobody knows how long this will last. Ifany Kindred
witnesses survive and report what they saw to Siegfried, the
prince will allow a contingent of Garou Theurges into his city
to seal the caem permanently

Assuming success, the Garou characters will have earned

great renown, while the Kindred will have made valuable

contactsamong the undead andamong the lupines. Ofcourse,

the social stigma of working with the "enemy" still remains. As
for the individual characters, they should have good reason to
trust each other and perhaps work together in the future for
everyone's greater good.

One dangerous option for the Storyteller is to let the Vulnus
win. Regardless of whether the players escape, the Expo Site
will be a full blown Wyrmhole. Vancouver will never be the
same, for the ante has been upped. There's no way the Council
will allow a Wyrmbhole to exist so close to the Great Caern.
This means war. Garou during war are not likely to distinguish
between Wyrm-tainted vampires and Wyrm Banes. This
option will mean a drastic revision in the balance of power
How does the Methuselah feel about this turn of events? How
will it try to get hold of the situation from torpor? Perhaps it
will awaken...

116 Dark Alliance: Vancouver


This section provides several "story seeds" related to the
Vancouver area. There are seeds for both the Werewolf and
Vampire settings, as well as cross-over adventures. Several of
these ideas are ways in which Storytellers can entice their
characters to visit the city on the bay and explore its unique

characteristics.

The Undead Rise
Dancouver The Reluge

Vancouver is 2
Kindre
end up in the coastal city at some time. If the characters are on

well-known "safe house" and retreat for the
J, Everyone from overthrown princes to ancient elders

the run from anything then a logical place to run to is
Vancouver. On the other hand, maybe the characters are
simply tired of being used as pawns in the political infighting
of the powerful, and just want to get away from itall for awhile.
Again, Vancouver is the place to go.

A variation of the refuge theme arises when an adversary of
the characters has gone to ground in Vancouver and the
neonates are off to hunt him down. (Not knowing about the
restrictive laws of Vancouver before they arrive can make the
ay particularly interesting.) Once in Vancouver,
their prey could have gone elsewhere, or the characters could
find him easily enough only to discover that the Prince's Laws
prevent them from doing anything to him.

Dancouver, The Mystery

Most princes around the world, and the Camarilla itself, are
interested in the happenings of the city nicknamed Hollywood
North. The characters could be sent as spies or emissaries of
either their prince or the Camarilla to find out the secret of
city and how to replicate it elsewhere. In addition
to this, the characters may be sent to pave the way fora hostile
takeover by their patron (or they could be sent to inform
Siegfried that somebody else is planning something along
those lines). The characters might have heard of the Great

characters'

Siegfried's

Library as well and might wish to find out if such a collection
of ancient tomes actually exists.

Out Of The Forest
The Caern By The Sea

Vancouver is home to a powerful caern. But what if the
Vancouver Garou learned that there might be another great
caern, either within Vancouver itself or somewhere in the
interior of the province? Perhaps thisisone of the"lostcaerns",

Seeds to be Sown

Chapter Five: Wheels within Wheels

created millennia ago by one of the extinct septs of the Pacific
Northwest, with powers and associated spirits found nowhere
else in the world.

Ofcourse, rumors ofa new caern would attract the attention
of more than the Garou. Minions of the Wyrm would purely
love todefilesuchasource of power, turning it intoa Wyrmhole
before the Garou could protect and preserve it. The characters
might be in a race against time and the Wyrm to find the new
caer and protect it until elder Garou capable of binding its
power properly can reach the scene.

What ifthe new caer is inside the city? The Kindred might
not be overjoyed to learn of another reason for the "foul
lupines" to come traipsing into their city. The characters
might have to negotiate with hostile Kindred to gain permis-
sion for their elders to visit and investigate the site.

Against the Mill

British Columbia's main industry is timber. With the
Wyrm behind the logging companies, how long will the
wilderness survive? If the characters aren't from B.C., then
they might be sent to Vancouver to help the local Garou save
the ancient wilderness from the predation of the "resource
rapers". This type of story could unite several different tribes
for a time as they fight off the Wyrm. What happens to this
alliance of Garou tribes after the threat starts to subside? The
characters might find themselves as diplomats trying to unite
the tribes, or as war chiefs embroiled in intertribal war.

Quest for Knowledge

British Columbia used to be home to many septs and other
groups of Garou, now extinct. A quest for the truth behind
legends of artifacts and "lost septs" could lead the characters
throughout the province and into the virgin rain forests, places
where humans have never set foot. In addition to this, old
burial sites and caves housing elders used to cover the area now
known as Vancouver. If the players could uncover some of
these places, there could be powerful fetishes to be found. This
is the task to which the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers
claim to have dedicated themselves.

On the Crail of the Wyrm

, perhaps it
will be more interesting if you can keep the group together.
Now that the vampires realize that there is another force out
there (the Wyrm), they might decide to help the werewolf
players combat it. You could also get both groups to go to
another city, such as Seattle, either to stop the spread of the
Wyrmorforsome other reason. Whatever you decide, it might
be interesting to keep the two types of characters together.

If you used both vampire and werewolf play

117


Dark Alliance: Vancouver


"Go not to the East.

for there lies your death."

The Book of Nod, Chronicle of Shadows

The Western vampires do not fully understand Kindred
from Japan. The Gaki are one example of vampires from this
country (see World of Darkness),
believe they are the descendants of the Kami who created

They are creatures who

Japan. Several other groups of vampires have similar myths
about their own origins, including the Bushi. Not only do the
Bushi and the C
also different in their powers and weaknesses. Itis possible that

but they are

i differ in philosophical ways

both groups are right about their origins and that they are
different "species" of vampires. No one in the West knows for
sure, and even in Japan itself, the argument still rages.

This is the version of the story told by the Bushi. Long ago,
the Japanese Islands were created by the gods Izanagi and
Izanami. Their daughter was Amaterasu o Mikami, the sun
goddess and divine ancestor of the imperial family, who
became the leader of the gods. Amaterasu's brother Susanoo
no Mikoto was the bad-tempered and violent god of storms.
When he defiled his sister's palace in heaven, Amaterasu
became angry and locked herself in a cave, plunging the
universe into darkness. The Sun Goddess was finally lured out
by the other gods. Susanoo was banished to Earth and his
children were cursed to live in darkness. They feel pain when
touched by the light of the sun, and invite death when fully
bathed in the light of Amaterasu o Mikami.

As the children of Susanoo, the vampires of Japan live in
darkness, unwilling to venture far from their home. Instead,
they concentrate on their triumphs and defeats in the islands
of the gods. Most of the
ancient code of Bushido and have developed a social structure

mpires from Japan live by the

very different from the vampires of Europe and the Americas.

Great sprawling cities are overflowing with vitae , and the
descendants of Susanoo feed well. In order to preserve this
feeding ground, the elders of the ruling castes have started to
send their minions abroad, breaking their centuries-old seclu-
sion. In North America, Europe and elsewhere, the Japanese
vampires have invested time and money in acquiring the
power they need to protect their domain from the more

The

members of the Bushi Clan travel to protect their masters'

familiar Cainites, as well as expanding their powe

holdings and scout the world outside the islands formed by the
gods.

The vampires of Japan are very different from those of
Europe. One of the main differences is their belief that they are
descendants of the god Susanoo no Mikoto and not Caine. As
far as the Western vampires can tell from their limited inter-
action with the Eastern vampires, there may be some basis in
fact that the ones who call themselves the Children of Susanoo
are an altogether different "race" from the childer of Caine.

The Bushi

119


These vampires are organized into a bloodline system much
like the Western clans. Each bloodline has its own teachings
and disciplines, many of which can be compared to the
disciplines of the Western vampires. Some teachings, like Kai,
are based on basic philosophies and ideas about life, while
others are based on the binding of spirits, control of the
elements, and the forces of the anti-elements.

They have been fighting a long war against both gaijin
Garouand the Hengeyokai, theracesof Japanese shapechangers.
Among their enemies are the Kitsune (werefoxes) and the
Neko (cat creatures). Although there are very few lupines
native to Japan, many have been traveling there en masse in
their war against the Wyrm. The small industrialized island
country is seen as a major center of Wyrm activity. This
ongoing war against the foreign Garou is the main reason that
the Japanese vampires are so interested in Vancouver. If one
city of vampires can make peace with the lupines, maybe the
Japanese can come to a similar arrangement. Unfortunately,
the children of Susanoo don't realize how futile any attempt to
make peace with the Garou will probably be.

Clan Bushi

The Bushi are classical Japanese warriors. Members of this
clan are the warrior elite. They fight to the Final Death to
preserve their honor and that of their masters, neither asking
nor offering surrender. To be a Bushi is to be one of the samurai
of legend, existing by the code of Bushido. A follower of

120

Dark Alliance: Vancouver

Bushido must fight well, serving the master with honor. She
must be proud and not besmirch her name and lineage.

The Bushi concentrate on honing their combat skills to the
utmost degree, but notall of these skills are combat-related. A
bushi must also be a diplomat, acting for her master in her
absence. She must be a poet and a historian, in addition to
many other roles. This is the ideal of the Bushi clan, who seek
out those who lived with honor so that they may serve in
undeath with that same honor.

Appearance

The members of this clan usually wear conservative suits
with long overcoats to conceal weapons. A Bushi will always
look well-kept. Men within the clan usually have short, well-
trimmed hair.

Haven

A Bushi's haven would be wherever his master decides it
should be. This is typically hidden within the corporate
skyscrapers of the city or near other holdings of the master. A
Bushi who has attained enough rank to become the personal
guard of his master will sleep in adjoining rooms of the vampire
which he serves.

Be ackground

Since the Bushi Embrace only those who they deem to have
lived with honor, the character could come from many differ-

entavenues in life. With overseas expansion, a few westerners

have been taken into the clan.

Character Creation

The primary focus of Bushi is on perfecting one's self as a
warrior, but some social skills, especially etiquette should be
taken. History and an art form, such as painting or poetry, are
also recommended. The generation of the Bushi vampire is
alsoa factor of her rank, or status, among others of her kind. In
general, the higher the generation, the higher the rank of the
vampire.
should keep this in mind and, unless she wants a high-ranking

When making a Bushi character, the Storyteller

Bushi player, should not allow the player to buy the Genera-
tion background

Clan Disciplines

Celerity, Presence, Kai

Weaknesses

The abilities of the Bushi are based around mysticism and
bound by honor. There isa strong mystical bond between the
Bushi and his master in addition to his very way of unlife. Ifa
Bushi breaks his freely given word or acts dishonorably, he will
find that his inner force has become tainted and he will be
without the use ofhisdisciplines. The only way for the vampire
to regain a pure spirit is to somehow cleanse himself of the


dishonor and start anew. For samurai in the past ritual suicide
was sometimes the answer if the individual was dishonored.
(The Gaki believe this as well.)

With death, the samurai would reenter the Karmic wheel
and start from the beginning. The Bushi believe that the
vampire is the height of the wheel and once vampirism is
attained, one is outside the life cycle. Final Death removes one

from the cycle, so if one dies without honor, all one's previous

lives were wasted as the spirit dies. If, on the other hand, a
Bushi goes down into the Final Death with honor, he takes his
place with Susanoo himself.

The possibility of a Bushi losing his power comes after
breaking his word more than once and continuously dishonor-
ing himself. Ifa Bushi does break a freely given word of honor,
then that Bushi does not only lose honor and face, but also
automatically loses a permanent point of Willpower. Succes-
sive and repeated violations may cause a derangement, not to
mention asevere reprimand from the lord. Thes
are bestowed to the Bushi character by the Storyteller and are

e punishments

areminder of the mystical ties that the character has with his
inner spiritand his beliefs. Derangements gained this way may
only be cured through a long spiritual cleansing process.

In addition to this, the curse of Amaterasu has left the Bushi
especially vulnerable to sunlight. When exposed to sunlight,
double the damage inflicted. This lends more credence to the
idea that the Gaki and the Bushi are of two different types of
vampires, since the Gaki are not very susceptible to sunlight.

Bushi Sodety

As stated above, the Bushi are servants of their masters,
sworn for eternity and used as bodyguards, warriors or even
diplomats. Taking this clan means that the character will be
highly restricted by the whims of her master, and the Story-
teller should roleplay this control. Occasionally, a Bushi will
be freed from this control by the destruction of her master.
Even then, her oath obliges her to track down and destroy her
master's killers. Only when all the guilty parties have been
slain is the Bushi ree to follow her own destiny. This devotion
to the master is not unlike a blood bond, and in fact the
drinking of blood from other vampires (especially those of
different rank) is quite common.

In the society of Japanese vampires, the idea of diablerie is
not one which is treated with horror or disdain, but one that
is frequently practiced. If a vampire is challenged to combat
(not just physically, but just as often mentally) the vampire
who loses may be drained of blood. (Western vampires
challenged by those from Japan may find themselves in a
contest of artistic skill, such as poetry, rather than a test of
combative skill.) Although the victor may drain the loser, this

may not always happen. Leaving the vanquished to live with

his failure sometimes serves the victor's purpose more.

The position a Bushi hasin vampire society is dependenton
actors like honor and

her rank. This rank comprises various
face, and functions much like the lupine rank system. (If you
are using a Bushi character, use the rank system provided in

Appendix: The Bushi 121


7

Werewolf fornow.) When a Bushiachievesahigher rank, she
must perform a task or feat to show she has earned that rank
This can be anything from a quest to a duel with a higher
ranking Bushi. Typically, if the feat involves a duel, the lower
ranking vampire must not slay the higher ranking Bushi, but
the higher ranking Bushi is under no such restriction. If the
Bushi completes her task, then several members of the higher
rank for which she has just qualified allow her to drink some of
This
drinking of blood, coupled with ancient rites, allows the Bushi

their blood, effectively raising her to their station.

to lear Disciplines of a higher rank than she previously

Organization

The Bushi are a closely knit clan and show each other

respect when they meet, even when they serve elders who are

enemies. Bushi will frequently announce their intentions,
followed by their name and master, when they meet. They
thrive on personal honor, and so will call each other out for
personal duels when conflicts arise. Bushi of the same master
will help each other out as long as their master or their
individual honor is not compromised.

Like most vampires from the Far East, the Bushi are part of
acastesystemand therefore believe, completelyand unshakably,
that it is their function to serve as it is their master's function
to lead. The only way for a vampire of a lower caste to gain

122 Dark Alliance:

status is to gain renown and face (similar to the werewolves'
way of gaining status).

Quote

"Honor above all is what dictates my actions. Do not judge me
upon anything else, for to do so would demean both of us."

;
New Discipline: Kai
Kai ig the dacipline'of inner power ei based upon the

mystical honor fostered among the Bushi. The Bushi focuses
her inner power and resolve into a weapon both martial and

coercive. The fifth level of this Discipline is the highest given
in this source book, but it is rumored that masters of this
Discipline can draw upon the life force of others around them
to destroy enemies hundreds of miles away. This Discipline
must be learned from another Bushi, so those wishing to learn
it will have to seek out a master.

¢ Inner Focus

Honoris foremost in the Bushi's mindand soul. It is this idea
of honor, this overwhelming drive to perform their duty, that
allows this power to work. Instead of using Willpower points to
resist the urge to frenzy, a Bushi may spend two blood points
and regain an inner calm for the scene, so that she may act with
honor and perform her master's will. In order for this to work,

the situation in which the Bushi will frenzy must be one that

would either endanger a task given by the Bushi's master or a

Vancouver


situation which would cause the character to loose honor if she
frenzied. This is just one of the powerful mystical abilities of the
Bushi which may seem like a Thaumaturgy path, but in fact is
the essence of the spirit.

Focused Strike

Those who are well-practiced in the martial arts are known

to be able to break wood and brick with their hands, feet and
heads. The Focused Strike is an extension of that ability. By
expending blood points, the character can focus her inner
power into a massive strike which, instead of wood and brick,
can break through walls of stone or iron and destroy the most
powerful of enemies. With this power, a Bushi may send an
enemy flying with the lightest of blows. (It is rumored that a
higher level of Kai allows the vampire to focus such power
through objects, such as swords or bullets.)

System: The amount of damage done bya blow is increased
by two dice per blood point expended (to a maximum of ten
dice). The inner force of a person, whether living or undead,
has mystical properties and thus any damage caused by this
attack will count as aggravated.

.

Honorable Elixir

The Bushi may turn her blood into a spiritual substance that
will cause others who drink it to walk the path of honor.
Anyone, either mortal or vampire (even those of a higher
generation than the blood donor) who drinks the blood must
treat the Bushi honorably, as if he were a Bushi as well. He will
suffer any Willpower loss or derangement that normally comes
with breaking one's vow. This effect only lasts for one scene,
unless the Honorable Elixir has been drunk on three different
occasions, in which case a Blood Bond develops and the honor

effect becomes permanent.

The Bushi often use this during business negotiations, even
on mortals ignorant of their vampiric nature. It is not hard
imple Japa-

convincing businessmen to honor the Bushi's "

nese custom from samurai times", in this case, the sharing of a
drop of blood (or a drop concealed in a cup of saki). This
ensures that the Bushi are never cheated in business dealings,
or if they are, the cheaters suffer for their dishonor.

System: A Willpower point must be spent to energize the
blood. Only those drinking the blood will be effected.

* Shield from Fire

Fire is the ally of the sun and thus the enemy of the children
of Susanoo. Once the vampire masters the ability to focus her
inner force, she is then taught to use this ability as a shield
against attacks. By expending blood points, the character can

create a red aura around herself which will ward off the power
of the flame.

System: For every blood point expended, one turn of
invulnerability from fire is gained.

© Daimyo's Law

This allows the Bushi to force another, whether mortal or
vampire, to pursue an obligation for the Bushi. This obligation
isspecific and usually involvesa task. The task could be to fetch
a stolen clan object, such as an old sword, to punish another
nto close a business

vampire for an injury to clan honor, or ev
deal for the clan. The Bushi must verbally deliver the obliga-
tion. The obligation lasts until it has been performed. If the
target ignores the obligation, he will lose a Willpower point at
the end of every week in which he has done nothing to
complete the task. It is the Storyteller's discretion as to what
constitutes furthering the task. (It is rumored that a higher
level of Kai allows the Daimyo's Law to be placed upon
multiple targets.)

System: The Bushi rolls Manipulation plus Leadership
against a difficulty of the target's Willpower. The target may
resist with a Willpower roll against an eight difficulty. If the
Bushi has even one success, the Daimyo's Law takes effect. If
the target is under the effect of the Honorable Elixirat the time,
he may roll only half his Willpower Dice Pool to resist.

Appendix: The Bushi 123


Dark Alliance: Vancouver



- ieee Jn The City, Jn The Woods... ee

.
* . The city of Vancouver is like no other— peace reigns between
Fs : vampire and werewolf. To the Kindred, the city is a "safe haven" from Cie
. the raging politics of the Damned. To the Garou, it is the site of the . . se
Ct Great Caern, a place of spiritual brotherhood. A generation °
has passed in peaceful silence... ,
5° ae 5 .
.
.

The Shadow Of Treachery ‘ap

... but that is about to end. The Vancouver
Compact is threatened, and war looms on the
horizon. An invisible enemy works to destroy all 7
that both societies have achieved. Something is
awakening, and it writhes within the city. Can
Garou and Kindred overcome their rivalries and
work together to prevent the city's destruction?
Dark Alliance: Vancouver is a Vampire/Werewolf 2
chronicle book detailing the people, places and
plots around Vancouver, a hotbed of Garou and
\\ Kindred unrest. It includes:
\\ @ Details on the movers and shakers of the region,
} the Garou and Kindred who can mend or break
: the Compact.
¢ The various plots and encounters in the
"Imprisoned City" which threaten to engulf the
player characters.
e A new bloodline of Oriental vampires:Clan Bushi.

WEREWOLF a
ISBN 1-56504-059-7

Che Apocalypse
WW 3103 $15.00

\
i

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD
STONE MTN., GA 30083
