# File: Dark Reflections - Spectres.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ARK REELECLQNS

Siectees



Watching echoes reflect off
Scraped, shaven walls
Seeing Death pits and Jesus
And no-one at all

Seeing no-one at all.
—The Mark of Cain, "Cold Grey Season"


Written by: Richard Watts and Ben Chessell

Development by: Richard Dansky

Editing by: Cynthia Summers

Vice President of Production: Richard Thomas

Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly & Aileen E. Miles

Art by: John Cobb, Guy Davis, Jason Felix, Vince Locke,
HJ. McKinney, E. Allen Smith, Joashua Gabriel Timbrook

Cover Design: Matt Milberger
Layout and typesetting by: Matt Milberger

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

©1995 by White Wolf. Alll rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Wraith: The
Oblivion, Black Dog Games, Sea of Shadows and Dark
Reflections: Spectres are trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

CAME STUDIO

Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis-
cretion is advised.PRINTED INCANADA

sci tats

Jennifer "The Font of Knowledge" Hartshorn, for answer-
ing all of the inane questions.

Tan "465?" Lemke, for the all-important bottle opener.
Ken "A Few Suggestions" Cliffe, for a few suggestions.

Cynthia "Pushing Up Crabgrass" Summers, for dealing with
all of the inevitable mistakes.

Apologies to Mike Danza for leaving his name out
of Hierarchy. We thank him for his beautiful full page
illustrations.

the initial offering
bp under the Black
individuals 18 or
older only.

The muatetial ont

ont peal a may find

its content or Spree Ha biectionable.

Dark Reflections: Spectres


RABK KECLEC LON

Spectees

Table of Content

Ghost Story: Haunted

introduction

Chapter I: Spectral Culture

Chapter 2: Spectres as Characters
Chapter 3: Spectres and the Storyteller
Chapter 4: Templates


Why

6D Z z


sit, and I watch, and I listen. Outside the
rain is falling like tears. In the world where
the children sit it is warm and bright. | sit
in the same room as they do. We are sepa-
rated by the distance between heartbeats.
lam so cold.

The wallpaper is blotched with damp.
Up near the ceiling it is peeling, hanging in lank strips to-
wards us, yearning to touch bright hair and warm skin. Arm-
chairs sag, stuffing oozing. Dust carpets the floor, thick and
unbroken. It long since ceased to concern me that I leave no
footprints behind me, that I drift intangible through this dead
and empty world. Beyond the Shroud which separates me from
the world of the Quick, the room is full of children. I know
this, even though I can barely see them. | hear them from
time to time, faint sighs and whispers, and I catch glimpses of
their insubstantial forms flickering at the edges of my vision.
I cannot see them clearly, save those in which the embers of
Oblivion smolder, waiting to flare into dark flame. Even they
are faint, blanketed by the Shroud.

For a moment a memory from the past torments me, a
time of color and cheer, when I was as they are, a child, a
traveler, backpacking my way around the world. As I did then,
Tam sure these children adults, young, yes,
but oh, so wise, so deathless, so infallible. A room of travel-
ers, scattered by supersonic winds. German, English, Austra-

themselves as

lian, American. They sit in this space, watching flickering
television images

aring joints, bottles, lives. They have trav-
eled far. I have traveled further than any of them, disdaining

now their slow and clumsy struggles. Now I travel faster than

a scream.

The past fades. I watch, strain my senses to listen to the
banter, to see the children's bright eyes and flickering hands
as they talk amongst themselves. I wonder how they will di
Her in the corner, the quiet one. Her death is plain. It is writ-
ten in the gaunt lines of her face, in her starved and fright-
ened eyes, lit darkly from within. Oblivion burns strong in
her. It will not be long before it claims her. Tonight she will
lock herself in the shared bathroom of this guest house before
going to bed, fingers repeatedly coaxing every last trace of
her Spartan meal up from her tortured entrails until the toilet's
enamel bowl is slick with vomit and blood. I can already see
the skeleton she will become in |
haired, handsome; I can
begin the journey across hi
murder, disease. Deathma

s than a year. Him, blond-

e the encrusting lesions waiting to
in. Guns
-mottled faces, lividity waiting for

ots, traffic accidents,

the post. A room full of laughing corpses that do not know
they are dead.

I stand unnoticed in the corner, unengaged in any con-
versation. It is almost time. Every year on this night | return
imed by the Void
I shall always do so. The faces are different tonight, as they

shelter, and until I am c!


always are, but they are also always the same. Travelers. Stu-
dents. Children. Seeing the world before they become fossil-
ized in their careers like flies in amber. How desperately they
struggle, how tenaciously they cling to empty lives. Unwit-
tingly they lie to themselves, claiming that what they do is
different, individual, purposeful, lasting. Each and every one
of them forces himself to believe that their life matters, that
their life is the one that will make the difference. I used to
think that too, before I died.

It had all become too much. The parties, the bands, the
brief affairs. It become more of an effort to keep up the cha-
rade than it was worth. | gradually came to realize that I was
not enjoying my life. More so, I came to see how shallow,
how empty and meaningless it all was. Like everyone else |
had deluded myself into thinking that my existence was or-
dered. I had believed in destiny. Then, that fate
night when the fogs hung pale over the stinking
the city seemed to waver like a dream before dawn, I saw the
hollowness of it all, the transparency of all the lies I had al-
ways accepted as true. Love was just a ploy I used in order to
stop feeling lonely. Life was a series of days, no more impor-
tant or valid or meaningful than those ever lived by anyone
else. Nothing I could control would ever be exceptional, or
important. Except, perhaps, my death.

tumn.

‘anals and

I committed suicide in one of the rooms upstairs, in this
very hostel, for it had been here that the final, fatal revela-
tion had appeared. I was 21. | cut my own throat with the
pocket-knife my father had given me before I left home. It
hurt. After | had finished, the white sheets on my narrow
rented bed were no longer clean.

1 awoke from my dreams of Heaven to discover myself
trapped in the Shadowlands. Somehow | managed to escape
slavers, Ferrymen, Hierarchs and Heretics all. | was lucky
enough to be left alone with my Shadow. My Shadow told
me | was weak. My Shadow told me I had never amounted to
anything. My Shadow told me many things. I listened. And
as I listened, I learned, and soon my Shadow and I were one.
The last thing my Shadow told me before his voice became
ours, was that I could still die. When Oblivion snuffed out
the last flickering life in the cosmos, I could finally know
peace. I vowed then to sacrifice all to end my pain, if | could.
Tam not being cruel, nor selfish, in this desire. If | could end
all pain, the pain of the world, of every being in existence,
then should I not be called a saint? But those to whom I whis-
per my plan look at me as if | were mad. It is they who are
insane, those wraiths clinging to lost dreams of the flesh. But
I forgive them, I even try to save them, even when they re-


sist. I am as forgiving as I am sharing. I work for Oblivion, for
the end of all life, all hope, all torment and fear. Life is a
burden. I would set us free.

But even saints must have their pleasures. This is mine.
It is more than a pleasure. It is a vocation. One boy leaves the
room, turning his back upon card games and conversation.
My straining eyes see him clothed in black; darker than his
rags is the aura that flickers and dances around him. Oblivion
is strong in this one. It calls to me, begging me to set it free.

He is tall, his shoulders broad, his movement supple and
casual. He is European, black-haired. Stubble darkens his
cheeks. I follow him as he departs, slipping past him as he
opens the door. If he notices me, it as a cold breeze, no more.

1 listen to the healthy beating of his heart as he jogs up
the stairs, counting the minutes until it stops. His thoughts
belie the passion of his body. His body wants to live; his mind
wants to die. I sift through the ashes of his bitter memories of
charred love letters and broken hearts, until | am left with the
coals, memories of fists and blood and broken teeth, sound of
torn cloth, thrusting and screams, of humiliation, hate, mock-
ery and bile. I have chosen well. There is happiness in this
boy, true, but the guilt and the fear and the despair are a sticky
sea in which his higher self is trapped and slowly drowning.

The boy opens the door of his single room and courte-
ously leaves it ajar. I wait, sitting so lightly on the foot of his
bed that no impression of my weight dents the moldy cover-
let. Down the hallway, I hear him splashing, pissing, brush-
ing teeth and spitting, intricate ablutions of mortality mark-
ing out the days and nights of human existence in a liquid
calendar. The toilet's growl as he flushes it is echoed by his
footsteps returning down the hall.

Into his room now he comes, locking and bolting the rot-
ting door behind him. As I have watched others over the years,
I watch this one, dispassionately. He strips off threadbare clothes
to reveal flesh without shyness, imagining he is alone. Muscles
flex as he plants his feet firmly on the floor, arms raised, pull-
inga tight T-shirt over his head. He has more hair than I would
have imagined. Dark curls insulate his skin. As he unzips his
jeans, I exhale. His nipples harden in the suddenly cold air. As
he shivers, I lie back on the bed. When he climbs naked be-
neath the sheets after turning off the light, | am beside him.

Moonlight streams through the broken window fringed
by ragged curtains pale with dust. The man tosses and turns
in his narrow bed. His mind wanders. He cannot sleep. Re-

membering the heavy bodies and the bored stares of the
women of this city behind their windows, he grows aroused.
He begins to pleasure himself, fingers engaged in an erotic
tour of his body they have taken many times but never tire
of. I lower myself into the red heat of his mind, watching as
he shapes a phantom partner from past lus
himself as being irresistible, his fantasy lover desire incarnate.

He imagines

As his ministrations grow faster, as blood flushes through

his cheeks and his heart races, as he reache:

s the verge of cli-
max and is thus most vulnerable, I strike, reshaping his
dreamed partner, replacing her with myself. The handsome
face of his erotic fantasy suddenly flows, liquid flesh slough-
ing off beneath his urgent touch. His fantasy thus invaded
and disturbed, the boy opens his eyes. It is now, as his toes
curl and muscles tighten in the throes of orgasm and revul-
sion, that I force myself across the Shroud. Pushing against
straining reality to register an impression of my face that he
can feel with lips gone suddenly dry, I kiss him.

He sees me, my deathly skin, the jagged flaps of tissue,
skin and larynx gaping at my throat, my eyes, leaden, de-
spairing, empty, looking deep into his; feels my skull where

my lips have rotted away, tastes my tongue, beaded with bit-

ter liquid, probing the warm cavity of his mouth. He tries to
wake, but he is not dreaming. This is not his fantasy. It is
mine. I clutch at him with bony fingers, pull his body to mine
as he comes. I smile broadly as he tries to scream, but he can-
not vocalize his fear around my invading tongue. Blood flows
in clots like crimson pearls from my throat, spatters against
the sheets where his fingers scrabble in terror, where his body
bucks and jerks and sprays and tries to tear free from my grasp.

Even as he goes mad, his mind snapping under the strain
Ihave forced upon him, | offer him the knife the s much
part of me as my lolling head or emaciated arms. The st
and rusted blade promises an end to his torment. It does not
take long for the boy to saw through his throat, although per-
haps it takes longer than he had anticipated. The wound is
not neat. It has been many years since my blade was sharp-
ened. He gurgles once, then his soul is consumed by Oblivion.
I sit with his slowly cooling body, waiting for dawn and dis-
covery. The look on the face of the woman who unlocks the
[have

ined

door, come to change the sheets, is always pricel
only seen the expression seven times since I died. | doubt [
will ever tire of it.

Ghost Story: Haunted


\tm@ wg "
 eUay @OrxI 7 ss,

wa _ =

We belong dead!

roduction

—The Creature (Boris Karloff), "The Bride of Frankenstein"

pectres are the servants of Oblivion. From
nihils they creep out of the Tempest and
lurk in the darkest recesses of Necropoli,
launching attacks on Hierarchy, Heretics
and Renegades without distinction. They
serve Oblivion directly by carrying out the
commands of their unspeakable Malfean

masters, and indirectly by destroying souls. As the bastions of

faith and knowledge are weakened, Oblivion grows ever stron-
ger. Soon the last great Maelstrom will spill out across the
Underworld, and the history of the Shadowlands and the Dark
Kingdoms will end. Until that time, spectres will harry the

king advantage of the squabbles and disunity which
in wraith society and leading wraiths away from Tran-
scendence towards Oblivion.

Although some spectres see themselves as servants of
Oblivion, others see themselves as entirely self-serving. Spec-
tres are creatures of unbridled emotion, of dark rage and com-

plex melancholy. They are cold, cruel, twisted and malefic.
They exist to inflict their own pain upon others, as well as to
end their pain through the extinction of all reality. Their bru-
tal and deranged existences are as wild as they are short.
Corrupted as they are, spectres have further to fall. Many
spectres leap willingly into the Void, embracing their ulti-
mate doom with an irrational glee. Insanity is never very far
away from a spectre's eyes, at least from the point of view of a
wraith. In a spectre's own mind, his gaze shines with the light
of Oblivion, for spectres are prophets and purveyors of en-
tropy, destruction and doom. Their goal is to destroy the world,
all the worlds, those of the spirit and those of the flesh. Only
their brief lifespans have prevented them from reaching their
goal, for the advance of Oblivion has proved slow. Today spec-
tres are closer than they have ever been to realizing their
dream, and the universe is that much closer to destruction.

tion of the dark world of spectres. Al-
though the world of Wraith is a bleak one,
it is not without light. The Shadowlands
of spectres are infinitely more grim. This
book primarily provides players with in-
formation on creating and playing spec-
tre characters. The ranks of Doppelgangers, Nephwra
Mortwights and Striplings are opened up and explored for
your education and enjoyment, with a look at the Malfeans,
their immortal and inhuman leaders. We «

ks,

Iso examine the
spectres' world, with its unsettling complexities and quirks.

There is information concerning the Tempest, the Laby-
rinth which lies beneath it, and details of Oblivion, which
all spectres serve. Additionally, Dark Reflections: Spectres
provides Storytellers with detailed information for chronicles
in which players take on the role of spectres, and the unique
stories that such chronicles might tell. Alternatively, the
details provided in this book will be useful for the Storyteller
who prefers to keep spectres as opponents in her campaign.

Dark Reflections: Spectres

Chapter One: Spectral Culture

An overview of spectres and their society. This chapter
includes information about spectre
practices, as well as outlining the major differences between

ranged as follows:

and their beliefs and

spectres and wraiths. A summary of beliefs about spectres as

held by wraiths and other supernaturals rounds off this chapter.

Chapter Two: Spectres as Characters

This chapter contains guidelines detailing the creation of
spectre characters, including Dark Passions and Dark Arcanoi.

Chapter Three: Spectres and the Storyteller

Information for the Storyteller about incorporating spec-
tres as player characters in your chronicle is given in this chap-

ter, which also provides material for the more traditional por-
trayal of spectres as a chronicle's villains. In addition, this
chapter contains supplementary ru
chronicle and details the creation of every spectre's nemesis,
its Psyche.

Chapter Four: Templates

Spectres outlined, perfect for off-the-cuff villains when
the Storyteller is rushed, or to inspire players who are stuck
for ideas concerning spectre characters.

pertinent to a spectre


eing: The emotional essence and will-
power of a spectre.
Composure: The force that powers the
Psyche.
| Devoured: Swallowed by Oblivion.
¥) Devouring, The: The moment when a
Shadow becomes dominant and Devours

the Psyche, producing a spectre.

Fronds: The unique abilities possessed by the spectre's
Psyche, akin to Thorns.

Labyrinth, The: Twining maze-like beneath the Tem-
pest and the Shadowlands are the tunnels, caverns and gal-
leries of the Labyrinth, wherein spectres make their homes.

Primordial: A common spectre term for one of the pri-
mal, nonhuman Malfeans.

Psyche: All that remains of a spectre's higher self and
sions after being Devoured.

Rapa ness: When a spectre is overwhelmed by a Dark
Passion and seeks to devour whatever has enflamed that as-
pect of their personality.

Redemption: That rare moment when a spectre's Psyche
is completely victorious, when spectre and Psyche are recom-
bined. May be akin to Transcendence.

Sinkholes: The point of a nihil between the Shadowlands
and the Labyrinth where it passes through the Tempest.

nobler pa



Spe

- Chapter One:
ral Culture

Ask me why I write so many poems about the dead

And I tell you it is because there are so many of them.
—Stephen J. Williams, "Flowers for the Dead"

Ithough wraiths shun spectres and disdain
lore concerning them, it is generally
known that the ranks of spectres that
regularly burst forth from the Tempest to
A\ harry the Shadowlands consist of several
different types of allied creatures. Spec-
tres are more than faceless, mindless
thralls of Oblivion. They can be intelligent, inhuman or in-
sane, and are often all at once. Spectres may set out upon a
plan of action bewildering to wraiths, but one which con-
forms to their own dark dreams. Even spectres sometimes have
hopes and goals, despite having been Devoured by Oblivion.

Outsiders Opinions Conceming Spectres

Hierarchy

Te is lucky for us that spectres exist. If there were not a foe
against which we could have united Stygia, we would have had to
invent one. All empires need external threats to provide cohesion,
otherwise enemies rise up from within. As long as there exist spec-
tres to battle, Stygia will remain strong.

—The Smiling Lord, General of the Grim Legion, vic-
tims of violence

Renegades

The shackles spectres would place on us are those of madness
and despair, which are even stronger than Stygian steel. Were ever
the spectres to triumph, I fear even the Skinlands would fall before
them.

— Myrmidia, agent of the Shattered Chain

Heretics

Spectres are the Shadow of Stygia's empire. They have grown
stronger since Charon closed the Temples of the Shining Ones and
banned all religions from the Isle of Sorrow. Only by letting light
into Stygia can spectres ever be vanquished.

— Pastor Veritas, First Church of Harmonic Accord

Vampires

Many spirits would appear to be dominated by their bestial
nature, just as some Kindred are. These wraiths are often of tor-
tured appearance, and what powers they have are primal, reflect
ing their turbulent natures. Even so, if proper care is taken, the
aspiring necromancer should be no more concerned if the spirit she
converses with is Restless or wild. All are helpless before our art.

— Ramona Giovanni, of Clan Giovanni

Chapter One: Spectral Culture

15

Dark Reflections: Spectres

Werewolves

The Wyrm has agents among the dead, just as among the
living. It has long been our task to cull such spirits, just as our wolf
cousins cull the sick beasts from a herd.

— Long-Time-Running, Silent Strider

Mages

We bring the Good Death to those who are ready to die, even
if they do not yet know it. Sadly, some spirits die before their time.
Those wraiths called spectres are such spirits, mortals who have
died badly. Thus are they tormented and angry after death. Bring
them solace, my brothers. Bring them peace.

—Mortimer, Euthanatos Mage

Characteristics

Il spectres possess certain abilities and
weaknesses in common, although the
strength of these abilities may vary among
individual spectres.

Brief Lives

Oblivion is a greedy master. A spectre's Corpus deterio-
rates rapidly in Oblivion's service, and spectres are constantly
wracked by pain because of this, until their ultimate collapse
into the Void ends their misery along with their existence.
Few spectres last more than a dozen years in the Labyrinth
before their Corpus disintegrates completely.

Deathsense

The black light of Oblivion is the beacon which lights a
spectre's world. Spectres radiate Oblivion; the flickering ra-
diance can also be seen by them in other creatures. The stron-
ger a wraith's Shadow, the more Oblivion light he radiates in
a spectre's eyes. Humans close to death, and those in whom
Dark Passions are strong, radiate Oblivion's black light too.
Vampires burn strongly with Oblivion, and so are distinctly
visible to spectres. Such beacons are often all a spectre can
see of the world beyond the Shroud, and are the lanterns by
which they hunt.

Deathsight

Like wraiths, spectres perceive the world as tainted by
decay. Because Oblivion is greater in spectres than in wraiths,
the world they see is even more decayed than that through
which wraiths move. The world of the spectre is dim and
dreary, an apocalyptic landscape ravaged by Oblivion. Colors

9 PS


are faded, sounds muffled, windows are cracked, and paint
blistered and peeling. It is always overcast, dark and raining.
Buildings appear scorched by fire or partially collapsed, slick
puddles glisten unhealthily in the dim light of flooded cellars
and gaping cesspits, while wraiths and other spectres appear
skeletal, diseased or decayed.

Dimnmed Senses

Spectres lack the heightened senses of wraiths. Were they
as hypersensitive, they would be deafened and blinded by the
tumult of the Tempest through which they routinely travel
(Indeed, powerful spectres dwell in the Tempest permanently,
having gained the ability to manipulate its substance, pro-
viding them with everything they need). Spectres' senses are
weaker than those of wraiths, making them slightly less per-
ceptive than the average human (increase difficulty on all
Perception-based rolls by 1). Sounds are muffled, touch is
numbed, and eyesight is dimmed. Outside of the sensory over-
load of the Tempest, this is strictly a handicap.

Distance

Spectres' distancing from life has some negative conse-
quences. The Shroud is always harder for them to penetrate
than it is for wraiths (difficulty is 1 higher than normal).
Events in the Skinlands are even harder for a spectre to per-
ceive. To most spectres, the Shadowlands are empty of mor-
tals; they move through a wasteland populated by wraiths,
with only faint shadows of the mortal world visible. Only with
the greatest difficulty (difficulty on all rolls relating to Men-
tal Traits is increased by 2) can spectres perceive and influ-
ence the Skinlands and its inhabitants.

tive Mind

Spectres share a mass-mind, although not all are able to
access it actively. Serving Oblivion's wishes before their own,
much as ants might serve their queen, they are often linked
telepathically to all other spectres. In this way they can com-
municate in the turbulent Tempest and access information
they have not learned themselves, but which is stored in the
great shared consciousness. This is easiest in the Tempest,
which is saturated with the memories and experiences of ev-
ery being ever to have succumbed to Oblivion.

Rapacity

Spectres are souls pared down to raw emotion by the
winds of the Tempest. Whenever they encounter a strong
Passion akin to their Being which is equal to or greater than
their Being Trait, a spectre becomes Rapacious. A Rapacious
spectre must make a Being roll or Emote, attacking the Will-
power of whatever creature sparked off the episode.

Just as wraiths are tortured by their Shadow, so too are
spectres tormented by a Psyche. The Psyche is all that remains
of a spectre's higher self, and its ultimate goal is to guide the
spectre away from Oblivion toward Redemption. The Psyche
is weaker than the Shadow, for spectres are much closer to
Oblivion than wraiths are to Transcendence. Every spectre
hears the voice of its Psyche, although many resist the Psyche's
urgings.

A History of Spectres

No time for heartache

No time to run and hide
No time for breaking down
No time to cry.
—Sisters of Mercy, "No Time to Cry"
he first spectres were dragged screaming
out of the Utter Darkness at the moment
of the Sundering, born from the pain of
Life's separation from Death. These spec-
}) tres were the first Malfeans, Oblivion
made incarnate. Birthed in agony, born
aching and hating, they desired only an
end to their pain even at the cost of all existence. Their tun-
neling beneath the Shadowlands has produced the Labyrinth,
their home and hunting grounds, through which shriek end-
less soul-storms. A cacophony of howling winds and scream-
ing souls roars and wails through the Labyrinth even today.
Just as Charon declared sovereignty over the masses of
the dead who congregated on the shores of the Sunless Sea in
the Shadowlands above, so too the Malfeans found their sub-
jects ready and waiting for them below the Tempest. These
dead souls Devoured by Oblivion were forged into armies by
the Primals, who led them out into battle against the Ferrymen
in order to capture their cargoes of souls. Captured souls, and
sometimes even Ferrymen, were carried to the Void and sacri-
ficed to Oblivion, making It ever stronger.

Charon countered the attacks, going alone down the
Veinous Stair, deep into the Labyrinth. It is claimed by some
spectres that during this time Charon swore a secret alliance
with the Malfeans, who showed him the Void and foretold
that his fate was to be devoured by it unless he joined forces
with them. These same spectres claim that when Charon was
lost in the battle with Gorool millennia later, he had in fact
betrayed Stygia, and that he is even now sequestered in some
distant stretch of the Labyrinth, preparing to lead the spec-
tral armies in one final assault. Other spectres claim the Grand
Artificer Nhudri, who walked with Charon when he eventu-


ally emerged from his first visit to the Labyrinth, was freed on
the condition that Charon swore to eventually return to the
Labyrinth to take his place.

Whether or not such claims are truth, what is true is that
Charon's realm, designed to stave off Oblivion, only encour-
aged it. His authoritarian rule encouraged rebellion and dis-
respect, which strengthened the Shadows of Stygia's citizens.
When his agents followed Rome, aiding its legions and en-
couraging the deaths of masses of mortals in battle, many such
souls were swallowed by Oblivion. When mortals died en
masse, the Tempest was sometimes ripped open by their pas-
sage, and it was through such tears that the Maelstroms es-
caped. Each Maelstrom was caused by the deaths of thou-
sands, but also claimed thousands more souls for Oblivion.

The Third Great Maelstrom saw the darkness which sur-
rounded Stygia become the Tempest as it is known today. This
was a great triumph for spectres, and was partially due to the
strategies and battle-plans of the Nephwrack Coldheart, once
Cleitus the Black, a Macedonian general whom Alexander
the Great betrayed. Coldheart had stolen many powerful Ar-
tifacts from the Renegades, who had in turn stolen them from
Stygia. With these, and other, darker Artifacts forged from
the walls of the Labyrinth, spectres managed to infect the
darkness, causing it to rise up against Charon's legions while
at the same time inflaming the lesser darkness within each
wraith, the Shadow. The darkness was forever turbulent after
the battle, infused with the Passions and memories of all the
souls that succumbed to Oblivion during the fighting.

Spectres next triumphed during the Great War of the
Skinlands, when the tactics of Stygia of encouraging death
among mortals in order to harvest the flood of released souls
were turned against them. The carnage in the trenches, at
Ypres and Gallipoli, on land and at sea, unleashed the Fourth
Maelstrom. Riding the shrieking winds came an army of spec-
tres who were carried by the Maelstrom throughout the
Shadowlands and the Dark Kingdoms. Many lesser Necropoli
fell; many more were infiltrated by spectres in unprecedented
numbers. Nor were the Skinlands safe from spectres, who
guided more souls towards despair and disbelief over the com-
ing years. Oblivion grew ever stronger, and the Shadowlands
became more and more decayed, reflecting the spreading cor-
ruption.

When humans developed nuclear capability, the discov-
ery advanced Oblivion's cause more than any other single
scientific discovery. Shock waves from the atomic bombs trig-
gered over Hiroshima and Nagasaki tore open the Tempest
toan unprecedented degree. Ferrymen who witnessed the sight
testify that the twinkling lights of the nihils overhead sud-
denly glared blindingly before the sky was torn open, and all
sense and substance were gone. The Labyrinth's depths were
exposed, and the Void spat out the most fearsome Maelstrom
of all. In the silence after the winds died down, the oldest

Dark Reflections: Spectres

Malfean of all, Gorool, woke from an eternity of sleep, burst-
ing up out of the Tempest to do battle with Charon. The
result of that battle is already well-known. Stygia has been
weakened by the loss of its Emperor; its Deathlords bicker
among themselves, and the Isle of Sorrows stands ripe and
ready to fall.

Today, spectres populate the Tempest more thoroughly
than they ever have. Many of them are a new breed called
Mortwights, whose ever-increasing numbers place consider-
able strain upon spectral culture. Nihils open in every
Necropolis, and in the dark tunnels of the Labyrinth
Doppelgangers, Shades and other horrors stir. Soon, it is fore-
told, in words carved deep into the Labyrinth's walls in a
chamber overlooking the Void, the last Great Maelstrom will
arise, and Oblivion shall claim all. Spectres work feverishly
towards that great day, undermining existence in Stygia and
its enclaves to ensure they fall before Oblivion all the sooner.

Spectral Society

Our dried voices, when

We whisper together

Are quiet and meaningless

As wind in dry grass

Or rats' feet over broken glass

In our dry cellar.

— T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"

rivaling that of the Hierarchy. Unlike
their wraith foes, spectral society is not
based on slavery or domination, although
fear still plays a major part in their order.
Spectres have a social order based on
caste. Strict segregation limits interaction between castes, and
the Labyrinth constantly echoes with reverential greetings
between Nephwracks and Mortwights, Striplings and Shades.

In this orchestrated society, spectres obey a system not
upheld by violence and coercion, but by intensity of emo-
tion. The stronger the Dark Passions a spectre has, the more
respected it is among members of its own caste. Of course, no
matter how Passionate a Doppelganger is, in the strict caste
system, it would still be considered inferior to a Shade or a
Nephwrack. Shades, although largely unintelligent, are bowed
to by Nephwracks and Doppelgangers alike, for their physi-
cal might and insane demeanor make their reactions impos-
sible to predict. Shades burn with violent passions; their hates
and lusts dominate them utterly. Being such creatures of pas-
sion, they are correspondingly closer to Oblivion, and thus
are to be looked up to (and feared).

ale,

eee 7 ;


NODS

Spectral society is strained at present, as a new kind of
spectre has begun to appear with increasing regularity. These
newcomers died such violent or traumatic deaths that they
become spectres immediately upon dying. As these beings,
called Mortwights, are a recent arrival on the spectral scene,
the other castes have not yet decided where such creatures fit
in their social order. These casteless spectres are currently con-
sidered inferior to Doppelgangers, but their sheer mass of num-
bers may soon force the issue. They have already proved them-
selves fierce fighters and s

illed tacticians during assaults and
infiltrations of Stygia. It will not be long before some leader
steps out from among their ranks and demands recognition
for their kind. Even the Malfeans, the priest-kings of Oblivion,
seem puzzled by the appearance of these new spectres, and
there is a sense that the Mortwight presence has upset many
carefully laid Malfean plans.

What Spectres Do

The death-light of Oblivion is the light by which spec-
tres hunt their prey: human souls. As agents of Oblivion,
spectres harvest the souls of tho
Passions are strong. Although spectres may not even be able
to see the mortals upon whom they prey, the black glow of
Oblivion is often enough to tell them that mortals are present

¢ mortals in whom Dark

beyond the Shroud. As
learn certain skil

ectres grow more powerful, they

which aid them in harvesting Oblivion-
tainted mortal spirits. They believe this frees the Oblivion
that individual souls contain, strengthening their Master and
bringing the world ever closer to its end.

Soul-hunting is not always an active process. Although

some spectres seek to bring a swift and violent death to their

prey, others make the hunt a drawn-out and terrifying proce:

feeding on repeated bursts of fear and anguish their target
lease before discorporating them. Such assaults by spectres are
often the bas

re-

s for stories of hungry and vengeful ghosts, wherein
the victims eventually die of fright. Other, more patient spec-
tres adopt strategies which encourage the souls to come to them.

Spectres practice varied tactics, which range from the
cunning to the brutal. Some haunt the scene of their death,
dispatching a progression of mortals in an identical way. Oth-
ers simply wander the Shadowlands, attacking whomever they
come across. Spectres have been known to materiali
forcing the driver to swerve off the road or into an on-
coming vehicle. They might drive a mortal to the brink of
despair and suicide, or whisper into the ears of the already
unstable until that mortal snaps, embarking on a killing spree.

ina

Wraiths are also subject to attack by spectres. Packs of spec-

tres frequently attack wraiths who dare the byways of the Tem-
pest. Other spectres seek to subvert the Shadowlands' Necropoli,

2

Chapter One: Spectral Culture 19

"i

Weg


and worming their way into the Hierarchy to
the point where they can do the most damage. Renegades

posing as wraiths

and

Heretics are also infiltrated by spectres in a similar manner.

All spectres know they have a limited existence, and many
celebrate the fact. Some spectres seek to end their existence as
swiftly as possible, and throw themselves suicidally against
Stygia's Legions. They exist on the edge, hard and fast and with-
out fear. Other spectres are content to wait for Oblivion to claim
them in Its own time, and are more methodical in their ways.
All are evil, implacable, relentless and menacing. No other su-
pernatural culture can rival spectres for their sheer malice; all

are entropy incarnate, and are as malevolent as they come.

Oblivion

Shape without form, shade without colour,

Paralysed force, gesture without motion.

— TS. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"

pectres perceive Oblivion as a force to be
encouraged, not feared. Only through the
triumph of Oblivion can the entire world
| be destroyed and spectres gain the peace
they crave. Spectres actively seek to pro-
mote Oblivion in order that all may be an-
nihilated. Whether rebirth will follow this

Dark Reflections: Spectres

destruction, or whether all will be a peaceful emptiness, few spec-
tres know or care. All that matters is that their torment will be
at an end.

Faith, knowledge and identity stave off Oblivion, or so
the Hierarchy claims. Spectres know this to be true, and so
seek to destroy faith, erase knowledge and submerge individual
identity in order to bring Oblivion ever closer. By encourag-
ing the spread of cynicism, hopeles k of faith in
gods and governments, spectres advance Oblivion's cause. The

ness and

banner of despair is flown by spectres, even though many sus-
tain a hope of their own, that of peace through annihilation.

Oblivion is both a god and a way of life for spectres. Some
Malfeans have perpetrated the concept of Oblivion as a sen-
tient, incarnate deity, and claim to be Its priests. Other
Malfeans promote themselves as gods, sometimes to spectres,

more often to misguided mortal cultists and deluded super-
natural disciples. Regardless of their creed, all spectres serve

Oblivion. It is to free the Oblivion inside all living and dying
creatures, from wraiths and other supernaturals to the tiniest
mortal lives, that spectres spread entropy and destruction. Ev-
ery particle of Oblivion freed increases the strength of the
Void, and it is the devout spectral hope that one day soon the
Void will grow so vast that it devours everything.


The Tempest
The night sky is only a sort of carbon paper,
Blue-black, with the much poked periods of stars
Letting in the light, peephole after peephole
A bonewhite light, like death, behind all things.
— Sylvia Plath, "Insomniac"

To spectres, the Tempest is a place of comfort and famil-
iarity; to wraiths, it is a shifting, shapeless nightmare. The
Tempest is the surface of Oblivion, the interface between sub-
stance and nothingness. It is a sea of souls and madness. The

dreams and memories of those lost within it sometimes drift
like flotsam near its surface. It is from such fading memories
that spectres can draw forth the props they employ during a
wraith's Harrowing.

Below the surface of the Tempest lie the nightmare war-
rens of the Labyrinth, while above it nihils allow pinpricks of
light from the Shadowlands through. Particularly deep nihils
plunge through the Tempest and continue down into the
Labyrinth. The Tempest drains through such nihils, known
as sinkholes. Sometimes spectres will open sinkholes in the
midst of well-traveled byways and wait patiently for uns
pecting wraiths to be drawn to their doom. It is by sinkholes
that spectres sometimes cluster in the Labyrinth, listening to
echoes from where the nihil opens in the Shadowlands.

The Tempest usually manifes
consisting of water, sometimes of blood or souls

s an ocean, sometimes
Byways,

whether roads, train tracks or placid canals, cut acros

face. Their form is changeable, as is their direction. It is rare
tosee the Tempest calm, unless traveling in the presence of a
Ferryman. Often it
and shrieking winds. Fog, foam and spray obscures vision and
rips words away from one's mouth. It is usually impossible to
see or hear anything of detail while gripped by a Tempest-
storm,

a storm-tossed sea of towering waves

If one can travel far enough across the Tempest, the Far
Shores await, Heavens and Hells populated by a variety of
souls. Few are the final destination they claim to be, which
waits only in Transcendence, if at all. The Void also waits for
travelers, and can be considered akin to the fictitious "Edge
of the World" once believed in by mortals. Unwary travelers
in the Tempest may fall over the edge of the Void and be

consumed. Like the oceans of the mortal world, the depths of
the Tempest are mysterious and inhabited by many strange
and monstrous creatures, Plasmics, Demonics and others
These are described in detail in Sea of Shadows, as is the
Tempest itself.

qhe Labyrinth

It is in the Labyrinth that most wraiths find themselves
should they be subjected to a Harrowing. Other wraiths
stumble across the Labyrinth while navigating the Tempest,
often mistaking the gloomy tunnels they discover for byways,
Woe unto those wraiths who tread such paths, for while spec-
tres may occasionally be found lurking on byways, the twist-
ing halls of the Labyrinth swarm with their numbers.

The terrain of the Labyrinth varies greatly; one p:
may resemble a drafty, dripping dungeon, all flagstones
chains; another might appear as an subway access tunnel,
whitewashed walls and buzzing fluorescent lights flicking on
and off overhead, while a third may be a rough-hewn tunnel
of sickly pink marble shot through with black veins. The
Labyrinth's appearance is ever-changing, although its nature
remains the same. The Labyrinth underlies the entire Un-
to traverse the

sage
and

derworld, and spectres use its secret rout
Shadowlands, Skinlands and Tempest. It is said that Charon
once walked every passageway of the Labyrinth, but no other
wraith has done so. Regardless of where the Labyrinth is en-
tered, all its twisting, maze-like tunnels lead in the same di-
rection: toward the dark heart of Oblivion.

The Void

The leaden core of the Underworld is called the Void. It
is here that all Maelstroms have their genesis. Created from
utter nothingness, these raging storms of pure Oblivion roar
through the Labyrinth, bursting out through the surface of
the Tempest to shriek across the unsuspecting Shadowlands.
It is often events in the Skinlands which trigger the release of
Maelstroms, although in this day and age lesser Maelstroms
sometimes howl across the Shadowlands with no apparent
cause.

The Void lies at the center of the Tempest. Its mouth is
said to resemble a gargantuan whirlpool, a rushing, roaring
vortex leading down into nothingness. The pit at the bottom
of this vortex is the Void proper, the endless darkness that is
the birthplace of Oblivion. Numerous openings, caves, pits
and passageways, the trap-door exits of the Labyrinth, open
out into the vortex overlooking the Void. This terrible sight
is often the last thing witnessed by any wraith drawn here.
Once plunged down into this primal manifestation of
Oblivion, none emerge. So great are the powers of Oblivion

in this place that not even spectres return from the Void; any
being tha it is consumed wholly.


gears
KU

Dark Reflections: Spectres

) tae

It is one of the paradoxes of Oblivion that its birthplace
is a deathtrap for everything else. It is the Void which denies
immortality; all things come here eventually, though most
pass through unheeding and unknowing.

Nothing lives, or exists, at the mouth of the Void. Not
even spectres can stand to be so close to that which they
serve and fear, and that which devours them. There is noth-
ing known of the other side, and nothing ever comes through.
There are not even any rumors of creatures who exist in the
Void. It is nothingness without end, entropy made manifest.

Spectres and Their Kind

So sad now.

No way out.

The bottom of despair.

— Pansy Division, "Deep Water"

Doppelganger: The Shadow-aten

hose unhappy wraiths who are overcome
by their Shadows initially become the
spectres known as Doppelgangers. It is
from their ranks that Malfeans enlist
agents to spy upon the Shadowlands.
@) Doppelgangers retain Fetters and so are

able to venture into the Shadowlands for
considerable periods of time. They may, as their name sug-
gests, use their high levels of the Arcanos Moliate to imitate
powerful or important wraiths. With their new faces, they
discredit the wraith they are imitating and work to estrange
her allies. Doppelgangers are also responsible for furthering
the taint of Oblivion among the Quick. To this end, they
employ the Arcanoi Embody, Keening, Outrage and Pande-
monium to spread fear, despair and other negative emotions
throughout the Skinlands.

It is in this role that Doppelgangers do the most dam-
age, although wraiths who have suffered from their machi-
nations in the Shadowlands may dispute such claims.
Doppelgangers delight in driving mortals mad, edging them
ever closer to suicidal despair and homicidal rage. Like the
among the spectres, Doppelgangers fre-
quent Skinland haunts. Often they choose the scene of their

Restless, but alone

death, ora location similarly important to them in life. Here
their unseen presence contaminates the surrounding area with
negative emotions: fury, melancholy, rage.

As well as causing harm to mortals, Doppelgangers also
play havoc with the Skinland Fetters of wraiths. By encourag-
ing reclamation and rebuilding projects, they ensure locations
important to wraiths are destroyed or transformed beyond rec-


ognition. They also delight in encouraging mortal firebugs to
commit arson with similar effects. Other Doppelgangers
skinride unwilling mortals in order to more directly assault
wraiths' Fetters — burning books, irreparably vandalizing me-
morials, and similar activities, as well as spreading chaos by
embarking on shooting sprees and other destructive acts.

Doppelgangers are paler, thinner and less substantial than
wraiths, although not so obviously as to draw attention to
their appearance. Their triumphant Shadow is always visible
in their eyes. A Doppelganger's eyes might be hollow and
empty, leaden with sorrow or blazing with hate. Deathmarks
resembling post-mortem lividity are often blotched across
their Corpus like cancerous sarcomas. However, by manipu-
lating their Corpus with Moliate, Doppelgangers can hide all
signs of their Oblivion-taint save for their eyes. Alert wraiths
can learn to spot a Doppelganger by closely examining her
gaze. As noted in Sea of Shadows, Doppelgangers are often
divided into camps depending on their Arcanoi.
Doppelgangers with skill in Keening are known as Banshees,
while those especially skilled in Moliate become Actors and
Doubles. The intricate sub-cultures that exist among
Doppelgangers are usually of no concern to anyone except
Doppelgangers, who take a perverse pride in their actions,
Arcanoi and position.

Nephwracks: The Transformed

A Doppelganger whose appearance is so transformed by
the decay of Oblivion that he can no longer pass as a wraith
is known as a Nephwrack. Retaining their intelligence and
identity, they are often found as servants and attendants at
Malfean courts. Nephwracks sometimes serve as the priests
of spectral society, interpreting the dreams of their sleeping
masters. They act as emissaries and heralds too, flitting be-
tween the Skinlands, Shadowlands and the Tempest with
abandon. Nephwracks are truly hideous creatures by wraith
standards, and are usually only encountered by those Restless
who travel deep into the Tempest. Occasionally nihils lead
directly to a Nephwrack's lair, although this is rare.

Nephwracks, like Doppelgangers, are still capable of em-
ploying Arcanoi. The taint of Oblivion is always obvious on a
Nephwrack. Its touch warps these Spectres into mocking cari-
catures of their mortal selves, the evidence of their triumphant
Shadow present for all to see. A heroin addict's Corpus might
bear ulcerated, gaping puncture marks where she injected the
killing drug into her veins. The face of a Nephwrack who was
a heavy drinker in life is bulbous, pock-marked and traced
with broken capillaries, his body bloated and swollen. A wife-
beater's visage is a twisted mask of rage, eyes white-hot, hands
permanently clenched into club-like fists. Nephwracks often
possess high levels of the Arcanos Keening, with which they
bombard their enemies with dark emotions.

WT) is

< <4
Shades: Children of Oblivion

Restless who are Devoured by the Tempest, lost to their
Shadows during a Harrowing, or swallowed by Oblivion dur-
ing a Maelstrom become Shades. The violence of such en-
counters strips away most of the wraith's personality and
tellect, leaving the newborn Shade a mindless, howling beast.
Shades seek only to destroy, corrupt and annihilate. They
radiate the cold black light of Oblivion more strongly than
Doppelgangers and Nephwracks; it surrounds them like an
aura. The stronger a Shade is, the stronger the flickering cloud
of un-light that surrounds them.

Shades are the most monstrous of all commonly encoun-
tered spectres. Their Corpus is invariably twisted into hid-
eous and frightening visages. Like barghests, Shades are of-
ten bestial and animalistic in appearance. Shades may be
emaciated and skeletal, their Corpus stripped back to the bone.
Sometimes they appear as demonic, horned and scaled mon-
sters out of human myth, while at other times they are little
more than a gaping maw and wicked claws held together by a
tangle of sinews and torn skin. Shades are the shock troops of
Oblivion, knowing no purpose other than destruction and
death. Whenever spectres attack in force, Shades will always
be among their numbers. They are at the forefront of every
Maelstrom, riding the soul-storms across the Shadowlands and
destroying any wraith in their path. They are notorious for
running amok, and engage in stampedes and swarmings. Most
other spectres avoid Shades as best they can.

Mortwights: The New-Fallen

Mortwights are spectres who died with such violence that
they became spectres instantly, without spending any time in
the Shadowlands. Recent arrivals in the Tempest, they have
been a political force since the time of the Fifth Maelstrom.
They are becoming increasingly common to the point where
they may soon have the numbers to challenge the caste sys-
tem, which places them as socially inferior to Doppelgangers.

Mortwights are remarkably adept at navigating the Tem-
pest in all its guises, from the Sea of Souls to the Sea of Shad-
ows. As warriors against Stygia and the Dark Empires, they
are superb. Their command over the Tempest is strong enough
that most Mortwights excel at calling matter and memories
out of the storm. These can be used for props when Harrow-
ing a wraith, as weapons when the spectre is waylaying a ve-
hicle traveling a distant byway, or however the Mortwight sees
fit. Mortwights, of all spectres, maintain their mortal appear-
ance the most closely. Their eyes are not Shadow-darkened,
nor are their bodies hideously ravaged by Oblivion. The only
obvious mark of Oblivion they bear is their death wound,
whatever it may be. In the Tempest, this wound bleeds con-
stantly without harming the wraith, leaking minute amounts

23


of Corpus that are instantly replaced. If a Mortwight leaves
the Tempest for the Shadowlands, he begins to lose Corpus at
a rate of 2 points per day. Without this physical limitation
restricting their movement beyond the Tempest, Mortwights
would no doubt gain more respect from other spectres, who
perceive them as flawed because of this debilitating weakness.

Stiplings: The Never-ived

These are spectres born from children who died before
they were 10 years old. The time a Stripling spends in the
Shadowlands is usually even briefer than their mortal span, if
indeed they are not instantly catapulted into Oblivion. The
ranks of the Mortwights are made up predominantly of Strip-
lings, although there exist Stripling Doppelgangers,
Nephwracks and Shades. They form a clique among them-
selves, a separatist group which, to the horror of many spec-
tres, crosses the boundaries of caste.

Unti the last century and the Industrial Revolution, Strip-
lings were rare. Those children who died in previous centu-
ties were usually enslaved by Stygia as raw materials immedi-
ately upon entering the Shadowlands. The occasional Strip-
ling born made little impact among spectres until the year
1213 and the aftermath of the Children's Crusade. From
among the thousands of children who died and the handful
of those who became spectres came the Stripling called
Jemima Screech. Led by Screech and her successors (for she
herself has long since succumbed to the Void), Striplings have
become a united group, although it was not until the Indus-
trial Revolution that the deaths of children under the appall-
ing conditions of the factories birthed their kind in any great
number. They have become even more common in the bru-
tal and bloody wars of the 20th century.

Although still fewer in number than their spectre peers,
Striplings are now a large and organized group, and a definite
threat to the stability of spectral society. Striplings appear as
corrupt manifestations of children. Some are skeletal, others
drip worms or are bloated and disfigured. All speak with soft,
high voices, their sometimes lisped or childish pronounce-
ments belying the venom and malevolence of the meaning of
their words.

Striplings exist to bring other children closer to Oblivion.
In the Shadowlands they present themselves as playmates to
child Enfants, and work to provoke their Shadows. Of all spec-
tres, Striplings excel at the Dark Arcanoi Shroud-Rending, al-
lowing them considerable influence over the Quick. In the
Skinlands, Striplings encourage children to play with power
sockets and pots of boiling water, to bite electric cables and chase
balls into traffic. Their skill at such coercions is reflected in the
increasing number of Striplings flooding into the Tempest.


Nalteans: The

Malfeans have been mistakenly identified by many
wraiths as simply spectres that have grown great by devour-
ing the essences of lesser spectres and wraiths. Although this
is true of some Malfeans, the oldest among them were cre-
ated at the moment of the Sundering. Others have joined
their ranks over the intervening centuries, but are noticeably
dwarfed by the elders.

These primal Malfeans are known variously as the Never
Dead, Grotesques or sometimes as Primordials, while Malfeans
who have climbed from the ranks of spectres, fattened on the
Corpus of friend and foe alike, are called Plotters, or more com-
monly, Cabalists. Regardless of their breed, all Malfeans lair in
the Labyrinth, often in cavern dens that were gnawed out of
nothingness at the Sundering. Here they can slumber for centu-
ries, awakening to declare invasions of this Dark Kingdom or
that Necropolis, to speak of the dreams of Oblivion and of the
endless peace that awaits in Nothingness. Nephwracks swarm
and fawn around them, and armies of Shades await their com-
mands.

Malfeans are the god-kings of spectral society. Terrible,
twisted beings, they almost never leave their lairs within the
Tempest. When they do, it is to spread chaos and suffering on
an unheard-of scale. The death or disappearance of Charon
was at the claws of the Malfean known as Gorool. Other
Malfeans of note include Lamachis the Devourer, whose wan-
derings traverse the Shadowlands of the Americas; Rabark
the Inhabited, whose corpulent mass is inhabited by numer-
ous lesser spectres burrowing through her Corpus like so many
parasites; and Mulhecturous, a foul putrescence whose
Nephwrack servitors are responsible for spreading disease and
death among her mortal worshippers.

Mulhecturous the Filth Goddess is not the only Malfean
to be worshipped by deluded mortals. Many Malfeans have
chosen to spread Oblivion by setting themselves up as deities,
worshipped by the Quick and the dead alike. These beings
often employ Nephwracks to manifest and possess their mor-
tal cultists in order to provide proof of their supernatural power.
Such mortal cults are often innocent of what it is they wor-
ship, believing themselves to be servants of Satanic or other
spiritual entities. Under the aegis of their divinity, these cults
spread degradation and despair throughout the Skinlands.

While many Malfeans are content to be worshipped, oth-
ers, such as Lamachis, seek more palpable power. Their ser-
vants are often skinridden mortals in governments and multi-
national corporations. Such influence also extends into the
Shadowlands. More than one Heretic cult and Renegade gang
is secretly under the influence of a Malfean, wittingly or un-
wittingly advancing the cause of Oblivion even as they claim g
to be attaining Transcendence or freedom from the Hierarchy. Tt ‘=



Chapter Two:
Spectres as Characters

Nevertheless... my rebirth has taught me the torment of be-
ginnings, while the idea of endings has assumed in my thoughts a

tranquil significance.

— Thomas Ligotti, "The Lost Art of Twilight"

pectre characters are for roleplayers who
like to play with on and intensity.
SY] Spectres know that their existence is brief,
and they throw themselves into their role
of destroyers, seeking to extinguish them-
selves all the sooner through exhaustion
or violent death. They are creatures of
utter nihilism, hoping only that they might end their own
pain by ending all existence. In all other regards they are
uncaring and angry, despairing, hateful, bitter, sadistic and
twisted. In playing a spectre, you may find the character func-
tioning as an outlet for your personal frustrations, fears and
repressed urges. This can be a frightening realization, the dis-
covery that a fictional cha

ter is so deeply rooted in your-
self, but it can also be a cathartic one.

Dark Reflections: Spectres is hardly psychotherapy,
however. It is a game. Spectres are creatures of utmost dark-
ness. By mortal standards they are utterly and completely evil.
Everything about them that is good or kind has been scoured
away by Oblivion. By choosing to play a spectre, you have
chosen to play a character that manifests your every worst
trait. Such roleplaying is demanding and intensive, and thus
not for everyone, This chapter describes how you can create
a spectre character. Players are advised to first refamiliarize
themselves with character generation in Wraith: The
Oblivion before creating a spectre character. This chapter also
offers advice on roleplaying technique for spectre characters,
concerning motivation and spectre psychology. Details con-
cerning Dark Arcanoi and other skills and backgrounds are
also covered in this chapter.


players take on the roles of evil creatures.
Spectres desire no redemption, and seek
no understanding. This is no religious sect,
only evil when seen from an outsider's
point of view; spectres are irredeemably
evil. Vampires seek self-understanding
through inner peace and contact with their Beast. Wraiths
seek completion and finality through resolution of past inad-
equacies. Spectres seek nothing but destruction. The "a beast
1 am lest a beast 1 become" anguish of Vampire: The Mas-
querade is not relevant to spectres, who are not given to such

introspection, nor to seeking excuses for their deeds.

When you play a spectre, you should attempt to person-
alize the destructive urge. A Dark Reflections chronicle has
the potential to become quite tedious if there is no real dis-
tinction between the spectre characters save for their degree
of skill in the various Dark Arcanoi. As a spectre player, you
should try to choose a particular Dark Passion and embody
its destructive aspects and urges, just as your character's Be-
ing is the essence of such Passions. Are you destructive be-

Sg

, Of

cause of rage, jealousy or hatred? It should be pos

of a spectre character, "she is hate personified," o

jealousy." All of these motivations, though equally able to
produce evil behavior, provide focus for a spectre character,
allowing each character to be unique.

Nothing is
deed a mortal, becomes a spectre. Spectres hunt in packs not

s final as the instant when a wraith, or in-

for companionship but because the hive-mind of Oblivion
infects them all. This herd mentality produces little concern

for the well-being of their fellows, as it is useless to make

attachments when all existence is transitory, especially one's

own. Such concerns as pity, cooperation and comradeship

hardly influence a spectre at all. Spectres are motivated by

two things: surcease from the pain of Oblivion which wracks
them and Dark Pe

the various hatreds, lusts, guilts and fears which drive them,

n. Spectres exist to express and spread

and indeed, which give them life.

Spectres are short-lived. Oblivion wracks them constantly
and soon claims them. The knowledge of their incipient de-
pectres, giving them the strength to fight
on. Because they do not fear destruction, and indeed actively

struction empower

seek it, spectres are usually unconcerned with survival, and will
attack again and again, even when the odds are against them.


Because of the brief and brutal nature of a spectre's exist-
ence, and the similar nature of spectre chronicles, it is rec-
ommended that players do not become too attached to their
characters. Character deterioration in the face of Oblivion is
likely to be rapid. This is not a game of long developments
and iftfinite detail; it is a fast and brutal exploration of simple
ideas. Knowledge of their impending doom and the gnawing
agony of their very existence motivate spectres in their sui-
cidally intense deeds. In choosing to play a spectre, you have
chosen to play a fanatical, dest monster

fas

airing, remorse!
without conscience or mercy.

ervants of Oblivion

Nothing can stay my glance

Until that glance run in the world's despite

To where the damned have howled away their hearts.

_— WB. Yeats, "All Souls' Night"

© aspectre, Oblivion is lover and queen,
general and torturer, history and future.
To be a spectre is to exist in Purgatory,
between the initial fall to Oblivion and
the final one. Spectral existence, instead
of being a program of spiritual cleansing,
may very well be more punishment than
reward. Oblivion is a demanding master, and spectres live in
areality of pain. How can they not loathe that which waits
hungrily to claim them, and that which drives them forward
as its minions? For many spectres, the sole reason to serve the
hated and feared Oblivion is their greater and more acute
hatred of those that live and the Restless who cling patheti-
cally to them.

Some spectres see themselves as soldiers, others as priests.
Just as many have no such self-awareness and no conscious-
ness that wraiths can understand. Others seek to find some
meaning or advantage in their service of Oblivion. The el-
dest Malfeans have been self-serving so long that Oblivion is
seldom a concern for them. These Malfeans will all eventu-
ally be claimed by Oblivion, but defer the end by devouring
around them. Many captured wraiths, af-
acrificed to the
ns, who devour them. In this way, and too through the

the lesser spectres.

ter their usefulness has expired, are also
Malfea
use of strange and powerful Dark Arcanoi, they manage to
stave off Oblivion almost indefinitely. They serve nothing
but themselves, motivated by their personal desire to cheat
Oblivion, and to hasten it for others.

Many other Malfeans still serve Oblivion and seek uni-
versal extinction, but their personal goals and desires become
caught up in this aim, and so gargantuan plots and policies
are instigated, catching up lesser spectres or grinding them

beneath their wheels.

This kind of duplicity is common in spectre thinking.
Doppelgangers seek to lure more wraiths into the service of
Oblivion, a service which they themselves loathe. They gain
temporary relief from their pain by the thought of the wraith's
impending agony; thus do the ranks of Oblivion swell. It has
been suggested by some wraiths that Doppelgangers merely seek
companions in their torment, but most believe that the hollow
ache of Oblivion has driven any such desires from all but the
youngest of spectres. For other spectres it is hard to make gen-
eralizations about the role in their lives which Oblivion claims.
While some serve it willingly, others do their duty grudgingly,
and others still embrace the madness and learn to love Oblivion.

Character Creation

Between the conception

And the creation

Between the emotion

And the response

Falls the Shadow

—T.§, Eliot, "The Hollow Men"

he creation of spectre characters proceeds
as for wraiths for the large part. Please re-
fer to Wraith: The Oblivion for further in-
formation where detailed character cre-
ations notes are not given here. As when
creating a wraith, your character begins the
game as a relatively inexperienced spectre,
only recently claimed by Oblivion. Your Storyteller may allow
you to play a character from some distant historical period, for
your spectre may have existed as a wraith in the Shadowlands
for many hundreds of years before being Devoured.

ep tep One: Concept

our character begins with a concept, a
general description of what kind of spec-
tre you want to play. Your character will
become more clearly defined as the char-
acter creation proceeds. First, determine
how your character lived, and how he or
she died. As spectres have no regrets to
bind them to the Skinlands, you should instead determine
how your character was Devoured. Did Oblivion claim you
instantly as you died? Was it a slow and torturous battle against
your Shadow? Were you lost in the Tempest, captured by a
Malfean or swallowed by a Maelstrom? Write down your de-
cision next to Birth, Death and Devoured on the spectre char-
acter sheet.

29

Chapter Two: Spectres as Characters


Nature and Demeanior

Choose your character's Nature and Demeanor from the
archetypes given for Shadows in Wraith: The Oblivion.

Caste

What kind of a spectre are you? This is primarily deter-
mined by the manner in which you were claimed by Oblivion.
Each spectre caste has unique weaknesses and abilities, out-
lined below.

Doppelgangers

Having been devoured by their Shadow, an all too com-
mon occurrence, Doppelgangers are the lowest caste of spec-
tres, save for Mortwights. They are rank and file troops of
Oblivion.

Doppelgangers are the closest of any spectres to wraiths;
they retain Fetters, which allow them to remain in the
Shadowlands. By the same token, though, they are uniquely
suited to the infiltration of wraith society. Doppelgangers may
possess any Arcanos normally available to wraiths. They also
have access to Dark Arcanoi. Dopplegangers have the same
number of points to spend during character creation as do
wraiths, except that they receive six points to distribute among
their Arcanoi.

Nephwracks

These spectres are Doppelgangers on whom Oblivion
Itself has worked Its art. Their Corpus is so transformed that
Moliate can no longer conceal the extent that Oblivion has
affected them. Nephwracks consider these transformations a
sign of Oblivion's blessing.

They are the caste above Doppelgangers, and are the art-
ists, priests and public servants of the Labyrinth. Other than
their appearance, Nephwracks scarcely differ from
Doppelgangers (a point of some contention among certain of
that caste). Nephwracks have eight points to distribute among
their Arcanoi, and may possess both wraith and Dark Arcanoi.
However, they have no Fetters.

Shades

Shades personify Dark Passion, and are the shock troops
of spectral society. Even Nephwracks bow before Shades, at
least publicly. The highest caste among spectres save the
Malfeans, Shades were originally Devoured by Oblivion dur-
ing a Harrowing, a Maelstrom or in the Tempest. Shades only
have access to the Dark Arcanos, and have five dots to dis-
tribute among them. Shades gain 12 points to divide among
their Dark Emotions. They also have access to unique Shade

Dark Reflections: a

powers. Some of these, such as Shark's Teeth, Pathos Drain
and Rend the Lifeweb, are described in Wraith: The Oblivion.
New Shade powers are listed below. Shade characters begin
the game with only one Shade power, although more can be
purchased with freebie points (5 freebie points each).

Mortwights

Mortals who were claimed by Oblivion at the instant of
their death join the caste known as Mortwights. They are
largely confined to the Labyrinth and the Tempest. Though
excelling as troops in direct assaults against Stygia, Mortwights
are the lowest caste of spectral society. They have begun to
chafe against their bonds as their numbers swell. Like Shades,
Mortwights are limited to Dark Arcanoi; however, they have
six points to distribute among them as they choose. One point
must be automatically invested in the Dark Arcanos Tem-
pest-Weaving, at which Mortwights are especially skilled.

Stiplnes
The spectres of children, Striplings are not a caste, but

a unique group among spectres who disdain the caste system's
restrictions. Not all spectre children are Striplings, but all

New Sate Powers

ade can do aggravated dam-
neth +1
This power allows the
xious vapor, akin in na-
ture to the black winds of Oblivion that whirl
through the Labyrinth. Victims caught in the
s exhalation lose one point each from
th Levels if mortal) per Angst
point the spectre sacrifices. Such damage can-

Tempest Wrack: At the cost of two points
gst and one point of Being, the Shade can
infect the Tempest around her with her own in-
ner turmoil. T ults in the Tempest becom-
ing wracked by storms, creates whirlpools where
there were once placid byways, et
Siphon Emotion: Shade can directly
attack the Passions of an opponent, and convert
drained Passion points to Dark Passions. Each
point so drained iner the Shade's dominant
Dark Passion and its Being by one. The Shade
must successfully grapple its opponent in com-
bat, and then attempt to overcome the target's
Pathos with its Being in an opposed roll.


Striplings are children. Like children, they are limited by all
those restrictions placed upon playing a child, such as cer-
tain maximum Strength, etc. Striplings have only 6/4/2
points to distribute among their Attributes. They have only
have eight points to distribute among their Dark Passions.
Striplings may or may not have Fetters, depending on what
other caste they are associated with.

They have access to standard wraith Arcanoi, as well as
Dark Arcanoi, and have eight points to distribute among
them. Striplings begin play with a dot in the Dark Arcanos
Shroud-Rending.

Valteans

It is generally suggested that players do not take Malfeans
as their characters, unless in particularly unusual circum-
stances. Malfeans are beings of enormous capabilities. They
cycle through periods of long sleep, alternating with fierce
outbreaks. Immense, ancient and unknowable, their dreams
and visions guide spectres toward the end of the world.

Sep Two: Attributes

Prioritize the three categories of Attributes as in Wraith,
modified by any restrictions due to your caste, as above.

Sep Three: Abilities

Prioritize the three categories of Abilities as in Wraith,
modified by any restrictions due to your caste, as above.

Step Four: Advantages

Dark Arcanoi

ach caste has a variable number of dots.
to assign among the various Arcanoi, as
described in your spectre's caste notes.
Not all spectres have access to standard
wraith Arcanoi, but Dark Arcanoi are un-
restricted. All spectres, regardless of caste,
begin the game with one dot in the Dark
Arcanos Hive-Mind.

Arcanoi and

Spectres who botch on a roll to use a regular Arcanos
gain Composure insted of Angst where applicable.

Backgrounds

All spectres, regardless of caste, receive only five dots to
distribute among their chosen Backgrounds. Of those Back-
ground Traits available to wraiths, spectres may not possess
Eidolon, Notoriety or Wealth. The Storyteller may choose to
restrict or deny certain other Backgrounds depending on the
nature of his chronicle.

New Backeround: Shadowlands

. You have heard rumors of the Shadowlands,
but have never seen them; you have only just learned of its
existence.

oe You have visited the Shadowlands a few
times. You know no more about the Shadowlands than would
a wraithly Enfant.

ee You have considerable experience in the
Shadowlands, equal to that of a Lemure.

eoee Your knowledge of the Shadowlands is leg-
endary, but there are still secrets even you have not yet fath-
omed. You know as much as a Domem. ,

. . None know more about the Shadowlands

than you, its backwaters, secrets and mysteries. Your knowl-
edge is akin to a powerful Gaunt, and doubtless rivals most
Malfeans'.

Dark Passions

As previously noted, spectres are primarily motivated by
their Dark Passions. The highest individual Dark Passion
possessed by a spectre determines the character's Being. The
more total points the spectre has in Dark Passions also deter-
mines its place within its own caste.

Like wraiths, spectres receive 10 dots to distribute among
their Dark Passions, modified by their caste. These may later
be adjusted with freebie points.

Dark Passions are generally expressed as a sentence de-
tailing the meaning of the passion, followed by a one word
summation of the particular passion involved; for example,
Destroy the Hierarchy (Hate), or Advance the Decay of the
Shadowlands (Envy). Other Dark Passions include Lust,
Greed, Malice, Bitterness and Jealousy. Think about your
Nature and Demeanor when determining your Dark Passions;
your Nature especially might suggest certain passions to you.
Dark Passions are also often directed at former Fetters the spec-
tre may have held as a wraith. The highest of your Dark Pas-
sions determines your Being. If two or more Dark Passions are
of equal level, choose which passion determines your Being.


fetters

Only Doppelgangers and Mortwights have Fetters. These
should be chosen by the player as described in Wraith. The
Fetters of a spectre generally relate to painful moments in the
character's life, such as the hospital delivery room where a
character's wife died in childbirth, or the liquor store where
he purchased the alcohol he thereafter used to drink himself
to death.

The site of the character's death is a common Fetter
among Doppelgangers. Fetters possessed by spectres cannot
be resolved, but they can be destroyed.

Step five: finishing Touches

pectres use Angst to power their Arcanoi.
#) All spectres start off with 5 Angst, al-
though they may gain more with freebie
S| points before beginning play. The Angst
Pool cannot exceed 10 points.
Spectres regain Angst through their Dark
Passions the same way wraiths gain Pathos
from their Passions.

Being

Instead of Willpower, spectres have a trait called Being,
which determines their emotional essence and spiritual
strength, as well as their self-control. Like Willpower, spec-
tres have both permanent and temporary Being. Temporary
Being is used to power certain Dark Arcanoi, while perma-
nent Being is used in situations where Willpower would oth-
erwise be. Being also determines how likely a spectre is to
become Rapacious. Temporary Being can be spent to increase
a character's chance of completing an action.

A spectre's Being is determined by the highest of its Dark
Passions, and so usually begins at a rating somewhere between
three and five dots. Sample Beings include Hate, Envy, Lust,
Fear, Despair, Frustration or Cynicism. When a mortal or
wraith with a Passion or Dark Passion akin to the spectre's
Being is in its vicinity, the spectre must make a Being roll
(difficulty 8) or become Rapacious. Rapaciousness is a spiri-
tual hunger, an overpowering need to attack a creature and
free the Oblivion contained by it. A spectre can spend a point

of temporary Being to stave off Rapacity, although in certain
situations the Storyteller may impose the loss of further Be-
ing points, should she decree such sacrifice necessary.

Corpus

Corpus is the ectoplasm surrounding a spectre's soul, and
many spectres take pleasure in altering the appearance of their
Corpus, usually in dramatic fashion. Most spectres' Corpus re-
veal the transforming powers of Oblivion, often through visible
marks of decay. All spectre characters begin with 10 Corpus.

Each time a spectre character rolls a botch while attempt-
ing any task, a permanent point of Corpus is lost per botch.
When Oblivion claims the spectre utterly, (i.e., if a character
has only five total Corpus points and receives six levels of
aggravated damage from the Stygian gladius of a Legionnaire,
or when a spectre with one Corpus makes a botch) a small
nihil forms around the lost soul and drags it down into the
Void. Wraiths and other spectres in the vicinity of this event
must make Dexterity + Athletics rolls to escape the nihil's
pull. Use of the Argos Arcanos, or the Dark Arcanos Tem-
pest-Weaving, or an Outrage: Leap of Rage, will serve the same
effect. Characters who fail to escape are pulled down into the
Labyrinth, usually in the vicinity of the Void, into which the
last particles of the destroyed spectre's soul have been drawn.

freebie Points

You may now spend freebie points to round out those
aspects of your character you feel are lacking. Unlike wraiths,
Spectres cannot spend freebie points to offset the powers of
their Psyches. All spectres have 20 freebie points to spend,
which can be used according to the following chart:

Abilities 2 points per dot
Angst 2 points per dot
Arcanoi 4 points per dot
Attributes 5 points per dot
Backgrounds 2 points per dot
Being 2 points per dot
Fetters 1 point per dot
Shade Powers 5 points per power


spark a Death
Appeararice

any spectres go naked. Many more
Moliate their appearance, or are twisted
and transformed by Oblivion in unique
x Decide what is unique and eye-
catching about your spectre's appearance.
Has she Moliated her hair into thorns or
grown new eyes? Is he mottled with death-
marks and wearing a business suit, or does he flaunt the wounds
of his suicide?

idiosyncrasies

Pause a moment to consider what it is about your spectre
that makes her unique. Is it the way she claws at the Corpus of
her face when stressed, leaving oozing gouges and hanging flaps
which expose w bone? Perhaps there is a quirk
about the way he chooses his prey, only killing wraiths who
remind him of his father. These notes are what makes your char-
acter memorable and special, and are a part of character gen-
eration reliant entirely upon your own facility for imagination.

The final part of your spectre is the character's Psyche,
the last element of its soul that defies Oblivion. The Psyche
is powered by a trait called Composure, and should be de-

signed in conjunction with the Storyteller. More details about
the Psyche and Composure can be found in the next chapter.

Merits and laws

oa

any of the Merits and Flaws in the Wraith
Players Guide can be taken by spectre

Sk

aa)

s. New, uniquely spectral Merits

Be

Penetrating Glare ( point Merit)

It is easier for you to see past the Shroud than for most
spectres. All rolls relating to viewing mortals and interacting
with them are | level less difficult for you because of this.

sStoto jeieu

3175

Chapter Two: Spectres as Characters 33


Secret fetter (4 point Merit)

Unknown to your fellow spectres, you have a secret Fet-
ter somewhere in the Skinlands, a last attachment to your
mortal life. This allows you to manifest in the Shadowlands
and also means you have access to traditional Arcanos. You
may begin play with one point in an Arcanos of your choice
(this may be increased by spending freebie points). You may
gain other Arcanoi as play progresses. If other spectres dis-
cover your secret, you may be ostracized or killed.

Speeding 5 point Merit)

Your perception of time is more accelerated than other
spectres. You think, speak and react faster than most of your
compatriots. You always react first in any combat or similar
situation, and also gain an extra action every round. Note
that if you take this Merit, you must take the accompanying
Flaw Blurred (see below).

Strong Psyche (13 point Flaw)

Unlike most Psyches, yours is no wounded, whimpering
thing, but strong and forceful. Your Storyteller will chose an
extra Frond for your Psyche for each point of this Flaw that
you choose. Its cursed, seductive voice is always in your mind,
whispering sweet memories of blissful days to torment you.

Blurred (2 pont law)

The rapid nature of spectre existence has a distorting ef-
fect upon you. Your speech is a rushed blur that other spec-
tres have difficulty understanding. Conversely, you perceive
other creatures as speaking frustratingly slowly, and become
impatient with them. This Flaw must be taken automatically
if you take the Merit Speeding, but you do not have to take
Speeding if you chose Blurred.

Fou! Presence ( point Flaw)

A spectre with this flaw can cause plants in the Skinlands
to wither at his approach. If the spectre successfully touches
the plant using any Arcanos or Dark Arcanos, the plant will
die. Additionally, animals will sense the spectre's presence
and react fearfully; dogs bark, horses rear, and cats hiss and
flee the room. Animals are not physically affected by the cor-
ruptive taint of this Flaw. Psychically sensitive mortals and
those with True Faith may a
presence, so overpowering i

Iso be able to sense the spectre's

the impression of doom that
accompanies even their non-manifest presence.

34 Dark Reflections: Spectres

Hunted (45 point law

Some other being pursues you beyond the Shroud, even
to the edge of the Void. If this is a mortal hunter, pursuing
you with spiritual or scientific means, this is only a 4 point
Flaw. Should the hunter be some other supernatural entity,
such as a wrathful Garou or mage, then this is a 5 point Flaw.
You and your Storyteller should cooperatively design this
hunter and decide why he is hunting you. Naturally the Sto-
ryteller may wish to conceal certain details from you.

Decayed Corpus (variable)

The process of your inevitable plunge toward Oblivion
has already begun. For each point less of permanent Corpus
the spectre has lost, this is a one point Flaw. The character's
Appearance should be adjusted accordingly.

Dark Arcanoi

hose Arcanoi possessed by wraiths are used
by some spectres. There exist also, unique
to spectres, certain Dark Arcanoi. Some
Storytellers might allow a Dark Arcanos
to be learned by wraith characters under
exceptional circumstances, but these are
generally the province of spectres alone.

empest-Weaving

I can call up your worst nightmare from the Sea of Shadows,
and retrieve the finest flotsam of forgotten dreams, the lost memo-
ries of the dead, from where they lie Tempest-tossed upon distant
shores.

This Dark Arcanos is concerned with the Tempest, ma-
nipulating its substance and learning how to use its unique
nature to one's own advantage. Mortwights excel at this
Arcanos. Spectres well-versed in Tempest-Weaving can travel
from the Sea of Shadows to the Sea of Souls in the blink of
an eye; overhear the conspiracies of Anacreons while eaves-
dropping at a nihil; and shape the raw stuff of the Tempest
into nightmare. It was with this Dark Arcanos that the
Malfeans carved much of the Labyrinth out of the Darkness
when they first crawled forth from the Void.

DSC Sa
FB « f 7

A Sly a
nie? SN


Basic Abilities

Eavesdrop: This art allows the spectre to eavesdrop
through a nihil, either overhearing what is said in the nihil's
vicinity in the Shadowlands while the spectre is still in the
Tempest, or vice versa. The character must be at the side of a
nihil, leaning over it or otherwise crouched close to the open-
ing in order to hear whatever sounds float up (or down).

System: The player must roll Perception + Tempest-
Weaving (difficulty 6). Only one success is needed to hear
the sounds emanating from the nihil, giving the spectre a
vague idea of conditions where the nihil exits. If a botch is
tolled, the spectre mistakes one sound for another, for ex-
ample thinking that the heavy tread of Legionnaires is the
crash of the Tempest on the strand of the Isle of Sorrows.

Find Nihil: This ability allows the spectre to sense the
location and distance of the nearest nihil, regardless of
whether the character is in the Tempest or the Shadowlands.

System: The player rolls Perception + Tempest-Weaving
(difficulty 7). The number of successes rolled conveys increas-
ingly detailed information about the nihil. One success allows
the spectre to know the vague direction of the nihil. Two means
the spectre knows the precise direction. With three successes,
the spectre has a rough idea of how far away the nihil is, and
four or more indicates that the spectre knows all there is to
know about the nihil, including where it comes out.

Navigate: Spectres possessing this art can travel through
the Tempest at the standard movement rate without recourse
to the Arcanos Argos.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Tempest-Weav-
ing (difficulty 7) in order to understand how best to exploit
the eddies and tides of the Tempest.

‘Wormhole

With this art, the spectre can employ any nihil as a short-
cut between the Shadowlands and the Tempest. All the spec-
tre has to do is stretch the nihil open and clamber in. Mo-
ments later she will burst out the other end, wherever that
may be.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Tempest-Weaving
(difficulty 8). Success indicates she has opened the nihil and
arrived at her destination.

Ride the Soul-Storm

This level of Tempest-Weaving allows the spectre to

tide the winds of the Maelstrom, traveling aimlessly across
the Tempest or the Shadowlands. The character has no con-
trol over his direction, and is carried willy-nilly through the
Underworld. Phenomenal distances can be traveled in a short
time employing this art.


System: The character must roll Dexterity + Tempest-
Weaving (difficulty 7) in order to launch himself correctly. It
costs one Angst point to initiate the ride, and costs an addi-

tional point of Angst per hour that the spectre is carried along
by the soul-storm.

"Grasp the Passing

When employing this art, the spectre plunges her hand
into the Tempest and pulls out the first thing floating by. Such
flotsam on the Sea of Souls is not always useful, but is usually

entertaining. Objects found with this Arcanos include lost
memories from wraiths long since gone; the original mask of
the Skeletal Lord, lost during the 16th century; and a pair of
odd socks.
memories.

Items grasped will be either low-level relics or

System: A roll of Dexterity + Tempest-Weaving (diffi-
culty 6) must be made by the player, and one Angst point
spent, in order to successfully find an item in the Tempest.
Memories retrieved in this manner may sometimes hold one

or two points of a Dark Passion, which the spectre may de-

vour in order to boost her own. Minor relics may also be re-

trieved in this manner and used to decorate the set of a Har-

36 Dark Reflections: Spectres

rowing, or be used as weapons by the character. This Arcanos
costs 1 Angst to use. The spectre's Psyche gains one point of
temporary Composure each time this art is employed.

+ Favored flotsam

With this Arcanos a spectre can reach into the Tempest
and pull out something relevant to a problem at hand. De-
pending on the nature of what afflicts him, a spectre using
Favored Flotsam could pull an artifact weapon out of the Tem-
pest if attacked by the Hierarchy or a relic boat if lost in a
soul-storm. He can also retrieve an opponent's memories from
the Tempest to confound her, escaping or attacking while she
stands dumbfounded.

System: With a roll of Wits + Tempest-Weaving (diffi-
culty 8), and at the cost of one point of Angst and one point
of temporary Being, the spectre can retrieve the desired ob-
ject from the Tempest. Some spectres use this art to hide their
rare and valued Artifacts and relics (such as soul-forged swords
d Rage Past Life cards) in the Tempest, retrieving them at

their leisure. A point of temporary Composure is gained by
the Psyche each time a spectre uses this art.

\ OWS
} ry S a o 3 : a iia


alle

SCaguatte

wm Carve the Chaos

This powerful art allows a spectre to force her mind upon
the seething chaos of the Tempest from which the Labyrinth
is carved, and shape it into whatever she desires. It is with
this Arcanos that spectres can create perfect settings for
Harrowings, forming complete stages and sets, such as long-
forgotten family homes or a company board room, from the
raw stuff of Oblivion.

System: The player must roll Intelligence + Tempest-
Weaving (difficulty 9), and spend 2 points of Angst and a
point of Being, in order to successfully imprint her thoughts
upon a section of the Labyrinth. The spectre's Psyche gains 2
points of temporary Composure each time this art is employed.
The walls, floor, etc., will mold themselves into the shape of
whatever the spectre imagines, if successful. Additional flot-
sam can be pulled from the Tempest to decorate the created
set, which is populated with Moliated spectres if a Harrowing
is to be performed within its bounds.

- Shroud-Rending

eyond the Shroud the mortals dwell. They swarm
and multiply just beyond range of our dead eyes.
Sometimes you can hear them screaming where
the Shroud is thin. Music to my ears. Flickers
of Oblivion's dark fire smolder in their souls,
| and are the only trace that we are not alone.
Their realm is not so distant from ours.

With this Arcanos a spectre can learn to see the Skinlands
on the distant side of the Shroud. Unless a spectre knows
Shroud-Rending, the Shadowlands will always be empty to
her save for wraiths and other spectres. Once this art is hers,
the spectre can witness mortals going about their daily lives
and see what effect she has upon them. Shroud-Rending al-
lows the spectre to see through the Shroud; the reverse does
not hold true. Mortals cannot perceive spectres through the
Shroud unless the spectre also knows the Arcanos Embody.
All rolls concerning the Shroud are one difficulty higher for
spectres than for wraiths. Nihils form in areas where this
Arcanos is used frequently.

Basic Abilities

Hold Back The Curtain: This art allows the spectre to
extend her activity in the Skinlands past the standard dura-
tion of an Arcanos. It grants no other ability.

System: The player must roll Stamina + Shroud-Rend-
ing (difficulty 8). Each success allows the spectre to remain
in contact with the Skinlands for an additional round.

«Threshol

This art cannot quite cross the threshold of perception
between the lands of the Quick and the Dead. The character
can see the Skinlands and its inhabitants as if through a thick
fog, but cannot hear events, nor interfere with them.

System: The player must roll Strength + Shroud-Rend-
ing, at a difficulty equal to the local Shroud. The number of
successes rolled indicates the number of rounds the spectre
can peer through the Shroud at the Skinlands around him. A
botch means the character is immediately dragged down into
the Labyrinth by backlash. This art costs one Angst point.

Echoes

With this art the spectre can hear faint snatches of sound
from the Skinlands. Sound quality is always poor, with dis-
torted, echoing voices and fluctuating volume the norm.

System: The player must roll Perception + Shroud-Rend-
ing against the difficulty of the local Shroud. If used in the
vicinity of a nihil, the difficulty is reduced by one. Each suc-
cess indicates that the spectre has heard part of a conversa-
tion, with one success being only a single word, two successes
a phrase, three successes a sentence, and four or more suc-
cesses an entire conversation. If no one is speaking when the
spectre chooses to eavesdrop through the Shroud, she instead
hears whatever ambient sound is predominant in the corre-
sponding location in the Skinlands. A botch means the char-
acter is deafened for the remainder of the scene. It costs the
spectre one point of Angst to use this art.

«Fleeting Glimpses

This art allows a character to see a small area of the
Skinlands for a brief time.

System: A roll of Shroud-Rending + Alertness must be
made by the player against the difficulty of the local Shroud.
Success indicates that the character can clearly see the corre-
sponding area of the Skinlands around him, one yard radius
per success rolled. A botch blinds the character for the remain-

der of the scene. It costs one point of Angst to use this power.

vw Virtuality

With this art, the spectre can clearly see and hear events

in the Skinlands through the Shroud, as if combining the skills
contained within the two preceding levels of this Arcanos.
System: The roll required for success in this art is Intel-
ligence + Shroud-Rending versus the difficulty of the local
Shroud. The spectre must also spend two Angst points for
this art to be successful. A botch indicates that the charac-
ter is deafened and blinded by the white noise and black
light of Oblivion for the remainder of the scene, and can
only communicate via Hive-Mind.
ectres as Characters


Transparent Memories

The culmination of Shroud-Rending is the ability to per-
ceive the Skinlands with razor-edge clarity. All senses can
register the Skinlands and its inhabitants, although the spec-
tre is still beyond the Shroud and cannot physically interact
with mortals without using additional Arcanoi.

System: The player must make a roll of Strength +
Shroud-Rending versus the difficulty of the local Shroud, or
the target's Willpower if the character is attempting to read
minds, whichever is higher. The Storyteller should describe
the target's thoughts in an unstructured style. It is up to the
player to pick up upon what is useful and what is not. This art
costs 2 points of Angst and a point of Being. Additionally, if
the spectre dips directly into the raw passions of a person's
mind, the player must make a Being roll or become Rapa-
cious. It will cost the character another temporary Being point
not to Emote if the Being roll fails.

Hive-Mind

5| ould you listen to a sleeping Malfean's dreams,
whisper thoughts without speaking, or hear the
screams of a tortured wraith's Harrowing
echoing in another spectre's mind? I can teach
you these things. I can train you to remember
4} skills you have never leamed, let alone forgot-
ten.

This Dark Arcanos is the basis of the mass-mind of spec-
tres. With high levels of this Dark Arcanos, a spectre can
know anything and everything any other spectre knows, even
from times long past. Knowledge lingers in the Hive-Mind
long after the spectre responsible for introducing such knowl-
edge has succumbed to the tide of Oblivion.

Basic Abilities

Distress Signal: This art allows the spectre to send out
a non-verbal cry of alarm through the Hive-Mind if threat-
ened. No message, other than the character's fear and alarm,
is conveyed by the cry.

System: The player must make a roll of Manipulation +
Hive-Mind (difficulty 6). For each success rolled, one spectre
hears the cry of alarm, arriving shortly thereafter via a nihil
or through use of Arcanos to offer assistance.

* Silent Whispers

The spectre can send a telepathic message to any other
spectre that is in the character's line of sight. The character
cannot receive a response to this message unless the receiv-
ing spectre also has the Hive-Mind Dark Arcanos.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Hive-Mind (dif-
ficulty 7). This art costs one point of Angst. One short sen-
tence can be spoken per success gained. A botch causes the
character to lose contact with the Hive-Mind for the next turn.

« Distant Whispers

The spectre can conduct a two-way telepathic conver-
sation with any spectre personally known to the character,
regardless of the distance that separates them.

System: The player must roll Perception + Hive-Mind
(difficulty 8). One short sentence can be spoken per success
gained. A botch causes the character to lose contact with the
Hive-Mind for the next turn. This art costs one Angst to use.

«Recall the Known

With this ability, the spectre begins to truly plumb the
depths of the Hive-Mind. Recall the Known allows the char-
acter to access information with which the spectre is vaguely
familiar, but may have forgotten, or may have only learned in
passing.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Hive-Mind (dif-
ficulty 8). Each success rolled means that one piece of infor-
mation is recalled. If a botch is rolled, the character cannot
employ Hive-Mind for a number of rounds equal to the num-
ber of botches. This art costs one Angst.

+ Recall the Unknown

This art allows the character almost complete access to
the Hive-Mind. Using Recall the Unknown allows a spectre to
"remember" the thoughts and memories of other spectres, even
those who have long ago been claimed by the Void. The an-
swers to riddles, locations of long-lost hoards and other infor-
mation can be dredged up from the Hive-Mind using this art.

System: A roll of Wits + Hive-Mind must be made by
the player (difficulty 8). Each success rolled indicates the
number of turns the character "remembers" the desired infor-
mation. A botch causes the character to forget his knowl-
edge of Hive-Mind for the remainder of the scene. This art
costs two Angst to employ. Note that characters cannot draw
upon unknown knowledge of the Arcanoi with this level of
Hive-Mind.


ory

This level of Hive-Mind allows a spectre to drawn any
information imaginable from the mass consciousness of spec-
tre society, even Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi.

System: The player rolls Perception + Hive-Mind (diffi-
culty 9). Only one Arcanos or Dark Arcanos can be learned
with each attempt, to a level equal to the character's Percep-
tion. Each success rolled indicates the number of rounds that
the character retains possession of the drawn-upon Arcanoi.
A botch means that the character forgets all her Arcanoi and
Dark Arcanoi for the remainder of the scene. This art costs 2
Angst and 1 temporary Being, and grants the Psyche one point
of temporary Composure.

Contaminate

Uthat lives must die, and even the inanimate
decays and rusts. If you could look at the
world through my eyes, you would see
Oblivion as you have never seen it before,
4] everywhere, its stamp on every surface,
branded into every soul.

The Dark Arcanos Contaminate is similar to the wraith
Arcanos Castigate, in that it allows the user to commune with
the Shadow. Similarities end there. Contaminate is used by
spectres to commune with the Shadows of wraiths, and to
water and harvest the seeds of Oblivion contained within all
mortal and immortal souls. This is one of the most feared and
admired Dark Arcanoi, as it allows spectres to damn others
by infecting them with Oblivion.

Basic Abilities

Perceive Contamination: This ability allows the spectre
to perceive the black light which is the evidence of Oblivion
in living — and thus dying — creatures. By using this ability,
the spectre will be able to perceive mortals in whom Oblivion
is strong by the black light escaping from them, even if she
cannot actually see the mortal in question through the Shroud.

System: The player must roll Perception + Contami-
nate versus the difficulty of the local Shroud (which is always
one level higher for spectres than it is for wraiths) in order to
successfully perceive any black light auras which may exist in
her locale. If a botch is rolled, the spectre is blinded by
Oblivion for the next round.


Sense the Shadow: With little effort, a spectre can look
at a wraith and see the Shadow lurking within. This ability
lets the spectre observe the Shadow and gain some idea of its
Archetype. Of course, the wraith must be visible to the char-
acter at the time.

System: To activate Sense the Shadow, the character
must succeed at Perception + Contaminate (difficulty 6).
With one success, the spectre can see the faint stain of the
Shadow on the wraith's Corpus. Two successes indicates that
the Shadow is clearly visible, and that the character has a
vague idea of its Angst rating (stronger than the character's
own, about the same as the character's own, or weaker than
the character's own current Angst rating). With four or more
successes, the spectre knows the Shadow's exact Angst rating
and also the Shadow's Archetype.

* Shadowspeech

This art allows a character to speak directly to a wraith's
Shadow, even when it is not dominating the wraith. The
Shadow speaks with the wraith's own voice, who can attempt
to resist the process.

System: To successfully speak with the target's Shadow,
the spectre must succeed in a resisted action, matching the
character's Manipulation + Contaminate versus the oppos-

Dark Reflections: Spectres

ing wraith's Manipulation + Castigate. The difficulty is that
of the opponent's level in the appropriate Arcanos. Each suc-
cess allows the character to ask the Shadow one question, or
tell it one sentence. This art costs 1 Angst.

~ Sense Nature

The spectre can determine the Nature of a wraith by look-
ing for its dark reflection cast in Shadow. The Shadow does
not actively assist the spectre with this process.

System: The player must succeed at Intelligence + Con-
taminate (difficulty 6). This art costs 1 Angst.

"Transfer Anest

By exerting his will, the character can transfer his own
Angst toa visible wraith's Shadow. The wraith must be within
line of sight for this transfer to take place.

System: Ifa roll of Stamina + Contaminate versus a dif-
ficulty of the target's Willpower succeeds, the spectre may
transfer as many points of her own Angst to the wraith's
Shadow as successes rolled. If the character botches, the wraith
becomes immediately aware of the spectre's presence and its
failed intention. This art costs 1 Angst. In addition, a tempo-
rary Composure point is gained for each success.

Or OD ES

~" WO SE, Vo=
y = ——
Nar


By psychically watering the ashen soil of a Shadow's mind,
the spectre can encourage new Thorns to grow with which to
bedevil the wraith's Psyche.

System: The player must succeed on a roll of Charisma
+ Contaminate (difficulty 8). Each success rolled allows the
target Shadow to permanently manifest a previously latent
Thorn. A Shadow may be considered to have a number of
latent Thorns equal to its permanent Angst rating minus the
number of Thorns it already possesses. A botch causes the
Shadow to lose one already manifested Thorn. It costs the
spectre 2 Angst to use this art.

Call the Shadow

By means of this much-respected art, the spectre can drag
a wraith's Shadow to the surface, allowing it to attempt a
Catharsis roll and take control, even if the Shadow's tempo-
rary Angst score is less than its host's permanent Willpower.

System: With a roll of Strength + Contaminate (diffi-
culty 9, or the wraith's Willpower, whichever is higher), and
the expenditure of 2 Angst points and 1 point of Being, the
spectre can successfully call forth an opponent's Shadow. If
the character rolls a botch, both Shadow and spectre lose an
additional point of Angst, and the Shadow is stunned into
silence for the remainder of the scene.

Larceny

You are Oblivion's servant, it is true, but none say you must
always serve It faithfully. In Its service you decay; the winds of
limbo tear at and savage your Corpus. Surely it is in Oblivion's
interests if you last long enough to see Oblivion prosper?

With this Dark Arcanos, Spectres can stave off their rapid
demise. Larceny allows characters to restore their Corpus, and
thus slow the descent into the Void. It is a dangerous Arcanos,
attracting the condemnation of many Malfeans, as well as
strengthening every Spectre's own worst enemy — the Psyche
— when used. Larceny also conveys a greater understanding
of the nature of Oblivion, and allows the character to ma-
nipulate it, using its entropic effects to steal strength from
others and infect them with Oblivion in the process.

Weigh Oblivion: With this art a spectre can determine
how strong Oblivion is in another creature, be they mortal,
supernatural or another spectre.

System: The player must roll Wits + Larceny. The diffi-
culty is that of the target's Willpower. Success indicates that
the spectre knows the level of that creature's highest Passion
or Dark Passion in relation to its own Being (stronger than,
weaker than or about the same).

* Steal Corpus

By touching another spectre or a wraith, the character
may steal the target's Corpus. The energy transferred mani-
fests as the black light of Oblivion, strengthening and inten-
sifying the spectre's own dark aura.

System: The character must roll Manipulation + Lar-
ceny against a difficulty of the target's Willpower. The num-
ber of successes indicates the number of Corpus points sto-
len. For every two Corpus points the spectre successfully
drains, he recovers one lost dot of Corpus, up to his maxi-
mum. Note that this art does not heal Corpus lost directly
through Oblivion (botches), only Corpus lost through gen-
eral wear and tear. This art costs one Angst to use.

« Emotional infection

This art allows the character to implant Dark Passions
in the minds of others, be they mortal or supernatural, and
increase those Dark Passions already present. The spectre must
be able to see the person she wishes to infect, or whose Pas-
sions she wishes to increase, in order to use this art. Emo-
tional Infection is the means by which many spectres prey
upon mortals, gradually tainting them and furthering the ad-
vance of Oblivion. When Emotional Infection causes one or
more of the target's Passions to equal the spectre's Being, Ra-
paciousness often follows.

System: The player must expend 1 Angst point and roll
on Manipulation + Larceny (against a difficulty of the local
Shroud, or the target's Willpower, whichever is greater) in
order to successfully implant an emotion. It requires 3 suc-
cesses in an extended contest to create a new Dark Passion,
while once the Dark Passion exists each success indicates the
number of points by which an existing Passion has been in-
creased.

Chapter Two: Spectres as Characters 41

Savor Agony

This art allows the character to draw Angst from the pain
she inflicts on others, mortal or supernatural.

System: Whenever the character successfully inflicts an
aggravated wound upon another character, she may attempt
to roll Strength + Larceny against a difficulty of the target's
Being or Willpower. Success allows the character to gain one
point of Angst per level of aggravated damage she causes.
This art costs no Angst unless the character botches, in which
case she loses as many points of Angst as botches rolled.

+ Withstand Oblivion

This Dark Arcanos allows spectres to heal that damage
inflicted by Oblivion (botches), which can be healed in no
other way. This art is dangerous, in that its strengthens the
che every time it is used, and so is employed
only in dire need by all but the most insane of spectres.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Larceny (difficulty
8). Each success rolled allows the spectre to heal a correspond-
ing level of Oblivion-inflicted damage. This art costs 2 Angst,
and additionally gives the character's Psyche a point of tem-
porary Composure.

ov Del lon

When employed successfully, this art allows a character
to transfer the effects of Oblivion onto another character or
creature. By defying Oblivion, spectres deny their own na-
ture, and thus strengthen their Psyche. Like the previous level
of this Arcanos, Defy Oblivion is only used in times of dire
need by the majority of spectres. It is through this art, and
others like it, that the Malfeans have maintained their king-
doms for countless ye

character's P:

System: Immediately upon rolling a botch, the player
must roll Charisma + Larceny (difficulty 9). If this roll is suc-
cessful, the character may attempt to transfer the destructive
effects of Oblivion from himself to another character or crea-
ture in line of sight. If the character can succeed in an op-
posed Being versus Willpower roll (difficulty of the opponent's
Willpower), the target loses Corpus (or Health Levels if not
a wraith or spectre) equal to the number of botches originally
rolled. If the roll fails, the character loses Corpus as normal.
An additional botch on any of these two rolls means that the
spectre loses twice as many points of Corpus as initially indi-
cated, This art costs 2 points of Angst and 2 temporary Being
's to activa ind earns the spectre's Psyche two tempo-
rary points of Composure.

Dramatic Systems

Becoming a Spectre

hen a wraith is claimed by her Shadow
she becomes a spectre. This metamorpho-
sis is much more complex than a simple
physical transformation. The wraith's (or
in the case of Mortwights, mortal's) per-
sonality and psychological makeup, as well
as their Corpus, are completely dissolved
and rebuilt. The details of this process vary from spectre to
spectre. Some spectres emerge as monstrosities, their Corpus
scalded and stretched during the transformation. Others seem
unharmed, save for the evidence of their death engraved per-
manently upon their spiritual form. Among the variables that
affect the outcome are the wraith's Nature and Demeanor
and the Shadow's archetype, but the basics of the transfor-
mation remain the same.

When the Shadow's permanent Angst reaches 10, or when
the character is claimed by Oblivion in some other way, she
loses consciousness and is dragged down into the Tempest. The
spectre-to-be lies dormant as a dark cocoon is extruded around
her form, precipitated from the very stuff of the Tempest itself.
This cocoon, glossy and semi-translucent, gradually hardens and
rises slowly to the surface of the Tempest, there to float until it
is found by some traveler, be it spectre or wraith. There is no
loving parent to lick the newborn spectre clean when it emerges
from its cocoon, only the unfeeling, unthinking arms of Oblivion
waiting to embrace them after their short time is done.

(0\ \o} fy

It is a well-known fact that most spectres cannot break
out of their own cocoons. Those who do are always figures of
great import and destiny, such as General Coldheart. For a
character to break out of his own cocoon requires the spectre
to succeed at an extended action, requiring 5 successes on a
roll of Strength + Enigmas (Difficulty 9) as he punches and
kicks at the cocoon's substance, always looking for the weak-
est point at which to strike. Any botch indicates that the
cocoon has reformed itself, and the character must start again
from scratch, Even botches rolled in the cocoon cause the
character to lose permanent Corpus. It has been known for
spectres to be destroyed even before they can hatch. Such are
the vagaries of cruel Oblivion.

Most spectres are freed from the confines of their cocoon
by another of their kind. Those unsuspecting wraiths opening
the cocoon of a spectre usually receive an unpleasant surprise.
Occasionally unopened cocoons find their way into the hands
of the Hierarchy or the guilds. They can be sold for many
oboli, although their eventual fate remains a mystery.


The Dark Arcanos Hive-Mind often manifests for the first
time as the character struggles to free himself from his cocoon.
Distress signals flood the Tempest if the character can succeed
onaroll of Manipulation + Hive-Mind (Difficulty 6), although
at such an early stage of the spectre's existence these signals
are liable to be weak and intermittent. Other spectres close to
the cocoon perceive such calls for help as a constant nagging
signal. It is usually from a desire to stop what is perceived as an
irritation, not from any parental instinct, that spectres arrive
to act as midwives and assist the new spectre's birth.

Sometimes an individual spectre will simply tear the co-
coon open upon discovering it. Cocoons are easily ruptured from
without, sustaining only 5 levels of damage before splitting open.
Atother times, if several spectres have answered the birth-cries
of the cocooned spectre, they will play violent games with the
cocoon until it cracks. The new spectre emerges weak, disori-
ented and drenched in a viscous, jelly-like plasm, its mind af-
fected drastically by the experience. None can remember pre-
cisely what occurs in the cocoon of Oblivion, but all spectres
emerge screaming. It is supposed by many that Oblivion whis-
pers to the new recruit, driving them mad and fanning their
hate, jealousy or whatever Dark Passion seethes closest to the
surface. Others decry such talk as puerile, claiming that Oblivion
isnot a sentient being, but is instead a force, akin to entropy or
radiation, which mutates and distorts the plasm of the spectre.
These spectres argue that it is the pain of the process, the pain
of birth, that caused them to be born giving cry to their agony.

Byway Robbery

Byways are the only stable path through the Tempest, and
are traveled by many wraiths. Emissaries of all factions make
their way from Hierarch Necropolis to Dark Kingdom outpost,
Renegade fortress to Heretic shrine via the byways. These pas-
sages offer spectres an ideal way of attacking their enemies when
they are most vulnerable. Although some spectres carry the fight
into the Citadels, it is far easier to assault wraiths when they
venture into spectre territory. All byways cross the Tempest,
and for this reason offer spectres their best chances for success-
ful assault and byway robbery. The Dark Arcanos Tempest-
Weaving provides a means of opening nihils even in the most
well-traveled byway. Any number of spectres can swarm forth
from a nihil in moments by employing the art Wormhole.

Other spectres might wish to lurk off the byway in the
Tempest itself and pounce out upon travelers. Spectres at-
tacking in this manner gain 5 extra dice on their Initiative
roll of Wits + Alertness (Difficulty 4), as their chance of sur-
prising an opponent is considerably higher than normal.
Where the Tempest resembles a turbulent sea, spectres can
burst from the waves to drag wraiths from their vessels, pro-
vided that they can overcome their target in a contested roll
of Strength + Brawl, or even, steering relic ships of their own,
ram a vessel, sink it and send all aboard to the deeps.

Dopplegangers excel at byway ambushes by virtue of their
proficiency in the Arcanos Moliate. Transforming their vis-
ages to resemble wraiths offers these spectres an excellent way
of slipping in among traveling groups and attacking them
when they are unprepared. Sometimes a spectre desires to
remain incognito for a time, perhaps for the duration of the
entire journey. If the spectre intends to infiltrate the citadel
that is the group's destination, she could creep up on the strag-
glers, drag them silently away and take their place beside their
unsuspecting companions.

Haunting a Mortal

Spectres most often employ the Larceny art Emotional
Infection to implant and nurture those Dark Passions exist-
ing within mortals. These mortals generally draw the atten-
tion of a spectre employing Perceive Contamination. As lev-
els of Dark Passion grow, the mortal victims become corre-
spondingly aggressive, cruel, fearful or homicidal, until finally
they go berserk. Often spectres Emote during this time. Those
spectres with access to traditional Arcanoi, such as Embody
and Pandemonium, delight in presenting every standard
haunting trick and more besides. Translucent figures, cold
spots, bad dreams, bleeding paintings, poltergeist activity and
blood-curdling screams in the night are all standard spectre
devices for terrorizing mortals.

Many spectres, particularly Doppelgangers and Striplings,
delight in competing among themselves to determine who is
the most deadly trickster. In a similar manner, spectres also
increase the level of Oblivion present in a given area, such as
their Haunt, by means of Shroud-Rending. The nihils which
form where this Dark Arcanos is practiced taint the physical
area with decay. This becomes evident even in the Skinlands,
where areas haunted by spectres become desolate and
shunned, slowly rotting away.

infiltrating a Necropolis

Generally it is Doppelgangers who lead covert spectre
incursions into Necropoli. Doppelgangers can pass as wraiths
and are skilled in Arcanoi. A common ploy of Doppelganger
agents is to arrive at a Necropolis offering services in a rare
Arcanos, such as Usury or Mnemosynis. The spectre estab-
lishes himself as a provider of this commodity in return for
information from his clients. In such a way a spectre can learn
a great deal about the wraiths of the Necropolis, their
strengths, prejudices and weaknesses. Small numbers of un-
dercover Doppelgangers are present in almost every
Necropolis, sowing dissent and gathering information so that
when a large group of marauding spectres arrives, their tal-
ents can be directed to greatest effect. These agents often
contact wraiths who are close to Oblivion, attempting to re-
cruit them (and their Shadows) to the cause.

B 3


apter Three:
pectres and the Storyteller

Reflection in someone's eye

Is all I see

I sometimes hate myself

I sometimes hate myself

I look into the future

Darkness lies ahead

A shadow of a man that once was
A shadow of a man that was

— Ikon, "Condemnation"

Mood and atmosphere are of paramount importance
when running a chronicle in which spectres are the main
characters. The sense of decay which permeates the
Shadowle

s needs to be drastically emphasized, as does the
unique nature of spectral existence. Spectres are doomed,
decaying in the service of Oblivion, but if they try to resist
their fate, they risk strengthening their repressed Psyche and
of rot is inte-

thus weakening themselves. The atmosphe:
gral to spectre chronicles, but good chronicles are composed
of many elements, of which decay is only one.

Hements of Spectre Chroicles

blivion taints everything; not even the
characters are free from its ravages. Spec-
tres are short-lived; so too should be a
spectre chronicle. It is the role of the Sto-
ryteller to imbue her chronicle with a
sense of passionate urgency in order to
display this central motif. The true chal-
lenge for the Storyteller comes in balancing the two central
aspects of spectres, contrasting the despairing taint of Oblivion
with the frenetic nature of a spectre's existence. As well as

Chapter Three: Spectres and the Storyteller 45

(}
0
Q
,
I)
0
f
Q


the central theme and mood of Dark Reflections: Spectres,
several other elements should be considered when running a
spectre chronicle. These are discussed briefly below.

Decay

Spectres' perceptions are clouded by Oblivion. Everything
they see is rotten, decayed, bereft of life. The Shadowlands
are always dark; the sun is never seen. The only light spectres
see is the black light of Oblivion, and in its glow the
Shadowlands and the Tempest are revealed as decayed hells.
When running a spectre campaign, the Storyteller should
ensure that his descriptions of the drear and desolate world of
spectres are fully realized. The Storyteller is the eyes and ears
of the characters; for the players to feel completely at ease
with their characters, the world those characters move through
must be consistent, believable and above all, grim.

Your descriptions should make full use of the shadows,
cobwebs, broken glass and burned-out buildings, fog, rain and
deathly dryness which abound in the spectral perception of
the Shadowlands. There are few other signs of life; the only
other inhabitants are wraiths, for spectres are so removed from
the world that people and animals are mostly invisible to them.
Plant life can be glimpsed here and there, but the gnarled
trees that spectres see are always devoid of greenery, their
limbs and trunks blackened and scabrous, and the only grass
to be seen is dead and dry, coarse strands rustling and whis-
pering in the dank breeze between cracks in the pavement.
Unpaved earth is invariably bare, blasted by frost or scorched
by fire. Ashes and sleet drift past whenever it is not raining.
The Tempest contrasts to this bleak nightmare as a storm-
wracked sea of slick, towering waves, shrieking winds and
ragged banks of clouds the color of static.

Horr or

In Wraith, horror comes from being alienated and sepa-
rated from the world of the living, and from the knowledge
that one's Shadow is waiting to take control the moment you
relax your guard. Spectres are unconcerned by such fears.
Where then is the horror in a spectre chronicle?

Part of the horror present in Dark Reflections comes
from the knowledge that you are playing a monster. That in
itself should give any player reason to pause. Spectres are truly
malevolent beings and should not be taken lightly. The point
of playing a spectre is not to become over-exposed to brutal-
ity and evil to the point where it no longer disturbs you. Be-
coming blasé about mindless brutality, carnage and slaughter
is not the purpose of this book. Should your players reach
such a point, then that is horrible indeed and may signal that
it is time for them to take a break from roleplaying.

A more enjoyable form of horror comes from the tran-
sient nature of a spectre's existence. Spectres rarely get any-

46 Dark Reflections: Spectres

where before Oblivion claims them. Day by day decay chips
away at their Corpus; even as they serve Oblivion it devours
them. Reminding your players of this facet of their existence
should open up new avenues of horror in your campaign. Spec-
tres are truly doomed, struggle as they may, and spectres can
even become caught up in one another's death, as nihils open
to drag them down to the Void. It is in this central flaw of
spectral existence that horror can be found, as well as the
more generalized fear generated by the decayed world spec-
tres inhabit.

Themes

A theme draws the many background elements of a story
into a coherent whole. Without a theme a chronicle lacks
cohesion, depth and direction. A chronicle with theme takes
on a status equivalent to a Hollywood epic or a best-selling
novel. Chronicles where spectres are the protagonists need
themes as much as any Wraith games. The following themes
are suggestions only, provided to prompt your own mind into
creating the central premise which binds your game. You may
wish to consider one of them as the theme for your chronicle.
Alternatively the themes given might suggest new themes,
not listed here, as alternatives.

Destruction

This is a common theme for spectres. As agents of en-
tropy, spectres are responsible for tearing down individuals,
their beliefs and the world they dwell in. A chronicle with
destruction as its theme may focus on the devastation of a
particular Necropolis, with the separate stories making up the
chronicle concerned with infiltrating the city and determin-
ing the weaknesses of its wraiths, humiliating a Hierarchy
agent, highjacking a Stygian transport before it arrives at the
Citadel, and an outright attack on the Necropolis culminat-
ing in a Maelstrom which tears down the Citadel walls. The
theme may relate to personal destruction, as in the case of a
chronicle where the characters are engaged in a campaign of
spreading disbelief and disillusionment, in which case stories
will concern mortals and the Skinlands, perhaps including
scenes set at a Skinlands university or involving deluded cult-
ists and pawns. Destruction has wide-ranging apects, and the
inventive Storyteller should have little problem determining
the direction of a chronicle with this as its theme.

Despair

A potent theme, but one fitting for exploration employ-
ing the short, sharp framework of spectre chronicles. What
could drive spectres, already creatures of wild passion, to de-
spair? Failure to destroy the world has not caused spectres to
stop trying thus far, so how might such creatures become de-

0 RL

pn
A WoO


spairing of their task, perhaps even their entire existence?
Might it be the mass suicide of every spectre in the Void that
is needed to bring about the end of the world? No matter
what the characters do they are doomed. Oblivion will eat
away at them, or their Psyche will hound them. Even if they
just sit back and watch, entropy will devour the universe, send-
ing Skinlands, Shadowlands, Tempest, Umbra, all plummet-
ing into the Void. How do spectres, especially the characters,
react in the face of such hopelessness? Do they riot? Seek to
amuse themselves by playing games with mortals, or by war-
ting among the dead? Such a theme raises many questions,
and may lend itself to the Storyteller with a philosophical
bent. A chronicle with despair as its theme might include
many personal set-backs for the characters, and perhaps even
consist entirely of stories in which their every action causes
them to spiral further downward toward the Void. Oblivion
would usually be the climax of such a chronicle, but must it

always be? The inventive Storyteller is invited to peruse this
and other such questions derived from a chronicle of despair.

chronicles

pectre chronicles should be hard and fast,
dealing with one specific theme or issue,
with the Storyteller taking care to ensure
that the action does not get slowed down
by unnecessary detail and steers away from
€4) complicated sub-plots. The best spectre

chronicle is focused, intense and short,
ideally no longer than four to six se
unique style of roleplaying makes for a frantically memorable

ions duration. This

chronicle, as the Storyteller pulls out all the stops and races
hell-for-leather towards the dramatic climax.

chronicle Concepts
Conquering The Necropolis

This might be viewed as the archetypal spectre chronicle.
The span of the chronicle tells the efforts of the characters to
ult and destroy a Necropolis. What is the Ren-
egades role in such an attack? Can they be manipulated into
s' work for them? And how are the Heretics

infiltrate, as:

doing the spectr:

involved — sudden allies of the Hierarchy in the face of con-
certed spectre attack, or sheep for the slaughter? The intrica
cies of such a chronicle are partially solved for the Storyteller
if she bases her chronicle in a setting such as Necropolis:

Atlanta which presents the non-spectre side all ready for ac-
tion. It remains for the Storyteller to detail the spectres' ranks,
including traitors, potential enemies and allies, and just how
the assault will happen.


Dak Passions

An effective chronicle could be constructed by center-
ing each story around a particular Dark Passion. Stories would
come from the Dark Passions of each of the characters, and
certain stories might focus on particular characters. Such a
chronicle would rely on thematic coherence rather than a
solid and logical plot for its structure and direction, and might
be dreamlike or surreal in execution.

The War To End All Wars

This chronicle tells the characters' attempts to destroy
the world. The spectres should certainly find themselves tan-
gling with the Hierarchy, as well as running up against Her-
etic cults and Renegade gangs. Other supernaturals, such as
vampires and werewolves, might play a role in the chronicle.
Perhaps the characters are manipulating Sabbat vampires into
triggering Gehenna, or deluding Black Spiral Dancers into
believing that their pronouncements are the word of the
Wyrm. How far are the characters prepared to go for their
dream?

in The Beginning

In this complicated chronicle, which should have two
completely separate sets of themes and moods, the characters
begin death as wraiths, as per the normal rules in Wraith:
The Oblivion. Due to unavoidable events, a steady decline
or circumstances beyond their control, halfway through the
chronicle the characters become spectres and are reborn ac-
cording to the rules in this book. In the second part of the
chronicle, the character relate to their Fetters, contacts and
wraith associates in a new, different and possibly deadly way.
The characters may also learn new Arcanoi, become involved
with the politics of the Mortwights and Striplings, and other-
wise become enmeshed in spectral society as the chronicle
plays itself out.

Live Very Fast, ie Very Young

The characters in this chronicle are Striplings. Their brief
mortal life is over far too soon, and (possibly with a brief stop-
over in the Shadowlands on the way) they find themselves
infants in the Labyrinth, mocked by Shades and ignored by
Nephwracks. This chronicle should emphasize the fever-pitch
mood of spectrehood to an insane degree. Everything about
the plot, as the characters go out haunting mortal children
and hopefully scaring them to death, (perhaps encountering
a vengeful witch-hunter or maternal Garou along the way,
with a little Tempestuous politics thrown in for good mea-
sure) should be delivered in a rapid-paced series of short, sharp
shocks.

fe

aS
VS
i eaTTOATT

Oblivion Wants To he Freel

This chronicle focuses on the characters as agents of
Oblivion, and explores the nature of Oblivion itself. The Sto-
ryteller must decide how to interpret Oblivion: a sentient
being; an inexorable force comprised of and strengthened by
the spread of violence, despair and disbelief throughout the
world; something insatiable but incarnate, all-devouring and
unstoppable. A major focus in such a chronicle might be the
Haunt of the characters, where the growing power of Oblivion
increasingly makes Its presence known, and where It can be
personified and active appropriately. The Haunt could be an
apartment building, crumbling and graffiti-scarred, in whose
inhabitants the spectre characters slowly fan the flames of
Dark Passions, ripening them before the harvest. Outside el-
ements might conceivably be involved. Oblivion, what Garou
call "the taint of the Wyrm," might become so strong in the
spectres' Haunt that a pack of werewolves arrives to deal with
the spectres. Alternatively, inquisitive mages or agents of the
Arcanum might arrive on the scene, or perhaps even be oc-
cupants of the house from the very beginning.

Prophets of Oblivion

In this demanding chronicle, players take on the roles of
Malfeans and direct the course of spectral society and the
cult of Oblivion. This chronicle might take place over cen-
turies of game time, as the Malfeans wake to enact their com-
mands and doctrines, then return to their slumber for decades.
Utilizing this chronicle structure may well allow the Story-
teller to present the final onrush of Oblivion (Gehenna, the
Apocalypse, etc.). Entire stories may be told as dreams. Sto-
ties might involve the manipulation of human cults, chal-
lenges from other Malfeans, ambitious Nephwracks, vampire
Methuselahs or even the much-feared Antediluvians. Pow-
erful Angelics and other inhabitants of the Tempest might
also make appearances in this chronicle, which is probably
best suited to the ambitious and cataclysmic-loving Story-
teller. Although higher-powered than many people might be
comfortable with, this chronicle also presents unprecedented
opportunities for roleplaying and Storytelling, as the destiny
of the Shadowlands is played out.

Stories

tories are the adventures that make up a
chronicle, the meat in the sandwich. Al-
though the direction of a chronicle is de-
Si | termined primarily by its theme, the indi-

}|| vidual stories should not be so constrained.
fa) Stories can have a narrow focus (the char-


acters haunt a particular location) or a broader one (they scare
amortal to death, then have to deal with the vengeful wraith
hunting them down). Stories can overlap, or be self-contained.
It is recommended that a spectre chronicle contain no more

than four to six stories, all of which should have some bearing

on one another, in order to ensure that the chronicle con-

forms to that hard-n-fast school of spectre style.

Mood

Each story may have a different mood, sometimes one akin
to that of the overall theme in the case of a story which forms
an integral part of the chronicle, sometimes a mood which is

radically different. Dark Reflections has many moods: fear, hate,

envy, malice —as many as spectres have Dark Passions. A story's

mood should permeate the s ions tha

story takes

ssion or s

to play out, just as a theme underlies the chronicle. The use of
lighting effects to convey mood is strongly urged, such as candles,
spotlights or dim red lighting. Music is also a boon to the Sto-

ryteller; a haunting saxophone solo or a hammering, abrasive

industrial track can lend that particular, needed edge. Other
props, such as incense, perfume, flowers or other olfactory mood
triggers, might
thor recommends that Storytellers steer away from attempting

so be considered, although the principal au-

to convey a decayed mood in such a fashion.

Hate

A story whose mood is hate should pit char

ter against
character as well as present an array of antagonistic oppo-
nents. The mood should be present in the portrayal of the

Tempest, howling storms that seem almost alive, and in the

actions of those the che

cters meet, such as vengeful wraiths
out to exterminate them.

fear

Fear motivates many spectres, and is an excellent mood

for spectre stories. Such a s

ory might highlight a spectre's
fear of his Psyche, or a more pervasive fear of the Void, the

hungry maw which will eventually swallow the characters.
Fear of the Void may motivate the villain of the story (such

as a Nephwrack who seeks to stave off his dissolution at the

cost of the characters' existence), while fear of the spectres

themselves could also bring other entities, such as Garou or

Kindred, into conflict with the ch;

Madness

Highly appropriate as a mood for a spectre story is mad-

cters.

ness. Seen from the perspective of wraiths, spectres are mad.

avior as a mirror

49

Such a story might hold up the spectres' bel

Chapter Three: Spectres and the Storyteller

Dark Reflections: Spectres

oO e=Z —<

bs

to the players, revealing what monsters they have chosen to
play. A story based on the theme of madness might also run
in such a way that rewards irrational thinking, showing that
insanity can be a gift as well as a curse.

isolation

A story with this mood may concern the spectres drag-
ging themselves back from the Void through distant and un-

explored sections of the Labyrinth, with nothing familiar to
be seen. The Shadowlands are also a perfect setting for a story
of isolation, as to the characters' eyes the Shadowlands are
an empty wasteland of rot and age run riot.

Story Concepts

Many kinds of stories are possible in spectre chronicles,
although those roleplayers fond of gentle games of sweet mel-
ancholy may not find playing spectres to their liking. Spectre
stories tend to be sharp-edged and ugly, tales of violence and
cruelty, mob mentality and vicious spectacle. From the roar
ing edge of the Void to the soul-steel walls of Stygia, spectre
stories have a wide range and limitless possibilities. Spectre
should above all be short and nasty, like spectres them-
selves. A variety of story suggestions, which the Storyteller is

storie!

urged to ignore or alter as he sees fit, are listed below.

ANiking

The spectres go soul-surfing across the Tempest, or are
carried on a minor Maelstrom across the Shadowlands. What
adventures are they caught up in along the way, and what
other entities are trapped within the storm as it s? Where
does the storm deposit the characters, and how will they get
back to the Labyrinth from there? Are their surroundings one
of the strange Shifting Zones of the Sea of Shadows? What
happens if the characters find themselves tossed aboard the
Midnight Express?

Reconnaissance and Reverence

A wpical day in the Labyrinth begins with the characters
seeping from where they have been Slumbering in the glacial

walls, answering the summons of a Nephwrack factor and pre-
senting themselves in the chambers of a hibernating Malfean.
As the gargantuan
snores behind the characters, the factor explains to them their
declared by his master through the Hive-Mind. The
spectres are sent on a reconnai:

ales and hair shivers and

emblage of

duties

ance tour of a distant portion

of the Labyrinth, where the rippling walls seem as fused mer-
hey pass, reflecting views of their

ha asts, cued by their Psyches. What do the characters
PPY Pé y y

cury and the floor quivers

encounter there? Why has the Nephwrack sent them here —


to discover something, to kill them or to have them away from
the Malfean's side when some other plot unfolds? No night is
ever quiet in the Labyrinth.

Object of Worship

After enacting a graphic haunting, the spectres find that
they have become the focus of a minor mortal (or supernatu-
ral) cult. How do the characters react? Will they attempt to
build up their influence, so that the cult rivals that of a
Malfean in terms of influence and destructive potential, or
will they turn the cultists against one another and incite a
bloodbath? And what happens if the real spirit worshipped
by the cult turns up on the scene? Worse yet, if the characters
have been flagrant enough in their activities to build up wor-
shippers, might a witch-hunter not also be on their trail?

Spy Mission

A Malfean commands that the spectres creep in and pose
as wraiths in order to discover certain information. The char-
acters may have to put up with bickering Striplings and an
arrogant Nephwrack as part of their infiltration team. They
will get caught up in the politics of the Restless. All the while
they are hopefully scouting out the Necropolis, spreading
chaos and slowly coming closer to whatever secret they were
sent to uncover in the first place. Does knowing the secret
involve the spectres in something out of their depth? Are
they targeted for dissolution by a rival Malfean, or even their
master, once they've uncovered it?

Jo Hell and Back

The characters are sent to one of the many Hells found
among the Far Realms. The ruler of this particular Hell has
decided to retire, and his valuable collection of souls is up for
sale to the highest bidder. Have the characters been sent to
destabilize the bidding, or are they perhaps there to make an
alliance with the dominant bidders and later betray them,
claiming the souls for Oblivion? In Hell the spectral appear-
ances of the characters will not matter, as they are surrounded
by twisted demons and other nightmarish monstrosities.
Among the various ambassadors are other spectres, wraiths
from Stygia, representatives of other Hells and Heavens, and
perhaps even a Ferryman or two, here to ensure that at least
some of the souls are steered towards Transcendence. Can
the characters navigate a path through such tortuous plots
and triumph?

A Harrowing Day —"the Making of..

The characters are roped in to help an important and
prestigious Nephwrack nightmare-director (who is skilled in
Tempest-Weaving and Phantasm) conduct a Harrowing. This

story will be a behind-the-scenes look at a Harrowing, per-
haps even from a slightly comical perspective. Normally a
Harrowing is experienced from a wraith's perspective, a
smoothly blended succession of nightmare images. This story
reveals the reality of frantic spectres assembling scenery at
the last minute, trawling the Tempest for appropriate plots
and memories, and reshaping themselves with Moliate to take
on the roles of extras. Prima donna antics from the director,
not to mention a victim who will not play by the rules and
bumbling spectre assistants, all make for an entertaining story.

Conflict and Antagonists

Conflict is an intrinsic part of spectre chronicles, given
the nature of spectral existence. Spectres are trying to bring
about the end of the world; naturally there will be people
trying to stop them. Other conflicts arise from the turbulent
and emotional nature of spectral society, and because of the
whims and commands of the Malfeans. When running spec-
tre campaigns, one need never look far for a source of con-
flict and drama, as the following suggestions show.

Spectre versus Wraith

From time to time the Hierarchy masses against spectral
society, sending rank after rank of Legionnaires down into
the Labyrinth to do battle. At all times Stygia is poised to
defend itself from spectral attack, although not always suc-
cessfully. Renegades alternate between allying with spectres
and fighting them at the drop of an obolus. The Heretics too
are to be feared, for more than one Heretic cult has the means
to raise an army of fanatics as ferociously suicidal as any Shade.
Spectres serve to remind wraiths of what it is they can be-
come, and for this reason more than any other, are the focus
of wraiths' hatred and the target of their Stygian steel.

Spectre versus Mortals

Although spectres pride themselves on being the hunt-
ers, sometimes the tables are turned. Mortal parapsycholo-
gists with access to scientific advances may be able to invent
equipment allowing them to take the chase into the
Shadowlands and beyond. The Sons of Tertullian and
Euthanatos have already begun the penetrate the Underworld,
sometimes in number. Supernatural agencies have their own
devices. Ghost-traps are one danger mortals present to spec-
tres; another is the inquisitiveness of such organizations as
the Arcanum. The Inquisition would destroy spectres as de-
monic forces. Mortals should never be underestimated, as more
than one spectre has discovered in the past.

Chapter Three: Spectres and the Storyteller 51


Spectre versus Spectre

Not all threats are external. Spectres have just as much

reason to fear treachery and attack from within their own
ranks as from the outside world. Being creatures totally with-
out mercy or pity, spectres another at
the slightest provocation. As well as motiveless violence for
enjoy intrigue. The plots of Malfeans
+ spectres as pawns, as well as the ploys of

can and do attack on

that enmesh

ambitious Nephwra id Mortwights, offer considerable

scope for conflict in a spectre chronicle.

Spectre versus Psyche

One of the few things feared by a spectre is its Psyche. The

last remnant of it personality to have withstood Oblivion, the

incessant nagging of the Psyche serves to remind the spectre

that it was once human. The Psyche may offer salvation, but at
the c

tween spectre and Psyche is sure to offer considerable drama.

Spectre versus Others

The myriad denizens of the World of Darkness may all
interact with the inhabitants of the Tempest. Spectres may

st of the spectre's own identity. Debate and conflict be-

be combated by Euthanatos mages or Silent Strider Garou

intent on preventing their destruction of the worlds. Alter
rve might be allied

natively, the Malfeans the characters

with Nephandi. The spectres might pose as demons, and be
worshipped by deluded mortals or pursued by corrupt vam-
pires seeking an alliance with them. The Followers of Set
seem to have much in common with spectres and would serve

as fine allies, until such time as the Setites revealed their own

goals, and conflict erupted once again.


pectes asthe foe
Considerations for
racitional Wraith Chronicles

Amid all this confusion

We lose sight of the enemy

Like evil gods of destruction

They move through liquid transparencies.
— Front Line Assembly, "Millenium"

pectres are the most common foes that
wraiths will face. Like wraiths, they are
incorporeal and deathly, inhabiting a
world ravaged by Oblivion and isolated
from the mortal world they once were part
of. Spectres and wraiths share common
perhaps too much, for
ake of thinking of
spectres in mortal terms, and been slain as a result of his mis-
guided comprehension of the inhuman creatures he faced.
Spectres are the dark reflection of wraiths. They remind all
wraiths of their ultimate fate, should they lose contact with
their loved ones or become detached from their Fetters and
their Passions. Oblivion waits at the bottom of the down-

ground aplenty,
more than one wraith has made the mi:

ke the first step easily, often un-
invariably a rapid one.

ward spiral. Most wraiths tz
knowingly, and the des

cen'

Spectres make good enemies in Wraith chronicles — the

interests of wraiths irect conflict.

d spectres are often in
Spectres also represent "the Other." They understand
Oblivion in ways which no wraith can, or would want to.
They are a manifes
awraith's fears and inadequac

ation of the Shadow, the embodiment of

There may also be some-
thing which wraiths find seductive about the apparent free-

dom of spectres. Some wraiths might deliberately abandon

their Fetters and join the ranks of Oblivion, not discovering

their mistake until the irrevocable step is made. Finally, spec-

tres are the howling beasts whose rampages catch wraiths
unawares and literally rend them apart.

All thes
lains in Wraith, but spectres a
wandering monsters of the Tempest. Doppelgangers are skilled
ing as wraiths in most

reasons make spectres prime candidates for vil-

re much more than just the

infiltrators and can be found pos
Necropoli. Through their disguises and Arcanoi, they ma-
nipulate and trick wraith ading them toward:
tion and the Shadow, their true selves. Nephwracks can be

old friends of the characters, horribly warped by Oblivion (but
not quite beyond recognition) come back to haunt them.
Shades are relentless hunters, dogging the characters' every
move once they have a sniff of the characters' Angst. Malfeans
are nemeses, rulers of strange realms to which the wraiths

must someday surely venture. Mortwights are an unknown
force, mysterious and horrifying. Characters should reflect on
how close their own deaths came to transforming them into
Mortwights. Striplings are equally terrible, combining inno-

cence and evil, forcing each wraith to confront her own f

between wraith:
tres, it is quite possible that meaningful relationships of vari-

Because of the deep similariti and spee-

ous kinds might develop between wraith characters and spec-

tres. Perhaps while the spectre believes that he and the

Shadow are dragging the wraith down to Oblivion, the wraith

believes that she and the Psyche are redeeming the spectre.
Perhaps both are correct, perhaps neither. The interactions
of spectre and Shadow, wraith and Psyche should provide
much material for Storyteller-generated plots and adventures.

Spectres are allies of a wraith's Shadow. This is an im-
portant aspect of their significance as enemies. They are inti-
mately connected to that part of herself with which the char-
acter constantly wrestles. Through use of Arcanoi and care-
ful plots, spectres assist Shadows in their struggles, and do
great harm to wraiths. Spectres as the Shadow embodied are
the most frightening adversary a wraith can encounter.

Wraiths that have become spectres make poignant and
interesting Storyteller characters and adversaries. Wherever
there is a nihil or a Shadow, a spectre is sure to lurk. Their
plots and machinations, grand aims and deadly games ensure
spectres a memorable role in every Wraith chronicle, regard-
less of whether spectres play the roles of heroes or foes.

Systems

his section discusses character traits and
how they may change during the progres-
sion of a spectre chronicle, through means
the

of experience and learning, as wel
effects of damage and decay.

‘
Being

As discussed in Chapter Two, a spectre's Being trait de-
termines the character's strength of will, and also its core
emotional nature. Being differs from Willpower in that Be-
ing is determined by and linked to Passions. A spectre's high-
est Dark Passion determines both the essence of the spectre's
Being (i.e. Hate, Lust, Despair) as well as its initial rating (1-
5). Although Passions cannot be higher than 5 dots, Being

53

Chapter Three: Spectres and the Storyteller


has a maximum of 10. Whenever a spectre encounters a mor-
tal or wraith with a Passion of the same essence of its Being,
the spectre must make a Being roll (rolling as many dice as it
has permanent Being) or become Rapacious. A Rapacious
spectre attacks the target by Emoting.

Emoting

Emoting is an attack launched by a Rapacious spectre
against the permanent Willpower of a wraith or mortal, trig-
gered by the spectre's Being. A successful Emote drains the
target of permanent Willpower, and increases the spectre's
Being by an equal amount. To Emote, the spectre must over-
come the target's Willpower with its Being in a resisted roll.
Each success rolled by the spectre that is not canceled out by
the target's successes equals the number of points of Will-
power that the spectre drains. Mortals, who often have only
a few points of Willpower, can often be killed by an Emoting
spectre. Their bodies, when found, appear to have died of
fright or some similarly intense emotion.

Experientce

Spectres live accelerated lives. Often a chronicle will see
at least half the characters devoured by Oblivion before it
ends, For this reason, spectres gain more experience points
than wraiths do. It is also easier for spectres to increase their
traits. In this manner, players can watch their characters de-
velop and grow, even within the limited framework of a spec-
tre chronicle.

Awarding Experience Points
End of Each Chapter

Award each character one to five experience points at
the end of each chapter (game session) in your chronicle,
under the following guidelines. Note that all of these points
do not have to be given out at the end of each individual
session, and indeed doing so may create characters that grow
to be too powerful, too quickly. A five-point session should
be a rare thing indeed.

One point — Automatic: Each player gets at least one
point after every game session.

One point — Learning Curve: The character learned
something from her experiences during the chapter. Ask the
player to describe what his character learned before you award
the points.

One point — Roleplaying: The player roleplayed well
— not just entertainingly, but appropriately. Award this point
of experience for exceptional roleplaying only.

One point — Concept: The player acted out her character's
concept very well. This point should be given out sparingly.

One point — Heroism: When the character risks him-
self for others, give him an extra experience point. Note that
heroic acts do not include those made while Rapacious, as
the spectre is not in control of his own acts during such times.

End of Each Story

Atthe culmination of each individual story which makes
up the chronicle, you can assign additional experience points
to the characters on top of those described above. Again, these
points are strictly optional, and it is not mandated that they
be awarded.

Two points — Success: The characters completed the
story in a way the Storyteller deems a success, even if was not
the ending she had initially envisioned.

Two points — Danger: The character experienced great
danger during the story and survived. Some Storytellers may
consider these two points redundant and not award them,
considering the constant threat of Oblivion under which spec-
tres act.

Two points — Wisdom: The character displayed great
resourcefulness and inventiveness when dealing with the plot,
or came up with a winning idea that should similarly be re-
warded.

One point — Served Oblivion: If the spectre has fur-
thered the cause of Oblivion, especially if at some cost to
herself, the character should be awarded experience.

Experience Chart

Trait Cost
Attribute current rating x 3
New Ability 3

Ability current rating x 2
New Arcanos 6

Arcanoi level of Arcanos x 2
Being current rating

uy and Healing

ike wraiths, spectres are beings composed
of Corpus. While invulnerable to damage
that could cripple or kill a mortal, spec-
tres can still be injured and even de-
stroyed. Unlike wraiths, when a spectre's
| Corpus points reach zero, instead of fall-
ing into the Tempest to be Harrowed,


spectres cease to exist. Their fragmented essence is sucked
into the Void through a nihil, and they may never return to
the Labyrinth. A spectre character who dies in this way is out
of the game for good. The player should be consoled, and
either assigned a Storyteller character to play for the remain-
der of the chronicle, or asked to create a new character.

Falling, fire, darksteel and certain Arcanoi, as well as the
teeth and claws of other spectres, are all capable of inflicting
damage. Spectres suffer no harm from being caught in a Mael-
strom, though objects caught in the whirling winds can cer-
tainly cause them harm. Spectres can trade Angst for Corpus
to heal non-aggravated wounds. Only one point of Corpus
may be healed per point of Angst, per round. The loss of
Corpus inflicted by Oblivion is considered permanent, un-
less the spectre has access to the Dark Arcanos Larceny.

Spectres also heal damage through Slumbering. Instead
of seeping into their Fetters, as wraiths do, spectres fade into
the walls of the Labyrinth for eight hours. The player must
then make a Stamina roll (difficulty 6). The character heals
one level of non-aggravated damage per success. Oblivion-
lost Corpus cannot be healed in this manner.

Aggravated wounds, such as those inflicted by darksteel
or another spectre, are healed through Slumbering and the
additional expenditure of three points of Angst per aggravated
wound. Only one aggravated wound may be healed in this
manner each day.

he Psyche

And now my life has changed in oh so many ways

My independence seems to vanish in the haze

But every now and then I feel so insecure

I know that I just treat you like I've never done before.
—The Beatles, "Help!"

~ ust as wraiths have a Shadow, a separate
and malign entity manifesting everything
bad, weak and cruel about the character,
spectres have their Psyches. A spectre's
| Psyche is the last remnant of anything
kind or good about the character. Most
times the Psyche is weak, its voice thin
and sickly. However, employing the Dark Arcanos Larceny
to offset the destruction of Oblivion can allow the Psyche to
gain strength. At most times the Psyche is only an ever-present
voice, whispering away like a guilty conscience, reminding
the character of how she used to be and how kind and good
she was before being corrupted by Oblivion. The Psyche is
the flip
manner. But while wraiths can expect the occasional "bad

side of the Shadow, and should be played in a similar

hair day" with their Shadows, the Psyche walks a much finer


Dark Reflection

and more careful line around spectres since higher urgings
are seen as weakness, and liable to get the Psyche (and its
host) turned into ectoplasmic hash. The wise Psyche grades
the road to Redemption to be an almost impreceptible rise,
especially to its host's peers.

Psycheguide

As in Wraith, players take on two parts in spectre
chronicles: their own character and another character's
Psyche. In the manner of the Shadowguide playing the
Shadow, the Psycheguide manifests the character's higher
urges. Unlike the Shadow, however, the Psyche does not re-
sort to cruel and brutal tricks in order to win over the charac-
ter. Psyches employ praise when it is deserved, produce happy
memories of the spectre's mortal or wraith past, and other-
wise attempt to guide the spectre with kindness and love. On
the rare occasions when the Psyche is dominant, the role is
taken over by the spectre's player, not the Psycheguide.

Psyche Character Creation

he Storyteller should develop the Psyche
after the player has finished all other stages
of character generation. Although the
Psyche is part of the spectre character,
details concerning the Psyche should be
kept as secret as possible, in order that the
player remain generally unaware of the
heights of rapture to which the Psyche aspires. Even so, the
Storyteller must take care not to create a Psyche totally at
odds with the player's own perceptions of his character. The
Psyche is a integral part of any spectre character, not a sepa-
rate element, and should be designed with all due care.

If players feel that they should be the ones creating their
Psyche, this desire can be accommodated as well. It means
that any element of surprise the Psyche might have possessed
is now gone. On the other hand, allowing the player to gen-
erate their character's Psyche ensures that it will consistent
with the spectre character concept.

Step One: Concept

The Storyteller should choose, with input from the player,
a Psyche archetype from the list below. This represents the
Psyche's general personality, but also should reflect the Na-
ture of the spectre character.

yO Sas
LN o~

Ww
ZEN


Agent

Always looking out for your best interests, seeking to find
something constructive and positive for you to do, this Psyche
wants to manage you, guide you and generally help you bet-
ter yourself. And if the Psyche profits along the way, so much
the better! Constructive criticism plays a major part in this
Psyche's repertoire; it helps you look at your performances
and learn from your mistakes. If there is anything you need,
your Psyche will promise to get it for you, allowing you to get
on with the important business of redemption. Remember,
he does it all for you, and genuinely expects nothing in re-
turn.

Comrade

This Psyche is the shoulder to cry on, the friendly smile
ona bad day, always ready to lend a hand or help you through
a bad patch. Like any old friend, the Comrade knows you
intimately, and accepts the bad along with the good. The
Comrade always seeks to defend its friend's reputation. Per-
haps the Comrade is puzzled and hurt as to why the character
is behaving so maliciously. It may blame itself, or be insecure
and thus cling to the character, whom it constantly admires.
By comparing the character's noble past to its present activi-
ties, and by acknowledging that it is inferior to the character,
the Comrade also hopes to help the character realize that he
or she was once kinder, more noble and so on.

Confessor

Stern but kindly, this Psyche's gruff exterior hides a fount
of love and compassion. Although affronted by the sins it is
witness to, the Confessor would never think of revealing them
to others. There is a little of the martyr in the Confessor.
This does not stop it from confronting the character with
evidence of her sins, seeking to sway her towards penance.
As far as the Confessor is concerned, a little guilt never goes
astray when it comes to redemption, and this Psyche feels no
qualms about hectoring and lecturing the character, so long
as such drastic measures are for the good of the character's
soul.

Counselor

The Counselor is the person you can tell anything, that
part of you prepared to sit and listen to another person's prob-
lems without judging them or berating them. The role of the

Counselor is to help the character realize where her own prob-

lems are, and assist with setting strategies to deal with them.

This Psyche listens, asks open-ended questions and tries to
help the character recognize and define her own weaknes:
and faults. Rather than ignoring these problems, the Coun-
selor wants to help you make them go away. This Psyche is
removed from the character and claims to have no vested
interest in the character's existence.

Nurturer

This Psyche is maternal, supportive and caring. It is con-
cerned about the kind of people the host hangs around with,
and considers them a bad influence. Although the Nurturer
may scold, it never loses its temper. The Nurturer wants you
to be safe, warm and happy, and will do its best to ensure you
are, even if it is not what you want. This Psyche has almost
infinite patience, and cannot be intimidated or beaten down
by the host character. The Nurturer knows what is best for
you, and is determined that you shall have it.

Saint

Few spectres are strong enough to stand up to this Psyche.
Proud, commanding and authoritative, the Saint stands out
an incorruptible beacon of purity in the host's mind. The
Saint knows evil exists, but has no time for it. A spectre who
has this kind of Psyche will be constantly tortured by the bold
and unforgiving comparisons the Saint makes between the

spectre and itself. This Psyche's tone is matter-of-fact. It knows
your sins and chastises you for them.

Savior

This Psyche is the way and light, the road to salvation.
Constantly preaching the host, the Savior wants the charac-
ter to listen only to it. No other can lead the host to redemp-
tion except the Savior. The Savior is self-sacrificing, prepared
to suffer any harm should that in some way advance the re-
demption of the spectre. The Savior is both preacher and
friend, and wants most of all to have the spectre as an equal,
understanding and infinitely forgiving. When this Psyche
dominates, it loves to take the opportunity to debate, preach
and deliver sermons to those around it. It advises forgiveness
for the spectre to all who will listen.

Step Two: Composure

The Psyche is powered by a trait called Composure. Com-
posure represents the degree of serenity and peace the Psyche
possesses. There are two kinds of Composure, permanent (the
circles) and temporary (the boxes). It is from the latter that
Composure points are spent powering Fronds. Permanent
Composure represents the degree of control the Psyche has
over a character. The permanent Composure rating always


begins at a level equal to or less than the host's Being. Roll a
number of dice equal to the character's Being (difficulty 6).
The number of successes indicates the amount of permanent
Composure the Psyche has at the start of the game.

Temporary Composure begins at a rating equal to the
Psyche's permanent Composure, but fluctuates thereafter.
Temporary Composure can and often does exceed its perma-
nent score. Composure can be increased by use of certain
Fronds. The Dark Arcanos Larceny is another source of Com-
posure, and it can also be increased by fulfilling Passions.

Like Angst, temporary Composure can also exceed the
host's Being. When this happens, the Psyche can attempt to
assert control over the character. If temporary Composure ever
reaches 10, the Psyche can trade all 10 points for one point of
permanent Composure, bringing the character that much
closer to Redemption. Composure will vary during play. It is
recommended that the player never know how strong her
Composute rating is, and thus never know how close, or how
distant, she is from being Redeemed.

Step Three: Passions

Next the Storyteller must define the Passions of the
Psyche. Passions are concerned with higher morals and drives.
Passions include Love, Honesty, Sincerity, Hope and Faith.
Fulfilling a Passion allows the Psyche to increase its Compo-
sure trait. Like the spectre's Dark Passions, which they re-
flect, Passions should be recorded on the Psyche character
sheet as a one line description of the exact nature of the Pas-
sion, followed by a one word summation of the type of Pas-
sion. An example of a Passion might be "Help host realize
the error of his ways (Hope)."

Passions are often the opposite of those of the spectre.
Much of the drama inherent in Dark Reflections is drawn
from the clash between the goals of spectre and Psyche. Seven
points are assigned to Passions when designing the Psyche.
Freebie points can used to increase these Passions at a later
stage in the Psyche's development.

Step Four: freebie Points

The Storyteller may now spend 10 freebie points among
the Psyche''s traits. Fronds can be brought with freebie points,
and Composure and Passions increased. The Psyche's perma-
nent Composure score cannot be brought above the
cl cter's Being by using freebie points, although this re-
striction does not apply to temporary Composure.

Permanent Composure — 5 points per dot

Temporary Composure — 2 points per dot
Passions — | point per dot
Fronds — listed individually below

A Psyche's Fronds are the equivalent of the Shadow's
Thorns. These unique gifts are employed by the Psycheguide
to harry the character. Ideally, the character should be kept
in suspense as to the nature of his or her Fronds until they
manifest in the game.

Wraith Prestige (| point/level)

The Psyche is known and respected among certain
wraiths, and might be aided by them in times of need.

Alles (I point/level)

The Psyche regularly communes with wraiths in the area.
This Frond is the Psyche equivalent of the Background Al-
lies, applicable only to the locale's wraiths.

Memories of Life (point)

What the spectre has forgotten about his former exist-
ence (as wraith or mortal) the Psyche remembers. The Psyche
can offer the spectre any information, trait or knowledge from
that life free of charge. A spectre who accepts such aid, how-
ever, is exposed to images of that former, more worthy exist-
ence, and must make an Angst roll against a difficulty of 5.
Any dice that do not roll a success represent the loss of a point
of Angst. Botches indicate the loss of two points.

Mirror (| point

Usually possessed by the Psyches of Nephwracks or Shades,
this Frond reveals to the spectre, in every flat surface they can
see, an image of what they have become or what they might
have been. Such a revelation is horrible for many spectres, and
those who are affected by Mirror must make an opposed Angst
roll against the Psyche's Composure. Failure results in the spec-
tre being wracked by self-loathing and being unable to act,
except in self defense, for the remainder of the scene.

This art costs 3 Composure.

Pure Relic (1 pont/elc)

When the Psyche is dominant, it manifests a relic, which
appears at no other time. Such a relic can be a weapon.

Psyche Sil (3 points)

This Frond causes the host to manifest some trace of the
Psyche's existence, such as the scent of roses or baking bread,
the faint singing of a heavenly choir and other uplifting or
cheerful sensory triggers. This sigil manifests wherever the
character goes. The character can "turn off" the Frond fora
scene at the cost of one point of Being.

ayy UN

Psyche Traits (2 points)

The Psyche may add one dot to a character's Attributes
or Abilities for one action provided that the host agrees. The
exact nature of the purchased trait must be decided when the
Psyche is created. Every time the host draws upon this extra
dot, the Psyche gains a temporary point of Composure.

Guilt 6 points)

The Psyche has the power to make the spectre feel great
guilt about a recent action. This is more than merely a verbal
chastisement, but a crippling wave of feeling which over-
whelms the spectre. It costs one point of Composure to use
this Frond. The host must make a Being roll (Difficulty 6)
upon experiencing the intense feelings of guilt, losing a point
of temporary Being for each dice rolled under the difficulty.

indulgence ( points)

This Frond allows the Psyche and the spectre to enter
into a pact. A spectre can purchase the right to be unhin-
dered by its Psyche in some imminent action by spending a
number of Angst points. For every point so spent a die is rolled

SS

(versus a difficulty 6), and each success grants the Psyche a
point of temporary Composure. Once the Psyche has agreed
to such a bargain, however, it may not renege and cannot
interfere or berate the spectre for that action.

Freudian Slip (4 points)

By spending a temporary Composure point, the Psyche
may cause the host to make an involuntary action or blurt
out an embarrassing phrase or secret. The character can re-
sist this by making a Being roll (Difficulty 8). Only one suc-
cess is needed to resist.

Penance (6 points)

When the spectre loses a point of Corpus to Oblivion
through a botch (or other means), the Psyche can offer to
prevent that loss through use of this Frond. If the spectre ac-
cepts the offer, then the Psyche prescribes a penance. Such a
penance usually involves a kind act or worthy deed and does
not usually take more than a scene or two to perform. It may
have a profound effect on the spectre in question, though.

Psyche independence (7 points)

Every time the spectre Slumbers, her Psyche takes con-
trol of the Corpus and liv:
remains unaware of the

secret life of its own. The host
s the Psyche blanks out


its own existence, the host may find itself burdened with en-
emies it does not recall making, and falling into traps the
Psyche has arranged for it.

Guiding the Psyche

Just as playing the Shadow is an important role in tradi-
tional Wraith chronicles, so too is the Psyche in Dark Re-

flections. Although the Psyche is a secondary character of

the Psycheguide, it should be played with as much care and

dedication as the player puts into her own spectre character.
It is important for the Psycheguide to keep track of Compo-
as well as the host's Being. You must also have a good

sure,
understanding of the host's character, in order for you to more
properly play that same character's suppressed higher urges.

The Psyche is the last of the character's good side to have
survived. Even if the character was cruel and malicious in life,
there were still aspects of his personality that strived toward
the light. Decency, love, compassion, tolerance — such traits
as these have been devoured by Oblivion almost completely.
Only the Psyche remains, a tiny beacon of light within the
spectre's dark heart. Guiding such evil toward good is an uphill

battle. It is this conflict you, as Psycheguide, must personify.

Psychic Healing

Although the Psyche battles to save the character's soul,
to slow or even reverse the downward spiral toward Oblivion,
it is gentle about it. The tools of the Shadow — abuse, deceit,
cruelty and brutality — are not those of the Psyche. The Psyche
seeks to heal the divisions in the character's mind, not aggra-
vate them. To this end, the Psyche employs kind words and
pleasant memories in order to achieve its goal. The
Psycheguide must walk a thin line between hectoring and
healing, hurting and helping the spectre. If the Psyche fails to
lift the character towards the light, it too is doomed, and this
knowledge adds a note of desperation to the Psyche's battle.

Passions

P:
everyday life, and which are absent in the Labyrinth. Spectres
know and understand only Dark Passions. Each Bright Pas-
sion which a Psyche poss an essence (the specific type
of emotion in brackets following the general Passion state-
ment). Whenever the Psyche fulfills a Passion, it may attempt

ssions are the finer, higher emotions experienced in

to roll a number of dice equal to the score of that Passion
against a difficulty of 7. Each success rolled allows the Psyche
to gain a point of temporary Composure. The Psyche is said to
have fulfilled its Passion by triggering that emotion in its host,


or fostering that self-same emotion in others via the use of
Arcanoi. Merely witnessing the emotion is not enough; the
Psyche must have played an active role in its development.

Catharsis

Just as Shadows can take over wraith characters, so too
can the Psyche attempt to take control of the character if its
temporary Composure is higher than the host's Being trait. If
the Psyche dominates, it takes control of the character for the
remainder of the scene. The player, not the Psycheguide, takes
over the running of the Psyche character when this happens.

The Catharss Rol

The Psyche attempts to gain control of the host by spend-
ing one temporary Composure point (this may bring Compo-
Being, but the Catharsis roll
continues regardless, as the Psyche's Composure was greater

sure to equal or below the host's

than the host's Being when the action began) and rolling a
number of dice equal to its temporary Composure. The host
may resist by rolling permanent Being. Both rolls are at diffi-
culty 6, and are considered to be standard Resisted Actions.

When the Psyche is dominant, it has access to all the
character's Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi as well as its own
Fronds. The rules applying to the Shadow regarding Will-
power and Angst apply equally to the Psyche. See Chapter
Seven of Wraith for further information.

Important Note: While the Psyche can still use the host's
Arcanoi while it is dominant, those Dark Arcanoi that usu-
ally give the user Composure will instead cost the Psyche the
equivalent number of Composure points.

Gaining Composure

Psyches can gain Composure in several ways:

Psyche Dice

The Psyche can offer the host extra dice on any roll the
character wishes to make. One point of Composure is gained
for each success that is rolled on the Psyche dice, which should

aracter's

be rolled sep:

ual dice pool, in
order to keep track of the rolls. Botches rolled on the Psyche
dice only affect successes on the Psyche dice roll, and are the
exception to the Corpus loss such botches normally incur.
The Psyche can offer as many dice
posure. Whether or not such an offer is accepted, the Psyche's

s it has permanent Com-

Composure rating remains unaffected.

By fulfilling the essence of one of its Passions, the Psyche
can gain Composure points. Roll the appropriate Passion when
the Psyche accomplishes that Passion's goal (difficulty 7). As
with Shadows, if the Psyche forces the emotion on someone,
the difficulty is a 9.

Larceny

The Dark Arcanos Larceny gives the Psyche Composure
when it is used.

Roleplaying

The Storyteller can also give the Psyche Composure if
she believes such a reward is deserving because of the
Psycheguide's roleplaying. This should only be done if the
player is in agreement.

Losing Composure
fronds

Certain Fronds that the Psyche has access to cost vari-
able points of Composure to employ.

Using Larceny while the Psyche is dominant

As discussed above, this Dark Arcanos usually confers
Composure upon the spectre who uses it. When a dominant
Psyche uses Larceny, the Psyche must spend the equivalent
amount of Composure points, instead of gaining them.

Botching any roll while the Psyche is dominant

Rather than the character losing Corpus for botched rolls,

the Psyche instead loses

a point of temporary Composure for

each botch incurred while it is in control of the character.

Redemption

If a Psyche's permanent Composure ever reaches 10, the
character

s considered Redeemed. No one really knows what
happens after Redemption, save that spectres who are Redeemed
instantly vanish from the Labyrinth. Whether the character is
reborn as a wraith and must begin existence in the Shadowlands
all over again, or instead Transcends to whatever reality awaits
beyond is unknown, although countless opinions are offered by

spectres and wraiths alike on this subject.

In



_. Doppelganger inpstor |

Quote: But of course Iam who I say I am. If you question my identity, then surely you should also question [if

your own — for how do you know you are not a spectre pretending to be yourself? And if you are not who you fi
think you are, what about the world itself? Is anything really as it seems? &

\ Prelude: When you were alive, you did your best to preserve the status quo. You worried about )
what other people might think, and so never did anything to disturb them. Equilibrium was?

important to you. In this violent, ever-changing world, you seized on monotony to keep |

your life ordered and acceptable. Deviating from the norm was always furthest from your
mind. Of course, all that changed after you died.

You were gunned down on your way to see a movie, the random victim of a drive-
'\__by shooting. Your Shadow, all chat jealousy and spite and hate you had locked down
in your 30-plus years in the bank, boiled up with a vengeance once you reached

\.. the Shadowlands. You tried not to listen, tried to go about your new existence

©) as quietly and boringly as when you were alive. You allied yourself with the

Hierarchy, served them faithfully for many years, and all that time your Shadow

never let up. It nagged, moaned, bitched and bickered. It was because you were too

» busy arguing with your Shadow that you didn't notice where those argu-

y a ments were leading you. In the name of order, you did some bad things in

y the Shadowlands, bad enough to glut your Shadow and make it stronger

than you had ever dreamed. Oblivion claimed you the day you first truly

realized what you'd done. Grown fat on your diet of betrayal, your Shadow
seized control.

Concept: In mortal life you were tied down to one face. Now you

\ have hundreds. Using Moliate, you sculpt your face differently each

) day. Yesterday you were a Hierarchy Regent, tomorrow you will im-

/  personate a Renegade rabble-rouser, stirring up trouble on each oc-
\ casion. You work diligently, infiltrating Necropoli and eking out se-
crets, discovering the chinks in the armor of your enemies and ex-
posing them to the cleansing tide of Oblivion.
| Roleplaying Tips: You have many different voices and just as
/ many names. Perhaps even you have forgotten which was your real
/ face.
Equipment: Various clothes and props for assuming the roles of
different wraiths.

a ae
64 Dark Reflections: Spectres
=


Be LANG GECLEL UU,

Spectves

Nature: Corformise life: Bark Cterk
Demeanor: Zraditionatist Death: Zrive-ty Kitting
Psyche: Counselor Devoured: Shadow

Attributes

Physical Social Mental

Strength, @O000 Charisma. 1O Perception,
Dexterity. OOO Manipulation, OO Intelligence.
Stamina, @@000 Appearance. @@0@00 Wits. @e@e@00

Skil Knowledge

@@000 Crafts. OOOOO Bureaucracy. @e@000

OOOOO Drive. @@@00 Computer. @ecee0

@0000 Etiquette. @@@00 Enigmas. 00000

@0000 Firearms. OOOOO Investigation. @0000

OOOOO Leadership. @0000 Law. @@000

Empathy. @0000 Meditation. OOOOO Linguistics. @0000
Expression. @0000 Melee. OOOOO Medicine. OO000
A) Intimidation. OOOOO Performance. OOOOO Occult, 00000
Streetwise. @0000 Repair. @0000 Politics @e@000
Subterfuge. @@000 Stealth @OO000 Science. @0000

Backgrounds Dark Passions Arcanoi! Dark Arcanoi
Relics 000 Kill wife (Hate) @@@00 Muolinte 0000
Y _Shadotvlands @e@00 Make foots of the OO0000 Hive Mind @0000
00000 Hierarchy (Mockery) Lempest-Wpeaving @0000
OO00O0 Withstand Ottivion (Fear) Ghroud-Rending @0000
OOO00O OO000O0 OO0000

Dif 00-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-00000-0D 000-4 Fetters OSccoCOO OOOO OO ODO OOC SHS
Bank 00000 Pavement where you dich @@@OO Wife @@e@00

A] ooo lilt Pins oo OE eo (I) PooCOes Hoc c os (Litht comoocee J

[Wieser [itficatty) Damage Pathos

BEEBE EBO

wooo. [Nit pooORoS Poem. {i DOO cOoc


Demonic
Nephwrack

Quote: No hope. No future. No point.

Prelude: You remember so little of your meat days. Flashes of memory torment you from time to time — wrack-
ing waves of happiness, agonizing stabs of love — but these become fewer and further between. Soon, when Oblivion
devours you forever, they will trouble you no more. Even your _ memories of the Shadowlands are scattered and patchy. An
endless succession of gray days and an utter inability to affect anything around you. Hopelessness. It was to the hopelessness
that you clung, when otherwise you would have drowned in the Tempest. Oblivion Devoured you, burned you, transformed
you. The shard of despair within you was heated and worked, tempered, strengthened. Now you are hopelessness incarnate,
the spirit of despair.

Concept: You hurt, therefore you are. Lately you have taken to briefly appearing before a mortal cult in the Skinlands
despite the wracking pain such episodes cause you, infecting the deluded members with an apocalyptic millennium madness.
They believe you to be a demon, or a god. Your every manifestation drives the cult closer to mass suicide or mass murder.
Soon they shall be ready for the master-stroke, when they either extinguish themselves in a frenzy of self-destruction, or hack
a bloody swath across their metropolis. Every last one of them is infected with your purposeful despair and suicidal agony. The
hungry black flames of Oblivion burn in their hearts. Soon you'll set them free.

Roleplaying Tips: Stare unblinkingly as long as you can, hunch your shoulders and lean your body forward like a solid
mass of malice and melancholy. Pitch your voice low, and make the tone both despairing and menacing.
Equipment: Insane cultists willing to die at your command; secret temple in decayed inner-city location.


Nature: Comniver
Demeanor: Zirector

Poyche: 4 gene
Attributes

Social

life Vague Memory
Death: Forgotten
Devoured: 6 adore

Physica Nental
@@000 Charisma.
@O = Manipulation.

OOO Appearance.

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

©0000 Perception
@@ Intelligence
@0000 Wits

Talents Stil Knowledge
@@000
OOO00O0
@@000
00000
00000
OOO

Crafts,

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.

@ee00
00000
00000
OO0000
@0000
00000
OO0000
@ee@00
OO0000
@@000

00000
OOO00O0
OOO00O
OO0O00O0
OO0O00O0
OO0000
00000

Alertness,
Athletics,

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Awareness, Enigmas.
Brawl
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,
f Intimidation,
Streetwise.

Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine.
Occult.
Politics,

@0e0e00
00000
@0000

Repair,

Subterfuge. Stealth, Science.

Backgrounds Dark Passions Arcanoi / Dark Arcanoi

' Contacts @e@000

| Paunts @@e00
OOO00O0
OOO00O0
OO000O0
OO0000

Spread hopelessness _QOOOO

Embody

@@e00

(Despair) @@eee

Puppetry

@ee@00

Destroy alt mortats(Hate@@®OOO

Hive-mind

@0000

End alt the pain(Misery)@®®00

Larceny

@@000

OO0000

Tempest-\eaving

@0000

OO0000

00000

||| wooccooc ooo ooo onoece Fetters WOHECCSCOOC COCO OO ODO OOCSH

00000

i o-oo Shite PISO HOE (Ii POOCCES ood (ill! poo oe ‘

OOO000

00000

~DWoeso hi Coocooc

Despair
@e@e@eeeo0ood
BEBBBOOO

oo
Oa
rweocce fiprict poo MoS POE o. {i Doo coec

Beeeeonogogd

Weapon

Difficulty

Damage Pathos


siping Paiy

Quote: Just because I'm a child, doesn't mean I'm an idiot.

Prelude: You were born to a happy middle-class family, the youngest of three children, and, if your mother was to be
believed, the most special. Certainly you showed many promising signs, walking and talking before you were one year old.
You were sent to a school for gifted children, and by the time you were eight years old, you were well on your way to equaling
the academic achievements of a college-age student. You brilliant career, perhaps as a brain surgeon or a gifted musician, was

cut sadly short when you died in a car crash before your ninth birthday. If your mother had been paying more attention to the
road and less attention to you, you might still be alive.

You never found your mother in the Shadowlands, although your memories of that gray limbo are uncertain at the best
of times. You spent only a matter of months there, but you hated every minute of it. You barely escaped being Moliated into
a torch-flame to light a Citadel in your first week as a wraith. Soon after that incident you declared for the Renegades. Even
among their anarchic ranks you were treated as a child despite your ferocious intellect. The anger that grew within you fueled
your Shadow, in many ways the parent you no longer had. You listened to your Shadow, and fell into Oblivion in short order.

Now you desire little besides the companionship of your fellow Striplings, as together you harry and
-hate the living and the dead. Even in the Labyrinth you are misjudged. Although they call you a
Doppelganger, you shun the caste to which you supposedly belong.
Concept: You never really had a life, so now you are making the most of your death. Your evil,
gleeful intellect makes you stand out, and you find that many of your peers listen
, avidly to your words. You have become one of the
chief instigators of the Stripling movement, and
despise the caste system which binds you.
Your scorn for adults knows no bounds,
while even your fellow Striplings often feel
the sharp edge of your tongue.

Roleplaying Tips: Although your mind
is that of an extremely intelligent adult, you
are still a child at heart. You have a short
attention span and little experience with the
realities of adult life. You are brilliant, but
you stagnate in the Labyrinth, where

intellectual stimulation comes
zi a poor second to savage
NS fancies.

lis i Equipment: Relic
* glasses perched on the edge

of your nose.


= SAR AR LRP,
Species
Nature: istoreary life: Ghitd Prodigy

Demeanor: Z2eve¢ Death: Gar Crash
Psyche: Nurturer Devoured: Joe the Shadowlands

Attributes

Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000 Charisma, @OO0O0 Perception,
Dexterity. @00 Manipulation. @@@0 Intelligence.
Stamina, @00 Appearance @0000 Wits

woccccococcceccescos hbilli¢s occoocoo oc ccooocccccee

Talents stils Knowledge

@@@00 Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000

OOOOO Drive OOOOO Computer. @e@e00
Awareness, OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas. 00000
Brawl. OOOOO Firearms. OOOO) Investigation. 00000
Dodge. @@00 Leadership. OOOOO Law. OO0O00O0
Empathy, OOOOO Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics, 00000
Expression, OOOOO Melee. OOOOO Medicine. @e@000
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. @@000 Occult 00000
Streetwise. OOOOO Repair. @0000 Politics. @0000
Subterfuge. @@@00 Stealth, @@000 Science. @@000

Backgrounds Dark Passions Arcanoi / Dark Arcanoi
I A ddies e0e000 Kilt all children who QOOO0O Lmbody e@@000
\ Status( Gtriptings) @®®O0O haven't suffered(Ptate)@@@OO Neening @0000
| 00000 Destroy the caste O0000 Puppetry @@000
00000 system(Contempt}@@@@@ five-YYind @0000
OO0000 OOO0O _Ghroud-Rending @@000

00000 _____ SS O0000 Tempest-Wypeaving __ @0000

wovccecco coop oepoece fils coco cc oo coco o opm cocoons

WA Old Leddy Bear @0000 00000 00000

Shak PIS -oOmoS HOS (Ip) POOCCeE Coco (illlil cocoon f

BBB BB BB [Weapon Ditcuty] Damage Pathos

Dooeso kil COOcOoc

Contempt
@@e@ee@eeo00o0dn
BeeBeBIoOoOO
Eyeriene pO oOmoo Poem Ait Dooce

Beeeenoood


Mortwieht True Beever

Quote: Follow me, and I shall lead our caste to glory!

Prelude: Life? What life? You were homeless, living on the streets before you were 12 years old, and hustling your ass to

anyone who'd pay for it. Your adolescence was a hell of cold nights and colder clients. You had few friends save the other

emotionally

scarred, half-feral kids that lived like you, and although their friendship was strong, it wasn't enough to stand
against heroin, disease and the brutality of everyday life. You sank lower and lower, malnourished and malicious, harboring a

burning hatred of the s

ciety that promised you so much but delivered nothing.

Somehow you managed to survive until you were almost 25, a ragged, muttering mass of rags and hair and a pair of bright,
mad eyes half-hidden by dirt. That w:
all going to be rich one day, and they decided that people like you brought the property values down. People like you didn't

s how you looked when the frat boys found you. They didn't like your type. They were

deserve to exist. To teach the other street people a lesson, they decided to kill you.
First they sprayed oven cleaner in your face, and laughed as you screamed and staggered about the alleyway which was

your home frantically clawing at your burning eyes. After that ceased to be

entertaining they doused you with lighter fluid, and set

you on fire. You could still hear their beefy, well-fed
laughter, nurtured on beer and bigotry, as you died.
Sometimes you can hear it still.

1

——
| \
yn x Concept: The agony of your death sent your
i \ soul hurtling towards Oblivion. You became a spec-
ak. tre the instant you died, but even in death you re-
) main a second-class citizen. As a Mortwight, you
BY.) are part of the lowest spectre caste, condemned by
your stigmata: bloody tears seep constantly from your
empty eye-sockets. Your mortal life was a misery, and you
refuse to sit by and watch your death become equally bad.

Roleplaying Tips: Rant incoherently about indignities

and suffering. You were already half-cracked while you lived.
Since your agonizing death you have become completely mad.
# The suffering of your fellow Mortwights is all that keeps you from
f throwing yourself into the Void.

Ps

Equipment:
Burned and bloody rags;

collection of relic shop-
ping bags whose contents al-
ways surprise you.


Be LANY HELLER U9,

Specites
om : Nature: 7artyr life: pfometess

OF Player: Demeanor: Farcatic Death: 7urdered by Frat toys
AUN Caste: 7Hrortevigne Psyche: Zonrade Devoured: Jrestantty

Physical Social Mental

kV Strength, @0000 Charisma, @@@@0 Perception.
f Dexterity. OOO = Manipulation, @O Intelligence.
A Stamina, ©0000 Appearance @@000 Wits

Skill Knowledge

Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. OO0O000

Drive. OOOOO Computer. OO0O000

Awareness, Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas, @@000

Brawl. Firearms. OOOOO Investigation, 00000

} Dodge. Leadership. OOOOO Law. OOO00O0
Empathy. Meditation, 00000 _Lingui 00000

| Expression Melee 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, Performance( Begging) ©0000 Occult 00000

Streetwise. Repair. OOOOO Politics. @e@0@00

Subterfuge. @e@00@@ Stealth @@CC@ Science. 00000

Backgrounds Dark Passions Arcanoi ! Dark Arcanoi
A rifact 0000 Juspire other MortwightsQooQo00 Contaminate
000 (Fanaticisn) @@@@@ Hive-Mind
W Status(Mortevights) @®000 Humitinte Dopplegangersooooo Larceny
ene eT ( 00/0010) (Envy) @@@@@ TLempest-eaving
OO00O0 OOO00O
OO00O0 OOO00O

00000 00000 \
Sak Pitc-oOoees POO (Ip; POBCOEE too ed (iil cooooes f

Weapon Difficulty] Damage Pathos

~poes-o hil poocoe>

Fanaticism
@e2eeee00800
BEEBE BEEBE BO
Bperiene POOmeo OEcme AI DODCoOCeE

BEBBBOOO00


a—
Quote: Kill! Kill! Kill!
Prelude: It was all Rebecca's fault. If only she had gone out with you, none of this would ever have happened. You were
still in high school, a four-eyed computer nerd, and Rebecca was a cheerleader. You loved her. Passionately. You finally
worked up the courage to ask Rebecca out to the prom, never dreaming she would say no, let alone respond to your invitation

with derision and scorn. You skulked out of homeroom with your head hung low and a broken heart. That night you slipped
a hose over the exhaust pipe of your mother's car and gassed yourself in the garage.

You awoke in the Shadowlands, and realized that it was your love for
Rebecca that was keeping you there. Your Shadow called you a fool,
and said that you should kill her for what she did to you. You
ignored it, and lovingly haunted Rebecca in-
stead. So busy were you in your task that one
day you failed to hear the bells of the
Necropolis tolling in warning. The Mael-
strom caught you unawares, and flung you
screaming into Oblivion. You were still
screaming when you came out, but now your cry
LQ was the hunter's howl.

Y Concept: You are a remorseless killer,
=, motivated only by Dark Passion. Like all

f WA 4 Shades, you are part of an assemblage
yi
| A e of shock troops, insane warriors who
: (J) attack Oblivion's enemies in wave
ee

after shrieking wave. Many of your
companions have already been
claimed by the Void. You burn for such a
glorious demise. Your only fear is that you might succumb
to the vile temptations of your Psyche before Oblivion
claims you, and so die without honor.

Roleplaying Tips: Howl, hiss, whisper and prowl.
A monster, you are driven by Dark Passion, and are
completely insane by mortal standards.

Equipment: None.

;


LAKH KEELEE URNS, =

Specites
Nature: ZSeviane life: Computer Nerd

Demeanor: FFareatic Death: Suicide
Psyche: .< avior Devoured: 7aetstrom

Attributes

Physical Social Mental
Strength, @O Charisma @0000 Perception.

f Dexterity O- Manipulati @@0 Intelligence.

Stamina, @OO = Appearance. @0000 Wits.

Talents Skill Knowledge

Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000
Drive. OOOOO Computer.
Etiquette. 00000 Enigmas,
Firearms, OOOOO Investigation,
Leadership, 00000
Meditation. 00000 s
Melee. ©0008 Medicine.
Performance. 00000 Occult,
Repair. 00000 Politics,
Stealth, @@@@0 Science.

4 Alertness,
Athletics,
Awareness.
Brawl

1 Dodge
Empathy.
Expression,

Intimidation,

Streetwise.

Subterfuge.

Backgrounds Dark Passions Arcanoi / Dark Arcanoi
e@e000 Kill Rebecca(Hate) Contaminate @0000
Haunt @0000 Destroy the wortd(Hate)@ HiveMind @@000
Shadowlands ©0000 Spread Oblivion(Pfate) @@@OO .SGhroud-Rending @0000
OO000O0 OOO0O Lempest-Weaving @0000
OO000O0 OO000O 00000
OO000O0 OO000O0 00000

fetters FOSOCCOOOOOCOOOOMOOOCSH Ag

OO0000 OO0000 00000
J woocoo hil Piro HOOO-8 (Ips COO CCEC Hood (itll Cooocoe

Miasmal Breath BEBE BEBE EBE
Shark's Teeth

Weapon [Difficulty] Damage Pathos

DOO0-© hil) COoocoe*
Hate
@e2eee800000
BSEBRBEEREBEEE
Eperiene POOR HOO AI DOoOCoE

Beeeenooong


Spectre: Doppleganger
Psycheguide Player:

Fronds
Psyche Independence

Indulgence

Spectre: WMortvight
Psycheguide Player:

Fronds
Memories vf tife

Mirror

Attics (1 tevet)

Psyche

Archetype: Gounsetor

Composure

Passions

@O@COODODOOOO Make host sappy with 00000
BBBBOOODDD MuselfKindwss)  ee00o

Spectre Being
@ee@ee@eooo0odo

Psyche

Seek beauty(Love @e@e@00

HE SV A COOO00
00000
00000
00000

Archetype: Gomrde

Composure
@ee@ee@eeeO00000
BEBBBOODO0

Spectre Being
@e@eaeeoeeeee0

Passions
Create harmony Love) @@®@00
orgive host's oppressorsOO000

___( Saintliness) @@@@O0
Tee VASA OOOO}
00000
00000

00000.

Psyche

Spectre: Pephevrack Archetype: Agent
Psycheguide Player:
Fronds Gomposure Passions
Psyche Traits (Strength v2) © OCH HO000O Shiptheincpient 00000
Penance BBE BBOODO0O0 Aestruction( Duty) @@@@e@
Gxtlighten those the host OOOOO
Spectre Being has.misted(Love)@®00O
@e@e@eeeododooo a tes 00000
00000:
00000,
Spectre:S tripling Archetype: arturer
Psycheguide Player:
Fronds Composure Passions
Freudian stip @e@eeee@0000 cach Pfost.to play Fun) @C@GO
Wemory of tife BEB BODOAOD DD Bekind to other children OOO0O
(Love)@@@OO
Spectre Being 00000
@@e@@e0oeae@0000 0... ey 00000
OOOO0O

00000,


Spectre:.6 fade
Psycheguide Player:

Fronds
Guilt

Spectre:
Psycheguide Player:

Fronds

Psyche

Archetype: Savior

Composure Passions

SSCS AO OOOO Sebyan(Compassion) @@@00
BBB BBO DOD Cabs post's raze(Pityooeed
Being
eee

OOO000

Spectre Bein, 00000
@eee0e8 e ee 00000

OOO00O0
OOO000
Archetype:

Composure Passions
OoO0O00000000 00000
OQOODOOO000 _—_ —s ____o00000

OOO000

Spectre Being 00000

OO000000000 00000)
OOOO0O0

00000


= LAKH KEELEC ONS
Species
Nature:

Demeanor: Death:
Psyche: - —— Devoured:

Social Nental
Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
# Dexterity. @0000  Manipulati @0000 Intelligence. @0000
H Stamina, @0000 = Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

Talents Skill Knowledge

4 Alertness, OOOOO Crafts. OOOOO _ Bureaucracy___ O 0000
Athleti OOOOO Drive, 00000 Computer. 00000
Awareness, OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas. OOO0O0O

Ai Brawl. OOOOO Fir \s OOOO Investigation, OOO00O0
Dodge. 00000 eg i OOOOO Law. 00000
ff Empathy. OOOOO Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics, OO000O0
H Expression, OOOOO Melee OOOOO Medicine. OO000O0
Intimidation, OOOOO Performance. OO0O0O0O  Cccult, 00000

v OOOOO  Repair____ OOOO Politics______SSCO OOOO
Subterfuge OOOOO Stealth. OOOOO Science, 00000

Backgrounds Datk Passions Ancanoi / Dark Arcanoi

OOO00O0 OO00O0 OOO00O

OO0000 OO00O0 OOO000

OOO0O0O0 OOO0O0O0 OOO00O0

OO0O0O0 OOOO0O OOO00O

OOO00O0 OOO0O OOO00O

OO00O0 OOO00O OOO00O
WOO-O0-0-0-0-0-0-0- OOO ODCOOf Fetters WWoeocococoOoDC COOH OKMOOCOCSH F
00000 00000 OOO0O &f
J woocoobhilt Piro eec POOo-0 (7) POOcCoeC ooo [itll cocoon J

OOO OOO DOO Peron Diticutty) Damage Pathos

(oem ene)
OOOO

WOOODe [iptiett rooOmMOOo POO.


Ne ee

EREWOLP

THE APOCALYPSE

ing

Aye

The forces of creation
and destruction clash in
this Storytelling game of
savage horror. Gaia, the
Earth Mother, is
wounded. The minions
of the Wyrm eat away at
Her, digging up the earth
and rending Her form.
Gaia cries for aid, and
Her children, the Garou
— the werewolves of
legend — answer the
call. The Garou must
use all their
shapeshifting power and
Rage to fight back
against the onslaught of
corruption and evil.

White Wolf's Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, a
heroic roleplaying game
where players take the
roles of werewolves
fighting against the
destruction of the Earth,
is now available every-
where. Also don't forget
to check out RAGE, the
incredible new collect-
ible card game based on
Werewolf!



MAGE

The Ascension
Second Edition
Now Available

Return to the storytelling game

of reality on the brink.

The Second Edition takes

Mage: The Ascension

in fantastic new directions. 1)
This beautiful hardcover tome —«,\)!
is revised for depth and clarity.

It features expanded backgrounds,
comprehensive organization,

and breathtaking new art.

ISBN 1-56504-400-2

WW 4300

$28.00US $40.50CAN GAME STUDD

Mage: The Ascension isa trademark of White Wolf, Ine.


NWADK DELTLCOCTINNG

WIN W KR W WA BX A Wo VAG

bestows. Refuse me, you shall receive double your portion...
—Coldheart, Nephwrack and Priest of Oblivion

Bend Yourself To its Will

Join the servants of Oblivion as raven from the mouth of the
ee ee gata war ira
to the Shadow-Eaten, desires, history. It
cane ice yatie tceraetiet dedi oi
and demonstrates that some evils are far stronger than the grave.

Dark Reflections: Spectres includes:

e Everything you need to run a Spectre Chronicle!
© Dark Arcanoi only Spectres possess!

© New Castes of Spectres and more!

i CAME CE
The oplivion ae

18 AND OVER
