# File: Dark Ages Companion.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

E DARK AGES"
Vy

&
=
Pa
x
~
a4
&
=
~

Po

ae |

Crepits

Authors: Andrew Bates, Jackie Cassada, Ken Cliffe, Richard
Dansky, Robert Hatch, Michael Lee, Nicky Rea, Sion Rodriguez
yGibson, Ethan Skemp, Cynthia Summers and Fred Yelk
Additional Material: Phil Brucato

Developer: Justin Achilli

Additional Development: Robert Hatch

Fiitors: Ken Cliffe, Cary Goff and Ronni Radner

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Comic Book Art Directed by: Richard Thomas

Comic Book Written and Illustrated by: Guy Davis
Layout & Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Interior Art: Jason Felix, Darren Frydendall, Leif Jones, David
Leri, Robert MacNeil, Chuck Regan, Andrew Ritchie, An-
drew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: Leif Jones
Front & Back Cover Design: Matt Milberget

735 PARK NORTH BLYD,
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc, All rights reserved. Aon,
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Dark Ages Compan-
jon, Dark Reflections Spectees ‘and Kindred of the East are
trademarks'of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Allcharacters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference toany company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concemed.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
tec.gamnes.frp storyteller
PRINTED IN USA

SpeciAL THANKS To:

Ethan "Where'd It Go?" Skemp, for being unprepared for the
opportunity that super-villainy presents.

Larry "Net-dot-Crap" Skirt, for an infinite supply of
cyberdrivel

Chris "Jar of Mustard" McDonough, for needing a mop and
some paper towels to address his... problem.

Richard "Shricking Yoda the Chimp" Thomas, for failed
Muppet substitutes.

Ash "Special Agent Dash Barnett" Arnett, for knowing the
movements of the INS.

Aaron "Stumbling Bob" Voss, for not "taking care of" the
dude in the parking lot.

Laurah "Call Around" Norton, forlearning that I just don't fit
into a size medium Madonna costume.

Scanned and published on
rpgbookz.dyndns. org
by [pl]m3u


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT

CHAPTER Two: CAINITE ROADS
CHAPTER THREE? BLOODLINES

CHAPTER Four: DISCIPLINES

CHAPTER Frve: MATTERS OF FAITH
CHAPTER SIx: DARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE
CHAPTER SEVEN: INFERNALISM
FAppENDIX: BESTIARY



The Mack Medieval world is a huge
and spravoling thing It is a living entity,
tife with untold advent tue, and if ane
iously vonits those who would face its
dangers. This veal is sirmitancously
threillitig, and deeadful, magnificent and
terville. It offers cast treasies, but they
are guarded by the treachery, deceit and
tmachinations of ancient Cainites, Viore-
theless, faith totivates all who eke out
an existence here, for all hope that, at the
end of the Long Vlight, a neve mornin,
voill davon VOhether thatfiest gfinmmer of
fight shall re salvation or herald the
coming of Gehennea, none can say Until
then, the denizens of the world strugale

or their ovon crevoards.


Dark Ages Companion is designed to help your troupe
achieve those rewards. In this book you will find new foes to
confront, new abilities to learn, and new friends to meet. The
Long Night is not over, and there are winding paths yet to be
walked.

This book is designed as a resource for both players and
Storytellers. Itcontains numerous secrets, known only to the most
ancient of Cainites, as well as facts, myths and rumors known to
the common person. Playersare advised, if they peruse this whole
book, to remember the difference between player knowledge and
character knowledge. Of course you can possess all these bits of
wisdom — you bought the book! But characters in the Dark
Medieval world don't have hobby stores where they can pick up
guides to their shadowy milieu. Part of the joy of playing Vampire:
The Dark Ages is uncovering the mysterious plots of inscrutable
eMlers and experiencing the thrill of confronting the unknown

That said, here's what you'll find within:

Chapter One: Combat offers new rules for expanded com:
tat in your chronicles. The concepts presented here add detail to
the martialism inherent to the violent Dark Medieval world.

Chapter Two: Cainite Roads presentsan in-depth look at Via

Atoncea philosophical analysis of individual Roads and a discourse

on their function, this chapte a look at one of the fundamen

tals of Cainite existence that is all too often taken for granted.

Chapter Three: Bloodlines examines those enigmatic
vampires who walk the Earth, some of which fail to survive the
ravages of the Inquisition

Chapter Four: Disciplines discusses those powers inherent
toall Cainites. This chapter presents not only expanded powers
for truly terrifying high levels of mastery, but also a few unique
Disciplines that will either vanish with their parent bloodlines or
that lurk just beyond the veil of that which is holy.

Chapter Five: Matters of Faith delineates those aspects
of mortal existence that are beyond human will and control.
This chapter takes an in-depth look at Christianity, paganism
and Islam, with particular attention to how they relate to the
Dark Medieval world.

Chapter Six: The Dark Medieval Europe looks at those
things which are beyond Cainite control. How do vampires
eke out their unlives in this rough time? What mysteries does
Kabballah hold? Which military orders were active and where,
and which hunted the undead?

Chapter Seven: Infernalism takes a look at the dark
powers, which hide even deeper in the shadows than vampires
do. An insidious menace lurks at the fringes of the Lord's flock,
waiting to lure human and Cainite alike to eternal damnation.

Appendix: Bestiary provides statistics for animals, and de-

scribes the personalities that medieval folk ascribed to creatures


add your own, or fiddle with what is provided here. There isno

Csr THIS Book reason why you absolutely have to use new bloodlines or

Disciplines, just as there is no reason why you have to limit
The most important rule to remember is that it's your Yourself to what is printed here.
game. This book presents a myriad of new ideas and concepts In short, do what you want with any and all of this. You
for Vampire: The Dark Ages. Feel free to ignore any of them, — know what you like.



a

Combat

he life of rans lis]..nasty, brutish
and short.
- Thomas Dobbes, Leviathan
This chapter presents optional cules de-
Signed to enhance the combat in your
chronicles. Inicluded within are details on
mounted combat, sieges, mass vwoattave and
4 stapling as well as a word ot three on nevo
conbat maneuvers.
y hese cides ave included in the interest of
adding extca detail to the thrill of conbat
g Stoeytellers should consider cave: lly vohe ter
they wish to use these cides o¢ if they preter to
keep the systems rove stccoortdined. As al-
Y warps, the story is the important thing and
i if the cules intertere with it cast thern aside

FAB ED gpa CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT


SPILLING BLOOD

The backdrop of the Long Night is often the battlefield.
If a vampire is physically stronger than his enemies, he will
typically see no need to bother with parlay or courtly manners,
Like the humans they walk among, the Cainites of these dark
times settle dispute after dispute with drawn blades — or
worse.

Any number of combat situations may arise in a Dark
Ages chronicle. Vampires may attack one another on the
roads like common brigands, true, but Gangrel also squall
beastlike in the woods, and Ventrue and Lasombra hold
midnight tourneys, shadowed mockeries of the "legend of
chivalry." Nosferatu will guard their stinking havens as would
mother bears with cubs, and fevered Brujah philosophers may
well lash out at their detractors with whatever piece of oak
they find close at hand. However, a chronicle shouldn't
consist solely of martial pursuits; even a game based on the
battles of the Crusades should allow characters to dabble in
the intrigues and personality interactions of the war.

When blades are drawn, though, it's far preferable to
make the combat scene as vivid as possible. Gamespeak can be
clunky and out of place in a good dramatic sequence. Avoid
describing your character's actions by saying "I hit him" or "I
dodge." Detail your approach. Watch for your opponent's
mistakes, however slight, and capitalize on the weakness of
any move he may make. Feint. Parry. Use the terrain — dodge
around trees or lead him onto unstable ground. Disable him if
there's no time for a quick kill — if he's clutching desperately
at his spilt entrails, he has no time to menace you. Of all the
best battles in swashbuckling or medieval-setting films, not
one limits itself to a pair of antagonists exchanging clumsy
blows like a life-sized Punch and Judy.

Once again, we stress the importance of bringing dice
into combat scenesonly when necessary. Is there everany doubt
that the century-old Brujah cavaliercan swing effortlessly into
his saddle when necessary? Dice add a dramatic element of
chance, butalso slow the game down. Resort todice only when
the outcome of a scene is in question.

The following are a number of optional rules and guide-
lines for elaborating on combat in your chronicle. Incorporate
what you like; freely discard the rest. And if a rule ever
prohibits the game from proceeding in a dramatic and logical
fashion — don't hesitate to throw it out at once.

New MANEUVERS

Treat the following combat maneuvers as you would
those in Vampire: The Dark Ages, pages 194-195: They are
completely optional, but may add texture and detail toa fight
scene. Discard or modify them as you will. In addition, each
lists a prerequisite or two; not just anybody knows how to
hamstring an opponent in the midst of a duel.

DARK HGES COMPANION

ROLEPLAYING FRENZY
A vampire under the thrall of her bestial nature
is not the most calculating of opponents. Although
still capable of thought, a frenzied Cainite is unlikely
torely on tactics any more complicated than tearing
apart.a foe' 's armor and burowjne throigh pis chest

has etc ola tal the loss
of control handicaps"their ability £0 roleplay their
characters" afte? alla frenzied vampire isti0 longer
guided by her tonscious pefsoriality, Worse, suc-
cumbing to frenzy is obviously detriniental to a
Cainite's already blighted soul. This dread of such a
loss of control is a matter of taste, however; just
because you aren't roleplaying your character in her
usual rarefied sensibilities, you aren't condemned to
having no fun.

When the frenzy hits, roleplay it for all it's
worth. Ignore the crossbow bolts slamming into you
as you smash the baron through his oaken door.
Forget leaping for the mounted man-at-arms — hurl
his horse to the ground and rip him to shreds when
he lands next to you. And if you find yourself at some
sort of tactical disadvantage for your actions — what
of it? The play's the thing, and itis far better to make
the game more enjoyable for the troupe than to
timidly refrain from doing anything that might cause
your character inconvenience.

MELEE MANEUVERS

© Riposte: This technique isa lightning-quick strike that
follows a parry. If the character successfully parries an attack,
she may make a riposte as her next action — if she dodges,
moves more than a few steps or takes some other action, her
opportunity for a riposte is lost. The riposte's speed is its
advantage. If the character parries one turn and attacks on the
next, she gains two dice to her initiative Dice Pool to effect a
riposte. If her parry and riposte come in the same turn, they are
assumed to take place nearly simultaneously. A character must
have at least Melee 2 and Dexterity 2 to attempt a riposte.

Roll: Dexterity + Melee Difficulty: 6

Damage: As per weapon Actions: 1

* Tendon Slice: A talented fighter can slit the tendons
in his opponent's wrist or ankle, disabling his foe, This maneu-
ver can only be performed with blades. Characters must
possess Melee 4 and Dexterity 2 at least to use this maneuver.
Vampires may use this ability with their fangs or claws, but
only if they possess at least Brawl 4

Ifthe charactersuccessfully strikes, and causes at least wo
Health Levels of damage, the opponent's tendon is cut. If the
attack was aimed at the wrist, then the foe's hand becomes


, and he cannot use it to wield a weapon. A
ack directed toward the ankle will hamstring the
opponent, reducing a bipedal foe to 1/4 his normal movement
rate and a quadruped to 1/2 its move. Unless the ta
regenerate or is mystically healed, this injury will cripple him
for life.
Roll: Dexterity + Melee
Damage: As per weapon

Brawt MANEUVERS

* Choke Hold: Stealth is one of the greatest friends of the
creatures of the night. An expedient way of dealing with some

acles is to strangle them quickly, before they may raise an
alarm. To throttle someone, a character must first catch them
by the neck. Naturally, the victim may try to escape each turn
with a resisted Strength roll. If he fails to escape, he may take
no other action

et can

Difficulty: 9
Actions: |

On the initial turn of the choke hold, the victim takes no
damage, but may not speak or shout. The victim loses one
Health Level per turn after the first, as long as the assailant
maintains the hold. This damage may not be soaked. These
Health Levels are not as debilitating as normal damage; i the
victim survives, he may recover the strangling damage at arate

TOPE EE UE te g a bey ttt
TMRARRGATADINTR ANTTRR
in TA il

iM

\y
Wheel oy
l

|
|

of one Health Level per hour. Once incapacitated, however,
he is in danger; if the strangler sustains the hold for a further
number of turns equal to the victim's Stamina, the victim dies.
Vampires obviously cannot be throttled, although this maneu-
ver will keep them from speaking.
Roll: Dexterity + Brawl

Damage: Special

Difficulty: 7
Actions: |

* Gobbet Rend: Certain Cainites, realizing that their worst
enemies are always other vampires, practice certain combat
tricks intended tohampera vampire's fighting ability. One of the
more reliable ways to impair a Cainite is to limit his blood supply,
and this maneuver accomplishes just that. The vampire seizes a
hunk of his opponent'sflesh and tears itaway, preferably from the
heart orneck. Vampiresno longer pass blood through their veins,
sothe Cainite must rip away a gobbet that has been fully saturated
with blood. Enough vitae sprays loose with this attack that the
victim is sure to be inhibited

Only vampires with claws (Protean 2) or Potence of at
least 2 can successfully rend away a chunk of flesh in this
s damage as usual from the claw
attack or strike, and unless she soaks this damage completely,
she also loses a Blood Point. Naturally, this attack is sadistic
and devastating to the extreme when used on mortals, as well

AVA Veet yy \
Mh tH é
th

manner. The victim t


as something of a waste; the mortal is likely to messily bleed to
death, spilling far too much blood for most Cainites' tastes.
Although this maneuver will eventually fall from common
practice, it will endure as a secret trick in the arsenal of more
bestial vampires.

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 8

Damage: As Claw or Strike — Actions: |

¢ Joint Break: A brutal maneuver often used by frenzied
or sadistic Cainites, this involves seizing an opponent's limb
(typically an arm) and either bending it ina direction it wasn't
meant to bend or smashing the joint with a powerful blow. If
the victim takes any damage from this maneuver, her limb is
broken and useless until it heals. A character must have at
least Brawl 4 and Strength 2 to use this maneuver

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 8

Damage: Strength + 2 Actions: 1

¢ Neck Snap: Cainites often cannot be troubled with
mortal opponents, and this maneuver is an effective way of
disposing of such chaff. The character seizes his target's head,
and with a quick, brutal twist, snaps her neck. If the attack is
successful, roll damage as below. The victim may add her
Strength to her Stamina for soak purposes, but if any Health
Levels are unsoaked, her neck is broken. This means death, or
at best paralysis from the neck down, for mortal opponents.
Vampires may regenerate the damage as normal, but are
paralyzed until they do so. Werewolves and other supernatu-
rally fast healing creatures drop to Incapacitated, but may heal
from there as usual. A character must have at least Strength 2
and Brawl 2 to use this maneuver.

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl Difficulty: 9

Damage: Strength + 3 Actions: 2

SIGNATURE STYLE

Specialities are far more than a simple rules advantage:
They're opportunities to infuse your characters with further
vitality. Consider two vampires with Melee 5 swordfighting
Not very exciting in and of itself, is it? But if one is a Castilian
Toreador trained from birth with a family blade of fine
Spanish steel, and another is a Scottish Malkavian who's
stained his beloved bastard sword with many a man's blood —
now the duel becomes more interesting.

The specialties in Vampire: The Dark Ages are an
indirect way of granting players a rules advantage for fleshing
out their characters with a signature style. This advantage
becomes just as vital on the battlefield, and a good specialty
can add stylish touches to your battles that make the experi-
ence more than just hackneyed dice-rolling. This rule is
doubly important for Storytellers — players might not remem:
ber the dangerous and nasty-looking Tzimisce ghoul as clearly
as the Scottish autarkis who splintered a character's ribcage
with one swipe of his nail-studded maul!

DARK HGES COMPANION


The following specialties are presented to give players
and Storytellers a few more ideas. Not every soldier and thug
should use outlandish weapons or tactics, but a little variety
goes a long way.

© Brawl: Biting (leaned long before the Embrace),
Breaking Bones, Dirty Shots, Elbows and Knees, Eye Gouging,
Left-Handed Swing, Knockdowns, Trampling Fallen Foes

© Dodge: Close Quarters, Shields, Slippery Terrain,
Tumbling

© Archery: Crossbows, Distance Archery, Gut Shots,
Mounted, Penetrating Cover, Stapling, Throat Shots, Welsh
Longbow

© Melee: Avoiding Shields, Dismemberment, Family
Weapon, Hamstrings, Improvised Weapon, Lance

@ Rides Jousting, Leaping from the Saddle, Pursuit, Steep
Terrain

x
STAPLING

Cinematic combat is full of scenes where a character pins
an opponent toa wall, tree or other available surface. In many
swashbuckling movies and books, a fighter will usually catch
his opponent's sleeve or cape. However, in the Dark Medieval
world, it's more pragmatic to drive your steel through your
foe's flesh. This technique works best when you intend to take
a prisoner alive, particularly if you want him thoroughly
intimidated. Although this works best when your target is
unarmored, powerful longbows have been known to pierce a
knight's armor twice (once on the way in and another on the
way out), pinning his leg to his horse!

To pin someone's flesh to a surface, you obviously must
use a piercing weapon. The attack is resolved as Dexterity +
Melee or Archery as appropriate, but the difficulty increases
by two, to a maximum of 10. (Thus, pinning a man's hand to
a tree with a dagger strike is a mere difficulty 6, but doing the
same with a poleaxe's point is difficulty 9.) Roll for damage as
usual; the victim is allowed to soak. The Storyteller may allow
the victim an extra soak die or two, depending on how solid
the backing surface is. If you inflict at least one Health Level
ofdamage, the target is considered pinned. Unless the attacker
was specifically trying to badly injure the opponent, this
attack inflicts only one Health Level of damage. (After all, if
your intention was to kill your target, you likely wouldn't be
trying to pin him, would you?)

To pinacharacter by their clothing or mail armor, attack
as above. (There may be further modifiers as appropriate.
Stapling a Celt to a tree by the leather belt that is his only
garment is logically trickier than catching a peasant by his
oversized woolen tunic. The difficulty modifiers are at the
Storyteller's discretion.) It takes only two successes to staple
a cloth garment; four successes allow you to pin a fold of
chainmail toa surface. The number of required successes may
be increased at the Storyteller's whim, depending on the type

of surface you pin your victim against.

A pinned victim may tear loose by making a Feat of
Strength, with a required Dice Pool of anywhere from two to
six. This depends on where he was stapled and with what — if
impaled by a boar-spear still held by a maddened Brujah,
escape becomes more problematic than if his shirt was stapled
toa tree by a dagger. If pinned by a weapon through the flesh,
he must also immediately roll to soak an additional four Health
Levels of damage — armor does not apply to this roll. Obvi-
ously, stapling will not always hold an opponent for long; but
it will usually immobilize him long enough for you to put your
blade to his throat, or otherwise gain his attention.

WEAPON REACH

Entire battles have been won or lost by the force that fields
the superior weapon. In many cases, superiority is a simple
matter of reach. What good is a Gaul's sword if your spear slays
him before he can touch you? How fearsome is a knight's lance
if your pike takes him from his horse at a distance of 20 feet?

Although addinga"Weapon Reach" statistic would point-
lessly slow down combats, Storytellers and players should take
the relative scale of their weapons into account. It's purest folly
to draw a dagger and leap at a man with a bastard sword —
unless you can get inside his guard, you'll be hacked to bits
without ever drawing blood.

We recommend using the optional ruling on page 188 of
Vampire: The Dark Ages, and granting initiative to the
character with the longer weapon (in one-on-one combat, of
course). A Storyteller may allow Cainites with Celerity to
react on her usual initiative by spending a Blood Point for the
turn. A sword does little good if the creature before you moves
more swiftly than the wind...

Ifa character challenges an opponent whose weapon is a
good deal longer than her own, the difficulty of her Melee rolls
should be raised by one. This penalty can be increased to two
or three if the discrepancy is truly ridiculous (a skinning knife
against a seven-foot spear, for instance). This is doubly impor-
tant when one combatant is armed and the other isn't! A
talented Cainite can effortlessly take an untrained peasant's
pitchfork away and snap it over her knee; it's not as easy to
disarm a skilled knight.

Two WEAPONS

Although centuries will pass before Florentine fencing
truly comes into its own, fighting with two weapons rather
than one is an old concept. Cutthroats will sometimes draw a
knife with each hand, certain barbarians prefer two hand axes
to one, and a warrior armed with paired longswords may win
a fight through intimidation alone. Directing two separate
attacks with separate hands isn't as easy as simply drawing
them — it requires a certain level of coordination and skill. A
character must have Dexterity + Melee pool of at least fivedice
to properly use two weapons at once

CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT


Storytellers have a number of options for adjudicating
two-weapon combat. Perhaps the simplest method is to in-
crease the difficulty ofa foe's Melee attacks by one, just as if the
second weapon were a smaller shield (Vampire: The Dark
Ages, page 193). A character who wishes to attack with both
weapons ina round either splits her Dice Pool or uses Celerity;
no modifiers need apply.

Lenient Storytellers may also allow character who fight
with two weaponsan additional die in their Melee pools. If the
character uses Celerity to attack twice, or only makes one
attack in a round, then she doesn't get the benefit of the extra
die. The extra die is only added to the Dice Pool when the
character splitsher pool to make an attack with either weapon,
strike with one weapon and parry with the other, or to parry
two (or more) incoming attacks. If the pool isn't split, the
character isn't fully taking advantage of both weapons and
doesn't receive any benefits. Storytellers may wish to limit this
bonus die only to characters with the specialty: Two Weapons
in their Melee Skill.

Alternately, a Storyteller may simply adjudicate that a
character using two weapons may use the Double Strike
maneuver (Vampire: The Dark Ages, page 194) more effi-
ciently, In this case, the combatant may use up to his Dexterity
+ 2 dice for each attack, rather than his Dexterity + 1

DARK AAC COMPANION

MountTep CoMBAT

Trace the word "chivalry" to its roots and you'll find a
word for "horse." The horse separated the destitute from the
elite, the peasant levy from the knight. Throughout the Dark
Medieval times, no unit won more battles for its armies than
the cavalry. Although the Dark Ages rulebook gives some
rough guidelines for mounted combat, the use of the horse in
combat is so crucial that it deserves further exploration.

Naturally, not all coteries will be mounting destriers and
trampling ghoul peons with abandon, unless the Storyteller
sets up the chronicle around the concept of vampiric knights
ornobles, each of whomare entitled to ride from place to place.
For one thing, horses, even the most broken-down jades, are
horribly expensive. Peasants plow with oxen or mules; only the
elite are entitled to keep horses. And the expense of keeping
a stable? Preposterous to any but the lords of a dominion.

Vampires face a second problem when attempting to ride
rather than walk. Horses (like all animals) are distinctly
uncomfortable around the walking dead. To ensure proper
cooperation, most Cainite cavaliers feed their warhorses
vampiric vitae, thereby creating strong and loyal ghouls. With
the addition of a little Animalism, the master controls the
mount almost as easily as she would her own hand. The
Tzimisce, of course, often take this practice even further: The


Fiends' war steeds are commonly horses in genetal appearance
only, having been shaped into equine terrors with razored
hooves and the mouths (and appetites) of predatory beasts,

Remember that while mounted, your Dice Pool to attack
uses the Ability Melee (or possibly even Archery or Brawl) or
Ride, whichever is lesser — if you are a poor horseman, your
swordsmanship will suffer. In addition, if you suffer damage
from a blow when mounted, the Storyteller may call for you to
make a Stamina + Ride roll (difficulty depending on how hard
you were hit) to remain in the saddle.

A character who is unhorsed or thrown might suffer two
to four dice of damage, depending on what he lands on (soft
peat will likely not injure one at all, but landing on cobble-
stones is painful). This damage is soakable as usual (unless you
land for some reason in a firepit — or worse....), An unhorsed
character also runs the risk of being trampled, atthe Storyteller's
option (sce below),

JOUSTING

Although no Cainite will ever partake of the sunlit glories
of ahuman king's tourney, many a prince of the Long Night has
been recently enamored of the fledgling sport of tilting. This
trend is likely to continue as mortal society moves into what will
be called the Age of Chivalry. For those troupes who don't mind
adopting the mildly anachronistic practice of jousting a little
early, or those who choose to roleplay ina later setting than the
early 13th century, a few words on jousting are hereby included.

The jouster's primary goal is to unhorse his opponent,
although countless variations persist among Cainite society.
Some Lasombra count a joust as ended only once the defeated
vampire is trampled beneath the hooves of the victor's animal.
Other princes disdain the use of the.lance, and require that
their knights attempt to knock one another from the saddle
with a ball-and-chain. (Repeatedly swinging such a weapon
requires such strength of arm that these matches usually go to
the Cainite most learned in Potence.)

Jousting itself is relatively simple: Both horses begin on
separate sides ofa partition, and charge full-tilt at one another.
Each jouster aims the lance to best unhorse his opponent,
while placing his shield so best to deflect his rival's lance.

In game terms, each jouster makes a Dexterity + Melee roll to
accurately place his blow; shields adjust the difficulty as usual.
Unless the two are using weapons of unequal length, both blows hit
simultaneously — there's no need to roll for initiative. If both are
unlucky enough to miss, they ride past one another, wheel their
mounts around, and try again. Ifonly one is accurate, then he makes
an opposed Strength + Melee roll against his opponent's Stamina
+ Ride. Success means he unhorses his foe.

Ifboth weapons strike true, then each player must make two
more rolls. The first is a Strength + Melee roll (difficulty 6) to
unhorse his opponent; the second isa Stamina + Ride roll to resist
being unhorsed himself. The difficulty of the second roll is 3 + the
number of successes the opponent made on the first roll (maxi-
mum difficulty of 10). For example, Lord Caius and Signor

Magdiel manage to strike one another in a pass, Caius' player rolls
4 successes on his Strength + Melee roll, and adds two more for
having Potence 2. Magdiel's player rolls 5 successes, and has no
Potence to add, The difficulty of Magdiel's Stamina + Ride roll
is9, while Caius must roll against difficulty 8. Both vampires score
at least one success, and remain in the saddle — at least until their
next pass. Obviously, humans are at a great disadvantage when
jousting against vampires; most princes do not consider such
unequal matches sport at all.

Incidentally, it is possible to be injured while tilting. Story-
tellers may call for damage and soak rolls (the typical jousting
lance is not lethal, and doesa mere Strength + 1 damage) during
ajoust. Characters using shields should receive an additional two
soak dice, presuming that their opponents are attempting to
unhorse them traditionally, If the contest becomes more lethal
in intent, consider it mounted combat as usual. These jousting
rules do not properly reflect standard mounted combat, and
should only be used for sporting events.

TRAMPLING

Although some animals readily trample predators as a form
of defense, any person unfortunate enough to be in the path of
any large animal might find himself thrown to the ground and
trampled. If the trample comes asan attack (for instance, froman
elephant), then the attack is resolved as usual, and the target may
dodge. If the target is prone, he may still dodge, but the animal'
difficulty to trample him is reduced by 3.

However, it's entirely possible for a person to be run over
by a herd of animals, a coach, a mounted knight or a human
mob simply because he was standing in the wrong place. In this
case, there is no attack roll — the character is assumed to be
automatically trampled. He may make a Dexterity check to
avoid damage entirely — the difficulty and number of suc-
cesses needed dependson the number of pounding feet he must
avoid. If he fails this roll, he may still soak damage as usual.
This damage is not considered aggravated.

Successes

Trampled by se
neede

Difficulty
to avoid

Damage

6 dice
Tdice

‘Horse 7)
Warhorset 6
CBR AEE 5
Cavalry
charge 9 dice
Mob 9 BPA 8 dice
Notes:t If the rider is deliberately trying to run the
victim over, she may make an opposed Manipulation +
Ride roll against the victim's Dexterity + Athletics.
This counts as an attack which cannot be parried, only
dodged. The difficulty is 8 for an poorly trained horse,
7 for a well-trained horse, or 6 for a warhorse.

10 dice


SIEGES

The Children of Caine have always had quite a taste for
mortal politics. Some few are even credited with orchestrating
the rise and fall of entire kingdoms. In more refined times, a
vampire's involvement with politics is usually covert and
subtle; but in the Dark Medieval world, a Cainite's manipula-
tion may take the form of outright war. After all, if you have
made an enemy of a prince, why not influence mortals to lay
siege to his city at the same time youdo? And think of the story
possibilities if the coterie wakes one evening to learn that
armies have surrounded their home...

Sieges last for days and months. Vampires have to retum to
their havens or find temporary shelter during the daylight hours
of an ongoing siege. Being captured by the enemy or caught out
too late can result in Final Death. Then again, what better way
to break the will of a besieged or besieging enemy than to sneak
over the castle or city wall each night and feed on those beyond?
Lords and generals who are wise to the existence of vampires may
even call upon their services in a siege, whether to force the
inhabitants to capitulate or to drive the attackers away

Horror after horror awaits the besieged. Starvation can
drive the desperate to cannibalism. Attackers would often
faunch rotten animal corpses or other filth over the enemy
walls, sapping their opponents' strength through pestilence. A
Cainite must feed carefully under such conditions, or risk
further endangering her supply of blood. Truly, such a situa-

DARK [IG

tion canbe horrific as the citydwellers raise wails to Heaven for
deliverance that may never come. But if one is searching for
new ghoul servants, the desperate make excellent candidates
for a "deal with the Devil."

Thankfully for vampires, most sieges die down at night.
When an army must light fires to see, they give up any hope of
concealing their movements — their firelight is good for
illumination only to a certain point, but is visible from quite
a distance more. Cainites are thus safe from most of the
fighting, with one exception: Once the besiegers deem the
target sufficiently weakened, they sometimes make their final
attack at night. Thus, it's entirely likely that the one battle in
asiege in which a vampire might become involved is the battle,
the one that decides who wins and who loses.

A siege story can bringa great deal of drama toachronicle.
First, the coterie might well be involved in local politics to the
extent that they witness (or even precipitate) the events
leading up to the siege. When the attackers arrive, the charac-
ters may scout out the opposing army to see what forces are
arrayed against their home city. (And notall of the opposition
must be necessarily human; a rival Cainite will likely tag along
to assist in the destruction of his enemies' havens. To say
nothing of the Lupines or magi...) As the siege is drawn out,
city dwellers gradually grow increasingly desperate; infighting
and desertions may stir a riot or frantic atrocities as humans
turn on one another like terrified rats, Perhaps a traitor makes
plans to open the gates for the attackers in exchange for his life


—what would the characters do if they learned of this? Maybe
one of the characters is struck by a catapult shot fired by a
restless enemy; maybe the besiegers start a fire that drives a
character into the Rétschreck. And then the final strike lands;
the walls are breached, or the gate is forced open. The
characters must then fight with all their cursed might, or lose
their havens to fire and the sword.

PERILS OF WAR

Humanity is a clever beast. In the millennia since Adam
and Eve's expulsion from Eden, mortals have developed al-
most countless methods of killing one another. Siege weaponry
is a prime example: Soldiers on either side of the walls are
subject to numerous forms of attack, from boiling pitch to
catapult stones. Ifa Cainite is involved in the battles, he may
well find himself cast into the Final Death before he knows it.

If a character is unfortunate enough to be struck by a
ballista bolt or catapult stone, she will likely take anywhere
from 10 to 15 dice of damage, soakable as usual. (A note:
Ballistae fired bolts of such size that forging a metal head would
have proved uneconomical. Therefore, their points were
typically sharpened, fire-hardened wood. If pierced through
the chest with such a projectile, a Cainite will likely be forced
into torpor. Although the inaccuracy of siege weaponry issuch
that a deliberate "heart-shot" is all but impossible, stranger
things have been known to happen.)

INCENDIARIES

Fire is a devastating weapon, but it's hard to control.
Armies are usually careful about using raw fire against their
foes, as a blaze may well sweep back and engulf them as well.
Fortunately (or not, depending on your position in a battle),
humans have developed several alternatives, and can deliver
the sheer destructive force of flame on their foes without
having to worry as much about accidentally destroying them-
selves. The following substances might well be encountered
by Cainites involved in a human battle; vampires may also
readily use these weapons on one another. Each of these
burning agents causes aggravated damage, and are soaked as
fire (Vampire: The Dark Ages, page 200).

Boiling Oil

Perhaps the most familiar tactic for repelling besiegers is
by dousing them with cauldrons of boiling oil. Oil holds its
temperature better than water, and takes some time to cool
down. Damage from boiling oil is usually difficulty 7 to soak,
and the slightest spark can visit even greater harm on unfor-
tunate victims. Even the survivors of such an attack bear the
scars for life, and their horribly melted flesh is usually excuse
enough for most villages to drive the wretches into the woods.

Boiling Tar/Pitch

Even worse than boiling oil, tar and pitch stick to their
targets, continuing to do damage until washed off or cooled
down, Injuries from boiling tar or pitch are difficulty 6 to soak;
like fire, the Health Levels depend on how much of the

character is covered. This attack can scar victims even more

horribly than boiling oil. Cainites lucky enough to survive

such an experience have had the flesh boiled and seared to the

very bone, disfiguring them as thoroughly as any Nosferatu.
Heated Sand

Another clever method of repelling armored invaders is
the use of heated sand. Defenders heat the sand until it is hot
enough to cause injury, then dump it on their enemies. The
sand sifts effortlessly through the cracks in armor, but doesn't
run back out as easily. The results are accordingly gruesome —
Knights can be roasted alive in their armor like shellfish. A
victim will usually have to strip away his armor toget free of the
sand, endangering him even further — archers often wait to
loose on any survivors. Heated sand is difficulty 6 or 7 to soak;
obviously, armor cannot add to this roll.

Greek Fire

Fire is bad enough, but the chemical concoction of Greek
fire is even worse, for water will not extinguish it. This dread
Byzantine weapon has thankfully fallen from mortal hands by
the 13th century, but certain vampires may well have pre-
served itssecrets for exclusive use against their rivals. Naturally,
the Cainite struck with Greek fire will almost certainly fall
prey to the Rétschreck, particularly if he tries to douse himself
with water and fails. The "fire that will not die" raises the
difficulty of Courage rolls by one once its nature is learned;
being burnt by Greek fire requires a difficulty 9 Courage roll,
or the character loses all reason, and may continue vainly
trying to outrun the flames or pour water over himself until
Final Death takes him. Needless to say, this weapon is used
only in the direst circumstances; the possibility of a backfire
worries even the most malicious of Cainites.

Greek fire adheres to whatever surface it strikes, and is
exceedingly difficult to wash away. Targets may only extin-
guish it by fully immersing themselves in water or otherwise
completely smothering the flames. It is difficulty 6 to soak, and
is considered aggravated damage of the highest order.

CAINITES AND
OPEN WARFARE

What are the medieval times characterized by if not by
massive armies of armored men? They swing swords and axes,
stomp around on snorting warhorses, fire swarms of arrows and
charge maniacally into each other with a mighty clash of steel,
The Dark Medieval times are no different. However, this is a
world in which vampires lurk in the night and have influence
over the battlefield, if not directly, after sunset, then through
proxies during the day.

This section is designed help you stage mass battles
between armies in your Dark Ages games. We're not talking
about moving miniatures around on a table. This is about
Storytelling the chaotic, horrific, violent and destructive
nature of warfare — with vampires and ghouls in the thick of

CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT


itall. These rules avoid blow-by-blow confrontations and the
conventional dice rolls of the Storyteller System. Rolling for
each sword swing would be boring and woulddeny the bloodlust
of battle.

These rules capture the insanity of warfare in broad
strokes with emphasis put on individual characters. Armies
are certainly on the field, but Cainite and ghoul characters
face off against the individual opponents who stand in their
way, and are largely oblivious to events elsewhere in the fray.

Imagine major battle scenes in movies like Braveheart,
Henry V and Excalibur. Now imagine yourself in the midst of
such a battle, only you're undead. One of Baron Friedrig's
footmen bellows insanely ashe chargesat you with an ax raised
over his head. Two more men have just killed one of your
mortal allies and are turning their attention on you. Anenemy
knight is about to bash you with his shield. Combatants
struggling behind you suddenly crash into your back, knock-
ing you off balance. The ground under your feet is slick with
blood. You're about to frenzy. The Beast demands a taste of
everyone. Now roll dice to account for it all. Difficult. You
want to know what the enemy general is doing 300 feet away?
Unlikely

The ideas that follow are meant to be used to depict battle
scenarios, resolve them with a minimum of rolls, and convey
a frenetic, ultraviolent atmosphere while concentrating on

the individual in the story

LEAD UP

Mass battles don't just occur spontaneously in the Dark
Medieval world. There are hundreds and sometimes thou-
sands of men and horses involved. They need to be mustered,
organized, armed, transported, camped and fielded before a
single arrow can be fired. The process takes weeks, sometimes
months to complete. When a battle is waged, it's anticipated
by and prepared for by all parties, Cainites included.

If you want to stage a mass battle in your game, make sure
that there's sufficient motivation for it — that there's a story
behind it. If the vampires know the mortal leaders who are
feuding, they can influence those lords to declare war. (The
Cainites might even be the leaders.) Even if undead aren't
applying their influence, mortal wars need to be fought over
important issues, usually land or the simple desire to wipe out
the enemy. Don't just thrust a major battle into your chronicle
for its own sake. (Although traveling vampires who "stumble"
across a battle is justifiable.)

The point is, mass battles are major affairs in mortal and
Cainite spheres. They take extreme motivation to initiate and
alot of time to execute, They shouldn't be waged every other
game session. One per chronicle is a good rule of thumb. A
chronicle could even be based on impending warfare, with the
climax occurring with the battle itself

DARK AGES COMPANION


Wuo ArE WE FIGHTING?
I CAN'T SEE)

You may have already realized the inherent difficulty in
staging large battles that involve vampires: Medieval battles
are usually fought by day, not by night. This is where you have
to take some liberties. Mass battles might be fought by night
for any number of reasons, from premature contact between
enemy troops to surprise attacks staged after dark.

Major battles don't have to be fought at night for Cainites
to get directly involved, though. Nocturnal skirmishes and
raids on enemy camps can prelude or follow mass battles.
‘These would be hit-and-run affairs, but still large enough to be

aged with the guidelines presented here.

Daytime battles can also be played out through ghouls
that players adopt temporarily. Sure it's fun to be a vampire, to
tear open enemy soldiers, gorge on their blood and throw
around numerous Disciplines, but ghouls come aclose second.
They're two or three times stronger than the average mortal;
some are deranged enough to gorge on the enemy; and some
even have more than one Discipline at their disposal.

Ultimately, if you stage a battle scene that involves more
combatants than characters can count at a glance, use these
mass-batele rules. If a smaller fight occurs, run it with the
normal Storyteller rules.

If you want to go so far, you can adjust difficulties (+1) for
mortal attacks made at night. Cainites clearly have the advan-
tage when itcomes to fighting in the dark. It'seven likely forblind
mortal forces to attack their own allies — or be tricked into it.

Just remember, ifCainites get involved ina majorbattle that's
fought at night, dawn is inevitable. A typical battle won't last more
than several minutes, or at most a couple-of hours. Vampires must
be able to take shelter after the chaos of the battle is done.

WINDs OF FATE

It's important to establish a story behind a mass battle to
make warfare realistic and convincing. It's also important
because that story often determines who will win the fight.
Storytelling a battle scene can get out of hand when the
Storyteller has no vision for what can happen. Many people
are killed and injured, and vampires are probably left standing,
but to what conclusion? If a battle is large enough, not even
vampiric efforts can change the inevitable course of things
(there are only so many soldiers that a Cainite can slaughter
before even she is overwhelmed by the masses). The Story-
teller should therefore know who will win a mass battle before
it begins, and under what terms (total rout, attrition, uncon-
ditional surrender, conditional surrender or perhapsa standoff).

With an established outcome, a battle becomes a plot
element rather than the be-all and end-all ofa story. There are
tepercussions that the remaining story addresses, and by
deciding the winner of the battle in advance, the Storyteller

knows what those repercussions will be

Don't underestimate the players to turn the tide of events,
though, no matter how firm you think the outcome of a battle
is. Players always do their best to ruin the best-laid plans.
Cainitesare going to hunt down opposing leaders and personal
enemies on the battlefield. Army generals are often easy to
find. They're typically surrounded by entourages and aides,
and stand aside from the fray where they can observe events.
Singling out an enemy leader means wiping outhis bodyguards
and agents, but that's not impossible for powerful or cunning
vampires.

Ifageneral or significant lord isassassinated, not even the
destruction of the enemy may salvage'a victory for the dead
lord's army. Everything that the lord sought to accomplish is
probably lost, unless some successor can pick up the torch.

That said, havea contingency plan in mind for your story
if characters undo your planned aftermath. Duke Oswald is
found dead — and pale white. Can his frail son find the
strength to inspire the-army's captains and carry the victory
that they won? What if the Cainites visit Oswald's son in his
field tent and make him a casualty, too?

ae
Te Docs or WAR

Ph (viniaaa ec ibarayenainttedlasigrted trom theiidividual
perspective. Youdon't playa general who moves troops around
(unless your characteris the general), but rathera single person
who is caught in battle, where death can strike from any angle
at any moment; éven fot a vampite, Characters have no time
to plan, reconsider decisions or sometimes even think —
combat is a barrage of confrontations and chaotic events.
Instinct is the rule. The Beast is virtually irresistible.

A medieval battle typically occurs in regulated stages.
Archers (ifany) fire first and maintain fire until friendly troops
enter the field of fire. Foot troops march across the field and
charge over the last few yards to the enemy. Cavalry (usually
armored knights) is either sent forward before friendly infantry
tocrash through enemy lines, or issent in after infantry attacks
to pursue routed enemies. Lightly armored cavalry units may
skirt the battlefield in order to flank the enemy. Cavalry can
also be used to counter oncoming cavalry attacks. The winner
of the battle is usually the force that can hold its ground; most
battles are won when enemy units flee.

The true battle is fought when forces clash. Individuals in
the mob face constant obstacles and threats. The Storyteller
should never let up on characters caught in the fray. There
should be someone (or multiple opponents) to face at every
tum. Likewise, terrain and events should constantly conspire
against each character. The following is a list of challenges
that a vampire can face in any — and every — moment of
battle:

* Multiple opponents attacking from various directions
(agiven and a constant);

* Blood-slick, rough or cluttered ground that makes
footing difficult;

CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT


* Falling bodies (human and horse);

* Random arrows, spears, axes, rocks, helmets and shield
flying through the air;

* Charging units of troops, whether infantry or cavalry,
engaging or fleeing from the enemy;

¢ Burning arrows, terrain, buildings, opponents and the
all-time favorite, oil;

© Barriers and obstacles that impede travel (rivers, gul-
lies, ridges, fences, buildings, barricades, stake walls and troops
waiting in reserve);

* Vision-obscuring smoke; and

© Disoriented troops that mistakenly attack their allies.

Throw a variety of these situations and events at them at
all times, whether they stand still and wait for threats to come
to them or try to make their way across the bacctefield.

A battle usually lasts from six to 10 turns before the
outcome is decided. (A turn can amount to a few seconds to
a couple of minutes, depending on events.) After that time,
remaining enemies are dealt with, captured knights are es-
corted away to be ransomed, and routed foes are pursued. It's
at this time thar frenzied vampires have achance to coal down
and compose themselves, assuming they aren't hunting down
fleeing troops.

7
Tue Rates

To stage mass battles quickly and dramatically, we have
simplified the Storyteller combat system into a few represen-
tative rolls. You're welcome to change these rulesas yousee fit,
but it's recommended that you put emphasis on storytelling
over cumbersome rolls.

The heat of mass battle persists for about six to 10 turns.
In that time, each character faces a variety of opponents and
obstacles that the Storyteller throws at him. The players
declare actions as usual, even though their characters may be
separated from each other.

INITIATIVE
Initiative is based on Dexterity alone; characters with

high scores act first, characters and opponents with low scores
act later.

Actions

Each vampire or ghoul gets as many actions in a single
mass-combat turn as he has Dexterity dots. Each "dot" can be
used to attack, perform some quick action, run around, leap,
heal or activate and use a "quick" Discipline such as Talons of
the Beast. (Treat each dot as a turn would be handled in the
normal Dark Ages combat rules, except that most characters
have Dexterity scores of two, three or more, so characters will
be able to accomptish a lot in each "mass- combat turn.")

Ifacharacter wants to attempt more than one action with

adot, use thenormal multiple-action rules; Dice Pools are split
between actions. Otherwise, Dice Pools are not split among

DARK AGES COMPANION

actions taken with different Dexterity dots, If a character
dedicates one dot's action to attacking with a sword and
leapingaditch toavoid pursuers, the Dice Pool issplit between
the actions. If the same character dedicates his next dot to
making another attack, the attack receives a full Dice Pool
(dice aren't allocated among the three actions, only the two
that "share" a dot).

Possession of Celerity doesn't necessarily increase the
number of times that a character gets to act in mass combat; on
a narrative level, everyone performs several actions without
any defined time parameters. However, possession of Celerity
allows a character to escape a confrontation or move to any
other spot on the battlefield almost instantaneously, all at the
expense of one Dexterity dot's action (and a single Blood
Point, as usual), Escaping confrontations might mean avoid-
ing five opponents, a failing horse and rough terrain afl at the
same time. Celerity doesn't immunize the character against
the attack roll that's made against him in the turn (see below),
but it does allow him to avoid specific dangerous situations.

Activating and using Disciplines typically demands a full
turn, regardless of how many dots of Dexterity the Cainite has

- all dots are used up. Disciplines are more demanding than
melee attacks and quick actions because they usually require
the vampire's full attention, and concentration is difficult to
maintain in full-blown battle. Imagine a vampire who at-
tempts to use Dominate on a foe. He has to catch the target's
eye, hold his attention and then act on that bond. That also
assumes that the target is capable of eye contact when con-
sumed by battlelust. Meanwhile, the vampire tries to ignore or
escape all the distractions around him.

Some Disciplines (ones that activate or are used in mo-
ments), can be applied like normal attacks or actions — with
Dexterity dots. The Storyteller and player are left to decide
what is a quick-to-use power, although the Storyteller is the
final arbiter.

If the Storyteller chooses, attempted uses of Disciplines
over a whole turn can demand rolls to determine concentra
tion. Roll Wits against a difficulty of 6. If the roll succeeds, the
character uses his Discipline as intended. If the concentration
rolls fails, disruptions on the field ruin the attempt. A botch
delivers some tragedy upon the character. A Willpower point
can always be spent to ensure that a Discipline is used success-
fully, negating the need for a concentration check.

EFFECTS OF ACTIONS

Being on a battlefield is obviously extremely dangerous,
not only in terms of hand-to-hand combat, but in terms of
random mishaps and unexpected incoming attacks. Anenemy
soldier can swing a sword at a vampire, but arrows also fly
through the air, terrain shifts make footing difficult, and
objects crash into combatants, These "coincidental" dangers
are reflected in this system, but in a simplistic way that keeps
events moving quickly.


SPILLS AND MisHaps

At the beginning of each mass-combat turn, a player
should make a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 6). If the
roll succeeds, the character maintains his footing for the turn
and manages to account for all coincidental dangers around
him, suchas falling knights, charging troopsand rough terrain.

Ifthe roll fails, the character loses one of his Dexterity-dot
actions for the turn. No damage occurs to him, but he loses the
ability to act as often as normal because he falls down, rushes
to get out of the way of stampeding horses, ot is temporarily
pinned under a heavily armored knight (the actual circum-
stance is determined by the Storyteller). A Discipline that
requires a full turn to activate or use can still be applied when
acharacter's Dexterity + Athletic roll fails, but a concentra-
tion roll (see above) is mandatory to use the Discipline

If the evasion roll botches, the character loses all of his
actions for the turn while impeded by some event on the field.
Not even Disciplines can be activated or consciously used
Disciplines that are already in operation continue as long as
they don't require the vampire'sconstantattention. Iftheydo,
they cease functioning.

Note that this roll to escape most mishaps does not
account for special maneuvers that a character attempts in a
tum. Ifa Cainite wants to leap a ravine, a separate action and
roll is required. The "evasion" roll at the beginning of the turn
simply accounts for accidents that occur on the field.

BLoop AND GorRE

Attacks staged by vampiresand ghouls are resolved quickly
and have sweeping effects. A character's melee, brawl and
missile attacks are rolled for normally (with a Dice Pool of
Dexterity + Melee for sword attacks, forexample), except that
astandard difficulty of 6 is used. For every success rolled, one
opponent is "dispatched." The victim iskilled, gravely wounded,
runs in fear or is knocked unconscious. The opponent is no
longer a threat; no Health Levels are counted.

Ifmultiple actions are performed with asingle Dexterity dot,
dice allocated to any attacks are still rolled, but the number of
opponents that can be eliminated is obviously reduced

Use of Disciplines typically dispatches a number of oppo-
nents equal to twice the rating of the power (a three-dot power
eliminates six opponents). Of course, if a Discipline has
specific parameters and would affect certain targets or a par-
ticular area of effect, the appropriate number of targets is made
into casualties instead. Ultimately, it's not the quantity of
bodies that a vampire piles up that's important, but the need
to strike quickly and fatally in order to survive. No one has
time to keep a body count during batele

CREATIVE CIsk OF DISCIPLINE

Disciplines can be used ina variety of ways in battle, and the
Storyteller is encouraged to be flexible with their application. If
a player proposes use of the one-dot Mortis power Masque of


Death to turn an enemy soldier into the walking dead, and the
vampire sends the victim back into his own lines, more than the
standard two enemies will be affected. Large number of enemy
troops will flee the "corpse" before someone strikes him down
The rule of thumb is: If the player comes up with a convincing,
even if somewhat illegal effect for a power, allow it. Since
Disciplines can only be used once per tum, granting them wide
affect makes their use more dramatic.

Players should be inventive with Disciplines. Nocturne
can be used to blanket the enemy in darkness, but it can also
be used to hide allies or cloak the enemy's objective. Awe can
be used to convince enemies to leave a vampire's presence, but
they might also be convinced to fight their allies for a turn
Interred in the Earth can be used to hide, but can also be used
to spring from the ground and surprise opponents. Disease
could be used on one victim and the vampire could point at
him and shout "leper." Everyone, friend and foe, would flee the
target. Using Disciplines in obvious ways undermines their
potential and diminishes one of the most significant differ-
ences thatexists between Cainite and mortal on the battlefield

Artractine A

Using Disciplines or multiple attacks to dispatch
large numbers of enemies atone time provesa vampire's
might. However, it also attracts the attention of en-
emy leaders and champions. When a hole suddenly
opens inaline of troops, lords tend to notice. That can
mean a hail of arrows directed against a specific ¢
acter or might mean a charge by lance-toting, heavily
armored knights. [n that case, add two dice to a mortal
counterattack Dice Pool (see below) for the'turn.

COUNTERATTACKS

Cainites in battle face a number of different opponents in
any given turnas the tide of battle shifts. Individual vampires
get multiple opportunities to act and attack in a turn of mass
combat; they are supernaturally powerful and are the heart of
the story, so putting emphasis on them makes sense. The
Storyteller doesn't want to roll attacks for every mortal com-
batant who squares off against a Cainite, though. Mortal
counterattacks are therefore represented by a single roll in
every mass combat turn. (Mortal attacks on vampires are not
rolled for every action — every Dexterity dot — that a
vampire takes in a turn, but for a whole turn.)

The Storyteller makes a generic roll of five dice (difficulty
6) against each vampire, each turn. This roll represents attacks
specifically directed against a character, but also encompasses
random attacks such as stray arrows, erratically thrown weapons,
wild swings and blows deflected from other targets. Double the
number of successes made in the attack roll and use the total as
a damage Dice Pool. The vampire's Stamina, Fortitude and
armor still form a soak Dice Pool that reduces damage successes.

DARK AGES COMPANION


Mortal attacks on Cainites should be considered aggra-
vated every second or third turn of combat. Aggravated
attacks include flaming arrows, boiling oil and perhaps even
blessed weapons (priests bless armies and sometimes weapons
before each battle).

If the Storyteller makes an attack roll, aggravated or not,
and achieves five successes, the targeted vampire is impaled
through the heart and is immediately thrown into torpor. In
this case, a lucky arrow, spear, stake or broken ax handle
pierces the vampire's heart.

The traditional Dark Ages rules for shooting a vampire
through the heart (page 192) are superseded by these rules to
reflect the constant danger and chaos inherent to mass battle, as
it is impossible for a vampire to anticipate every attack made
against him. It is also for this reason that no attack made against
aCainite in mass battle can be dodged as usual in the Storyteller
combat system. Not even automatic heart impalings can be
dodged. Again, the battlefield is nota place for the frail or delicate.

Mass ComMBAT AND ToRPOR

(Cainites face-a greater: threat of impalement in
mass combat than in perhaps any other circumstance.
Flying missiles and weapons can pierce the heart at
almostany time dnd without warning. TheStoryreller
should convey this danger to alert players to the
jeopardy that their characters are in. A nearby mortal
soldier might suddenly fall screaming and clutching at
his heart, an arrow piercing straight through his chest.
A knight might ride by with an enemy impaled on his
lance —again pierced through the heart. Such images
bring home the threat that vampire characters face —
perhaps'to the point of making them reconsider their
necessity on the field.

Fear can be especially intense if Cainites get word
thatanenemf lord kdows of their existence and ishunting
vampires on the field. That knight riding by with the
impaled victim on his lance could be the lord in question.
How long could it be before he confronts the characters?

Dramatic MoMENTs

What cinematic, mass battle would be complete without a
personal duel between the story's heroes and villains? Dark Ages
battles are no different. Characters are bound to hunt down and
confront personal enemies and enemy leaders. Stage such duels
with the traditional Storyteller combat rules, with a distraction
thrown in from time to time. An enemy soldier might come to
his leader's defense and assail a Cainite, while a soldier allied to
the Cainite might stab atan enemy leader. Such distractions can
be dealt with by adding to the difficulty of an attack made against
the other duelist, or by diminishing the Dice Pool that either
duelist has touse ina turn. Ultimately, the intruding combatants
shouldn't remain for more than a turn before they're suddenly
dispatched or they run off

MoraLeé

Mortals in Dark Medieval times are extremely supersti-
tious. When they see another "person" tear the head off of an
opponent and start drinking, they get upset. The opponents
that a vampire dispatches in mass combat already include
soldiers who are frightened away. However, ifa Cainite makes
a tremendous or dramatic display of power, such as use of the
Obtenebration power Nocturne, more than the "normal"
number of opponents is affected. Fear ripples through enemy
troops. If several soldiers suddenly fall or flee, others run, too.
The Storyteller must decide how widespread panic is. Just
remember that broken morale tends to have a Je effect;
when some start running, more follow.

FEEDING

Mass combat offers plentiful opportunity to feed, whether
during or after battle. Treat feeding during combat as a full
turn's action (as if a Discipline is used). Assume that all 10
Blood Points are drained from the victim.

Observers of a feeding, if any, probably don't realize what
they witness in the flurry of events. Alternatively, they are
horrified by what they see but don't have the opportunity todo
anything about it. Indeed, a Nosferatu or deformed Tzimisce
could reveal her full form in mass combat and the overall
course of the battle would go unchanged, nor would the
Cainite face repercussions afterward

FRENZY

Very few vampires caught in the thick of battle can resist
the Beast. The immediate threat to life and limb and the flow
of blood is just too much to resist. The temptation to frenzy is
automatic; no single Control/Instinct roll determines if a
vampire can resist frenzy. Rather, each Cainite immediately
enters into the five-success extended action of resisting the
Beast (difficulty 6), as detailed in Dark Ages (page 202). If fiv
successes are achieved, the vampire takes control of herself.
Otherwise she is blood-crazed and largely remains that way
until the end of the battle. All the bonuses and penalties of
frenzying apply to these mass- combat rules.

EXAMPLE OF PLAY

The following is an example of how a mass battle is staged.
Only two turns of actual rolls are outlined, but they convey a
sense of how a whole battle is played.

Anatole wryly wamed Baron Sumpter that outright rebellion
against the local duke was madness. There were other ways of
freeing Duke Astor from the influence of the centuries-old vam-
pires who controlled him, Unfortunately, the enraged Sumpter
refused to listen to a "demon." And so the Malkavian found
himself in the thick of a futile battle, a nighttime attack meant to
surprise the duke's forces, As Anatole expected, Astor's mortal
army was ready for the move, Now the Cainite feared for the life
of his impetuous friend... but had to laugh all the same

CHAP COMBI


In this scenario, the Storyteller has established the premise
for a mass battle in his chronicle: A mortal baron has been
duped into committing rebellion by conspiring vampires.
However, the baron has the guidance and protection of his
Cainite comrade Anatole.

The Storyteller has already determined that Duke Astor
is prepared fora nocturnal attack, thanks to supernatural spies.
The Storyteller decides that the heat of battle will last only six
turns before Baron Sumpter's forces are routed.

Anatole has a Dexterity of 4. He may therefore take four
quick actions in every turn of mass combat, or may perform
one "longer" action, such as using a Discipline.

At the beginning of the first turn, Anatole's player,
Justin, makes a Control/Instinct roll (difficulty 6) to resist
frenty. It succeeds, so Anatole remains crue to his plan of
protecting the baron

Next, Justin rolls Dexterity + Acrobatics (difficulty 6) to
see if Anatole avoids mishaps and coincidental events. That
roll fails (but doesn't botch), so Anatole loses one action this
turn. The Storyteller declares that a unit of charging soldiers
forces Anatole away from the baron, and time is lost getting
back to the lord's side.

In his first action, Anatole confronts three enemy soldiers
with his sword. His Dexterity + Melee Pool is eight (difficulty
6). Justin gets five successes and dispatches the three soldiers,
plus two others who flee at the sight of the carnage.

The Storyteller tells Justin that Anatole's second action
is lost as the vampire is forced aside by the unit of enemy
soldiers, discussed above.

In his third action, Anatole lashes out at the unit that
pressed him to the wayside. Justin rolls two attack successes, so
two soldiers are disposed of.

In his fourth action, Anatole strides forward to engage a
captain who is marshaling troops against the baron. Justin calls
an impressive six successes. Not only does Anatole hack the
horse out from under the captain and the knight is crushed
under his steed, but he decimates five men who try to heed the
captain's call!

At the end of the turn, the Storyteller makes a counter-
attack roll against Anatole. Five dice are called (difficulty 6).
The Storyteller decides that because Baron Sumpter is the

target of the enemy army, and Anatole is his defender, this
attack is aggravated. Two successes occur. That means four
dice are rolled in the damage Dice Pool. Three damage
successes are achieved. Anatole soaks one of them (he has
Fortitude). The Storyteller announces that during the course
of battle, Anatole has been struck by a flaming arrow and
forced into a burning haystack. Justin marks off two aggra-
vated Health Levels.
That's the end of the first turn.

DARK AG

Inthe second turn, after successfully resisting frenzy again
andavoiding mishaps this time, Anatole uses his Dementation
power Haunt the Soul to implant visions in the minds of the
soldiers who charge the baron's position. Justin hopes that
their insane screams will frighten off other soldiers, too.

The Storyteller calls for a concentration roll (Wits, diffi
culty 6), which Justin makes. Haunt the Soul is a wo-dor
power, so four enemy soldiers are driven screaming from the
field (they witness Baron Sumpter as something far more
horrific than the normal man he is). The Storyteller decides
that others are affected by Anatole's power as well. The
Storyteller rolls a die to determine how many other soldiers
flee the baron's presence, for fear that he is more than he
appears.

After another counterattack roll against Anatole (not
aggravated, this time), the second turn is over.

In the following turns, Anatole falls into frenzy and fails
to protect Baron Sumpter as he sates his bloodlust. The baron
is struck down, throwing the Malkavian further into madness
Though Duke Astor's forces win the battle, they are mystert
ously whittled down on the long trek back to their manors
Justin announces that Anatole seeks revenge against the
knights in the duke's army, and that Astor will be killed last
awarningto theancient vampires who control the mortal lord
The Storyteller must now adapt this mission into his ongoing
storyline

FAYFTERMATH

After the heat of battle cools, one side (usually the one
with the most troops left standing on the field) is the winner
The losing side is typically broken, with survivors surrendering
or fleeing. Cainites can use this time to pursue routed enemies
or to feed. Frenzy typically wears off at this point, too, and
characters must decide what to do next in the story, If dawn
approaches, they undoubtedly seek shelter. Conspicuous
Cainites like Nosferatu need to disguise themselves or face
garrisons of troops who assume that such creatures can only be
allies of the enemy.

CONCLUSION

In theend, no matter how a mass battle is staged, it should
be exhilarating and terrifying at the same time, even for
supernaturally powerful vampires. Neither players nor charac-
tersshould have the chance to take stock of events. Characters
may not even know that their presence on the battleground
means their demise, at least not until the smoke clears and it
becomes clear that enemy soldiers have won the field — and
now close upon the monsters.


SaMMAary OF CoMBAT RULES

require a whole turn to use. The number of targets affected
by a Discipline is equal to twice the rating of the power
(unless the power specifies otherwise).

* The heat of mass combat lasts from six to 10 turns.
© Vampires immediately begin extended action rolls
(Control/{nstinct, difficulty 6) to resist frenzy. One roll is
made per mass-combat turn, Five successes are required to
gain control,
¢ Each' character, checks Dexterity + Acrobatics
(difficulty 6) to‘avoid mishaps and pitfalls in each turn.
# Initiative is based of Dexterity; characters with high
ct first as Dexterity dotactions and tumsare resolved.
* A vampire gets as many "quick" actions (attacks,
maneuvers, chances to heal) in a mass-combat turn as he
has Dexterity dots. A single dot that's dedicated to mul-
tiple actions requires that the Dice Pool be split,
* Attack Dice Pools are rolled normally (difficulty
6). For each success, one opponent is eliminated.
© Disciplines that do not have instantaneous effects

* A concentration roll (Wits, difficulty 6) may be
required to use some Disciplines in the midst of battle;
Storyteller's discretion,

* Each vampire is subjected to one counterattack roll
per-turn, It has a Dice Pool of five (difficulty 6). The
number of successes is doubled, and that is the number of
dice rolled in the damage pool. This damage can be soaked.

* Attack rolls made against vampires are considered
aggravated every two to three tums.

# Ifan attack made on a vampire scores five successes,
the vampire is impaled through the heart and is immedi-
ately sent into torpor.

* No attacks can be dodged.

CHAPTER ONE: COMBAT



To Dis Wlost Cugust Wlajesty, Prince
Antonio Bellatonte of Genoa, Uceetings?
3 pray this letter fintds Yeu prosperous in

these difficult fires, and your dominion
untroubled by farnine or war. WMuehhas been
saidin Spain of your qveat city, the gatevwoarn
to the Dolly Land, and of your just and feiv
rule of Gainite and mortal alike. Greatly do 3
desive fo see your foie city, and great vwoas my
joy) UPON ceceiving you sumons, but if is
with heacy heact that for nove 3 must for-
bear your generous hospitality. d amcequired
tonret other obligations, both to muylearned
beethren and to my prince, vohich compel me
to cermainin Seville Vet I would not bea true
childe of the Sru; were) tovefusea cequest
for the spread of knowledge, so vwohile I can-
not attend on you in person, please accept
thisletter, which teust voill provide, to your
satisfaction, all the knovoledge of the Cainite
Roads that you may cequice.


)

Sy
LD a.

We are all pilgrims on a Road, from the first moment we
awaken in the Embrace. Do you recall your first impressions of
unlife, Your Majesty? The coldness, the emptiness inside, and
then the terrible hunger, as the blood of Caine awakened the
Beast within? It focuses all of our urges and hidden desires into
asingle, raw need that is horrifying in its strength and purpose
While the newborn babe comes into the world fighting for air,
the newborn Cainite awakens fighting for his heart and mind,
and the battle is never truly won. Defeat means becoming a
monster, with no memory of what it once was.

So we must struggle against the domination of the Beast,
each according to our nature. We reinforce our minds with
structure and logic against the next onslaught of mindlessness.
A cchilde of Caine must drive himself to seek a meaning for his
newfound existence, a code of behavior that will define his
actions, because it gives him discipline and strengthens his
presence of mind. What is more, these systems of ethics

provide a refuge, a point of reference to accept our existence
as vampires. Unlike the mortal world, with all its ready
explanations, a childe lives a life of mystery and secrets
Sometimes we find thar the truth about what we are can be too
much to bear, and the Road is there to offer us refuge.

In the course of my studies, | have determined eight Roads
that encompass the philosophies of the moder world. Herein
I shall describe them, and their followers, in detail, save one
Of the Road of the Devil | will not speak, save to say that it is
no true path at all. Better to surrender to the Beast than
welcome Hell onto the Earth. | will not take part in spreading
its deceit.

Before | begin, let me first dispel a myth. There is no
arcane formula for determining what Road a Cainite walks
One cannot simply consider nature, demeanor and clan, and
then derive a predictable answer. We are not such simple
ciphers! A man's pretense is too often a false face, for how
many rogues have been shown to hide noble hearts? And who
would thinka Tzimsice would follow the Road of the Beast, yet
it is sometimes so. Oftentimes, the choice of Roads is not a
conscious one, but an unknowing reaction to a Cainite's
newfound existence. In general, an individual's nature will
largely determine which Roads are most agreeable to follow
A true rogue could not take the Road of Chivalry to heart, any
more than a just prince could dedicate himself to the Road of
Paradox. Each clan, by its nature, tends to espouse particular
Roads that keep with its ideals, but ultimately the choice
belongs to the childe. Following a Road for the sake of a clan
rather than the dictates of one's heart has led more than one
Cainite to a tragic end.

In the following passages, I have tried to illustrate the
different beliefs of the seven major Roads in the words of their
adherents, along with my own observations. You will also find
various archetypes that are agreeable to each Road, the clans
that favor a particular Road and why, and various physical
details of the believers that may be of interest to Your Majesty

DARK AGE

» \be gsors

COMPANION

‘Vis BESTIAE -
THE ROAD OF THE BEAST

The Gangrel's eyes never left mine as he crawled backward into
deeper shadow, out of the moonlight. He dragged the body of the
woodsman like a dog clutching a rabbit, his jaws locked around the
throat of his prey. [heard flesh tear, and he began to feed. Foralong
time it was the only sound in the hollow ruins of the old millhouse

"Twalk no Roads, Brujah," he said at last. His voice was like
a hinge that had been left to rust. "I am true to myself. Lam a
vampire, acreature who feeds on the blood of men. The hunger was
with me when L awoke in the grave, stronger than anything I have
ever felt before. Itfilled me with strength and sharpened my senses,
so | rose from the damp earth and began to hunt. The darkness was
alive that night, and I moved through it like one of your petty kings
When I found my prey [ let it run, just for the joy of the chase."

He rose from his meal and began to pace, moving with swift
strides, His form was slightly hunched over, as though uncomfort-
able with walkingerect. There was a nervous energy, a tension that
seethed in him, like a caged beast
Near dawn, I found a cave in which to rest, I was not afraid
of what I had become. Rather, I was at peace. Do you know why?
Because I had no need for riches, or for the favor of some cowardly
noble or for the blessing of a sneering priest. Those things were for
the sheep on which I fed. [had become like the wolf, accepting the
animal urges within me. It made life simple and complete

He threw the woodsman at my feet. The body's woolen tunic
was dark with spilled blood. "Drink of an honest kill for a change,
scholar. You and your scheming brethren are little better than the
cattle you feed upon. You think to bury your nature under courts
and laws, pretending you are still human, that nothinghas changed
Your cowardice sickens me."

The Gangrel was a blur of fluid motion, leaping to the
windowsill. He was tall and lean, and wore nothing more than a
simple linen tunic that reached to his knees. His hair was a tangled
mass that gave shadow to his pale face. "Drink or do not drink,"
he said, the red summer moonlight gleaming in his eyes, "but leave
this forest before dawn. These are my hunting grounds. If find you
here again, | will take you for my prey."

Most Cainites struggle forever against the Beast within,
because its raw savagery cares nothing for compassion, reason or
regret. It paces and hungers, the soul of a predator, and we hold
it at bay for fear of what its urges may drive us to. We hold toa
desperate belief that whatever we have become, we are not
animals.

Those who follow the Road of the Beast say we are living lie.

These ferals accept the bestial instincts that arise with
the Embrace as the natural condition of the vampire. Driven
by instinct tohunt and feed on human blood, they see themselves
as akin to the bear or the wolf, and retreat into the wilderness to
live like any other animal. This is almost always an unconscious

reaction — sometimes a person becomes a feral because the

knowledge of his damnation is too much o bear, and his terror

and shame compels hit to forget his human existence. Only a
rare few, disdainful and bitter with mortal society's corruption,
choose to deliberately abandon themselves to the wild,

While it would be easy to dismiss the Road of the Beast as
nothing more than uncontrolled barbarity, its philosophy in
fact hasan enviable simplicity, and isas principled as any other
Road. A feral thinks of himself as a creature of the wilderness,
subject to the laws of nature like any other animal. When he
hungers, he feeds. When tired, he rests. When cornered, he
fights. The weak must perish so that the strong may survive. As
aresult, the feral's mind is always on the moment at hand; the
past is dead, and the future will take care of itself. He trades
reason for instinct, wisdom for impulsiveness, and acts on his
urges as they arise. By doing this, he maintains a balance with
the Beast within. Rather than hold it back, he gives it release.

Like the animal, a feral is unfettered by doubts, ambitions
or by any of the other distractions of the reasoning mind. He
sees the world in absolute terms — predator and prey, good and
evil, friend or foe. Asa result, he hasno patience fordeceit, and
is brutally honest in his dealings. This single-mindedness,
however, also makes him dangerously short-sighted. At best,
a feral will only consider the most immediate consequences of
his actions, which can be a potentially fatal mistake. This
perspective also leaves him prone to manipulation (but woe
unto the manipulator should he be found out).

On the surface, the Via Bestiae may seem chaotic, but a
feral is bound by a definite code of behavior. He must establish
a territory of necessary size to provide good hunting for
himself, and then keep it free from rivals, He kills only when
he must, to feed or to defend himself or his territory. The feral
avoids cruelty and maliciousness as muchas altruism, for those
are all seen as "civilized" traits. When he fights, no quarter is
asked and none is taken. He must avoid material desires and
the trappings of mortal society. Last, but most important, a
feral must maintain his freedom at all costs. He owes no prince
allegiance, and is bound by no law but his own. Few things
inspire dread in a feral as much as the thought of the Blood
Oath

Ferals tend to lead solitary existences, sharing a healthy
contempt for mortal and Cainite society. They are intensely
wary of any new element in their environment, and are
instinctively mistrustful of people. When interacting with
others, they are blunt and forthright, and have no patience for
small talk or pleasantries. While it is not impossible to earn a
feral's trust, such favor comes only with time and patience.
Friendships of a sort can be forged, but the feral will always
keep himselfat a distance, unwilling to be drawn too deep into
the ways of social interaction. In cases where a feral chooses to
become part of a group of Cainites, he often assumes a packlike
mentality, looking out for other "pack members" while at the
same time vying with the "pack leader" for dominance. The

feral will accept leadership only from someone whom he can
respect


By nature, ferals tend to be of a type that is self-centered
and antisocial. A barbarian ora rebel might choose this Road
out of contempt for civilization and its decadence, while a
loner might seek the wilderness because the ways of people
were never welcome to him. A hard-bitten survivor of life's
misfortunes will sometimes take to this Road, because he
favors abandoning restraint and living by wits and strength.
There are also rogues who occasionally turn to this Road,
preying on the weak to feed their selfish desires, but this is rare.

The only clans that routinely lay claim to the ferals are
the Gangrel, the Nosferatu and, to some extent, the Tzimsice.
Many Nosferatu flee into the deserted places of the world in
horror at what they have become, and seek the Road of the
Beast ro forget what they once were. The Tzimsice cultivate
attitudes in keeping with this Road, opening themselves to
their Bestial urges; some of their number have been known to
embrace this Road wholeheartedly (much to the embarrass-
mencof their peers). But the Gangrel by faris the clan with the
most claim to this Road; they actively teach its ways to their
childer, invoking the animal natures within them.

Ferals can runa wide range of appearance, from naked and

filthy co armored in leather and furs. Their clothing is simple,
atten dirty, and threadbare, usually a patchwork collection of
items stolen or taken from unresisting prey. They have no
interest in jewelry or ornamentation, looking on such with
disdain. Ferals tend to avoid the use of tools or weapons,
preferring their natural abilities inste:

Via EqurraM =
THE Rowb OF CHIVALRY

The knight, his eyes grim and purposeful, strode past my
protesting servant and into my chambers. He wore his full suit of
mail, armored head to toe, and his sword hung from a worn
scabbard at his side. I stood, bewildered, a scroll dangling loosely
from my hands as the warrior knelt before me.

He looked at me expectantly. | frowned. "What do you
want?" T asked.

"Lam Geoffrey of Anjou, my lord," the knight replied. He
had a square-jawed face scarred by war, with a patrician's nose
and cold-blue eyes. His voice was coolly civil. "My lord the Prince
of Seville, Miguel del Santos, sends his deepest concern for your
safety and well-being, and has commanded me to watch over you."

Then understood. "This is about that bloody rumor, isn'tit? Those
Moorish zealots have no interest in a simple scholar such as myself!"

The knight's face hardened to a mask of resolve. "It is no
rumor, my lord. The prince's agents have leamed, for a fact, that
the caliph in Granada has sent an Assamite to destroy you. Youare
more than merely a simple scholar to the prince. He values your
counsel in all things."

More is the pity," I said in disgust. I threw the scroll onto the
table before me. "This is madness. What? Does the prince believe
my duttes would be better served by setting watch over my every

move? | have no wish to be nursemaided by a knig

DARK AGES COMPANION

Geoffrey of Anjou was unmoved. "I cannot help that, my
lord. I must protect you regardless. I have given my oath upon it
When the Assamite comes, | am bound to defend you at the cost
of my own life, if I must." The knight hazarded a tiny smile. "Of,
course, | would rather he paid for it, instead."

"You are damned forthright for a Lasombra," | snapped, trying
to think of how to send the knight back without insulting the prince.

At this the knight bristled slightly. "I am no Lasombra, my
lord. I serve the prince, but | am a Ventrue."

Iewas a few moments before I regained my composure. "How
is chat again?"

" challenged the prince in a trial by combat, and was
defeated. He accepted my yield, in exchange for a year and a day
of service." He might have been speaking about the weather,
explaining an obligation that would have humiliated any other
member of his clan

I pulled up achair, suddenly needing to sit down. "Let me see
if I have this straight. You are a Ventrue, in service toa Lasombra,
who has commanded you to protect a Brujah."

Geoffrey nodded solemnly

"And you do this of your own free will?"

"And to the best of my ability, my lord. My honor demands it."

Inadark age of treachery and brutality, the Road of Chivalry
is a difficult and demanding Road, dedicated to honor, courage
and nobleness of spirit. Sadly, the Road's greatest challenge
comes not from the Beast within, but out of keeping one's
integrity intact amid the tangles of Cainite politics and intrigue.

The Via Equitum is a philosophy passed down as a sacred
trust from sire to childe, charging each paladin to take responsi-
bility forhernewfound powers and touse them for the betterment
ofall children of Caine, rather than herown lot, The paladins see
themselves as the caretakers of Caine's vision, whereby all
Cainites should live in harmony, among an honorable and
selfless society. Some of my learned brethren maintain that this
Road found its origins in Carthage, our lost utopia. I must
reluctantly dispute this. Though a paladin's ideals are indeed
noble, her ethics and honor are largely reserved for vampires
alone. Mortalsareseen asnoble animals, like the stag or the eagle,
and afforded the respect such creatures deserve. They are to be
treated fairly and honestly, but that is all, Paladins mortal
as their equal no more than they would a horse or a hare.

What is interesting to note is that this Road deals with the
urges of the Beast in an almost back-handed fashion. Paladins
focus on the obligations and responsibilities that come with the
power of the Embrace. To them, the Beastis no different from the
terrible temptations any mortal is prone to, though it is given
greater strength in proportion to a Cainite's greater abilities. By
devoting himself to selfless service and the cultivation of honor,
apaladinrisesabove his dark nature. In fact, itis this rigorous self-
denial that ultimately makes this Road so effective — the
paladins' focus is on their works rather than their needs.

The philosophy of the Road of Chivalry is deceptively
simple: With power comes the obligation to use it wisely and

productively, The implication is that what can be given can


also be taken away if the recipient proves himself unworthy.
To demonstrate that he is in fact warthy of his gifts, a paladin
must treat them in the spirit with which they were given,
generously and respectfully. This is why a paladin is obligated
to defend those weaker than himself, and sacrifice his own
needs in favor of a greater good. Again, it is noteworthy that
this applies to Cainite society only.

The paladin seeks to lead by example and elevate all
vampires to be worthy of Caine's vision. His ethics are de-
signed to reflect this, and are thus more formal and detailed
than those of other Roads. In his dealings with other Cainites,
a paladin is respectful, generous with his hospitality and
mindful of others', He is honest and, in all things, acts with
honor. His oath is an unbreakable bond. (Seeking to place a
paladin under Blood Oath is seen as a severe offense to his
honor and integrity, and constitutesa grave insult.) A paladin
is taught to uphold the Traditions in all endeavors, and to
uphold the station of the prince, if not necessarily the prince
himself. Most of all, paladins promote justice and fairness.

They are bound to protect the weak and intercede on behalf
of those they believe to be innocent of wrongdoing. In battle,
a paladin is courageous and fierce, but ready to show mercy
shoulda foe offer toy

eld. Enemies who yield toa paladin must
meet the paladin's terms of surrender and uphold them. This

is called parole, and if the foe breaks it, the paladin will follow

him to the ends of the Earth to see justice done. For these
reasons, many think to equate the paladin with a warrior. This
is not entirely true. What is central to the Road of Chivalry is
its sense of duty and honor. This can hold true for scholars and
artists, poets and troubadours.

Because of their ethics and honor, paladins command
great respect in most courts; unfortunately their dedication
and rigid code of behavior also makes them targets of manipu
lation by clever Cainites. More than one paladin has learned,
too late, that his code of honor has made hima pawn in some
elder's scheme. Indeed, there are tales of certain Lasombra who.
delight in taking these principled vampires and leading them
to ruin — no inference made to Your Majesty, of course!

A paladin Embraces childer whose mortal natures show
signs of selflessness and integrity —the knight who fell defending
his land and his loved ones, or the noble condemned for defying
his king on a matter of honor. Fanatics are occasionally chosen
because their single-minded zeal gives fuel to their beliefs.

Lam loath to admit it, but paladins are most often found
amid the Ventrue clan. This is primarily because the Road of
Chivalry had been tied to the nobility and the noblesse oblige from

innings. Lately, the ideals of the Via Equitum have a
found favoramongst my brethren in the Brajah clan, going hand

child

CHAPTER TWO: CAINITE: ROAD:


A paladin chooses his appearance with care, seeking to
reflect his ideals. He will be well-groomed and dressed with an
emphasis on practicality, not style. His weapons and armor
will be well-used but carefully maintained.

Vin SERPENTIS ~
Tue Road oF TYPHON

"What do you want?" the stranger asked. His smile was
warm and friendly; his dark eyes gleaming with comradely mis-
chief. "Everyone wants something. What is your secret wish?"

There was a full moon shining over Damascus, washing the
empty streets with silver, Somewhere distant, a voice rose and fell —
one of the sultan's guards, keeping his watch. We sat, the stranger and
1, atop the roof of the palace, lost in shadow. He had come upon me
as I was working my way into the palace archives. At first I suspected
that my activities had at last come to the attention of the prince of the
city, but this was no attempt at waming or arrest

"Secrets were not meant to be shared," I said with a touch of
wariness. "Else why would they be secrets?"

The stranger smiled again. There was a presence about him,
a relaxed charm that was subtly disarming. "Very well said
Clearly, though, you have come to Damascus for something. It is
possible that I may be of some help to you."

| found myself tempted to ask him what he knew about the
palace. | had not been able to learn anything about its layout or
guards, and was forced to trust in my native abilities to get inside.
"As you can see, | am seeking a way into the palace."

"You are trying to reach the sultan?"

"Notatall," I said quickly,

The stranger nodded. "Something else then. You hardly seem
a thief, so it is not treasure you are after... ah! | know. You seem
a scholarly sort. You are after the archives."

All I could do was nod. If he could help me find the scroll,
would his aid not be worthwhile? "I cannot dispute this. But you
haven't explained why you are so interested in helping me."

The stranger bowed. "We are all pilgrims, my friend. By
helping one another fulfill our desires, do we not come that much
closer to our own goals? Now tell me, which of the scrolls of al-
Azaar do you seek?"

The news stunned me. "There is more than one?"

"Oh, of course," the stranger said mildly. "The scroll of
Caine is but the first. He also wrote one for each of the Three
Riddles of Nod. I'm surprised you did not know this."

I could not believe my luck, after a hundred years of search-
ing! "I had come to believe the others were only a fable. And you
know where they are?" My distrust was fading, like frost in the
sun. Was I not old, and wise in the ways of the world? It might be
that this Cainite meant me harm. If he did, I was certain I could
look after myself. Would it not be worth the risk to have not one,
but all four of the scrolls of al-Azaar?

The stranger smiled. "Two are below us right now. The
others are here in the city."

I weighed the risks against the gains: all four scrolls... "And
you can take me to them?" I asked

DARK [AGES COMPANION

"Nothing could be easier."

And so I let him lead me to those objects that I most desired.
It was much later that I realized I had never told him I was seeking
the scrolls of al-Azaar.

It is in the nature of the children of Caine to live
according to a code that betters our lives while avoiding those
behaviors which degrade us. We struggle for the righteous
path, that we may be free from sin. The Road of Typhon would
have us believe that in doing so we live but half a life.

The defiler's logic is seductive. Beware his honeyed words,
and his brotherly demeanor! To do good works is of course a vital
part of life, but what about our tendencies for evil? If we are not
exploring those parts of our soul, can we say that we are truly
living full lives? How can it be wrong to indulge our sinful urges
—did not God put them there forus? Only by fully exploring our
natures can we find our way to Heaven. More than one domain
hasfallen in fire and blood to the workings of the Followers of Set,
after the indulgence of such entreaties as these.

The defilers abandon themselves to evil, seeking to cor-
rupt everything and everyone around them. Rather than resist
the urges of the Beast, they actively seek to lose control of
themselves and reject all self-control or restraint. In this way,
they open themselves to degeneracy and decay.

A defiler is driven to spread the taint of corruption to
everything he touches. By the ruination of his victims, he learns
tounderstand the nature of evil. Defilers are thus naturally drawn
to people of great virtue or influence; members of the Church are
favored victims, as is the nobility. A defiler works with patience
and craft, learning his victim's secret desires and hidden hatreds,
and then exploits them without mercy. He gives his victims
everything their hearts desire, knowing that by feeding their
dreams he builds ever-greater appetites. Before long, their needs
tum todemands, and from there the descent intoevil truly begins.

By definition, it seems the defiler is free from ethics of any
kind. His beliefs demand that he divorce himself from any
sense of structure or control. By the same token, he is driven
toattack those institutions that seek to maintain authority and
control, More than one domain has been rotted from within,
its prince driven to cruel excesses while a defiler provokes the
elders to rebellion. When the fires finally dwindle, nothing
remains but ashes and sorrow.

The Followers of Set seek out those mortals whose natures
are self-interested and ruthless, Any manner of rogue is fa-
vored for her selfishness. Autocratic individuals are chosen,
for their desire to control the lives of others. Fanatical minds
are valued for their unquestioning devotion.

Ofall the Cainite clans, only the Followers of Set can be
said to cultivate the Road of Typhon. They in turn spread its
taint wherever they can, luring other vampires down their
dark and twisting path. All too often, they are successful.

In appearance, most defilers seem innocuous, even harm-
less, and are often handsome and charming. They wear attire
that will appeal to their victim of the moment. There are dark


tales of defilers, well-advanced along the Road, who are so
riddled with corruption that their appearance becomesa thing
of terror and madness.

Vis PARHDOCIS ~
THE Roab OF PARADOX

The Ravnos found himself before the court, bound in chains
of dark iron. He bowed his head, ostensibly in defeat, though |
couldn't help but wonder whether he concealed a smirk. Silence fell
over the hall as the prince took to the dais.

Prince Miguel del Santos drew himself up to his full height. The force
of his presence filled the chamber. "Stepan Krothos, you are charged with
robbing the churches of Seville, Pamplona and Madrid—"

"And Toledo, Don't forget Toledo," the thief said

The prince glowered down at the thief. "How do you plead?"

Krothos looked up, his expression thoughtful. "After due
consideration, I must declare that I tend to plead on my belly, with
lots of whining and the occasional bit of hysteria. I've found—"

"Are you guilty or innocent, you impious wretch?" the prince
thundered

"You mean, did I steal all those gold-plated, jewel-encrusted
relics your men found on my person? All those bishop' signets, and
the collection plates? Hmmm. I'm ina fickle mood, so I'm going

to say ‘innocent'."

An outraged murmur broke from the assembled elders of
Seville. "You are a bold soul indeed, Stepan Krothos, to trifle with
the sentence of Lextalionis," Prince Miguel said gravely. "Your
depredations and the manner in which they have been performed

have stirred the Church to anger and threatened the Sixth Tradi-
tion, What did you have to gain by committing these crimes?"

At this the Ravnos looked visibly relieved. "Oh! Is that all?
Well, you see, I—"

The prince held up his hand. "Stop. What do you mean, ‘is
that all'?"

"Oh, nothing, You wanted to know what I had to gain? Well,
Thave this dream of rolling naked in a pile of gold coin—"

"Silence! Do not attempt to mock this court with amateurish
diversions! You can answer my question, or we will see if a hot coal
will loosen your tongue."

"Oooh! No need to experiment with that idea. I just... well,
I don't guess it will hurt. He'll just deny it anyway."

"Deny what?" Prince Miguel leaned forward, his brows
furrowed. "Who will deny what?"

The thief's face was a study in apprehension. "Well... promise
you won't be angry? I'm sure he wanted it for the best reasons—"

"Guards, fetch me ahot coal!" the prince roared. The soldiers
leapt eagerly to obey.

"Juan Salazar, the Brujah elder, told me to find a holy relic
thought to contain the tears of Michael the Avenging Angel!" the
Ravnos said in a single breath, his eyes wide with fear.

"That's alie!" shrieked Juan Salazar, shooting to his feet. Shouts
of surprise and outrage erupted amongst Salazar's supporters. Other
nobles considered the thief's words, and began to whisper amongst
themselves. More than one head nodded in understanding

CHAPTER TWO; CAINITE ROADS


"See, | told you he would just deny it! But does anybody
listen? No..."

"I will have order in these chambers!" the prince cried.

"T will not be accused like this!" Salazar shouted back. "I've
never met this criminal before in my life!"

"Now that is absolutely true, Your Majesty," Krothos con-
firmed. "He was very careful not to be seen with me. We did all
our dealings through intermediaries, particularly his lieutenant,
Don Aldovar. Salazar is very sensitive about his position here at
court, considering his own ambitions for princedom. I think he was
afraid you might feel a little threatened if he was found out."

Prince Miguel tumed a calculating gaze on the Brujah elder as the
chambers erupted into chaos. "This is madness!" howled Salazar

T was the only one close enough to see the Ravnos' little smile

Tt certainly is," he said quietly, surveying his handiwork

My learned brethren have a saying: Ask three Ravnos
what Road they lead and you will get six different versions (or
nine if they need extra time to empty your purse), Vagabonds
and thieves, heedless of laws or fealties, they move through the
courts of Europe like wisps of colored smoke, restless as the
wind. Where they choose to linger, chaos takes reign, but
again like smoke, they vanish when hands reach to trap then
They practice deceit without lies, thievery without malice
sensclessness with purpose. Many Cainites sneer and call the
Ravnos madmen, but there is a queer method to their mad.
ness. In their paradoxical existence they find as much meaning
and purpose as any other vampire

To understand the beliefs of the fool, one must first
consider how we, mortal and Cainite, define existence. Every-
thing has a meaning and function in the world —a definition,
if you will. Chair, horse, Lupine — these names define certain
things, and imply functions and relationships that describe
how they fit into our picture of the cosmos. With these and
other names, we give structure and order to the universe. In
doing so, we become everything that the fools oppose.

The fools' belief is more of an anti-philosophy: Existence
isaconstant flux of shifting energy; creating, existing, dissolv-
ing. When mortals see a thing and name it, they fix its
characteristics, and its "energy" becomes trapped. If too much
of this "energy," called weig, becomes fixed and stagnant, the
universe dies. It is no great surprise that most Ravnos regard
the ancient Greek philosophers with unalloyed hatred, Plato
being one of their darkest invectives.

The philosophy of the fool is to invoke chaos, promote
insanity and challenge established perceptions. This liberates
weig, and isthe reason behind the Raynos' incessant trickery. For
aslongasa victim believes the fool's lies, his perception of reality
changes. The same can be said for a fool's thievery. By the

"selective redistribution of possessions," he alters individual

realities, promoting that most blessed of all states: confusion
There is a more sinister aspect to the fool's beliefs in
1 to his kindred. Cainites by their very nature are potent
stores of trapped weig, fixed in that state by the will of the
Methuselahs, Asa result, the destruction of powerful elders is

DARK AGES COMPANION


not only permitted, but encouraged. Fools also seek out
powerful items, such as holy relics or talismans and seek to
destroy them in order to liberate their weig. Only the most
potent (or lunatic) fools attempt such acts, but they can gain
great respect if successful.

Rather than struggle against the Beast, the fool embraces
its urges, oftentimes amplifying them. It becomes a valuable
tool of unpredictable expression.

The fool avoids the dictates of ethics. Ethics involve too
much structure. The fool's Road drives him to constantly keep
people guessing, to keep them unsure about the fool, them-
selves or anything. The fool changes names and personalities
like quicksilver, unwilling to trap any weig. The challenge for
fool isin knowing how farhe can torment his fellow vampires
before they elect to stake him out for the sun tofind. There are
domains in Europe where the law forbidding the killing of
another Cainite is waived in the case of fools. Justifiable causes
are all too easy to come by.

By nature, a fool tends to be one who had little use forsociety
in mortal life. Jesters are most favored, but so are rebels, for their
contempt of the status quo. Fanatics are also chosen for their
single-minded drive. Sometimes a rogue is chosen, but only ifhis
self-interest is tempered by a certain foolish recklessness.

The Road of Paradox is the bailiwick of the Ravnos. There
are Malkavians who have been known to share this anti-
philosophy, but whether by accident or design, who can tell?

The fool changes his appearance as often as possible.

Vis CHELI ~

Tue Roab OF HEAVEN

They stood shoulder to shoulder in the ruined church, filling the
air with shouts and pleas for salvation. | waded through the mass,
trying not to dwell on the rotting faces, or the look of hope gleaming
wildly in their eyes. The stench of decay hung heavy in the air.

I made my way to the altar where the padre stood. The lepers
surrounded him at a respectful distance, their hideous features
transported with awe as he ministered to one of their own.

She knelt at the padre's feet, a girl of perhaps fifteen (it was no
longer easy to tell). The priest looked down on her and smiled, his face
a picture of gentle love. He held a chalice brimming with blood.

"Drink of me, and live, saith the Lord," the padre said. My
insides ewisted as the girl accepted the chalice and drank.

Tt was worse than we had been led to believe. Who had
Embraced this man, telling him nothing of what he was, or the laws
by which we lived? He had already violated the Silence of the Blood
ten times over. I shoved past the worshipful attendants and stepped
up to the padre's side. "Padre Domingo?"

"My hands!" the girl cried, letting the chalice fall. Joy and
wonder transfigured her ruined features. "I can feel my hands! 1
can feel my hands!" The worshipful throng gave a shout as she
hugged the padre's legs, sobbing wildly.

"Padre Domingo," | said a little louder. "I come at the command
ofthe prince of Seville, Yournust dismiss these people andl come withme."

The padre laid a hand gently on the leper girl's head, smiling
fondly. He was a short, portly man, with gray in his beard and
small, dark eyes. "I am ministering to the sick, my son. Does this
prince wish me to abandon the Lord's work?"

I considered my words carefully, searching his eyes for any
small vestige of sanity. "Padre, this is not the Lord's work. This is
aterrible mistake. You should not be doing this. I beg you to send
these people away."

The padre looked at me with an expression of mild reproof.
"Did the apostle Paul turn away the lame or the sick? The Lord tells
his children to go out and do good works, each according to his gifts.
And I have been given a wondrous gift indeed."

"You are giving your blood to them!" I hissed. "It takes away
their pain for a time, but it will not last. This is not healing, it's
torture! And word of your "good works" is spreading like fire across
the countryside. You must stop. For them, for yourself, and... for
others, of which you are not aware." I took a deep breath, loathing
what I had to say, but seeing no other alternative. "I have men
outside, padre. Fighting men. If you will not come with me
willingly, they have been commanded to bring you back by force.
And they will kill whomever they have to."

The padre stared at me. Fora moment, I feared that he would
try to defy me. But then he smiled. "It shall be as the Lord wills it,
my son. I have eternity to bring help to the needy. Take me to your
prince."

Two words of deceptive power: Deus Vult— God wills it.
With those two words, Pope Urban II ignited the fires of the
Crusades in 1095. The power of the Church on the minds of
the men and women of modern Europe cannot be overstated.
It is the foundation for the entire social order, and the fabric
from which reality is woven. All things come from God, even,
as we believe it, the mark of Caine. It is only natural for some
who are Embraced to believe it to be the will of the Lord. Was
Job not afflicted with all manner of curses in order to prove his
unshakeable faith?

In some cases, childer become zealots through the teach-
ings of their sires. Most often, however, it is an unconscious
reaction to their newfound existence. This manifests itself in
various ways. Some childer, who were faithful to the Church
in their mortal lives, are so horrified by the Embrace (and its
implied damnation) that they are driven to justify what has
happened to them in a way that still gives hope for salvation,
or at least a part in serving God's plan. These are the disciples,
the healers, the holy avengers, or worse, the scourges of the
damned. The disciples are the more common sort of zealot,
becoming preoccupied with the mysteries of existence and
what role they now play in God's ordered cosmos. The healers
believe that their gifts exist to relieve the suffering of mortal
and Cainite, ifthe sick are willing to accept the Lord. The holy
avengers see themselves as God's vengeance on Earth, acting
as judges and executioners over the sinners of the world. Those
who see themselves as the scourge of the damned are the most
horrifying of all, believing themselves to be given the form of
the damned in order to better seek out and destroy them.

CHAPTER TWO; CAINITE ROADS


Hagim replied in a voice cold as stone. "See what I have made of
the darkness which you left for me? It is 1, your brother, whom you
betrayed in the garden. Long have I huented for you across the face of
the world, bereft of wealth or power. Nowat last | shall have my due."

And Hagim, who had been left with nothing to his name but the
darkness and the cruel mountains, did choose for himself the gift of the
emin's life, and slew him for it, and took back all of his father's gifts

— from the Parable of Blood

"They are a dark wind, come silently out of the East, and
the Pilgrim Road runs red with their passing," observed the
Brujah scholar Theodosius, speaking of the "shadow of death"
that fell on mortal lord and Cainite alike in the Kingdom of
Jerusalem following the First Crusade. His final account, little
more than a collection of hastily-scrawled notes, spoke of
Ventrue knights slain like infants in their sanctums, and dark-
skinned demons with shining eyes, as deadly to Cainites as the
lion is to the lamb. A Moorish vengeance, terrible and fierce,
had been called down upon the new lords of the Holy City.
Theodosius called them Assamites, and bound up with his
final words was a ragged scrap of parchment filled with tiny
Moorish script, which he attributed to something called the
Parable of Blood. There are secrets in its fanciful tale, and | have
spent the last fifteen years in vain trying to riddle them out
How Theodosius came by this knowledge, we will neverknow,
but am certain now that it was purchased at thecost of his life.
The Followers of the Road of Blood prize their secrets above
all, of this much at least | am certain.

Whatever else, know that the Assamites are not demons;
they are vampires, for | am one of only three European
Cainites I know of who has seen one and lived. He came for
meat the bidding of the caliph in Granada, and was able to slip
past my hounds and servants like a winter shadow. | was struck
down in my study, laid low with a grievous wound before |
knew of his presence. The fiend was as dark as any Moor, but
his eyes gleamed with the fevered light of the faithful as he
stood over me. Yet he did not gloat over his triumph like a
lesser Cainite might; there was a frightening calmness to him,
aterrible sense of inevitability. That was when my bodyguard

¢ upon us, and but for the sake of this valiant knight, |
would have been slain. They met, blade to blade, and such was
their skill that the fight went for some time, spreading its
clangor of alarm throughout the house. In the end, ravaged by
a dozen fearful wounds, he fell, still trying to reach me and
finish what he had begun. He could have fled at any point
during the fight, but the thought never crossed his inscrutable
face. It was only after he died that I realized not a sound had
passed his lips.

Since then, | have thought long and hard about that
night, comparing the mysterious parable to the puzzle that was
the man. From what I have seen, the followers of the Road of
Blood devote themselves, body and soul, to their beliefs. They
are filled with the same kind of holy zeal that the heathen
reserve for their Muhammad. These mahdi are disciplined

warriors, hound by standards of rigid self-control and an

inflexible code of honor that demands death before failure. At
odds with this behavior, however, is an almost ritualized
practice of diablerie against their victims, and the suggestion
that the killings they perpetrate serve some mercenary gain.
Clearly, whatever laws the mahdi hold to, they do not spring
from the same source as our own.

Does the Beast whisper in the Assamite heart? Only they
can say for sure. When the mahdi and the paladin fought one
another in my study, I was struck by how alike they were in
some ways. Both drew their strength from a higher purpose, a
noble devotion to a cause. It seems to me that the Assamites
hold their animal natures at bay with the same kind of rigorous
self-denial that the paladin is heir to. The Assamites may well
live for something greater than their individual unlives, and if
that is so, then this knowledge must give us pause, for as they
have scourged our kind in the East, now they stalk the night in
Spain, avenging the Reconquista. Who knows where this
terrible crusade may end?

Ican only guess what natures may be most inclined to take
the Road of Blood. Certainly the fanatic would be desirable, as
would the hard-bitten survivor.

Asto theirappearance, what can be said of aclan less seen
than the Nosferatu?

Via HUMANITATIS ~
THE Roap oF HUMANITY

By the time I reached the town of San Sebastian it was too late

They had taken Jesus from his sanctum and dragged him to the
public square, where the village priest waited witha pyre. They cast
his savaged form at the holy man's feet. Jesus was pale, paler than
snow, blood streaming from wounds too numerous to heal. |
cannot imagine that my childe had fought against these people, his
former neighbors and kin. Rather, they had tured on him like a
pack of dogs.

The holy man's eyes gleamed with triumph. "Look you on the
work of the Devil!" he exulted in a high, reedy voice. He thrust a
skeletal finger at Jesus. "Foul incubus! After tonight you will
torment the daughters of San Sebastian no more!"

"Amen!" cried the voice of the blacksmith, who stood with his
thick arms around the pale form of his child. She trembled there like
a trapped bird, her eyes wide and brimming with tears

"Bring the girls forth, all those who were touched by this
fiend's evil." The crowd began to stir. "Fear not, he cannot harm
‘you so long as Iam near."

One by one the three came forward. They were all of a type,
young and blonde, lithe as saplings, with large blue eyes. For Jesus
they spared little more than a wary glance. Their eyes were fixed
upon the priest.

The priest glared down at Jesus, breathing deeply, gathering
his nerve. Finally he darted forward, tangling his hand in Jesus'
blood-matted hair. "Look on the faces of those you have wronged,
and in the name of most holy God I command you to release your
hold over them."

CHAPTER TWO: CAINITE ROADS


And I watched my dear childe gather up the strength to
manage a weary smile. "Hello, little ones," he said to them. "Do
not be afraid. I'm so sorry you had to see me this way—"

The priest gave Jesus' head a savage shake. "Release your
hold on them, demon!"

With a cry Jesus jerked his head from the priest's grasp. "How
am I one of your demons, padre? Because your holy book says so?
What if I told you I can feel love, and remorse, and guilt? What
if T told you that I have never taken a human life, that all life is
sacred to me? I have done nothing to these children, and they know
it. I was there when many of them were born. In happier times, I
made them shoes. What they have said against me they have done
out of fear, They know the name of the monster who torments
them. So do you—"

"Do not mock us with your lies, tempter!" The priest's eyes
were wild as he shoved Jesus onto his face. "These good people have
seen your snake's den, where you hide from the sunlight. They
know you for what you are. You cannot draw the wool over their
eyes!" The priest motioned frantically to the waiting townsmen,
who came forward with buckets of pitch. One was Manuel, Jesus'
}) brother

I watched, helpless, as they poured the hot tar over him
Once, I thought he called out to me, so soft that only my ears could
hear. "Father... forgive them..."

The priest paced after Jesus as they dragged him to the pyre
"Tormentor! Defiler! Your time on Earth is finished! Soon you

DARK AGES COMPANION

will wail in the fiery furnace!"

As they cast my childe onto his bed of pine the priest snatched
up a torch and held it over his head.

"Spawn of Satan, let it not be said that our God is not a
merciful God. Admit your guilt to these people and beg the Lord for
forgiveness. He may yet intercede to save your soul."

I saw the fear in my childe's eyes, the raw terror of what was to
come, but he only shook his head. "I will not lie to save you, priest. I
will not lie to my friends about the serpent in their midst." Summoning
up his courage, he managed a smile for the children. " Tell your parents
the truth. Not for me, but for yourselves. It will not stop here—"

With a shriek of rage the priest hurled the torch, and my childe
was eaten by the flames.

Thad chosen Jesus out of his love for knowledge. He was the
kindest man I had ever known. Never before had I wished for the
death of another. Even as Carthage burned, I could only weep for
what had been lost. But watching the look of triumph on the priests'
face, I felt something cold grow inside me, like a blade of ice.

Tonight, there would be a reckoning, for Jesus, for the
children. My childe would not be the only one to burn

We are what we are, in birth, in life and in death —
children of a great and jealous God. There are those among the
Cainites who see the Embrace a great transformation,
making us beasts, or gods or monsters. | say we are none of
these. Weare human, with an infinite capacity for good orevil,
even in the grip of damnation.


Most Cainites see themselves as prodigals, either by acci-
dent or design. It is only natural for us to cling to the things we
know in the face of a cold new reality. Though the Embrace
has driven us out of the sunlight and turned our appetites to
the blood of our neighbors, how can we forget that which we
once were? Many of us did not ask for this change. We had our
station in life, ourfamilies, our lovers. Prodigals see the tragedy
in our separation from the mortal world and are horrified by
the beckonings of the Beast.

Whatever the circumstances of her Embrace, a prodigal
views her vampirism as a terrible curse. To deny this slow
degradation, she focuses more strongly on her thoughts, feel-
ings and memories of mortality. To a prodigal, the Beast is her
damnation, threatening to swallow her up. So long as she
resists its control, all is not lost. To this end, the prodigal
strives for those qualities that elevate the human condition —
faith, mercy, compassion and charity.

The prodigal's ethics are simple, but open to variation.
One universal tenet is to only kill when absolutely necessary
Some prodigals strive to take no human blood atall, subsisting
on the thin and bitter vitae of animals. They are driven to
intercede between vampires and mortals, and act to protect
humanity from ruthless Cainite depredations or cruelty. It is
the prodigal who most often takes the side of mortals in
vampire councils. They are likewise compelled to help their
fellow Cainites rise above their condition and regain the
humanity they may have lost.

Ic is those mortals who love life and its interactions that
most often tum to the Via Humanitatis. Whatever their
backgrounds or personalities, all are so rooted in their experi-
ences and feelings that the human condition is difficult to let
go.

The Road of Humanity has always been the foundation of
the Brujah clan, and gave birth to the shining vision of
Carthage. Likewise, the prodigal finds welcome with the
Toreador and their hedonistic ways, while the Nosferatu
cultivate their humanity in defiance of their twisted forms.
There are also Ventrue who, despite their patrician ways, have
not forgotten what it means tobe human. Many Cappadocians
and even the dreadful Tremere can be said to have their share
of prodigals.

In appearance, the prodigal will strive to maintain the
manner of attire that she wore in mortal life, regardless of social
station. By doing so she continually reaffirms her claim to
humanity.

VALE

In closing, let me say that the path of the virtuous is
torturous and deceptive. It is only by overcoming our weak-
nesses that we gain in wisdom and strength. To lose sight of the
Road ahead is to be lost to the Beast forever. This is not to say
that, once upona Road, aCainite may not turn toanother over
time. As an individual grows, his perspective on the world
changes; things once held up as valuable lose their meaning,
driving us to seek other ideals that will fill the void. This is only
natural, but it is not something to be undertaken lightly.
Changing one's Road should only come after much soul
searching and thought, fora Cainite who turns to another path
must begin anew. No amount of progress on the Road of the
Beast would matter on the Road of Chivalry, for example
Changing Roads is a symbolic and spiritual rebirth

To redefine our structure of beliefs is to redefine the way
we view the world. For all the ways a Cainite may live, there
will always be someone who envisions a different path to
enlightenment. Those who seek to create a Road for them-
selves find the journey infinitely harder than those of us who
follow a path worn smooth by our elders. These pathfinders
who make their own philosophies have nothing but their own
faith to count on when their beliefs are challenged. Their
difficulties are greater, and their progress is slower as a result.
The Beast has no mercy for the undecided or the unprepared.

May Your Majesty find the answers he seeks in this modest
epistle, and greater wisdom with which to know the minds of
his subjects. Knowing full well how the princes of Europe
regard Your Majesty's just and fair nature, I am grateful at last
to fulfill my obligation to you, and to consider my past debts to
be paid in full. Let there now be nothing more between us than
a love for knowledge and understanding.

May the generosity and kindness you bring to your sub-
jects be visited back upon you a hundredfold. In all things] am
your most respectful servant,

Oarius Oarca



Rloodlines

Devein vwoe present four Uoodlines that
haunted the nights of ofd. One perished in
the dIniquisition's ficest one followed its sive
daninto ertinctiort one withorevw into the
fer voastes, hoping to escape the great dyha
and the last managed to eke out a miserable

"and persecuted existerce, persevering into
thelate 20th centucy All ave suitable for use
in Varnpice: the Dark Ages chronicles, and
too - the Laibon and (to alesser deqvee) the
Salubei — mon be played in modern

The Miasquerade garnes.


Tue Lost

The story of Caine's children isan ancient and tragic tale.
The Jyhad wages ever on; its players appear, enact their bloody
roles and, all too often, die. Down the course of eons all
manner of freakish offshoots have appeared to trouble the
nights of mortals...only to fade away again.

Note to Players and Storytellers: You bought this book,
and its contents are yours to do with as you please. If you wish
to use Lhiannan, Lamia or any future Lost bloodline in your
modern-day Vampire: The Masquerade games, feel free. We
do not recommend this, however; doing so dilutes the sense of
tragedy and poignancy that accompanies playing a character
from a doomed bloodline. These lines (with the exception of
the Laibon) are presented as historical curiosities.

LAIBON

The Dark Medieval world is an enormous and frightening
place, and it was not meant for most mortals to journey into the
terra incognita beyond their hamlets. The Children of Caine have
ever been wanderers, though, and their machinationshave often
taken them into the distant realms of Outremer.

Thus it is that Cainite travelers have returned to Europe
bearing tales of a vampire line called the Laibon. The Laibon, by
these accounts, are indisputably Children of Caine, but have
fallen far from the main tree indeed. The Laibon inhabit the vast
expanses of Afric, beyond even the Moorish kingdoms. Though
they dwell nigh unto the land of Eden, they are heathens,
claiming no knowledge of Christ. Instead, they speak of the "spirit
world," and of Kamiri wa Itherero, their inscrutable ancestor.

European Cainites seldom truck with these creatures, but a
tew Assamites, Setites and Ravnos have ventured into the
Laibon's lairs, deep in the fiery South. Here, near the edge of the
world, the Laibon roam the savannas and jungles, sporting with
lionand leucrotta, ostrichand simurgh, cockatrice and catoblepas.
They are mighty hunters and shamans, and do not fear the Beast
as do Europe's vampires; indeed, Laibon know a form of magic
enabling them to tame and control their inner demons.

According to travelers' tales, Laibon dwell in expansive
territories, preferring solitude. They act as dark guardians and
medicine men to the Ethiops, Nubians and other peoples among.
whom they dwell, often stalking by night through villages and
fields. In these tasks they serve their people admirably — though
they often hunger, and their vigilance exacts a price.

Laibon do not claim descent from Caine, instead avowing
themselves scions of "earth-spirits." They are wise in the ways
of riddles, and for this reason the Setites have dubbed them
"Sphinxes." Indeed, Laibon are knowledgeable of many things,
and bear tales of a myriad exotic lands. When asked of Prester
John and his army of Christian warriors, however, these
Cainites simply smile enigmatically.

Laibon are often gripped by wanderlust, and so it is not
entirely unknown for ascion of the line to make her way toacity
of the Cainites. Such events are as rare as hen's teeth, occurring
only in the Holy Land and the Mediterranean shores. The
Lasombra prince of Genoa reputedly retain a Laibon, and this
worthy has served admirably as a sentinel and agent.

For now, Laibon seem content to observe silently —
perhaps adding to their exhaustive stock of riddles and tales

DARK AGES COMPANION

Though individuals have taken part in Europe's Jyhad, the line
as a whole remains as it always has — aloof, neutral, shrouded
by distance and legend.

In addition, very few Laibon are familiar with the lan-
guages of Europe. A notable few have accumulated some
mastery of Latin, but none are known to communicate in any
continental vernacular.

Sobriquet: Sphinxes

Appearance: Almostall Laibon bear features reminiscent
of the people who inhabit A fric below the great Sahara. When
traveling among European Cainites, they tend to adopt garb
common to their surroundings, preferring to remain unobtru-
sive. When at home, they dress sparsely and comfortably.
Many bear tribal scars of various sorts.

Haven: Laibon generally dwell in wilderness areas, al-
though certain members of the line (those accepted by the
tribespeople among whom they dwell) lair within villages and
cities. Rumors tell ofa distant city, Zimbabwe by name, which
houses several of the vampires.

Background: Laibon are commonly chosen from skilled,
honorable warriors and healers. Most displayed loyalty and
wanderlust in equal measure prior to the Embrace. There are
no known Laibon of European descent.

Character Creation: All Attributes are prized, though Men-
tal Attributes are usually primary. Almost all Laibon have some
Abilities related to survival in the wilds. Because Laibon often stem
from shamanic backgrounds, many leam a spirit-based variant of
Thaumaturgy, though this is not aclan Discipline. Due to the rigors
of dealing with their Beasts, most Laibon have high Self-Control
or Instinct ratings. Most Laibon follow either the Road of the Beast
or the Road of Heaven. In addition to their clan Disciplines,
Laibon frequently learn Rego Mentem, a variant Thaumaturgical
path which focuses on the control of natural spirits.

Clan Disciplines: Abombwe, Animalism, Fortitude

Weaknesses: The Discipline of Abombwe involves di-
rect dominance of the Beast, but this power has a price. A
Laibon's Beast is particularly ravenous and recalcitrant, con-
suming a "tithe" of blood each time the vampire uses Blood
Points. Ifa Laibon expends or ingests Blood Points, the Beast
automatically "consumes" a point, or two points for an inges-
tionfexpenditure of five-or greater in one scene, Thus, if a
Laibon kills and drains a mortal (10 Blood Points), she only


receives eight Blood Points; if she spends three Blood Points
to heal herself, she actually loses four. Laibon grow hungry
much more quickly than do other Cainites, and most try to
ensure that ample feeding stock is within reach, lest they do
something unseemly in their hunger...

Organization: Laibon tend to be solitary creatures; each
vampire stakes out an expansive territory encompassing several
villages, guarding it vigilantly against intruders. They periodi-
cally congregate at predetermined sites every 10 years or so. At
these meetings, Laibon trade stories and lore, Occasionally,
Laibon gather to enact protective rituals of various sorts that
appear to be Thaumaturgical in nature. The few Tremere who
are aware of this fact are highly distressed by it.

Destiny: Laibon, never common in Europe to begin with,
wisely vacate the continent during the nights of the Inquisi-
tionand Anarch Revolt. By the modern nights, most vampires
have forgotten of them, though the name "Laibon" remains on
the lips of a few Gangrel and Ravnos known to wander the
Dark Continent.

Quote: I am honored to sojourn in your do-
main. Perhaps I might entertain you with tales of the
Ebon Duke of Libya, and his seven hundred
anthropophagic steeds?

WAYS OF THE
LAIBON

Next to nothing is
known about these bi-
zarre Cainites. Only a
scattered few snippets of
lore grace the margins
of vampire grimoires,
penned by curious
Brujah and
Cappadocian scholars
who received their in-
formation from
wandering Ravnos and ©
Gangrel,

STRENGTH
AND INFLUENCE
Laibonholdneitherstrength
nor influence in Europe, though
they are reputed to hold vast
territories in the expanses below
the Sahara. Such territories,
Cainite travelers say, often ex-
tend farther than any fiefdom
of Europe; villages, towns and
entire walled cities await the
Laibon's tread beneath the
tropic moon.

ORGANIZATION

Laibon are solitary creatures, and if any European Cainite
has seen them discourse among themselves, none has told of it
They are guarded and talk little of themselves, but a chance
comment or two has led astute Brujah and Lasombra to surmise
that Laibon hold their sires in highest esteem. Laibon sire rarely,
none taking more than two or three childer. Each Laibon, upon
telease from childehood, chooses either to take a domain or to
wander; those Laibon in Europe have chosen the latter. The
Laibon speak guardedly of their sires, but certain hints have led
Cainite scholars to surmise that elder Laibon are frighteningly
powerful indeed, perhapsonapar with the mythical Antediluvians.

CarreNT PRACTICES
For now, Laibon seem content merely to travel and observe.
Their unthreatening demeanor and evident lack of interest in the
power-games of Europe have made them valued company among
those Cainites aware of their existence. Laibon have
guested in the villas of the Lasombra, the loggias of
the Giovanni Cappadocians, the libraries of the
Brujah and even the manses of certain Tzimisce
voivodes. They stay, observe, regale their hosts
with tales of Outremer and eventually move
on.
PRESENT CONCERNS
The line asa whole may well have goals, but
they ate so far removed from those of Europe's
Cainites as to be irrelevant. One Laibon, as has
been noted, servesthe Lasombra prince of Genoa;
another has displayed passing interest in
overtures from Augustus
Giovanni concerning
trade routes into Aftic's
interior.
Of the blood-
linespresented, the
Laibon is most
suited for use in
modern-day
Vampire: The
Masquerade
chronicles.
Though exceed-
ingly rare, and
evenrareroutside
its African home,
the Laibon line
still exists, and
players may create
Laibon characters
with the Story-
teller's permission


LHISNNAN

Most of Europe has fallen to Christendom, but fragments this tale, but a few Cappadocians and Brujah point out the
of the land's older cultures yet survive — particularly among _parallels between the Lhiannan's myths and certain stories in
the continent's supernatural denizens, Certainly the blood- the Book of Nod.

line of vampires known as the Lhiannan looks back fondly on Inthe end, it matters little. The Lhiannan area dyingline,
Europe's ancient nights. Seemingly a subtribe of the Gangrel, hounded by both mortal and Cainite hunters. Their vampiric
the Lhiannan are a dwindling strain of vampires who haunt nature shines like a bonfire before mystic scrutiny, and thus
rural areas, forest groves and isolated villages. Once they wove Lhiannan are often easy scapegoats and targets for witch-
aweb of influence (and terror) over Europe's ‘ hunters. Their power base, which involves blood cults, ley
barbarian population, but Rome and the lines and pagan rites, is blasphemous to the Church and
Church have largely stripped the line of inconvenient for the Roman-descended Cainites who
its deathright. have largely displaced them.

Lhiannan are largely matriar- In elder days, Lhiannan established themselves
chal, even to the point of spurning 2 among pagan Celts, Norse, Slavs and other European
the myth of Caine. Lhiannan in- barbarians. These "Children of the Crone" acted as
stead claim descent from a shadowy Osirises, infiltrating villages, turning key inhabitants
female figure said to have walked the ) into ghouls or vampires, and playing on the populace's
world in ancient nights. This fig- superstition. Powerful individuals founded blood cults,
ure, known as the Crone, created BR and grisly legends sprang up around the nocturnal
the Lhiannan from drop- doings of the Lhiannan. Indeed, many pagan heroes
lets of her blood. tirelessly hunted these witches who preyed on their
Most Cainite ; own people.

eschatologists The real blow to the Lhiannan, though, was the

coming of Rome and its Cainite parasites. Though they
were individually powerful, internecine competition for
ley lines left them fractious and few, and their domains fell
into the talons of the more organized Roman vampires.
Worse yet was the ascendancy of Christendom,
with its churches and priests and consecrated
ground. The Lhiannan's mystic aura, which
Christian priests found repulsive, made
them among the first targets of priestly
pogroms. The proud Lhiannan were
P forced intohidingand their cultsdriven
underground.
Now the Lhiannan stand alone.
Their gruesome practices, reliance
on human slaves, and predilec-
tion for siphoning ley-line
energy have alienated them to
many Gangrel, while the
Tzimisce see them as competi-
tors in the Slavic states. Even
the Lupines and fae, it seems,
despise and fear them; one
Gangrel tells a tale of being
spared by a werewolf pack in

spurn


exchange forher help in eradicatinga Lhiannan sabat. Nightly
the Lhiannan are rooted out by clergymen and rival Cainites.
Though they battle fiercely, their numbers dwindle by the
year, and it will not be long before they fall.

Sobriquet: Druids

Appearance: Lhiannan survival depends on blending in
with their conquerors. They generally appear as rustics of one
sortor another. Due to their Ogham Discipline, however, they
often anoint themselves with bloody glyphs or runes. When at
asafe haven, Lhiannan often dress in the garb of old, and adorn
themselves with skulls, talismans and other paraphernalia.

Haven: Lhiannan try to occupy an isolated rural village
where the old ways are still practiced; they then set up a cult
with themselves as the priests. Failing this, Lhiannan try to
live inconspicuously on the fringes of urban demesnes.

Background: Many, though by no means all, Lhiannan
are female; females tend to be perceived as having a greater
connection to the Dark Mother. Lhiannan tend to be chosen
from mortals who still follow the old pagan ways.

Character Creation: Any Attribute class can be primary.
Lhiannan, by dint of their rural unlifestyle, tend to have high
scores in animal handling and survival-based Abilities. Most
Lhiannan have Retainers and Herds (pagan cultists).

Disciplines: Animalism, Ogham, Presence

Weaknesses: Lhiannan are innately pagan; the mark of
the Mother-Goddess flows through their dead veins. As such,
all difficulties to detect their nature via Aura Sight, Faith
Numina, ete., are reduced by two. Additionally, Lhiannan
increase all difficulties by two (including soak rolls, if such are
necessary) when resisting Faith magic — even pagan Faith.

Organization: Lhiannan form broods centered around a
powerful individual and her followers; these broods are often
referred toas "covens" or "sabats." Sabats act in conjunction and
generally maintain herds of mortals and ghouls. Rival sabats are
often bitter enemies; this lack of cooperation is one more reason
why the Lhiannan have failed to defend their holdings.

Destiny: The pagan Lhiannan have all but fallen to
Christendom as it stands. By the end of the Inquisition, the
Church has completed the task of purgation. No Lhiannan

survives past the 14th century. Rumors persist that the Sabbat, or
perhaps the mysterious Eastern vampires, make use of a Discipline
similar to Ogham, but involving the use of tattoos or ideographs.

Quote: Ac the hour of midnight thy vitae will flow down the
spiral rock, and the Crone will feed, and be pleased.

Ways OF THE LHIANNAN

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

Each Lhiannan sabat acts alone. Though acknowledging.
other Lhiannanas fellow descendants of the Crone, Lhiannan
are a grasping and jealous line. Lhiannan tend to remain in
those mystic sites they have wrested from Lupines, Gangrel
and fae.

ORGANIZATION

Lhiannan form themselves into tightly knit cults, known,
as sabats. Sabats tend to organize along site-childe lines, but
Lhiannan can be inducted into sabats headed by a Lhiannan
unrelated tothem. An interesting custom among the Lhiannan
involves dueling for control of a particular magical site; the
loser and her sabat are immediately inducted into the winner's
sabat, and the winner gains controlof the site

Current Practices

Fornow, Lhiannan try tohold on. They feverishly infiltrate
rural communities that till remember theirancient roots, trying
tocorrupt the inhabitants and eventually generate a groundswell
of resistance to the Church. Unfortunately, the Church expands

faster than the Lhiannan can comprehend; ironically enough,
the Druids' own immortality works against them.

PRESENT CONCERNS

The Lhiannan have myriad concerns. Foremost among
them is the spread of the Church. Already, individual inquisi-
tors have begun targeting sabats, and a few more scholarly
bishops to whom these inquisitors report are beginning to
postulate the existence of a deeper conspiracy. Additionally,
other Cainites are eager to wipe out the Druids once and forall,
either because they object to the Lhiannan's practices or
because their presence proves increasingly inconvenient.

CHAPTER THR: BLOODLIN,


LAMIA

As the Cappadocians tell the tale, Lamia was high priestess
of the Dark Mother Lilith. She inherited her name, title and
duties from her mother, who had received them in turn from her
mother. This had been the way of things since the Garden of
Eden and Lilith's only daughter, the first Lamia, begotten on her
ina fitof violent passion by Adam when Lilith refused to service
him. Lamia, and all the Lamias thereafter, secretly upheld the
memory of the Dark Mother, the Woman Who Came Before
Eve. Each would find women worthy to understand their true
ancestry and instruct them in the secret arts of their sex. When.
the time was ordained, each would take into herself the seed of
a nameless slave (who was thereafter sacrificed to the Dark
Mother), that she might bear a daughter thereby.

Through the ages, the Cult of Lamia remained a guarded
secret from the tyrantsand senators and kings who ground men's
destinies beneath their heels. The ears of the undead hear many
things, however, and thus it wasthatLazarusofClan Cappadocian
stole one moontess eve to a hidden temple in which Lamia
performed herrites before the statue of the Dark Mother. Lamia's
erudition and fervor, and perhaps other qualities, touched some-
thing long hidden in the heart of the Graverobber; and so, rising
from his hiding place, Lazarus came upon Lamia, as had Adam
at the world's dawn, and bore her down beneath the disapprov-
ing eyes of the Dark Mother's ebony statue.

Come the dawn, Lazarus hid within the temple, and upon
awakening inducted his new childe into the world of the undead.
The beautiful priestess, he decreed, would now spend eternity in
contemplation of death, the Dark Mother from whom none
escapes. Lamia, smiling slightly, agreed to accompany him—but
not until she had whispered a few of her own secrets into the ears
of her gracious sire. Lazarus, amicable as a sire should be to his
childe, stooped to listen, and Lamia whispered unto him.

What she told him, he has never recorded. Even the placid
Graverobbers, however, find it odd that Lazarus has never again
spoken to his childe since the night of her Embrace, and indeed
finds one pretense or another to avoid her company. When
circumstance forces sire and childe into proximity, Lamia often
glances overatLazarus, and smiles, and mouthsa few inscrutable
syllables; and Lazarus' corpselike visage blanches to an even
more pallid hue. Indeed, a few impudent neonates whisper that
Lazarus has taken up his hermitage merely to be rid of her.

In any event, when Lazarus recoiled from the lips of his
childe and fled in uncharacteristic haste from the temple,
Lamia followed behind. Coming at last to the Cappadocians'
temple, Lamia was initiated into the Clan of Death by Japheth
himself. But Lamia would not follow, save in the way she
chose, and her childer ever bore the mark of their separation.

DARK AGES COMPANION

Though they remained apart, Lamia's childer kept close by
their sire line. Where went the Cappadocians, so went the
Lamia. They shared the Cappadocians' thirst for knowledge —
though Lamia preferred the realms of sensation and experience
to the pages of dry tomes. The Cappadocians studied death;
Lamia exalted it. Lamia reveled in vampirism, seeing it as Lilith's
giftand the natural evolution ofhumanity —justas Lilith refused
to lie willingly with Adam, the Lamia say, so vampires should
refuse to concern themselves with mankind, save as predators.

The Lamia's knowledge greatly benefited the research of the
Graverobbers, and the Cappadocians often deferred to their
childer on matters concerning the Dark Mother. In turn, the
Lamia turned their focus toward defense, serving the Clan of
Death as dervishes and warriors. Even in such duties they are
spiritual, worshipping death in the persona of the Dark Mother.
This exaltation of a female principle disturbs those Cainites who
believe themselves to have been damned by an angry god, and
certain Lamia exacerbate this mistrust by spreading their gospel
under the guise of cults devoted to the glorification of Mary.

Lamiaare rare, but have accompanied their progenitors into
Dark Medieval Europe. They are the spleen and soul to the
Cappadocians' brain. More practically, Lamia often serve as
bodyguards and sentinels for the often preoccupied Graverobbers.

Of late, the Lamia find themselves distressed by the
Cappadocians' increasing fatalism and by the growing preemi-
nence of the Giovanni family. They see the practices of the
Necromancers as sacrilegious and base, disturbing that which
should not be disturbed. Though loyalty to their progenitor
line keeps the Lamia from overt hostility, animosity between
the two lines grows by the night.

Sobriquet: Gorgons

Appearance: Lamia originated in Semitic lands and gener-
allyresemble Semites or Mediterraneans. Like their Cappadocian
progenitors, they often dress in grave-shrouds, dark robes and the
like. They are not so pallid as Cappadocians; many are tall and
muscular, displaying an exotic and feral beauty.

Haven: Lamia prefer to lie in tombs and sarcophagi. Unlike
Cappadocians, Lamia prefer to lair alone, away from humans or
Cainites, to better contemplate the mysteries of death.

Background: The majority of Lamia are female, typically
those who failed to accept the rigid status assigned to them.
Lamia are often taken from bizarre aristocratic families, apoth-
ecaries, and those of sorcerous bent; many Lamia were chosen
while on the verge of suicide. In recent years, Lamia have
Embraced fallen Crusaders (and their Moorish foes).

Character Creation: Lamia often give themselves over to
strenuous rites; thus, Physical Attributes are often primary.


Lamia serve all Roads equally, though many prefer the
Cappadocians' Road of the Bones.

Clan Disciplines: Deimos, Mortis, Potence

Weaknesses: Lamia are carriers of a virulent plague,
which they dub "The Seed of Lilith." Anyone or anything
upon whom they feed must make an unmodified
Stamina roll (difficulty 6 for women, 8 for men) or
become infected with a loathsome, Black Plague-
like pox, which is always fatal after a few days.

Vampires who consume Lamia blood do not

die, but become virulently contagious. Most

princes know this and ban Lamia from their

domains outright or, at the very least, restrict

them to leper villages and the like. More

humane Lamia often feed on corpses

and burn the bodies thereafter. me

Organization: Lamia adhere toa
cultlike hierarchy, worshipping the
Dark Mother through a v: f
rites. Though males and fem:
are Embraced, women are consid
ered closer to Lilith and thus often
occupy the higher echelons of the
"priesthood." Lamia dutifully serve
Cappadocian elders, but from free
choice rather than dictum.

Destiny: The bloodline follows
its Cappadocian masters to the grave
during the Giovanni purge. Lamia
herselfisslain by Augustus Giovanni,
and the last Lamia is destroyed by a
Camarilla Blood Hunt in the year
1718.

Quote: Come to me, O boldest of
knights, and feel the Dark Mother's

caress.

Ways oF THE LAMIA
The Gorgons emulate many of
the practices of their Cappadocian
sires, though they color them with a
decidedly eschatological slant.

STRENGTH AND
NFLUENCE
Lamia are strongest in southern
Europeand the Holy Land. They are
virtually nonexistentin chilly north-

XN)

OSs

ern Europe. Their areas of greatest strength tend to lie in
heretic cults, Because of their clan weakness, Lamia are often
forced to lair in abandoned areas such as cemeteries; some-
times they deliberately terrorize these sites in order to keep
mortals away from their rites to Lilith.

ORGANIZATION
The sire-childe bond is strong in the Lamia;
Gorgons often form themselves into tightly knit family
units of a sire and one or two childer. Such "gens" often
become the nuclei of mortal Lilith cults, and some
serve as cadres of nocturnal knights-errant, protect-
ing cultists and Cappadocians alike.

Current Practices
Quite simply, Lamia await the revelation of the
Dark Mother. Many among them ha
millenialists of sorts, believing that Lilith is to mani-
fest herself on Earth soon. Nosferatu. of southern
Europe have begun to take interest in the line's

e become

A increasing migeations and peculiar inquiries — par-
deularly questions reeading # woman beating a
crescent-shaped birthmark. Why the Lamia 'are so

interested in such a phenomenon, the Nosferat.
not say, but many Nosferatu themselves bore su
witch's marks prior to the Embrace, and wonder if
the Lamia seek their prophetess.

La» PRESENT CONCERNS
ss, LG) Recently, Lamia herself has called all
id) i

|

‘> ( her scattered childer to her secret temple,
Y NO) <\ that they might discuss the potential threat
NOW, posed by the Giovanni merchants, Lamia

xy)

)
WS sees them as venal, corrupt and exceed-

UY
Y; Oy ingly dangerous, and instructs her childer

] to watch them warily for now. Lamia also

a concerned eye toward "Mother
Church's" increasing fervor; they and the
Toreador are perhaps the only Cainites inter-

ested in the fact that the Church has

unearthed a few Cainite her-
etics in Provencal.


SALUBRI

Once among the most prized of healers and teachers, the
Salubri find themselves hunted and despised. The death of
Saulot 50 years earlier has changed their fortunes dramati-
cally, and they now worry about surviving from night to night.
Unable to find refuge from the unremitting hatred of the
Tremere (who diablerized their sire and began the war aga
them), the Salubri have become nomads and fugitives, seeking
shelter in the endless night and watching many of their former
allies abandon them.

It was not always this way. During the nights of the
Second City, the Salubri, under the guidance of Saulot,
reached new heights in the powers of healing and mystical
studies. They delved into the holy mysteries, studied with
masters of the great religions and made their own inroads into
understanding the Beast. Their voices were heeded with
respect in council; Saulot himself was advisor to and beloved
of Caine. Their rare and mighty holy warriors were feared in
battle for their prowess and command of their Disciplines. The
Salubri seemed to have few worries and few enemies, and most
stories describe their position as comfortable.

Few can date the beginning of change with certainty, but
most agree that the Baali did much to change the place of the
Salubri. The Salubri led the crusade against the Infernalists to
rousing victory, but at terrible cost — their fabled warriors
dead and the clan severely decimated. Worse, some whispered
that the Baali had received aid from a Salubri, supposedly one
of Saulot's own childer. The disappearance of Caine and
Saulot's increasingly eccentric behavior only fueled the fires of
rumor. As the Salubri scattered throughout Europe and the
Middle East to seek their own ways, they were caught unawares
with the death of their clan leader at the hands of the Tremere.
Not long after, the Usurpers began to hunt down the Salubri
with murderous intent.

The Tremere hunt (and its fallout) has done more to
eradicate the group than any other disaster might. Some
Salubri were turned out of the shelters of princes' courts, if the
princes hadn't staked them first. Some were simply unlucky.
Some were tracked to their havens and slaughtered. Those
taking shelter among groups like Muslims and Jews watched
pogroms sweep through, and were often unavoidably caught
up in them. The Crusades pitted siblings of the clan against
one another, decimating more of their number, Those Salubri
in the Middle East frequently allied with the Assamites, and
found themselves facing their European brethren across the
battlefield.

The remaining Salubri have become as elusive as uni-
corns, fearful to trust, desperate or unthinkingly angry. Some
still pursue Golconda, hoping to join their leader in whatever
afterlife awaits them. Their healing gifts, once so prized, now

DARK AGES COMPANION

mark them instantly for what they are. They are not com-
pletely friendless, however; many princes still value them as
advisors and teachers of Golconda, and the other clans beset
the fledgling Tremere in retaliation for their foul deeds. For
now, the Salubri walk an uncertain road, and many fall into
their day's sleep wondering if they will survive to see tomor-

row.

Sobriquet: Cyclops. Though once known as Unicorns,
the Tremere have saddled them with this more derogatory
moniker,

Appearance: Every Salubrl who progresses above the
second level of Valeren develops a third eye in the middle of
her forehead (it looks no different than a human eye, and is
usually the same color as the Salubri's own normal eyes). Many
uses of the Discipline cause the eye to open; it is not easily
hidden. They come from all walks of life and all races. Many
radiate auras of calm and serenity, They prefer to dress in ways
that will not attract undue attention, choosing simple styles
and plain colors, Those who were deeply religious in their
mortal lives or members of the Church continue to wear their
weatments. Many choose to-cover their third eyes with hoods,
wimples ot Gypsy-style headscarfs.

Haven: Most prefer to live near or among humans and
enjoy their company. Some take up residence in monasteries
or convents (provided there are no Lasombra already in
residence). A great number shelter among Jews, Muslims or
"heretical" sects, such as the Templars and Manichaeans. A
rare few choose solitude, having small cottages on the fringes
of human settlementand taking their meals from animals. The
Tremere hunt has forced many to abandon their havens and
take shelter on the road.

Background: The Salubri look for those who have a
strong sense of right, wrong and compassion. Anyone may be
considered, whether noble or serf, Christian or Jew, male or
female. There is a strong tendency to Embrace those who
belong to religious orders. Such people may have come into
the Church for less than honorable reasons, but have come to
espouse the ideals of their orders and dislike the bickering and
lack of piety seen in the upper echelons.

Character Creation: Salubri choose from the dedicated
and compassionate of humanity. Mental Attributes are em-
phasized, particularly Perception. Caretakers and Defenders
fill most of the ranks, although Judges, Penitents and Cel-
ebrants are also represented among them, with the occasional
Fanatic. Concepts can be from a wide range; compassion and
honor need no rank to flourish. The Roads of Chivalry,
Heaven and Humanity are followed exclusively. No Salubri
starts lower than the 10th generation; the need to keep the
blood strong and "pure" has been of great concern for many.


Because of this, two points must go into the Generation
Background during character creation. In Backgrounds, Salubri
look for things that can give them an edge in surviving.
Almost all have at least one dot in Medicine, as Valeren is
primarily a healing Discipline. Empathy and Occult are also
important, and the wise Salubri makes certain to have a dot in
Linguistics to reflect her knowledge of the language of the
Second City (which all Salubri learn at some point to keep
correspondence and conversations private).
Clan Disciplines: Auspex, Fortitude, Valeren
Weaknesses: Their status as a hunted clan makes them
dangerous companions, Many vampires refuse to shelter a
Salubri in fear of the Tremere; the Usurpers are proving to be
dangerous enemies. A warrior Salubri cannot refuse to aid
someone in need; if she does not help someone in need, she
will be down two dice in any rolls he makes until he makes
restitution. A healer Salubri who injures another will be down
two dice in any rolls for the rest of the night, to reflect how
badly he has been shaken by the experience.
Organization: None atthe moment. In earlier days, many
corresponded with each other, and often answered summons
for help personally no matter the distance. Now, they leave
messages for each other in hostels or monasteries, or even in
roadside shelters. The messages are written in the ancient
language of the Second City, often indecipherable to vam
pires of this new age, and allow the clan to know who still
survives and who has fallen. If two meet, they will aid each
other fiercely if needed, and help others of the clan, even if
they do not know each other
Destiny: The Salubri fail to provide any unified opposi-
tion to the Tremere after their unexpected exsanguination. By
the late 20th century, their numbers dwindle toa mere seven,
all of whom spend their nights avoiding persecution.
Quote: My road takes me into darkness, but there is lightupon
my soul, and as I stand within it, Lam not afraid. Would you lear
to see that light upon your own soul? Let me but bide with you a
while, and I will teach you what I can.

WAYS OF THE SALUBRI

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

For the moment, their clan strength has dwindled to
almost nothing, excepting a few isolated spots. Before the
hunts began, however, Salubri often held high esteem in
whatever Domains they lived. A prince fortunate enough
to have one as part of his court made great use of the
resource. Some few are still sheltered by their courts, but
many have been forced to flee in the wake of Tremere
Persecution. Their healing gifts and studies into mysti-
cism are their best bargaining tools for aid. Likewise, they
are some of the most likely to remember or know about
the older days reaching back to the ancient cities

The true Salubri warriors were believed to be entirely
destroyed during the war against the Baali. A new Salubri may
choose the path of a holy warrior, but she must seek out a
teacher to instruct her in the alternate uses of Valeren. The
Code of Samiel, a written account of the creed and life of the
first and greatest Salubri warrior and the Road followed by the
true Salubri warriors, is believed long vanished. The Via Caeli
or Via Equitum are considered to be acceptable substitutes for
the time being, but a Salubri is not considered a
true paladin of his clan until he reads
from The Code of Samiel and gives
his unlife to its teachings.

ORGANIZATION

In spite of being scattered,
many in the clan seek to find
out who among themstill lives.
Anumberofmonasteries, con-
vents, Jewish settlements,
Gypsy caravans, Moorish

Maan! WM.

Ty
Pe


(G

1

a

ih

y

/

outposts and travelers' hostels have become unaware dropboxes
on the Salubri road. Somewhere in such places, there is a wall
with a continuing message (usually written in the tongue of
the Second City), to which each visiting Salubri contributes
aline about her welfare and notes those she knows to be dead.

Anxious that their studies in mysticism not vanish with
them, a number of Salubri have taken up residence with so-
called heretical sects, such as the Manichaeans and
Waldensians. Here, they teach and heal in return for shelter.
Several Salubri doctrines have crept into mortal thought in
this way.

Some young Salubri, especially neonates whose sires are
missing or dead, have begun to cluster together, thinking to
find safety in numbers. This is being discouraged as often as
possible, lest it become too easy to slaughter them.

Carrent Practices

Many Salubri are reluctant to Embrace during this time,
not wishing to bring progeny into a hostile world where
existence is so precarious. A few have, and these childer
receive their lessons in survival on the run. Some new childer
have awakened from a day's rest to discover their sires dead or
otherwise gone, and a disturbing practice of "sink-or-swim" is
developing among the clan because of it. Likewise, the newest
Salubri describe a bizarre ritual diablerie, in which their sires
command the childer to diablerize them to ensure the new
ones will have sufficient generation to survive. Atpresent, this
eventis limited to isolated incidents, but it seems tobe gaining
in practice. Reaching Golconda and assisting others is always
a task at hand, and the Salubri teach their childer the basics
almost immediately. Fhe loss of elders is resulting in a loss of
the necessary knowledge, and most young Salubri are already
struggling to stay afloat with what little they've learned.

The persecution has brought about many changes in a
number of Salubri. Most vampires believe the Salubri to be a
largely peaceful lot, which has resulted in protection from
allies and slaughter from their enemies. Not all have simply
lied down to be martyred along with their leader, however. A
few have rejected pacificism, which they believe caused Saulot's
destruction, and return the Tremere's enmity to them a
hundredfold, These avenging angels stalk the countrysides,
seeking out Tremere havens and chantries, killing those they
encounter witha rage that has given some Brujah pause. Some
have retreated to the safety of burial mounds and catacombs
and long torpors through the help of Cappadocian allies.
Some cultivate contacts among other Cainites to beset the
Tremere. Others concentrate on passing themselves for hu-
mans, with varying degrees of success. The remaining few have
chosen simply to concentrate on surviving, however it hap-
pens, and with whatever means are given them


PRESENT CONCERNS

Survival is their most pressing need at the moment, but
there are some with other concerns competing for attention.
Some Salubri still seek to make their healing gifts available.
Shared by all Salubri is great concern for how the Tremere
could have killed their leader, and suspicions about outside
help is a usual topic of conversation whenever Salubri manage
to meet. A number of the bloodline have sheltered among
Jews, Moors and so-called heretical sects, where they are often

made welcome. Recently, pogroms and persecution of these
groups has been on the rise, and the Salubri fear that they may
be endangering their hosts.

With several of their number falling to rage to stay alive,
those who have not done so fear that these angry ones may be lost
to Golconda. They do their best to foster hope in each other, lest
despair and anger cause more grief for their kind. As frightened as
they may be, the Salubri work very hard to keep their spirits high.
Finding another of their kind alive isa cause for quiet celebration.



japter Sout:
Hsciplines

Just as mortals whisper of the Ovead
powers of VaIMHIpives, SO dO CAMIpices VODIS-
pee of the powers of their elders, vwohich ave
beyond even Cainite imagination Chese ex-
treme abilities indicate the altnost limitless
potential to which Cainites canertend their
contcol over the word. Guch manifesta
tions can humble coen the rnost confident
of vampives? not only ave these Discipline
povweersan ievefutable si ign of i ght, theyare
the hallinacks of avwoesome and ancient
undead, Only the icreoocably mador daunt-
lessly courageous dare proeoke such
imsmioctals to display their potency,

Some of those povweers ave detailed here.
Bear in mind that thisis not anethaustive
list of Disciplines it is a compilation of the
hightevod powers that ave celativedy cont
Monarnorng thefewwo Cainites who can wield
them at all Lewes Sir and above allovo the
possessor of a Discipline to generate effects
that stem from her oven personality, not
simply from the Wood of genecations as
lovotevel powers originate Gach povoer


obtained at Level Six and above in any Discipline costs as
many experience points as "re-buying" that level as a whole.
For example, Baron Belleme, a sixth-generation Ventrue,
decides tospend his experience points on obtaining Dominate
Level Six; this costs 30 experience points (current level (6) x
5, as Dominate isa Ventrue clan Discipline). Each additional
Dominate power he accumulates costs an additional 30 expe-
rience points, as his current knowledge of Dominate is still
Level Six (6 x 5 = 30).

Additional powers may be obtained for Disciplines out
side those ofagiven clan's specialization, though theexperience
point price paid for these is accordingly higher.

FAWNIMALISM
seeeee SENSE THE SAVAGE WAY

Many vampires see themselves as more closely tied to
beasts than to mankind. Some Cainites have become so
intimate with their own animal natures that they may access
other creatures' senses. The vampire is a passive observer,
merely seeing what the animal sees, tasting what it tastes.
Even though a beast cannot be controlled with this powe:
many Cainites tind bestial sensations highly pleasurable and
even educational

System: The player rolls Perception + Animal Ken (dif
ticulty 6) for the vampire to bond with an animal of her choice.
While the character need not touch or even see the creature
when employing this power, the beast must be within range.
The number of successes rolled determines the maximum
distance possible for effective initial contact.

20 yards
80 yards
300 yards
1000 yards
One mile

1 success

2 successes

3 successes

4 successes

5 successes

The vampire maintains the connection for as long as she
desires, but can perform no other action while doing 20. As
with Ride the Wild Mind, the spirits of vampire and animal
become entwined. A Wits + Empathy roll (difficulty equal to
10 minus the character's Road rating) is necessary after using
this power. Success indicates that the character resists the lure
of bestial drives, while failure signifies that the character is
influenced by theanimal's passions. The effects are temporary,
but should be roleplayed accordingly. (The extent and dura-
tion of these animalistic tendencies are up to the Storyteller.)
On a botch, the character enters frenzy upon severing the
connection

soooeee Twist THE FERAL WILL

While Cainites recognize their bestial nature — indeed
often relying on it to guide their way on the immortal path —
they know they are superior toall other creatures. This power
reflects the Cainite's utter mastery over leser beasts. The
vampire need not bother possessing an animal; the smallest

DARK AGES COMPANION

portion of her will is enough to seize control of the creature's
spirit and force it to do her bidding. This influence is so great
that it is unnecessary to speak commands or be present once
the animal is controlled; in fact, the vampire may go about
other business while maintaining control.

System: To initiate this power, the vampire must achieve
eye contact with the animal. The player rolls Manipulate +
Animal Ken (difficulty 7); the number of successes obtained
determines the strength of control. One success is sufficient to
demand actions that are natural to the beast, while five
successes create a bond so strong that the animal can perform
highly complex actions (specifics are left to the Storyteller's
discretion). The vampire may perform other actions while
commanding the animal, but such activities are done at a
higher level of difficulty (determined by the Storyteller).
Contact is broken if the creature goes more than a mile from
the character. If the player botches the roll to use this power,
the vampire enters frenzy as she is overwhelmed by animalistic
impulses.

Taant THE CAGED BEAST

There are some Cainites who are so sympathetic to the
Beast within all creatures that they can unleash it ina victim,
evenanother vampire, at will. Through innate understanding,
a vampire can sense the ebb and flow of this primal energy. At
the merest touch, the Cainite can send any subject into frenzy.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Empathy (diffi-
culty 7) and the character must touch the subject to invoke this
power. Each success adds to the victim's difficulty in making a
frenzy check (Self-Control/Instinct roll, difficulty 5). Standard
frenzy rules are applied at this point (see Vampire: The Dark
Ages, page 201). On a botch, the Cainite accidentally triggers
her own Beast's rage, and frenzies immediately.

Auspex
¢ Spirit BoND

This power allows the Cainite to establish a mental bond
with an object or person. The vampire may "check up on" the
object or person at any time after achieving this bond. Invok-
ing the bond instantly reveals exactly where the object or
person is currently located.
many who apply it in

This power is best used sparingly
excess become paranoid and useless, checking on their bonds
every waking hour,

System: The character must physically couch the person
or object when she creates the bond. The playerspendsa Blood
Point and makes a Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty 8). If
this roll is successful, the character may invoke the bond at any
time thereafter, as long as the player makes another successful
Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty 6)

Although the bond reveals the geographical location of
its subject, it does not reveal any local or "small-scale" infor.

mation. For example, though the bond reveals that a


Malkavian's dagger is located just outside Madrid, Spain, it
does not reveal that it is in Duke Phillipe's castle, or that it is
guarded by men-at-arms at all hours of the day.

A Spirit Bond lasts for 10 years (though the Storyteller
may modify this to suit her needs).

ee STEALING THE MIND's EYE

Cainites who have been banished by others of their kind
developed this power to spy on theirrivals. The vampire links
her mind with that of a mortal slave or ghoul servant, and
passively views what that person sees, and hears what he hears.
Although seemingly helpless to the whims of the "host," the
vampire retains limited access to her Disciplines.

Most Cainites do not like the feeling of helplessness that
comes with this mental link, and engage other Disciplines,
such as Dominate or Presence, to command the comings and
goings of the host.

System: The vampire must sce her chosen target. The
player rolls Perception + Subterfuge (difficulty equals the
target's Willpower) for the character to access the mortal's
senses. If the target accepts the character willingly, reduce the
difficulty by two. The connection lasts as long as the vampire
concentrates. Successes indicate how many other mental
Disciplines the vampire may utilize while within the mortal's
mind.

I success No Disciplines may be used
The vampire may use other Auspex powers

The vampire may also use Presence

2 successes
3 successes

4 successes

The vampire may also use Dominate and
Dementation

5 successes The vampire may also use Thaumaturgy

and Chimerstry'
e¢ PLUCK THE SECRET

The Cainite speaks as little asa single word to her subject.
The subject then reveals everything she knows about that
topic to the vampire. The revelation may be delivered through
thoughts or speech, depending on whether the vampire wants
her subject to talk.

System: The vampire must see her subject, though eye
contact is not necessary. The player spends a Blood Point and
makes a Charisma + Empathy roll (difficulty equal to the
subject's Willpower), though callous vampires may "bully"
their subjects, in which case Intimidation is used instead of
Empathy, The number of successes rolled dictates how lucid
the subject's thoughts are, as well as how complex a topic the
Cainite can stipulate.

Random, garbled thoughts Single-word
topic
Simple ideas and concepts Two-word

1 success

2 successes
topic
3 successes Clear, if uncomplicated, ideas

Simple sentence

4 successes Complex ideas presented plainly Simple
concept with conditional statements
Exhaustive and organized revelation

Subjects of vast complexity

THE ORACLE'S SIGHT

At this level of ability, the minds of subjects open to
vampiric perusal. Simple desires and surface thoughts bubble
out of subjects' brains, filling the vampire's mind with a
cacophony of voices. Only Cainites with the greatest self-
discipline dare use this power; weaker ones have been
overwhelmed by the deluge of thoughts and have lost their
minds or been driven to self-destruction,

Of all the clans, the Malkavians seem best able to sift
through the flood of mental images. Elders of other clans
typically shy away from this power, while elder Malkavians
embrace the confusion it creates.

5 successes

System: The vampire is privy to every thought of every-
one in her immediate vicinity. The effects of this power are
auitomatie — no roll is required. Unfortunately, the vampire
cannot control the flood of images, desires and daydreams. If
the character wishes to sort through the barrage, the player
rolls Wits + Leadership (difficulty 6). For each success, the
vampire comprehends one clear thought or image. If the roll
fails, she cannot control the flow of mental images and it
continues unabated, Ifthe player botches the roll, the vampire
gains a temporary Derangement. The effects of the Derange-
ment, as determined by the Storyteller, last until the character
leaves the area.

CELERITY

Celerity is one of the most fundamental yet underdevel-
oped ofall vampiric powers. The little-knownabilities presented
here reveal intriguing new possibilities for this Discipline,
though later generations of Cainites can only dream of attain-
ing such powers.

Those Cainites who look to avail themselves of these
powers must make a choice. These alternate abilities do not
automatically come with each Discipline rating. Vampires
wishing to manifest these powers must choose them instead of
the next level of Celerity when reaching that stage; the more
traditional application may be bought separately for the stan-
dard cost. For example, Alisande learns Celerity Level Six.
She may either take Mercury's Arrow, a power that differs from
the normal Discipline, or continue along the established lines
of Celerity and take the extra action (thereby giving her six
extra actions per turn, provided she's willing to spend the
Blood Points).

Conversely, if a Cainite already has Level-Six Celerity,
she may spend the standard 30 experience (or 42, if Celerity is
jan Discipline) to get the alternate Level-Six power.

This is consistent with the Level Six through Eight powers.

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINES


¢¢ Mercury's Arrow

Vampires who move at the incredible speed conferred by
this power canalso hurl arrows or daggers with fearsome effect.
These weapons strike their targets with the force of ballista
bolts. Assamites are especially adept at this technique. A
Cainite using this power discharges some or all of his preter-
natural speed intoa throw, perhaps killing the target instantly.

System: This power requires the expenditure of a Blood
Point. The player chooses the number of dots of this power to
be invested into a throw. Each dot automatically adds one
Health Level of damage to the damage roll. Any dots remain-
ing in the power can be used as per normal Celerity, to move
quickly, gain extra actions, or even throw another missile

eeeee @ SANGUINARY WIND

Cainites with this knowledge of Celerity move almost
inconceivably quickly. In combat, they become whirling
dervishes of destructive force, reacting to their enemies'
movements before their enemies have even moved.

System: This ability requires two Blood Points to acti-
vate. The Cainite moves so quickly that the player may add a
number of dice equal to Celerity to melee attacks. These dice
may beapplied only tonegating the successes of an opponent's
dodge maneuvers; the Cainite quickly positionsher weapon in
the exact spots where her opponent moves to.

Once activated, this power remains functional for the
duration of the scene.

Resist Eartu's GRASP

Cainites with this power can defy the Earth's pull. While
they cannot fly per se, the speed at which they run allows them
toscale buildings or cross water without sinking. Cainites with
this skill can also ascend battlements, taking the defenders by
surprise.

System: The greatest problem facing the vampire is
maintaining momentum. She must be able to scale a wall or
cross a body of water without stopping, of she will fall or sink
The player must spend one Blood Point to gain speed. The
vampire can then move five feet vertically up or 10 feet
horizontally across a normally unsuitable surface for each level

of Celerity she possesses. Running across moving water also
requiresa Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty varies depend-
ing on the speed of the water).

CHIMERSTRY

eeoee © ARMY OF APPARITIONS

This ability allows the Ravnos to create multiple lifelike
apparitions that move and behave like the real thing. This
assumes that the Ravnos knows how a given object moves and
behaves. A Cainite who has never witnessed a cavalry charge
could not accurately reproduce one. Victims of the illusions

react to them as if they were real — opponents have been

DARK AGES COMPANION

known to rout from artificial cavalry charges, flee from illusory
packs of hungry werewolves, or attempt to board and capture
ghostly galleys.

System: The vampire must spend a Blood Point for each
moving apparition after the first. She can create a number of
individual images equal to her Willpower rating. The motion
continues in the fashion dictated by the vampire until she
discontinues her concentration.

Mirror's VISAGE

This technique allows the vampire to create illusory
duplicates of herself. Those hounding the Ravnos find them-
selves chasing three or four different copies, each capable of
independent movement

Each image mirrors the Ravnos down to the smalle
detail. The Raynos can send her likeness into potential am-
bushes or give the illusion of superior numbers. Sociable
Ravnos can leave their duplicates to distract boring party
guests while they go about their business elsewhere:

System: The player must spend a Blood Point for each
duplicate created. The counterfeits move and behave exactly
as the original does. The images speak, smell and even feel like
the real thing. Anyone examining multiple images cannot tell
the illusions from the genuine article. The effects of this power
last for one scene.

Unless otherwise controlled, the images move and talk in
the exact manner of the vampire. If the character wishes to
control the specific movements of an illusion, the player rolls
Wits + Subterfuge (difficulty 6). The number of successes
determines the complexity of action the image may perform
without revealing its true nature. Failure indicates that the
illusion continues to mirror the Ravnos' every motion. If the
player botches, the image discorporates. If the vampire wishes
to control more than one image at a time, the player's Dice
Pool is split. The Cainite must be able to see the illusion to
issue mental commands. Once out of sight, the illusion contin-
ues to follow its orders until the Ravnos allows it to fade or
returns to issue new commands.

If a mirror image is attacked, the weapon passes through
it. If the Ravnos is not present to command his image to
respond accordingly, it does not react at all and continues
whatever action it was last assigned.

eevee ee FANTASY WORLD

A Ravnos with this ability can create an illusory world in
another being's mind. The victim of this technique might be
wasting away in a dungeon, but believes himself to be a mighty
king or adventurous knight.

System: The player must roll Manipulation + Empathy
(difficulty 8) and spend two Willpower points. The number of
successes determines the complexity of the fantasy world
created, and the amount of time that it lasts. The player
decides what the victim experiences, from a_ nightmarish
world to a paradise. If the fantasy world differs inordinately


from reality, the victim can make a Willpower roll (difficulty
equal to the Raynos' Manipulation + Empathy) to detect the
illusion. The more realistic the imaginary world, the less likely
it is that the victim knows anything is amiss. A victim who
recognizes his predicament can spend a Willpower point to
shatter the fantasy. When this happens-ot the power's time
limit expires, the Ravnos may try to reestablish the illusion,
but her difficulty increases by two.

1 sucet One turn
2 Successes
3 Successes One day
4 Successes One week

One fortnight

DAIMOINON
¢ © DinBonic Lark

The Baali uses this power to impose her infernal will on

One hour

her subject's spirit. Upon gaining hold of the victim's soul, the

Baali can steer a course toward damnation. No matter how
noble the target is or how lofty her aims are, she may find
herself unable to resist even the most depraved enticements.

System: After using Sense the Sin to disclose the best
route to her target's true nature, the Baali spends a number of
Blood Points equal to the amount by which she wants to lower

the victim's Road rating. If the player makes a Manipulation

+ Occult resisted roll against the target's Conscience/Convic-
tion + 4 (maximum 10), the target's Road rating drops by the
desired amount, permanently. The victim now operates at her
new rating, and can only regain her lost points in the standard
way. While this change is sudden, intelligence is not lost with
humanity. A cunning vampire should be capable of hiding her
new inclinations for some time

eeeee e¢ INFERNAL SERVITOR

In their pursuit of darkness, some Baali call upon assis-
tance from Hell itself, These damned vampires have, using
arcane pacts and diabolical will, summoned up demonic atten
dants. An endeavor of this sort is not without its perils, of
course, Although a demon is supposed to obey its undead
master, rumor claims that many Baali have suffered horribly at
the hands of their hellish servants. Such legends suggest that
trafficking with beasts of the Pit will be the Baali's downfall.
Then again, such stories may be panicked claims spread by
Cainites fearful for their own tainted souls.

System: The player spends three Blood Points and rolls
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 8), The number of successes
indicates the type of demon summoned

I success inp

2 successes Demonhound ot imp
3 successes Demonhound, doppelganger, imp or
incubus/suecubus

N\


Any of the above infernal hosts ora
demonic warrior servitor

4 successes

5 successes Any of the above or a demonic tempter

Details on these demons may be found on pages 267-269
of Vampire: The Dark Ages.

A mortal form must also be on hand; this subject may be
a carefully selected sacrifice or simply some poor fool who
stumbled in at the wrong time. The victim is possessed (or, in
the case of the demonic warrior and tempter, mostly con-
sumed) by the monster once it is summoned. The demon
performs one task of the Baali's choosing and returns to the
nether world, leaving the husk of its mortal victim behind.
While it is bound to its summoner, the demon always tries to
twist its command to its best advantage. Usually, the more
demanding the task, the more likely the demon will find a
loophole through which to trouble the Baali. On a botch, a
ifinor dennonic lord appears: toideay:the presumptuans Baal
Hack 6 tes fiery tales

eveee oe CINLENSH HELL'S Fury

This most dreaded of powers curses the Baali's victim
with the full thrust of Hell's flames. This affliction comes into
effect when the sun reaches zenith directly above the subject,
burning her as if she were fully exposed to the searing affects
of sunlight. Flooring, heavy stone mausoleums, coffin lids and
even yards of solid earth offer no defense against the curse.
Only a vampire's preternatural resistance can hope to resist
the all-consuming flames. This isa favored execution tactic of
dangerous Cainite lords, but has also been used by the Baali for
purely malicious entertainment.

System: To use this power, the Baali must touch or
establish eye contact with the subject. After the player spends
Blood Points equal to the number of turns the flames will be
ineffect, an Intelligence + Occult roll is made (difficulty equal
tothe target's Willpower). The curse normally triggers on the
next day; every success rolled allows the Baali an extra day
before it takes effect (careful Baali often choose to delay the
effects to deflect any suspicion from themselves). The victim
may only soak if she has Fortitude or other Disciplines that
defend specifically against sunlight. Rolling about on the
ground or plunging in water douses some of the flames, but the
target still takes "new" damage each turn until the curse runs
its course. If the player botches, the Baali is immediately
engulfed by her own backlash for the designated number of
turns. This backlash causes aggravated damage, and is treated
as sunlight instead of flame.

DEMENTATION
eveee ¢ LUINA'S EMBRACE

This power was developed bya Malkavian with acapricious
streak. He was interested in giving others, whether mortal or
undead, not just a taste of Malkav's divine lunacy but a full
draught of his own particular brand. By employing this ability, a

DARK HGES COMPANION

Malkavian can manipulate the subject's mind so that it mirrors
his own. The target's very personality is warped into a copy of the
vampire's, including any Derangements and related mental
problems the Cainite possesses. While the victim gains none of
the Malkavian's knowledge or powers, she subconsciously warps
the shared personality to best use, and warps those powers that
she does possess to reflect her tormentor. The effects cause the
target to echo the vampire's nature but do not bestow any sort of
control over the subject. Malkavians find this power maliciously
entertaining, though some find it enlightening to see their
demented antics displayed by others.

System: Before using this power, the Cainite must estab-
lish eye contact with the subject. The player then uses the
Malkavian's Charisma + Subterfuge in a resisted roll against
the target's Intelligence + Self-Control/Instincts (the diffi-
culty for both is 6). The shared personality lasts for one night
toa full year, depending on the number of successes.

One night
One week
One month

1 success

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes Six months

5 successes One year

eee DELAYED DELIRIUM

One of the many things in which Malkavians delight is
seeing ostensibly sane individuals suddenly be overcome with
madness. This refined version of Kiss of the Moon implants a
Derangement of the vampire's choice in any victim, mortal or
Cainite, to be released ata later date. Many a vampire has used
this power to trigger insanity in a target to coincide with meticu-
lous plans— just as many others have applied it purely ona whim.

System: The vampire must make eye contact and speak to
the victim, describing the Derangement he wants the target to
manifest. The dialogue may be interspersed in an otherwise
innocuous conversation, but this raises the Malkavian's diffi-
culty by one. The Cainite also describes the circumstances
under which the Derangement triggers —, anything from
"When you next see your wife" to "a fortnight hence." The
player makes a resisted Manipulation + Empathy roll against
the victim's current Willpower rating. If one success is scored,
the victim manifestsa Derangement of the Malkavian's choice
at the indicated time, which lasts for one year, Two or more
successes make the Derangement permanent.

@ e¢@ PRISON OF THE MIND

Those whoclaim that insanity is the root of inspiration could
well cite this power as evidence. Some Malkavians can create
realistic yet delusional environments in which victims' minds are
trapped. When this power takes effect, the subject convulses for
amomentand then collapses. She no longer senses the real world,
and interacts entirely with phantom people and illusory events
Aslongas the target's mind is locked in this psychic cell, her body
ceasesall but the most rudimentary functions inorder to maintain
life (in the case of Cainites, the subject effectively enters torpor).


System: The Malkavian must make eye contact and
concentrate completely on the victim for a full turn. The
player rolls Charisma + Intimidation in a resisted roll against
the subject's Wits + Courage (both rolls are against a difficulty
of 8). The length of time spent in the mental prison is
determined by the successes obtained:

I success One week
2 successes One month
3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

Six months
One year
10 years

A mortal afflicted by Prison of the Mind must be spoon-
fed and personally attended — she becomes an utter invalid
for the duration of the power's influence.

DoMINATE
¢* Aaronomic Mastery

A vampire'can use this power to incapacitate her victim
ith a glances This power ellowa the Cainite to manipulate
the target's basic mental functions. Though she merely im
presses mental suggestions on her target, these suggestions are
powerful enough tokill. She may command her victim's heart
to stop beating or cause him to go blind

Only a few Ventrue learn this particularly deadly tech-
nique from their elders. These potenc assassins eliminate
problems permanently when subtlety fails to get results.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Medicine (dif-
ficulty equal to the target's Willpower +2; strong-willed
individuals prove impervious if the difficulty exceeds 10). The
effect lasts for a number of turns equal to the number of
successes on the roll. The player must choose the exact effect
that will be created before she rolls. She may choose to affect
any of the basic functions of the body, including heartbeat,
breathing, eyesight, hearing or even perspiration. The vam-
pire is capable of starting or stopping such functions, or can
cause them to fluctuate wildly. The Storyteller determines the
actual effects on the target.

For example, a mortal stricken blind for three turns will
panic, while one whose heart stops will probably die. This
power works equally well on vampires, though the effects may
differ: Manipulating a vampire's heart will have no affect on
him, buta blind vampire is almost as helpless asa blind mortal

eeeee o@ COMMAND THE LEGION

This power, developed by noble Ventrue, allows the user
to affect masses of people as if they were one consciousness.
The Cainite can combine this power with Murmur of the False
Will to affect a large audience.

System: The vampire uses Murmur of the False Will to affect
the member of the crowd most resistant to his will. For each success
above and beyond that required to Dominate the first individual,
one additional person may be affected by the same command. Ifthe
first individual cannot be affected, then none of the group can be.

eee EMPOWERING TH

With this power, the vampire uses her singular will to give
weight to the commands of another. In this way, she may rule
from behind the throne, but still demand absolute compliance
from her subjects. The puppet may not even be aware of the
vampire's influence. She may mistakenly believe that her rule
is absolute, failing to realize that only the support of her
clandestine ally keeps her from the gallows:

Ventrue often use this talent to support a chosen noble in
exchange for policies that favor and fatten the vampire's
coffers. Malkavians, on the other hand, have used this ability
at the most inopportune moments, choosing to empower
sovereigns during heated debates or at whimsical moments.
Noble lords have jumped into moats at the behest of their
lieges, and ladies have met untimely fates on the chopping
block due to the pranks of Madmen.

System: The player selects the subject of the character's
Dominate attempt, and the nature of the Dominate power she
wishes to bestow. The player must roll Manipulation + Subter-
fage (difficulty equal to the recipient's Willpower). If the roll
succeeds, the vampire may use any of her Dominate abilities
through the pawn, The vampire attempts to Dominate any
additional subjects 26 usual, though shemay dso only chrough
the eyes of her "puppet." In this way a puppet monarch can be
made to condition subjects with Lure of the Subtle Whispers,
command guards with Murmur of the False Will, or the vampire
may transfer her mind into another's body with Vessel. The
player must make the Manipulation + Subterfuge roll each time
her character uses a new ability through the puppet.

FORTITUDE

The vast majority of Cainites who enjoy this Discipline's
benefits rely on it merely to shrug off the effects of damage.
Their undead natures already make them highly resistant to
harm; Fortitude makes them nigh invulnerable. Some
Cappadocians, discontent with this power's current manifes-
tation, have pioneered new applications.

As with Celerity, vampires who choose to augment their
knowledge of this Discipline must choose, upon mastering six
or more levels, whether to take the secondary power or
advance normally to Fortitude Level Seven.

¢ ¢ ARMOR OF VITALITY

Vampires are already formidable opponents in combat;
those with Fortitude are doubly so. This power toughens the
Cainite's flesh to the hardness of marble. Ordinary weapons
shatter upon striking the vampire, without causing the slight-
est blemish to undead flesh.

System: The player spends a Blood Point and rolls the
vampire's Fortitude (difficulty 7) when the character is struck
by an object. If the successes equal or exceed successes rolled
for damage, the weapon smashes to bits. On a failed roll, the
player still rolls to soak the dam

DISCIPLINES


e+ Bestow ViGor

This special power was developed by a Cappadocian
scholar interested in the relative endurance of creatures and
individuals. With this ability, the Cainite can endow another
with some of her own preternatural stamina. While soempow-
ered the subject enjoys the full benefits of Fortitude, and the
vampire loses none of her own supernatural resistance

System: The player rolls the vampire's Stamina + Sur-
vival (difficulty 8), and spends a Blood Point for each point of
Fortitude she wishes the character to giv
This amount cannot exceed the vampire's own rating in
Fortitude. The Cainite must make the target ingest the Blood
Points spent (this is commonly done by drinking the blood or
by dripping it into an open wound). The number of successes
determines how long the subject retains her power. The

a chosen subject

character also retains her tull level of Fortitude during this
time; the effect is essentially duplicated in the subject through
the power of the vampire's blood.

success One turn

2 successes Three turns
Fstccesses One secre

ses Oni

umpire 1a number of points

almost alll » we the the it

Jead must take rest each
day from dawn until sunset. Even the most determined vampire
cannot resist the arms of slumber during daylight hours. A
Cappadocian looking to ensure his continued existence (and
expand his research time) perfected this formidable power. A
Cainite mastering this application of Fortitude can remainactive
during daytime, functioning almost as effectively as if it were
darkest night. Note that this doesn't give any further protection
from the sun's effects beyond Fortitude's normal benefits.

System: The player makes a Via roll (difficulty 6); each
success indicates how long the vampire may remain awake
before another roll is needed, as shown below. Failure indi-
cates that the character is till trying to rouse hitnself and may
try again next turn (however, a second failure puts him back
to sleep unless something else happens to awaken him later)
Ona botch, he sleeps the sleep of the dead steaight through to
the middle of the next night.

1 success One turn

Three turns
One hour
Two hours
All day

The player may instead have the vampire spend a Blood
Point to awaken immediately (this is particularly useful if
thereare intruders in the Cainite'shaven, intenton mischief)
In this case, the character rouses mstantly, fully alert for a

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

DARK AGES COMPANION

number of turns equal to his Stamina + Road. If he wishes to
stay awake after that point, another Blood Point or a roll is

necessary, as above

The player must choose which option he wants prior to
takingaction; he cannot choose to roll, fail and then decide to
spend a Blood Point. This option may be switched at any time,
however — initially spending a Blood Point, then going to
rolls that are successful, ot vice versa

The player uses this system to determine wakefulness
whether the character consciously decides he wants to stay
awake in the coming day or is roused by activity near hishaven
This system is used instead of the normal procedures described
in Vampire: The Dark Ages (pages 206-207)

Normally, a vampire awake during the day cannot havea
Dice Pool greater than his current Road rating. With this
power, a vampire can have a Dice Pool maximum equal to his
Road + his current Willpower

Mortis

¢¢ ANiMatre Host

This power, a variation on the Vigor Mortis Discipline
ses. The reaninated creatures exist tor

fuses anumber ot ¢

i ling. These

srt periixdoftime rodothe vamp
function similarly to those created through Vigor Mortis, but
ure not reanimated to quite the same degree. Cappadocians
developed this technique axia frontline defense for theie
havens and laboratories, using the walking dead as footmen.

System: A corpse may be raised for each Blood Point spent
by the player. The blood must be physically scattered near the
bodes, typically by slashing one's palms or wrists and spraying
blood. These zombu may be human or animal and can even have
been buried in the ground (although corpses so animated may
spend their entire "second lives" trying to dig themselves out).

The zombu created in this fashion have the same Physical
Attributes as when they were living, and the bodies maintain
their current rates of decay. Having been raised in such a hasty
fashion, there is very little life to them; they are not capable of
actual thought. Instead, they function on little more than an
instinctual level (each has only one dot in all Mental At
tributes). They will, however, carry out their creator's
commands as best they can. Also, these zombu possess one
extra Health Level than they did in life, do not suffer wound
penalties, and are immediately destroyed when they reach
Incapacitated.

The animation lasts @ number of turns equal to the
number of successes rolled against Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty 6). The character can extend that time for the
entire host by spending a Blood Point for each additional turn.

© SENSE DEATH's IMMINENCE
The vampire can detect sudden ebbs of life energy which

ff thes:

occur when things di

fiscern the subtleri fluctuations. With skill, the


vampire can interpret the energy flow accurately enough to

sense when someone nearby passes from life into death, or
even perceive the impending death of a living subject. The
Cainite need not be present to read the energies, since he is
attuned to the ebb and flow of the deaths of all things.

System: When someone dies within 50 yards of the
character, the player rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty 6).
Success determines that the character senses the death, with
high numbers of success revealing details regarding the subject's
demise, as indicated below (the Storyteller may roll for the
player to conceal whether a failure or botch occurs). If the roll
botches, the character interprets inaccurate information.

1 success Senses the nearby death
2 successes A basic idea of the cause of death
General location and more detailed cause
of death

3 successes

4 successes Specific location and an idea of the events

surrounding the death

5 successes Extremely detailed information regarding

the death

ter may also attempt to discover the strength

The char
of death's hold upon a living subject. The player rolls Percep
tion + Occult (difficulty is the subject's Willpower) with

length of time until the vierim's

PLacae WIND
adocians who master this power ate able to unlock
the decay in everything around them. The Cainite taps into
the death which dwells in all living things, from mortals to
beasts to plants. Human and animal victims waste away in
hours. Small plants wither and decay. The Plague Wind does
not discriminate; everything in the area of effect —aside from
the vampire himself — is subject to its corrupting influence
Other Cainites are not immune to this power, although it
affects them differently than it does mortals. If they are unable
to resist the plague's effects, vampiric victims fall into torpor
Even if they do resist, Cainites become plague carriers, spread-
ing death to any mortals they touch.
Itis rumored that Lamia developed this power before she
established her own bloodline
System: The player spends two Willpower points and the
vampire touches one of the intended victims. The plague flows
outward from that target on a putrid wind to engulf any other
victims in the area. Each victim rolls Stamina (difficulty is the
attacking vampire's Stamina + Occult) against the lethal
sickness. A target with Fortitude may add those dice to her roll
as well. Success dissipates the Plague Wind's full effects, but
the victim still loses one point of Stamina for the rest of the
indicates that the t

ce. Failur Cis overcome by putres
within an hour. The total numt

CHAPTER FOCIR: DISCIPLINES


any small organisms in the area such as saplings or dogs are
corrupted automatically (and do not count toward the total
number of victims).

A vampire stricken by the Plague Wind
above; however, instead of expiring on a failed roll the victim
goes into torpor. If the subject resists the power, she becomes
aplague carrier for the next three days, Any mortals who come
in contact with the Cainite must roll Stamina (difficulty 6).
Failure means a mortal contracts the plague.

OBFUSCATE
eevee © DIASTASIS
The Cainite gives the appearance of being somewhere
other than her actual location. While her true form goes
unnoticed, the vampire's reflection moves, reacts and is real in
every visual sense, Anyone or anything occupying the false
image's space encounters no resistance with the phantom; the
image is seemingly superimposed on the real person ot object,
and can in no way affect (or be affected by) anything.
System: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge (difficulty 8)

to activate this power. The false image
character's own form (which fades from vision) and moves up

affected as

ppears over the
toone yard away. More successes allow the vampire to extend
the image a greater distance. The illusion is sustained as long
as the Cainite maintains visual contact with it.
One yard
Two yards
Five yards

4 successes 10 yards

5 successes 30 yards

The character can attempt other actions at an additional
level of difficulty while maintaining this power. Since the
vampire's true form is effectively unseen, her activities are likely
performed with decreased difficulties (specific modifiers are up to
the Storyteller's discretion). Whenever the character interacts
physically with anything, such as picking up an object or
attacking someone, those able to notice make contested Percep-
tion + Alertness rolls against the Cainite's Wits + Subterfuge
(difficulty 6). If the vampire gets more successes, her true
location remains unnoticed; if any individuals roll more suc-
cesses than the player, however, they figure out her general
position. This does not mean the vampire is suddenly rendered
visible to all; those who notice her only know that something is
there (attacks are made at + 2 difficulty), and if the character
moves the contested rolls are made all over again.

1 success

Additionally, those attacking the Cainite's image make
Perception + Alertness rolls (difficulty 4) when they "strike"
(this difficulty may be increased ifthe vampire ismovingherown
body and "reacting" to each blow). One success alerts the
individual that something isnot right about his opponent, while

two or more reveal the image for what it is. This does not disrupt

the phantasm, nor does it divulge the vampire's true location.

DARK AGES COMPANION

Auspex will reveal the location of the Cainite using this
power.

eee VEIL THE LEGIONS

Similar to Cloak the Gathering, this power was developed
by Nosferatu strategists to conceal large forces. A Cainite profi-
cient with this power may maintain it from a distance so that her
actions do not compromise the Veil's integrity. Any protected
individuals who compromise the Veil are exposed to view.

System: The vampire may conceal 10 individuals for each
dot of Stealth she possesses. No roll is necessary to create the
Veil, butanyone under its protection may disrupt it. Sounds of
movement and whispers do not undo it, but shouting and
combat within require the vampire's player to make a Wits +
Stealth roll to maintain the Veil's integrity.

Should she so choose, the Cainite may apply the power in
person and then leave the area witha successful Wits + Stealth
roll (difficulty 7). The maximum distance the character may
move from the Veil depends on the number of successes, as
noted below.

Isuccess 10 yards
30 yards
100 yards
500 yards

2000 yards

¢ ¢¢¢ TRUSTED CONFESSOR

Masters of information, the Nosferatu developed this
formidable power to draw out secrets from even the most
private and paranoid of individuals. With this ability, the
Cainite appears as someone the subject regards with the
utmost respect. This person is not someone who would awe or
overly impress the victim; rather it issomeone she feelsshe can
tell her deepest secrets to. The confidant can even be a far-off
friend or long-dead relative if the vampire's power is strong
enough to make the subject believe it all to be a dream.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Acting (diffi-
culty of the subject's Perception + Alertness, maximum 10),
The more the successes, the more convincing the deception.

OBTENEBRATION
¢ ¢ DARKSOME EMBrac

This power enables the Cainite to pour forth her innet
darkness. The shadow stuff vomits from the vampire's mouth
and engulfs a chosen target with a soul-burning chill. The
darkness leeches the blood from mortal victims in a black
parody of the Kiss and, while it cannot drain blood from other
vampires, it does engender overwhelming feelings of terror.

System: The player makes a Willpower roll and spends a
Blood Poine, While this power wraps the victinvin darkness,
the target is not physically hampered. Mundane attacks have
no effect on the shadow stuff, though magical or Discipline-

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

based attacks dissipate it


Mortal victims caught in this embrace lose one point of
blood per turn, and suffer an additional three difficulty to all
actions (to a maximum of 10). Cainites don't lose any blood,
though the preternatural chill is so terrifying that their diffi-
culties also increase by three and they must successfully roll
against Courage (difficulty 8) or suffer Rétschreck.

The user must focus her attention on maintaining the
darknessandcan take nootheractions. Ifthe vampire is attacked
during this time, the shadow stuff instantly returns to her body
through her mouth. Otherwise, the Cainite can summon it back
at any moment, gaining a number of Blood Points equal to half
the number drained from her mortal victim (rounded up).

ee DEATH SHROUD

Particularly clever Lasombra have become so skilled at ma-
nipulating darkness that they can animate a subject's very shadow.
Aslongas there is sufficient light to cast ashadow, the vampire can
command the shadow to perform any number of dark deeds with
but a thought, While this power is active, the subject casts no
shadow, as the darkness funnels directly into the Death Shroud.

The powers of Obtenebration are horrifying enough to
most mortals (and even many Cainites). Still, the Death
Shroud is a particularly terrifying manifestation. Toa mortal,
it appears as if her very soul is detached, empowered to
independentaction by the Devil himself. Such an unholy act
can be enough to drive the weak-minded insane, and make
even the most stalwart fear for their immortal souls.

System: The player spends a Blood Point and, on a
successful Willpower roll (difficulty 8), the vampire brings a
shadow to life. Each success animates the shadow for an hour
(although it disappears at sunrise no matter how much time is
left from successes). A botch animates a shadow with hostile
intent toward its creator. The Death Shroud has Attribute and
Ability ratings equal to half those of the subject from which it
is cast (round down), although it ‘always has the Stealth
Ability of 5. Additionally, the shadow possesses Obtenebration
equal to halfits creator's rating, to be used as the vampire wills,

The Shroud may separate itself from the subject and travel
up to 50 feet away, even slithering through cracks and up walls.
It may be attacked, although physical assaults only do half
damage (round all results down); flame and supernatural attacks
(vampire fangs, werewolfclaws, Disciplines, etc.) do full damage.
If the shadow is "killed" its creator loses half her current Will-
power and must roll to avoid Rétschreck (difficulty 9).

. Nicur Suapes

The Cainite has gained such power over Obtenebratior
dark energies that he may summon creatures made of shadow
itself. There is much debate as to the true nature of these night
shades. Some claim they are damned souls brought back to the
land of the living. Others state they are animated darkness.

Suill others think of them as extensions of the vampite's own
black spirit. A few Cainites have pointed out that these may
all be one and the same

System: The player must spend one Willpower and five
Blood Points to invoke a Night Shade (so if three of the
creatures are summoned, the player must pay three Willpower
and 15 Blood Points). The vampire drips the blood into his
own shadow, creating a doorway through which the Night
Shade enters this world. The shade can only emerge from the
character's own shadow but may move about freely thereafter.
Once created, the shade is ready to serve the Cainite:

The Lasombra may call up to three of these tenebrous
forms atany time. While weapons strike them as effectively as
if they were mortal, they suffer no wound penalties from such
blows (although the shades dissipate if their Health Level
drops to Incapacitated). The Night Shades' dark forms possess
some sort of awareness, as they are able to carry out their

Armor OF DARKNESS

Obtenebration 4, Fortitude 2

Most Lasombra have numerous retainers and ser-
vitors who advance the Cainites' machinations. Still,
there are some Lasombra who maintain active roles in
particularly sensitive ploteseven if inimieans venturing
into the dangerous realm of daylight. These uncom
mon vampires developed a technique for protecting
themselves from the sun's deadly effects.

Blending the Disciplines of Obtenebration and
Fortitude, a Cainite weaps herselfin the stuff of shadow.
This creates a dark mantle that shields her from the
sun's rays and the harmful effects of fire.

System: The player spénds a Willpower point and
two Blood Points, then rollsagainst Willpower (difficulty
8). The number of suécesses equals the number of dice
which may be added tq dak rolls against the effects of
sunlight and fire (this is irraddition to the Stamina and
Fortitude of the character) The Cathite mist.concen-
trate on maintaining the armor but may perfdtm other
actions and usg her Disciplines as ysual (the difficylty of
all such actions is increased by one while this pawer is in
effect). If she fails to\soak any damage, the vampire
resolves fire effects and Rétschreck normally.

This power sheathes the character in shadows that
resemble a shapeless cloak. A Manipulation + Craft
roll (difficulty 6) may he used to mold the darkness into
a specific form, liké clothing, robes or even a suit of
plate mail, Any patt of the body not covered by this
shape isnot protected. A few Lasombra are said to have
this;shadow armor about them always; cowled and
black-clad Gainites may not be wearing heavy wool,
but the very substance of darkness given shape.

Thisabilitys guarded closely by its few practitioners
The character must first find a Cainite skilled in using
Armor of Darkness, and then persuade her to pass on its
secrets. It costs 15 experience points to gain this power.


summoner's verbal directions and even act independently
when required to. Barring their untimely destruction, the
shades do the vampire's bidding for the remainder of that
night, and vanish at dawn.

Specific information on Night Shades is listed below.

Nigut Suave
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 5
Virtues: Conviction 0, Instinct 0, Courage 5
Talents: Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1
Skills: Stealth 8
Knowledges: None
Disciplines: Obtenebration 3. A Night Shade is considered to
be in Tenebrous Form at all times, though it may attack and
be injured by mundane means.
Blood Pool: 0, Willpower: 5
Other Information: A Night Shade senses things in ways
mortals cannot comprehend. It is not blinded by light (al-
though flame injures it as does any other attack), and it is not
affected by illusions or by darkness, natural or unnatural. The
Night Shade's deathly-cold touch does aggravated damage.
Finally, the Night Shade need not spend Blood Points to use
its Disciplines.

DARK AGES COMPANION

POTENCE

Vampires of Dark Medieval Europe possess the ability to
concentrate and focus their inhuman strength. The Brujah in
particular have honed their skill with Potence beyond that of
most Cainites. When spending experience or freebie points, the
player may choose to purchase an extra point of Potence or a
secondary power available at her current level.

eovee © THE Fist OF CAINE

The vampire refines control of his strength to the point
where he may project it from a distance. The master of Potence
delivers a devastating blow, gaining all the benefits of his
enhanced vampiric strength while yards from his target.

System: The vampire may engage in brawling combat up to
a number of yards away from her target equal to her Potence. The
player muststill roll cohit, bue with modifiers that would normally
apply toa ranged attack. The damage from such an attack equals
the vampire's Potence, though this damage is not considered
automatic (as Potence normally is) and must be rolled.

eeeee oe THE FORGER'S HAMMER

The Brujah can use their supernatural strength to forge
weapons of exceptional quality. While humans must use the
hammer and anvil, ancient Brujah can shape metal with their
hands. Insodoing, they imbue weapons with someoftheirown
mystical strength. Over time this technique has fallen into


disuse as humanity has made greater technical advances in
metallurgy. The weapons of the ancients, however, are rare
and valuable items.

System: The Brujah who wishes to create a weapon must first
acquire the proper materials. The forging of the blade involves the
most effort, but the mounting and dressing of the weapon takes as
much time and skill. When forging the blade, the vampire beats the
metal with her bare hands, shaping the material into the weapon
of her choice. The player must succeed in a Strength + Crafts roll
(difficulty 8). For every two successes, the weapon causes an
additional die of damage (maximum of + 3). The weapon is also
incredibly resistant and can withstand heavy blows, and remains
sharp with little upkeep. These weapons cause aggravated wounds.

96 TOUCH OF PAIN

A Cainite with this level of ability no longer needs to
swing clumsily at her opponents in order to cause damage. The
vampire utilizes the full force of her strength with but a touch.
Vampiric strength mystically focuses through contact, and
can destroy the target instantly.

Rumors tell that an elder Assamite developed this tech-
nique and used it to destroy a band of Brujah intent on diablerie.

System: Through concentration and the expenditure of
a Blood Point, the vampire can project the full force of her
strength against a specified target. Ifthe target isan inanimate
object, it cannot resist the force of the blow. Living beings,
including vampires, may soak the damage as normal. In either
case, the damage level equals the vampire's Potence. Such
blows can destroy wooden doors or even crumble stone walls.
Genteel Brujah can cripple rivals with a handshake — never
breaching etiquette by raising their fists in anger.

PRESENCE
eeeee @ RENEW THE EARTHLY PLEASURES

Vampires can no longer experience the simple pleasures
of mortal life. With this ability, a Cainite can overwhelm
another vampire witha flood of kine emotions and sensations
that have long been only fragile memories. The subject of this
power finds herself reeling under an onslaught of long-dead
passions and pleasures. Unable to cope with or control these
feelings, she may be incapacitated with ecstasy.

Some vampires actually crave the effects of this power
and seek out vampires who possess it. These creatures become
addicted to the flood of raw emotion they are incapable of
feeling on their own. Powerful but cold-blooded Ventrue have
fallen to wily Setites who employ this power.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Empathy (dif-
ficulty equals the target's Self-Control/Instincts + 3). The
difficulty also varies according to the target's Via score: For
each point below 5 that the target's Via rating is, the difficulty
increases by one (maximum 10), This power normally has no
effect on mortals. At the Storyteller's discretion, however, it
might affect a particularly passionate one.

Nostalgic human feelings
Mild pleasure (-1 to Dice Pools)
Increased sensations (-2 to Dice Pools)
Ecstasy (-5 to Dice Pools)

I success

2 successes

3 successes

4 successes

5 successes Target loses consciousness for a number of
turns equal to 10 minus Self-Control/Instincts

¢* CINHOLY PENANCE

Justas the Lasombra organize themselvesafter the Church,
so do they use Disciplines that mirror religious practices. This
variation of Presence was developed from the Lasombra's long-
standing association with the holy orders. The vampire creates
overwhelming feelings of guilt in his chosen victim, forcing
him to his knees in supplication. The target begs forgiveness
from whomever will listen — most often the unforgiving
Lasombra standing over her stricken enemy. Lasombra com-
monly use this power on members of the Church. They learn
all their victims' dirty secrets in just a few moments and can
blackmail the kine for the remainder of their lives.

System: The player must successfully roll Manipulation +
Empathy (difficulty is the opponent's Conscience/Conviction
+4). The Storyteller may reduce the difficulty against a victim
who has led a particularly debauched life. He may also reduce
the difficulty against a target who is exceptionally penitent
Those who are currently suffering from guilt —a target in the
midst of giving confession, for example — are the most
susceptible,

The effects of the power are twofold, First, each success
incapacitates the victim for one turn, Second, the victim
whispers his darkest secrets and vilest sins for as long as the
effect lasts. This ability only affects one target at a time. The
power will even quell a subject in the ravages of frenzy.

ee* BLOODLUST

The Cainite uses her beguiling charm and preternatural
leadership skills to inspire her troops to do battle for her. This
power instills its targets with unshakable confidence. The
victims obey the commands of their vampiric master, even to
the death. The enraged horde will attack superior forces,
charge mounted cavalry, and enter into suicidal battle. Those
affected will do whatever is necessary to win the night.

The Brujah perfected this technique, although too late to
prevent the sack of Carthage. Still, noble Ventrue fear the
repercussions of this newfound power. Under its influence,
peasant armies have overthrown castles and common mobs
have defeated armed guards.

System: After the vampire assembles her troops and
rouses them for battle, the player must successfully roll Ap-
pearance + Leadership (difficulty 7). Those influenced by this
power ignore Health Level penalties up to Crippled. Also,
mortals under the influence of this ability automatically pass
any Courage rolls. Once a mortal reaches Crippled, she can no
longer fight, and collapses. The number of successes indicates
the number of mortals affected.

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINE


1 success Two mortals

2 successes Six mortals
Ssuccesses 10 mortals
4 successes 20 mortals

5 successes Everyone who can see the character

PROTEAN
¢¢ MAsTERY OF THE EARTH

This power expands on the Cainite's ability to become
one with the earth, and permits him to move about in the
ground as easily as if it were water. The vampire can sense a
short distance around him in much the same manner that a
mortal might find his way in a darkened room. He cannot,
however, actually see within the earth or monitor other
activities unless he raises his head above ground. As this
ability clearly defies Nature's order, it is not surprising that the
Cainite need only be in contact with the smallest portion of
exposed ground for it to be effective. With but a thought, he
can will himself through the slightest crack and into the safety
of the earth.

System: As with Earth Meld, no roll is needed and the
character is subsumed into the ground immediately. The
player must spend a Blood Point. Once in the earth, the
Cainite may move about during any time of day (although he
may have difficulty staying awake during daylight hours) until
he wishes to re-emerge. Should one vampire hunt another in
this underground realm, contested Wits + Athletics rolls
(difficulty assigned by the Storyteller) resolve the pursuit

esos oe THE MANTLE OF BESTIAL
Malesty

Originally developed by a Gangrel with an affinity for
wolves, this power enables the Cainite to tap into that
animal's Beast. The vampire then uses the connection to
manifest the creature's essential spirit in himself. Blending his
immortal soul with the anima of the wolf, the Cainite grows to
incredible size, topping eight feet, his body thickens, and he
sprouts a pelt, His arms lengthen and his hands grow razor-
sharp claws. His face transforms into something halfway
between man and beast.

Whispered rumors hint that the bestial spirits of cats,
birds or even vermin may also be tapped in this manner.

System: The vampire spends three Blood Points to take
on the mantle. The transformation takes three turns (spend-
ingadditional Blood Points reduces the time of transformation
by one turn per point spent) and lasts until the next dawn
unless the Cainite wishes to change back sooner.

Thismassive man-wolfshape bestows incredible abilities,
beyond dramatic cosmetic changes. All Physical Attributes
increase by three and all Social Attributes drop to 1. The
vampite's taloned handsand wolf-toothed jaws inflict Strength

Health Level. The Caiite ean abo run ar speeds of up to 30

DARK AGES COMPANION

miles per hour for extended periods of time. Furthermore, the

vampire gains a wolts superior senses; the difficulties of all
hearing: and smell-based rolls are reduced by one, and the
hybrid automatically receives the benefits of the Witness of
Darkness power

eee PURIFY THE BODY

Through sheer force of will, the vampire can expel a stake
or other object which has been thrust into her. The violating
object is ejected powerfully from her body amidst a shower of
blood. This power has been the saving grace of many Gangrel
who might otherwise have suffered Final Death torpor? at the
point of a stake,

System: The player spends two Blood Points, then makes
a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). Success propels the offending
stake' some distance from the vampire's body.

QuiETUs
© QuickEN THE Morvat's Boop

An Assamite at this level has developed an exception
degree of control over the vitae he consumes. Even t
smallest amount of blood can sustain him. Although +:
power does not reduce the vampire's need for vitae, it!
fulfill his needs much more quickly

System: After drinking from a vessel or otherwise im'
ing mortal blood, the vampire can double the etfectivene
each Blood Point. The player rolls Stamina + Occult (dus
culty 6), Each success enables the vampire to convert one
Blood Point into two. The normal limitations for Blood Pc
still apply, but the vampire requires less blood from her
victims.

eeeee ee HINDER THE CAINITE VITAE

The assassin uses this power to prevent her prey
utilizing a portion of his supernatural blood. The wr
affected by this power slowly loses the ability to heal w
use blood-based Disciplines or increase Physical Attrib:
These powers, no matter how advanced they may be, become
essentially useless.

System: The Assamite using this power must touch he
prey. The player spends three Blood Points and rolls \\
power (difficulty equal to the target's Stamina + Fortitude
successful, the target becomes unable touse a number of E
Points equal to the successes gained on the roll. The nu:
of successes also equals the number of turns for which the e*¢
lasts, When used repeatedly, this power cripples its sut
This power affects ghouls, but has no effect on mortals

eee BLOOD AWAKENING

Some vampires speak of the feelings they "taste" ir *
blood of mortals. Assamites know of this residual life es

and can awaken the echo of mortality in each drop of !
These Cainites draw impressions from their victims lon.
those victims have expired


Blood Awakening has two different but related effects
The first allows the Assamite to manipulate the blood in her
own body, and receive impressions of a mortal victim's life
Essentially, the Assamite can communicate with the blood in
her body, The second effect allows the Assamite toawaken the
blood within another Cainite. This power is used to unbalance
the intended Cainite with false images and feelings.

System: For a vampire to awaken the mortal blood in her
own body, the player must roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty
7). The number of successes determines the clarity of the sensa-
tions. The "echo" within the mortal's blood gives the Assamite
impressions of things the mortal knew. The images may warn of
danger in a certain area, or show visions of the mortal's death
Essentially, anything the mortal knew or felt presents itself to the
vampire. The Cainite has no control over the visions and may not
be able to understand them clearly. Skilled Assamites, however,
can sort through distractions and read messages written in blood

Awakening blood in another vampire uses the same
system, but has a slightly different effect. Unless the vampire
has experienced this Discipline before, the awakening might
confuse and disorient her. As mortal memories manifest, the
vampire may lose track of reality. A successful Intelligence +
Alertness (difficulty 7) is required to avoid becoming con
fused. If the victim receives more successes than the Assamite
achieves, she can discern reality from the sanguine memories

|

swimming through her dead veins.

SERPENTIS

¢ * OPHIDIAN INFESTATION

The Setite with this horrifying power injects a victim
with her blood. The Cainite must cut herself and touch the
target to apply the power, The blood later transforms into:
multitude of snakes. These blood-asps quickly grow to full size,
rending the victim apart from the inside. The transformation
of the blood can be triggered at any time. However, the blood
loses its potency after three nights if not activated.

System: The character must touch the target (a normal
Dexterity + Brawl roll is needed in combat), and the player
spends as many Blood Points as he desires (up to the maximum
permitted by the character's generation) and makesa Manipu-
lation + Occult roll (difficulty 6). If this roll is successful, each
Blood Point later transforms into a dozen or so asps which
effectively do one Health Level of damage. Stamina may not
beused to-sonk this damnage;-only Fortitude can hope to save
the victimas the snakes tear apart his unprotected innardsand
thrust their way out his body.

Needless tosay; this is hideousto lock upon

's Curse

This power enables the Setite to twist a victim's physical

eevee oe Si:

form into that of a gigantic python. The rarget's mass remains,

the same, but her body and mind transform into a snake that

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINE:


is ready to do the Cainite's bidding. Rumor has it that
countless mortals and even some vampires have been afflicted
with this curse and remain forever changed, as protectors of
Setite havens.

System: The Setite must touch the victim (a Dexterity +
Brawl roll is necessary in combat situations, with a base
difficulty of 4). The player spends two Willpower and three
Blood Points, then rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty of
the target's Stamina + Self-Control/Instinct). Successes de-
termine how long the subject isa python. The transformation
to and from a snake takes three tums.

One scene
One week
One month

Six months

1 success

2 successes

3 successes

4 successes

5 successes

While in this form, the victim's mind is truly that of a
snake — the target has an Intelligence of | for the duration of
the effect. The python can still comprehend her native
language, and endeavors to carry out the Setite's simple verbal
commands, Obviously, the subject cannot speak, use any
tools, grasp objects or utilize any Disciplines while trans

One year

formed. She does, however, have the ability to grab and crush
opponents by wrapping her massive coils around them. The
python makes a standard attack roll; one success gives her a
minor hold on her opponent for Strength dami
more successes puts the opponent fully in the python's grasp.
Flexing powerful snake muscles inflicts Strength + 3 damay

. Two or

and an opponent so entwined must make a contested Strength
+ Survival roll (difficulty 6) against the python to break free

When the subject returns to her mortal form, a Wits +
Empathy roll is necessary (difficulty 6) to reclaim her human
mind as well. If this roll fails, the victim suffers a permanent
Derangement: fear of snakes. If this roll is botched, the victim
retains a snake's mind.

eeeee eee FPED'S SEMBLANCE

The Followers of Set developed this power to defend
against the affronts of mortals and undead alike. The Setites
claim that this power channels Set's own spirit, transforming
them into a blend of human and snake. When a Cainite
activates this power, his legs fuse together and grow into a tail
that stretches over 10 feet in length. His torso and arms lose
their rigidity, becoming much more limber. His fingers sprout
webs. The vampire's neck thickens and stretches, gaining
flexibility like his tail. His face extends out into a serpentine
muzzle. His teeth grow grotesquely long. A mottled hide
covers his body.

System: The player spends three Blood Points and the
vampire assumes this shape, which takes three turns to de-
velop (spending additional Blood Points reduces the time of
transformation by one turn per point spent). A vampire
wearing Apep's Semblance is gifted with more than a disturb

DARK AGES COMPANION

ing shape. The large, sinuous form can squeeze through open-
ings less than a foot in diameter, and it can swim twice as fast
as the most accomplished human swimmer. The difficulties of
Perception rolls based on smell are reduced by two due to the
Cainite's acutely sensitive tongue; this tongue may also be
used like The Tongue of the Asp. Furthermore, Strength and
Stamina increase by two, and Dexterity by three, but Appear-
ance drops to 0 (the vampire's Charisma and Manipulation
remain the same due to the snake's hypnotic movement). The
tail can strike for Strength + 1 damage and may grapple an
opponent tosqueeze the life out of him (treat thisasa grappling
combat maneuver, per Vampire: The Dark Ages p. 195),
while the Setite's bite inflicts Strength + 2 aggravated damage.
Finally, the vampire's tough skin adds one die to soak rolls
(including those against fire and sunlight). The Setite retains
this form until he wishes to change back, although the man-
snake form costs twice the standard nightly blood expenditure
to maintain. For example, a Setite maintaining Apep's Sem-
blance would expend wo Blood Points each night upon
waking, instead of one.

THAUMATURGICAL PATHS

The following Thaumaturgical Paths use the system de-
scribed in Vampire: The Dark Ages: A Blood Point must be
spent and a Willpower roll must be made (difficulty equals the
power's level + 3), A failure indicates that the blood magic
does not work. A botch indicates that the character loses a
permanent Willpower point

THAUMATURGICAL ALCHEMY

Thaumaturgists who practice this Path can transmute
solid iron into a puddle of slag, or petrify wood with a thought.
Thaumaturgical Alchemy ignores the laws of chemistry, forc-
ing a change in state regardless of temperature.

System: The player spends a Blood Point and makes a
Willpower roll (difficulty equals the power's level + 3). Effects
vary depending on the level of the power, but the number of
successes determines the number of turns the effect lasts. The
vampire can increase the duration of the effect by spending
more Blood Points —each additional Blood Point extends the
power's effectiveness by one turn.

* Fortiry THE SOLID FoRM

Acthis level, the vampire strengthens the physical struc-
ture of solid items. Doors become unbreakable, shields deflect
the mightiest blows, and arrows pierce the hardest breast-
plates. Seemingly fragile items can become deadly weapons in
the presence of an alchemist. The alchemist can even make
wooden stakes that are as hard as stone.

System: For each success rolled, an object used for defense
can resist an additional Health Level. For offensive weaponry,
every two successes (round down) increases the weapon's
damage potential by one die. Note that this means two suc-
cesses are required to gain any bonus damage dice


ee CRYSTALLIZE LiQuip

Tremere designed this ability to hinder other Cainites
from imbibing vitae. Although the effect cannot alter the
tissue within vampires or mortals, it can solidify blood as it
exits a body. The effect can also freeze water instantly and
even turn molten lead to solid metal. The temperature of the
liquid is irrelevant — boiling oil or cold water solidifies at the
behest of the vampire.

System: Each success changes one Blood Point's worth of
liquid (about two pints) into a solid. The temperature of the
substance does not change. When the solid reverts to its
natural liquid state, it behaves normally. Vampires cannot
consume solidified blood

LiQUEFY THE SOLID FORM

At this level of ability, the alchemist can dissolve solid
objects nto liquids. Metal, wood or stone decays at the Cainite's
behest. Swords dissolve in mid-swingand shields ooze into pulp.

System: The number of successes determines the amount
of material transmuted into liquid. For each success the player
rolls, three pounds of material is changed

1 success Acoin
An arrow
A knife

A sword

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

When the liquid reforms, it solidifies into whatever shape
it has taken. Even a finely crafted sword reforms into a useless
blob of steel. An object is either changed utterly or not at all;
there are no "partial" transformations.

eevee ETHEREAL STONE

The vampire can transform the very air intoa solid prison.
Air condenses to form a solid block of ice around the vampire's
enemy. Crafty Tremere have used this ability to suffocate
mortals by turning the air in their lungs to ice.

System: For each success the player receives, one cubic
foot of air solidifies. The prison is inescapable until the effect
wears off.

‘Vaporous TRANSFORMATION

Walls and other obstacles no longer hinder the vampire
She can turn stone, metal or any other solid into vapor. Walls
vanish and swords disappear into thin air.

Recoagulating solids are dangerous to those in their
vicinity. Slags of metal or stone that suddenly re-form can
crush mortals.

System: Each success transmutes three pounds of solid
matter into vapor. When the effect expires, the solid material
re-forms at the spot where air currents have moved it. A
Dexterity + Dodge roll (difficulty 6) must be made for each
character in the vicinity; failure indicates that a character

automatically suffers one Health Level of damage. A botch


indicates that the character receives one Health Level of
aggravated damage from entrapment in the now-solid mate-
rial. Note that it may prove impossible to separate a trapped
individual without using this power again,

Way OF THE LEVINBOLT

This power allows the vampire to create and control the
power of lightning. In the Dark Medieval world, only the
Tremere control the ability to create raw electrical energy.
The kine have yet to discover its potential.

System: The number of successes on the Willpower roll
determines the length of time it takes the vampire to generate
the desired electrical energy. One success indicates that a full
minute is required to gather and shape it. Three successes
indicate that the preparation takes two turns. Five successes
indicate that the magic works instantly. The Storyteller
should reduce the number of successes needed for an instant
effect in particularly dry regions or during electrical storms.

To attack, the vampire must make contact with the
target. This can be achieved through touch or a conducting
medium such as water or metal. The Tremere cannot hurl
electrical energies through the air, but can route them along
surfaces, such asasword or the target's armor. Such power may
also cause fires in flammable substances and cause combus-

tiblestoexplode. Damage from electricity isconsidered normal

© SPARK

The vampire can create a small electrical discharge. She
can shock a horse into motion or stun asmall child. (Two dice
of damage.)

© ILLUMINATE

The Tremere can illuminateasmall room by covering her
arm in an electrical nimbus. The effect can also render a
mortal unconscious. (Four dice of damage.)

eee Bopy OF LIGHT

At this level the vampire manipulates potent amounts of
electrical power. Her entire body can be sheathed in sparks. The
effectsof this power can kill a mortal or stun a vampire. (Six dice
of damage.)

Juprrer's ArGis
The force surrounding the Cainite can destroy even the
hardiest of vampires. (Eight dice of damage.)

eeeee LIGHTNING DANCE

‘The vampire is engulfed in a blinding aura (all who look
directly at the vampire suffer - 1 to Dice Pools and cannot
employ Dominate against her). The Tremere very neatly
transforms into a living lightning bolt. (Ten dice of damage.)

ore wo Ian Th
PREY ON THE SouL's FEAR
Mortals fear the shadows that cross their paths. They
tread softly through the night hoping not to wake the demons

DARK AGES COMPANION

that surround them. The Tremere take full advantage of this
superstition tosend peasants scurrying to their churches when-
ever it suits the vampires' needs. Vampires can be as irrational
as the human stock from which they hail, though, This power
affects Cainites as well as mortals.

By the 18th century, this Path falls into ill-repute and is
absorbed by the Dark Thaumaturgy of the Sabbat as the Path
of Phobos.

System: The powers of this Path take place immediately
upon their use. The Thaumaturgist must actually see her
subject to effect any of these powers

© STARTLE THE Superstitious MIND
By subtly manipulatingher subject, the Tremere may create
such fear that a mortal or vampire is rooted to the spot where she
stands, The victim quakes in her boots, unable to act or flee.
System: The number of successes indicates the number of
dice removed from the victim's Dice Pool, If the vietim's pool

reaches zero, she cannot take any action whatsoever.

e+ Rour THE CHARGING Hordes

Tremere with this ability have caused units of cavalry to
turn tail at the very sight of the vampire. This ability causes all
those in the vicinity to instinctively flee from the vampire's
dreadful gaze

System: Success indicates the number of people affected
by this power. Individuals may resist by rolling their Courage
(difficulty of the vampire's Willpower). Each target who
overcomes the number of successes acquired by the Cainite
may act normally. Successes on individual rolls do not detract
from the Tremere's overall success. Those that fail the Cour-
age roll flee until the vampire is no longer visible.
One person
Two people
Five people
Seven people
10 people

eee WRATH OF GOD

The power of God is not questioned by humanity. Tremere
draw upon this fear and squash the spirit of the peasants who
work their lands. The irrational fear of damnation also affects
Cainites. The victim of this blood magic witnesses her particu-

version of Hell.

System: The number of successes indicates the impact
that fear of eternal damnation has on the target; the number
of successes equals the number of turns the target is incapaci-
tated with dread. In order to take any action during this time
— besides supplicating oneself, praying for forgiveness or
fleeing in terror — the victim must successfully roll Courage
(difficulty 7). She must exceed the number of successes 4
quired by the Tremere in order to take any action.

1 success

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes
5 successes

I success One turn

2 successes Five minutes


3 successes One scene
4 successes

5 successes

eeee THE INNER DEMON

The vampire perceives the victim's deepest secrets and
may confront the target with his darkest fears. The vampire
has no idea what the victim sees, but the effect is obvious when
the target loses touch with reality. The target's deepest dread
consumes him, and is more tangible to him than reality.

System: The number of successes indicates how deep the
vampire plumbs into her target's psyche. The more ingrained the
fear, the more traumatic and lasting the effect. With one success
the victim faces her most urbane fear, but is not incapacitated for
more than a round or two. With five successes the victim might
lose her grip on sanity as her worst nightmares overwhelm her.
‘The object or circumstance is real for the victim, with detail and
complexity determined by the number of successes.

eoeee DEMONIC HORDE

The Tremere who has mastered this level of power can
create horrific imagesand implant them in her victims' minds.
Victims flee from winged demons or cower before the face of

death itself, Powerful Tremere can incapacitate entire armies
Tremere also use this ability to cow mortal servants and to

Several hours
One night

keep the masses in line.
System: The number of successes determines the number
of people affected, and the intensity of their visions. Victims
who do not wish to flee from the vampire's mental assault must
make Courage rolls (difficulty 8) and must make more suc-
cesses than did the Treme:
{Succes  ‘Twoprople
2 Successes Five people
10 people

Victims cannot advance
Victims cower and flee
3 Successes

Victims freeze with
panic
Victims fall unconscious

15 people
20 people

4 Successes
Victims must roll
Courage (difficulty 8) or
lose a permanent Will-
power point each

PATH OF WARDING

Tremere who study this Path dedicate themselves to
defending the holdings of the clan. They can practically hold
off entire armies. They are also capable of exposing infiltrators
befote they breach the clan's havens and hiding places.

System: The Cainite paints a Blood Point's worth of vitae
in the form of a sigil on the target. The glyph functions until
it expires or the object is destroyed. Contact with sunlight or
fire automatically destroys the ward.

* Bar THE COMMON PASSHGE

The vampire paints her ward on a door or other portal

5 Successes

The affected doorway is imbued with sufficient magical forti

fication to hold back the ferocious strength ofawerewolfor the
head of a battering ram. If something breaks the ward, the
vampire is alerted subconsciously.

System: Ifthe total Strength applied to the portal equals double
the warding successes, the door opens (or is shattered) normally. If
the warded portal opens, the Cainite receives a mental alarm.

¢¢ GLYPH OF SCRYING

By focusing her will, the vampire can view the immediate
vicinity of a particular ward. Paranoid Tremere princes can
monitor their entire cities through these glyphs. Portable objects
can be imbued with these wards to function like remote senses.

System: The number of successes rolled indicates the num-
ber of days that the ward functions. The ward can be destroyed as
usual, but always fades after the time limit expires. A clever
‘Thaumaturgist hides. glyph from sunlight butstill makes it useful

The vampire can establish a telepathic connection with any
one of her wards instantly, but never with more than one at a
time. She can move about as normal while focusing on a ward,
but all difficulties increase by two. Once in contact with a
particular ward, the Cainite can see and hear everything in the
surrounding area as if she were actually there. When she focuses
ona ward, the blood invthe glyph gleams as if it were liquid again

eee RUNES OF POWER

Manyeldets place these wardson ancient tomesf magic
Unwary neonates or intruders receive a nasty surprise when
they make contact with these runes.

System: The number of successes indicates the number of
aggravated wounds the victim suffers upon contact with the
warded object (though the subject may soak if she has Fortitude).
The caster is the only person whois immune tothe effect. The rune
remains potent until exposed to sunlight or the object is destroyed.

GiyPH OF ENLIGHTENMENT

The vampire who paints these glyphs can use them as
Glyphs of Scrying, above, and can communicate through
them, Tremere with this ability can even use it to attack
distant opponents.

System: The number of successes achieved on a Will-
power roll (difficulty 7) determines the number of days the
effect lasts. By focusing on the ward, the Cainite can see and
hear everything around it. She can also speak through the
glyph. The vampire can choose to "transmit" another
Thaumaturgical power through the glyph, as long as the
power's requirements can be met (physical contact with the
target of the power is not required, for example). Each such use
of another power reduces the rune's effectiveness by one day.

eevee SECURE THE SACRED DOMAIN

This potent ability can be used to seal off an entire castle.
One glyph, paintedatthe exact center ofacastle or tower, secures
all windows, portcullises, doors and other portals from all entry
or exit. A single Tremere can hold offan entire army — for one
night — in this way


hee

System: A Willpower roll (difficulty 8) determines suc
cess or failure. The vampire must paint the ward at the exact
center of the building. Failure indicates a wasted effort. Ifthe
vampire succeeds, no doors, windows or portals will open,
though they can be destroyed. Likewise, existing breaches in
walls may not be passed, although new ones may be opened
and entered. The effects of this power last until the following
dawn.

VICISSITUDE

eeeee © CORRUPT CONSTRUCTION

The fleshcrafter can graft the remains of the dead to a
living creature, creatinga hideous guardian. The vampire may
use as many dead subjects in a creation as she deems necessary,

but at least one subject must still breathe.

The final monstrosity possesses the fractured intellect of
the living beast, but has the claws, wings, eyes and teeth of
whatever the vampire has spliced together. The process often
drives the living host insane. Furthermore, the victim endures
the decay of its body parts. The poor creature eventually dies
from disease or shock

System: The vampire can create anything she desires, of
any mass, size or function, provided she has enough parts. The
player rolls Intelligence + Body Crafts (difficulty 7). Depend-

DARK HGES COMPANION

ing on the quantity and quality of "raw material" available, the
Tzimisce may create anything from asimple ghoul toa rampag-
ing vozhd (see the Book of Storyteller Secrets). The number
of successes determines how successful the process is and how
long the creation "lives."

Isuccess One hour
2 successes One day
3 successes One week
4 successes. One month

One year

eoeee o¢ LQUEFY THE Mortat Colt.

Victims of this gruesome power are betrayed by their own
bodies, as the Tzimisce transforms his opponents' flesh and
bone into pools of blood. Vampires under the influence of this
ability retain their sentience, but may lose their sanity. If the
poweraffectsa mortal, the subject dies. The blood can nourish
a vampire or be used to create ghouls or establish Blood Oaths
(the latter two uses function only if the liquefied victim was a
vampire). Vampires who imbibe all the vitae of a transmuted
Cainite are assumed to have diablerized the victim.

5 successes

System: To transform another creature, the vampire must
touch her target; flesh-to-flesh contact is mandatory. The player
spends a Willpower point and rolls Stamina + Body Crafts


(difficulty 8). Each success tums a portion of the victim's body
into a Blood Point's worth of vitae. The target can negate the
Tzimisce's successes by rolling Stamina (difficulty 6). Each suc-
cess on the Stamina roll reduces the Tzimisce's successes by one.

The torso and each leg is worth two Blood Points, while the
head, abdomen and armsare each worth one. Ifan entire portion
of the target's body undergoes the transformation, that body part
tums into a pool of blood and is useless (assuming the subject
survives). Attacks to the head, abdomen or torso kill mortals
outright. Vampires survive such attacks, however, even if their
heads separate from their torsos. Vampires can re-form lost body
parts by expendinga Blood Point for each one that is transmuted
(one for the head, two for a leg, for example).

Vampires transformed entirely into blood retain con-
sciousness. Barring skill in Body Craft or Vicissitude, however,
they retain no powers of locomotion or any other abilities. A
vampire in this form cannot be staked, cut, bludgeoned or
pierced, though fire and sunlight have the usual effect.

eee SCULPTURE OF THE MIND

Acthis level the vampire is capable of altering flesh from
adistance. Physical contact is the tool ofa lesser artist; the true
art comes from the Tzimisce's mind, not her hands.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Willpower (difficulty equal to the target's Willpower). The num-
her of successes indicates the number of dice the vampire may use
on her chosen Vicissitude roll. For example, Ignatius wishes to
mold her long-time rival, Claudius, intoa quivering pool of blood.
Willpower (seven dice) is rolled against a difficulty of Claudius'
Willpower (8); she receives two successes. She may use only two
dice ofher Stamina + Body Crafts pool in order toattack Claudius.
She may do so at range, however, which will probably save her
from a sound thrashing at the hands of the angered Ventrue.

The difficulties of accompanying Body Crafts rolls are
unaffected by the use of this power.

New Discte.ines

The following Disciplines are rare in the Dark Medieval
world, as they belong to infrequently seen clans and blood-
lines. Nonetheless, they do exist, and rumors of their effects
travel like plague through a rat-infested city.

FABOMBWE

The Beast, for Laibon, is not so fearful as it is for European
vampires. Laibon are less burdened by knowledge of sin and its
accompanying guilt, and thus are more receptive to the urges
of their Beasts. European vampires might well learn from the
Sphinxes; Laibon demonstrate admirable control over their
Beasts — a control that is learned through hard experience
and communion in the wastes.

The Abombwe Discipline is unique to its bloodline. It
gives the vampire direct control over the Beast Within — his
own and others'.

It is rumored that the mysterious Cathayan vampires of the
Far East have similar powers of control over their Beasts (for more

information, see Kindred of the East). Whether this has been
learned from the Laibon or is merely coincidental is unknown,

* Prepator's COMMUNION

The Laibon can commune with her Beast. With this level
of Abombwe, she is able to utilize the Beast's mystical senses,
keeping it on a psychic "leash" and enabling it to act as a
bloodhound of sorts.

System: The player must spend a Blood Point (actually two,
because of the clan weakness). Thereafter, the Laibon may
mystically sense other Beasts in the vicinity (other vampires,
Changing Breeds with Rage, wraiths and Spectres, predatory
animals, and humans with Via scores of 3 ot less). Successful
detection manifests as smell; the Laibon may "sniff out" the Beast
with a Perception + Survival roll (difficulty 6; can be higher ot
lower if the Beast is particularly strong or weak).

The power remains active for a scene.

¢* TAMING THE BEAST

The Laibon may enter into a pact with his Beast. If
properly supplicated, the Beast lends its strength to the Laibon
for a brief period of time. This is a very dangerous activity, as
the Beast often uses the opportunity to manifest in the Laibon

System: The Laibon must spend a full turn in concentra-
tion. The player rolls Willpower (difficulty 8). Each success
grants one extra die on a subsequent physical action (one
punch, one leap, etc.) — but the Laibon must immediately
check for frenzy thereafter.

WHISTLING UP THE BEAST

The Laibon learns the "songs" that cajole and frighten the
Beast Within.

System: The Laibon whistles for a full turn, and a Ma-
nipulation + Music roll (difficulty 7) is made. If the roll
succeeds, the target must make a Courage roll (difficulty 7;
victim must equal or beat the Laibon's successes). Even if the
victim's roll succeeds, she is uneasy (one-die penalty toall Dice
Pools against the Laibon; difficulty of frenzy and Rétschreck
tolls is reduced by one). If the victim's roll fails, she must
retreat from the Laibon for the duration of the scene — not
necessarily mindless flight, but the wary retreat of an animal
that realizes it has met a superior foe.

Alternatively, the Laibon may "whistle up" her own
Beast; a successful roll immediately sends the Laibon into
frenzy (thus negating wound penalties).

eee DEVIL-CHANNEL
The Laibon may channel his Beast through his body.

Depending on which part of his body the Laibon chooses to
"invest" with the Beast, a variety of powers are gained.

System: The player must spend two Blood Points (actu-
ally three, due to the clan weakness). All difficulties to avoid
frenzy are increased by one because the Beast isso close to the

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINES


surface. The Beast actually manifests asa film of black, clotted
blood that cakes the affected body part. Only one power may
be "turned on" at a time.

Various powers demonstrated by Laibon include:

Hands: The Laibon may inflict aggravated damage with
punches. The power lasts for the scene.

Body: All blood expenditure to increase Physical At-
tributes (not heal) is considered doubly efficient. The power
lasts for the scene.

Throat: The Laibon may roar. Humans flee unless they
succeed on Courage rolls (difficulty 9). Supernaturals must
make successful Courage rolls (difficulty 8) or become weak
with terror (all Dice Pools reduced by half, rounded up). This
effect lasts for a scene.

Feet: Aggravated damage may be inflicted with kicks.
This power lasts for the scene.

The Laibon may also stamp, paining the earth-spirits
with his tread. The spirits react with a violent shock wave that
affects all within 100 feet of the Laibon. Those in the vicinity
(including the Laibon) must make Dexterity + Athletics rolls
to remain standing (difficulty 5 for the Laibon, 6 ifexpecting
it, 8 if the shock wave is a surprise). The tremors continue for
as long as the Laibon "dances."

Some Laibon speak in guarded tones of elder members of
the bloodline, who use variants of this power to create even
more terrifying effects.

eeoee TAKING THE SKIN

By slaying a creature and drenching herself in its blood,
the Laibon can enshroud herself in the creature's Beast. This
allows the Laibon to transform herself into the slain creature.

System: The Laibon must anointherselfwith the creature's
blood and then successfully invite the spirit of the creature
into herself (Charisma + Occult, difficulty 7). Ifsuccessful, the
player makes a frenzy check. The creature in question must
have at least one Blood Point's worth of vitae (i.e., must be as
large as a bat or large bird) and must be a predatory or
omnivorous animal (no elephants or rhinos). The blood must
be fresh. The Laibon gains all physical traits of the creature (so
a Laibon transformed into a vulture can fly, and a vampire
transformed into a leopard has claws and increased speed).
Humans and supernatural creatures may be duplicated in this
fashion, though such changes are limited to appearances (no
Disciplines, Numina or Rage may be gained from such trans-
formations). The transformation lasts until sunrise or until the
Laibon "sheds" the skin taken.

eee © PREDATOR'S MASTERY

The Laibon may confront any other creature that pos-
sesses a Beast (for a basic list, see "Predator's Communion,"
above). She may attempt to use her Beast to dominate the
opponent's and, if successful, the "subdued" Beast must obey
the "dominant" Laibon.

DARK AGES COMPANION

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Courage (diffi-
culty 5 if the victim is less powerful than the Laibon, 6 if of
equal power, 8 if of greater power. Animals are typically less
powerful, though there are exceptions). If the roll succeeds,
the creature grudgingly obeys the Laibon. This is not a willing
vassalage, but the servitude of an animal cowed into submis-
sion. The dominated creature bears no love for the Laibon, but
is too fearful to act directly against her. The forcible servitude
lasts until the Laibon relaxes her vigilance. A botch sends the
Laibon into Rétschreck.

OGHAM

The Ogham Discipline is unique to the Lhiannan, though
there are rumors of similar script-based magics that ate practiced
elsewhere. Ogham allows its practitioner, through attunement
to her blood and knowledge of the ancient names of things, to
inscribe runic glyphs and thereby evoke various effects.

* CONSECRATE THE GROVE

By bleeding widdershins (ina spiral pattern) onto an area
of vegetation, the Lhiannan awakens the spirits of the imme-
diate area, rousing them to her defense.

System: The Lhiannan opens a vein and bleeds one to
three Blood Points of vitae onto the earth. One Blood Point
affects a 10-foot-diameter area; each further point doubles the
radius (it is 40 feet with three points). This process takes one
tun per Blood Point spent.

After the circle of blood has been drawn, the player must
roll Charisma + Survival (difficulty 6). Success enables the
Lhiannan to awaken the plant- and soil-spirits of the area to
attack those whom she designates: Tussocks blast outward like
earthen geysers, roots reach upward to trip foes, and branches
whip at enemies. Victims in the area subtract two from all Dice
Pools and must make successful Stamina + Dodge rolls (diffi-
culty 6) each turn or suffer three dice of normal damage.

The power lasts for a scene. A botch angers the spirits,
turning them against the Lhiannan.

¢* CRIMSON WOAD

The vampire may summon spirits of blood and battle into
her body by inscribing mystical characters on herself.

System: The Lhiannan must spend a scene inscribing her
body with runes. The player rolls Intelligence + Occult (diffi-
culty 7). For each success, the Lhiannan may ignore one point
of wound penalties due to pain, and may subtract one from the
difficulties of rolls to avoid Rétschreck and frenzy. Addition-
ally, the Lhiannan may, once per scene, make a "wrathful
strike": a brawling or melee attack. If this attack succeeds, the
number of successes on the inscription roll is added to the
damage Dice Pool of the attack.

The glyphs maintain their power for the duration of one
combat, or until the vampire takes four or more Health Levels
of damage (at which point the glyphs are obscured),


eee INSCRIBE THE CURSE

By writing a foe's name on his own body, the Lhiannan
gains great power over that foe.

System: The Lhiannan must know the foe's true name. The
playerspends three Blood Points for the vampire to inscribea runic
version of that name on his body; this name must be displayed on
a spot that is visible to the foe. The opponent must roll Wits +
Occult (difficulty 8) or be affected by this magic. The effect is
chosen by the Lhiannan and may include any one of several curses

Body: The Lhiannan renders the foe impotent (or, if a
vampire, unable to use Blood Points)

Mind: The Lhiannan causes the foe to be addled or
confused. Whenever attempting to invoke a Knowledge,
magical power, Discipline or other product of concentration,
the foe must spend a Willpower point

Voice: The Lhiannan renders the foe mute.

Soul: The Lhiannan renders the foe intensely susceptible
to frenzy; all difficulties to avoid frenzy increase by two

The effect begins when the foe sees his name, and lasts
until the glyph is erased (or the Lhiannan takes four or more
Health Levels of damage). Note that unless he is familiar with
the Lhiannan's runic writ may not recognize his
name as it is written on the Lhiannan's body

eeee MOON AND SUN

The Lhiannan may use her blood to inscribe the ancient
symbols of moon orsun on her forehead or that of asubject. In

Ui

doingso, the Lhiannan channels the power of a celestial spirit,
creating a form of talisman

System: The Lhiannan must spend 15 minutes inscribing
asymbol. The playerspends three Blood Points. Ifthe Lhiannan
inscribes the moon sigil, the effect depends on the current
phase of the moon:

New Moon: add one die to Stealth rolls

Crescent Moon: add one die to Wits rolls

Half Moon: add one die to Perception rolls

Gibbous Moon: add one die to social rolls

Full Moon: add one die to damage rolls

Whenever the Lhiannan inscribes the moon sigil, regard
less of lunar phase, the subject's difficulty to avoid frenzy
increases by one. Additionally, any werewolf who sees the
subject bearing such a glyph is enraged (if the presence of a
vampire isn't enough to anger him)

If the Lhiannan inscribes the sun symbol on herself or
another vampire, the subject may make a Stamina roll (diffi
culty 8) whenever damage from fire or sunlight is taken; for
each success, one level of aggravated damage is considered

normal damage instead

* DRAGON LINES
The Lhiannan may inscribe powerful runes to invoke the
of ley lines — the "dragon tracks" of pagan lore — and

thereby channel mystic energy though her body


System: The Lhiannan must be in an area where mystic "ley
lines" of power lie close to the surface (Storyteller's discretion,
though werewolf caerns or mage Nodes are almost certain to be
repositories of mystic energy). Caerns, mage Nodes, haunts,
changeling freeholds and the like are generally rated from 1 to 5,
with 1 being the weakest and 5 being the most powerful. The
Lhiannan must spend a scene (and the player must spend five
Blood Points) inscribing glyphs on the site.

For each success ona Perception + Occult roll (difficulty
7), the Lhiannan may convert one level of the mystic site into
two dice which may be added to any Dice Pool the vampire
chooses to use ina single turn (so long as the vampire remains
indirect contact with the site). This mystic energy is siphoned
from the site each turn. A site has a repository of mystic energy
equal to 10 times its level. When that many dice have been
channeled, the site is irrevocably drained (the area turns
barren and wasted, grass dies, trees wither and soil turns to
ash). Partial draining reduces the level of the mystic site
proportionately. Dice gained are not cumulative over the
turns that siphoning occurs.

Example: A Lhiannan stands on a powerful werewolf
caern (Level Five). She inscribes the Dragon Line glyphs and
gets three successes, enabling her to channel energy from the
site. The caern could provide as many as 10 dice of mystic
energy inva single turn, but because the vampire received only
three successes, she may siphon only six dice per turn. If they
are not used in the turn that they are gained, the extra dice are
lost, and can only be replenished in a subsequent turn spent

siphoning. Once 50 dice have been drained from the caern,
the site is destroyed.

Additionally, some sites dedicated to specific deities or
purviews (War, Death, Love) provide the vampire with appro-
priate powers; the Storyteller adjudicates all such "bonus"

powers.

eeeee © INSCRIBE THE FORGOTTEN NAMES

Ac this level, the Lhiannan knows the names of some of
the dread beasts that walked the Earth in ancient nights, and
may summon them to her.

System: The Lhiannan inscribes the appropriate name.
The player spends three Blood Points and rolls Intelligence +
Occult (difficulty 9). On a successful roll, a mythic beast
appears before the summoner within a scene. The beast is
probably unique and quite powerful (use stats comparable to
those of major demons or vozhd war ghouls). The Lhiannan
has no direct control over the beast and must appease it
(sacrifices of children work well in this regard).

DeEnMos

The Lamia share the Cappadocians' obsession with the
world beyond, though they express it in a different fashion
than do their more scholarly counterparts. The Deimos Disci-
pline represents the Lamia's devotion tothanatology through
the auspices of the Dark Mother Lilith.

DARK AGES COMPANION

* WHISPERS TO THE SOUL

The Lamia may whisper one of Lilith's secret names ina
victim's ear. Nightmares plague the victim, and fearful thoughts
of doom torment her waking hours.

System: The Lamia must whisper the name (it may affect
only one foe at a time). The victim must then roll Willpower
(difficulty 8) or suffer hideous visions and nightmares for one
day and night per point of the Lamia's Perception. The victim
loses one die from all Dice Pools during the period of effect.

** Kiss OF THE DARK MOTHER

The Lamia, through her studies of death, is able to evoke
an entropic, life-draining force. She may transmit this through
a bite, slaying foes with remarkable swiftness.

System: The Lamia expectorates a Blood Point and coats
her lips with blood, turning her bite into an even deadlier
weapon. Creatures bitten take twice the normal amount of
damage, which is aggravated.

eee ICHOR

Lamia routinely use cadavers as objects of study and
veneration. In the process, they have gained knowledge con-
cerning the corpselike body of the Cainite. The Lamia who has
reached this level of Deimos may transubstantiate one of her
four bodily humors into a vile substance.

System: With the expenditure of two Blood Points, the
Lamia may secrete a tainted version of one of her four bodily
humors: a phlegmatic, melancholy, bilious or sanguine ichor.
This ichor may be placed in an unsuspecting mortal's beverage,
or simply used as a contact agent. (Skin contact is all that is
needed; the substance need not enter the bloodstream to take
effect.) The victim must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) or be
affected by the ichor. Only one type of ichor may be secreted per
scene, and the Blood Points spent provide only one dose.

The types of ichor are:

Phlegmatic: induces lethargy; victim's Dice Pools re-
duced by two for the rest of the scene

Melancholy: induces visions of death; victim is unable to
use Willpower for the rest of the scene

Sanguine: induces excessive bleeding; any cut, slash or
puncture wound suppurates, causing the victim to lose an
additional Health Level next turn

Bilious: deadly toxin; the victim takes a number of levels
of normal damage equal to the vampire's Stamina; this damage

can be soaked.

eee CLUTCHING THE SHROUD

The Lamia, through forbidden study of cadavers, gains an
understanding of his own corpselike state. By imbibing blood
from a cold corpse, the Lamia may mystically transubstantiate
his own humors, thereby gaining powers related to death

System: The Lamia must drink at least five Blood Points'
worth of vitae from acold corpse, and must expend those Blood
Points during the act of invoking the power. The player may


add twodice toall soak rollsand may completely ignore wound
penalties for the duration of the scene. The Lamia may peer
into the Shadowlands with a Perception + Occult roll (diffi-
culty varies — 6 in a haunted site, 8 normally, up to 10 in a
sanctified area). Finally, the vampire gains the ability to sense
the relative health of beings she scrutinizes (whether they are
wounded or diseased, and how badly; whether they suffer from
mystic ailments, etc.).

eevee BLACK BREATH

The Lamia may breathe the Lethean fetor of the grave on
her victims. Victims engulfed in this black mist are over-
whelmed by hopelessness and depression.

System: The player spends two Willpower points and
rolls Stamina + Archery (difficulty 7). The breath can be
dodged. Mortals (including Lupines and mages) caught in the
Black Breath are instantly overcome with a powerful death-
urge; unless they score more successes on a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) than the Lamia received on the attack roll, they
immediately commit suicide by the most expedient means
available. Even if the Willpower roll succeeds, the victim
about death; for the remainder of the scene, all
Dice Pools are reduced by two.

thapsodiz

Vampiresare affected differently by the Black Breath. An
engulfed vampire makes a Willpower roll as above, but if the
vampire fails, he sinks into torpor fora length of time depen-
dent on his Via rating, just as if he had been forced into torpor
Vampires are likewise consumed by morbidity if they succeed;
they suffer a Dice Pool reduction of two as well.

© LILITH's SUMMONS

The Lamia's blood may be smelled in the world of the
dead. By spitting blood on a target, the Lamia can "mark" that
target, causing Spectres (malevolent wraiths) to home in on
the target. The Lamia can also"use the blood in a more
ritualistic manner, to summon Spectres, though this power
offers no control over the Spectres called.

System: The player spends three Blood Points and the
Lamia spits on the target (Dexterity + Archery, difficulty 7).
The blood may be washed off, but the mystic taint remains for
the duration of the scene. The Spectres arrive within the
scene. Statistics for Spectres may be found in Dark Reflec-
tions: Spectres or Wraith: The Oblivion Second Edition.
Storytellers without these books should use the Gaunt statis-
tics in Chapter Nine of Vampire: The Dark Ages.

VALEREN

This Discipline was first manifested by Saulot, who re-
fined the raw power of healing gifts. The secondary uses of this
Discipline are lost for the most part to vampires in the 20th
century, who would recognize the Discipline as Obeah. Some

Salubri learned the secondary uses of this Discipline for

martial and darker purposes, and the Tremere may have
encountered these powers when they went after their first

victim. The Discipline is almost never taught to outsiders as it
makes rigorous demands of its users, and the Salubri wish to
preserve their usefulness.

The third eye appears about the time the Salubri masters
the second level of Valeren. The eye opens when she uses any
power above second level. Even the Salubri are uncertain why
this is. The most common theory purports that the third eye
grants "sight-beyond-sight," literally examining the tenuous
threads of life and death. What the Salubri actually see is a
secret.

A Salubri must decide which path (Healer or Warrior)
she studies before purchasing levels of Valeren. Once she has
started downa path, she may only make use of the powers listed
for her path. If she wishes to study a secondary power, the
initial cost is the same as for purchasing anew Discipline, and
subsequent costs are at + | to reflect that she is studying
something that is at odds with her initial path (and quite
possibly her Nature). Where two powers for a given level of
mastery are listed, the first belongs to the Healer path and the
second belongs to the Warrior path

E/ DEATH
lubri may "see" the ebb and flow of a person's life
force (though this does not open the third eye) after touching
the subject. Sense Life/Death may be used to determine how
much damage it would take to killa person by measuring the
strength of her life force. This is useful in sizing up a potential
enemy, if the Salubri can touch her.

System: The Salubri must touch her target to determine
howclose todeath she is (roll Perception + Empathy, difficulty
7). She may determine how the subject arrived at such a state
onasecond roll, For each success on the second roll, the player
may ask one question of the Storyteller pertaining to the
subject's health or Health Levels. ("Was she poisoned? Are her
wounds aggravated?") This power identifies a subject as a
vampire with the first successful roll.

ee GIFT OF SLEEP

The vampire causes any living thing to fall asleep with but
atouch. This ability is quite useful for advancing the body's own
healing process, or for helping someone sleep through pain

System: If the subject is willing, the player need only
spend a Blood Point to put her to sleep. If the subject is
unwilling, a Blood Point is spent and the player must make a
contested Willpower roll with the target. Success indicates
that the target is granted a period of peaceful sleep equal to her
normal pattern of rest (usually five to eight hours), though she
may be awakened normally

Cainites are unaffected by this power.

HEALING ToucH

The vampire lays her hands on a wound and channels her
inner energies to speed up the healing process. The target feels
a warm sensation as he heals.

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLIN:


System: This works on any creature, but the vampire
must touch the wound itself. The player spends a Blood Point
for each Health Level to be healed. Aggravated wounds may
be healed this way, but the player needs to spend two Blood
Points per Health Level so healed.

eee BURNING TOUCH

The vampire lays a hand on her opponent, and searing
pain courses through the victim. This causes no physical
damage to the subject, but prolonged contact may leave her
traumatized

System: The player spends a Blood Point and the vampire
keeps her hand in place for as long as she wishes to cause pain.
Extra Blood Points may be spent to intensify the effects, at the
Storyteller's discretion. Each Blood Point spent reduces the
subject's Dice Pools by two.

eeee SHEPHERD'S WATCH
The vampire may protect herselfand those under her care
his power. The Salubri physically prevents hostile
mm approaching her and those close to her by
nystical barrier. Legend holds that Warrior Salubri

by usir
characters f
invoking

were able to discharge eldritch energy from barriers, wounding

and even killing antagonists who came too close.

System: With the expenditure of ewo Willpower points

vany ts an invisible barrier around herself ai
vers her. No one may come within 10 feet until she
voluntarily drops the "shield." Anyone attempting to ap-
proach must engage the Salubri in an extended contested
Willpower roll (difficulty 8), and score three more successes
than the Salubri. A Salubri may move and maintain the
barrier, but if she takes any offensive action, the barrier drops.

She may not leave the barrier around others and go off to fight.

eee ENDING THE WATCH

The "watch" in this case is the death watch. An apocry-
phal story of the Second City describes two Salubri who
walked the streets on certain nights, looking for the sick, aged,
suffering, those for whom life had become a burden. Ifa person
truly wished to die because of illness or terrible loss and could
answer the pait to satisfaction, they would grant the gift of
death. Their particular charges were children of the streets,
who called them "The Kind Ones" and honored them as
angels who would save the miserable from their lives. Saulot
did not approve of such use of the gift, and banned its use (and
the pair) from the city. Today, one who possesses this power
risks being outcast by the outcasts. However, Salubri who
follow the Warrior path may have and use this power without
being condemned,

The Salubri using this power grantsaquiet, painlessdeath
toa willing subject.

System: To End the Watch, the vampire places her hand
on the subject's chest. The player spends a Willpower point
The subject must be willing to end her life. Ifshe struggles or

DARK AGES COMPANION

the subject appears to go intoa deep, peaceful sleep. Curiously,
an individual affected by this power may not be subsequently
Embraced, nor will she become a wraith.

¢ THE ALING Spirit

The Salubri using this power whispers soothing reassur-
ances to her subject, in effect removing a Derangement from
that subject. Some Salubri claim that Saulot developed this to
provide Malkav some relief from his madness. Remember, in
the Dark Medieval world, insanity is seen as demonic posses-
sion, and curing a person of insanity might arouse undue
interest from the local Church.

System: This power requires two Blood Points to activate.
The player rolls Intelligence + Empathy (difficulty 8). Success
cures the subject of one Derangement of the Salubri's choice.
This will not remove a Malkavian's one permanent Derange-
ment, but it can provide periods of lucidity. A botch indicates
that the Salubri has temporarily drawn the Derangement into
herself, and suffers from its effects for the remainder of the
scene. In this case the subject continues to suffer her own

Derangement as well.

* VENGEANCE OF SAMIEL

By invoking the power of her own blood, the Warrior
Salubri guides her weapon infallibly coward her foe. This
power causes the third eye to open and glow a righteous red.
Some Salubri who use it close their normal eyes, taunting and

ing their opponents simultaneously.

System: Using this power costs three Blood Points. Any
single attack automatically hits its target as mystic forces guide the
blow. Attacks made in this mannercannot be dodged or otherwise
evaded, though they may be blocked and soaked normally. In
addition, the attack bites deep and does two extra dice of damage.

¢ © WARDING THE BEAST

This power allows the vampire to pull the soul of another
from his body and take it into her own body, where she works
powerful healing magics on it. Salubri suspect that this power
is the reason why so many Tremere have dubbed them
"soulsuckers." If the Tremere understood the true nature of the
power, they might not sneer.

System: To activate this power, the player rolls Stamina +
Empathy (difficulty equal to 12 minus thesubject's Road rating).
Botching this roll means the Salubri acquires a Derangement for
the duration of the scene. Note that this power may not be used
on subjects with Road ratings of 1 ot less, nor will it work on
followersof Via Diabolis; some souls are too far gone tosave. The
soul becomes part of the Salubri's as she does her work, and she
may release it back into the proper bexly at any time. To keep the
soul for overlongisconsidered heinous andruel, and the Salubri
risks straying from her Road ifshe doesso. Once the soul is within
permanent Willpower point to restore a
point of the soul's Via rating, though she may not exceed the
level of the subject's Road as dictated by that subject's Virtues
(For example, follower of Via Humanitatis with Conscience 3

her, she may spend


and Self-Control 3 may not have his Road score raised above 6
in this manner.) The vampire may only spend as many Will-
power points as she has dots in Empathy.

While a soul is within the Salubri, its body isa shell, still
alive, but without motivation or will. A soul whose host body
iskilled immediately vanishes; no one knows what happens to
these disenfranchised spirits (though Storytellers with access
to Wraith: The Oblivion are encouraged to make them
Spectres). Killing the body of a harbored soul demands a
Degeneration roll of the Salubri's player (unless the vampire
follows the Warrior path)

Ifa soul does not wish to be so detained (as is often the
case if this power is used offensively or on a subject in frenzy),
it may attempt to break free and return to its own body. Doing
this requires a contested Willpower roll with the Salubri,
wherein the difficulty equals the opponent's Wits + Empathy

Note that though the spiritual condition of vampires is
unknown — whether they have souls, spitits or anything of that
nature — Warding the Beast does affect vampires. Perhaps that
is proof that Cainites do retain souls after mortal death

eoeee @ LOVING AGONY

A Salubri may dispense pain, as in Burning Touch, but

y continue tod: vs removed her hand. She

nally intended to desensitize individuals to pain by gradually
building levels of tolerance. If applied with enough intensity,
this power can send vampires into frenzy, can incapacitate
werewolves, and can kill mortals.

System: The procedure begins with a successful Will-
power roll (difficulty 8) and the expenditure of one Blood
Point. Subsequent rolls are required to prolong the effect by up
toone scene per success. Failure means the effect simply fizzles
outor refuses to work. A botch on any roll results in potentially
dangerous backlash for the user.

At the
damage to her subject at the rate of one Health Level per Blood
Point spent (though touch must be maintained in this case).
Any damage incurred by vampires or other werewolves in this

alubri's option, she may cause actual physical

manner vanishes at the next sunset, but mortals must heal
from it normally.

To induce frenzy in her subject, the Salubri must cause
physical damage in excess of that subject's Willpower. At that
point, the subject must pass a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) ot
enter frenzy

ee ee SAFE PASSAGE

The vampire may invoke this power to pass safely throu

v crowd without fear of harm. It is nora matter of acrivels
hiding in the crowd, but of the vampire making her spirit seem

pleasant or inoffensive, Peaple move out of the way, nod

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINE


politely, treat her with respect, and offer her shelter without
any conscious idea of why they do so. Activating this power
also means that people are unfriendly to anyone who pursues
the vampire or wishes her harm.

System: This power is always considered "on," although
Salubri may selectively shut it off. Ifthere is someone in a crowd
who actively wishes to harm the vampire (such as a hunter or
other pursuer), then the vampire and hunter must make con-
tested Willpower rolls (difficulty 6). If the Salubri wins, the
hunter's interest in chasing his target fades somewhat ("What
am I doing here?") and he suffers Dice Pool penalties based upon
the number of successes gained by the Salubri while following
her. (For example, if the Salubri won the contested Willpower
roll by a margin of two successes, the hunter would lose two from
all his Dice Poolsuntil he gave up the pursuit.) Ifthe hunter wins,
he is unaffected by the attempt.

This penalty fades at the next sunrise, though if the
hunter resumes the chase again, he will likely come under it's
effects once more.

Note that this power affects only those with casual or
minimal knowledge of the Salubri in question, such as those
whom she passes in a marketplace. It does not affect anyone
who has known her long enough to form an opinion of her.

eooee o@ ALVERSION

Warrior Salubri have discovered that Safe Passage can be
subverted to cause the opposite effect, inciting a crowd to
move away from a target out of dislike. This can be used best
against someone who pursues the vampire, by having people
avoid him or refuse to answer his questions. A person who is
open to suggestion may even be inclined to harm the target,
especially if the target is rude. Not surprisingly, a number of
Tremere have been victim of this power.

System: The Salubri must touch the subject. The player
spends a Blood Point. The subject suffers the effects described
above for the remainder of the scene.

eeeee eee DURIFICATION

This ability can be used to cleanse a person, place or thing of
taint. [tis vitally important that the Salubri be of strong character
and humanity (a very high Via rating — no less than 8), since he
pits his own goodness against whatever evil or unclean thing has
corrupted another. This can be used against demonic possession
or infernalism, but failure promises a terrible fate.

System: The player spends a Willpower point if the
subject is willing and the corrupting agent does not fight back.
If the subject is possessed, a demon or evil spirit fights very
hard to hold onto its plaything. The player and demon make
an extended and contested Willpower roll (difficulty equal to
the opponent's permanent Willpower); the winner must beat
the other by three successes. If the contest fails, the attempt to
Purify fails. If the player botches, the demon now possesses the
Salubri's body. Purification cannot be self-administered, and
has no effect on the Beast.

DARK AGES COMPANION

¢ SHADOW OF THINT

This extension of Purification was preserved from ancient
times by Salubri scholars. It was known as one of the Warrior
path's most formidable weapons. The Salubri Warrior may use
the Purification power to remove the taint from one subject
and project it onto another.

System: After Purification is performed (as per the rules,
above), the Salubri's player spends a second Willpower point.
The vampire thrusts the evil spirit intoa nearby object, animal
or person. Timing is critical; if the would-be vessel is too far
away (outside physical reach), the demon either goes free or
finds another vessel to inhabit (most likely the Salubri her-
self). If the Salubri does "bottle" the demon in an object, her
Via is unlikely to drop. If she places it in an animal or other
living host, however, the player must succeed at a Via roll
(difficulty 8) if the Storyteller believes that this is contrary to
the vampire's morality; a botch results in the automatic loss of
a Via point, and the demon in question may break free.

INFERNAL
DISCIPLINES

Infernalist Cainites have learned ways to turn the inher-
ent powers of their blood to infernal ends. These Disciplines
are only available to characters who open themselves to
infernal influence (see Chapter Five for more details on
infernalism).

With the exception of Dark Thaumaturgy, these Disci-
plines are not inherent Cainite abilities; rather, they are
demonic augmentations of the Blood. As they have no true
vampiric foundation, these abilities only extend to the fifth
level of mastery. Dark Thaumaturgy combines the worst of
both infernal taint and Cainite blood magic, and is quite
powerful.

Dark THAUMATURGY

Dark Thaumaturgy is the infernally powered Discipline
similar to regular Thaumaturgy, though they are entirely inde-
pendent of each other. The most frightening aspect of Dark
Thaumaturgy is that anyone can lear it once they have made a
deal with the Devil — the power is not limited to the Baali,

Dark Thaumaturgy differs from "traditional" Thaumaturgy
in that itis nota creation of Clan Tremere, and in that it draws
on infernal power as much as it does the Blood. It is not
"interchangeable" with normal Thaumaturgy; a character
wishing to use these Paths must possess Dark Thaumaturgy,
while a character who wishes to learn "normal" Paths must
possess knowledge of normal Thaumaturgy.

Acquiring and improving levels of Dark Thaumaturgy
and its Pathsand Rituals demands a Supplicium of the student;
success indicates that the new level is learned, while failure
continues the character's inexorable slide into damnation.
Rules for Supplicii may be found in Chapter Seven.


DarK THAUMATURGICAL
PATHS

Dark Thaumaturgy is practiced in the same manner as
regular Thaumaturgy is (detailed in Dark Ages, page 164). Each
time one of these infernal powers is invoked, a Blood Point must
be spent and a Willpower roll is made against a difficulty of the
power's level + 3. A failure on the roll indicates that the magic
fails. A botch indicates that a permanent Willpower pointis lost,
though the Storyteller may also wish to confront the Dark
Thaumaturgist with a visitor from the nether world...

ReGO VENALIS
(PATH OF CORRUPTION)

Iris said that this Path was developed by Set himself as a
gift to his childer, Ifso, they have made sure to spread it.

¢ Nicut's TERROR

The infernalist can strike fear into opponents by reaching
into the depths of their souls and pulling forth images of
personal damnation. Even the strongest mortal can be cowed
by this power.

System: Successes gained are subtracted from all the
target's Dice Pools until the target can shake off the power's
effects with a successful Road roll (difficulty 6), which may be
attempted once per night. Vampires and other supernatural
creatures may be driven into frenzy by this power; if the roll to
shake off the effects is botched, the character frenzies, tor-
mented by his own inner demons.

* Polson HEART

Infernalists believe that all beings have dark sides. With this
power, an infernalist may bring such darkness to the surface. The
Dark Thaumaturgist may cause a victim toact on herdark impulses
by meeting the victim's eyes and whispering a temptation.

System: The number of successes gained indicates the
strength of the evil impulse. This power may be used on a
Cainite, butit costsa Willpower point to doso. The target may
resist with a successful Road roll (difficulty equal to the Dark
Thaumaturgist's Willpower),

eee Foon THE HEART'S EYE

The infernalist can assume the image of a victim's loved
one by reaching out with his thoughts. This power is used to
plot betrayal and bring about corruption.

System: Successes gained indicate the verisimilitude of the
impersonation: One success yields a rough impression, while five
successes result in a completely convincing simulacrum.

eee NAME THE CRIME

The infernalist suggests a sin to the target. This sin may
consist of a single evil act, or a general attitude. Unless the
target is very strong-willed, he is unable to prevent himself
from acting on the suggestion.

System: Successes gained determine the duration of the urge
tocommit sin. By spendinga Willpower point, the victim may roll
his permanent Willpower (difficulty 6) to resist this urge; success-
ful resistance requires more successes than the infernalist gained.
One turn
One hour
One night
One week
One month

¢ CINLEASH THE DARK SouL

No longer content to merely manipulate, the Dark
Thaumaturgist with this power the may rip the shadow froma
living mortal and imbue it with temporary, physical presence.
The mortal is destroyed by the experience, and a diabolic
servant is gained for one night.

System: To use this power the character must slay the
mortal victim and project the remnant of the victim's anima
into her shadow: The mortal's heartblood provides the ani-
mating force for the shadow-wraith, which is under the
vampire's control. The shadow-wraith is a nearly-invisible
servant that can spy on enemies, pass through material objects
and communicate mentally with its creator over any distance
The shadow-wraith fades with the next day's dawn.

Those Lasombra who are familiar with this power are
unsettled by its similarity to their own shadowy Discipline,
Obtenebration.

‘Vipeo NEFHS
(PATH OF Evi, REVELATIONS)

This Dark Thaumaturgy Path was created to pry secrets from
demonsand mortalsalike. Demonsare often unwilling to teach it for
that reason. Parts of this Path were taken from the magic of pagan
oracles, and there is a pagan version of it known as Video Pellis.

This Path will fade into obscurity in the late 16th century,
though it will re-emerge as the Path of Secret Knowledge,
under the guidance of Sabbat infernalists. The "Path of Evil
Revelations," as practiced by the Sabbat, is a corruption of
Video Nefas' tenets, whether by intent or the ravages of time.
By the 20th century, the Path of Evil Revelations has very little
to do with Video Nefas.

* SEE THE CINSEEN

The infernalist can gaze into the spirit world.

System: Norollisnecessary, and the infernalist can see all
nearby spirits, including demons and wraiths, as if they were
physically manifest. Due to the mental concentration that this
power demands, all difficulties are at + 1 while gazing into the
shadow world.

e+ LEARN THE HEAR
The infernalist looks into someone's heart and deter-

mines what grieves him the most. This is useful in deciding
how to destroy a foe.

1 success

2 successes
3 successes
4 successes
5 successes

PAIN

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLIN


System: The successes gained indicate how much knowl-
edge revealsitselfto the infernalist; one successreveals whether
or not the target feels guilt, while five successes reveal specific
details of sins, enemies and failings

eee SEIZE THE MOMENT

The infernalist may reach into the mind of his victim and
draw forth his memories and thoughts

System: For each success gained, the infernalist may pull
forth one specific memory. For example, to learn the plans of
a local bishop, the infernalist Seizes the Moment. He gains
three successes and discovers the bishop's immediate plans,
what troopshe has available, and whether he knows anything
of the infernalist's existence

eeee CASTING THE BONES

This powerallows the infernalist to part the mists of time
and gaze into the future. To use this power, the infernalist must
carve runestones from the bones of a sentient being (a new set
of bones is required each time this power is used)
future the infernalist- may look to find an answer to her

1 suce Only the immediate future can be seen

3 suc A lunar month

5 successes A year

The future is not fixed, so the infernalist's vision may be
inaccurate — it merely shows the likeliest course of events and
so is more accurate when dealing with large groups (for
example, "Will the crusaders recapture Jerusalem?") than with
individuals

RECALL THE BLoopy DEED

The infernalist raises a spectre of vengeance to uncover
past misdeeds. This power may only be used in a place where
blood has been shed in anger

System: If the roll is successful, the infernalist gives
physical form toa minor demon (use the statistics for Custodes
from Chapter Seven) which appears as the victim of the
violence, and bears the victim's wounds. This demon has the
power to track "its" murderer across land and sea to avenge
itself. The only constraint on this pursuit is the number of
successes gained by the infernalist: each success allows the

demon to continue the pursuit for one day and night

REGO Dotor
(Patu or PAIN

Though the Baali created this dark magic, the masters of
Rego Dolor are infernalists of Clan Tzimisce who use it to

enforce discipline among their twisted creations

DARK AGES COMPANION


¢ STRIKE THE BROKEN LIMB

With thispower, the infernalist may reopen an old wound
in the target if he can touch her.

System: If the infernalist successfully touches his target,
he inflicts one Health Level per success rolled; this damage
can be soaked. This wound appears as an older one that has
reopened.

ee PHANTOM PAIN

The infernalist can wrack an opponent's body with pain.

System: The target suffers the penalties of lost Health
Levels, without actually losing those Health Levels. The
successes rolled to use this power determine the Health Levels
"lost." These phantom wounds can even knock a foe uncon-
scious, if the foe suffers enough of them to bring her to
Incapacitated. Vampires and other supernatural creatures can
fesist the infernalise's roll by rolling Willpower as if soaking.
Any supernatural healing (spending Blood Points or regenera-
tion) removes imposed penalties as if they were wounds, at a
tate of one phantom wound per Health Level. The-effectsof
this power last until the end of the scene:

Curse THE SENS:

The infernalist can attack a victim's senses, rendering
him blind, deaf and dumb.

System: Each success gained temporarily deprives the
victim ofone of his senses; sight is generally the first to go. This
effect lasts for one scene, though a vampire so afflicted can

spend a Blood Point to restore each lost sense. A variation of
this power allows the infernalist to numb the target's sense of
pain, reducing wound penalties by the number of successes
gained (someone under the effects of this power may not even
know he is being wounded).

eeee FEED THE CORRUPTION

The infernalist calls upon minor imps and demons to
infect the victim's flesh. Flies bite at her and maggots grow in
soft tissue.

System: For each success the infernalist gains, vermin
grow in the victim's flesh for one day. (If two successes are
gained, the victim is afflicted for two days.) For each day of
infection, the victim suffers one Health Level of damage from
the biting flies, and the burrowing maggots inflict a number of
Health Levels equal to the number of days that the process has
continued (on the third day the victim suffers one Health
Level from the flies and three from the corruption). This
damage may not be soaked, and mortals are likely to be
consumed, dying in agony. Vampires are able to heal the
damage with Blood Points, but the corruption does not end
until it has run its course:

ETERNAL TORMENT
This power inflicts wounds that cannot be healed by
normal means

System: The infernalist opens bleeding and pustulant sores
on her victim's body. For each success gained, one Health Level
of aggravated wounds is inflicted. Mortals cannot soak this
damage or heal the wounds, but supernatural beings can resist
with Fortitude (or similar powers) and heal as with any other
aggravated wounds. In addition, so long as the wounds remain,
the target suffers an equal amount of normal, soakable damage
each night as she sleeps (or each day, in the case of vampires), as
the wounds fester. For example, an infernalist uses this power on.
the Brujah Gregor. Gregor suffers two Health Levels worth of
aggravated damage, and will suffer two more, non-aggravated
Health Levels of damage (though he may soak these additional
wounds) each night until the initial wounds heal.

Reco MANES
(PATH OF SpiriT)

This may be the oldest of all the Paths. It dates back to
pagan times preceding civil
closer to the physical world. Though many ancient vampires
know this Path's secrets, infernalists have turned it to its most

ion, when the spirit world was

potent use — the raising of Hell itself. A demon who answers
the infernalist's call may remain on Earth until the sun rises or
until it hears church bells.

The older, pagan version of this Path is called Rego
Mentem and allows the summoning of the spirits of nature
rather than infernal creatures.

System: This Path has two powers. The first allows
damage to be inflicted upon any spirit (demonic or otherwise)
through ritual incantation (the player rolls Path rating as a
damage Dice Pool against the target; this damage is resisted
with Willpower rather than Stamina). The damaging powers
of this Path take place immediately upon their use, and only
require a few spoken words to enact.

Secondly, this Path allows the infernalist to summon
beings from the spirit world. Rego Manes rating determines
the power of a summoned demon:

. Insignificant (Attributes 4/3/2, Abilities 3/

2/1, no Disciplines)

Least (Attributes 5/4/3, Abilities 4/3/2, two
points of Disciplines and/or Investments)
Lesser (Attributes 6/5/4, Abilities 5/4/3,
fourpoints of Disciplinesand/or Investments)
Minor (Attributes 7/6/5, Abilities 6/5/4,
six points of Disciplinesand/or Investments)
Specific demon (such as those presented in
Chapter Seven), who demands sacrifices
and serves only if it is in his interests.

The number of successes gained determines how much
control the infernalist has over what he calls up:

The demon attends, but listens to the
infernalist only if it can benefit. It may
leave at will

1 success

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINES


The demon arrives and listens to requests,
and answers simple questions.

The demon is well-disposed toward the
infernalist, and answers questions with

2 successes

3 successes

some accuracy.
Thedemon is willingtoserve theinfernalist
on simple tasks.

4 successes

Thedemon is pleased with the summoning and
serves the infernalist faithfully for the night.
The ritual is wasted and cannot be attempted

again that night.

5 successes

Failure
Botch The demon is angered by the infernalist's
clumsy attempts, and attacks.

RITUALS OF DARK
THAUMATURGY

Like regular Thaumaturgy, Dark Thaumaturgy has its
own Rituals (use the system from Vampire: The Dark Ages,
page 168). The following are only examples; infernalists
constantly seek new uses for their powers, so do not hesitate to
surprise players with new and innovative Rituals

Te KNotreD Corp
CLevet One Rirdat)

This Ritual has saved many an infernalist from trial and
execution, by silencing accusers.

System: The infernalist must knot a length of rope while
reciting the name of whomever she wishes to silence. Unless
the target beats the infernalist in an opposed Willpower roll,
he is unable to denounce her.

BIND THE FAMILIAR
Levet ONE Riruat)
This Ritual calls and binds a familiar to the infernalist.
System: This hour-long ritual calls up a minor imp that
possesses an animal's body and serves the infernalist faithfully.
Details on familiars are given in Chapter Seven.

Brine Fortu THE HELL BEAST
(LEVEL Two Rrruat)

Through the use of this Ritual, an infernalist may infuse an
animal with corruption and rage. The beast becomes twisted and
evil, seeking to wreak the Devil's own havoc on humanity.

System: An infernalist who knows this ritual merely
needs to lay his hands on any beast and thereby infuse it with
a little of his blood (one Blood Point). The animal flies into a
rage and attempts to kill anyone and anything it encounters,
until slain. This trace of infernal taint provides increased
strength (Potence 1), and the animal becomes so frenzied that
it feels no pain (is not affected by wound penalties)

Warpine Circe (Lever Two Riraat)
This Ritual prepares an area for infernal magics by creating
aprotectivecitcletodefend theinfernalist fromademon'sanger

DARK AGES COMPANION

System: The warding circle is a complicated diagram of
astrological symbols that has to be drawn with special chalks
while an incantation is intoned. The infernalist can either
create a temporary warding circle, which takes 30 minutes to
complete, or makes a permanent circle, which takes several
nights. Once the circle is completed, the infernalist must stand
inside it and activate the ritual magic with a prepared phrase
or prayer, So long as the infernalist remains within the en-
chanted space, she is protected from any attack by an infernal
creature unless the creature can beat her in a resisted Will-
power test.

Botching the roll to enact this Ritual can be fatal and
damning: A botched Warding Circle offers no protection at
all, though the infernalist will believe that her ward is sound.

Bioop Imp (Leven THree Riruat)

This strange Ritual allows the infernalist to distill an
obedient homunculus from his own blood, The homunculus
assumes the form ofa small animal, often ajackdaw or monkey,
and can be used as a spy ot thief

System: The Blood Imp is created from vitae and shaped
by the magic of the ritual. It has a Strength Attribute (for
carrying things only) equal to the Blood Points spent on its
creation, and Hea
gained on the die roll. Ithasno combat abilities (though it may
serve as a distraction) and lasts for one night. Its method of

h Levels equal to the number of successes:

locomotion is based on its animal form (jackdaws can fly,
monkeys climb, etc.)

Bioopy Bones CLEVEL THRE

Riraaw)

This Ritual is cast over an area. The infernalist must bury
a specially prepared bag of bones in the area of casting. Once
this is done, the place is cursed — plants wither and die,

stillbirths are common, and tempers flare easily. The cause of
the curse is a spirit that is bound into the bones.

System: The spirit bound into the bloody bones has influ-
ence over an area as large as a village. The area is cursed so long
as the bones remain buried. Vampires can easily find the bag of
bones with Heightened Senses; scattering the bones frees the
spirit. While the curse is in effect all frenzy rolls are at + 1
difficulty, in addition to the effects imposed upon mortal life.

Tue LEADEN HEART
Leven THree Rrraat)

An infernalist uses this Ritual to bind a target to the spot
so that he cannot flee the fate in store for him.

System: The infernalist must not only know the name of
the target but must use some personal token (a piece of
clothing, a lock of hair) to work the magic. After a 10-minute
Ritual, the victim finds himself unable to flee the area, unless
he can beat the infernalist's successes in a Willpower roll
Should the victim botch this roll, he grows paralyzed with fear
and cannotact in any way until the magic expires. The Ritual's
power ends either at cockerow or if the victim's name is called
out by a true love. This Ritual is not limited by any distance:


as long as the infernalist has a personal token she may affect
her subject. Luckily for that subject, the token is consumed
each time this Ritual is enacted.

VILE SWARM (LEVEL Four RiruAL)

Infernalist Nosferatu have learned many secrets in their
deep catacombs. This Ritual allows entire swarms of vermin to
be commanded and used on missions of destruction.

System: The infernalist performs the Ritual to summona
horde of creatures (insects, bats or rats), and then feeds them
her blood. These bound creatures swarm at the infernalist's
command, overwhelming foes and destroying crops and prop-
erty. As long as the infernalist concentrates, the swarm is
disguised as if by Cloak the Gathering (such intense concen-
tration requires the player to spend one Willpower point each
hour). Hundreds, even thousands of creatures compose the
swarm, and only fire or some other massive form of destruction
can halt its rampage.

LeTHEAN Cuatns (Lever Four Riruat)
The infernalist may erase memories from his target by
using a special potion, thereby concealing his evil actions.
System: This Ritual allows the infernalist to distill a
potion that causes the imbiber to forget all that happens for
the space of one night — in her amnesiac state the victim is
easily led astray and can even be blamed for the crimes of the
infernalist. The Ritual itself is simple, taking only a few
minutes of preparation time; however, the potion's ingredi-
ents include the tears of ademon or water froman Underworld
river, so are hard to obtain. Each preparation of the potion
contains a number of doses equal to the infernalist's successes.

HE HAND OF GLORY
Levet Frve Rrruat)

This Ritual allows the infernalist to put all the inhabit-
ants of a building into a deep slumber.

System: The infernalist must ritually prepare a hand cut
from the corpse ofa hanged man. By lighting the fingers of the
hand and using it as a torch, the infernalist causes all the
inhabitants of any place he enters to fallasleep (ifthe infernalist
enters a massive building such asa castle, only those in his
immediate vicinity will sleep; those in distant parts of the
structure are unaffected and are likely to notice the distur-
bance). Once those within slumber, the infernalist can move
about freely.

‘Warp Versus DEMONS
(LEVEL Five Rrruat)

This Ritual works in a manner similar to Ward Versus
Ghouls (Level-Two Ritual), but affects demons and other
infernal creatures,

System: The requirements of this Ritual are the same as
those of Ward Versus Ghouls, except the required component
isthe blood of an innocent (non-infernalists learn a variant of

this Ritual that requires holy water).

MALerFIcIA

The Maleficia Discipline is the power to use the evil eye, to
bestow curses and to invoke plagues. Maleficia inflicts madness
and misfortune on its targets. It is said that infernalist Malkavians
developed this Discipline with the aid of demonic patrons.

Maleficia's effects may be turned on the infernalist. Should
the target of this Discipline realize she is being affected, she
may make an opposed Wits + Occult roll (difficulty of the
infernalist's Willpower); if the roll is successful, the infernalist
suffers the effects of the Discipline. This can only be done ifthe
victim knows that she is being afflicted and can confront the
infernalist. Likewise, if the inferalist's attempt botches, she
suffers the effect herself. The victim can also flee to the
Church, where an exorcism or blessing ritual will free her from
a curse. All of the powers of Maleficia are dispelled if the
infernalist is killed.

* Evin Eve
This power allows the infernalist to afflict someone's life
with a minor mishap. This may prove fatal in combat
System: The player must roll Wits + Occult (difficulty 6)
and spend a Blood Point. Each success cancels one success
from the victim's next die roll

e+ Minor Cars

This power causes the victim a string of mishaps and
accidents.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty
6) and spends one Blood Point. For each success gained, the
target suffers the curse for one hour. Ignore the highest die on
any roll that the affected character makes for the duration of
the curse. This can be disastrous for characters with low levels
in critical abilities.

eee PSALM OF THE DAMNED

By chanting strange verses, the infernalist causes her foes
to be distracted and unable to concentrate. Once begun, the
psalm is heard by the victim wherever he flees, so long as the
infernalist keeps chanting.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Music (diffi-
culty 6); each success reduces the victim's Dice Pool by one.
The victim must be within earshot of the infernalist when the
power is activated, but as long as the infernalist chants, the
victim remains penalized. This power may be used on a group,
in which case the infernalist's successes indicate how many
individuals lose one die from their Dice Pools.

eee BARRENNESS

The target of this power is rendered barren. Given the
importance of children to medieval people, this power is
dreaded by all.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Occult (difficulty
equal to the victim's Stamina). If the roll is successful the
target is stricken barren, unable to produce children. This

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINES


power affects even vampires, rendering them unable to sire,
and so is greatly feared. The effect may be removed only
through exorcism, high-level Thaumaturgical Rituals, or the
slaying of the caster.

GREATER Curse

The target of this power suffers torments night and day;
her skin breaks out in boils and she is shunned by others.

System: The curse is invoked with the expenditure of
three Blood Points. This power requires a resisted Willpower
test (difficulty 8) between the infernalist and victim. Who-
ever loses is afflicted by the curse, the effects of which last for
one year. During this year the victim is unable to sleep
comfortably (suffers + 1 toall difficulty numbers), takeson the
appearance of a leper (Appearance drops to 0), and suffers all
the effects of a Minor Curse. Vampires are able to resist the
effects of a Greater Curse by spending an extra four Blood
Points as they sleep each day.

STRIGA

This Discipline is associated with secret witch-cults of
Europe. It draws on traditional folk powers and twists them to
evil purposes. Its practitioners are often called strigmaga, or
"nightwalkers," and they virtually comprise a bloodline unto
themselves among infernalists.

DARK AGES COMPANION

* STRIX

The reputation of the strigmaga for knowing all things is
based on this simple power of governing the night winds to
carry gossip to the infernalists

System: The infernalist calls the night winds with a roll
of Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty 6). Only one success is
needed for the winds to transmit the words of anyone talking
in the open air within one mile. The strigmaga does not
necessarily understand the language in which the words are
spoken (she is limited by her own knowledge)

Scopax

The strigmaga is able to influence the actions of swarms
of vermin and insects. This power neither calls nor controls
the vermin, but incites them to harass others.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Survival (diffi-
culty 6) to determine the response to the infernalist's all. The
vermin are incapable of doing any real damage, but are greatly
distracting and can spoil foodstuffs. Characters plagued by the
swarmaddtwoto thedifficultiesofany actions they undertake
Vermin gather, butact normally (eating food,
scurrying about, but not attacking people)

1 success

2 successes The vermin swarm, concentrating ona

single target, whom they bite


3 successes The vermin swarm through an area,
attacking anyone in it

The vermin attack any designated targets,
following them as best they can

The vermin swarm in amad rage. Hundreds
of insects respond, biting and stinging

everyone in the vicinity

4 successes

5 successes

Masca

The name of this power derives from both the Latin for
eating and from the word fora mask. By drinking the blood of
abird or beast, the infernalist can mask herself in the creature's
form and carry out her dark business. The transformation lasts
until the next dawn, and the infernalist gains all the advan-
tages of the animal form. However, the infernalist cannot use
any other Disciplines while wearing the mask.

System: No roll is necessary and the transformation is
automatic, but Blood Points must be spent depending on the
animal form assumed. Transforming intoa small creature such as
a bird or mouse costs only one Blood Point, whereas changing
intoa large beast like a wolf costs three, Becoming a huge animal
such asa bear costs five or more Blood Points. Only animal forms
may be assumed, though any inherent traits of a beast (claws,
poisonous bite) are available to the strigmaga.

eooe HEXE
This power cursesa single individual. Itis said thatin ancient
times, this power was strong enough to strike a person dead.

System: The infernalist must spit blood on the target
(requiring a Dexterity + Archery roll in combat). The character
coughs up a Blood Point, and the player rolls Stamina + Occult
(difficulty equal to the target's Stamina); each success inflicts
one Health Level of aggravated damage. This damage manifests
ina hideous fashion as the victim's body twists and mutates,

On a botch, the strigmaga swallows her own poisonous
blood and suffers three levels of aggravated damage.

eevee FRACTURA

This power allows the strigmaga to control her own blood
in strange ways. Her vitae bubbles out of her skin to form
barbed tentacles that surround and protect her.

System: A Stamina + Occult roll (difficulty 7) must be
made; each success costs one Blood Point and enables one
tentacle to be extruded. Each tentacle is six feet long and has
Strength and Dexterity scores of 5. Additional Blood Points
may be "fed" to the tentacles to increase these parameters
(each Blood Point spent increases either Strength or Dexterity
by one). A tentacle does Strength + 2 slashing damage and has
four Health Levels (though the "parent" does not suffer any
wound penalties from damage suffered by the tentacles). The
strigmaga may choose to make a soak roll fora tentacle; should
this roll fail, however, she takes the damage instead of her
tentacle. The blood spent on creating tentacles docs not
return to the infernalist's Blood Pool when the power ends.
There are rumors that a infernalist can be diablerized via her
tentacles, but few are willing to test the theory.

CHAPTER FOUR: DISCIPLINES



Religion is a potent force int Dak
Wedieval Cucope. Scom the mono-
lithic Catholic Church, to the Spanish
Whoors, to the ceumbling vestiges of
pee Onistian pegs tism, the denizens

of this dath world ave motivated by
the faith which keeps then going and
gives them hope for a better life.

Vietet Judaismis thovougAy inter-
twined with the practice of Rabbalah.
It is covered in qveater detail in Qhap-
ter Six.


CHRISTIANITY

Except the Lord build the house: thetr labour is but lost that build it.

Except the Lord keep the city: the watchman waketh but in vain.

— Nisi Dominus, Book of Common Prayer

The Church is all things to all people. To some it is the
last repository of knowledge in the Western world, to others a
repressive organization that seeks to crush all rational under-
standing. Some go to the Church to seek out redemption and
salvation, the only paths to Heaven; others curse it as the
manifestation of the Antichrist's final victory. Whatever
one's views, the Church is the fixed center of the Dark
Medieval world. No other body rivals it for power and influ-
ence; no other organization can be said to hold the world in its
hands. To the Cainites it is both enemy and friend: the one
fixed point in centuries of unlife, and the center of resistance
to their very existence. In any event, itcan not be ignored.

THE History OF
CHRISTIANITY

Though it seems impossible now, the fledgling sect of
Christianity was very nearly extinguished at its beginnings. So
insignificant was it to the Roman Empire that the authorities
who crucified Christ neglected to make any records of the
event. It was only chance — or Divine will — that allowed
Christianity its time to grow.

In the first centuries of the first millennium, Christianity
was but one of many mystery sects fighting for survival and
influence. Ancient gods spoke to their followers through the
ecstasies of the mystery cults, and it seemed as if the Cult of
Mithras would rule the Roman Empire. However, in 311, Em-
peror Constantine | was stunned by a vision of a cross in the sky
and promised that should he win the battles he was undertaking,
he would dedicate himself and his empire to the crucified god.

Win hedid, and the dying Roman Empire tured tothenew
faith. It took root in the surviving courts of Byzantium and was
spread by zealous missionaries into the pagan and barbarian lands
of Europe. The faith took hold in many centers: in Rome, where
the Popes followed the tradition of Saint Peter; in Constantinople,
where the Empire continued its slow spiral into decadence and
the Church was ruled by Patriarchs; in Ireland, where mission-
aries impressed the barbarian chiefs with their courage. At this
time the Christian faith was interpreted in many different ways.
Eastern denominations introduced ideas of personal reincarna-
tion, of a dualistic universe, of a feminine god; free will was
debated fiercely, as was the doctrine of Christ's human nature
and His divine spirit. In each area new versions of Christianity
emerged, as the simple faith was translated through the prior
experience and beliefs of new parishioners.

Christianity could have continued in this organic way,
becoming a broad and all-encompassing faith, were it not for
the actions of the Byzantine Emperor Julian, known to history

DARK AGES COMPANION

as the Apostate. Julian turned from his Christian faith and
sought to embrace the beliefs of his forefathers — he reinstated
paganism, encouraged heresy and schism, and, with the might
of the Eastern Empire behind him, ptepared to sweep Chris-
tianity away forever. In his fear, the Pope prayed for the
salvation of his flock and was answered. In a dream, he saw the
Archangel Michael trampling Julian into the ground and
stabbing him through the heart with a spear. As Julian died he
whispered, "Thou hast conquered all, O pale Galilean!" and
none of his successors dared doubt his judgment, or the power
of the Christian faith.

THE ROMAN CHURCH AND
THE Dark AGES

Itwas in these times that the Dark Ages truly began — the
Roman Empire was buta memory, Rome itself had been sacked
by Alaric and the Vandals, the Eastern Empire seemed deca-
dent and fragmented by national and political battles, and all
Classical scholarship had been lost. It was an age of new gods
brought into southern Europe from the barbarian northlands,
and of heresies brought out of the East. The old order had gone
forever and the lights of civilization went out across the
continent.

During this time, the Church became a recognizable
entity. Fearing that Christianity would be swept away ina tide
of heresies, and that Christian would fight Christian over
articles of faith, a succession of Popes laid down the Orthodox
and Catholic beliefs that would govern the Christian world for
centuries. St. Augustine is perhaps the most famous of these
lawmakers, but many other talented Popes and churchmen
sought to impose order on the chaos of the Dark Ages. The idea
of orthodoxy that developed, though extremely complicated
and subject to much debate over the ages, can be summarized
easily — theofficial Church in Rome wasthe only truechurch,
salvation could only be found by following the tenets promul-
gated from here, and all else was heresy.

Ironically, the actions of Italy's vampires helped to pre-
serve the Church in Rome — Ventrue, Lasombra and Toreador
all needed strong political systems to support their aims and
challenge the power of Constantinople. Other clans also
supported the Roman Church — Nosferatu seeking salvation,
and Brujah hoping that classical scholarship could be restored.
Despite their similar aims, the clansnever moved towarda true
alliance and often worked at cross-purposes as they battled for
control over the Church hierarchy.

Not only did the Roman Church survive these dark years,
but it prospered. Due to the collapse of most civil, legal and
national authority across Western Europe, the Roman Church
was able to fill this void and provide order in people's lives. The
Roman Church became the repository of knowledge and wis-
dom, the arbitrator of disputes, the wealthiest and most powerful
organization in Europe,and, eventually, the final legal authority,

with dominion even over emperors. This last power was assumed


when, in the ninth century, Pope Leo III crowned the Holy
Roman Emperor Charlemagne III, cementing the right of the
Church to determine the actions of state. This was a great coup
for the Toreador, who delighted in seeing the Ventrue-influ
enced emperor bow down before the Pope.

In the four centuries since the crowning of Emperor
Charlemagne, the Roman Church has grown full and mighty,
dominating Europe ftom Spain to the Balkans, from England
to Italy. The Orthodox Church retains its power in the lands
of the Eastern Empire but cannot spread, contained as it is by
the growing force of the Roman Church and the threat of the
Infidel. The Irish Church — which might have spread a
different Christian faith, one more accepting of the pagan
ways — has been bought into the fold and, with the Norman
invasion of Eire, the hold of Rome on even those distant

islands is secure

WorsHiP

The public worship of the Roman Church is its liturgy,

principally the Eucharist, which is also called the Mass,

Recitation of prayers and readings from the Bible take place in
Latin (which is seldom understood by the parishioners); these
sacraments are followed by the faithful receiving communion,
understood as sharing in the sacramental presence of Christ

The worship of the Church is also expressed in rites of baptism,
confirmation, weddings, ordinations, penitential rites, burial
rites, and the singing of the Divine Office

The Roman Church also fosters other public devotional
practices, including the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament,
the Rosary, novenas (nine days of pray
purposes), pilgrimages to shrines, and veneration of saints' relics

for various special

or statues. Christians are not encouraged to practice private
prayer; the Church dictates the practice of worship, considering
privacy in this matter to be dangerously close to heresy.
In addition, the Church has an impressive array of holy
ys, following a cycle of Advent, Christmas, Epiphany, Lent,
Easter, and Pentecost, as well as a distinctive cycle of com-
memoration of the saints
Some vampireshave adopted afew of the Church'spractices
for their own — they hold holidays in mockery of the holy days
and practice blood magics in place of communion (see the Book
of Storyteller Secrets for more deta

OrtTHODOX CHURCH

The main rivalof Roman Christianity and the majorChristian

s on these practices)

faith across the Levant and Eastern Europe, the Orthodox Church
claims to have preserved the original and apostolic Christian faith,


The Orthodox Church is a fellowship of administratively
autocephalous (self-governing) local churches, united in faith,
sacraments, and canonical discipline; each enjoys the right to
elect itsown head and its bishops. Traditionally, the Patriarch of
Constantinople is recognized as the "first among equal" Ortho-
dox bishops, though he has great direct doctrinal and
administrative authority. He also wields great power through his
direct connection to the Imperial Court; many decisions and
much of the politics that earn the name ‘Byzantine' derive from
the Patriarch. The other major heads of autocephalous churches,
in order of precedence, are: the Patriarch of Alexandria, Egypt,
with jurisdiction over Africa; the Patriarch of Antioch (while
the Patriarch of Jerusalem remains in exile) with jurisdiction
cover Palestine; the Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia; the
Patriarch of Serbia (Yugoslavia); the Patriarch of Romania; the
Patriarch of Bulgaria; the Archbishop of Cyprus; the Archbishop
of Athens and all Greece; and the Metropolitan of Prague and
all Czechoslovakia. This fluid structure of authority means that
many of the clans are fighting over control of the Orthodox
Church through ghouls and puppets in their home region.
During the election of a new Patriarch of Constantinople,
tensions between the clans can explode into open conflict

Historically. the Orthodox Church stands as a direct de-
scendant of the earliest Christian communities founded in
regionsot the Eastern Mediterranean by the apostles of Jesus. The
subsequent destinies of Christianity in those areas wereshaped by
the transfer of the imperial capital from Rome to Constantinople
by Constantine in A.D. 320. Asa consequence, during the first

eight centuries of Christian history, most major intellectual,
cultural and social developments took place in this region.
Missionaries from Constantinople converted the Slavs and other
peoples of Eastern Europe to Christianity (Bulgaria, 864; Russia,
988) and translated the Scriptures and other liturgical texts into
the vernacular languages used in the various regions.

The Orthodox Church's refusal to accept the primacy of the
Pope and Roman law has led to a seemingly endless conflict
between the rival branches of Christianity. The first major breach
came in the ninth century, when the Pope refused torecognize the
election of Photius as Patriarch of Constantinople. Photius in
turn challenged the right of the papacy to rule on the matter. The
mounting disputes between East and West reached another
climax in 1054, when mutual anathemas were exchanged. This
split in Christianity will lead to the sacking of Constantinople by
the Fourth Crusade of 1204, which will intensify Eastern hostility
toward the West. Rival Cainites are behind much of this tension,
as Eastern vampires seek to expand the influence of their holdings
over their Western brethren and vice versa. In the Dark Medieval
world these secret politics exacerbate natural tensions and bring
the rival Churches of Christendom into great conflict.

Doctrines AND PRACTICES

The Orthodox Church recognizes ay authoritative the
decisions of the seven ecumenical councils that met beeween
325 and 737 and defined the basicdoctrineson the Trinity and

DARK AGES COMPANION

the Incarnation. The Orthodox Church accepts the early
traditions of Christianity, including the same sacraments as
the Roman Catholic Church — although in the Orthodox
Church infants receive the Eucharist and confirmation — yet
married men may become priests, though not bishops or
monks. The veneration of Mary as Mother of God is central to
Orthodox worship, and the intercession of saints is empha-
sized. After an early controversy on the subject, which almost
led to outright war within Europe, the Orthodox Church has
accepted the Roman practice of the veneration of icons of
Christ, the Virgin Mary and the saints,

The tensions between the Byzantine Patriarch and Em-
peror, the growing hatred of Rome for Constantinople, and the
influence of the East on the Orthodox faith have created a
veritable playground for the vampire lords of Europe. Cainites
have hidden many of their intrigues under the cover of the
schisms, promoting their own ends while disguised in the
trappings of religions. Certain Cainite elders whisper that the
iconoclast heresy grew not from a disagreement over the
images of God that could be venerated in Church, but from
mockeries of grace produced by Tzimisce craftsinen and in-
sinuated into the churches.

CHURCH AND STATE

Though the Popes claim full dominion over emperors and
all the acts of state, this power is often challenged by growing
national auchorley across Burape., Kings and emperors lave
their own agendas, which sometimes conflict with those of the
Church; indeed, there is an ongoing battle between the Holy
Roman Emperor and Pope over their respective authority.
This battle began with Emperor Henry III in 1046 and will
continue until the Concordat of Worms in 1122.

The power of the Popes is based on a document called
"The Donation of Constantine," in which the great emperor
willed his empire to the church. Secular circles hotly debate
the veracity of this document, especially as it was only pro-
duced by the Church centuries after Constantine's death. The
few vampires who have been able to enter the Vatican libraries
and study the document have claimed to sense an odd aura to
the document — a Lasombra elder of Venice has said it carries
the taint of the Malkavians, but the mad ones are not talking.

Whatever the truth, the Church has waxed strong, and
even emperotsind kings bow to the Pope. The Papal Seal,
which shows the crossed keys of Heaven and Hell, enforces the
will of the Church. A Pope is not only a prince, the lord of the
Papal States, but also carries the power of the Divine and can
either open the gates of Paradise or plunge the recalcitrant into
Perdition, It is through this final and absolute authority that
thepower of the Pope is held, like the Sword of Damocles, over
the heads of state.

Popes use this power'sparingly, for they do nor wait to
upset the dellcare halanceaf paweracross Burane—it'will be
centuries before the Borgia Popes play the games of princedom


and polities that bring the Church into so much disrepute and
lead to the sacking of Rome by Christians. The Church plays
the role of negotiator and diplomat, resolving conflicts be-
tween the emergent nations and sanctifying the marriages
that bind noble houses together. The treasury of the Holy See
is greater than that of any mere king, and the Church also acts
as banker to the powers of Europe, giving the Pope yet more
power over the world
More potent than this temporal power is the spiritual

might wielded by the Pope. A rebuke bearing the Papal Seal
would be enough to stop most kings, because such censure is
strengthened by the ultimate power of the Church. The Pope
(or a council of bishops acting ex cathedra) may declare
excommunication or anathema. Excommunication is a spiti-
tual and real exile from the Church, People, places, even
entire regions may be declared excommunicant, and once this
is done, no Christian may lifta finger to help the cursed ones

— indeed it becomes fully legal, almost a duty, to drive those
under sucha ban from Christian lands and seize their property

The ritual of excommunication also places the victim beyond
salvation; the excommunicant's soul is doomed to Hell and
there can be no redemption, even on the Day of Judgment
Worse sull is the judgment of anathema, which can be ma
uponan action or thing — once anathema is pronounced
Christian who uses the olyect or skill, goes to the place, or has
dealings with those so pronounced becomes immediately and
irrevocably excommunicant. The Church has pronounced as
anathema all dealing with the Devil and his minions, and this
includes vampires. Therefore, a revealed vampire curses not
only himself but also any estates or property he holds. The
Church has also declared all prophesying and necromaney
anathema, for its own reasons.

CRUSADES

The Church has turned its attention beyond the borders
of Christendom — the mission of the Earthly church is to
bringall peoplesinto the light ofdivine grace as taught by Jesus
Christ. Beyond the limits of Europe, the pagan lands seem
infinite, from the growing Muslim threat, to rumors of distant
Cathay and the Golden Horde. The impetus behind the
Crusades is therefore to extend the borders of Christendom
into these unknown lands, as well as to direct the military
might of the European princes toward outsiders rather than
squandering it in internal bickering. The vampire lords of
Jurope support this endeavor, for it brings them closer to the
ancestral lands of the Assamites and a chance at rooting out
their fortress of Alamut

The Crusades actually grew out of popular movements
within the war-torn states of Europe — holy men like Peter the
Hermit gathered people to their banners and led them to war
against the infidel, eventually gaining the respect and, more
importantly, the blessing of the Holy Father, As these bands
of crusaders traveled across Europe, they purged and pillage!

the domainsof resident intidels — Jews, pagans, and hereei

3

CHAPTI

R

FIVE

MATTERS OF FAITH


—on the road to Constantinople. These initial crusaders, not
being trained men of war, had little success in their venture;
after flooding across the straits of the Bosporus, they were
quickly massacred by Muslim forces. However, their doomed
action served to spur all of Christendom to war. Under the
auspices of the Church, the kings of Europe gathered, and
effective, armed expeditions were led into infidel lands.

The early Crusades were remarkably effective, serving
not only to penetrate deep into Muslim lands and reclaim the
Holy City of Jerusalem, but also to challenge the might of the
Orthodox Church and Byzantine Empire. The city of
Constantinople, most threatened by the Muslims, was forced
toaccede to the crusaders' travels through its territory, thereby
tacitly acknowledging that the might of Rome was unstop-
pable: The Crusadesalsoserved to unite the princes of Europe
under the banner of the Church, reinforcing the power of
Rome to make decision that could sway emperors. During
these heady nights, European vampiresswept into the Middle
East behind the mortal forces, establishing new territories and
sampling the delights of Eastern civilization.

However, in 1187, Saladin, Sultan of Egyptian territories,
reunited Islam and recaptured Jerusalem. Two years later, the
futile Third Crusade began, uniting Frederick Barbarosa,
Richard the Lionhearted, and Phillip Augustus (the rulers of
the Holy Roman Empire, England, and France respectively) to
reclaim Jerusalem. This crusade was the epitome of chivalry,
with Saladin and Richard being particularly praised in song
and story. However the action was futile and the power of
Christendom was broken against the rock of Islam. Many of
the new territories established by European vampires were
swept away as the Assamites reclaimed their lands. These
disenfranchised vampires lost not only their new territories
but the holdings they had neglected in Europe. Returning
home as vagabonds, many of these vampires have thrown in
their lot with the Furores or turned Autarkis. Just as many
failed crusaders have become condottieri, or bandits, so have
these vampires — secking to seize land to replace what they
have lost.

In a few years' time, in 1202, Pope Innocent III will
declare the Fourth Crusade, leading to the sack of
Constantinople by the crusading forces. This fiasco not only
breaks the power of the Eastern Empire, but alsoopensEasten
Europe to future invasions of Ottoman Turks. Following this
disaster, the eyes of Rome turn inward to the territories it
controls, and Crusades are launched within Europe — first
against the Cathari in southern France, then against the
Lapps, Latvians and Russians, as well as Orthodox sites in
Greece and Eastern Europe. The great success of these internal
Crusades is the reconquest of the Iberian Peninsula from the
Moors, but the curse of war takesa deep root in Europe, and the
next centuries are torn by continual wars and border disputes
among the kings of Christendom.

DARK AGES COMPHNION

Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, unmov-
able, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as
ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.

— 1 Corinthians 15:58

From humble monks to proud bishops, from the politics of
the cardinals in Rome to the battle-scarred knights of the
Crusades, the Church governs a multitude of people.

Monastic ORDERS CTHE
CHURCH SPIRITUAL)

Monasticism refers to the way of life adopted by those
individuals who have elected to pursue an ideal of perfection
or a higher level of religious experience. Monasticism em-
braces both the life of the hermit, characterized by varying
degrees of extreme solitude; and the life of the cenobite, the
monk living in a community. This rejection of the world
always entails asceticism, or the practice of disciplined self-
denial, which may include fasting, silence, a prohibition
against personal ownership and an acceptance of bodily dis:
comfort. Almost always it includes poverty, celibacy and
obedience to a spiritual leader. The goal of such practices is
usually a more intense relationship with God; some type of
personal enlightenment; or the service of God through prayer,
meditation, or good works such as teaching or nursing.

Christian monasticism grew out of two impulses separated
by the length of the continent. In the south, in the deserts of
Egypt, Syria and Cappadocia, men would go into the desert
and mountains alone and become hermits, or anchorites,
purifying their faith through the mortification of the flesh.
Saint Anthony the Great was connected with the first Egyp-
tian hermits; Saint Pachomius, with the first communities of
cenobites in Egypt; and Saint Basil the Great, bishop of
Caesarea, placed monasticism in an urban context by intro-
ducing charitable service as a work discipline. In the north,
holy men gathered together to protect themselves from the
wilderness and the barbarians and, more importantly, to form
a community in which faith might be kept strong and taught
to others.

The importance of the anchorites is that in their loneli-
ness they showed so great a purity of faith and purpose that
their example drew others into the fold. Though mocked by
the decadent and falling Roman world, these men of faith
displayed a simplicity of purpose that was compelling. It is sad
to relate that many anchorites met their end at the fangs of
vampires — their isolation meant they were beyond the
protection of society should their faith waver. The early Irish
monasteries were more important; not only did they preserve
much classical knowledge that was otherwise lost (for a time


the Irish universities were the greatest in all of Europe), but
they actively sent out missionaries to convert the rest of the
British Isles.

MONASTERIES IN THE DARK AGES

It was the example of these Irish monasteries, combined
with the discipline of the anchorites, that prompted powerful
Church lords to create monastic communities from the fourth
century onward. The organization of western monasticism is
due primarily to Saint Benedict of Nursia (sixth century),
whose Benedictine rule formed the basis of life in most
monastic communities until the 12th century. The early
monasteries were local affairs — part of no established order
—until recently; Rome has began to reorganize the monaster-
ies into monastic orders and regiment the lives of monks and
nuns. Among the principal monastic orders that are evolving
are the Carthusians and the Cistercians; the mendicant or-
ders, or friars — Dominicans, Franciscans, and Carmelites —
willarise inthe 13th century. With central control established
and Europe entering. time of prosperity, these new monaster-
ies will grow into huge concerns governing the lands around
them and rivaling the feudal lords in power. Monasteries
already have grown into vast fortresses, the largest supporting
thousands of people — from the monks and nuns, through
their servants, scholars and teachers in the great libraries, to
the warriors who protect them and enforce the Church's will.
Along with the cathedrals, abbeys and monasteries stand as
centers of the Church's will and influence, enforcing its power
and providing centers of faith and learning across Europe.

It should be noted that monasteries are not yet austere
institutions. They are not only centers of faith and scholar-
ship, butalso centers of community. Traders go to monasteries
to sell their goods, fairs take place in their precincts, and the
poor can go there for alms or healing. Many scions of the
nobility have entered monasteries; some have great reserves of
wealth and display an unholy opulence. Many monks of noble
background display too deep an interest in politicsand maneu-
ver with their neighbors for power and influence; also, some
noble sons have been sent into the monastic life to resolve
inheritances and never take seriously their role in the Church,
continuing to pursue lives of pleasure. The tise of these
"noble" monks has led to such scandals as abbots and abesses
owning brothels and hunting dogs or even selling their nov-

s into slavery. "

Whereas a monastery that was strong in faith and holi-
ness would be shunned by Cainites, these new monasteries run
by dissolute nobles provide excellent hunting grounds and
centers of political power. A surprising number of younger
vampires have moved from the traditional fortresses of their
elders into these new sites of trade and mortal life. As many
nobles deed land to the Church in exchange for assurances of
the afterlife, some of these monasteries rival the feudal lords in
power and provide'a springboard for ambitious Cainites to
advance in the Jyhad. A few monasteries have been turned

over to sin entirely by their undead masters — such scandals
will call down the might of the Inquisition upon many upstart

vampires.

Minirary OrberRs Crue
Cuyarcu MinitaNt)

Growing from the need to defend the borders of
Christendom (especially the newly reclaimed Holy Land) and
channel the warriors of Europe into Christian endeavors, the
Church has instituted several military orders of Christian
knights who combine the power of faith with that of arms. For
more information on religious military orders, see Chapter Six.

SICCARRI

The existence of the Siccarri, or "dagger-men," is one of
the great secrets of the Church, known only to the Pope and
select cardinals. The Siccarri, also known as Red Monks for its
members' customary garb, isan elite military force responsible
for directly enforcing the papal will in secret

The Siccarri was created in the early centuries of the
Church, drawing its membership from splinter Christian seets
that had not only learned wisdom from Gnostic philosophers
but also violently resisted persecution by the Roman Empire.
As Christianity united under Rome, these groups came to
gether and appealed to the Pope for their survival. A deal was
reached: The Siccarri could continue to practice their rituals,
but they would be subservient to the will of the Papacy. It is
said that Siccarri rituals purify the mind and body to create
unstoppable soldiers, though this is likely to be mere rumor.
Nevertheless, the group's list of successes is impressive

On the surface, Siccarti appear similar to other monks —
they take vows of chastity, obedience and poverty, relying on
the Church for their support. However, unlike monks, they
train in the arts of war, deception and assassination. They have
seldom taken to the field en masse asa military order, generally
preferring to work behind the scenes and pursue tactics of
terror against the enemies of the Church. They are used within
Europe tosuppress heresies, and entire villages have been razed
to the ground by their actions.

Recently they have suffered the one great setback in their
history. Following the crusaders into the East, they sought out
mortal assassins and their leader Hassan-i-Sabah — and found
instead the Assamite fortress of Alamut. Their forces were
destroyed, and this event is never spoken of in Rome. Rumors
have emerged from the secret places of the East; these rumors
state that not all of the Siccarri were killed, and that pale-
skinned Christian Assassins now stalk the borders of Europe.

Within Europe the Siccarri hold several citadels where
their forces are trained. Onc is in Rome, the others closer to the
borders of Christendom. They also maintain a network of
informers and safe houses across Europe allowing them to
know of important events before even the Holy Father. They


have refused to take action against the Cathari in southern
France,and the Pope fears that the seeds of rebellion have been
sown among his holy killers.

In truth the Red Monksare less loyal than the Pope would
hope. Many, remembering their origins, feel sympathy for
Gnostic heretics, and some cardinals have begun to speculate
that the Red Monks' principlesare too close to the Islamic idea
of submission to the divine will. Rumors state that Siccarri
rituals appeal to the infernal powers and that there is an
internal purge within the Siccarti to prevent the spread of
corruption.

OUTSIDE THE CHURCH ~
ESIES OF
THE Dark AGES

Then shall ilka wicked wight

On my left side for fearedness flee

This day their dooms have I dight

To ilka man as he hath served me
Tony Harrison, The Mysteries

For all its monolithic f , the Church is nor so secure
in its control as it believes.

The term "heresy" comes from the Greek word meaning
"to choose" and refers to the willful rejection of the Church's
doctrines. From its beginnings in the dying Roman Empire,
Christianity struggled with powerful religious movements —
like Gnosticism and Marcionitism — which were similar to it
in some respects but different in others. The result of these
early struggles was the emergence of the rule of faith, embodied
in what is now called the Apostles' Creed and enforced by the
will of Rome. Almost every line of this creed is directly aimed
at some important heresy.

After Christianity became the established religion of the
Roman Empire in the fourth century, the Roman emperors and
the bishops of the church frequently convened ecumenical
councils to resolve major doctrinal disputes. These councils
formulated orthodoxy and declared all other beliefs to be hereti-
cal. Penalties for heresy depend on specific instances; as the
Church can and will call upon the state to enforce Christian law,
they are often severe. Heretics risk exile and excommunication,
confiscation of property, loss of civil rights and death

The major heresies of the Dark Medieval world derive
from the remnants of the sects involved in these early battles
with the Church.

MANICHHEISM

Manichaeism is a Gnostic religion that originated in
Babylonia in the third century. Its founder was a Persian of
noble descent named Mani who received a special revelation
from God, according to which he was called to perfect the


incomplete religions founded by earlier prophets— Zoroaster,
Buddha and Christ. In approximately A.D. 242, he undertook
an extensive journey as an itinerant preacher, proclaiming
himself the Messenger of Truth. Traveling throughout the
Persian Empire and as far as India, he gathered a considerable
following. He met with increasing hostility from Zoroastrian
priests and was finally executed

The essence of Manichacism was the principle of absolute
dualism: the primal conflict between God, represented by
light and spirit; and Satan, represented by darkness and the
material world. Human beings, created by God, were divine in
spirit; however, they carried within them seeds of darkness,
sown by Satan, because of their material bodies. Salvation, as
taught by Mani, required liberating the seed of light, the soul,
from the material darkness in which it is trapped. This is
achieved by strict celibacy and ascetic practices. Those who
would become perfect are to set three "seals" on their lives: on
the mouth, to speak only truth and to abstain from meat or
impure food of any kind; on the hands, to refrain from war,
killing, or injuring life; on the breast, to render impossible the
works of the flesh. This triple seal applies only to the elect or
pure; hearers follow less demanding code. The imperfect are
destined to continual rebirth in a world of material bodies.

The Byzantine emperor Justinian issued an edict against
the Manichaeans which led to their destruction in about the
sixth century, although Manichean doctrines would reappear
in the teachings of the Bogomils, Albigenses, and other sects.
Manicheans' teachings are algo taken up and reversed by the
monk Procopius, founder of the Cainite heresy, which holds
that the indestructibility of the vampire form isa sign of divine
blessing. These corrupt Manicheans throw themselves into
the worship of vampires with a passion, spreading their faith
actoss Europe and deep within the Roman Church.

ALBIGENSES

The Albigenses are the members of a religious sect in
southern France. Their name is derived from the French town
of Albi, where they are centered. Similar groups in other parts
of Europe were called Cathari, meaning "pure ones."

Following the dualistic principles of Mani, Albigenses
consider the material world as evil — redemption means the
liberation of the soul from flesh. This leads them to condemn
marriage and sex; meat, milk, eggs, and other animal products
are also forbidden. They also reject the Church's teachings on
Purgatory and the sacraments because of the material ele-
ments involved. Their own sacrament, the consolamentum,
or baptism of the soul, is administered by laying on of hands.
Only the "perfect" (perfecti) receive it, and they are expected
to live by a rigorous ethical code. The majority of the sect
temains in the state of "believers" (credentes) and lives less
rigorously. The sect's efficient organization, with bishops and
clergy supported by the local nobility, helps it tosurvive and
gain power in the face of Rome's opposition.

Official countermeasures, such as the preaching efforts of
the Cistercians and Dominicans, or decrees of the Church,
have proved only partly effective. Throughout the 13th cen-
tury, the remnants of the Albigenses, together with other
Cathari and the Waldenses, will be the main targets of the
Inquisition.

The Cathari are particularly significant in the Dark Me-
dieval world because the crusade against them uncovers
evidence of vampirism and the Order of Hermes. Rumors that
the Albigensians were the guardians of a secret bloodline
descended from Christ are, in fact, corrupted revelations of
their protection of some of the last Salubri. When this fact is
realized, the Tremere enter the area in force to continue their
persecution of Saulot's childer, leading the Crusaders to un-
cover not only a Hermetic Chantry in the nearby mountains
but also many of the local Cainites. The Albigensian Crusade
can be said to be the beginning of the Church's direct war on
the supernatural.

‘WALDENSES

The Waldenses (Vaudois) trace their origins to the "poor
men of Lyon," founded by Peter Waldo, a wealthy Lyon
merchant who gave his goods to the poor and became a
traveling preacher in about 1173, advocating voluntary pov-
erty for the sake of Christ. He attracted a large following in
southern France and sought Papal recognition for his fellow-
ship. Instead, he was excommunicated for heresy in 1184,
Waldo's followers promote religious discipline and moral
rigor, and are intensely critical of unworthy clergy and the
abuses of the Church. In 1209, the crusade against the Cathari
will sweep up the Waldenses in its path — after the burning of
80 of their number at Strasbourg in 1211, the majority of them
will flee into the Alpine valleys in northern Italy to lead a
marginal existence. Here they are preyed upon by bandits and
harassed by the Inquisition.

THE INQUISITION

Generally neglected by historians, the Inquisition has a
far older history than is often revealed. The roots of the
Inquisition go back to the early centuries of the Church, soon
after Constantine's conversion, when it become necessary to
settle doctrinal disputes. These early "Roman Inquisitors"
were scholars and messengers who carried the papal word to
the fringes of Christendom. They acted as missionaries and
helped to forge the Christian empire. Following the actions of
Julian the Apostate they were given greater powers and al-
lowed armed escorts to protect themselves. In the dangerous
times of the Dark Ages, these escorts were further expanded,
and Inquisitors often traveled with members of the Siccarri
and the Simonites, an order of Christian mystics. Their mis-
sions became broader in scope, and some of these early
inquisitors acted on their own discretion against pagans and
heretics, using their own forces and those raised from local

MATTERS OF FAITH


lands to purge areas of taint, Some massacres have had to be
hidden in Church records, as more militant inquisitors have
taken their missions into pagan Lithuania and against the
Orthodox Church in the Balkans and the lands of Russia

Throughout the Dark Ages, inquisitors were given great
latitude in their operations. As the emerging feudal princes of
Europe became more secure in their power, the actions of the
Church were sometimes questioned, and in the 10th and Ith
centuries the Inquisition was primarily a passive force, spread
ing the word of the Church and will of the Pope but lacking the
power to enforce it. Part of this weakness was due to the deeds
of vampires, who feared the strong-arm actions of the Church
and wished to contain the threat of holiness

THe FaTare OF THE
INQUISITION

‘ollowing the continuing obduracy of the Cathars and
the beginning of the crusade against them, the Pope will
ngpowersand

officially create a new Inquisition with far-ra

the right to root out sin and heresy across Christendom. The
Simonites will he made subservient to this new powers its
members either leave the Church of go into hiding as mun
Jane priests and monks. In 1231, the Inquisition begins and

bringing Cainite affairs into the open and launebit

abour the extent af vampire s¢

Anatch Revolt; pagans and followers of old powers will be
attacked, beginning the Burning Times and the fall of the
Mythic Ages.

If anyone needs proof that supernatural forces do not
command humanity's destiny, this is it. The actions begun in
1231 will reverberate actoss Europe and into the New World,
Africa and Asia for the next six centuries — the Inquisition is
only formally dishanded in the 1880s. The Inquisition will
raise the level of human misery to new heights, trample many
hopes, and corrupt the Church itself. In 1197, no one can see
the storm on the horizon, but the old ways are about to be
swept away in a tide of blood and fire.

FAITH

True Faith is described in Vampire: The Dark Ages
(pages 236-239). Some furtherdetails on holy ground, miracles
and relics are offered here.

Hoty GRouND

One power of True Faith is the ability to sanctify an area.
This is most common in places associated with the beginnings
of that faith and seldom found in any recent structures, Many
sites in the Holy Land possess very strong Faith ratings, while
in Europe only the Vatican and a few dwindling pagan sites
possess any residual power

Holy ground works like Trae Barth, except thar it applies
irerand works passively. Rather than calling

1
only tenypeci

live power against an intruder, the holy ground "pulse

DARK AGES COMPANION

with power, making supernatural creatures uncomfortable and
possibly even damaging them should they continue to venture
forward.

Holy ground is rated ina similar way to the Faith Numina:

© Any supernatural creature attempting to trespass upon
holy ground must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to
proceed. Many old churches have this rating

#¢ The Disciplines of Auspex, Dominate and Presence
(or similar powets possessed by other Awakened creatures)
simply fail to work here. Any place associated with a saint or
similar holy person and at which worship is regularly con-
ducted has this rating.

eee All within the area s
whenever a vampire or infernal creature attempts to enter,
Any attempt at Obfuscate or Chimestry is at +1 difficulty.

ense something "unnatural"

Only places of great and active holiness have this rating

#666 No Disciplines (or other powers) that affect any-
one other than the being using them may be employed within
an area this holy

e008 Tocven enter sich a sanctified place, supernatu-
falereariires including ghouls) iiwierspenda Willpawerpoint
and continue to spend one point each scene or flee itv terror
Should they fail to pay this cost, they must make Stamina rolls
each round (difficuley of 5 + their own Tntelligence) or break
and flee

Should vampires or internal beasts spend any length of
time (over a day) in an area possessing holy status, they begin
tosuffer: Each day beyond the tirst that they remain, they suffer
a number of aggravated wounds equal to the area's Holy
Ground rating.

This is the matn reason that, forall che politicking that
goes on within the Church, few vampires dare to approach the
Pope directly. A trip within the Vatican isa distinctly unnerv-
ing experience for any such tainted being. It is rumored that
Clan Nosferatu knows of secret Roman ruins that extend
beneath the Vatican and are free of the presence of holiness.
If this is true, then that clan may have great access to the
secrets of the Church and its princes. It is said that, for an
exorbitant fee, they will lead travelers into the Vatican's secret
catacombs.

Miracies

Itisone of the great concerns of the Church in this period
that the age of miracles is done. Successive Popes have
declared that though, in the early days of the Church, God
vouchsafed miracles so that Christianity could spread across
the world, He has now withdrawn this sanction, forcing a pure
faith that does not require direct proof

As such, the fabled miracles of legend are seldom, if ever,

seen in the Dark Medieval world. The arising of a person of

true holiness who could wield the legendary powers of the
Divine should be the focus for a chronicle rather than limited

to astrict system


Minor miracles, however, are possible and, though more
reported than factual, do occur. Most of these are similar to the
stories of guardian angels and psychic experiences common in
the present day (for example, warnings about danger, a sense
of loss when a relative dies, and so forth). Such events are far
more common in rural areas than in the cosmopolitan cities.
Other common miracles include visions (which can spark off
Crusades and riots, but often lead to the heretic's stake,
notable examples including those of Peter the Hermit and
Joan of Arc); mysterious appearances and disappearances of
objectsand people; and proofs of faith, including stigmata and
bleeding statues.

Many such miracles are associated with the relics of saints
and other luminaries of the church. Most churches in Dark
Medieval Europe contain one or more such relics (which are
often fraudulent) and the clergy shows them to the people on
holy days. Such events inspire a great deal of pageantry and
celebration; at times, even the relics and statues of the saints
themselves are paraded through towns and villages.

The intercession of specific saints is best handled ina way
that seems appropriate to the legends surrounding them — for
example, St.Francis can be appealed to for protection from
Savage beasts, Asa general rule, roll a petitioner's Faith

Numina against a difficulty based on the impressiveness and

unlikeliness of the miracle. For example, a saint praying for
fain is likely to succeed, as this is a fairly mundane event

(unless he was in the middle of a desert), but asking God to
strike Paris as He did Sodom and Gomorrah is unlikely to
happen, even within the Dark Medieval world.

EGENDS AND
ABLES OF THE
CHURCH

Many tales in Medieval Europe relate to the Church.
Such stories range from accounts of local miracles, to suspi-
cions about the master architects of the Cathedrals.

THE WANDERING JEW

Itis said that Caiphas or Castaphilus, a Jew who was either
Pontius Pilate's doorkeeper or a humble carpenter along the
route of the Crucifixion, was cursed by Jesus to await His return
to the world, This humble and broken man wanders Europe,
awaiting the end of the world and bearing witness to the truth
of the Scriptures

He has been met by many famous men who bear witness
to his simple faith and the power of his words. No vampire is
known to have met this man, though the Cappadocians
fervently seek out rumors of his appearances. They wish not
only to question him about Christ, but also to wrest the secrets
of immortality from him.

CHAPTER FIVE: MATTERS OF FAITH


Pope JOAN

Though all discussion of this topic has been banned by
Rome, itis whispered that one of the ninth-century Popes was
a woman. Disguised as a man, she became the lover of many
cardinals, binding them to her secret and blackmailing them
into electing her Pope. Het reign was a short one, however, as
she died in childbirth during a processional between the
Vatican and other churches in Rome

Reports say her child was not human and spoke dark
prophecies before being killed by the shocked populace. This
is never spoken of in Rome, but no Pope will set foot on the
street where she died giving birth toa monster. The Nosferatu
of Rome, who might be expected toknow the truth of this tale,
stay silent on the issue. However, the Malkavians of the
Eternal City claim that the Nosferatu spirited the child away
and have raised him in the darkness of their catacombs. Those
who seek out the truth beneath the streets of Rome are turned
away, or destroyed should they press their inquiries too far.

PRreSTER JOHN

Beyond the borders of Christendom, there is said to be a
great and holy kingdom ruled by a Christian wizard of great
power. This is Prester John's kingdom, the great hope of the
Christian world andan illusion that has led many travelers to the

death in the wilderness, Prester John is said to have communi-
cated with Popes and emperors, either promising support in the
crusades or condemning the decadence of the European Church
No one knows the veracity of these claims, but travelers in
distant lands bring back stories ofa fabulous kingdom where gold
is as common as dirt and faith is true and pure.

Originally this kingdom was said to be beyond the steppes
of Russia, in distant Cathay, or on the borders of Arabia; with
the coming of the Golden Horde, though, its location is now
suspected to be in Africa, perhaps in Ethiopia.

Prester John's kingdom should remain an enigma in any
chronicle. As a fable, it possesses far greater impact than it
would should it be discovered.
John (whether real ot false) can be used to stir up Church
politics anywhere in Europe, Such emissaries should be myste-
rious and able to use strange powers to escape confrontations.

nissaries sent from Prester

The messages they carry should be cryptic, containing revela-
tions and prophecies. Characters could become embroiled
with such an emissary — especially if rumors spread concern-
ing a message which reveals the existence of Caine's childer
sent to the Pope. Ora vampiric messenger from Prester John's
kingdom could arrive carrying messages to the clans of Europe,
threatening war should they not accord with Prester John's
demands


THE CATHEDRAL BUILDERS

The magic of new cathedrals stuns the folk of Europe. The
dedication required to raise these massive structures to the
glory of God is a light to the faithful and a thorn in the side of
the faithless. There are rumors, though, that human skill and
simple devotion alone are not enough to build such marvels —
that the master architects (perhaps learning skills that have
been passed down since Solomon's Temple) call on infernal
power for aid.

Macic

The Church has had a problematic relationship to magic
throughout its history. The first heretic was Simon Magus,
who challenged St. Paul before the Emperor Nero toa contest
of magics, arguing that magic was a sword God had put into the
hands of the faithful. St. Paul condemned him for placing his
power above faith; when Simon tried to fly, St. Paul's faith
brought him crashing to the ground. However, Simon Magus'
argument carried much weight, and the early Christians
needed whatever power they could muster merely to survive,
Many early Popes practiced magic, and the Grimoire of Pope
Honorius is one of the greatest texts on high ritual magic
available in the Dark Medieval world. As the Church became
established it collected works of magic and prophecy from
across the Roman world, and Popes and cardinals studied
them for the truth they contained.

These scholars discovered many disturbing things — in
all the works of magic they found and in all the summonings
they attempted, there was little trace of the Divine. Spirits
from the world beyond seemed to know no more of God than
a peasant; magi could put miracles to shame while they cursed
God and all His works; the Jews used magics which could not
come from Christ; and in recent centuries, the Islamic world
has demonstrated that it too can produce magic and miracles.
The Church has condemned all these miracle-workers as tools
of Satan, just as they have condemned other pagan practices.
To this end the Church has divided magic into two categories:
goetia, which is magic approved of by Rome; and maleficium,
which is magic that comes from the Devil. Maleficium, includ-
ing such arts as necromancy and prophesy, has been declared
anathema because its use is so disturbing to faith. The so-
called natural sciences of alchemy, astrology and chirurgy
(which includes folk healing, herbalism and various mystical
formulas, as well as basic first aid and surgery) are broadly
accepted and dealt with on a case-by-case basis.

THE IACERIAN ORDER

Itisa lifetime's task to becomea member of the Simonites.
Children who seem different or strange are taken by monks
when they are young and bought to the colleges of Rome and
Ravenna. The selection is not infallible, and some children

yoare taken donot have the giftof magic — these are trained
as helpers to the White Monks, as their companions and

servants. The children who do possess the gift are trained
simultaneously as churchmen and magi. Some are limited in
ability and can learn only the most basic rituals; others have no
such limits and awaken into True Magick as their gift grows.

The White Monks are divided into different schools based
on their individual abilities. The lowest school is that of the
Vestamentari, "those who wear the robes," who can only support
the magic workings of others; next are the Exorcists, who possess
the Numina of Exorcism and can learn simple rituals; following
themare the Liturgists, who can use the full range of goetic ritual;
the Sanctified, who use high ceremonial magic; and, finally, the
Farae, "those who walk," who possess the full range of magics
available to those without True Magick.

Traut Maces AND WuitE Monks

Some of the children taken by the Church possess the gift
of True Magick. These children are taken by a group of magi
who keep thele existence secret even from the Pope. This
group isa loose affiliation of divinely inspired mages who work
to bring all humanity into the light of True Faith and the
worship of the One (a conglomerate ideal of the Divine).
These mages cross the lines of faith in medieval Europe; there
are agents among Muslims, Jews and even enlightened pagan
groups. Some of the children have a bias toward the Hermetic
Arts and are given to apprentice under allied Hermetic mages
who support the Church

For more details on mages and their role in these times, see
Mage: The Ascension and its supplements. If you do not have
these books, assume that the average holy mage has powers of
healing, divination, purification, and the ability tocallondivine
fire that inflicts unsoakable aggravated damage. The mage player
will have between three and five dice for these tasks.

THe Moors

Ar-ANDALUS

The first Muslim intrusion into the Iberian peninsula was
carried out under a commander named Tariq in 711. Tariq's
forces routed those of the Visigoth king Rodrigo at Guadelete,
and in 712 Muza ben-Nosair completed the destruction of the
Visigoth kingdom. At that moment, the southern half of the
Iberian peninsula (called al-Andalus by the conquerors) settled
in for centuries of occupation by those whom history would
come to call the Moors.

In reality, the so-called Moors were hardly a monolithic
culture. Almohads, Almoravids, Umayyids fleeing the Baghdad
caliphate, Hausa warriors serving under the Almoravids — all
of these and more helped comprise the Islamic presence in
Iberia, one which lasted in some form or other until the fall of
Granada in 1492

The Moorish culture in its various incarnations was in
many senses the most advanced civilization in the world
Within the boundaries of al-Andalus existed a golden age of

RS OF FAITH


learning, science, art, architecture and religious tolerance —
at least some of the time, However, it is undeniable that Iberia
under Moorish rule produced seminal works of art, scientific
knowledge and philosophy centuries ahead of the European
learning curve, anda startlingly peaceful coexistence of Mus-
lims, Jews and Christians, all under the aegis of those who bore
the word of the Prophet into Europe's westernmost lands.

Moors AND BERBERS

Many of the Muslims lumped in under the catchall
phrase "Moors" were in fact Berbers. Technically, the
term "Moor" referred only, tothe descendents of mar-
tiages between Berbers and native lberians. The term
was derived from the Latin word *Mauti," which was used
for the Berber inhabitants of Algeria and Morocco,

Pure-blooded Berber Cainites are likely to take
great offense if mistakenly identified as Moors. While
intermarriage between Muslims, Jews and Christians
was common and Moors in fact made up the vast
majority of the Islamic inhabitants of al-Andalus,
incorrectly identifying a pure-blooded Berber as
Moorish could be fatal

Muurary Matters

The pattem of investiture was repeated multiple times during
the Islamic period: Zealous religious conquerors invaded and
subdued the "decadent" inhabitants of al-Andalus ("the Para-
dise"), only to acclimate, assimilate and gradually sink toward that
same "decadence" themselves. Later variations on this theme
included having the fanatical newcomers invited in by their "soft"
Islamic brethren in order to fend off the encroaching Christian
kingdoms. Such invitations were not issued lightly, as the Islamic
rulers of the taifas (little kingdoms) recognized that their more
devout brethren would probably have little more sympathy for
them than for their Christian foes. Indeed, the poet-king of
Seville, al-Mutamid, bitterly remarked that "...faced with the
choice, I would rather drive the camels of the Almoravids than be
a swineherd among Christians," eloquently expressing the unpal-
atable nature of his choice. Inevitably, the disdain the newcomers
felt for those requesting theiraid neverlasted long. Even in the face
of the relentless Reconquista, the richness of al-Andalus seduced
even the fierce Almoravids to the point where their descendents
found themselves forced to turn tothe even moreascetic Almohads
for protection from the encroaching Christians.

A Brier TALE
OF CONQUESTS

While Tariq and ben-Nozair may have the first generals
of Islamic armies to conquer the Andalus, they were hardly the
last. Abd al-Rahman (1), fleeing the victorious Abbasids in
Baghdad, brought the tattered remnants of theruling Umayyad
family toal-Andalusin 755 and rapidly assumed control of the

5 COMPANION

region. He and his descendents, at first content to ignore and
be ignored by the usurpers in Baghdad, spent two centuries
embroiled in feuds and revolts. It wasn't until 928 that Abd al-
Rahman (III), having put down the Hafsunid revolt, assumed
the title of caliph that had once belonged to his ancestors. The
Cordoba Caliphate, though wracked with the usual dynastic
wars and baggage, survived as the political center of Muslim
Andalusia for a century.

However, as early as 718 (with the battle of Covadonga, a
minor skirmish that was blown out of proportion, held signifi-
cance only as the first time a Christian army won any sort of
victory against the invaders in Iberia, and spawned the epic Song
of Roland as a much-distorted account of the action) the Chris-
tian kingdoms of Léon, Castile, Navarre, Aragén and Catalonia
began the work of the Reconquista — the reconquest of the entire
peninsula. Furthermore, while the Caliphate may have rested at
Cordoba, the map of al-Andalus was a patchwork of taifas, the
equivalent of city-states that spent as much time warring among
themselvesias they did fighting the Christian enemy. In 1085, the
Christian armies recaptured Toledo, and the taifa kings found
themselves forced to ask for help from fellow Muslims

By this time, a group of Berbers, recent converts to Islam,
had acquired the name Almoravids (in Arabic, al-Murabirun,
Those Who Live in Religious Retreats) for themselves and
established themselves as the major military power in North
Africa. After much deliberation, al-Mutamid of Seville in-
vited the Almoravids into al-Andalus; as thanks for his pains
he and his wife were eventually exiled into poverty by those
whose held he had requested. Furthermore, while the
Almoravids under Yusuf ibn Tashafin were initially successful
at driving back the Christians, the Moorish army did not
consolidate its initial gains. Instead, a second campaign be-
came necessary, during the course of which ibn Tashafin seized
and consolidated Islamic territory as well as Christian. This
second assault was temporarily contained, if legend is to be
believed, through the efforts of a single man: El Cid.

Et Cip

While his very name, El Cid, is derived from the Arabic of
those he nominally opposed (sayyed, lord), the historical figure
Rodrigo Diaz de Bivar cannot be easily classified. Exiled from
Castile-Leon by Alfonso V1, de Bivar found himself atthe head of
a mercenary band that served Christians and Muslims alike.
Eventually de Bivar and his troop (heroes one and all, according to
the legends) found themselves facing and holding off the assaults
of ibn Tashafin's troops. By the time of his death in 1099, El Cid
had reconciled with Alfonso VI and held the lordship of Valencia.

The legends of El Cid, in the form of popular songs and
stories, began circulating not long after his death (and the
collapse of the defenses against the Almoravids, who went on
to sweep through all of what is now Portugal and southern
Spain). By 1197, highly organized song and myth cycles (the
Carmen Campidoctoris. and Cantar del mio Cid among them)
had begun the work of creating the myth of El Cid.


SONG AND STorY

Characters in Chi (3) in kirigdms bordering Moorish
ones —or in Christian gortmuiities in Moorish lands —

are likely to be inundaedtig tales'and stories of El Cid. The
i ¢ hero and his follow-
tolinez and others)

own. Characters in
{Gidgre common may meet
ievtnig to be El Cid's heirs,
et Pog mny ‘Ofeéiserves as

body of legendry sprou
ers (Alvar Hannez, Mj
is both extensive an
territory where thegtbties
bandit or meroénaty ba
and knowledge of the BU
a watchwottd for telling
The"valor, skitleand, and his
troops Wheresuich tltar many) it FVprs specu-
lated thatde Biyatand SSinpahy must be the ghouls of
some extragtdin ily potent vampite. However, while
this accusatién was néver pfoyen, itis kridwh conclu-
sively that dé Bivar rests peacefully in his tomb. Young
Lasombra, particularly those of Castilan heritage, are
often instructed to spend a night's vigil by the tomb, as
an exercise in self-discipline and courdge. Unfortu-
nately, the vigil:can be fraught with great peril should
a Lasombra with Moorish leanings learn of it

Within decades, the Almoravid rule fell into the same sort
of intrigue-ridden chaos that had heralded opportunity to the
local Christian kings, and soon the petty caliphs were calling for
the fanatical Almohads (Asserters of the Unity of God) tocome
and rescue them, even as their ancestors had "rescued" the taifas'
caliphs. Once again the holy warriors unified Muslim rule in al-
Andalus and pushed the Christians back, but this was to be the
last wave of Muslim intervention. Relentlessly, the Islamic
territory was squeezed until, in 1248, Seville fell to Christian
troops supported by the soldiers of the Islamic taifa of Granada,
which was to be the last stronghold of Islam in Iberia.

RELIGION

Religious life under the Islamic kings is often portrayed asa
harmonic convergence of Christianity, Judaism and Islam,
wherein all three faiths dwelled in perfect ecumenical balance.
The truth, as always, is a bit messier. While religious tolerance
was more or less common in al-Andalus, the levels of tolerance
tended to rise and fall depending upon which group was in
power, and how recently they had seized the reins of governance.
While the Cordoba caliphate produced notables such as Rabbi
Hasdai ibn Shaprut, who served as physician and vizier to the
caliphate, the Almohad incursion in 1147 provoked a mass
migration of Jews to Christian-held areas.

The religious landscape of al-Andalus was suitably compli-
cated. Among the elements of the mix were the long-standing
Jewish community, the Christian community of those Hispo-
Romans who refused to convert to Islam (called Mozarabs), the
Berber and Moorish Muslims, and Muwallads — Hispo-Romans

who converted to Islam. Jews and Mozarabs made up sizeable
minorities in even the most thoroughly Islamic of the Iberian
cities; Cordoba, Zaragoza, Seville and Granada all hosted large
mixed-religion populations.

Under the Umayyids, Jews and Christians held the status of
dhimmis — protected persons — and had many privileges, though
excessive taxes limited the abilities of non-Muslims to own land.
Still, a remarkable degree of religious tolerance existed, a toler-
ance that was only eaten away by repeated Berber incursions.

In truth, the Muslims' motives for not interfering in
conquered Christian and Jewish communities were as much
pragmatic as anything else; administering the conquered popu-
lation was simply beyond the conquerors' capacities. It was far
easier to let the Jews and Christians continue to manage
themselves, within certain limits.

The Jewish population assimilated and was accepted
more fully than the Mozarabs did; after all, there were no
Jewish kingdoms nibbling at the borders. Many Jews were
trilingual and served as accountants and administrators in
Islamic governments; a good number continued to hold those
positions under Christian rule as well, as knowledge of both
Arabic and Arabic-style mathematics were necessary for keep-
ing things running administratively. This is not to say that
there was no cooperation between Christians and Muslims in
al-Andalus; when Toledo was captured by. the Recongulsta in
1085, the entire Mozarab population spoke Arabic, and
churches graced the streets near mosques in Seville,

Furthermore, the Moorish conquest was not without its
ugly moments of religious strife. Cordoba, Zaragoza and other
major cities all saw mass attacks on the almajas, or Jews, Still,
for the most part the religious climate of the al-Andalus was
openand tolerant enough that Islam, Christianity and Judiasm
all more or less flourished.

r

BEHIND THE SCENES

or resulted from intellectual
Muslims, The work of Maif

lamic rulers of Spain and
however, would seem t

Pught among younger Cainites of

that elder vampires, for reasons of
their own, efiforeed the fragile peace. Speculation as to
why, however, runs dry. Some point to the scientific,
artistiand magical advances that resulted from the era
of réligious tolerance as being sufficient reason for the
truce's existence; others have less credible theories.


Three clans predominate in al-Andalus. Lasombra him:
self traveled widely in Africa, in addition to Embracing
frequently among the Hispo-Romans. Thus, the master of
shadows found his childer on both sides of the Reconquista —
a drama which would not play itself out fully for centuries,
until Lasombra had become ash and even the kingdom of
Granada was but a memory. In the meantime, the Magisters
play games with the Christian kingdoms and the taifa realms
alike. There is extensive communication and polite discourse
between Christian and Muslim Lasombra; current gossip has
it that the Lasombra have decided to support the Reconquista
en masse, and that they are merely using the taifa kingdoms as
training grounds for their youngsters

The Brujah first entered Iberia with Hannibal's troops, but

a new wave of migration came with the Almoravids, whose
origins lay close to the ruins of shattered Carthage. Concen:
trated primarily in Portugal, the Brujah would seem to be
interested primarily in preserving the religious detente of the
peninsula, even in the face of the Reconquista. Younger Brujah
often fight with the Alhomads and their allied Assamites, but
more outof dislike tor the encroaching Christians than ourofany
love far the retreating Muslims. Brujah, particularly survivors of
Carthage, are also heavily involved in the mystical Sufi [slam
movenent, though they leave the Kabbalistic schools of the Jews
to the few Cappadocians who have dared to travel this far

The Assamites are the third clan with a strong presence in
Iberia, and each of the great assaults on'al-Andalus has contained
any number of hashishin, 1
armiesas they settle in to the creature comforts of Iberia, however,
isless than pleasingto the Assamites, who despise members of the
devout who go "soft" or "native." As such, Assamites in Iberia are
busy propping up devout local rulers, countering the machina-
tions of the Lasombra wherever they find them, and encouraging
the lax among the faithful to correct their behaviors. An increas-
ing number, however, view the decadent Alhomads as a lost
cause, and as such are retreating into Northern Africa, where the
faith is purer and the Empire stronger.

PAGANISM
In wondrous beauty once again
Shall the golden tables stand mid the grass

Which the gods had owned in the days of old
from the Elder Edda, "The Wise Woman's Prophecy"

he inevitable softening of the mortal

By the end of the 12th century, the Catholic Church has
established its domination over most of Burope, but its reach
is neither universal nor are Christian clerics the only ones to
bear the title "priest." In the deep forests of Germany and
Eastern Europe, the icy dark of Scandinavia, the endless
steppes of Russia and the lonely places of Ireland and northern
Scotland, dwell enclaves of people who worship gods and

enact rites far older than Christianity. These are the pagans.


7 3
THe MEANING OF PAGANISM

The Latin word "pagus" refers to those who dwell in rural
places and, although it has come to apply to any non-Christian
religious belief, it more accurately describes the gods worshipped
by rural folk — the spirits of the earth and sky, the harvest,
celestial phenomena, and the forces of nature. Christianity
resulted in the removal of God from the natural world, placing
Him and His Son above and outside of creation. The emphasis
placed by the Church on the world ofthe spirit (as opposed to the
world of the flesh) left little room for those who venerated the
gods whose forms and essences emanated from nature.

The Church teaches that there is only one God, but pagans
believe otherwise, honoringa pantheon of deities. For them, the
God of the Christians may be only one among many gods, and
while He may determine the disposition of the soul after death,
other gods replenish the harvest, bring water to the fields and
wells, and ensure the safety of women in childbirth. Thus, while
they may not necessarily deny the reality of Christ, neither do
they accept Hinvas the only true god.

WHERE THE OLD Gops DWELL

Throughout the Dark Medieval world, pockets of pagan
ism still flourish, Although most worshippers of nature find
themselves forced intohiding— practicing theirrites in secret
orunder the guise of Christianity
the Church has yet to exercise its iron grip over the minds and
hearts of the people. Even in places which have been thor

afewpplacesremain where

oughly Christianized, the old gods still have followers who
remember how it used to be and who continue to maintain the
sacred places and practices that honor them.

THE Britisy [sues CENGLAND,
IRELAND, SCOTLAND AND WALES)

‘The Celtic pantheon revolves aroand the harvest year. The
iginal Celtic tribes who migrated froin France to the British Isles
considered themselves the children of Dana or Danu, the earth
mother, but also honored a host of gods and goddesses. Among
their deities are Bridget, the goddess of fire; Lugh, the god of arts
and skills; Manannan mac Lir, god of the sea; the Morrigan,
goddess of warand death and Cerunnos, the lord of animals. Often,
the worship of Bridget, Danu and the Morrigan took the form of
ceremonies venerating the three-fold goddess in her aspects of
Maid, Mother and Hag. In addition, numerous sacred places such
as wells, caves, hills and hot springs had their own local deities.
Pagan priests known as druids presided over the rituals
honoring these gods and goddesses, usually conductingelaborate
rites in sacred groves. Trees were holy to the druids, who
developed a runic script known as ogham (not to be confused
with the Lhiannan Discipline of the same name, though there
are certainly numerous parallels that may be drawn between the
two) based on the names of various trees.
‘our major festivals marked the changing of the seasons for
Celtic pagans. Samhain, held on the eve of October 31, marked
the beginning of the winter half of the year and the end of the

grazing season. Imbolc, celebrated on February 1, heralded the
change from winter tospring, the customary time for the birthing
of lambs. Beltaine, May I, ushered in the summer halfof the year
and honored fertility of all kinds. Lughnasadh, held on August 1,
honored the harvest and the strong light of summer.

The Roman invasion of Britain resulted in the wholesale
slaughter of the druids, whose leadership spearheaded the
resistance to the legions of the Empire. Until the 6th century,
however, druids still prevailed in Ireland, which the Romans
failed to conquer. The coming of Christianity to Ireland,
however, ended the reign of these priest/lawgivers.

The worship of the Celtic gods did not perish with the last
druid. Instead, it went underground. The people who once
worshipped Brigid, the goddess of fire, now venerated St
Briget, while Danu, the earth goddess, became in their min |s
synonymous with Mary, the mother of Christ.

By the 12th century, Christianity has established a fire
base in the British Isles. Nevertheless, many pagans still
practice their rites in secret while paying lip service to the
customs and rituals of the Church.

FRANC

The Gallic Celts, who remained in France and Brittany, also
worshipped a triple goddess. In addition, these pagans venerated
many deities associated with animals. Epona, the horse goddess,
proved so popular that many Roman cavalry officers adopted her
worship and brought it to other places throughout the Romer
Empire. Other animal deities included Arduina (wild boar),
Nehalennia (dogs), Artio (bears) and Damona (cattle)

Throughout Brittany, elderly women called Fatuae in-
structed younger women in the ways of divination and
shamanism at shrines, usually centered upon sacred wells.
Women usually held honored positions in France and Brit
tany, serving as healers and seers.

Christianity came early to this region of Europe, and the
Church worked hard to convert the local pagans, enacting
laws forbidding pagan practices such as the ritual consumption
of horseflesh, part of the rites of the cult of Epona, and
outlawing participation in pagan funeral ceremonies. Where
they could not prevent certain customs, such as harvest and
lambing festivals, the Church incorporated these celebrations
into their calendar, giving them a Christian gloss. Holy wells
were still sought out for their healing properties, but now they
were sacred to St. Anne or the Virgin Mary, rather than the
original pagan goddesses once venerated there.

SCANDINAVIA

TheNorse pantheon included two familiesof gods, the Aesie
and the Vanir. Odin Allfather, the god of battle, ruled over the
Aesir, a contentious and warlike family of deities. Among these
were Thor, the god of thunder; Baldur, the god of beauty and
rebirth; Tyr, the god of justice; Heimdall, god of dawn and the
waters; Loki, the god of mischief; Frigga, poxdess of fertility and
Idun, goddess of youth. The Vanir consisted of Frey; od of rain

CHAPTER FIVE: MATTERS OF FAITH


and harvests; Freya, goddess of fertility and the noble dead; Njord,
god of the seas and the wind; Nerthus, the earth mother and other
deities of growth and healing. Less bellicose than the Aesir, the
Vanir represented the gentler aspects of nature, although they,
too, could be moved to anger and spitefulness. In addition, the
people of northemmost Europe also venerated the Norms, the
three goddesses of fate. Urd governed the past; Verdandi ruled
the present; and Skuld, presided over the future. Like the trio of
Greek Fates, the Noms were weavers, whose web contained all
the threads — or wyrds — of humanity in its intricate designs.
Like the gods of the Celts, many of the Norse deities had an
affinity with nature or natural phenomena, and their priests exer-
cised a great deal of influence over the tribal chiefs. Holy women
frequently served asseersamong many Scandinavian and Icelandic
tribes. Entering a trance, these priestesses sat upon raised thrones
from which they would prophesy, often in the form of a series of
questions and answers. Norse cultures also embraced the practice
of magic, though the exercise of personal (as opposed to divine)
power was carefully regulated and its abuse harshly punished.
Christianity came relatively late to the cold regions north
many. The warlike raiding tribes that inhabited those
ngiving lands proved difficult to convert. The followers of
Olin (or Woran) had little use for the priests of a God who
preached sub:nission and repentance. By the 10th century,
das far north as parts of
and their
were the last of the

ever, Christianity had move
Norway

and the followers of the "white Christ

Germante cultures to adope Christianity as their official faith.

Even when many of the Norse tribes converted, their
worship of Christ still retained vestiges of their old customs
Festivals such as Summer's Day and Winter's Day survived in
the celebrations of Easter and Christmas. Choral songs that
formerly celebrated the changing of the seasons evolved into
Christianized "carols." Images of Christian saints replaced
pagan statues in shrines, thus legitimizing the continued
veneration of many of the Aesir and Vanir under new names
In this fashion, Freya assumed the identity of Mary, the
mother of God, retaining her nature as the patron of fertility.
Baldur became St. Michael, the beautiful archangel and leader
of the armies of heaven, while Thor adopted the guise of St
Olaf. By adopting the outward appearance of Christianity,
many Norse pagans persisted in the clandestine worship of the
old gods, now transformed into saints.

Tue Batric REGION

The area which includes Old Prussia, Lithuania, Livonia
and southern Estonia worshipped a pantheon which included
the sun-goddess Saule, the moon-god Mehnesis, and a host of
other deities. Among these were Austrine, the morning and
evening star, Perkunas, the god of thunder, Lytuvonis, the rain
god, and Zemyna, the goddess of the earth and the ruler of the
dead. Theirs was an animistic worship which looked down on
the exploitation of animals and honored the spirits of sacred
trees as reincarnated spirits of the dead.

DARK AGES COMPANION

The pagans of the Baltic lands celebrated a midwinter's
festival called Kaledos, which involved burning the Blukis (the
equivalent of the Yule log), masquerading as animals and
feasting on toast pork. At the midsummer festival, Ligo,
worshippers lita bonfire atop a pole located at the crest of ahill
or on a mountainside, thus commemorating the World Tree.
Singing and dancing accompanied a feast of cheese and mead

Although larger villages sometimes contained temples to
these deities, most worshipers held their rites at outdoor
shrines throughout the countryside. These sacred places, called
Alkas, consisted of groves of trees protected from cutting,
special fields that were left fallow, and wells where sacred fish
were kept. Like the Celtic druids, Baltic pagans venerated
certain trees as sacred to particular gods; the linden tree
belonged to Laima, the goddess of life, while the elder (or
alder) tree served asa shrine to Puskaitis, the god of the faeries
and other spirits of the "Underworld."

The Lithuanians and Livonians, among other Baltic
tribes, honored Pergrubius, god of growing things, in a spring
celebration similar to the Green Man festival of the British
Isles. The feast of Zazinck marked the start of the harvest while

) Zinck commemorated harvest's end. A special festival
Vaizgautis, celebrated the flax harvest, considered sacred to

Saute, the sun.

Baltic pagans, most of them peasant farmets,

laspecial
levotion to Zemyna, the earth mother, and regularly demon:
strated their veneration of her in their daily routine. Before

ning work or going to bed, many pagans would kiss the
ground. Striking the earth in anger or spitting upon her
constituted sacrilege.

Here, the Christian Church met with little success in
spreading its blanket of faith over the indigenous religion of
the people. The Kingdom of Lithuania grew up around the
need to resist the advances of the militant orders of the Church
which besieged them from one side and the invading hordes of
Tartars from the Russian steppes. This is perhaps the one spot
in all of Europe, in the Dark Medieval setting, where non-
Christian polytheists are able to worship without fear of
reprisal or persecution. (Of course, they must adopt the state
gods in order to do so.)

FINLAND AND LAPPLAND

The pagans who resided in the cold, dark regions of
northernmost Europe, near the Arctic Circle, belonged to a
linguistically separate group from their Indo-European neigh-
bors. The Finno-Ugrians (Finns, Laplanders, and norther
Estonians) of the icy tundras honored their own deities, who
mirrored the harsh, forbidding lands of lightless winters and
summers without night. Finnish pagans worshiped Akko, ruler
of the gods; his consort Akka, goddess of fertility and the
harvest and Jumala, the sky god. The Saami, or Laplanders,
honored [hmnel, goa of the sky; Horagalles, the god of thunder;
Pieve, the sun goxkless; Mano, the moon god and Leih-Olinai,


Ancestor-worship and practices to honor nature spirits
occupied a central place in Finnish and Lappish paganism. The
Saami venerated a "family" of ancestral spirits which consisted
of Radien-ahttje (the father), Radien-akka (the mother), Radien-
pardne (the son) and Rana-neida (the daughter).

The priests and priestesses of the Finns and the Saami
were often shamans who knew the secrets of traveling between
the worlds, entering sacred trances to free their spirits for
mystical journeys in search of knowledge to help their tribes
These shamans also practiced healing and weather magic
Bear cults also proliferated among the nomadic hunter-gath
erer tribes of the region

Funerals among the Estonians, in particular, were lavish
ceremonies involving long wakes during which relatives and
friends gathered for feasting and games to commemorate the
deceased, whose ice-packed corpse rested in its home until the
time for its cremation. Burning a corpse, rather than burying
it, prevented the spirit from remaining bound to its earthly
body, thus enabling it to journey quickly to the land beyond
the "hill of heaven" (the sky)

Although Christianity has made some inroads in this region
during the 12th century, many tribes continue to resist conver.
sion. Often, pagans practice a dual faith, adopting Christian rites

when necessary but continuing te venerate their ancient gods

Tl rae - rit

lupt fort ein Met { tands

Russi AND THE BALKAN PENINSCLA

The gods worshipped in Easter Europe and Russia, al
the shores of the Black Sea and as far west as the Ukraine.
included deities that resembled those of their Baltic neighbors as
well as the early Greeks and Persians whose settlements once
extended into that region. The Slavs and Russians honored
Svarog, the sky god Svarogitch, the goof fire orthe sun; Bielbog
and Tschemobog, twin gods of good and evil (or light and
darkness) and Jarovit, the god of war, as well as gods of the winds,
seasons, ancestors, and other aspects of nature and culture. In
addition, they honored the Zorya, triple goddesses of dawn, dusk
and midnight. The Slovaks worshipped Praboh assupreme deity;

Zivena as goddess of life; Morena as goukd

goxidess of agriculture; Ladaas goddess of beauty and Paromas the
god of thunder. In addition, there were other local deities
peculiar to certain small groups or tied to particular holy places

All of these cultures recognized the warring duality of light and
darkness or good and evil. Among the Slovakians, the Bieloknaz

White Priests, served the god

flight. Their counterparts, the Black

Priests, practiced sorcerous magic in obedience to the gods of
lance. Inf

including th

darkness. Both were h artof the eternal hal

the volkhu, or shaman, had power

leshy or tree-spirits idanyoi (malici

er the local spiri

In this reg astern Ortho

hristian fait 1 the invol

litics and the existe


made up of pagans resulted in the outlawing of paganism
brought about by the triumph of Prince Vladimir in the early
11th century, Orthodox churches replaced pagan sites and
statues of the gods were publicly flogged before they were
destroyed. Within the vast forests and expansive tundra of
Eastern Europe and Russia, however, pagan enclaves still
persist, although their worship has now become denigrated to
the status of superstition and folk customs.

Russia's DARK GopDESS

Worshiped throughout Russia as the goddess ofdeath
and the dead, thy Cainite Baba Yaga
occupies a cet ‘of Russian pagans.

Ca the Little Grand-
mother" Geuphemisticattyr ih wells ina
magical igh walks about off huge chicken legs. A
fence of skulsipd bones surrounds her hayeht"As part of
the pantheogtuf the g e gods of darkness, Baba Yaga identifies
herself with dyé Russian earth and viciously ‘opposes the
forces of Christianity — closely allied with the light —
attempting to subdue her homeland.

Although her influence wanes as the fortunes of
Christianity rise in Eastern Europe, tales of het fierce and
often brutal protectiveness continue to instill righteou:
among the Cofinion people of Russia, At the same time as
they fear her, however, many Russian peasants believe that
so long as Baba Yaga still moves within the darkness, their
land will never completely forget her ancient gods.

THE OLD RELIGION

Although pagan practices differ from region to region
throughout Europe, a few general ideas permeate almost all
non-Christian, polytheistic faiths. The cycles of nature are
central to pagan worship, and the mysteries of birth and death
are seen as part of this endless process of emergence and return.
While some pagan religions have a primary male deity, as
many honor a female goddess as central to their belief. In any
case, most pagan religions accord women (and female deities)
a higher position in their hierarchy than does Christianity,

In the Dark Medieval world, paganism survives in many
guises and under many names, but most people who know of
its existence refer to paganism as "the old religion." Its contin-
ued appeal to the farmers and peasants of Europe liesin the fact
that paganism is a practical religion, giving the people what
they need to understand the world and survive itshardships. It
has developed from the lives of the people and their interac-
tions with the natural world and, since it addresses these
concerns, it continues to have meaning and import for the
peasantry.

Regardless of their location, most pagan religions follow
similar practices. Recurring deities (though with different
names) are found among Celts, Norse, Slavs and Balts. This is

DARK AGES COMPANION


due both to the widespread migration of early tribes through-
out Europe, bringing their gods with them to their new homes
and assimilating the existing gods of the people they encoun-
ter, and to the relevance of paganism to the lives of the
common folk, whose needs and concerns remain the same
cdless of where they live. Farmers concerned with the
planting and harvesting of crops honor the patrons of the
seasons. Women anxious to bear healthy children look to
goddesses of fertility and childbirth for succor and good
fortune. The spirits of the dead require guides to convey them
to the Otherworld and to prevent them from haunting the
living. Although the names by which these gods and goddesses
are addressed may differ from culture to culture, the aspects of
life and death that they represent remain universal.
Followers of the old religion tend to behave in ways that
differentiate them from non-pagans, including Christians, Jews
and Muslims. Because they place so much emphasis on this
world, rather than the next, pagans are often prone to boasting
of their prowess, indulging in feats of drinking and feasting to
celebrate their bounty, and dressing in elaborate, beautifully
adored clothing for festivals. Like their heroes, Cu Chulainn,
Siegfried, Beowulf and other larger-than-life folk legends, they
act impulsively, often becoming quarrelsome and contentious
when slighted or when their courage is doubted. The qualities
which paganism values in its worshippers — loyalty, bravery,
toughness, endurance, fighting skill, willingness to die and, over
all else, a passion for living — are downplayed by Christianity.
The medieval Church, with its emphasis on preparation for the
afterlife, places more importance on the passive virtues of
meekness, self-denial and abstainence from worldly pleasures.
The actual religious practices of paganism concern them-
selves with rituals to aid in battle, childbirth, or the harvest.
Divination by various means, such as reading the entrails of
animals or interpreting the movements of birds, clouds, fire and
water, playa large role in the old religion, as those who know the
future can plan for it. Pagans rely on their gods and goddesses to
guide them, protect them from natural disasters, foes or terrifying
monsters and bring them prosperity and luck. Because they
honor both male and female aspects of nature, most pagan
religions give equal or near equal status to women, who act as
priestesses, hold land, fight in battles (and sometimes lead the
armies) and participate in most political and social arenas.
Sacrifices to the gods consist of offerings thrown in water,
laid to rest in tombs, lobbed into peat bogs, or hung on trees.
Most often, bread, meat, beer, fabrics, jewelry, weapons,
pottery, oil or other valuable items form the sacrificial gift.
Animals provide the most common living sacrifice (usually
coupled with a feast in which the part of the beast not given
tothe god is consumed by the worshipers), but in times of great
need, human sacrifices take the place of animal offerings. In
most cases, these victimsare either criminals or else are chosen
by lottery. In extreme circumstances, important leaders may
sacrifice themselves to emphasize just how great the desire is
for divine intervention

Places holy to the old religion include rocks and hills, burial
mounds, volcanicclefts, fields, waterfalls, strangely shaped stones,
sacred groves, forest clearings, open hilltops, places alongside
springs o lakes, islands, and, in general, any area that is outside
of and somehow set apart from the daily world. In these places,
the sacred can manifest itself. Many of these sites also function
as safe havens, for violence within their confines is not permit-
ted, Burial mounds are considered sacred because of the belief
that the dead act as emissaries to the gods. Priests and lawgivers
enact their rulings within holy ground so the gods will help men
choose wisely in governing their lives. Feasts, on the other hand,
take place nearby rather than in these holy places.

Buysiumi THE SACRED HAVEN

<TheCainire practice of forbidding violence within
Eh sium ‘shares \its origin with the pagan custom of
protecting important places from worldly or temporal
coneemns, Cainites who were pagans before their Em-
brace Understand the need for places of neutrality,
exempt from the petty rivalries that so often occupy the
attention of the undead. During the height of Greek and
Roman civilization, Elysiums existed in the major popu-
lation centers of these cultures, Although such neutral
ground is difficult. to find in the Dark Medieval setting,
some Cainites, still faidnage to uphold the‘cuscom.of
designating certain secular buildingsor, in warmerelimes,
outdoor plazas as places of respite and sanctuaty.

Pagans hold their rites of worship in a specifically defined
place, using a ditch, a grove of trees or a ring of stones to set it
apart from the everyday world, but usually not enclosing or
walling in their "temple." Inside that place reside representa-
tions of the gods such as statues or rocks carved with faces or
symbols and a hearth on which sacrifices can be offered.

Often a special stone, carved or uncarved, marks the center
ofapagan shrine, tosymbolize the center of the earth. Such stones,
like the Lia Fail of Tara, might also serve asa focus for kingmaking
ceremonies. The one who would lead the tribe would swear to
protect the stone —and, by extension, those whose center itis. In
otherareas, there might standa central tree, symbolizing Ygedrasil,
the center of the cosmos. For pagans, the whole idea of a blood
sacrifice serves to open communications between the community
and the gods, letting the gods realize the seriousness of the
situation through seeing the spilling of lifeblood. In times of
sacrifice, the animal or person offered might be ritually slain upon.
the stone or hung from the tree. Sunk deep into the earth, tree and
rock both touch the four major elements, earth and air, water
(through rain or the tree's roots) and fire (since it was thought that
lightning was attracted to both stones and trees).

Water, as well, holds a special meaning for pagans. Seers
and priests frequently use wells, springs, lakes or any form of
deep water as an aid to divination. Drinking the water of these


windows into the future provides inspiration, like a draught of
pure, fresh thought. Certain springs are revered for their
healing qualities

CurISTIANIZING THE PAGANS

With the coronation of Charlemagne in 800, Christian:
ity became inextricably wedded to the political restructuring
of Europe along national lines. As the new "Holy Roman
Empire" sought to bring the various tribes of Europe under its
banner, the Christian religion became a weapon in the hands
of political leaders. By the end of the 12th century, most
European rulers subscribed to the Church and forced their
Peasants into conversion, calling pagans devil worshipers and
identifying them as dangers to their authority. Following
practices as old as (if let than) the Roman Empite,
which also required the acknowledgement of an official reli
gion, the Christian kings of Europe insisted on religious
uniformity as a means to political unity

Believing that they possessed a mandate from both spiti
tual and temporal authority, zealotsamong the Church sought
anluously co erad mn by any means possible — by
eutting down sacred groves, tearing sacred stones from the
ground, and taking over lands and planting monasteries atop
former sites of worship. The patriarchal struc
who found themselves berett of many of their for

Where they were unable to eradicate all v
worship, the lev Ja mi
coopting local heathen rites and giving them the sanction of
Christianity. Thus, the old spring rites of Beltaine in celebra
tion of the eternal maiden became transformed into a feast
honoring the Virgin Mary, while the Norse wheel of light
evolved into the four-candled Advent wreath heralding the
onset of the Christmas season. Likewise, pagan gods and
goddesses acquired the status of "saints," thus enabling the
peasantry Co continue their veneration without "worshiping"
fake gods. For some, this was enough. Others, however, felt
differently about having their worship proscribed and de-
clared anathema. Many staunch pagans took their worship
underground.

Tue Survivat or Witcx Carrs

Despite the overwhelming presence of the Church, many
pockets of paganism stil flourish in the Dark Medieval world
Mast commonly, small groups of people gather together in
what the Church terms *witch cults." These groups usually
focus around a woman versed in pagan lore. In an earlier time,
she would have been considered a priestess, wise women,
healer or seer

Calling themselves wiccans (or "the wise"), these follow
ersof the old religion representa threat both to the patriarchy
of the Church and to the emerging political kingdoms. Tem:
poralandspiritual powerun


represent the loss of wealth and power to both Church and
prince. Further, itis in the Church's best interests to reserve
miracles for themselves; they want the people to look to them
for healing, forgiveness and spiritual fulfillment. Because
many pagans are well-versed in folk remedy, midwifery and
occult lore, the church cannot allow these herbal healers to
make folks well without appealing to Christ to cure them.

Since the Church stands as the ultimate authority over
the distinction between the "miraculous" and the "demonic,"
they brand the wiccans as "witches" — feared traffickers with
demons —and claim that these foul creatures fly through the
air for trysts with Satan and call down curses upon good
Christian folk. Paganism, in its formas a witch cult, devolves
in the eyes of the Church from being a deviant religion, the
practitioners of which need to be led to the light of Christ, to
aninfernal sect full of heretical minions of evil whoneed tobe
eradicated by all right-thinking folk. Though wide-scale hang-
ings and burnings will be more prevalent in the future, many
wiccans are persecuted, driven from their homes, killed ot
locked within monasteries. That theit lands (if they own any)
and property are forfeit to Church or state is an incidental,
though profitable, consequence to the ruling powers

Despite their treatment, many members of these witch
cults of wicean groups never desert the old religion. Inside
hidden caves, beside sacred pools, atop mountains, of within
deeply hidden forest clearings, the old rites are still practiced
Maiden and com king consummate theie eternal dance, the
stag king challenges the hero, the mother bears the king-who-
will-be and the crone buries the old one.

PAGAN PRACTICES IN
MEbIEVAL Europe

Being a practicing pagan is dangerous, and pagans insis-
tent on continuing to adhere to their beliefs take care not to
draw untoward attention to themselves of unwittingly betray
their existence to those who might report their activities to
the local priest. Recognition signs, such as hand gestures
invoking the horned god Cerunnos (using the thumb and
litele finger) or the three-fold goddess Dana (using the three
middle fingers), serve to identify pagans to one another.
Occasionally, the lintels of houses will bear some discreet
symbol indicating that its residents follow the old religion: a
sheaf of wheat, an iron horse shoe (in honor of Epona, the
horse goddess) or a clump of three-leafed clovers, for example.

Many pagan ritestake place under thenose ofthe Church,
making use of the similarities in time between the liturgical
festivals and feasts honoring pagan deities. The four great
pagancelebrationsof Sarahain, Imbolc, Beltaine and Lughnasa
(or their equivalents) provide greater challenges, for these
usually include practices frowned upon by the Church. Only
inthe most remote places, fr from the prying eyesof Christian
neighbors, do followers of the old religion dare to light the
Beliaine fires and engage in the joyous couplings that take

place in the glow of its dying embers, The rites of Samh:
likewise, occur in secret using the feast of All S
shroud for the ceremonies that honor the dead.

Most often, however, the practice of paganism pertains to
daily life, Villagers who hold to the old religion seek out wise
women and herbal healers for potions, salves, amulets and
other assistance for everything from curing boils and easing or
preventing childbirth to obtaining wealth or love, Many
households set aside a portion of theit foodstores as gifts to the
gods of the harvest, either burying them in the ground,
throwing them in a pond or burning them in the hearth.
Sometimes these sacrifices are given instead to the local pagan.
priest of priestess as payment for the vital services rendered.

The fear of discovery hangs over the head of every
practitioner of the old religion. When members of a pagan
‘group uncover a traitor among them or sniff out a nonmember
who knows their greatest secret, swift and uncompromising
action usually follows, sometimes in the form of a sacrifice,
with the potential beteayer as the victim
PAGANS AND CAINITES

Relations between pagans and Cainit
to place, ranging from open hostility to
All pagans have a profound respect for the dead, honoring
them at Samhain, and seeking to peopitiate th
possible. Nevertheless, the presence of the walking dead
strikes most pagansasan affront to nature and an interruption
inthe grand cycle of life, death and rebirth that formsthe heart
‘of most pagan religions

On the other hand, some Cainites share the same resent
ment of the Church as followers of the old religion and
occasional alliances form between pagan villages and their
anti-Christian Cainite protector. Although anumberofCainite
clans (notably the Lasombra, Toreador and Ventrue) have
concentrated their efforts on gaining power ovet Church and
state, most Cainites respect pagans and their beliefs. Many
Cainites were, themselves, practicing pagans during their
mortal livesandhave as much difficulty (ifnot mote) adjusting
tothe upstart Christian monopoly as their herds. Throughout
Europe, but especially in Ireland, Scotland and Wales, the
Gangre! most often find themselves in sympathy with local
enclaves of pagans, who share with them acloseness tonatute.

In Eastern Europe, where the Tzimisce exercise their bloody
hold over a cowering populace, some Cainites form the center of
pagan cults devoted to the dark gods (as opposed to the gods of
light). Entire villages in the Carpathians or deep within the
Kingdom of Lithuania find that their "gods" have assumed physi-
calreality and walk among them by night. Many Eastem European,
Gangrel and Ravnos have an affinity for pagans, sceing in them a
handier spirie than in thele pallid Christian counterparts.

For the most part, however, pagans fear those who refuse

Jic, whether they call them eampyr of by some other name

Persecuted by a Church that refuses toreec

Sasa

differ from place

pus cooperation.

n whenever

theirconvic


tions and outlaws their practices, they often stand alone and
unprotected against the lords of darkness who demand blood
sacrifice with more regularity than any of their gods or god:
desses ever did. At the same time, pagans are often better
prepared than Christians to deal with Cainites, since theit folk
wisdom contains many methods for protecting themselves
from the undead. The widespread pagan practice of eremating
the dead, as opposed to interring them in the ground or in
elaborate crypts, servesas one means of making certain that a
beloved relative will not return as one of the walking dead.

Pacan Catt: S pout Merit)

You have managed to acquire a following of pagan
worshippers who believe that you are the personification
‘of one of their deities. More than simply a herd from which
you can feed, these devoted followers can also perform a
variety of services for you, fom administering your lands
during the day to procuring vessels to satisfy your hunge
Inonder to ensure their devotion, however, you must make
‘pearances to yout priests so that their faith in you
ves unabated. [n all likelihood, you have assumed
the identity ofa local death god or war deity, w!

regular
conti

> requires
regular sacrifices of blood. You have likely created ghouls

from your most fervent cultists, thus assuring yourself of a

loyal cadre of protectors during daylight houts. ]

Tre

Like their Christian neighbors, some pagans possess a
strength of belief that serves them asa shield against Cainites
and their predations. Especially effective against Cainites who
themselves once practiced the old religion or who still hold to
many of its beliefs, True Faith can protect those pagans who
possess it from Cainite intrusion or control. Cainites who fear
the judgment of Odin or Thor and tremble at the thought of
Lugh's shining weath will react to a symbol of these gods even
if the power of a crucifix leaves them untouched.

True Faith works in the same fashion for pagansas the True
Faith of Christians, Jews or Muslims (see Vampire: The Dark
Ages). Itdiffes only in the trappings used to enact it. With this
form of Numina, devout pagans can keep Cainites atadistance,
make themselves immune to Cainite Dominate or Presence,
sense the presence of the undead or even cause a Cainite to flee
in terror. Pagan priests who possess True Faith can also place
protections around sacred places such as groves, stone rings or
pools of water, preventing Cainites from setting foot on this
"holy ground." In Eastern Europe, pagans with True Faith may
very well be able ro use garlic asa ward against Cainites (though
itisactually the Fath, not the garlic, which repels the vampire).

PAGAN Macic

Ritual magic performed by pagan priests (or druids or
witches) constitutes form of hedge magic, Most individuals
capable of producing real effects through the use of rituals and

DARK AGES COMPANION

prayers to pagan deities are, in some cases, potential but
uuntaught practitioners of True Magick. In other cases, they are
simply people whose faith is strong enough that they are able
to tap into the magical energies that still hold forth in the
eval world. Most commonly, these miracle workers pos
only one type of pagan magic; occasionally, a particularly
ented and devout person may excel in two different areas of,
power. The practice of pagan magic is time-consuming and
most people do not have the luxury to devote long hours to
practice and preparation, particularly ifthe cropsneed tending
or the sheep'need to be shorn.

ForMs oF PAGAN Macic

The following descriptions illustrate the various types of
magic practiced by deuids, shamans and other pagan holy
persons. Storytellers can use these as guidelinesfor leshing out
pagan populations in Dark Ages chronicles. They are not
intended for use by Cainite characters, who have their own
Disciplines

* Herhal Ways

priest to use her knowledge of herbs and their pr

This type of magic allows the pa

erties (0
powders, potions and other medicinal
This makes
than most types of herbal mn

produce salves, poultic
or toxic substances imbued with magical energy.
them more eff
treatment. A knowledge of Herbalism is a requirement for this
path, as wel as access to the numerous nacural ingredients used
in making such things as potions for easing pain, elixirs capable
of soothing a cough and poultices to stave off of, in some cases,
cure bubonic plague. Midwives, wise women and herbalists are
the most common practitioners of this magical form

* Nature Ways —Those who practice this form of pagan,
magic are able to exercise some control over the weather,
calling rain to dey fields or encouraging crops to grow. Addi
tionally, nature priests are able to ensure the fertility of flocks
and herds and can predict the best times for planting or
reaping. Most pagans prefer to work with nature rather than
against her. Calling weather isa serious matter than can have
far-reaching consequences elsewhere. Rain doesn't just artive
‘out of thin air; it is summoned from another locale, which
might, therefore, undergo serious drought as a result of a
witch's weather-working. Pagan priests who serve elemental
ies most often practice this type of magic.

* Omen Ways — Practiced by diviners, seers and sha-
mans, this power allows its followers to read true signs of the
neat future ina variety of ways. Usually some sort of ritual must
precede the act of divining, such as the sacrificial slaughter of
an animal, the purification of the divinet through fasting or
bathing, or the burning of certain herbs. Methodsofextracting
‘omens include casting runes or straws, gazing into still water,
watching the skies or studying the movements of animals or
clouds. Visions of the future are usually hazy and indistinct

or earth dk

Occasionally, a seer will clearly view what is to come. Such

instances are rare and always rin the risk of changing the

particular future thus seried


c enables the
cr individuals from

* Warding Ways — This path of pagan 1
practitioner to ritually protect certain are
unwanted influences, in:luding Cainite, Christian, faerie or
other supematural agencies. This form of magic takes a consider-
ableamountof time, bothin gatheringthe substa
the ward — special powders, blessed water, wood shavings from
aasacred tree — and in performing the ritual that sets the ward in
place. Warded areas keepout those who are designated at the time
the warding is constructed. In most cases, wands a
keep out genetal groups, such as Cainites or Christians, but
‘occasionally a highly specific ward may be created to keep out the
tyrannical landlord ot some other specific individual. In some
cases, wards may prevent supematural creatures from using theit
powers within its confines. Druids who still maintain sacred
groves often lear to master the creation of wards

PAGAN RELICS

toconstruct,

intended to

Just as the Christian faith possesses holy relics that store

divine power, some pagansymbolsactasrepositoriesof True Faith,
and are thus effective in protecting against Cainites. These relies
or talismans are exceedingly rare and are usually created only at
cercain times, or else have survived from the centuries before the
arrival of Christianity « lands. Storytellers may use these

examples or design their own, culturally appropriate, relics

* May Crown — This crown of flowers and leaves, worn
by the "spring maiden" at Belcaine, will, if preserved and
blessed by a pagan priest with True Faith, protect a believer
whowearsit from attacks by hungry Cainites. Itspowerisequal
to the True Faith of the one who blessed it

*# Imbote Candle — Blessed by apagan priest at an Imbole
ceremony, the flame from thiscandle will protect a house from
intrusion by Cainites. A family will usually bring a number of
candles for blessing at Imbolc. So long asa flame is transferred
fromone candle to another one specially blessed, its power will
not diminish

* Samhain Bread — This cakelike bread, part of the
Sambain feast, can injure a
bread and wine of the Christian mass. Any
ingests even a small portion of the bread or who feeds frot
someone who has just eaten of it takes from one to three dice
of aggravated damage at the Storyteller's discretion.

# Lughnasa Coin — A coin blessed by a pagan priest
druid or witch during the ceremoniesin honor of Lugh, the god
of light, possesses the power to wour
into contact with it. The coin inflicts
similar to weak or indirect sun|

ainite in the same:

a Cainite who comes

Jition, any vampire
id Rotschreck

touched must make a Courag:

CHAPTER FIVE: MATTERS OF FAITH



hapter 3
Eniope

Vitahttife in
tench
MeriecalVOould

YWith the hazards of noctucnal existence
and traved, no modern communication, and
arigidsocial hierarchy itappears that Cainites
yoould have altnost no chance against the
forces of the Dark Whedieval world. WOhat do
vampiceshave that could possibly give ther
an edge against the night? YOpat de they
have that could allove them to gain power,
maintain a lifestyle, or even traved to see
fiends? There ave more options than you
might third and there is nothing that cart
be fired by « judicious application of brains
and Disciplines.

CHAPTER SIX:
DARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE


IES
ome things just can't be avoided. Havens, travel and
feeding are necessities that no Cainite can afford to ignore.
There is mote to choosing one's haven than picking out the
most likely looking castle on all, and feeding troubles never
ey just change form.

Country Livinc

Most Cainites look for havens in the areas where they
grew up (and were probably Embraced). People donot venture
beyond the safety of familiar towns and territories in the
Middle Ages, and it takes extraordinary courage to move out
into the unknown world. A vampire encounters special diffi-
culties in doing so, and unless circumstances dictate otherwise,
most prefer to stay in familiar territory.

Some vampires are able to keep their mortal homes, but
the presence of family and servants can make life difficult, as
mottals, unlike vampires, grow inexorably older and eventu:
ally die. Cainites, the passionate creatures that they are, find
ithard to endure these losses of companions so close to them.
Likewise, neighbors may wor

Vampire's behavior. Certain necessities do need to be seen to,

er at the changes in a new

suchastaxes and rent. Failure to paycan result in alax vampire
being roused in the middle of the day to be served an eviction
notice. Domestic repairs certainly need to be addressed (such
as the seasonal rethatching of the roof) and very few trades
men would undertake such work at night. The development
of glass was a great blow to Cainite havens. While it makes
little difference in a peasant cottage, homes owned by the
wealthy are expected to have at least one glass window.
Despite the murky quality of most glass at this time, itis still
enough to let some light in, and any amount is too much. As
any vampire can attest, glass is much less effective at blocking
the lethal rays of the sun than a sturdy wall...

‘Those who inherited or owned castles or manors in their
mortal lives may find that while they sleep more comfortably,
the castle nonetheless carries its own problems and responsi-
bilities. Castle-dwelling Cainites must also find some way to
manage the lands and the peasants who farm them. Riding out
at dusk wll allay suspicions for a while (afterall, who ever gets
to see the lord and lady but on rare occasions?), but after a
while, some might wonder why the lord is never seen during
theday, orabouthisstrange pallor. A vampire who is fortunate
enough to take over a castle should be ready to tun it and the
lands; nobleneighborsor errants with sights seton the nobility
may try to take it away and "do it right."

Shelters may be acquited through several means, mostly
by repossessing them from the previous inhabitants. Cottages
are best acquited this way, since there are fewer people to deal
with; however, the people within may be well-known in the
area. Their sudden disappearance will arouse suspicion. Other
buildings that can serve as shelter include windmills

rchouses, stables, hams, outhuildingsof manors, and pilgrim's

huts along the road

DARK AGES COMPANION

Feeding in the country does not appear to bea problem at
first, with all the myriad litele towns and villages dotting the
landscape. However, this isnot the case in wilderlandslike the
Schwarewald or the Scottish Highlands, where a vampire
might wander for nights without seeing another soul, living or
otherwise. Vampires who prefer this sort of setting must learn.
to hunt animals or starve while waiting for a passing traveler.
There are other creatures looking for human flesh, too. Red-
caps and other Unseelie fae, Black Spiral Dancers and the
occasional unbalanced human may be fierce competition for
scarce sustenance.

Hunting animals may fare a Cainite little better. Wher-
ever a vampire gocs, she is surely trespassing on someone's land,
most often that of a noble. Being caught hunting on a noble's
lands often results in charges of poaching, which can have
penalties ranging ftom fine todeath, dependingon the noble.
Sometimes, Cainites manage to divert such charges to the
peasants, whoare certainly hungry and desperate enough tobe
capable of such acts

The fae also keep particular care over stretches of forest
they consider to be theirs, and they will exact their own
revenge — theit punishments are also known to be exceed
ingly "creative." Of course, there ate also the Lupines, who
ents actoss Dark Medieval

have scattered villages and sett

ope. Occasionally a vampire and Lupine discover the

other's existence while running down the same deet. The
Lupines are sly poor at sharing with their Cainite
neighbors, and if they suspect one is living on their lands and
feeding from their Kin, they will not rest until the offender is
brought to ground. If that means trampling other Cainites
along the way, all the better.

Some Cainites learn to drink exclusively from animals,
going sofar as tokeep them only for their blood) The presence
of animals can make a haven look "normal," but this practice
hasresulted in anew social classification for such vampires: the
Farmers

Famines and pestilence are very hard on the peasants and
animals, and thus on the countryside in general. Men are
driven to desperate acts, and to find scapegoats for misfortune.
Ifthe smaller animals die, the larger predatorshave nothing to
eat and start competing with vampires for what little game
remains. If plant-eaters die from lack of food, the predators
tum on each other. During the worst famines, those vampires
who do not migrate to the city or other locales risk falling into
torpor from hunger or resorting to diablerie of other Cainites.

Monastic Livinc

‘Some vampires try to continue theie lives in the monas-
teties of convents to which they previously belonged, or that
they joined in their unlives. Such vampires will typically find
monastic unlife very difficult. Such communities have faitly

small numbers; abbots and abbesses usually believe in getting


to know their charges fairly well. The amount of Faith found
within the walls can be most uncomfortable for many, 1
matter how strong a Cainite believes herself to be.

Itis easier to find havens in monasteries than it isin secular
realms, but harder to maintain them. Many monasteries and
abbeys are built with several outbuildings used as bakeries,
breweries, wineries, storage, smithies, guesthouses and for var
ous other functions. While it may be no small matter to burrow
into the potato bin or to cul up in an empey barrel for the day,
a monk of nun who does not follow the order of the day will be
sought after and disciplined. Some Cainites, who manage to
survive in religious communities numbering 100 members or
mote (one community was recorded to have 900 at its fullest),
move their shelters nightly. They usually perform chores or tasks
tefore bedtime to spare themselves from trouble. Still ochers
move invisibly among the tenants of the monastery, feeding and
sleeping where they may safely do so.

Feedingtakes special skillinamonastic setting. While some
lazy Cainitesthinktosave themselves trout
‘or nun who wakes u

only so long. The an
or geese)

feedingon their
fellow monasties, a me noticeably
nals keptat

ay also be fed

weaker will suspect disease
the community (such as ©

ced of a new cow (w

ay wonder why a healthy ¢

The wise Cainite

LEIF ONE
Yee?

going into the surrounding towns and villages. He may run into
‘competition from his own kind, but that can be dealt with;a nosy
abbot is more difficult

‘Communities may become used to strange occurrences,
aftera while, perhaps seeing them as God's tests o simple bad
luck. Faith may grow stronger (such that a vampire may have
toleave), oran exorcist may be brought in at special request or
by chance. Those who are not part of a community may notice
things that the inhabitants have grown accustomed to of (00
dispirited to care about, and newcomers may be able to
recognize the activities of the supernatural

Those abbeys, convents and monasteries that serve the
Cainite heresy of related vampiric denominations are often
built or furnished with the vampires' needs in mind. Such
places sustain theie followers through proximity to acity or by
livestock and travelers

Crry Livinc
Cities ate natural habitats for many Cainites. The Nosferatu
at use of ancient catacombs and viaducts, as well as sewer
ms. Many Cainites have managed to become so wrapped up
nv city life that living elsewhere would be a shock to thetn

3s, from cramped


with a few modifications, Windows can be shuttered and cov-
ered, rousing only mild curiosity, if any, from residents. OF
course, taxes and rent do have to be paid even The Book of Nod
admonishes Cainites to "render Caesar his due."

One of the greatest problems facing city-dwelling vampires
isthe curfew. At around nine o'clock in the evening, the curfew
bell rings, signaling people to get out ofthe streets and go home,
and for shopkeepers to close their doors. The night watch is not
known to be forgiving to those who are out past curfew, since
such people are usually up to no good. Someone on official
business must carry something that denotes his special status,
like a badge depicting his employers crest or seal, or livery:

Varopireson businessat such late hours must earn tobe stealthy,
procure crests to help them pass the watch, or learn Disciplines
that will be of asistance. During the summer months, rising in
time to get out before curfew can be difficult, ifnot impossible

Feeding or meeting in a city with a curfew brings its own
special set of problems. Those Cainites with ghouls usualy task
themtohave blood ready forth ng.ortofind
likely victims. Those vampires who are not so fortunate must
hunt on their own, often stalking the night watch itself o¢

nortals cut late for whatever reason. A. great many become

Cauchemars (vampires who fe
(who feed on derelicts and bexgats). Meetings may take place in
guilhouses, shops or anywhere a few vampires can crowd in
without drawing attention to themselves, Many of these meet
ingsare held in the dark, after each person has been identified in
some way

In cities without curfews, a vampire may move about with
some ease, but must be even more watchful for cutpurses and
thieves. Vampires here have a number of choice vessels to feed
‘upon, spawning a number of new types of feeding vampires
‘Suceubi and Incubi (those who seduce mortals and drink only
‘enough to sate the hunger), and Rakes (those who haunt inns,
tavems or other gatherings of mortals), in addition to Footpads
and Cauchemars. Elysiums and other meetings are much more
grand affairs, owing to less ofa need to hide.

A problem chat faces vampires in any city is the ratio of
Cainites to mortals. A city with 9,000 people is remarkable and
rare. Many vampires feed within the city limits tosave time orfor
thet reasons, and end uprunning into each other, Adda curfew
and a prince's orders, and things can become very tense very
quickly. The risk ofdiscovery increases each timea new vampire
eentessa city and tries to compete for scarce resources. Stories of
two Cainites who coincidentally choose the same victim, then
waketheie victim with the ensuing argument are becoming nigh
apocryphal. A wise vampire learns to huntthe suburban areas of
a cityto ensure that he will be successful

Lire ON THE ROAD

The open road in the Dark Med
for mortals and vampires. For C

masters' awal

J on the sleeping) ot Footpas

val world is frightening
ites, life on the road i

nerveracking experience, usually best undertaken by the

DIARK AGES COMPANION

sturdiest of the breed. Sometimes travel cannot be put off,
however, and there are myriad reasons why a vampire would
take to the road, whether wanderlust, business or escape.

Icisdifficult for modern people to imagine the blackness
that envelopes the Dark Medieval world at the close of day.
The night sky is a canopy of ebony, dimly illuminated by tiny
stars. When the moon is waning or hidden by clouds,a vampire
isnot be able to see her hand in front of her face. A bitd flying
overhead sees. landscape of almost total blackness, occasion-
ally relieved by beacons for sailors or night-fires, Crossroads
neat cities have lights on occasion, but beyond the flicker of
the traveler's own lantern is often only the vast empty night.

A vampire on the road at night is alone for the most part.
Travel is not undertaken much during the day, much less at
‘night. Still there are others on the road: merchants traveling
to reach a market of fair; troubadours, bards or jongleurs who
have not reached the safety of a town or castle before night;
soldiers or crusaders returning home; and pilgrims returning
from shrines, their cloaks and hats rattling with souvenir
brooches from their travels. Highwaymen, bandits and other
human predators also prow! the darkness, looking for such
unlucky souls. Iftravelersare lucky, they mightonlybe robbed,
orpethaps beaten ifthe bandits want sport. Less fortunate ones
are murdered for as little as their bags of provisions.

Most highways are remnants of the old Roman roads,
which are often in disrepair. They dwindle into teack roads,
used by king and commoner alike, and a traveler will have to
stand aside as a cartiage or oxcart rolls past. Track roads
connect tiny villages and isolated crofters, and those trails are
often scarcely visible at night and no wider than a man's arm
span. A traveler isconsidered lucky to walk 20 miles in one day
(under good conditions — no snow or rain; roads passable).

Manyroadsand landsare said tobehauntedby supernatu-
ral guardians, some more fearsome than vampires. Most ignore
travelers; others attack without warning or cause. Such things
include the black dogs of the English moors; the Aufhangen
(meaning "leap upon" in German); or the giant, headless
human torso that patrols the lands of a Scottish clan.

Conventsand monasteries maintain guesthouses for trav
clets, and none can refuse a traveler in need without reason
(such as sickness within the walls), Inns are found within the
boundaries of towns and villages, and either cost coin or
something tangible in exchange for shelter. Stopping along a
road is not usually advised unless the traveler is prepared to
kindlea fire and situpall night watching for predators. Shelter
might be foundata manor or caste fone isasuccessful beggar,
but some lords are known for their lack of hospitality. (In the
caseofa vampire lord, the traveler, whether Cainiteor mortal,
could be in for a rude surprise.)

Havens on the road are difficult to find. Some vampires
preferto
Titele more than le
roads, but they offer litele protection feom the daylight, not to
mention frequently having mortal guests. Those with the

nda cottage and take it by force. Roadside shelters,
-tos, are built along certain, well-traveled


Protean Discipline have the option of sleeping in the earth.
Abbeys where the Cainite heresy is practiced offer very
comfortable quarters for their guests. There is, however, no
way to find out in advance ifone is along the road; such things
are usually only spread by word of mouth.

Ravnos often stay with bands of tinkers or other Gypsies,
or, at the very least, keep their own wagons for havens. Few
people ate likely to bother a Gypsy camp, and a single wagon
with a horse gazing nearby is not a sight for alarm. However,
Ravnos risk not only the prejudices of princes and other high-
born vampires, but mortal authorities as well, who frequently
roust Gypsies out of a city at the frst sign of them. Gangrel
sometime shelter with Gypsies, as well. A few non-Ravnos
vampires have tried using the colorful wagons as a means of
travel, with mixed results

Feedingon the road has been compared to teying to make
a chicken fly, according to one Ravnos — a difficule proposi-
tion, but not impossible. Most transient vampires feed on
travelersin roadside shelters or in the guesthouse of monaster-
ies. The latter option can be dangerous. Sometimes, a vampire
may happen upon a lonely ctofter's cottage or a solitary
traveler. [tisnot wise tofeed on pilgrims; such people are often
returning romorare currentlyonapilgeimage,and theit Faith
is likely to be higher than usual, Rumor has it that one ragged
pilgrim left vampire writhing in agony from beushing against
her cloak, which was said co be so decorated with rattling
badges and brooches from her travels that she could be heard
before she was seen.

NT SALUBRI
has appeared in many
s and on the walls of
nes itis pure He-
sembles Hebrew
even fewer can

Tue Iriver,
Of late, strange w
roadside shelters, on
cottages and mogag

brew; sometimes
Few have been.

Sup TRAVEL

Most Cainites find ship travel to be one of the worst
inconveniences, but one of the most necessary. Almost any
great journey involves some water travel, especially travel
from England or Ireland, Those who travel by water must
simply grin and bear it

Finding pass
sometimes it simply means going to the docks and asking
sailors which ship is going to a particular port of call and if it

¢ can be an exercise in patience, though

will accept a passenger. One should step warily, hough; many
dishonest merchants and captains will shanghai their "passen-
gers" and sell them into slavery at Arab ports.

Other details of aquatic travel include finding a place to
sleep on the journey, making sure to be on board ifthe captain
likes tosail at dawn or with the tide (which couldbe the middle
of the afternoon), how to explain daylight absences, and most
importantly, how to feed. A ship that floats into port with a
dead crew, and with only the captain and vampire about will
incite a hue and cry. Many captains can be paid enough to
leave a vampire to her own devices, but regular sailors can
prove troublesome with superstitions and inquisitiveness,

KNIGHTLY ORDERS

Nothing, whether great or small, which is undertaken in
the name of the Lord can fal

— Raymond of Aguilers

While hardly the most numerous soldiets in the service of
the Lord, the knightly ordersare among the most important, The
Templars, Hospitallets and Teutonic knightsare the best known
of the orders, but they are certainly noe the only ones. From the
shores of the Baltic came the Orders of the Sword and Dobrin.
While Spain fosters a trio of knightly groups, England produces
the Order of Se. Thomas of Acte, and an ancient Hospitaller
chapter reinvents itselfas the Order of St, Lazarus. While not all
of these groups endure (the Baltic orders, in particula
short-lived), theie impact far outweighs their numbers.

Oricins AND Nores

The knightly orders originate from the loose associations
of knights who banded together voluntarily to protect abbeys
or other sites. By the middle of the 12th century, certain
associations come together into more familiar knightly orders.
Some of these groups have more sanction than others; for
example, the Templars are supported by St. Berard of
Clairvaux, the instigator of the Crusade of 1147. Other groups
form independently or rise from the ashes of nonmilitary
associations.

The knightly orders are significant because they present
the first standing armies in Dark Medieval Europe since the
days of the Roman Empite. Before the orders were created,
armies were seasonal or mercenary and they acquired theit
‘own pay through plunder. Keeping a knight in the field is a
ludicrously expensive proposition (one Templar house in
France hasa staff of over 80 on call to support asingle knight);
keeping an entire army at the ready is financially suicidal
However, with the impetus of faith (and the gifts of land and
coin that such faith inspires in those outside the orders), the
knightly orders are able to keep standing armies in the field
year-round. Admittedly, the forces that the Templars and
others are able to field are small by modem standards, but to
the medieval military strategist, the notion of a full-time

professional army is stunningly new


Priests with military connections are nothing new. (Will:
iam of Norman's half-brother, Bishop Odo, rode into battle at
Hastings with a mace instead of a sword so that he "might spill
no blood.") However, many cletics have grave reservations
about priests in arms, even in the service of the Lord. As most
members of knightly orders are lay brothers rather than priests,
however, the issue resolves itself nicelys actual priests with
groups like the Hospitalers serve only as chaplains, doctors and
the like. Furthermore, growing emphasis on the knightly and
Christian duty of protecting the weak lends credence tothe idea
ofthe Christian knight."Nomanhathany greater love than this:
that he lay down his life for his fiends." This isthe passage used
as justification for holy military orders.

Life in a knightly order is not one of luxury and sloth
Lazarene knights, for example, are uniformly afflicted with
leprosy, and the Templars have severe restrictions on their
wealth, attire (haie shits were mandatory) and personal habits
While kings and popes accuse the Templars of lasciviousness,
Satanism and other sensual crimes, in the days of the crusader
kingdoms there is nothing soft about knightly existence.

Tue Leper KNIGHT

Descended from a nonmilitary order of Hospitallers ori
nally established in A.D, 369 by Basil of Caes:

Order of St. Lazarus was initially a system of hos d
hospices for pilgrims to the Holy Land. Special attention was
given to lepers by members of the order.

The order remains nonmilitary in nature until 1098. With
the fall of Jerusalem (and the order's Leper House with it),
leprousknights of other ordersare placed under the chargeof the
Order of St. Lazarus. As most of these knights are still more or less
able-bodied, the protection of outpostsand hospitals of the order
in the Holy Land inevitably falls to these chevaliers. At the end
of 1098, the society of those who have cared for lepers and
pilgrims is reinvented as the Military and Hospitaller Order of
Saint Lazarus of Jerusalem, a chivalric order.

Regarding themselves as men already dead, the knights of
the order are renowned for their ferocity and prowess in battle.
"The men who walked alone" and "living dead" are names
Lazarene knights have for themselves; death in the service of
faith is infinitely preferable to the slow ravages of disease, With
concems of self-preservation essentially banished, knights of the
order garner respect from both the Christian king of Jerusalem
(Baldwin LV, himselfa leper, isa noted patron) and Salah el-Din
himself. It is Salah el-Din who, after his reconquest of Jerusalem,
allows the poor of the city to exit the walls through the Gate of
St. Ladre (Laz a e y in the order's hospital.

The onder establishes its seat of power at St. Jean d'Acre,
acquiring land outside the city walls as well as portions of the
region near Caesarea. Hand in hand with the erection of

hurches fortresses in this territory is the recognition of the
order as a Sovereign, temporal power by the pope and others,

DARK AGES COMPANION


Wuat 1s To CoME
With the majority of the order's men-at-arms killed

Gaza in 1244, and the rest attaching themselves to St. Louis
IX of France's disastrous Egyptian Crusade and Syrian expedi-
tions, the era of the Lazarene knights in the Holy Land is
comingtoan enduring the 13th century. St. Jean d'Acre falls
to Muslim forces in 1291 and with this setback the order's
presence in the Holy Land is ending.

RATU CONNECTION

The sobriquet "lepers" (and the ease with which clan
members can slip into Lagprene hostels unnoticed) make
the Nosferatu and the Order of St. Lazarus a
combination. The combination of teligious fervor
disease present among the lépet Knights echoes perf
the afflictions of Nosferatu Vampires, who see themselves
aspatronsof the Hospitallers. Many ofthe Lazarene troops
are sustained by Nosferatu vitae, which provides a partial
explanation forthe "walking dead" reputation forsuper:
hhuman bravery and prowess. The mest n
talented leper knights can often expect the Etnbrace

Two of the onder's masters, Fra' Gerard and his
successor, Fra' Raymond, have been Embraced by the
Nosferatu as reward for services rendered, Since theie

demises," these two leper knights have continued to
work with the living members of their order, albeit in
segret. Fra' Raymond now dwells in Constantinople,
along with'a good partion of the order' stre
Gerard's whereabouts are unknown, bit he has been
seen 'at St. Jean d'Acre mote than once.

While manly Lazarépie kights are pate of their
order'sassoctattoh with the Nosferatu, yeryfew under
stand the exact nature of that relatignship. Most of
those whodoare either riterabers ofthé current master's
inner circle, or are former Templars who were in-
volved in that order's dealings with the Ventrue.

. pious and

THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR

‘The most infamous of the knightly orders, the Knights

Templar, supposedly dabbles in magic, Satanism and other
less-than-Christian pursuits. However, the Templarsareamong
the best disciplined, most fearsome and wealthiest fighting
forces of the Dark Medieval world, and Templars are held in
high esteem by their Muslim opponents.

Asbreakingranksis grounds for expulsion from the order,
Templar troops re often placed in the rear of crusader armies.
This placement is significant because the Seljuk Turks fre-
quently attack their opponents' flanksor rear. Such ta
unknown in Europe (where shield-wall bashing and knightly
skewering of lightly armored infantry isthe rule). Command
ersof crusader forces counter these maneuvers by guarding the
ad fast.

ics are

vulnerable rear with troops who are utterly

ee crt x

OriGins

The Latin Rule of the Templars, which establishes the
basic tenets of the order, dates to 1128. Translated and
modified into the French Rule in. 1136-1137, the rules and
regulations of the order are expanded to 686 articles by the
time of the execution of Jacquesd er of
the order. The tenets include (unsurprisingly) poverty, chas-
tityandobedience,as well ascommandments regardingconduct
on and off the field of battle

‘A Muslim attack on a band of pilgrims in the Holy Land in
1119isthe impetusfortheformationof the order.A groupofnine

Molay, last grand ma

these nine are known as The Military Order of the
Knights of the Temple of Solomon. Berard of Clairvaux's
support (it was he who drafted the Latin Rule) enables the order
to grow rapidly; the combination of glory and salvation is
particularly appealing to young sons of nobles who stand to
inherit nothingin Europe. The clamor to join the order grows so
loud that membership is restricted to the sons of knights,

Np Macic
¢ Templars' esoteric Rule, extreme
munication with the li
inthe eyesiof many other crusaders. In
ackltion, the vast wealth 6f the Templar banking erupire
antracts envious eyes ifelixhing those of Philip LV of France
and Pope Philip, whovtt Philip 1V boldp in his, pocket
Accusations of homosexual acts, defecation upsn the Cross
and witchcraft are levied af the Knights Teabphr, and the
onder is quickly broker, (The tréasurepf its Main temple in
Paris is conveniently edinfiscated by, the'erown.) Rumors
that the Templats dabblein.tuagio' (ities of insidious
Graifogeking are the mda penstenej Bur there are others)
remaliy¢o this day, but pfoot of afy sort is lacking,

Inthe Dark Medieval world, there is a significant
occilt aspect ta the inher citcle of the onder. Most
Temphits aré unaware A presence of the Cabal of
Pure Thought at the heat of their order, and as such

no inkling' of any magical doitigs;On the other
ind, those who rank'inaster or above might well know
the truth, and either fight, ignored ot abet it...

mic enemy

Banks

Among the nonmilitary aspects of the Knights Templar is
its establishment of a consistent, reliable banking system
throughout Europe and the Middle East. Since the order has
been granted certain liberties by the Holy See, temples operate
as independent entities, and no king dares lay a finger on the
wealth contained within. A pilgrim can deposit his gold in a
Paris temple, receive a chit good for the money, and redeem

that chit for gold in Jerusalem. Only the Templers' sterling

DARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE


reputation for honesty allows this system to flourish; there is
doubt that any money put into Templar hands is both safe
and retrievable.

THe VENTRUE CONNECTION

To the Ventrue, wealth, military power and indepen-
dence from the Lasombra-infested Church, are exceedingly
attractive aspects of the Templars. The Ventrue flock to the
Templars, seeking potential childer and financial opportuni
ties. While some temples are inaccessible to the Cainites due
tothe strong faith of its attendants (Templars are lay clergy,
and most are quite pious), others are safe houses for Ventrue
seeking to travel from Europe and Jerusalem. While stories
abound that the Templars guard the blood of Christ, in truth
many Templars guard blood of a different kind.

Arms aND ArMor
A Templar knight's tools of the trade are mandated
by the Rule of the ordet, Each takes identical weapons
and armor into battle. Standard Templar armor includes
a triangular, curved shield mail helm surmounted by a
solid helm, chain mail on the legs, and additional pieces
of metal guarding both shoulders and feet
Basic Templar weaponry includes: a steaight, wo
| edged sword; a short, spiked mace (alsocalleda Turkish.
mace); a long dagger and two knives.
Each Templar is permitted only three horses,
though knights who ate friends with the master might
possess four.

THE SOVEREIGN MILITARY
AND HospIrALLER ORDER OF
St. JOHN OF JERUSALEM

Like the Lazarenes, the Hospitallers originally were hos-
pitaladministrators with an eye toward the care of pilgrimson
their way to Jerusalem. Created around 1080, the order is
recognized by the Holy See in 1113 as being devoted to the
careof the sick and poor. Military and more formal Hospitaller
functions accrete the group rapidly. Before the close of the
12thcentury, the order's new role in coordinating the defense
of Palestine and Syria supersedes its original purpose.

While not so thoroughly entangled in the financial world
as the Templars, the Hospitallers do receive massive endow.
ments in Western Europe. These properties are managed to
fund the order's activities inthe Holy Land. Thiscoordination
of efforts in the West and East enables the order to create an
international structure that allows it to survive the final
expubion of the Catholic orders from the Holy Land in 1291

The Hospitallers engage in bitter disputes with the Knights
Templar throughout the Dark Medieval period. While the
tivalry is usually abandoned in the face of the Saracen foe, it

DARK AGES COMPANION

isinteresting to note that when Philip IV of France eradicates
the Templars and confiscates theit property, he hands some of
the spoils over to the Hospitallers

TEUTONIC KNIGHTS

A. very real temporal power, the Order of Teutonic
Knights establishes the first western-style government in the
Holy Roman Empire and replaces collapsing governmental
structures in Livonia. The Teutonic Knights also have exten
sive European and Levantine holdings, and play a major role
in the Baltic Crusades

These knightly orders recruit almost exclusively
(unsurprisingly) from the German-speaking peoples of Eu-
rope, and in most cases operate ina fashion similar to that of
most of the other orders. It is only in eastern Europe — in
Prussia, Livonia and briefly in Hungary — that the Teutonic
Knights attempt to set up working governments

UDAISM AND
YSTICISM IN
THE DARK AGES

The Jewish population occupies a unique and precarious
position in the Dark Medieval world. As biblical prohibitions
against usury (theoretically) limit the entrance of Christians
into the banking field, Jews become the moneylenders of
Europe andare indispensable to any king or nobleman looking
toputan army into the field. The most spectacular example of
this phenomenon is William the Conquerors mercenary:
fueled victory at Hastings. The gold to hire those troops came
from the Jewish moneylenders whom William had specifically
invited to settle in Normandy

On the other hand, the Church, the nobility and the
peasant population are all aligned against the Jews of Europe
for religious and political reasons. Rulers looking for quick
financial fixesexile the Jewsfrom their domainsand confiscate
their property and possessions. Convicted of the crime of
Killing Christ, Jews are the victims of pogroms, persecution
and the odd crusader looking for an easier foe than a well-
armed Saracen

In spite of this antagonism, the Jewish community flour-
Ishes and sets down deep roots in places as diverse as Kiev (seat
of the brielived Jewish Khazar kingdom), Prague and Spain.
Jewish ghettos spring up in many major European cities,
particularly those with reputations as centers of learning and
commerce. From Florence to Vilnius, the Jewish presence in
Europe is established as a permanent fixtute.

‘Among the developments in Judaic thought and culture
isthe formalization of the school of mysticism called Kabbs
a study of the holy books of Judaism in search of the true, or
spiritual, universe (also called the En Sof, of "incomprehen:
sible"). While Jewish mystical traditions have differed from


those of more mainstream religious thought for thousands of
years, itis during the 12th century that the name Kabbalah is
applied to the most prevalent schools of mystical thought.

reared) barge body of
interpretation of the or texts, What is
presented hére is abti fon period Kabbalah,
with notes on other rs ha ‘aspects of Jewish mys-

ticism,

Wuar Is Kaspatan?

. Kabbalah isa spiritual and symbolic search for
the meaning of existence. The core question that every
Kabbalist secks to answer is: If God is perfection, why is His
creation (the universe) imperfect? Hand in hand with this
query isthe idea of achieving of, more accurately, returning to
the perfection of God.

‘According to Kabbalistic thought, this universe is one of
many that God created (and allowed to be destroyed), though it
is perhaps the longest-lived of any. While God is synonymous
with the spiritual universe, a certain portion of God's 10 qualities
are missing from critical sections of this perfect existence. These
qualities have been removed by God through a proces called
«gimtqen, of contraction, in order to create points of imperfec-
tion within the perfect universe where imperfect, physical
universes can exist. Our own universe, for example, was suppos-
edly created by God when, in a certain section of the En Sof, he
replaced Law with Kindness. This wasdone toengender free will,
28 opposed to preordained obedience to divine law.

Beyond this, Kabbalah breaks down into a series of
emanations through which our universe was created. Called
the esher sephirot, these qualities or spheres are sometimes
assumed to be balanced by evil or destructive forces called
‘Qlippoth (shells). The arrangement of the sephirot is likened to
a tree, and the Tree of Emanations (Etz Khayim) is the
overriding metaphorical image of Kabbalistic thought.

Onan exceedingly simplistic level, Kabbalah is the study
of the Tree of Emanations, its components, and the way in
which they interact in the four levels of the physical universe
The effects of the Qippoth are also important in Kabbalistic
study, but the emanations are in many ways at the core of

much Kabbalistic thought

Keter (Crown) — the projection of En Sof into the
physical universe
Khokhmah (Intelligence) — also known as the
"father sphere"
Binah (Wisdom) — called the "mother sphere"
The remaining seven spheres are all derived from Bawah,
and represent the seven daysof creation. Thetis sixofthese
spheres ae also known as the "ative" spheres. They are:
Khesed (Kindness) or Gedulah (Greatness)
Din (Law) or Gevurah (Power) — also sometimes
identified as Pakhad (Fear)
Tiferet (Beauty) or Rokhim (Mercy)
Netzakh (Victory or Endurance)
Hod (Glory or Majesty)
Yesod (Foundation) or Tzaddik (Righteousness)
The last of the spheres is Matkhut (Kingdom),
which is also known as Knesset Yisroel (The Commu:
nity of Israel) of Shekhinah (God's Female Aspect).
While all of these spheres, being qualities of
are inseparable, they have becn categorized by
grouped together asthe
nan Tiferetare grouped as
akh, Hod and Yesad are the
"natural triad," due to their proximity to Malkhut, the

physical universe. Triangle imagery and tree imagery are
often used when describing the emanations.

}ABRAUETS IN THE

Dark EVAL WorRLD

Kabbalah, a study of the qualities and emanations of God,
isareligious pursuit. Requitingaknowledge ofbiblical Hebrew
(as eell as Aramaic in many cases) and a visceral understand
ing of Judaism, Kabbalah is exclusively a Jewish field of study.
Inaddition, religious prohibitions forbid women or men undee
40 (under 20, according to some sources) from studying
Kabbalah. While these rules are sometimes honored more in
theory than in the observance, the vast majority of Kabbalists
that characters are likely to encounter in the Dark Medieval
world are observant, middle-aged, male Jews.

Kabbalah, despite its links to traditions of Hermetic magic,
isnot a solitary scholarly pursuit. While meditation, trances and
other hallmarks of multiple magical schools all have theit place
in the practice of Kabbalah, Jewish religious thought demands
debate and community. The hermit, spendinghis daysin solitary
religious contemplation, docs not fit the Kabbalst identity. The
Kabbalist, secure in the community of his peers, stuxdies, argues
and works with others in the heart of the Jewish quarter of his
city. Many famed Kabbalistic scholars, starting in the late-12th
century, attract followers and disciples and, from Slavic Lands to
Florence, Kabbalistic schools emenged


Inother words, the notion of the lone Kabbalist, cackling
to himself in the wilderness as he casts g is entirely
inaccurate. Any Kabbalist of note is likely to be found in the
heart of a city, surrounded by a supportive community and
knowledgeable, skilled peers. Furthermore, since Kabbalah is
religious pursuit, students are extremely likely to have True
Faith. Many Kabbalah masters (Baal Shem Tov, ot "Masters of
the Good Name") are also reputed tobe able to work miracles
and wonders of healing, effects which resemble those avail:
able to some devout Christian priests with True Faith,

KABBALAH AND VAMPIRES
A combination of fpctogs makes it nigh impossible
for any Cainite to be pedficient at Kabbalistic study. The
pase requitemehity— male, Jewish, proficient in Hebrew
apply w nly 2 ting facta of Eicope's mortal, let
alone vamplee, population, Biblical injunctions against
the drinking Of blodd make tc even fore unlikely for a
practicing Kabbalistto survive long asa vampire. There
isalgo the face that tiost Kabbulistic eexts have nor yet
been translated from the original, and are kept in centers
é Jewish worship — placts with high Faith ratings
Some vaenpires mightbe aw areof Kabbalah
information might be eatbl
udice. Amulets and seals are
alistic magic that
e exoterie fields of study, characte knowled
Storyteller discretion. Remember, however, tha

made most JeWish S6ttimdities inWafar. Ie is not likely
that a dweller ig WJewish ghetto Wil) converse much
with a stranger, and-fe even Less likely to take a

long years Of perseexforiahd mnuel distrust have
stranger to meet the local rabbi of Kabbalistic sage

Or Jews AND Bioop
Christian myths have grown up around the uses
abuses of blood in Jewish ritual since the crucifixion. The most
virulent and prevalent rumor involves the notion that Jews
use the blood of Christian babies to make (the ritual
unleavened bread used in the Passover holiday). Outraged
citizens have stormed Jewish ghettos secking evidence of this
myth on many occasions. They often found planted fakery or,
more rarely, vampiric havens. The most famous golem, cre-
ated by Rabbi Loew of Prague, was given life todefend the Jews
of Prague against exactly this sort of treatment
There is, in fact, a strong association with blood in
Judaism, specifically relating to the or dietary laws
shrut describe "clean" ways of slaughtering livestock
wed in order for th be kosher. Ri


den to Jews. Judaism abo involves many commandments, or
mitzvot, relating to menstrual blood: A woman undergoing
menses is tobe removed from her community for a week, then
given a ritual bath (mikeah) before being allowed to return
home.

Obviously, the religious injunction ag;
foodstuff has serious implications for any Cainite of Jewish
extraction. While assimilationist Jews exist (the so-called
"court Jew" phenomenon is prominent by the time of the
Crusades), the vast majority of European Jews are highly
traditional and would look upon a hungee for blood as anath-
ema. Observant Jewish vampires, assuming the instinct for
self-preservation is dominant in their existences, ate likely to
follow the shochet model and drink spilled blood, rather than
feast directly from vessels.

Complicating matters is the role of Lilith in traditional
andKabbalistic myth. Linked with the Qlippoth thy
the earth," and with demons who supposedly ride the winds of
the night, the Lilith myth has decidedly vampiric overtones
(and actually features quite prominently in Cainite lore).

‘ofa more mystical bent who undergo the Embrace ate likely.
res in terms of the Lilith myth and ser
c "shells" a

istic thought, vampires wh

nst blood as a

fine their new
to the Qlippoth. As th
nanations of Kabt
of Lilith, and occasionally take step:
padocians' Road of the Bones,
to the Road of Heaven.

directly

s Servan

ledge, the members of

Questing forall sorts G€EABN
fto have extensive links

Clan Cappaddocian are pur

While inguiriesbepwet Gs
most frequently
Sgr
ther), here silt 8
manuscripes, gu

The two most ign
(Cappadocians and s
placeandapersop. They hone fone of the
‘most influential Kabbalistic Scadlerdies. The kalemy is
located near one tf the seats of Capphdocian poee: Here,
trade in the details of death is carriéd out face td face, and
certain scholars ¢laim that much of the codification of
Kabbulistic thought that the Geta school has produced
is inspired — or altered by Caippadocian insights.

The other documented link between Clan
Cappadocian and Jewish mysticism comes in the per
son of Lazarus, an Egyptian Jew Embeaced in the first
century A.D. While Lazarus himself is now a recluse
the connections he made with his fellow Jews in
centuries of thanatological study remain,

Gn path and the soul
inkeg between the
sbbalah consist of a

came

ETS AND PHYLACTERIES

le aspects of Kabbalism and
facture of amulets (the Hebrew
dapted into the vernacular as the

Amu

One of the more ace
Jewish mysticism is the m
word for these was later
word phylacteries). Drawn from the biblical commandment in
Deuteronomy (6:6-9) which calls for Jews to bind the words of
the Lond on the gates of their houses and before theit eyes, the
original amulets were mezuzot (nailed to the doorframes of
every Jewish home) and tefln (small wooden boxes contain
ingscriptures, worn during prayer). Asthe distinction between
mystical and holy has blurred in the Dark Medieval world,
these religious items have taken on added signi
belief has developed that these devices ward off demons, and
the addition of names and other passages into the amulets are
commonplace. This practice is not ignored by the Christian
community, and a thriving trade in phylacteries (as the non
Jews refer to tefiin and mezuzot) now exists,

As amulets »
their ere

quire more and more mystic properties,
‘away from the traditional tfilin, Instead,
in hopes of

fon move
appropriate passages from scriptures are include
drawing upon the g
within. A ct
chikibieth;

s who once captured Lil

J kill all children),

An amulet can also be used to contro! super

entities ifthe name of the creature tobecontr

of the tei

an item contal

upon it. While angels and demons are typically the entities
controlled through this sore of manipulation, it is entirely
possible that vampires can be aswell. The power offered by this
sort of amulet is imperfect; strong enough to offer protection
and a degree of control, but hardly geanting a dictatorial
authority. Indeed, one school of thought holds that angels
obey those who hold their seals not out of need, but out of
respect fprany mortal capable of learningan angel'strue name.

Hand in hand with the notion of amulets is that of seals,
Seals re usually in the shape of protective triangles or squares.
Biblical passages and individual names are placed within, and
the letters of certain names are often rearranged (echoing the
teachings of the gematria). The line between seals and phylac-
teries is often blurred, and many amulets are marked with
protective or preventative seals.

Note: The six-pointed star, or mogen David now popularly
associated with Judaism, is not used.asa magical seal during the
Dark Ages. Rather, the seven-branched menorah servesas the
symbol of Judaism and as a mystic symbol and seal during the
12th century

GEMATRIA
Accord

istic thought, the Torah ishumanity's
tion. Ir is folly to assume

and Kabbalists have
tibed meaning: wels, musical notation:

that make up the Torah's text

CHAPTER SIX: DARK MEDIEVAL EGROPE


"REATION AND
Use or AMULETS.

The creation of an amulet requires both time and

investment, and those capable of manufacturing effec-

tive amulets are fe Tn order to create

thi ecient Acs the
being sealed inside the box

of the creative process, the

its ¥ Hearth Magic (specialization:

Kabbalah) anid Tuelligence + Occult, with the dif

culty determined by the potential power of the amulet

being created. No artisan without some True Paith can
create a working amulet.

The beneficial effects of wearing an amulet are
nullified if the amulet itself is not b orn, An
amulet tucked in aputsestill has protective powersione
thar is left on a desk elsewhere is useless.

Weiting therefore is magical. Each of the 22 letters ofthe
Hebrew alphabet are assigned a numerical value, and is
identified with one of the 22 links between the sephirot. Each
word also acquites a numerical (and thus magical) value. By
cakulating the numerical values of words and phrases and
finding correlations with other words, Kabbalists perforrn a
sort of divination about the true nature of the universe. For
example, both Pharaoh and the name of the demon Ashmodai
have the same numerical value; in the minds of Kabbalist,
links between the two ate established, and through this
correspondence with an earthly ruler, Ashmodai is granted
the position of one of the kings of the demons.

CGematriais thename ofthis numerical magic, anditisavery
setious matter. Many Kabbalsts will not set out on an action
without casting gematria for the venture ahead and seeing what
correlations they are able todiscern. Gematriacan alsobe cast for
others, usually using the subject's name or names

Note: Each letter of the Hebrew alphabet, in addition to
having a numerical value, correlates to'a host of other items:
planets, days of the week, facial features, and so on. The
interpretations that are garnered from extensive letter asso
ciations can be both exceedingly complex and quite accurate

Tu TRAG RAMMATON

Godhasmany appellatio
able by mortals, since it issactilege,
towrite something truly holy down on somethin,

utHistruename isunknow-

DARK HGES COMPANION

be destroyed, Name magic is an important part of Kabbalah
(the Torahisoften referred toas another name of God) andthe
series of names given to God all reflect single aspects of the
divinity. The most common rendering of a name of God,
YHVH (often mistranslated as Yahweh or Jehovah) is known,
asthetetragrammaton. Kabbalists frequently link the leters of
the tetragrammaton with the emanations, or work with them.
to create other names with different numerical values.

Tue NAME
The ef
the nal

8 of assorti \ite mystics to uncover
God, site over the Creator,
area Bs of th uhh Most
wee er et seer ye i ar but
even so the potential rewards ea fires géeat that

few clans are 6it ofthe pattie Entirely. The groups devot-
locians

ing the most enérgy'torthis seach are fhe Capped.
and the Tremeré; but the Nogeratu\ ang' Ventrue ate
involved as well, {n"Adkditiong'there if rutnbted that a
collection of ampired thitcrstes clan lin isworkingon
the peoblem somewhere in the Swiss wildernéss

‘Cappadocius himself is involved fn this project.
The Antediluviah anif'seteral of his ¢hilder play an
active part if reseatching the nafue of Gud, and their
work has recently beatighed our into various aspects of
the Lilith legend, Agents of the Gravérobbefscurrently
search for a ston tablet, inscribed if' @hakfedn, that
will reveal the true name of God.

ANGELS AND D)

Angels and demons, representatives of the two trees of
‘existence, are an integral part of Kabbalistic thought. There is
no doubt that angels and demons are a part of serious study
even in the world of the Cainites.

According to the Kabbalistic paradigm, angels and demons
are not independent creatures of good ot evil, but animate
aspects. Their names give emphasis. The name of Samael, ruler
‘of demons, literally means "Blind to God," while the archangel

wriel's name translates into "Strength of God." Each angel and
demon also has associations with colors, directions, and either
emanations or Qlippoth , which renders each of them as a
collection of attributes. When a Kabbalist calls upon an angel, he
is not asking aid of a specific being, but calling for the aid of that
aspectofthedivine thatthe angel represents. BeseechingRaphael
(Healing of God) for aid is to request mercy and healing; calling
upon Gabriel is to ask for strength.

While such prayers are answered on occasion, they are
never answered by the descent of an actual embodied angel.
Rather, the supplicant simply finds himself with sudden re-
serves of the attribute he seeks. However, this sort of prayer is
answered rarely, and calling upon the sephirot is likely to draw
the attention of those with links to the Qlippoth.


‘The Kabbalistic universe is full of creatures that may or
maynot exist: the shamir,or rock-devouring worm; the takhash,
or unicorn;and the adne hasadeh, human figures with umbilical
cordsthat lead down into the earth. Allof these creatures have
been sighted, though not necessarily by authoritative sources,
in the Dark Medieval world

However, the Kabbalistic creature with the widest re-
nown is undoubtedly the golem. Created from river clay, and
prayed over by aminyan (10 men gathered for prayer),a golem
is a statue of a man imbued with life. That life lasts so long as
the wordemer (truth) iscarved into the creation'sforehead. As
soonasthe inscription changes (reports vary asto whether the
word needs to be destroyed or simply modified to met —
corpse"), the golem sinks into a deathlike slumber.

While active, the golem is the perfect servant. Tircless
and steadfast, it follows any and all commands to the letter.
Many golems are created to guard Jewish ghettos, topateol the
perimeters ofthe areas from sundown to sunrise in an effort to
keep out malefactors. Others serve as bodyguards, or as

ing guardians of specific sites.

Jems supposedly echo the hearts of those who create
soif the man who breathes life intoa golemispureofheart,
olem remains pure throughout its existence. Should, how

ever, there be the faintest hint of hateed, greed or any other
negative emotion embedded within the breast of the creator,

SAMPLE GOLEM STATIS
Physical: Strength 10, Dexterity 2, Stamina 9
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dod
tion 4
Skills: Melee 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: None

Disciplines: Golemsare considered tohave the equivalent
of two dots each of Fortitude and Potence.

Intimida.

Willpower: 10 (Oro resist the commands ofthe golem's creator)
Health: Golems have 0 Health Levels, rather than the
normal seven. A golem takes no dice pool penalties for being
injured, unless a portion of its unnatural a
physically removed. Aggravated damage does not apply toa
golem; fire, fan
much toa golet

omy has been,

ud other normal sources simply don't do
lay form (although the gotem stil suffers
nonaggravated wounds). In addition, a golem automatically
regenerates a Health Level every tum.
Note: Overanxious players may simply change in

| anal make abecline forthe creation's forehead, thus rennet
impressive and dangerous foe inert. Shoulda character attempt
immed

this maneuver, the Storyteller shou ly request just

fication forthecharacter'sknowledge of yolems— the intricacies
of Jewish mysticism a

not exactly common currency


that flaw manifests and breeds within the clay. Sooner ot later,
the golem rebels or goes insane, and must be destroyed.

‘A golemalso growsa tiny bit each day, making it increas
ingly difficult for the creature's creator to eradicate the word
onits brow. According to some legends, the daya golem grows
so tall that its creator cannot reach the inscribed emet to
remove it is the day the golem goes berserk

The methods of golem creation are closely guarded.
Golems require a tremendous amount of work, dedication and
prayer to create, so are extraordinarily rate. A rabbi must hew
a life-sized statue of a man from clay,aminyan must pray before
the ark of the covenant in the local synagogue for a fortnight,
requesting that YHVH breathe life into the creation, and the
word emet must be carved into the golem's forehead

Thefinished producthasclearly defined capabilities. Golems
are incredibly resistant to damage, and are inhumanly strong
‘One was reputed to have held up the collapsing roof of a palace;
subdued human wrongdoers easily. While golems
are never crafted with weapons, asingle blow from the fist of one
of these automatonswillshatterawooden door or fell awarhorse

others

Striking the word emet from the brow of a golem is never
an easy task. While the clay of the creation' ead i

th is rock-hard to all
saying that a golem

all the resources at its dispos

FAERIES

There was a time when meadow, grove and stream,

The earth, and every common sight.

To me did seem

Appareled in celestial light,

The glory and the freshness of a dream.

Itis not now as it hath been of yore;—

Turn wheresoe'er I may,

By night or day,

The things which I have seen I now can see no more.

— William Wordsworth, "Intimations of Immortality
from Recollections of Early childhood"

Enchanted forests, mushroom rings, magical pools, green
barrows and stone forts — throughout the Dark Medieval world,
these are known border markers between the human realms and
the lands of the fae. Here, magical energy abounds, Glamour
ules over reality, and the good folk preside over their eternal
courts. From these magical dwelling places, faerie kings and
queens lead their courtiers on nightly hunts. They sweep across
the land in search of mortals — or Cainites — to taunt. If their
quarry gives merry chase and evades them until dawn, the
‘capricious fae may reward her with a faerie treasure of curse her
for robbing them of the anticipated finale of their sport.

and smooth to its ere

others. It goes with I resist this sort

The fickle fae are enigmatic and dangerous when crossed
Their passions run wild and hot. What the fae feel, they

experience with bone-jarring intensity that can consume a

mortal or Cainite courageous enough to interact with them,

DARK AGES COMPANION

Because faeries are immortal and live in the dreams of
Arcadia as well as in the physical world, the years can pall if
they have nothing with which to entertain themselves. This
isone reason they delight in tormenting, tricking or rewarding
others. They long to play a part thatallows them vast scope to
experience strong emotions, Some, like the boggarts and
brownies, achieve this vicariously, watching their chosen
mortals duting the day and churning butter for them (or
turning it sour) as payment for the show at night. For theirown
amusement, some fae prefer to cause emotional reactions in
humans. They appear
greed, anger, fear, lave or laughter. A few fae experience
mortal life directly, undergoing a change that replaces mortals
with themselves, weaving Glamour about themselves so the
change will go unnoticed

Many set up elaborate dramas. In the dramas, each fae plays
a role mimicking that of nearby humans. They cfeate a town
ade of moonbeams and illusion whete they enact complex
enjoyable by
though thisisless

Various guises and provoke mortals to

solemnity — made all the mc
pecting moctals (or Caini

common) and setting them down in the mich

noexplanatior

by many mortalsasthe ep

peirplay with
evinced
alkavians who have
anctyicedand pleased
with their new i
Unlike the Church'
deliberately cruel, evil or treacher of the
good folk are merely curious and
those of the Unseelie Court, can be extremely dar
callous. Their tricks are designed to hurt rather th
rass; their illusions meant to lead a mortal into deadly danger.

Tue Division

Ifmortals fear the fae, however, they have only themselves,
to blame. Once, the good folk gave freely of their gifts to
humanity, but mortals began demanding what had once been
offered. The fae felt justifiably angry and began to cut their ties
to the mortal world, spending more time within the borders of
fabled Arcadia. As faeries grew more distant, many people forgot
theirkind deedsand rememberedonly their pranks. With the rise
of the Church, the faeries found themselves cast in a new role
altogether — minor demons sent to torment and seduce the
faithful. Their changeable natures and penchant for illusion
made it all the easier for the Church to blacken their names.

Unfortunately, the fae contribute to their image in other
ways as well. A wrathful sidhe knight, for example, might be
mistaken for a fallen angel, while redcaps are close enon
most people's conceptions of flesh-cating demons. Aschildren of
the Dreaming, faeries also take on characteristics assigned 0
them by popular belief. Finally, many facries have grown angry
at mortals influenced by the Church, who no longer correctly
propitiate them, These fae may deliberately assume apparent
demonic qualities when interacting with such hurnans.

us and
mbar


AND BELIEFS
‘Most peasants (and more than a few nobles) step carefully

where the fae are concemed. Its well-known that the good fol
will savagely avenge any slight or wrong done to ther, nom.

knowing they have done $0, and that only increases the tens
to unintentionally cause offense,

ind developed certain practices to minis
lity of doing so. The following represents knowledge

) believe they know about the fae

Because itis 30 «:

have compiled lor

the pos

that mortals (and most C
asant women that faeries go about their

ig splashed
sheep, chickens, geese and other d

Whethera house is blessed with an obvioushelper such as
a boggan or not, itis probably kept from harm by at least one
faerie acting as a guardian. If good things happen, itis due to
the faerie's favor; if something bad occurs, the faerie keep it
from getting worse. [is only fair, then, to leave a dish of milk
and a little bread and honey outside the door at night so the
faerie knows the household appreciates its efforts

Those fae who are not placated can dry up the milk in a
cow's udder, make chickens stop laying eggs, rot the grain in
the fields, break weapons and equipment, foul well water,
bring bad smells into the house, cause accidents, start fires,
cripple children, steal the crops, lame horses, make women
barren and lay curses on generations of family members. Some
folk are even lured to their deaths through clever illusions.
These are the dire fates that mortals seek toavert when making
offerings to faeries

despite theirbest efforts, mortals (and Cainites)

incur the wrath of the fae. Ifrch gifts or heartfelt apologies fail
the only choice |
m the good folks' ven

sovereign remedies outlined may or may not prove effective. The

CHAPTER SIX: DARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE


yp 3 sayy "ay

qinay oy «
ou pur parades

pa eu ©
MON YOY

Happ MoU
popuayo ay 02 20u 5134 9
(nog 1 dyay si a0j aude © BuNQUEYT
dTAH{ AR ONTO
yy Unouyun duI0s sey WNGAL UT TPP] OV 94

e dnd op uanpiang apep soup sdeysad ey sadsty une,

yp yo 2soyp pue ‘own 09 auzn WOH 294

unouy uo9q aney Hposuy aq "Sung Rune:
‘fuuQao ssoppua yew studied usuUO oF sare]d AI>y suiNsseE

es urwuny wr a¥eHuI.OV
pue Suyweais
pue usapjiyp years sousey snor>ypeur auiog "asINOD UNEW ayp se
4js1x8 pane or ways Bu1230y ‘pecs a3
2381 SuDUOs sdeopoy HOM Ie O5f

uayo's yesuapaaen
saan0us 19541
‘Burd 4p wy ayeur 20 — yey wy
> yeu 02 pourmzarep eyood jo jo uods au sawonag pur
sowny Jo asuas e 2e] Ajdunts dew ayer sUO ay IO ~>PHG sy
souuoo9q pue Aeme wry sored UapyeUr ae) au IY awospueY
(05 9q seus 2} "sauna: py Suueoy,
anoypEn 90uaIs1x9 319 9} 28 YL EYL
Sqynynneog os auatunnsur ue Avjd 20 Buys Aeur ays "294 >No
(02 30} 2189 a4p sped] aeyp jerio8w aX aNoge ZUR IWS AypeNsN
st a22qp ang "Garui999 ue 30 YSU e 30) UDxED dq dew Aq]
28) aya Aq poddeupry 24 02 yMpe Joy UMOUYUN I0U 19]
‘saUUDUIEG Yat PIsIND UEUIOM 2p 40 ]am Se UDxEL

py 22qp0 2194s "xday aq aande> xp j]1% Aju 20}
Buraey yo Aysiontsn 29 6

uy y 22 uodn proytian

yp auunsse jim.

24 jE BupSuey yp 02 2u0p wueY Aue "S>ueRUNDY

ne UP PY sty

o.01 Hn 26} sauaseal yp
ru oy : yom
Sew a ySnoya ‘Nuypsiueyy supry eAummey 20 SMUodeIY
uuayea Bu1oq Jo aoey> # sey poreansnus 91 os pHyD Att
Jog-upjy>>
p 2s} osje deus U2apyiy> s1atp wey 20 a20UTE OH SIOYPOWY
Oy 204 OP ftw 3999 94 {JUC)"IDAMs 30 eURS "AuoU "ANIL
upos Aoxp asne29q usso4> poopur are saigey AUEW Je 4Dye
‘aum jo Aiuayd acy 2ej jenounn ax dn SuLnoud yo smowios
pue sof ayp ye Suisuauadxa yeq © aworq pue ut dys or
Sqqumicddo Dapad & yi 95 & sOpraoad pp e Jo auaRye 94
Soquing eipeary ut saqpow aude, €or fof jo ssvas apiaond sarge,
ue ‘yusnbayut ase 9ej ap Juoure syung "watp Soyer poows ap
{Udy ]npe ue — uasp|Nyp years op ssusey =yANAY IY, 6
‘2woyy su 02 stuNaaY AySOSUEIUERSU! PTY
up "uD youq sme |EAaqq at YEN Ded 5.911385 944] "PoyasNoY yp
Suosop pu siuauiao) (ns pues ouUIED 9985 94 | "IY oy UTA
‘aang 30 ost pjoo yaw at uaaeanyp "y>ttENy
ar dite 3089335 #20 S229490 AJOY AHN aE Y>NON BuySsueyD
yp 29,0 pousar agenda veyorsi pyy>ez9s029101 Ae 644094 |
UPH ©2 9qpn soudey ayp Sea 02 posn aue sage 2ood 24} -a>eH
194) sSuyasiuey> Apps ipasodtuion-jnoj aav9} oMN ‘SOUsDey aKp

ou 20 p93 jurjaoy peroods aney ouj"9Ey 4302

node ate Ajpunos

ndaox9 wot Op UDIP ff
AL PW HL «
HOHE ONT

pUnU JEAaKpayy BKC] 94
J. tuyeas aoqour ur way

Wr Ajo
ing "spur
jemae ur
Ayd ax uodn yonor rey Suweasgy ayp jo
24p1 ing ‘saM>nNS Yons UTYALN spue]
© 3neY AeW 2e) MY] "spa9p 21094
JOY) JO AUDUSPE| MOP" se |YOW Ys URI poquied>
200
2ou21Uy Pep 2yp avewNUNy

ayo asam sureyaiy> {ay Jo sep yerdads uneza9 uo
2 Aeatiessed © UNop IysH]tI09N
40 -uns 1928)p UE Y>1e> 0 P9puarUt 22am UE} "dsoXkInd
euro 2121p 20u sem eI YsHOKD "squIOD paapuT 918 (S109
Suuas09 uayo "spunous uaqpues wos) ster

auaaey Ave]y "S5pe) pur dA Yaog St SILL BAI] YT
/puey aqp uodn sanSeyd yuo) Sug

souunauies pur peop ay Yat yeods Sap asaya ‘spuno

ur 991] s9udep eID mou 940g L9H] IL ©
SHINY 14
snopaq popwaep st 9$paprouy wouse> sour
2p yo swog "wotey HED soatUFES) 20 suEWINY, UEYP Op Ay

eye 40} SuOswas TUDDDYIP Jey aAKq Spensn dep ay YSNOyL —
urayp yo m2} P #un29U0 19909

‘duos 12!

TOLLOWUE, AWAY |

ey AUN TAY

usey uren99 3 asnytio> aq

pur saprs ues
49,9moy "\snopoatay

2) SHEL Sf

aue yyy >

yphs sasne> sae AJou pue ‘suo

on Ange

P YpiM vod 8 youn
4) NO FUE) @
purdane
{pany e ur ayes axoyazoyp s1 9G) ‘punoat AJoy Uo pe
ued JON "sa.mod AJoy apnge iouue> au *(p9Aot]4 51.24 05 40)
owunn SuIag "ssNeDIq ‘9190
© SOY aup pur s|p>quany> BurBurs 6958037) «

uP Jo sod4y YOR DUIEN §,

fe Sompourss usta

Apojaut Ayoy e Surmuny s90p se "sauzey
Smo$ uayw uost yo s0a0d jews e BULLE) »

Auua 194)

uuodeaa ost We pue 4jqusn soup

eancosip j]ta Aemacop 247 80238 FHA] 349} ]O01 30
PUNOM ILM TOM PIOD) &

wuonied seyNdH © UF YuEaY a4p sou UNINS

Soyse [IH Se "Pjoyssnoy 24 Bupaua woy soe Waraad
apyunds eg

oq uy axoqp>y Ajman YAO} WARE?
saonseal asayp ssazunosUD ays Udy POpUI}O
20 posmlu st 98) 248 s9yL9yM Uo spurdip Aensn ss9UDsRI9}9

[1 s]ps wopure pur 200p a1 ssoz
ey army OY "Ge

au ssp


Curses
* The Belief

YARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE


mortals have identified sever
number of el
forests too numerous to detail. Though in many cases, these
mortal labels are i t least incomplete), they form
the basis for what most Cainites know about the fae as well.

among them a
mental fae of the waters, mountains, fields and

iccurate (oF

There are eight ypesof faeries that are best known tothe
Dark Medieval workd

* Boggans

These feisty fae are known as hard workers. They can
perform miraculous deeds in a single night. Boggans were
originally found among the settled Germanic people, and they
reflect the pride such people take in having well-ordered
homes. Boggans often help with the housework and chores.
Homes that boast a boggan in residence are unusually well
pr and prosperous.

* Nockers

Nockers are noted for having both bad tempe
mouths. Found wherever the Earth yields
1s. If mortal minets show respect for

nd foul
ns and coal,
rockers are superb mi
nockers anal leave out bread and honey for them, these quarrel:

Jope' the m
rich veins or b thro

some fae will some als and assist them in.

find

stone whilethe mine!

h particularly dificult
arenottheretowitnessthe feat. Unh
twockers can break tools, cause cave-ins or foul the ait in their
caves, poisoning miners and driving them away
* Pooka

Pooka are known for their ability to change shape, Most
morals lump pooka in with shifter faeries (see below), and
consequently fear them unreasonably. Nor do mortals usually
realize that pookahave anaffinity toone particular typeof animal
and that this isthe only shape they can assume. Pookado love to
play pranks on mortals and supernaturals alike, though unless a
pooka is virulently Unseelie, such jokes are rarely dangerous
More often they are merely embarrassing. Pooka are incapable of
telling the truth, a factor that also leads others to distrust them,

* Redcaps

Ever hungry and foul tempered, redcaps hate mortals
(and most Cainites). Probably the single most feared race of
facrics, redcaps are noted for grouping together to attack
unwary travelers, Their name comes from their practice of
dipping their caps in the blood of their victims as they
consume the unfortunates'flesh. Some Malkaviansclaim that
redcaps are related to Cainites.

* Satyrs

Little is known concerning satyts, except in Greece.
Those who have any knowledge concerning these goat-legged
fac know them as mythological beings of ancient Greece
whose lusty passions lead them to seduce young virgins. Most
would he very surprised to meet an actual satyr

Sidhe

These tall and beautiful fac are best known in Ireland. They

tule all the other facties and the kingdom of Arcadia. Divided

DARK AGES COMPANION

into Seclie (good) and Unseelie (bad) courts, all sidhe are
powerful magicians and fearsome warriors. Theie flaming swords
can easily sever a Cainite's head from her shoulders; when in the
throes of thei wrath, they have been known to do so.
* Sluagh
These elusive fae shun the light and live in deep caves.
They have been seen in such far reaches as Scotland and
Russia. Secretive in the extreme, not much is known about
sluagh. They, on the other hand, seem to know everything
about everyone else. Many Cainites believe sluagh are related
to Nosferatu.
* Trolls
Huge and muscular, these gigantic fae are found most
Scandinavia, Germany and the British Isles. Fierce
warriors, trolls serve as guardians for the other fae, particularly
the sidhe, and are rumored to be the guardians of faerie
oneof their mighty waraxescan cleave
inite in two. Many mortals believe that trolls will turn to
stone if they are abroad when daylight comes.
More information on these faerie kith may be found in

The Dark Ages

Chapter Nine of Vampire

y
OTHER FAE

Though | am old with wandering

Through hollow lands and hilly lands,

I will find out where she has gone,

And kiss her lips and take her hands;

‘And walk among long dappled grass,

‘And pluck till ime and times are done,

The silver apples of the moon,

The golden apples of the sun.

—W.B. Yeats, "The Song of Wandering Aengus"

‘Some faeries are indigenous to specific locales of the Dark
Medieval world. Many are thought to be singular beings, while.
others band together and are known as "trooping faeries."
Generally, singular fae tend to be mote powerful than indi-
viduals within groups. Both are becoming increasingly rare as
their groves and secret glens are invaded and the Church
makes inroads into the hearts and minds of the people. Many
withdraw further from the world, leaving for Arcadia.

ALFAR

Also called elves, these Norse fae are often mistaken for
a version of the sidhe. Alfar are the fac least likely to be
encountered on Earth as they usually dwell entirely within
theirown realmsof the otherworld, Whenever someone meets
an Alfar, he can be certain that the elfis on a significant quest
ot mission, Such fac usually have powerful faerie treasures and
potent Glamour (faerie magic) with which to protect them
ost often found in the lands that will become
Denmark, Finland, Russia, Germany and
fe two distinct types of Alfa, each of which

resides in its own realm


saqpoue wioy Uajors aid v Soop IXAU WHE) aXp UO) UaxeD sha
poimped Aprou on uayeave Kew (rurey yp sty "sua}aara pur
sioqysiou toy poau Aaqp 2ey » Suyjears Aq sploypsnoy Uas0y>
apYp diay "sGnowop Ayjerradsa ‘saude ates x2 y.
ssassedsan sv 998 Aoyp asoup
0) a8ewep jemrde asne> Ajaies saus9e) aBeN0> ‘s9AaMoY "sUERt
-qeyur ap 01 wwiey sueDUL JoMsIA atp ss9]UC| ‘apisino sieanad
Japuayo ayp yHUN mos ueD soraey ay reyp asj> FurpAue
pure soo ‘syisuain ‘suoupjne> Sur4yj Aq parynesse are 191U9 02
An oym asoy 1 ‘asnoy e Suysaiua wioyy Ajrusey eyo spuaay 8994
Asnojeaf s1ayp uayss aynoyyip auios2q ues Ay "AjwiEy ay
40 S90} 20 spuiaiy Aaya aq — staprsino woy sowwoY Uasoy 11o4
ppuend ang ‘sannp pjoyasnoy uiepsip souaey aBeno> awog
"Adno00 Aatp soto
‘asoym asoup 10) 29}se9 Yon 9; 9xEUH S9}9Ey aB!EN209 IY 10}
ano ya| st (Aouoy 3021q e 9414 Jo YsIp e) UOHEIDaxdde Jo Uax0I
Jeuis auios se Buoy se pure yom Kup se wayp Jo ysis sayoIED
340 OU Se Buo} Og 1004 v 40} says Ysa4y UT BUIBULIG 02 5809
Supyqrus wo — sa104y> poyasnoy snonea wiopiad awiog
Burpopp yeonsesd 4aqos 404 aouazajand w oney ype AOL
‘saqzea 20]09 a4 pure Je}] "$901 pue sxoRuy BuO} pue s91poq
Up Yim ‘suewny ueyp aajyews ApYsts 9q 01 puDr saH9Ej
8en209 ‘snors 2eyNowlOs puE u0Ys se BuLseadde ueYp J9yReY
sueS¥oq wo) 2UazayIp A1Da.99 01 ples are Uads Ud9q 2avy OYA

804] uasaid s] uo Aue Uay a[qistaut UyEWaI s9p9ey a8ENIO
SOW "Spfoyasnoy Udsoy> s}ayp punowe sopinp AueUI UNOpIId
Aoyp ‘ue8¥oq 10 ayuMoIy ay or uNsNOD "uIedg UF sepuanp

pue ess ut AGnowop se unouy axe fay fadtoung jo yon ino
-ySnoxt s1a00 20 sqpo0g '5y>049xq Pa||eC) DBeNFur] [E29]
uo Buipuadap ‘saniary afeni03 07 uaayd axe soweu suey,
ARIA AOWLLOS)
‘won aroad sty s9pun uDxe1 sey ay sUOAUE Or AyjerDads9
— snoxau8 pue pury s} oye sryenieas 20 ‘a]quian sandwea
Sueu soyeur ream 9501s 14S} 24p Jo zeyjP AaBue ue arUNosUa
01 ajqissod st 21 ‘suoneandos asaxp Supueasyrpmoy ‘sortutE)
{ys uoUUOD wy 210 ax€Y pjnom Aatp PaAdt]ag sta] "sjeoUE
pie 01 Sunjtm ss9] pue parsin ‘jiaa se usas ase s9u0 ep ay
(sanures ‘Ajqewnsaad pue) sjenous jo auesajor pue 1n4S]>4,
a20w se Uaas are saya 24S 942 "AI]EIAUAD "Yr0q 29 UD Ad
40} ‘peq 40 pos are sejje au s9ypayM Aes 02 1ND1YP $12]
‘ysy © 30 ypeaug au
[pUe ]]e}2100} 5,29 Jo punos ay ways Suoure 'sBuUNYp ajqissodusy
Xx] JO apews s1 ysea] ayp ‘uoggu e se 14817 "pHoM ay2 Jo pud
‘4p jun pazayar nou s} oy om amp ayp Hsuag sueYD IE
sanay ayp poreas> seyjerseAs ayy ‘Saye aw 01 BuIpIOIDy
(paynonag 124 Jo ano} a4p wade 40 purus Jo a2¥ad ‘Aspamof
saypo ‘Aauout) sanyea uosiad 242 asja Sutpratwos Suronssp
20 fey 4y8n we ovuy Ajenpeas ay BuiBuey> "apjo> moa8 aaeay
5 4auMo atp Supyeus se yons :pasn aze Aatp JATUdY!NI809 8 Ard}
stoyig (9s]2 auoaWos dwar pue a1aymasja 2eaddeos 02 4|U0)
seaddesip pute ‘samod 2121p) uo 1uapuadap s} ays 220 uosiad
1 woy saajasuayp asaum Aeus 22mod aa18 aeyp sBupZ owWOg

say uodn 190d smonsaq 1130 f9angeUE aDHY OD AaEAHOD KEM U
{ur 298 02 294 HuIsneD"JeA20UL W 29.40 NOW| aLUOS SISK JOYLD
Huu y -(omures 10 jenow) ssssv9m 4p OF JaRePsIp 40 a}qnONL
Sung 2eyp sun peo}Sew Bur Uorysyy st saysyyap ssoreass s19tp Jo
2uQ "sI9Woamp jeorsew auaod WDIp AuLa18 snowe|D aHdey
pia pasnyn are Auews ‘swaar pjoyssnoy jnjasn 20 ‘sodeam
‘owne "4sjamaf aaxpayyqy "stuart jnytneag pue Sulzewe SuIGO}
<ysey yexoupyws a1oyp UF aplad aedIB oer seyperEAs YL
‘uostod stip 01 a10p
hue 9tp 40) afueyoxo ut asinbas saaja pep yp rey smOU
NOON "Warp pudyo oY s[Enow Uodh UOstod Aypeap ayreI3q,
Avur soay9 >Jlep 94p aeyp posouina s1 at ‘azouaKpang -(ypeap
saumauios pue) ssauypis sasne> rey uo yim ang "dagjs
sosne> aeyp aouersgns & yim poddn sou st asn Aayp 2OYs-j]9
ay "seads pue spuows ‘reas ureyd s9yoad osje seyenzeAg
soangeu ond 0 sueay rep A aua2ax9 ssass0d 30 ssoupeUt JOsiNOq
Jeuorseo20 woy sayns UayO paunoyep Ayjerrshyd 9q 02 seadde
JOU Op OY soy], "(pueY Parsi 40 200}q]> "YPeqyDUNY ev)
Arunoyep auos axey watp Buowe Aureus pu s949 eq pure sey,
2PeIQ aaKy wsopy saypo]D pom se pousayoxd st sead HunyIWs poe
Su1unw qeap "y2¢q|"asyis 30 pfo8 Onur 22s swa8 poysyjod pue nd
Apajiad 4q yo 295 0109 pation-Jamaf ‘daop aayaad seypenress ax
"049 2194p stung Y>}yse AYSITUNS O2 OUD s9}9x4 Jee AEP ay
‘siazaouos pur syns ‘satus auessind aze Aaya asneaog ‘s32eyed
ens(ao uy apisausoaya aup 2324 ‘As Auras pouayep esepun spe
‘usdo 01 ews aar3 sjauum Supsta "yes ayp sapun stra" ay
{Ut punoy pur] Aysnp e ‘waxppenteag wt |jamp saaja pep ax
(avjndod st Aepe pueszeas 8) aun jo pouiad jqeuosear eur
swi9r ayp []y|Ny 01 sooI9y 40} apQIssod aq asNUL AY ‘sHOsUED
‘a1 pur fouano! ayy sasoreyay "(sure s]]9% tp Jo dosp e
40 Hurfag pu ayt] Jo] 9p sprens ops adios popamof yp
puyjor pom aya jo spury asowuarses ayp o1 Suyasen se ysns)
Siuaipaasuy puy-orajnaygip 20 affuens yo yoreas uy staunol
Huo] 9:
242 2e pautuuoiap st 2oys-y]9 Jo Wnd}s E UaxENe OD PO}LYINY
‘2g asnuu reyp asanb ay ‘svaypO Jo sH4OYD ayp YFNoNp 1d99x9
pauayeae 29 20UNeD loys-y]> 02 Aond |]ey OYN 950K]
<dagjs parueyoua ‘daap &
‘omut j]2y 014g 214 asoup sasmee> retp aouersgns e Yam poddn
pue sjjods yam anoge punom mouse ue s) yoy ‘2OYs-s]2 957
‘autlog "spuoms pue saxe ‘sseads Suo} pur jrew wreyd zajoad seye
soy] 9p Buowre ssonie,,\ "spreag eau Ut sey 2124) Je9M AoKp
pue parapiosqwa Ayareogeja yjensn st Bunpo9 ary
snjuad [eouid] jo 38 auyp sworsaq reYp M94q UaIOS
‘peapys.2904 joqUUpe [er0W e200) AuoneY 105413 YSNOM
poonpuy aq Aeu sounauios pue ‘siaouep pue srz0d ‘sue!>
-isnuu parou ae s9aj9 2yS}] ay "suedwO> puosag sfomze
se poansean ae saunsadei as0tjn si9aeaM pue sioutuds paiou
aie uswom seyje awog "Aipuegsny pue aumjnouse ‘2/Seu
[nydjay ur Jooxa pur ‘sjewtre 240} ‘siojo2 aysug axope sejye
soy] $049 1481 pure yey ate) Yay "per age pue auTYsumNs ax
ao} AOuLL "Arunog pure 421]1229} Jo pur] ste ‘AurUNs e "WHOAYTY
Jo WopSury ayp UF aarp (2E;]e Sor] 40) saaqo 24H] ay

ou} Ayjensn sank yong -apeur st wou aya oun


seighbor's windowsill, or aridinghorse (with tack) taken from
aslecping traveler staying at an inn. Cottage fae do not take
1 such items be returned

A few cottage facties are jealous, hateful beings who move
into houses and try to destroy everyone in them. Their usual
protective and helpful natures somehow become twisted into
madness. They are noted for throwing furniture around. These
fac arc highly dangerous — even two Cainites — and have been.
known to seriously injure (some say, kill) vampires who have
taken shelter for the day in seemingly abandoned dwellings

Cainites will most often meet cottage faeries in theit roles
asguardians. While not usually considered the most powerful
wumber of tricks (invisibility
among them) that allows them to match wits with vampires
and win. Cainite lore tells of an unfortunate vampire whotried
tofeed from a person living in a house claimed by a cottager.
The facrie's potent illusions tricked the Cainite into the fite,
where itis said his ashes remain to this day

THE ERLKONIG
This sin call
wherever alfar are known. The Erlkoni

ing") isa tall, regal elf wh wears

of fae, cottage faeries have

lar factie. ly erg, is found

(which means "elf
wn. He usually
dak green in summer
winter. Some say that the Erlkoni
wx. As such, he rides a faerie steed through the ait, with
faerie hounds belling, horas sounding and courtiers shrieking
as they trick an unfortunate victim through the night. If
someone pursued by the wild hunt escapes it until dawn, she
is fee to g0.

Usually, the Erlkonig works alone as a portent of death,
When he appears toone who is about todie, his visage depicts
thetype of death the person faces; if the Erlkonig grimaces, the
death will be painful, while a peaceful look portends an easy
death. While many claim thatonce someone sees the Erlkonig,
her death is inescapable, others say the elf king always offers
the person a reasonable chance to escape. Sometimes, the
condemned must answer a riddle or solve a puzzle. Other
times, she must defeat the Erlkonig in some sort of challenge
(combat, storytelling, extemporancous poetry) in order to
survive the experience. To some, this sad-faced fae appears as
soldier. Ashe approaches, he holds upa bloody red hand and
indicates that he wishes to fight a duel. Ifthe person accepts
the challenge, he inevitably loses, and isdoomed to die within
a formighe.

Many say that the Erlkonig is the king of the lios alfar, a
goodthearted by
dying. Others claim that he is one of the svartalfar, who steals
the souls of those he condemns, us
power. It isunknown whether any Cainite facing Final Death
has ever seen the Erlkonig

is the master of the wild

ng whose job itis to collect the souls of the

them toincteasehisown,

DARK [AGES COMPANION

GIANES

The name gianes is Italian, but these wise and dangerous
fac are known as shogrsa, spinners and weaver faeries in places
throughout Europe, Russia and Scandinavia. They usually
appear as unattainable young and beautiful women, older
grandmotherly women, or owls. Rarely, gianes assume human
male form. Those who do prefer to dress in long concealing
garments with hoods.

Gifted with powerful prophetic and time magic, weaver
facties are able to provide potent divinations. By staring into
theie spinning wheels as they turn, they are able to foresee the
future for whomever provided the materials for spinning.

sme gianes use other divinatory methods, such as interpret-
ingthe waves created by dropping stones ina pool, ot watching
leaves blown by the wind. Whatever method they employ,
however, it always involves motion of some sort

The gianes' predictions are always accurate, though some
aspects of them may change due to actions taken to prevent
them. The gianes never sweeten their prophesies; only those

th should ask them abour the
acular gifts come with a high

who want the unvamished tr

future. Furthermore, their

they always ask for
t, but which

fo return for their knowle

mortal danger. The gianes see
this asa game; they don't intend for anyone to get hurt
Gianeshavebeen known tomake predictions for Cainites
whoask nicely enough or whocan be required to giftthefaeries
with something mortals have no chance of obtaining. Con
versely, at least one Cainite has found herself the target of a
persistent hunter who was required by the gianes to fetch a

vampire's blood in return for a prophecy,

Tue Hac

Known tosome as the Blue Hag, to othersas Black Annis
or the Lady of Death, the hag ismost often described as asingle
individual. The name hag derives from the words hekau (the
Hebrew word for "wisdom") or hagi (a Norse word meaning
"sacred grove"). In either case, the term denotes a holy or wise
woman of priestess who knows words of power and who can
predict the future. Often depicted as being from Scotland, the
hag can be found as far away as Egypt and the Holy Land.

Anold woman in tattered black ot blue garments, the hag
walks at night and carries a staff carved from holly. A carrion
crow rides on her shoulder. Reputed toknow the fate ofanyone
she meets, she is often depicted as wearing a veil, implying that
no man is permitted to know the manner of his death. In
Brittany and France, the hag is known as the Korrigan, who:
appears as a lovely, desirable woman by night and as a hideo
crone by day. Some say if a suitor truly cares for her and does

not repudiate her by day, she becomes beautiful all the time

Many believe that the hag is not a faerie at all, but an avatar

the three-fold goddess in hee crone aspect


Legend depicts her as bad tempered and easily angered if
she touches anyone with her staff, they will die. Cainites may
simply enter torpor (though the sun will then kill them if they
aren't under cover by daybreak). Those who treat her with
respect may
ease her, she has been known to give cryptic clues that
k to buried or lost treasure, or advice that saves them much
grief. Her knowledge and wisdom are legendary, and those who
seekhertoleam that kno
require a price, however. Depending on her mood, the gifts
offered her, the respect shown her and the reason so
her knowledge, she may ask
wooden comb, or as difficult to
n the highest peaks of the Carpathians.

scape this fate and may even find fortune. To those

edge are rarely turned away. She does

« something as easy
inasasmall pink flower thar
grows only
hag is most powerful during the winter months,
following San ties her staff during the summer
onths, reacquiring it each year on Samah

ain, and she
n Eve. Ifone can

¢ is believed to gain power over all humans
she herself knows many healing herbs and tincture
y even be effective on vampires, het blood is said to be

Keepsh

vasily in Russia, ¥;
throughout E
see if they are worthy of having a

herding facties usually test mortals to

imals under their care
like pooka, shepherding

ssume animal form. Some

Rumored tobe shapeshiftersn.
faeries in actuality, rarely (ifever
take the shape of grotesque-looking old men ot women, but
t often they appear as normal shepherds, goatherds, pig
herders, goose girls or grooms. Whenever they do take on
animal form, it is usually to test herd owners or caretakers
sm they suspect might be mistreating their creatures.
These fac can be beneficial or harmful depend:
portals with whom they interact. Some appear at
Ifallowed
me, they reward the kind host by

jmittance to the hous


available food in older pastures if new ones aren't available
Furthermore, they make certain that water sources used by
their flocks are clean and free of obstructions (like hidden,
broken branches under the water) that might cause injury to
animals drinking from them.

While they understand that people keep herd beasts for
their usefulness (be it wool, milk or meat), shepherding faeries
punish those who mistreat animals. They would not harm
someone who slaughtered a pig for its meat — that is afterall,
the beast's purpose — but should that person starve or beat the
animal, he would incur the fae's wrath. The faerie is usually
content merely to steal the entire herd and add it to his ever:
growing tlock, but occasionally, an enraged fae may curse or
even attack the careless or cruel master:

Though their main concem is with the animals, some
shepherding faeries take it quite badly when good masters are
harmed. They go beyond protecting or avenging animals to
performing the same services for the humans who ¢

Mdsuch fallprey t fae
who watche ght goto battle on a victim's behal

SHIFTERS
While all fae are dangerous when crossed, certain fae
Jon't seem to have a good side to their personalities. M
these extremely dangerous fac hateall other creaturesand seek
to harm them at every opportunity. Though most of their
victims are humans, some have been known to tangle with
Cainites who get in their way orannoy them. Most such fae are
known as shifters because of their ability to assume other
ind because of their alien natures
‘Once such fae were mere tricksters, but, angered by
mortals' treatment of their faerie kin, many have become
‘nown as eles in Romania and eastern Europe, lutin in
and paingjainen in Italy, Germany and Austria, and
sometimes linked to kelpies in Scandinavia and the British
Isles, shifters take on various forms to lure the unwary
ome may look like normal humans and sing or dance to
entice victims to them. These forms re always flawed in some
way. The faerie may look like a beautiful young girl, but she
maybe coveringa longcat'stail under voluminousskirts, or bat
wings under a cloak. Some may also take on forms that seem
better than possible, becoming (for example) a handsome
young man who is a perfect physical specimen. In both cases,
the fae use their Glamour to blind mortals to theit real shapes,
which are often hunched and ugly. The shifters who take on
these forms seduce their chosen victims, visiting them night
after night once they have initially met. They feed upon both

the creative energies and the blood of theit paramours, weak-
ening them daily until the people die. Rumor tells of a Cainite
who fell prey to a shifter and was reduced to a husk by this
pseudo vampire, justas fhe had been diablerized. It isalso said
that the faerie acquired his victim's Cainite powers.


Other shifters prefer more outrageous forms, appearing in
such guises as large, upright cats, sea horses, mountain ponies,
and surprisingly large hounds. Many of them, such as the cats
and hounds, speak to their victims, persuading the hapless
dupes to follow them. The evil faeries promise to show where
treasure is buried or swear that the king of the faeries will owe
the person a favor in return for assisting them in some labor.
Once in private and away from any witnesses, shifters attack
and devour a gullible fool

Those who become sea horses and ponies do not speak,
but appear as enticing as possible, trying to lure someone into
mounting them foraride. The journey they then take the rider
on isa hellish nightmare, Sea horses grab hold of an adventur-
ous rider and drag him to the bottom of the sea, drown him,
then feast on his flesh

Pony shifters mightalso be called nightmares, for they run
away witha rider, magically holding her so she cannot fal off,
then race over the roughest and most frightening terrain they
can find (such as along slender and treacherous mountain
trails high in the Alps). Pony shifters delight in and feed from
the terror of those who ridethem. Attheendof ajourney, they
throw their victims off, ugh and run away. They mark the
riders, however, learning theie particular "feel." That night
and every night thereafte
person, drinking in the resulting terror. Ifthe dreams are not
stopped, the person eventually dies of exhaustion and fright

they send virulent nightmares toa

The final type of shifter assumes the form of an inanimate
object and causes trouble, Such shifters have been known to
take the shapes of farming tools, wagons, barrels, and even
clothing. Tools then move themselves, sometimes appearing
among a neighbor's possessions and causing arguments about
ownership, or charges of theft. Wagons roll away unexpect-
edly or break down when loads are placed inside them. Barrels
spring leaks, and clothing twists around the person who dons
it, tripping her, wrapping her tightly or even binding her toa
tree,

A favorite ploy among these types of shifters isto assume
the shape of gold nuggets or other valuables. They incite greed
among potential owners, then stip away and into someone
else's purse or disappear just as the person prepares to pay for
something with his newfound wealth. These shifters seem to
gain whatever sustenance they need from the irritation and
anger they engender. While not as dangerous as shifters who
devour theit victims, they can still cause considerable trouble.

a a

WHeN Fair Meets Fou
CFHERIES AND CHINITES)

For the most patt, faeries and Cainites tend to travel in
different circles, f vampires don't go looking for the fae, they
probably won't be bothered by them. Still, there are certain
vampires who acquire a taste for exotic blood or who believe

th may know some vital information, These Cainites
may seek out the fe for ood orill. Their reception dependson.
what type of faerie they seek, what kind they find, what they
want and how they approach the fae in question.

‘A mote disastrous situation for a Cainite might occur if
she unwittingly drinks from a mortal whom a fae considers to
be under his protection. The fae make jealous guardians and
would consider such an action a blatant attempt to steal the.
mortal in question. Such affronts do not go unpunished, and
the Cainite might never know what hit her or why

Some fae are more tolerant of Cainites than others,
believing vampires to be distant kin. According to faerie lore,
and made them into what they are. Many pity theit fallen kin.

and, if flattered or cajoled, might aid them

Other faeries find the presence of vampires extremely
distasteful, seeing them as terrible reminders of what might
befall them if they ever give in to thei baser instincts. These
fae shun va ver possible and seek to force them
away from their territories if they stray too close.

The most sensitive faeries feel pain when in the presence
of vampires. These immortals feel the icy hand of mortality
stretching out toward them, freezing the laughter in their
hearts whenever they encounter vampires. They flee Cainites
and seek to kill them if the vampires follow.

‘One exception to all these is the Malkavian clan. Many
fae consider the Malkavians the only acceptable Cainites,
recogniting their madness as the vampires' attempts to em-
brace their fe heritage again and emerge once more into the
Dreaming that lays on the other side of madness.

‘The fachave many Arts that they use toannoy, embarrass
or even kill Cainites who displease them. The profusion of
Glamour and strength of thei magic during this time makes
them more than a match for any single vampire, and possibly
for a whole group. Smart Cainites walk softly around the fae
and speak respectfully

pires wh

CHAPTER SIX: DARK MEDIEVAL EUROPE:



\
(eo

npter Seven: |

\

Snfeenalism |

Y¥WOoe fo the ithabifers of the
cacth anid of the seat for the devil
is come dovon unto you, bavirig
great vocath, because heknovweth
that be hath but a shoct fire.

— Revelations 12312

\
{:
|

Beyond thesarctuacy of the Orucch
Z) lies & woud of total datkress. To the
K Dark Medieval mind, the forces of Sa-

fan ave a ceal and potent threat, and
¢ these fears are made manifest through
) the schemes of infernalists, who seek to
\ being their dark mastersinto the woud

CHAPTER SEVEN: INFERNAUSM

ws S

f
fi)
|

A id

THE Roaps TO HELL

There are many roads to Hell and many who walk into the
darkness. Some are tricked by demons or bought by false
promises; others willingly choose the shadow over the light. It
issaid thar the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, but
in the Dark Medieval world this isnot true. The road to Hell
ispaved with mistakes, dark longingsand unsatisfied lusts. The
following sections examine how demons tempt characters,
and how a character's personality is the Devil's best friend.

PRIDE

Pride was the sin which led to Lucifer'sfall —he who was
brightest and greatest among the Host of Heaven is now Lord
of the Endless Dark because of this single flaw in character.
Sinful pride always involves the lesser sins of jealousy and
envy; at its simplest level, pride manifests as the desire for
someone else's property or position.

A demon who seeks a character's soul may first let the
character experience a little humility by destroying and frus:
trating her schemes, then offe character to res
what she has lost. Or, ademon may appear before the chz er
in some beguiling shape, offering her some way of furthering
her plans. Should a; ment be reached, the character has
taken her first step on the road to Hell.

est problem facing the medieval mentality was
despair. Livingconditions were sufficiently harsh that many people
deemed suicide a better option than living. Christian proscription
against suicide originates in this period because it wasso prevalent
—the soulsof those who commit suicide are resigned toan etemity
in Hell. Demons grow faton human misery and promote despair in
the interests of reaping new souls for Hell's fires

When someone has lost everything or can see no way out
of the monotony of life (endless monotony in the case of a
vampire), that person is vulnerable to demons. Doubts and
regrets leave them open to the whispers of demons suggesting
an alternative to suicide: infernal power.
PERVERSITY

Some few infernalists have walked the tainted path out of
sheer perversity. Their inner demons offer greater torments
than the forces of Hell, and they face damnation with some
pleasure and few regrets. A few souls actively seek out the
darkness. To satisfy their lust for evil, they commit blasphe-
miesand all on the Devil to take notice of their actions. Most
ofthese fools ae left to their own damnation, but, should their
chosen evil be particularly inventive or simply impressive,
demons occasionally answer their cal.

IGNORANCE
Ie is possible for a character to be so thoroughly tricked

thar he never knows he is dealing with a demon until the ve
end of the association, if ever. Demons take on many forms,


pretending to be ordinary mortals or even vampires. In this
manner they become trusted companions who disguise dam.
nation with friendly words.

Last ror Power

Demons offer wealth equal to that of kings, satisfy any
lust, answer any question (though their answers will almost
always be misleading) and satiate the grossest appetite. Infer-
nal power providesa quick and easy path to whatever the heart
desires. The price, though, is always higher than one expects.

TRICKERY

Ifa demon can s, it will try
deception and trickery.Gamesofchance with unusual wagers,
strangers who propose odd challenges, and the like should all
be avoided if one wishes to keep one's soul.

Suppictt
Asa character becomes entangled in infernal intrigues,

ted and weighed down with sin. This is
indicated within the chronicle by the character's growing

ot win a soul by fair me:

her soul becomes
reliance on demonic aid for even simple tasks. Contact with
the infernal, whether directly or through the learning of
corrupt powers, gradually wears away a cter's personality
until there is very litele of the original person left when the
demons finally claim her. Indeed, an infernalist may welcome
Final Death, as it at least promises an end to life's constant
struggle and pain.

The idea behind a Supplicium (which means both "en-
treaty" and "sacrifice") is that contact with infernal forces
gradually turnsa character fromher chosen Road toward the Via
Diabolis, The character's soul becomes a battleground between
her old Road and her growing infernal taint. Eventually, even
the most hardened and stoic individual succumbs to the temp-
tations offered by Hell and becomes irrevocably damned. Atthis
time itis best to consider the grand finale ofthe character'sstory,
and how he should take his leave of the mortal coil

A Supplicium is a journey within the character's soul,
directed by his infernal tempter. Supplicli may be run one-c
one, with the Storyteller playing the role of the demon and
describing all the action, though they are often more reward-
ingif you use troupe-style play (wherein the other playershelp
to torment their comrade).

The following section presentsasystem by which one can
measure a character's fall into damnation. Itis hoped that the
processis oleplayed — the only good thing that can came out
‘ofdealing with the infernal powers isthe drama ofa character's
destruction — but this system allows the descent to be quan-
tified

Tue Downwarb SPIRAL

A character falls into a Supplicium whenever he makes a
pact witha demon, increases his power in Dark Thaumaturgy
gainsaan infernal investment or otherwise openshimself othe

influence of Hell and its minions.

The Storyteller, asthe tormentingdemon,runsa personal
passion play for the victim of the Supplicium. This play
confronts the victim with his sins and forces him into further
damnation. This passion play should involvea direct.
the character's weaknesses. (Note: We said the character's
weaknesses. This should never be an attack on a player's
personality. Suppliciiare always roleplayingexperiences, never
excuses for psychological bullying.)

The Storyteller should consult the other players concern
ing the course of the Supplicium and possible escapes for the
character in question. This consultation is very important
not only can the other players provide insights into their
‘companion's character, but priorconsultation also enables the
players to ready themselves for their part in the Supplicium.

When a character is forced into a Supplicium, she be-
comes the center of a perverse drama acted out by demons
intent on breaking her personality. Within the Supplicium,
nightmare logic rules. The characteris confronted with past

kon

tnistakes, previous vietimsand personal failings, Thecharacter's
reality becomes warped by the demons: Objects appear and
disappear, people turn into nightmarish versions of them
selves, escapeisheld upbefore thecharacterand then snatched
away. Often the Supplicium revolves around a si

probably one that caused a degeneration check, For example,

if the character frenzied and killed an innocent in a previous
game sesion, the demon might appear as thar innocent and
demand restitution for his death,

Whatever form the Supplicium takes, it should urge the
character toward a previous poor or immoral decision. This
choice should revolve around a roleplaying eventin which the
tormented character gets a chance to atone (the character in
the previous example could swear to find the bystander's
family and help them in some way). If the character fails to
accept this penance, the demon has won, and the character
must accept the Supplicium's consequences.

CONSEQUENCES

If the demon successfully enacts the Supplicium, the
characterautomatically loses Via point. (Thereisno remorse
roll for this degeneration.) Should the character's Via rating
drop to zero, he automatically switches to the Via Diabolis
(rating of 1) rather than be overcome by his Beast (see
‘Vampire: The Dark Ages page 132 for the consequences of
switching Roads). Once on the Via Diabolis, the infernalist is
unable tochange hisdestiny unlesshe decides tobreak entirely
with the forces of Hell.

The consequences are slightly different ifthe character is
already on the Via Diabolis, The aim of the Supplicium in this
case is to reduce the infernalist's control of himself by such a
degree that the demon can take possession of his boy. An
upplicium stil loses Via point, but if
his Road rating reaches zero, he is plunged into one final
Supplicium for his very existence, If he
soul is plunged into the Pit and the demon takes up residence

infernalist who fails a

ils this last test, his


in the empty shell of hisbody. Should the infernalist succeed,
1 in the Via Diabolis, leaving him shaken
and barely in conteol of himself

INFERNALISTS
Ther
this period — the idea that Satanism could be organi
that infernalists would band together, is alien to the medi
period. Infernalists are those rare people who possess a dedi
cated mind and a propensity for evil great enough to seek
power and companionship from inhuman forces. Each is
jealous of his status with the forces of Hell and scornful ofother

he regains one

re no great Satanic conspiracies across Europe in

practitioners of the black arts. Damnation is an individual
journey that brooks no fellow travelers

An infernalist typically surrounds herself with a cule of
followers (servantsand sacrifices) bur keeps the greater partofher
knowledge secret. She corrupts othersas offerings roher demonic
tnuaster, NOt Lo spr
soul-In very rare casesa Luciferian n
bur the relati
companion will, in fime, attempe to betray the other:

takeon an apprentice,

intagonistic — each fearing that her

THe Back PuGRIMacE
AND THE Devit's Mark

Many infernalists take the Black Pilgrimage, a deliberare

inyesion of theact of pious Chistians, and set out forChorazin,

the ancient center of Baali power. Few outside infernal circles

understand what this act entails, but the following was found in

the writings of one who had taken the dark path: "If any man
desires to obtain a long life, if he would obtain a faithful
essenger and see the blood of his enemies, itis necessary that
the should first go into the city of Chorazin, and there salute the
Princeps Aéris." Chorazin is rumored to lie somewhere near the
ruins on the north shore of the sea of Galilee.

The dedicated in
whatever wasteland holds the ruins ofthis dark city, commit.
ting acts of evil along the way so as to be able to present a
catalogue of sins to his masters. f the infernalist succeeds in
this task, his infernal masters grant him great power and
rewards and affirm his pact with Satan. The inf
ceives the Devil's Mark, a sign upon his body indicating that
he is in the service of Hell. The Inquisition zealously seeks
such marks, using them to prove the guilt of their prisoners.

Cnuoty PLAces

There are pl the laws of nature,
humanity and God are overthrown and the infernal holds
sway. Such placesare shunned by all good folk, and on certain
nights (when fires are lit on mountainsides and the air seems
full of noise) people lock their doors, shutter their windows
and peay that the Devil merely passes by

alist sets out across Europe into

alist re-

s in the world wher

In such places, infernalists work their rituals with greater
and the internal powers

Unholy places are

attered actoss Europe, fron the

DARK AGES COMPANION

Pictish ruinsof Hibernia to the crossroadsof Roman roadsin Italy

and S se infernal regions even broadcast their evil
within great cities, asstones that oncemarked the meeting places
of inferalists are torn down and worked into new buildings

n, but
ny others: the ruinsof Babylon, whichare haunted
by bloodthirsty demons; Mons Veneris in the Italian Alps,
where there is a gateway to a realm of pleasure lorded over by
the Queen of Succubi; and St. Patrick's Purgatory in Ireland,

where a dark cave is rumored to lead into Hell itself

The most vile of all these damned places is C

therearen

At such places the Storyteller should eel free to increase the
Dice Pool of any infernal action and restrict the power ofthe Faith-
related activities by any amount she seesfit.A faintly infernal site,
like the birthplace ofa Luciferian ora forgotten siteof sacrifice calls
for a one-lie modifier, while a hideous altar used to call upon
infernal lords every midnight sugzests a five

UNunoty RELICS AND INFERD
The bleakness of damnation does not insplee hope — and so

there is no "anti-Faith." Infernalists fill this gap in theie lives with,
themagic demons teach them and with a Faith in theirunhely host

ie adjustment.

L Farrit

Certain relics of infernal power hive been ereared by

ated Luciferians working with demonic artisans, The

ucts of this unholy alchemy are varied and are guarded
jealously by their owners. Some infernal objects are sentient
and itis not always clear who is master and who is servant

The most potent unholy relics are the Talons of Saran,
supposedly the claws that were torn from the Dark One's
fingers as he grabbed the Earth on his plunge into Hell
Infernalistssay that there are five of these relics, one hidden on
each of the known continents, and more in lands yet to be
«l. The Talons, ifthey could be found, would be relies
of near-limitless power, allowing the wielder to reshape Eu-
rope and beyond. Luckily, they are all lost.

Many lesser relics exist, as do the charms and amulets of
individual infernalists; these mystical talismans gift their users
with powers equivalent to the lower levels of certain Disci-
plines, but often have cortuptive side effects, sometimes

inducing Supplicit in their owners.
CLAN INFERNALISTS

Even the proudest Cainite may be humbled by the forces,
of the Devil. The following section looks at individual clans'

viewson infernalismamong their own, and suggests what path
such a damned vampire might follow.

disco

Assamite
Rare is the Assamite who falls prey to demons — the
tenets of the Via Sanguinius hold that dealing with demons is
ateapfor the weak,and Clan Assamite isneverweak. Infernalists
of this clan are viciously hunted down by their brethren, and
great honor accrues o the vampire who performs the purifying
killin
even drink the vitae of an infern

So hated are the infernal powers thar Assamites will

preferring to let the

blood be wasted rather than contaminate their numbers


ES

Ni

An Assamite infernalist is secretive and deadly, trading
with demons for the powers that he cannot learn on his own.
Such an infernalist pursues a twisted version of the Road of
Blood, dedicat

Brujah

Brujah's weakness when dealing with the Devilisthe desire
they hold for knowledge; beneath theit warriors' hearts lie
scholars' minds. Many Brujahhave been seduced by Hell through
promises of ancient knowledge and dark secrets; others have

he souls he destroys to his dark masters.

believed that the powers granted by demons can be tured to
good use. All have fallen in the end. The clan's tradition of
fellowship hinders the purging of infernalists,as most Brujah feel
that a fallen comrade is redeemable. Such idealistic folly has
allowed demons ntice coteries at once
A Brujah infernalist finds his rage channeled into Hell's,
work. Scholarly pursuits are neglected and forgotten as the
slow spiral into darkness begins, stripping away all human
pretensions until only the inner Beast remains
Cappadocian
Given thei familiarity with the Reaperand the afterlife,
the Clan of Death seldom falls prey to infernal trickery
adocians' heightened senses and extensive lore allow
potand protect themselves from mostminor demons.
ver, like they can be tempted by promised
pirits. The relationship between

1s like an int

which a misstep for either party i fatal. At the clan center at
the mountain Ereiyes lie many bottled demons who failed in
their tasked of corruption — but rumors aver the existence of
many failed Cappadocian infernalists, who have been bound
in torpor by the clan :

‘A Cappadocian who turns fully to the infernal powers is
certain to barter for Necromancy as well as darker powers. Once
shehasaccepted her infernal servituce,she tunstohernew work
witha surprising wll, building fortresses ofcorruptionand raising
evil spirits tir
revelation among the many secrets of death.

Followers of Set

Set is a jealous god, and he does not allow his childer to
follow another. There are few sights more terrifying in the
Dark Medieval world than a Setite hunt fo
The torments inflicted on such a renegade ate said to rival the
fires of Hell thems nd to last almost as long

However, the promise of even darker power tempts few
ofthe Follow
actoss the

essly. After all, her eventual fate will be but one

fallen Serpent

nai small dens of infernal Setites lie scattered
inges of Europe.
Gangrel

Although Gangrel's typical rejection of Christianity should

make them easy prey for Satan, thisis ot the case. Their physical

id mental isolation from the works of humankind has thus far
rotected them from the Devil's minions, Fallen Gangrel who
mpage against the Church are often supported by their com

CHAPTER SEVEN: INFERNALISM


rales, who remember the destruction of paganism at the hands
but woe betide the Animal who
seeks power over his own kind through infernal means.

A Gangrel infernalist cheaply barters his soul, often
caring more for the pagan traditions of a brave and honorable
death than for the consequences in the hereafter. The agony
cof such an infernalist eventually discovering how tightly she
has been bound in chains, how domesticated she has become

in the service of Hell, is sweet to demons.

Lasombra

The Lasombt have long-established rules for dealing with,
demons. They relse todeal with lesser demonsatall,seeingsuch.
asteneath theirlignity, and attempt to manipulate any demon
they encounter just as they manipulate everyone else. The clan
believesthatitsppwversof darknessareat least equal toHell's,and
jtsmembers are willing to test this assumption should they feel
slighted by any vafernal power. Because the Magisters hate
any cla member who is exposed as a demonic vassal
because it sullies the clan's honor.

weakin
isdestrox
A Lasombr. infernalist
who come politely before him. They ask the demon to sige
pxts of agreement —.tules for their relationship — before
pentselves toany further deal
He anid the subtlety of power can sometimes
na deal.

epts petitions from demons

ofthe legal loophy

—but not often' — come out ahe

DARK AGES COMPANION

Malkavian

Each Malkavian holds her own view of the infernal
powers — the only truth that applies co all dealings between,
Madmen and demons is that the demons do not always know
what they re getting themselves into when they seek the soul
ofa Malkavian. According to legend, one demon who sought
such a prize found himself confronted by all the Malkavians of
the region, who suddenly gathered together. Driven mad by
the experience, the demon was bound into human form and to
this day wanders the world, living on charity and gibbering
insanely.

‘A Malkavian who does wholeheartedly turn to the infer-
nal proves a fiendish foe indeed

Nosferatu

This clan puts no faith in appearance and scant trust in
words, so demons have a hard time seducing a Nosferatu.
Becau Jto Christian salvation as
an escape from their condition, few ate willing to deal with

many Nosferatuhave turr

sorrowfully desteoy thera

A Nosferatu who turns to darkness becomes a bitter
monster. The compassion inculeated in the elan by its curse
he. With

joy beauty,

fest nst those more fortunate th
care and great cunning,
tarnish hope and drageverythingdown to the same sorry state.

he weaves plots to de:


Certain rumors state that many of Nosferatu'sfirst childer
— and perhaps the clan founder himself — turned to infernal
powersfollowing the great warin the FirstCity. Clan Nosferatu
says litele of this legend, but those who count the Lepers
among their friends occasionally hear whispers of ahidden war
fought by the clan against these dark monsters

Ravnos

Ravnos do not deal with demons — itis nigh impossible
to force one of the Charlatans to sign a binding contract or
makea long-term agreement. Demons have been frustrated in
their dealings with this clan many times, and weave traps to
destroy them whenever possible.

The rare Ravnos infernalist will be a mercurial foe,
delighting in cruelty and deadly tricks where once a sense of
fun prevailed.

Toreador

Though the Clan of the Rose has tumed to the sanctuary
of the Church, many among its number remember the
Dionysian heyday of the Toreador. With the fall of the pagan
powers, some Toreador have turned to darker magics to satisfy
their appetites; sometimes it seems as if Hell needs no incubi
or succubi while the Toreador exist in the world

An infernalistof this clan often devotes herself tosensual
but also seeks a release for her appetites through
bloodletting and artistically inspired cruelties. Such a twisted
being rivals even the Teimisce in ingenuity when her inspira-
tion isapplied topain. The artsuch infernalist Toreador create
is said to impart seeds of corruption in whoever views it

Tremere

This newborn clan's need for strength and the taint ofits
previous Hermetic intrigues have woven a strand of damna-
tion into the pyramid of power. Because of the clan's strict
hierarchy, a single Tremere infernalist can reach out to
corrupt many underlings and win higher position in the clan.
The clan's stress on the need for power has led many Tremere
towarda dangerous deténte with the infernal host, as Usurpers
attempt to barter for knowledge and magic without losing
their souls. Such ploys generally fail, as the clan's desperate
need gives the demons great bargaining advantage, It is said
that one of the Seven Elders, who with Tremere founded the
clan, is an infernalist. If this is true, then much of the clan is
corrupt

‘A Tremere infernalist is invariably a master of magic,
greedily learning all the paths of Dark Thaumaturgy and
seeking out places and artifacts of potency.

Trimisce

Despite the allegations ofthis clan's foes, the Tzimisce have
scant regard for the infemal powers. These monsters feel that
they have little need for otherworldly Hells when they have the
ability to create their own on Earth. A dedicated Fiend would
torture angels and demons alike, fearing little in her blasphemy,
Some Taimisce have even learned spirit magies enabling them
to pursue a disrespectful demon beyond the world's boundaries

‘The clan boasts that it has overcome demons and even gods in
its nights, though no one knows of any who have returned from
such vendettas. Perhaps, the Fiends smile, their compatriots are
establishing new domains in Hell

A Trimisce who decides to deal with demonsisamong the
most dangerous foes in the Dark Medieval world. Combining
Hell-spawned sorcery with her natural predilections, she be-
come; the penultimate master of darkness.

Ventrue

Of all Cainites, Clan Ventrue suffers from the greatest
measure of pride, and itis this that leads its members into
demonic clutches. Venteue often refuse to bend with the wind
and so are broken by the storm — infernal powers play on this
inflexibility when they seek the souls of these undead lords.
Comings they do from noble backgrounds, most Venteue are
trained to seize power with both hands and so are incautious
with regard to what power they take. Demons often come to
them in the guises of syeophantic servants, offeringadvice that
sounds good while leading their dupe into infernal clutches.
They encourage the vampire to make war on the Church, to
noglect her responsibilities —and then laugh as the Ventrue's
carefully constructed world falls apart. Only then does a
demonic advisor reveal its true form and offera deal to give the
Ventrue back all she has lost. The clan as a whole sometirnes
makes the mistake of supporting an infernally inspired com-
rade, in hopes that the clan can keep the gains its erstwhile
member made while under infernal tutelage. Little do the
\Ventrue realize that corruption has a way of spreading.

A Ventrue infernalist isthe cruelest feudal lord imagin-
able, draining his lands to supply stream of decadent luxuries.
and fuel endless conflicts with neighboring fiefs. The Ventrue's
lands become a Hell indeed forall who live there, and will be
reduced to a barren wasteland before his reign is done.

‘Via DiaBous

The Devil's Road is a strange contradiction: On the one
hand it commands itsfollowers to wallow in sin and depravity;
on the other it functions as do other Roads in maintaining the
character's personality against the Beast. Following the Devil's
Road does not necessarily place a character within Hell's
power; there are manyindependent vampires who follow itbut
would scom the company of demons

The key to understanding this contradiction is that the
principles of the Via Diabolis were established in the nights
before Christianity. It represents a willingness to cast off the
limits of society and act purely in one's own interests. Those on
the Devil's Road can be portrayed as antiheroes — champions
of dark passions — rether than as simple monsters.

Baa

One clan of vampires has given itself wholly to the
infernal, tisknown as the Baali, and its tory begins millennia
aago in the legendary nights of the First City

CHAPTER SEVEN: INFERNAUSM


SHAITAN

The oldest Baali is reputedly called Shaitan (though he
‘once had a different name) and he was the first childe of the
mythical Anrediluvian Ashur. According to legend, he was
the most beautiful of the Fourth Generation; such pride was
his that he became jealous of Arikel, the Toreador founder,
and even of Zillah the Beautiful, wife of Caine. In life he had
been a slave who sang hymns in the temple to all the gods of
the cosmos, and his beauty and his honeyed voice were
retained after his Embrace. Bitterness festered in Shaitan's
heart, however, for he knew he would always be a lesser power
compared to his'sire‘and grandsires. He lamented that he
would always be'a reflection of greater light, never the source
of illumination himself — and so he fell. Many stories are told
ofhis fall, but it is from fragments of the Book of Nod, the oldest
record of the children of Caine, that the following tale comes.

WAR
at war that shattered the First City and east
down the Second G
urath{ul of his generation. He gathered the dissatisfied of the
axherclins tohisbannerand laid siege to the Temple of Caine
inelf at the heart of Enoch. Cursing all the gods he once

eration, Shaitan was one of the most

worshipped, he called on the powers of darkness to give hitn
strength; then Shaitan hurled himself and hisfollowersagainst
Caine himself. The battle shattered the temple, bringing
down itsancient stonesand seating th
with hellfites. Sha

Caine's might that e

round about theruins
could not win, however, for such was
en Hell could not stand against him.

Shaitan's power was broken, but Caine could not bring
himself to kill this wayward childe. Instead Caine gazed on the
beauty of his great-grandchilde and spoke, "You seem beauti-
fa likethe golden bands wear, like the grove of sweet-scented
trees in my garden, like the flesh of my beloved wife. Yet you
are evil within, like the blood poisoned by sickness, like the
wine turned sour in the gourd, ike a broken sword lyingon the
battlefield. I cannot kill you, for itis my tainted blood, my
anger, that has brought youto taste thisbitter cup; yet leannot
let you walk the Earth in beauty, with your long lashes, your
golden hairand pale eyes. Therefore grant youunlife but take
your beauty from you."

Caine raised his hand and struck Shaitan, and his hair fell
from ishead, hiseyes burned in his socketsand hisskin itched
with sores. Caine raised his hand and struck Shaitan a second
time, and his bones twisted and broke and he could no longer
stand. Caine raised hishandand struck Shaitan one inal time,
andall his power left him. Then Caine walked away, never to
bescen again by his childer until the night of Gehenna, when
allsccrets will be revealed

itan's war party — one from each of the great
gathered around him, lifted him and mournfully carried him
from that place, knowing their dreams of rebellion were over
and they were all outcast. They took him into the wilderness
and there prepared to die, for their spirits were broken.

DARK [GES COMPANION

Tue Fa

But great Caine had made one mistake, for he had left
Shaitan his beautiful voice. In the wildemess Shaitan cried out,
first tohis ellowsand then to the darkness which had aided him
‘The darkness answered, and in a rush like a whirlwind, Shaitan
and his followers were swept up and changed forever. The dark
cones saw their broken child and wept bitter tears, and where
these tears touched flesh it was altered. They gave to Shaitan and
his followers poison like the asp, claws like the mountain lion,
fangs and hors like the rocky lizards, a casement like the
scorpion, and raised them high above the earth

"We have raised you who were fallen," they whispered,
their voices like ice on rock. "We have mended your shattered
tones, smoothed your broken skin, and opened your eyes to
darkness, for we love you better than any others could, Wor-
ship us, love usin retur
all this" And the kingdoms of the world wete spreaal before
Shaitan and his followers like a tapestry. And
upon the earth with new eyes and coveted its bes
like a falling star, he entered the abyss

and we will give you dominion over

Shaitan and his followers left the wilderness and saw the
work of their cousins, the vampires of other clans. They saw
new civilizations emerging from the euins of the First City and
realized they had been forgotten, made outcast. Aseach of his
different clan, Shaitan ordered them to
create broods of their own and infiltrate their old clans,
concealing theirnew nature. S
the desert, ata place called Chorazin, and dedicated it to his
infernal masters. This place (now lost beneath the sands)
became the center ofan infernal cult that worshipped Shaitan.
Hisname entered human legends as the Adversary, the leader
of the forces of darkness. His followers, hidden among the

other clans, led vampires to him to be converted or destroyed.

followers came from

an himself built a fortressin

Centuries passed and the Jyhad raged across the ancient
world. Shaitan plotted against his parent's generation and
spread his power. He was worshipped by many names and in
many places: [n Greece he was husband to Hecate and lapped
spilled blood from the ground; in Ur, children were thrown
into the fire in his name; in Babylon, astrologers sacrificed to
hhim at the dark of the moon; as far away as Hibernia, he was
known and blood was shed in his name. Shaitan's cule sum-
moned demons and dedicated places to the infernal powers,
and his power waxed until he was ready to open the gates to
Hell and give the world to his masters.

Tue Great WAR

Only the oldest vampires in Europe remember the time of
the Baal' first rise to power, and they ate loath to recall these
dark times. As the Baali grow in power once again, some of the
elders have taken to warning thei chiller
children and retelling tales ofthe great war fought against them.

. the trading
rid called his

n moved his center of power to
and cultural center of the Mediterrane
original followers to hin,

casting out the previous masters of


the island, he commissioned an intricate labyrinth tobe built,
dark mandala that would focus his power and allow the Lords
of Hell to walk the earth once more. The Minoans turned to
war and demanded tribute from other civilizations; slaves and
the children of kings alike were sent to feed the blood rituals
of the Baali, Inhuman things walked the labyrinth and the
palace of Knossos was like a chamel house in those days.
Infernal power grew sostrong that vampires could walk abroad
inn daylight, and Shaitan planned an empire of blood that
would plunge the entite world into darkness
But Shaitan's actions had angered hi als in the Jyhad: his
demands for tribute from Egype had roused Set himself; the
Brujah warmaster Menele came from Athens with mortal heroes
todestroy the slavemasterof the Mediterranean;andthe Ventrue
Balthazar retuned from his travels in India, where augurs had
seen the sky tum dark. Other pawns of the Jyhad moved into
place: Gangrel from the steppes, the Malkavian Dionysian and
the bacchante, Toreador and Lasombra from Africa. They
ed war on Shaitan until the sea around Crete was stained red
with blood — mortal and immortal alike.
The war raged for nine days and nine nights as Shaitan
remaine center of his labyrinth, working rituals
a gate to Hi th Shaitan's f were scat
could penetrate the maze to reach him. Mortal
thought they had slain the monster Crete when they
onfronted ghouls of Shaitan, as twisted in body as their
tmaster was in heart
The exhausted warriors met and said, "We cannot reach
1n himself and we are weary — what shall we do?" Set's
childer, wise in the magic of Egypt, spoke. "If we cannot break
him, we must break his labyrinth. Let us call on the storm, let
uscalloon the fire, et uscallon the Earthshaker. Letussplitthis
island like a ripe fig." The vampires agreed on this course of
action and called on their powers, and the nearby island of
Santorini answered, exploding in a cataclysmic eruption. The
shock bought down the palace of Knossos, the fire burned
Shaitan and his followers, and the sea rose up to wash away the
taint.Set'schilder smiled, for they knew the kingdom of Egypt
could only rise in power now that Crete was no more, Shaitan
howled in rage and anguish as he was once more cast down,
Since that time none have met Shaitan in person. His
disciples say that he talks to them in dreams — that he was
carried on the wings of the storm to a distant land where he
‘could rest and heal his wounds, and that he will come again in
power to reclaim what is rightfully his. His followers were
scattered but not destroyed, and retumed to their secret
places, hiding within the clans ot in the wilderness. The Bali
watched empires rise and fall from the fringes, biding their
time and waiting until the Jyhad had forgotten them

Tue Baau Topay
In the Dark Ages the Baal are on the rise once more. They

haveretumedtotheirplacesof power —longruined—andonce
again stand ready to begin the great work of raising themselves

CHAPTER SE"

VER


and theirdark masterstodominion over the workd. Though thei
great labyrinth of power was shattered in Crete, many of their
infernally tainted sites remained intact: with power drawn from
the bloodshed of the Crusades they have raised Chorazin from
the desert sands, and a steady flow of supplicants has begun to
follow the Black Pilgrimage once more

Even now, Shaitan's 12 original followers awaken from
their long slumber to begin the corruption of the clans anew:

SAULOT

This enigmatic figure has become pethaps the closest
thing to a saint Cainites have. Little is known about him
teyond the writings in the Book of Nod, which are considered
apocryphal at best. Those Salubri old enough to recall him
personally are almost extinet: They were some of the very fi
to be hunted and slaughtered. Most Salubri of this day c
know him through stories of their sites. Certain elements
come up frequently enough to mak:
was described frequently as being a kind man with
"eves like forever", his
azained Golcon

1 sort of history

ast already well controlled before he

a. Hewas respected asa v ands

cohen named as Caine's favorite childe. Some have nm the
bech spoken of as gentle men with stronginterestsinhealingand
the natural order. In light of Caine's deep affection for this
childe, and the need to keep him close during the later part of
the Second City's years it has led a number to wonder if Saulot
vas pethaps a surrogate Abel for the guilt-racked Caine

Saulot's achievement of Golconda marked a turning-
point for how vampires would view their world. Suddenly,
there existed hope; they need not be sole prey forthe Beast and
count their years based on when they would make that fatal
descent. Caine in particular seemed interested in this, and
from then on, kept Saulot very close to him. If there was ever
jealousy among the other vampires, it has never been men-
tdoned in any story. Saulot also shared an unusual relationship
with his brother Malkav; the two apparently enjoyed each
other's company, and Saulot's gifts were said to relieve Malkav
when his madness threatened to overwheli him

Saulothad the well-known butdisturbinghabit of goinginto
maditative trances. During these states, he would speak in riddles
and strange phrases that were occasionally taken to be prophecy
A few fragments of the Book of Nod are said to be transcriptions
‘of these mutterings. Perhaps it was why Malkav was so fond of
him His words to his childer hinted strongly at his own death,

Through the stories of other vampires, whose ancestors
had seen the Second City, was the tale of Saulot told. Other
accounts — those of Malkav, Nosferatu, Ravnos — told how
Baak wars brought out a side rarely seen in Saulot. He wa
driven, angry, obsessed. When he made war against the
Grastics, none would gainsay him, and rumor claimed that
even Malkay could not soothe his fires. On the other hand.
some whispered that Saulot feared losing his chiller to Gros

ticism (several had already left to practice mortal religions),
and had concocted rumors of a Baali presence among them to
have an excuse todestroy them. Assuddenly ashisrages began,
they ended, and the stories speak no more of it

As he slipped into his last years, the tales became less
certain. The disappearance of Caine led to his near-complete
withdrawal from the world, and he spent hours engaged in
mysterious businessaway fromall eyes. After yearsof this strange
errand, he too vanished from the world. To where he retreated,
noone knew,saveone ot ewochilderhe trusted completely. Stil,
he had Kept contact with his brood through the powers of his
mind, watching them and advising occasionally. [twas initially
through this connection that news of his death came to light

Today, Saulot is granted the sort of reverence offered to
mantyts. Most ofthe otherclans shelter his descendants for his
sake, and the legends of his kindness have stitred others to
good deeds. If there were eve
about him, they have since
niently lost to history

4
Baatt CONNE

Thebi Salubei is often intertwined with that o
Baal ised w her. The «

w the Baali, and
ely reach the earsof most Salubti,

The Baali's beginnings as a sect of human diabolists is
believed to have been during the misty times of the Second
City. As they grew bolder and mote powerful, they sought to
grasp at the gift of immortality. Saulot, at this time an advisor
to Caine, suggested that these diabolists bore close watching,
and that the vampires needed more information on them,
particularly if war became an issue. Caine agreed, and bid
Saulot find those best suited to the task.

The Salubri of this time were not strictly healers and
ritemasters; a select few were warriors with mpressive com-
mand of their Disciplines and the martial ars. Of these few,
Saulot chose four (two of them were his own childer) for this
mission and brought them to Caine for his approval. He
approved and told them that they walked a path of great
danger and secrecy. They were to infiltrate the stronghold of
the diabolists, learn how close they were to gaining immortal.
ity, and return to the City with word. They agreed and left that
very night, with only their leaders aware of their passing.

Little isknown of what happened in the interim. Nearly four
months passed without a word, and Saulot feared the group had
met Final Death. Then, one starless night, one of them dragged
himself to the gates and begged for entrance and blood. He was
half-crazed with hur weak and hadly frightened. After being
tended to, he told his sire and king what had happened.

The four found the camp with little difficulty. The farmers
filled whispers of a
dark mountain where the earth cracked open und belched forth

any doubts or uncertainties
ished or have been conve-

the ones whispered about

in the river valleys spoke in hushed, di

demonsand other foul spirits. After several daysjoumey, the four


reached the mountain andmanagedtoconvince the gate-keepet
that they were there to join the diabolists, or at least learn from
them. The diabolists made them welcome with feasting and
terrible rites that the survivor refused (0 speak of, even at the
command of his great-grandsie, save that a dark shape with
glowing eyes had appeared tthe feastto bestow itsblessingupon
them. The group called itself the Baali, and they were worship-
pers ofthe Infernal powers, things that appeared from the bowels
of the earth and from beyond the stars. The Baali already
possessed a number of gifts that had been bestowed by theie dark
masters, which they called Investments. Some were powerful
enough to rival vampiric Disciplines, summoning flames and
searching out the corruption in each person's soul

The longer the four stayed among the Bali, the more
dangerous it became. Because of their strong grasp on their Via
and their humanity, they began to arouse suspicions. Worse,
one of them, a childe of Saulot, had become enamored of the
Bali and their ways. The life ofa warrior and ascetichad never
truly pleased him, and the Baali had fed upon his unhappiness,
replacing it with their honeyed words and promises of power
In that moment, theie companion fell to darkn
the infilteators as he did so. The rest were «

betraying

imprisoned in pits deep below the earth.

amedof the great

Embrace their leaders,asinstructed by theirerstwhile companion,
Then he called on the new vampires todiablerize the other chile
of Saulot. One leader was chosen to perform this, and he did so
with frightening skill. The remaining Salubri were neatly slaugh-
tered as well, but the new leader, bloated with power and blood,
commanded that they should be left alive as fonts of knowledge.

The first died the Final Death, screaming as his captors
attempted to rip the information from him with tortures as to
make Trimisce himself wince. The second, the survivor, said
that he was tempted many times by his former companion, but
refused to share in such tainted power. Finally, he was able to
escape, and he had made his way back to the City. The former
Salubri had been left behind, and no doubt even now he
poured new wisdom into the ears of the Bali. Not long after
telling his tale, the survivor committed suicide, staying up to
greet the morning after one nightmare too many,

The Baali did not take long to make themselves known as
a threat, For once, it was gent
~ that his forces lead the attack, Of
stioned this action, only Malkav: unders

alot who counseled warand
asked — nay, demanded
those whe
with the wisdom id that his brother's h

gnawed and worried with guilt, and that he wished to wipe out
the traitor himself

Most accounts of the war have been lost with the Second
City, and the

oirsand the

that remain are consigned (o allusions in mem-

ramblings of scholarsa


a blooahath, led by Saulot's chosen warriors. OF those, none
survived, but the traitor's fate was less certain. When it was
finish, most of the Salubri had been decimated, and the losses
from all alles had been costly. But Saulot was not finished.

The years that followed were an eerie premonition of the
Salubei's fate. Saulot turned his attention tohunting the Baali
aut, driven to sce the traitor to their clan destroyed. When
ong the Gnostic
sects, Saulot went after them with flame and sword. This
ould never have gone on for so long, but for the burning
hatred shared by the other clans. Brujah in particular stood
vith Saulot in this, and arranged for his allies to see about
"wwvestigating" the Gnostics. The bloody purge was mysteti
eusly ended by Saulot's command, and none to this night
understand how or why it began or ended.

nx, with the death of Saulot, some van

rumors began attributing Baali presence a

among the Brujah and Cappadocians are beginning to ques-
tion how a group of mortals could have reached such heights
ef power in s0 short a time. In dating the appearance of the
Tremere as.aclan and such thingsas razor bats and Gargoyles,

seme notice that the Tremere adjusted to their new state and

the lass of the n

new Disc
new creatures at their disposal

scholars, w
theoriesas tol Tren
sani
aneve

quickly. The one
ome credence among scholarshas put the Tremere in
ate tenuous position.

The theory statesthat the Tremere had help in theie dirty
deeds, pethaps even acting as someone else's hatchetmen in
exchange for power. A number of powerful Cainites and not
a few mortal wizards have been pointed out in this, but a
Cappadocian has proposed the simplest and most sensible
theory: the Baali for revenge. The Baali took terrible losses in
theSalubri-led campaign against them, so much so that they
were reduced to their present, mostly powerless state. It would
be the classic "deal with the Devil" of the Tremere leaders
being offered great power in exchange for getting rid of
someone that they could not. Likewise, it would account for
how Tremere and his followers gained access to the sleeping
Sauloe. The Baali (through theit ill-gotten knowledge) might
be well acquainted with how Saulot protected himself, but
tunable to approach him or broach his powers.

The theory has gained little credence among the remain
ing Salubei, strangely. Few are willing to agree with the idea
thattheie closest cousins might be the things they despise so
wholeheartedly,

Via Dotorosa

Ais said that the lost Salubri dealt with demons and had
theirown path to follow. C toargue that
ithasdone the world a great service by riddihg it of a clan of
infernalists; the truth,

n Tremere has tri

t often is, is stranger.

DARK AGES COMPANION

Tue SALUpRI W

RRIORS.

Samiel, childe of Saulot, was called the first and
greatest of Salubri wartidrs. Apoctyphal stories de
scribe how the young man, called by another name
now forgotten, was headstrong and uneasy in the role
of a quiet healer, Caine finally commanded that the
childe feat the atts of war to keep hin occupied,
siving him to Béujah and Gangrel as a pupil. After
many tials 6f body and spirit, the result was a young
warrior, Hlogded and wise, anxious to defend the weak
and innocent, afd ll too teady to stand against evil
He ooktheriame,"Samiel,' to reflecthischanges,and
Sainiel he has becn ever since.

Samiel's writings on is experiences fecame the
basis fof the training' of other Salubei, warriors. This
"code" fave the watriors ideals to strive for, Bureach had
tofind kaso inner light by which he was gus. Each
was expected to be skilled in combo, p
Disciplines, pure in intent and heart, and steongin spit
When the training was complete and the would-be
wwartiog was deeined ready, he was given acertain portion
of Samiel's writing to read. Whispered stories claimed
that something about the text was said co spiritually
"blood" thenewone (none of the tales agree on the exact
occurrence), and he would thereafter take his place
auhong the tanks. Upot his entrance, he wasexpected to
chaingehis rise to one gontaining the syllable "-el"
the Lord") to show he hiad given himself up.to the Great
Father. Themamesof SamielAtiel, Jacl'and Aredhel
ving eb isgory response.

The ongoing Crigades have fostered a few new
Salubri who wish tcottinue as paladins. While they are
«encouraged todoso, they re not considered tobe"blooded"
bby Samiel, and thus noe true warriors of his code. The last
copies of the code itself ace believed lost, and some claim
that it signals the end of the Salubni's warrior caste.

The Salubri did indeed deal with demons, making pacts
and accepting infernal power. This led to theirbad reputation,
which the Tremere are eager toexploit to justify their founder's
ctime. Those who knew the Salubri, however, realized their
dealing had a purpose: The Salubei sought to chain demons to
them by their pacts; they would then destroy themselves,
binding the demons into the destruction with secret magics
These rituals for destroying demons have been lost with the
fall of the clan, but they may still be discovered among the
remnants of the clan and in ancient manuscripts

The path that the clan followed was called the Via
Dolorosa — the Road of Tears. Its tenets included offering aid
to the injured and protec ised. The path cha
le its followers to combat the evil in the wi
attempt to remove the corruption other Cainites had bought

on to the
Ad in an


into it. The final duty of a Salubri who reached the pinnacle
of this path was to create a childe, who would be brought up
todiablerize his sire. The Salubri realized that an escape from
the vampiric condition through Golconda was too hard a task
for many of them, and instead sacrificed themselves through
the Amaranth, thus removing what evil they could from the
world

DeEwoNIc Pacts

A character may make a traditional pact with a demon in
order to gain more power. The abilities that demons grant are
called infernal investments. They are a double-edged sword;
for all the power they grant, they exact a harsh price.

Most demonic pacts involve barter, whereby the demon
offers power in exchange for some service. Often this service
coincides with the character's own goals: For example, the
characterhas been having trouble with the local bishop, so the
demon offers the character a chance to kill him and gain an
infernal investment. Such bargains are in the demon's inter:
‘ests — each timea character gains an infernal investment, she
upplicium, bringing the character's soul
closer to Hell's power.

Pacts

Demonic pacts are rated on a scale of I to 10, representing
the degree of service the character must perform for the demon.
A pact of | is easily accomplished, and most infernalists perform.
many such services in theircareer,allowingthemaccesstoawide
range of investments. The higher-rated pacts are far more
difficult to perform, but their rewards are significantly greater.
‘Oncea character has completedapact, she may spend the points
gained on infernal investments in any way she chooses.

For example, Johann Binsfeld, a Ventrue infernalist, has
just corrupted the local monastery and turned the good monks
into subservient ghouls. The demon he is dealing with awards
him five points for the pact. Johann could spend these points
increasing one Atttibute from 3 to 4; learn Rego Dolor at 1
(one point), gain a demonic man-at-arms (one point) and
gain fiery breath (three points); or any other combination.

Pacts can also be made to gain a demon's immediate hel
this option is generally used by an infemalist who is in great
danger or severely threatened. Common pacts include such
tboons as transportation to a place of safety or use of demonic
powers in the infernalist's defense. Such a pact should cost as
much as the Storyteller thinks he can get out of the threatened
character, given that refusal would probably mean destruction.
‘Once such a pact is made, the infernalist must do all within his
power to fulfill his end of the bargain or find himself forteit.

Forretrare
My ime is come, my day is dane, And I can nw mgr stay,
Fur Lam seized to pay ehat debe, Which debt we all must pay
Yorkshire, England

must undergo a

— inscription on a graveston

ALTERNATE
OccupaATIONS

every Salubri currently walking the land is
restricted to the professions of healing oF teaching.
Since the beginnings of Saulor's torpor, several sought
out different paths of unlife, Needless to say, some of
the choices have startled their more conservative
brethren, not'to 1a few fellow Cainites.

Someare caughtup if the political intrigue of the
day, working as advisors to princes and primogen.
Othersat princes' courts setveas seneschals, scribes or
repositories of lore. A few work in the ministry,
primarily serving the needs of the streetfolk and poor,
In France, rumors persist of one who works as a sort of
highwayman in reverse, stealing handits' loot to re-
turn it to the owners of a more deserving soul.

The so-called "Angels of Death" are considered

legend, except co those who know them. The rare

EOE

Salubri seeking vengeance is retold like a hearth story

complete with the requisite shudders by amused non:
Tremere vampites. The
could tell some very interesting stories ofcertain Sal
companions who show great promise and ability in
different fields. In their quest to better understand the
brody, these Salubri have delved into vivisection and

torture, to the shock of their more peaceful siblings.

appadocians and Tzimisce
bei

Should a character attempt to evade his part ina pact, his
soul is declared forfeit by Hell, and the demons involved begin
their pursuit, Some mortals may be able to escape demonic
persecution by fleeing to holy ground, but for a vampire such
a route ispracticaly impossible. The character may beg for his
unlife and soul, making his final moments on Earth petty:
alternatively, he may turn on his pursuers and fallin glorious
battle, Certain legends say that a character who evades the
forces of Hel thtce times becomes free from any pacts loses all
investments (including improvements bought with demonic
aid) and may start his own Road.

A character who escapes Hell's clutches will be bitterly
hated by all demons and resented by all infernalists — her life
or unlife is likely to be very complicated from that point on.

INVESTMENTS

Infernal investments are rated by their cost in demonic
pacts, allowing aquick conversion between the service offered
and the power gained. Thisis not an exhaustive list of av:

corytellers should have fun invern
powers. Many of these investmentsare possessed by demons as

investment

natural abilities and may be substituted for or added to their

listed powers. (Mote supernatural powers ean be found in the
supplements Freak Legion and Ascension's Right Hand.)

CHAPTER SEVEN:

INFERNAUISM


Pact RATINGS
The exact rating of pacts is up to individual Story-
tellers. The followiriglise should give a broad idea of
what servicts ate appropeiate for each level
Level One — Malice
Sal} tasks, oftert designed werely to add to the
characters harden of sin.
Level Two Cruelty
Perty,or'\petonal agtions, sch By sorrupting a
single peconvare me chfalevel,
Level Three Immorality
Asiytatk which (6r8 the chinactet ro make a
degeneration check should be at least this level
Level Fout = Wrongdoing
Actively spreadhng evil of challenging the autk
ity of the Church,
— Corruption
Evilloe killing a major opp
ple, aknishe with T
Level Six
leadinga coven of
1 coeruptio
Level Seven — Heresy
sing the aerions of the Church; spreading
cent across a wide area.
Level Eight=~ Supreme Task
Corrupting a whole elty Gr deslicating Acathedral
toevil. Creating a heresy that fasts miogey 10 fess
| Level Ning Life Booo!
Dedicatingone'sentigetfe stheserviotofthe dein.
Level Teo Soul Pact
| Thisisthe ultimate pactear€an Be made witha dein.
A character undertaking such a pct swears fealty «the
} demon and promises itis soul upon dem, Ore character
has made uch a pact, the demon refi ang Father pase
| ichasallitever wanted fom the chaktbe Many Jem try
to badger an infemnalist to sign such a pact Imthediately, noe
revealing that leser services can be performed. Most demon
offer this pact when an infemalis i in moetal danger an
g to seize upon any chance to save his lif.

‘TRANSFORMATIO!

With these investments the demon grants a new ability to
the infernalist. All of th ibilities involve some physical
transformation. For example, the power of flight means that
the character grows twisted wings, further marking the char.
acter as one of the infernal host.

Armor: (1 pt Investment)


character adds one die to her soak pool against nonaggravated
attacks, This investment may be taken many times, but every
three times it is taken, the character loses a point of Appear
ance permanently.

Claws: (1 pt Investment)

The character grows claws like a beast. The claws are perma-
rently in place, but they may be mace retractable foran additional
point. These claws inflict Strength +2 damage in combat.

Flame: (3 pt Investment)

The character becomes able to exhale gouts of flame (or
‘a similar virulent substance such as acid). This flame inflicts
three aggravated Health Levels on the target, who may dodge
against the infernalist's Dexterity + Occult roll. The infernalist
may increase the damage of his fiery breath by one Health
Level for every two points spent

Flights (3 pt Investment)

The character grows leathery wings; enabling him to fly
short distances. The character can remain in the air for a
number of turns equal to his Strength Auibute, For an
additional point, the wings may be barbed, inflicting damage
like claws (Strength +2)

Limbs: (2 pt Investment)

The character grows an extea limb. This may bea normal
limb, such as an arm sprouting from the chest, or something
strange like a tentacle or tail. Each additional limb allows the
character tomake one extra attack each turn; these attacks do
not split the Dice Pool, but each additiona
the difficulty to hit by one.

Poison: (1 pt Investment)

The character's blood becomes poisonous, inflicting five
Health Levels of damage on anyone who ingests it. This damage
is soakable. If the character has claws (or wants to bite), he can
purchase poison sacs for an additional point, allowing him to
inflict this damage in combat. Should someone ingest large
amounts of poisonous blood, asoak roll against the poison should
be made for each Blood Point imbibed.

Power

Demons ate always willing to teach their dupes new
powers. Almost all infernalists are taught Dark Thaumaturgy
by demons, and many vampites seek out demons to learn
Disciplines they cannot gain ftom their clan.

Dark Thaumaturgy (varies)

Characters can purchase Dark Thaumaturgy from their
demonicmentors. Ratings in the paths of Dark Thaumatungy can
only increase one point ata time. For example, ifa character has
Video Nefas at Level Two, he can only increase it ro Level Three
with thenextpacthemakes. The character necdonlymakeapact
equal to the new level of Dark Thaumaturgy, but must immedh-
ately undergoa Suppliciumupon learning the coruptknowledge

attack increases

Disciplines (varies)
Demons can teach Disciplines to vampires. Each time a
Discipline is increased through an infernal investment, it may

be raised only one level. Raising Disciplines costs the charac-
ter a pact equal to the new Discipline level +3.

Addemon can also teach the charactera single power from
a Discipline (for example, just Dread Gaze, not the full
Discipline of Presence). This costs the character a pact equal
to the level of the specific power +1. In this way, mortals can
receive these specific powers from demonic mentors.

The special infernal Disciplines of Maleficia and Striga
(as well as any other infernal Disciplines the Storyteller
creates) can only be learned by dealing with demons.

Attributes and Abilities (varies)

Demons aid their minions to become more powerful
Attributes and Abilities can be raised only one level for each
pact. Atcributes require a pact equal to their new level +2 and
Abilities their new level +1 to raise through infernal means

Life (one point per year of life)

Though inappropriate to vampires, demons offer mortals
extended life in exchange for pacts. The mortals life (in good
health) will be extended for one year for each point of the pact.
The demon can also reverse the aging process for the same cost.
Thisisa very tempting offer in the medieval period, when most
people had short lifespans
tional immortality, nor will it guarantee anyone against harm.

A demon will never grant uncondi-

Similarpacts may also be made to cure diseases and heal wounds,

Servants (varies)

Minor demons may serve a character in exchange for
pacts, Powerful infernalists may be attended by many follow-
cers. Mostsuch servantsare possessed mortals who are intensely
loyal, and even willing codie for the infernalist. Such servants
cost one point unless they ate especially skilled or powerful
Bound demons may be granted to an infemalist or two points,
and itis possible that a more powerful demon will consent t0
serve for a sufficiently large service.

WEA
CALLED

‘Though the Church holds as plain truth the theory that
just as there is one God there is one Devil, those who have
sought the mysteries of the world have discovered there seem
to be as many devils as there are people who believe in this
force of evil —is the Devil such an artful deceiver that he can
appear in many forms, or is the Church wrong? There is no
simple uestion, but itis possible to examine
several of the options

CAINE AND SATAN

Caine's curse springs from the same dark pride that drove
Lucifer. Some vampires have argued that the human images
and stories of Satan are merely pale reflections of Caine's story.
Cainite infernalists hope that Caine fights a war against the
God who damned him and will praise them when he awakens

EGION os

nswer to suc!

from his sleep of ages.

CHAPTER SEVEN: INFERNALISM


Lui AND Satan

According o folklore, Lilith, the mother of vampires, was
castout of Eden before Eve wascreated and became the Devil's
wife, giving birth to many monsters. Some ancient vampires
say that they remember stories in which Lilith is portrayed as
themother of all supernaturals — that she was the first mage,
taught werewolves how to change their skins and even dealt
with the restless dead and the fae.

Lilith isreveredas the mother of vampires, the entity who
awakened Caine into his dark powers. Whether she is a
representative of Satan is hotly debated among scholarly
Cainites, who desperately seek out fragments of the Book of
Nod and the legendary Testament of Lilith. Some ancients
speak ofa time when Lilith was equal to Jehovah and say that
these legendary manuscripts contain ancient magics lost in
time. A Cainite who finds these lost documents might gain
access to the power of gods — or just be another fool in the
games of the Jyhad.

Ser AND SATAN

The Followers of Set know the tricks of demons very well;
indeed, they use many of them for their own purposes. This is
‘not to say that the Followers are servants of Hell. Setite
legends say that Jehovah, Christ, Alla J all the other gods
are but trinkets held up to pacify humanity, and that the

DARK AGES COMPANION

various devils are merely terrors to frighten them. Theit
dedication isto theit lord Set and they will not be swayed from
his path

Tue Wyrm

‘The pagans of Northern Europe (and, iftravelers' tales out
of Africa and Asia are to be believed, of more distant parts)
worship a great dragon or serpent that they call Vermis
Magnis. To the Christian, this is merely one of the aspects of
Satan, as the serpent, but some disturbing rumors have arisen.
from vampires who hold their fiefs in the forsaken northlands.

The strange worshippers of Vermis Magnis descend into
pits in the earth, there to commune with spirits and stranger
beings. They are taught how to putonand take off the wolfskin
and leam many secrets of Dark Thaumaturgy. Many elders
scoff at these stories, but rumors circulate throughout the
north of England that the barbarian Picts ha
ancient borders and are moving south. Those Cainites whose
domains border the north have requested aid from their clan
fellows, and it appears that something malevolent stirs there.

FOR WE Are Many

crossed their

all the forces of Hell. Though
icians collect and he nes

human can enumerat
and ranks of,
le task. Those who


have explored the dark side of the world believe that there is
not merely one Hell, as the Church cf
levelsof pain andda

otastructured

but innumerable
id, Hell was

mong the Fallen Angels. He led the
nd continues to work against al good in
the world. In the Book of Job he was portrayed asa servant of
to test mankind. According to the Church he was
the World until Christ made a new covenant with

J. At this point, he bes

the works of the Lor

rebellion in F

Pit
s he was given ch

t with the Ch
fenant with humanity he

to Hell. By the 12th ce
Lucifer is the enemy

over the Earth and

humankind and
thrown and c
people have
od and man, dedicat
overthrow of the Earth. Luckily he is bound in Hell uncil the

world's end.

The idea of Lucifer as an antihero, a Promethean figure
that could be pitied or even praised, will not arise until the
17th century. In the Dark Medieval world he is the ultimate
foe, the pitiless fiend who seeks to trample all that is good
beneath his cloven hooves. He is not free to enter the word

drelies upon his servants, the princes of Hell, todo his work

THe ANTICHRIST AND
THE END OF THE WORLD
There will come a time when Lucifer will be free to work
his will upon the world. This will be the End of Days and will
be heralded by the coming of the Antichrist. The Antichrist
will be the antithesis of Christ, a man given wholly over to the
power of evil, in whom Satan will place all his trust and power.
He will be neithera demon nor the son of the Devil, but rather
anormal man who will seek to give the world to Hell,
Accordingtolegendh
bom in the city of
regal be:

already hasbeen)
fhrough his
Jcommon justice. He will unite the
ity and be proclaimed both Pope
{Christendom intoagreat Holy
, Muslien
ldandhewillbe
Allofthis will bea lie. He will thet the world into

of devastation that will last 1000 years, an ag

all hope is extinguished and people will count the dead as

illbe (orpeth:
ud rise to greatne:

War that will destoy the ins. His empire

willunitethe entire new Messiah

which


lucky. Eventually, itis said his reign will end asthe tited world
begs for an end to its pain. Christ will return in power, and
history will come to a close as the day of judgment begins

This day will be the last, and all souls will be bought befor
God's throne. Those whose names are found in the Book of
Life will be given a new Heaven and Earth free of sin; others
will be cast out forever.

Infernalists believe that the outcome of this final battleis
in hazard, and that their masters may win and raise th
dominion over all the world. Cainites whisper of their own
legends, recorded in the Book of Nod from the time of Enoch,
that say the world will be given over to their elders on the
Night of Gehenna: that the only dead who rise will be the
Antediluvians, whowill feed upon their ch
empire of blood that lasts a thousand ye

and found an
After this millen.

shes of the dying

nium there will be no judge
sun illus
of the elders st

THE PRINCE!

Schol

oF HELL

the infernal forces set against the world, H

e s hierarchy is see
Heaven's

Hic host, with the following

unholy ley

asa dark retle

y HIERARCHY

The most powerful of the fallen angels are the Seraphim
The Seraphim are ruled by Beelzebub, who tempts men with
ride; Leviathan der of the heretics and leads
‘men into sins repugnant to faith; and Asmodeus, who is the
prince of wantons and burns with the desire to tempt men into
sins of luxury. Below the Seraphim are the Cherubim, lead by
Balberith, who stirs the blood to murder and blasphemy. Lowest
in the frst hierarchy are the Thrones, lorded over by Astaroth,
who promotessloth and idleness; Verine, who causes impatience
tolead tosin; Gressil, who wants mankind to wallow in ilthyand
Sonneillon, who tempts men into hatred aga
These Archdukesand Duk:
tohumanity, instead appearing 3
— great beasts or dragons, o¢ shadows of temibl
Vietally impossible for such beings to reach Ear
cence humanity through visions and dreams. Inf
them for their great knowledge and advice, but
such potent devils, and so work in darkness

Kaiser

Kaiser i

st their enemies
ofHellbearscant resemblance
perverse mixtures of creatures
import. is
they influ

servant of Sonneillon. He appears as a
walking corpse, clad in rags of finery, with
scarred. His eyesockets are empty, and wis

drift behind them.

s flesh burnt and

of mist seem to

DARK AGES COMPANION

Kaiser has been given govemance over last things. H.
his job is to be present at the end of thi
as, faiths or races. He is sometimes sent by
his lord to find those who seek to escape the powers of Hell, for
he isan excellent tracker and huntsman. He was allegedly seen
by Cainitesat the time ofthe diablerie of Saulor, and itissaid that
he appeared disturbed by the events he witnested. He seldom
communicates, prefetring to follow his
will respond if addressed in High
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 6,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 0, Perception 8, Intelligence 7, Wis 6
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -Iy-1,-1y-2,-3 -5, Dispelled
Attack: Burning Touch for five dice of aggravated damage
Abilities: Alertness6, Empathy 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership
6, Etiquette Academics 3, Investigation 8, Politics 6

ely task in silence,b

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Dark Thaumaturgy 5,
Dominate 5, Fortitude 3, Mortis 3, Obfuscate 4, Obtenebeation
6, Presence 5

Dark Thaumaturgical Paths: Video Nefas 5

Blood Pool: 20, Willpower: 9

SECOND HIERARCHY

These Lords of Hell are the Dominions, commanded by
Oxillet, whote ile tabecak theie wows:and Rosier, Queen


Their work is supported by Vertier, Prince of the Principaities,
who whispers rebellion against authority and incites people to
refuse theit lords, The final level of this hierarchy is the Powers,
headed by Carreau, who makes men harden their hearts against
love and faith; and Carnivean, who makes people love obscenity

‘The Second Hierarchyis very activeon Earth. Irsprincesate
sometimes able tobreak their chainsand appear to their servants.
They often take human forms of great beauty (especially Rosier,
who appears as a beautiful woman or handsome man). These
lords of Hell are too proud to engage in vulgar combat and other
contests of power and will return to their domains ifchallenged,
laying great curses on those who dared oppose them.

Tue HUNTSMAN

‘The Huntsman appearsasa finely dressed noble. He has many
friends and knows all the latest fashions and scand
‘erate gossip, he seems to know more of a character's business than
the character himself. He proposes games of chance in which the
wager gradually rises, or dares
with him. (Perhaps it would be amusing to spy on the nuns
bathing? Or to break into.a church and drink communion wine?
Would you like to visit the local brothels? He has many contacts
there. Avenge yourself ona foe? He knowshow tochea

An invet-

ctimsto commit some indiscretion

inaduel,)
Only when his victim has no other friends and is exiled
from society will he invite her to come to his house and see

what else he has to offer

ngth 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 6, Appearance 6, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, <I "I, -1, 3, 3, -5,
Dispelled

Attack: Weapon for eight dice + Potence

Abilities: Acting, Alertness}, Athletics 4, Braw!-4, Empathy
3, ntimidation 4, Larceny 6, Subterfuge 6, Archery 3, Etiquette 5,
Melee 6, Music 3, Ride 3, Stealth 4, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Occult 6

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Daimoinon 4, Datk Thaumaturgy
4, Dementation 3, Fortitude 2, Potens

Dark Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Venalis 4

Blood Pool: 15, Willpow

Turd HierARCHY

The least among the demon londsare the Virtues, governed
by Belias,

Presence 3

who leads humanity into arrogance and worldliness,

mn from virtue with vulgar fashion and teaches
rd the Gospels. Olivier, of the
Archangels, sthe lord ofcruelty and delights in abusing the poor
andl weak. Finally the infernal Angels, led by Iuvart, are merely
servants and vassals to the other lord

children tobe wanton and di

inion of Bellas, appearsasa norm
tself into a household with children an
companion, whispering to them in their sleep. ftsinsidious machi

becomes their trusted

SEVEN: INFERNALISM


nations begin with minor mischief (for which it uses its powers to
place the blame on others), escalate through levels of cruelty, and
finally dupe the child into muedering other children or tempting
aaduls into sex. Unless its child has potential, Spite then abandons
hhimto the law and damnation. If it thinks its child might prove
usefd it leads him co other infemaliss, who train the child inevil

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 6,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

+ Alertness 4, Dodge 5, Subterfuge 5, Stealth 5
ines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Domi-
nate4, Maleficia 4, Obfuscate 5, Thaumaturgy 3
Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Elementum 3, Rego Motus 2
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 6

Tue DEMONS

The true host of Hell is made up of countless demons. It
is these beings who are bought into the world by infernalists
and most readily take an interest in the affairs of mankind
Mostof them are subservient to their masters in Hell, but there

are some who seem worryingly independent. According to

medieval scholars, six broad types of demons have access to
the world.

Fiery DEMONS

To the medieval mind, the world was surrounded by an
aura of fire through which the stars and planets moved. The
demons who dwell in this vast darkness between the stars are
a varied breed. Most have little interest in humanity, prefer-
ring w pursue their own strange intrigues — it is said that the
pagan gods drift in the void remembering their days of power,
that there are strange demons based upon ideas, constructions
‘of mathematics, manifestations of human reason and emo-
tions. They are called daemons to distinguish them from theit
more comprehensible kin.

Infernalists have little power over these beings; they may
only be summoned using True Magick. Astrologers have said
thatafew ofthese star daemons have shown an interest in the
‘growing study of mathematics and other natural sciences at
the University of Paris.

Star DAEMON

This being appears a a twisting ribbon oflight and shadow.
Shapes emerge from this formlessness, hinting at geometric
patternsor even writing. Gazing at this being too long makes the
viewer uncertain of her place in the universe, as she begins to
sense the vast void that surrounds her. If the viewer makes a
Willpower roll (difficulty 12 minus Intelligence, maximum 10),
she gains supernatural insight (gain a bonus to Dice Pools
involving an Ability chosen by the Storyteller; the bonus equals
the successes on the Willpower roll and lasts fora number of days

DARK AGES COMPANION

equal tothe character's Intelligence). This daemon is angered by
anyattempttodispelit,usingits Thaumaturgy andObtenebration
against such an attacker.

According to translations of Chaldean and Egyptian
magic, there exists a breed of greater star daemons who, like
the wandering stars, intersect with the world only at specific
times. The Sphinx and some Babylonian carvings are said to
depict these beings. The powers of such inhuman intellects
can only be guessed at.

Attributes: Strength *, Dexterity *, Stamina *,Charisma
2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception 9, Intelligence
8, Wits?

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, 1, 2, Dispelled

Attack: Thaumaturgyand Obtenebration only. Nophysi-
cal attack.

Abilities: Music 5, Academics (Mathematics) 7, Linguis-
tics 7, Occult 5, Science 8

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration (appears as forms of light rather than shadow)
4, Thaumaturgy 6

Thaumaturgical Paths: Cre Ignem 6, Rego Elementum 4

Blood Pool: *, Willpower: 10,

*This star daemon has no real physical presence. It can
only be harmed by attacks involving natural forces such as fire
or lightning, which it resists using Fortitude


AERIAL DEMONS

These demons swarm invisibly through the spirit world,

cking

attack humans. They conspire with inferaliss for the de-
struction of mankind.

ntrance to the material world in order to tempt or

BELTEROTH, THE STORM-CHASER
Belteroth rides the winds ofthe world in the form of adark

shadow, ever seeking prey. It appears as a monstrous figure
with ragged wings, claws and cold eyes. Its presence can be
detected by the piercing shrick it makes as it swoops upon its
prey. Itcan only consume damned souls, but revels in snatch-
ing up the innocent and lost, then dropping them from the
heights

Attribute:
risma 3, Manipu
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK,
3, Dispelled

rength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5, Cha:
, Perception 6,

w for 7 dice + Poten
Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 6
iplines: Auspex 1,Celerity 4, Fortitude 1, Potence 2,
aturgy 5
Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Motus 5, Rego Tempestas 4
Blood Pool: 15 , Willpower: 7

TERRESTRI EMONS

Terrestrial demons are the most dangerous sort, for they
have been cast out of the spirit worlds and dwell on Earth
among humanity. They are often confused with werewolves

at changing their forms and casting
«among them possess the bodies of
he Dark Ages
humanbeings

and fae, for they are ad
illusions. The we
animals, creating Hell-beasts (see Var
pages266-267), while the more powerful po
and work their corruption secretly. Ifa terrestrial demon is
slain, itis truly dead rather than merely dispelled

Tue Biack Monk

Legends and sightings of the Black Monk are found actoss
Europe. Some say he is from Germany, others from Scotland.
Hehas been seen in Rome, in the company of catdin
south of France, with heretics; and in the halls of Paris'
University, debating philosophy with students
Appearing as a normal monk of middle years, the Black
Monk comrupts through th an of heresies to vulnerable
folk. It is said that he led a group of children away ft their
homes, promising them that they bad been chosen to enter

Paradise; the children disappeared and were never seen again

{eis often attended by swarms of rats, and plague follows
in his footste
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 4,

Manipulation 6, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits4


apon for 6 dice
Abilities: Acting
Empathy 3, Larceny 3,
5, Linguistics 5, Occult 6
plines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Dark Thaumaturgy
5, Dementation 4, Domi 1, Fortitude 3, Maleficia 5,
Obuscate 3, Presence 3, Vicissitude 3
Dark Thaumaturgical Path:
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower:

Aqueous DEMONS

These demons dwell in rivers, lakes and the ocean depths.
They delight in drowning hum
use both guile and outright forc

|, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge
cecfuge 6, Briquette 1, Academics

‘enalis 5, Video Nefas4

pecially children, and
claim their due. The
aqueous demons of the ocean are ¢ 1 s capable of

crushing ships in their coils of ten

JENNY Green TEETH

Jeany appears as.a bloated corpse with long nails and

shay teeth. She i aks from the surface of

herriver co seize a victim. It take on more

pleasant forms to lure the unw including a
fine horse and a beautiful woman,
Atcribut Dexterity 3

Manipulati

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -Ly -1y Ly -2,-2,-2,3,-3)

5, Dispelled
Attack

Potence
Abilities: Acting 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Stealth 4
Disciplines: Fortitude 5, Obfuscate 4, Potence 7
Blood Pool: 20, Willpower: 5

SUBTERRANEAN DEMONS

Claw for 10 dice + Potence, Bite for 12 dice +

edn demons dwell deep within the earth and in
k those who disturb their do:
mains (miners and treasure hunters especially), but are
otherwise encountered by humankind only when summoned
to the surface. They are slow and malicious, appearing as

hybrids of armor, flesh and stone.

caves and caverns. They

GERGIMOTH, A GNOME

Gergimoth sleepsclose by the mine workingsin Cornwall
England. Miners know not to follow lights
passages or listen tooclosely to the sounds they sometimes hear

n down closed

in the darkness. Gergimoth is roused to wrath should anyone
steal treasure from his hoard.
mina 10, Cha

Perception 4

Attributes: Stren, Dexterir

1 4, Manipulatic

Appearance


Health Levels: OK OK, OK, OK, 1, -
2,3, 3,-5.5, Dispelled

Attack: Crush for 15 dice + Potence

Abilities: Brawl 5, Discover Treasures 4

Disciplines: Fortitude 5, Potence 5,

Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Terram 5 (this isa branch
‘of Thaummaturgy governing the earth; itallows the wielder to
shatter or repair weaponsandarmor, cause minor earthquakes,
and even collapse buildings!) Though he has no knowledge of
Thaumaturgy, Gergimoth is inherently skilled with the mag-
ics of Rego Terram.

Blood Pool: 15, Willpower: 8

Bounp DEMONS

Least among infernal powers are bound demons. These
demons are so pitiful that they can be summoned and com-
manded towork by mere human magicians. Bound demonsare
usually small and beutish, often appearingasoverly large toads
or other verinin, and serve either as familias (for the length

of the magician's life) or as guards set over places or treasures.

22

-
FAMILIARS
niliars ae tiny demons that are bound to a specific
master. They generally appear as small animals (toads, cats,
weasels and ravens are common) and serve as spies and gossips.
Known familiars have included (from Mathew Hopkins Discov-
‘ery of Witches) "Holt, who cam in the form of a black kitling;
Jamara, who came in like a fat spaniel without any legs at all
like a long-legged greyhound and could
J child: Sacke and Sugar, a black rabbit;
scalled Hemauzar, Pyewackett,
ell Greedigute
d the blood of their master weekly

Vinegar Tom, who w
appear as a f
Pecke in the

Fail

Atteibutes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4.10
3, Ch 2, Manipulation 2,
Appearance 0, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4
Health Levels: OK. OK, -
1, -1,-1, Dispelled
Attack: Claw for 3
dice (possibly poison as
well for 3-5 dice)
Abilities: Dodge 3
Larceny 4, Stealth 4, Oc-
cult 5 (fami
their master this know!-
edge)
Discipline:
(same type asth
Auspex 2, Celerity 3,
Blood Pool: 5, Willpowel

Stamit

scan teach,

Animalism
familiar's form only) 3,
faleficia 2

Custobes
These minor beasts are bound to guard a place and its
treasures. They recognize only the one who summoned them
and attempt ro eat all other teespassers. They are dull-witted
immensely strong and persistent. Most of them
piders or giant toads covered in caustic slime
A few may have poisonous bites or other abilities,
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2,
0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 2, Intelligence
2, Wits?
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, 1-1 2,3,
-5, Dispelled
Attack: Claw, Bite and Grab for 7 dice + Potence
Abilities: Brawl 5, Stealth (wait patiently) 5
Disciplines: Fortitude 3, Potence 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5

THE INFERNAL
IN THE DARK
Meprevat WorLp

The infernal is presented here in a way consistent with
medieval legends and folklore. It is presented merely as part of
theroleplaying experience of the Dark Medieval world. White
Wolf makes no suggestion that Satanism in any form is an
acceptable practice, or that black magic is real.

Humanity inflicts enough horrors on itselfon a daily basis
to make the descriptions of imaginary monsters seem tarne

Toshow

evil in a dramatic m:

a5, Charisma

Jepehs of human
something we must all ris

onic entities is to show thi



As 3 voas voatkirig all alarie

3 met troa cochies rmahkirig a rain
Gnd tane inta the tither did sary O
YOhave sall we garig and dine the dary O

YOhave sell woe garig and dine the day

- "Gea Corbies traditional Breton
song of caution crows)

Pets, farniliars, beasts of gucden, faci stock
prey and voild animals ace far more common
in the Dak Whediewal word than they are in
our own Whst peoplelived woithanimals dose
by of tennunder thesarnecoofsastamilies then
selves. Cainites, therefore, often interact with
animes? as transportation, ghouls, hunting
companions, guards and sustenance,

Wiest annals were cegarded as syrrbols,
portent of thirigs to corne, exernplacs of vices or
virtues, or evenas people transformed by magi-
cal means Dons were noble rage personilied Figs
yoere, of coruse, gluttonous slobs. Gvoans were
fierce defenders of their young VOolwes vere
savage destroners. And bulls were pacagons of
cirnpleateenath Ueoush ever use animals,«
Storyteller can foreshadove upcoming events,
give hints about mysteries, or comment on
chevacters' actions or personalities.


Forthe most part, normal animalsare best described with only
Physical Traits Few have Intelligence scores higher than 2, of a
Perception scores lower than 3. Social Traits of course, ate purely
subjective. Any of the beasts below can be tured into ghoul
retainers with occasional meals of vampite blood; such compan
ionsgain Willpowerandsome'trained" Abilitiesthatwildanimals
lack, Assume that any Trait in parentheses is instilled through
hhuman contact and training; an animal inthe wikdemess does not
have these Abilities unless thete's something magical about it
Animals whose Health Levels inclule Incapacitated can survive
longer than those without it — others die when they run out of
Health Levels. The Blood Poo! Trait reflects how many points that
a feeding Cainite can drain from a beast. Note that animal blood
is far less satisfying than human vitae; some animals that have
smote blood than a human actually have lower Bloed Pool ratings

Bar
Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, -1,-3
Bite for one die
+ Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Stealth 2
Blood Pool: |
Notes: Regarded as messengers of darkness
familiars of witches, bats often carry diseases or plague-bearing
fleas. Some Cainites claim that bat blood tastes of dust,

Bear

Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK,
3,-5, Incapacitated

law for seven dice; bite for five

Abilities: Alertness3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 2, Stealth |

Blood Pool: 8

Notes: Considered figures of foolishness or mindless rage, bears
aredomesticated by some Gypsy bandsortravelingplayers, Norsemen
and Celts, however, respect beas for their power and believe them
tobe totems of strength. Beats' blood and organs ate considered
clicacies by some coarse Gangrel, who hunt themastestsofbravery
Car

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, 1, -2,-5,Incapacitated

Attack: Claw or bite for one die

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Climbing3, Intimidation 2, Stealth 4 (Empathy 2,Subterfuge 2)

Blood Pool: 3

Notes: The medieval cat does nothave a good reputation; it

is capricious, cruel, sexual, sneaky — in short, what men consider
worst in women. Naturally, most good Christians fear this tradi

«das the

tional witch's companion, despite its rat-catching talents

Cow/Batt.

Strength 3/5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3/5

DARK AGES COMPANION

Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, OK, -
Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for three dice/gore for six

Aili lertness 2 (Brawl 3)

Blood Pool: 8

Notes: While cows
simplicity, bulls epitom

Deer/Stac
Strength 1/3, Dexterity 3, St

Willpower! 3, Health Le
Incapacitated

Attack None/gore for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Stealth 2

Blood Pool: 5/7

Notes: Traditional prey of the hunt. Dect epitomize
ud natural beauty, while stags stand for pagan pride,
with an ominousundercurrent. Both have rich (ifsalty) blood

HARE
Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Sta
Willpower: 1, Health L

fe seen as symbols of domestic
masculine aggression and potency.

nina 2/3
OK, OK, +

fleetness:

focone (desperation)
lertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Stealth 4
Blood Pool: 3
Notes: These stats represent European hares, not small
"bunnies." Hares ate traditionally regarded as symbols of

fertility and feminine cunning.

Hawk/Crow/Rav

/OWL

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2,-5
Attack: Claw for two dice; bite for one (desperation)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2 (Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4)

Blood Pool: 2

Notest The hawk, a traditional hunting animal, is ascribed
with the virtues of keen sight and pride. The crow, an unusually
incelligent bird, is chought to read minds, speak and foretell the
future — its appearance is considered a death omen. The raven is
a traditional sorcere's companion, and is said to speak in riddles
and foretell ill events. The owl, long associated with scholars and
sages, represents both price and terror. While the owl is seen asa
wise bid, itsscreech and staring eyessymbolize impending disaster

Horse/ WARHOR
th 4/6, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3/5
Willpower: 2/4, Health Levels: OK, OK,
ated
Attack: Trample or kick for six/seven dice; bite for three
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1 (Brawl 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2)

Blood Pool:


Notes: Symbols of simple-minded virtue, horsesaren'tclever
but ate steadfast, tireless and loyal. Horses have fietce tempers
when roused, and wild spirits that only the most dedicated riders
cantame, Theunicom, the horse's cousin, exemplifieseverything
that is best about the horse, and also has insight and is pute

Hound
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -I,-Iy-2,-2, 5
Attack: Bite for five dice; claw for four
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3 (Dodge 3,

Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Stealth 2)
Blood Pool: 4
Notes: Loyal, brave and ferocious, the hound is consid
ered an ideal hunter and guardian: it knows its duty and
performs it without fault. Though the hound is considered
dirty and stupid by some, no one doubts its skill

or temper.
These Traits reflect large hounds like mastiffs and hunt-
ing dogs. Smaller, domestic canines will not be as formidable.

Lion CEaRopEAN)
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Health Levels: OK, -1,

Claw for four dice; bite for five
lertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4
(Dodge 3, Stealth 3)
Blood Pool: 9
Notes: Although tales hold that the Romans extermi-
nated these regal monsters, lions are occasionally found in
desolate regions throughout western and southern Europe.
Courageous, proud, terrifying when enraged, and loyal, the
lion embodies the qualities that noblemen aspire to.

Mate
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
‘Willpower: 6, Health Levels: OK, OK, -,,
Attack: Kick for five dice; bite for four
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Blood Pool: 4
Notes: The mule is the quintessential fool; too stubborn to
know what's good for it. Although sturdy, reliable beasts, mules

are often more obnoxious than useful. Despite their
thickheadedness, mules are considered humble and hanl-work-

ing once roused int
Pic /Boar

Strength 2/4, Dexterity 2, Stamin
Health Levels: OK, OK

4, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for two/four dice; boars gore for five
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics2, Brawl 2 (Intimidation 2)
Blood Pool: 4/6

Notes: These traditional gluttons are far stronger and tougher
than many farm beasts,andare easily underestimated. The wild boar,
a traditional game animal, is sid to have a passionate heart. Those
who eat the heart are granted ferocity and trelessness in battle

Rar

Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, «1, -5

Attack: Bite for one die (swarm attacks do three dice per tum
andare assumed toalwayshave three successes on their initiative roll)

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Stealth 3 (Larceny 2)

Blood Pool: 2

Notes: Deceit and disease are the hallmarks of the rat
Plague- hide in rat fur as the vermin steal through houses,
gnawat food, foul goods and attack children. Rats are everywher
Their blood is as filthy as their behavior. They travel in number

a rat swarm isas dangerousasa predatory animal, and ispesilent

SHEEP
Strength 2, Dexterity stamina 2
AAy-1,-3, ncapacitated

ms can gore for three dice

leek and gentle, the lamb epitomizes the Chris-
tian ideal: innocent and shepherded by the wise. Yet the
connotation of victim applies as well. The sheep symbolizes
everything that a lord hopes for in his vassals. Cainites who
drink from lambs claim the blood is smooth but weak,

Swan

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, 3, -5

Attack: Wings for two dice; bite for two

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 2

Blood Pool: 3

Notes: The symbol of purity and strength, the swan
protects its family with surprising ferocity. Often associated
with treasure and transformations from base to beautiful, the
swan is considered a bied of good, if temperamental, fortune,

WoLr
Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Seamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK,-1
Attack: Bite and claw for four dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Braw 3, Dodge 1, Stealth 2
Blood Pool: 4
Notes: Ravager. Seducer. Destroyer. Wolves combine cunning
and social behavior with savagery. Tales portray the wolf as liar in
a comely guise, and asa monster that kill forthe thrill of i. Some
ragans still revere this hunter for his skill and wisdom, bur most of
dsthe wolfa nurel of course
mselveskin co wolves, despite the Garou who haunt the
forests. To Gangre, the wolfisa totem, asymbot oftheir primal pede

APPENDIX: BESTIARY

3,-5,Incapacitated

heepitomeofevil. The


Welcome to the Long Night, childe. Come and fi
learn the secrets of an ancient race that comes alive i
after the last rays of sun have fled the sky and that
hides in the darkness or at the foot of the children's
beds. A whole new world lies within, just waiting
to unfold before your unbelieving eyes. Run with
the Children of Caine through the moonless nights

—__ of Dark Medieval Europe, learn their lore and solve re}
+ ~ _ their mysteries — for you have become one of them. A
+) r) x i ,
+ +
~ewites THE DARK AGES COMPANION -
— =
Ue includes: ‘|
QS "eve s
Y "* 6 S a, F i"
mn aS a> GS Ge © New bloodlines that met their ends at the '
SO OD, hands of the Inquisition and their mystical ily
Sh I) ST) SO. Disciplines; a.
, ay AY G Isciplines,
Pp pay a * Expanded information on the Roads
VA 9) 5 t all Cainites follow;
xy . ¢ . .
ae Se fer e A plethora of information on Dark
YUNA $ "4 Medieval Europe, including paganism,
= Os ra
We BY Kabbalah and dread infernalism.
3S

Ora NES

WW2

: ul ll
HN
