# File: Dark Kingdom of Jade - Adventures.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ADark Kins ‘atl
for Ns Ihe tiv"


=a ae
SN Coyne

By Tim Akers, Mark Cencryk, Ben Chessell, Chris Howard and james A. Moore
Additional Material By Allen Tower



| itis

Existence is sanctuary:
Itis a good man's purse
It is also a bad man's keep

Clever performances come dear or cheap

Goodness comes free:

4
And how shall a man who acts better deny a man who acts worse.. é


Written by: Tim Akers, Mark Cenczyk, Ben Chessell, Chris
Howard and James A. Moore

Additional Writing by: Allen Tower and Richard E. Dansky
Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Ronni Radner

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Direction by: Aileen E. Miles, Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Mike Danza, Fred Hooper, Leif Jones, Bryan LeBlanc,
Heather McKinney, Andrew Ritchie, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Border Design: John Cobb

Front & Back Cover: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and typesetting by: Katie McCaskill

OO -

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
B SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly denied, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Wraith: The Oblivion, Dark
Kingdom of Jade Adventures and The Dark
Kingdom of Jade are trademarks and copyrights
of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any compa-
nies or products in these pages is not a challenge
to the trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved,
reader discretion is advised.

Special Thanks to:

Jennifer Hartshorn, who gave my my first break in the
gaming industry, who fought for me to get Wraith, and who
means more to me as a friend than she knows.

Remy Blaine, whose unstinting help with unraveling the
mysteries of inventory and limitless good humor have been
greatly appreciated.

Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, who helped lure me into the
world of Vampire in the first place.

Elizabeth Fokes, for putting some more magic into ac-
counting.

Trace o'Connor, our department Mommy, whose orphans
will miss you terribly.

Sean Bajar, who didn't get to touch his dream long
enough.

Lisa Charlton, Lori Sanders and David Remy, who threw
themselves on their swords for the sake of others. I admire
you, and fervently hope that the good that you do now is
returned to you threefold.

...and all of the other victims of Bloody Wednesday.
Those of us who remain miss you, and want you back.

9 CO-OP ---O-- Ord

Humble apologies to Markleford Friedman,
co-author of Dark Kingdom of Jade, for yet
another typo in the credits. Mea culpa, mea
culpa, mea maxima maxima culpa...


Dark Kingdom of JADE

(
\
hy)
j
\
j
‘
4}
Nin)
Yad
" to
A Te
M
y.
a.
WS
fh (ey
e
(
j
‘

Table of Contents

introduction 6
Part I: Places to Go

he Odyssey of the Prince Alexseé Flagship of the Tsushima Floating Renegades 10
Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun 30
he Well of Night: The jade Palace 5
att I: Things to Do

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror 66
A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion 8)

in The House of Pika Don 98

Contents


i) the Shadowlands of the People's Republic
4) of China. It yawns eastward to Japan, and
south to the bare branches of Mekong
jungles dosed with Agent Orange. Nor is it
restricted simply to the Shadowlands; deep
within the Tempest rest the twin citadels
of The Jade Palace and Ti Yu. Heaven and Hell are Yu Huang's
domain, or at least he would have his subjects believe so.

In theory, the Empire is a perfect realm of order and
stability. There is no difference in order or law, whether one
rests on the Jade Palace's doorstep or stands in the heart of
conquered Nippon.

The reality, of course, is something different. Even
within the Palace itself, intrigue and corruption fester.
And if such things can occur outside the chambers of the

Emperor himself, what might go on in the tributary states
of Bangkok or Vietnam? What unholy deals might be struck
on the streets of Ti Yu, which the people call Hell? And

what of those who rebel against the Emperor's rule? From
the seas of the Tempest to the heart of Spectre-haunted
Hiroshima, they are a far greater threat than the smiling
men from the Protectorate would have one believe.

So, there is a place within the borders of the Jade Em-
pire for those who do not wish simply to be model citizens,
paying their taxes and obeying the edicts posted on Eunuchs
in town squares. There is a place for those who rebel and a
place for those who seek to end rebellion. There is a place

for foreigners attempting to find their way into the Yellow
Springs and a place for those desperately trying to escape.
From Hell to Hiroshima, the gates of the Jade Empire have
been thrown wide open.

Introduction

\we s Mes
4 x ( ae :
How To Use This Book

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures is a chance to ex-
plore the other lands that Yu Huang lays claim to. The book
is divided into two sections: Places to Go (Haunts) and Things
to Do (Adventures). There are three of each. The first sec-
tion, Places to Go, details a trio of settings for play.

The Odyssey of the Prince Alexsei: Flagship of the
Tsushima Floating Renegades details one of the most feared
rebel groups in Yu Huang's domain, as well as offering rules
for ship-to-ship combat in the Tempest.

Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun unveils the ter-
tible secret hiding in the attic of one of the most haunted
and cursed brothels in Bangkok.

The Well of Night: The Jade Palace is a guide to the
wonders and horrors of the Emperor's Palace, which sits on
an isle of sanity in the heart of the Tempest. Also included

are statistics for the Four Magistrates, as well as the night-
mare construct that is Eunuch Central.

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

The second section, Things to Do, is a series of uncon-
nected adventures set in the Yellow Springs.

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror takes the
characters to the depths of Hell before offering them a chance
for escape; but the price of escape may be too high, even if all
of the jailers do take bribes.

A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion is designed
as a way to introduce Western wraiths to the Jade Kingdom.
Set in the jungles of Vietnam, A Voice in the Wilderness
brings the characters face to face with the legendary Col. Roth
and his Lost Legion. All is celebration when the colonel puts
the word out that he's looking for allies in his fight against Yu
Huang, at least at first...

In The House of Pika Don takes the characters to
the heart of Hiroshima's nuclear devastation. Designed for
Jade Kingdom characters, the adventure sends the hapless
wraiths into the depths of the Spectre-ravaged city in
search of the great treasure hidden within: the relic of the
first atomic bomb. The Fist of Nippon wants the bomb as
well, however, and the denizens of the Nihil may not want
to let it out of their grasp.


lexicon

Included here for Storyteller reference is an updated ver-
sion of the Lexicon from Dark Kingdom of Jade.

Buddhism: A philosophy, founded in India, that teaches
that right thinking and self-denial will enable the soul to reach
Nirvana, a divine state of release from misdirected desire.

Confucianism: The ethical teachings formulated by
Confucius and introduced into Chinese religion; they em-
phasize devotion to parents, family, and friends, cultivation
of the mind, self-control and honest social activity.

Conquered Territories: The non-Chinese Shadowlands
under the dominion of the Jade Kingdom.

Eunuch: A soul Moliated and lobotomized into serving as
a recording device for information. Commonly used by Magis-
trates and as methods of disseminating the laws to the populace.

Feng Tu: Entrance into the Hell created by the Emperor
as a place to send criminals and enemies.

Fist of Nippon: A revolutionary movement, dedicated
to freeing the Shadowlands of Japan from Yu Huang's grasp.

Hun: The intellectual aspect of the soul, controlling
higher functions. Equivalent in game terms to the Psyche.

Immortal Guard: The Emperor's elite army; incredibly
strong and fanatically loyal.

Jade Palace: The Emperor's colossal abode, located within
the Tempest.

Kuei: Hungry Ghosts; nearly mindless manifestations of
the disgruntled p'o who has not been properly buried. They
wander the Yellow Springs causing mayhem.

Kuei-go: The equivalent of barghests; wraiths who
have been tortured and Moliated into inhuman killing
machines.

Ma Mien: Horse Face Demon, one of Yu Huang's most
potent servants in Ti Yu.

Nippon: Another name for Japan.

P'eng Lai: Another term for Paradise.

P'o: The part of the soul related to physical aspects of
existence; often referred to as the "animalistic" side of the

soul. In game terms, equivalent to the Shadow.

Qin Shihuang: Yu Huang, Jade Emperor. In life, the first
emperor of a united China. In death, something more.

Taoism: A philosophy founded on the doctrines of Lao
Tsu; it advocates simplicity, selflessness and similar virtues.

Ti Yu: Earth Prison, the capital of Hell

White Jade: The term for the milky white substance into
which enslaved wraiths are often transformed; similar to
Stygian metal.

Yellow Springs: Another term for the Shadowlands.

Yu: The Chinese word for jade, which has mystical pow-
ers in the Underworld.

Yu Huang: The Jade Emperor; ruler of the lands of the
Chinese dead and many conquered territories.


i) Ta oT ae 7H

By Mark Cenczyk

Haunt Level: 4
Memoriam Level: 2

They groaned, they stirred, they all uprose,
Nor spake, nor moved their eyes;

It had been strange, even in a dream,

To have seen those dead men rise

The helmsman steered, the ship moved on;
Yet never a breeze up-blew;

The mariners all 'gan work the ropes,
Where they were wont to do;

They raised their limb like lifeless tools—
We were a ghastly crew

— Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner

The Odyssey 0
he Prince Alexsei

laship of the Tsushima Floating Renegades

The Odyssey of the Prince Alexsei 119


he Far East has historically been an area
shrouded in mystery for Westerners, its
exotica captivating the imagination and
exciting the wanderlust of adventurers
from Columbus to Captain Cook, from
Admiral Perry to Marco Polo. Europeans
have looked to the enigma of the Far East
as a treasure chest of wealth for the taking. The "opening" of
China and Japan by the imperialistic West in the last half of
the nineteenth century was only the first step in peeling away
the protective layers of Oriental culture and society. In the
Shadowlands, however, the situation is drastically different.
The Dark Kingdom of Jade, a colossus swathed in a thick fog
of the unknown and foreboding, holds no such enticement
for Stygian wraiths. The only wealth in the Jade Kingdom is
in the currency of foreign souls, and the Jade Emperor has
stretched his talons across his empire's borders into Japan,
Korea, Tibet, Nepal, Indonesia and Indochina to mine the
spirits of other nations. Of course, pockets of rebellion spring
up in these Conquered Territories every so often, but the Jade
Empire has successfully suppressed them, and fleets of Impe-
rial Reapers continue to make regular voyages to these Terri-
tories for the constant harvest of these sentient crops.

But now another force goads the Jade fleets. It is the
Tsushima Floating Renegades, a crew of men and women
whose paths crossed at Tsushima Strait, the decisive sea en-
gagement of the Russo-Japanese War. Their vessel is the
sunken Russian battleship the Prince Alexsei, a headquarters
and sanctuary for souls they pick up and safeguard from the
Reapers' blades. A collection of wraiths from every time and
place, the Tsushima Floating Renegades patrol the sea lanes
of the Tempest in their one-ship navy — part soldiers, part
pirates, wholly pledged to freeing the Conquered Territories
from the Emperor's legions.

The Prince Alersei

: he Prince Alexsei is the base of operations
% M) for the Tsushima Floating Renegades.
P Built in Philadelphia in 1902, it measures
over 400 feet long and 75 feet wide, the
largest battleship in the Second Baltic
Fleet that made the journey east. Her shell
lies irretrievable at the bottom of
Tsushima Strait, a narrow sleeve that separates the Korean
peninsula from the string of islands that is Japan.

Over the years, a few enterprising divers have ventured
beneath the waves to explore the wreckage and collect what
curiosities they could: a ship's log here, a sidearm there, even
a complete silver tea service from the officers' wardroom.
These few baubles accompany a scale model of the Alexsei

at 12

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

) =e >,
~

on display in a long-forgotten alcove of the Imperial War
Museum in London, but they only begin to tell the tragic
story of this vessel. Those that have delved below and poked
around the great wreck bear witness to a twisted mess of rot-
ting metal, and cannot help but gaze in wonder at the
wretched sight that once held the hope for the future of the
Russian empire. Six 12-inch guns, eight 6-inch guns, and over
50 smaller gun turrets dot the deck of the Prince Alexsei. Four
massive smokestacks, inexplicably painted in eye-catching
bright yellow and ringed at the top with a wide black band,
are smothered in layers of kelp and coral. Whole schools of
fish make their homes in the mouths of the Alexsei's four
torpedo tubes, and her great black hull lies savagely ripped
apart by the pair of holes that took her to the bottom, along
with any hope of a Russ

an victory.

In the Shadowlands, the Prince Alexsei survives as a relic
ship. She still carries the scars of her first and final engagement
at Tsushima, but fevered work by her Russian crew has again
made her seaworthy, and the sight of the Prince Alexsei's mas-
sive bulk and four unmistakable smokes cutting through
the water has put many a crew of Imperial Reapers to flight.

The bridge is centered on the foredeck, where Captain
Marius Khiznekov guides the Renegades along their sojourn
through the Tempest, ever on the lookout for the enemy's ves-
sels. Directly behind the bridge is the officers' wardroom, the
nerve center of the Renegades. Khiznekov holds court here,
with a small nucleus of trusted wraiths as his officers. All of
these define Tsushima Strait as their moment of reckoning,
and their Passions have led them in death to the Prince Alexsei.

Around the deck, the Alexsei's full component of guns
has sent many a foolhardy Reaper craft into the abyssal depths
of the Tempest. Atop the main mast flies the "Zed Flag," a
cloth square consisting of four converging triangles of red,
blue, yellow, and black — the adopted symbol of the Tsushima
Floating Renegades. Lifeboats are connected, three on each
side, and used as landing craft for the times when the Ren-
egades mount raids into the Conquered Territories themselves.

Below decks, living quarters for 200 persons are filled to
capacity with rescued souls and full-fledged Renegades. Those
with mechanical expertise work in the engine room or man
the guns and torpedoes, while those with a natural affinity for
tracking and combat assemble in the large general quarters room
to be briefed on their missions, which are meticulously mapped
out by a tight-knit group of strategists under the auspices of the
operations officer, Lt. Comdr. Matsuhiro Sati.

The engine room is the factory of the Alexsei, where chief
engineer Grigory Radenska toils away on the solid state ma-
chinery of the Shadowlands, building, tinkering with and re-
pairing anything that ends up on his workbench. He and a
small think tank of Renegades keep the Alexsei's turbines run-

ning on Pathos, meanwhile manipulating the raw stuff of the
Jade Empire into the weaponry of rebellion. A huge pair of


a

holes in the engine room marks the fatal point of impact from
Japanese torpedoes; they have been painstakingly patched up
with Moliated spirits of the first crew of Imperial Reapers who
unwisely crossed the Renegades' path. Radenska thinks this a
fitting end to those members of the Jade Emperor's legions.
His fellow Renegades do not disagree.

Ships are living things; every sailor knows that. They have
names — familiar, human pronouns that are used to refer to
them. They are painstakingly maintained, repaired and oper-
ated, and are genuinely loved. In the heat of battle or the eye
ofa storm, they can do the most improbable things, almost as if
the ship is willing itself not to die. Every ship has a soul; the
Prince Alexsei is no different, and this fact is never more appar-
ent than in the Shadowlands. The Tempest itself is a frighten-
ing thoroughfare, and those wraiths with exceptionally keen
hearing can make out the innumerable shrieks of souls sub-
merged in the inky whirlpools of Oblivion, a cacophony of
horridness that the Alexsei's hull, like some great sepulchral
radio receiver, is particularly attuned to catch. As her mangled
propellers effortlessly cut through the Tempest, the Prince Alexsei
pulsates with the energy of being. She emits a low hum, just on
the outermost edge of sound, that many wraiths mistake for
the churning of the engines when they first board her. The
Russians know better — the Alexsei is literally crying.

history

"There was a ship," quoth he.

— Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient
Mariner

On February 8, 1904, a fleet of Japanese warships under
the command of Admiral Heihachiro Togo sailed into the Yel-
low Sea and attacked the Russian Pacific Squadron at Port
Arthur, off China's Liaotung Peninsula. To the world's amaze-
ment, the Japanese sank several of the Russians' warships and
damaged others to the point where they had no choice but to
be scuttled. This attack marked the beginning of the Russo-
Japanese War, which was to end with final Japanese victory in
the turgid waters of Tsushima Strait the next year. The Prince
Alexsei was one of five battleships that went down in that final
battle, and many of the more superstitious scholars of naval
history believe that the Alexsei was, from the beginning, a cursed
ship. Named after the Tsar's hemophiliac newborn son and
staffed by a ragtag group of unschooled and inexperienced sail-
ors, many of whom were thrown into their first sea battle at
Tsushima, she was the victim of these and many other factors.

At its launch in 1902, the Prince Alexsei was considered
to be one of the fiercest ships of battle yet created. Along
with its immense arsenal, the Alexsei was clocked in test runs

The Odyssey of the Prince Alexsei 13


off the Atlantic coast at an unheard of speed of 24 knots; this
when the best battleships of her time were only besting 18.
Alfred Thayer Mahan, the great American naval logician,
after sailing in her declared that "If the Almighty Himself
were to captain a vessel, He could fare no better than by tak-
ing the helm of the Alexsei." It was widely agreed in top na-
val circles that the designers in Philadelphia had wrought a
ship that could safely be termed indestructible.

Of course, people said similar things about the Titanic as
well, and though the Prince Alexsei might have performed
successfully in its original form, by the time it sailed to re-
lieve the besieged Port Arthur, it was nothing like the ship
that had sailed so proudly from the Philadelphia yards two
years before. A number of shipbuilders with friends at the
court of Nicholas II managed to secure contracts for modifi-
cations of several vessels in the Tsar's navy to make them
"more seaworthy." Contracts and money in hand, these schem-
ers proceeded to make extensive changes to a large number
of the navy's vessels, the Prince Alexsei being one of them.
Superfluous design changes and "improved" officers' quarters
were added to her frame in such a way that the additional
weight rendered her incapable of going any faster than 20
knots, and then only when she was sailing flat out.

The Prince Alexsei sat in Russian naval yards for a year
and a half while her shell was violated by these modifica-
tions, during which time three workers lost their lives to ac-
cidents. By the time the shipbuilders had had their way with
her and it came time to commission and man her, the best
seamen had long since been assigned to the Far East. After
Port Arthur, most of these men were dead, leaving the great-
est battleship in the Russian navy sitting deserted in drydock.
With no experienced men to man her, the head of the Sec-
ond Baltic Fleet, Admiral Zinovy Rozhdestvensky, was com-
pelled to turn to merchant marines and reservists' ranks for a
crew able, if not worthy, to man the Prince Alexsei.

Chosen as captain was Marius Khiznekov, a middle-aged
merchant marine seaman whose previous experience was spent
captaining a trawler in the North Sea. His crew was a patchwork
of fishermen, aged naval reservists, lower-class shipyard workers
and peasants recruited from landlocked farming villages. Half of
them had never been to sea, and those that had been had sailed
so long ago that the technology of the Prince Alexsei_ was com-
pletely foreign to them. Unable to delay the projected date for
the fleet to sail, the Alexsei's men were subjected to rushed and
haphazard training, and by the time they raised anchor with the
fleet, they knew little more than when they started. The senior
gunnery officer on board a sister ship, the Suvaroff, said of the
Alexsei's crew: "Some of them know nothing and the rest can
only remember what is obsolete and useless."

Despite the mounting handicaps, Captain Khiznekov was
determined to get his crew and his vessel into fighting shape
during the long voyage east. The Second Baltic Fleet's course

was to sail through the English Channel, around France and
Spain, all the way around the Horn of Africa to Madagascar,
through the Indian Ocean to Singapore and Indochina, and
then through the South China Sea to Port Arthur, where it
would hopefully blow the First Battle Division of the Japa-
nese navy out of the water.

The trip took a tortuous eight months, during which time
the ill-prepared fleet met a host of hardships. Barely out of
the North Sea, the fleet encountered a small group of English
fishing trawlers off the Dogger Bank on the night of October
21, 1904. Thinking them English destroyers, Rozhdestvensky
ordered his ships to open fire on the diminutive boats. This
attracted the attention of a squad of English cruisers, who
promptly returned the favor in defense of the civilian crafts.
By the time the smoke had cleared and the Russian fleet had
realized its error, shots from the Alexsei had already sunk one
trawler, the Crane, and badly damaged another. Refusing to
stop and help with the survivors, the Second Baltic Fleet re-
sumed formation and sailed quickly through the English Chan-
nel out to the Atlantic. Khiznekov was inwardly furious at
the fleet's actions, as his efforts to rectify the situation and
help the attacked trawlers by lowering a lifeboat party were
immediately countermanded by Admiral Rozhdestvensky.
Khiznekov returned to the Alexsei, having lost all respect for
the Admiral, and was only slightly mollified when interna-
tional outrage at the fleet's actions sent Rozhdestvenzky to
sweat it out before a Court of Enquiry.

After the Dogger Bank incident, attitudes toward this
mad-dog fleet cooled considerably around the world. The
Second Baltic Fleet was met with decidedly frigid response at
practically every port they stopped at to refuel. Seamen, given
shore leave, were looked upon askance by the native resi-
dents. Rather than have his men add fuel to the fire,
Khiznekov kept his crew on board the ship at every single
port, drilling them on procedure and battle tactics and ex-
horting them to learn every single switch and button on board
the ship. The other ships found the sight of a gang of backwa-
ter rubes running around all decks during a General Quarters
drill to be akin to a circus sideshow, but Khiznekov kept at it
all the way around Africa and through the Indian Ocean,
promising himself that the crew that would face the Japanese
would be fluid in their execution and deadly in their aim.

Not surprisingly, Khiznekov's mindset was not shared by
his fellow captains, who continued to see the entire journey as
futile. With each passing day at sea the general morale of the
fleet in regards to prospective victory sank lower and lower;
many ships were openly voicing their disgust with the Tsar and
his "vain little war." Victory against the Japanese, and the glory
that would come with it, held no attraction for the fleet cap-
tains, and the unvoiced preference was for defeat and the sub-
sequent blow to the monarchy. The fleet captains, whose stan-
dards would never have been described as Nelsonian, spoke

14 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

a
i

<I
wy
Tw

SLT TTT


directly amongst themselves about mutiny and desertion. On
the night before the battle, Khiznekov and all of the fleet's
captains met in the wardroom of the Suvaroff for a final dinner
with Rozhdestvensky before the engagement. The atmosphere
was more suitable for a wake, with no captain present thinking
anything of victory. Growing angrier and angrier at the blatant
cowardice around him, Khiznekov stood up and made a toast
to his ship and his crew: "You are not soldiers, you who sit here
and talk of surrender and flight, who mock those of us whose
duty has brought us here. Tomorrow, I promise you, my crew
and I will fight the Japanese, alone if necessary. We are cer-
tainly alone in our opinion of victory. It may be that the Japa-
nese blow us to bits. But I promise you one thing: All of us, the
crew of the Prince Alexsei, shall at least know how to die. We
will not surrender."

Disgusted, Khiznekoy returned to his ship and his men
and called all hands on deck. He ordered the officers' store of
vodka broken open and passed around to the men, whereupon
he toasted their loyalty to each other and to their captain. He
praised their duty and their resourcefulness, and called upon
them to face the next day with a will of iron. "It is for ourselves
that we fight the enemy tomorrow," he said. "We must be strong
and brave, and temper our mettle to the task ahead. Come

what may, we must not go down in history as cowards." At
this, he dismissed the men and called for lights out.

The next day the Second Baltic Fleet sailed in single file,
"line ahead" formation, and met the First Battle Division of the
Imperial Japanese Navy, commanded by Admiral Heihachiro
Togo. From the bridge of the Alexsei, Khiznekoy could see the
fleet of the Japanese, Togo's battleship Mikasa leading the way.
Atop the Mikasa's mast flew one solitary alphabetic signal flag,
for the letter Z. Togo had long ago added this single code to the
naval code books, as a call to courage: ON THIS ONE BATTLE RESTS
THE FATE OF OUR NATION. LET EVERY MAN DO HIS UTMOST.

At approximately 1:30 PM, the fleets collided, and it was
clear that the Japanese ships were far superior to the Rus-
sians', By 3:15, the Russian battleship Oslyaba had been sunk,
and Togo's method of sailing straight across the Russian fleet's

line and isolating pockets of ships was spectacularly success-
ful. By 7:00 PM, the Russian lines had broken, and another
pass by Togo's ships isolated and sunk Rozhdestvensky's ship.
Within a half hour, Togo had isolated the battleships Alexander
III and Borodino and sunk them as well. At that point, the
Japanese trained their sights on the Prince Alexsei.

The Prince Alexsei had not fared well in the fight. She had
suffered damage to most of her smaller guns and half of her larger
guns; to make matters worse, a torpedo from the Japanese cruiser
Azumi had hit her main propellor. The torpedo was a dud, but it
had done significant damage to the blades, and the Alexsei was
only able to manage half speed for the remainder of the battle.


ver, if the Japane
battleship was going to be
three sunken sisters, they were fatally mistaken. Khiznekov
ed an all-out attack on the four ships opposing him, satu-
rating them with every single shell the Alexsei had left. He
sank one and caused serious damage to another, but while
the Alexsei was attempting to round on the Mikasa, the dam-
aged propellors could not make the turn fast enough, and the
bulk of her hull exasperatingly trying to repositior

orde

self was
enough of a target for Togo to fire his torpedoes. The pair of
underwater missiles slammed into the exact same point on
the Alexsei's body, converging on the engine room. The ex-
plosion lifted the Prince Alexsei almost clear out of the water,
spilling her over on her side and sending her below. As he
watched her go down, Admiral Togo, whose personal code of
honor had taught him to respect the bravery of an opponent,
bowed his head and uttered a short prayer for the peaceful
rest of the Alexsei and her crew, the only true warriors in the

entire Russian fleet.

mies aoe

| th Toushinma oatng

Renegades

Wy Wa eal avers sea suicliow' di cionett conelease aerin
(And b

Whereof what's past is prologue; what to come,

that destiny) to perform an act

In yours and my discharge

— William Shakespeare, The Tempest

Although comprised of men and women of several na-
tionalities, the heart of the Tsushima Floating Renegades is a
tight nucleus of Rus
ferociti kept them a few steps ahead of Oblivion. The
spectral hulk of the Prince Alex

an wraiths whose individual emotional
s have

ei imbues them with renewed

The Guns of the Alxsei

Ship to ship combat in the Shadowlands and
Tempest is a far cry from its Skinlands counterpart.
When aship is damaged by "gunfire" in the wars of
wraiths, what is actually sundered is its unity as a
relic construct. If too much of the fabric of the
memory that manifests as a relic is damaged, then
the memory itself dissolves and the relic is destroyed.

Such is the way of naval warfare in the Tem-
pest and Shadowlands. The ultimate goal when
facing an enemy ship is not to let the surging
waters into your rival's hull; there are no waters
here, and the Tempest will not swallow a ship
until it is destroyed. Rather, one seeks to damage
an opponent's ship so severely that it can lo longer
maintain any pretense of what it once was, caus-
ing it to dissolve spectacularly. This dissolution
may take the form of sinking beneath the waves
of the Tempest, but what is really occurring is
that the idea of the ship itself has been destroyed.

Khiznekov and Togo have learned this lesson
well and use their understanding effectively in com-
bat. The Alexsei's usual method of attack is to target
any outstanding features of the ship or ships oppos-
ing them, thus quickly rendering them generic hulks

and unravelling their existence more quickly than
aseries of shots at the waterline would.

The Alexsei's guns use relic ammunition
which the Renegades have
sea floor at the Tsushima Straits. They've also
been known to use whatever relics or Artifacts
are handy in times of desperation, and the guns
have never yet failed to fire no matter what
was placed within them.

crounged from the.

System: The Alexsei's guns have a base dam-
age dice pool of 6, 8, or 10 dice, depending upon
whether one is using the small, medium, or large
guns. In addition, the smallest guns are triple-
mounted in turrets, so that assuming that there
are sufficient gunners, all three guns can be fired
at once. To use the guns, the gunner must roll
Dexterity + Firearms. If the gunner has a spe-
cialty in Artillery, the difficulty is 5, othewise
the difficulty is 9. The guns can be fired every
other round in combat; the intervening round
is spent reloading. The avetage Reaper ship can
stand up to 100 levels of damage before going
down; it is rare for an individual wraith to sur-
vive a single direct hit.


strength and a sense of focus that has saved them from the
fate that has befallen so many of their fallen comrades.
Initially, the Russians wanted nothing to do with the fight
against the Jade Emperoi
simple evasion of the Reapers' nets; under Khiznekov's com-

Their primary purpose was one of

mand, they were outsiders and liked it that way. For a time,
this arrangement worked. The Prince Alexsei and her crew
sailed the disused byways of the Tempest in an expert fashion
— hiding out in unchartable coves and inlets, sailing on the
very edge of storms in order to camouflage their presence,
and staying just ahead of the Reapers and Bugi mercenaries.

The transition from hunted to hunter came about unex-
pectedly, as all such great transitions do. Sailing along the
coast of that part of the Conquered Territories that had once
been the Shadowlands of Japan, the Prince Alexsei caught sight
ofasmall, rickety craft no more than 20 feet long. The vessel
was crammed to bursting with wraiths, sailing hard to get away
from an Imperial vessel hard on its wake. On the bridge,
Khiznekov was ready to slink back into parts unseen when he
saw the tiny craft hailing the Alexsei; it was a wraith in naval

uniform frenetically wigwagging a distress signal. Peering at
the craft, Khiznekov could make out an SOS call, but more
importantly he recognized the flag the wraith was using to
hail his ship: a signal flag for the letter Z, the same flag that
flew atop the Mikasa on that fateful afternoon.

At that moment, Khiznekov ordered for a hard about

turn, uttering one short command: "Sink it." By the time

the captain of the Reaper ship realized what was coming up
hard on his starboard side, the Prince Alexsei had already
fired off its main guns. Targeted from point-blank range, the
spectral shells connected with the hull of the Reaper ship
and blew it clear on its side. As the Imperial ship went down,
littering the sea with Jade functionaries, Khiznekov ordered
a lifeboat lowered and ventured out to pick up the drifting
Japanese wraiths. When he reached the little boat,
Khiznekov recognized the man who was signaling to him
Admiral Heihachiro Togo, his opposite at the battle of
Tsushima Strait. The flailing Imperial functionaries were left
for the circling Spectres.

The force of that moment hit Khiznekov harder than
any torpedo blast could; it was then that he realized that if
he and his crew were to survive in this non-world, they could
not be spectators. The Prince Alexsei had faced death with
an unflinching gaze; now, trapped in this world of death,
they could not betray that resolution. It was shortly there-
after that both groups of wraiths combined to form the
Tsushima Floating Renegades.

It was also shortly thereafter that the Jade Empire first got
wind of their existence — the ship Khiznekov had sunk was
the Jade Dragon, the pride of the Emperor's Reaper fleet. Soon

The Odyssey of the Prince Alexsei 17


Many of the Fetters of the members of the
Alexsei's crew are either at the bottom of the
ocean or in such far-flung locales as Moscow
and Port Arthur. This makes reaching and pro-
tecting them extraordinarily difficult, and the
strain the characters feel that being separated
from their Fetters is an important component
of the Alexsei's shipboard tension. On the other
hand, a quest to retrieve Khiznekov'
bars th
Alexsei might make for a fascinating

captair

from the sunken wreck Prince

chronicle

after, reports started to pour into the Jade Palace of other
Reaper ships disappearing: the Jade Tiger had been forced
aground off the Vietnamese coast with all aboard destroyed.
The Silkworm had been raided and scuttled, its cargo of
Korean wraiths liberated. Three of the Emperor's finest
Reaper ships, the Baiji, the Jade Lotus, and the Windchime,
had been sabotaged in one of the Imperial satellite har-
bors, and were now useless. There was an unfamiliar ship
in the Tempest, it was said; it seemed to have come out of
nowhere, an avenging angel descending upon the Reaper
crafts and destroying them,

At this, the Jade Emperor had heard enough. If he was
going to keep a steady traffic in foreign souls, the Prince Alexsei
would have to be destroyed. Now, all Reaper ships are armed.
No convoy goes out without an armed escort. The Jade Em-
peror has even enlisted fleets of Bugi ships to track the Tem-
pest and report the first sign of the Alexsei to the Empire. The
Empire is now on full alert, and the Emperor himself is look-
ing forward to the inevitable moment when he grinds the
Tsushima Floating Renegades under his heel....

After all, how much can one ship do?

Captain Marius Khiznekov

If the Prince Alexsei was meant to be doomed from the
start, it certainly was not because of the actions of her first,
and last, captain. With the cream of the crop of Russia's
top naval academies gracing the sea floor around Port
Arthur, Marius Khiznekov was plucked straight out of the
merchant marines and was reluctantly given the prize helm
of the Second Baltic Fleet because he was literally the best
man for the job. Overwhelmed with the responsibility of

commanding the Second Baltic's newest and most lauded
war machine, Khiznekov was determined to prove himself
to be as good leadership material as any of the top brass.
His tenure on board the Alexsei was nothing short of night-
marish, as the obvious lack of support from the higher na-
val echelons made him a virtual pariah in the eyes of his
fellow fleet captains. His peers perceived Marius Khiznekov
to be nothing more than an ignorant backwoods fisher-
man who had just gotten incredibly lucky with his new
assignment. To the other captains, Khiznekov symbolized

the direness of the Tsar's plight — if the navy had to scrape
the bottom of the peasant barrel to find a captain, what
hope did this operation have?

As a result, Khiznekoy and his crew were continually
treated with scorn and derision by the other vessels; his
opinions in the fleet's war councils were ignored and
abused, his crew given the least favorable assignments on
the journey east, and his boat disdainfully labeled "the
floating rat-pack" by the rest of the fleet. Furious with his
position in both the eyes of the fleet and the naval au-
thorities, Khiznekov was determined not to let such in-

sults sway him in his course of duty to his men, his fleet
and his Tsar. The Prince Alexsei sailed at the rear of the
battleship line, but sailed proudly so. Even at the Battle of
Tsushima Strait, at which her reckoning would take place,
Khiznekov's cool head under the intense fire of the Japa-
nese fleet prevailed. When the Russian line finally broke,
it was Khiznekov who would be remembered for his brav-
ery ina fleet that demonstrated mainly cowardice and self-
ishness. His main guns gone, engine barely giving half speed
and fires breaking out all over the ship, Khiznekov was
not about to go down without a fight. Rounding on the
main body of the Japanese fleet, he set the Prince Alexsei
to bear down full throttle on the enemy ships, firing every

single piece of ammunition available, even to the point of
launching sheared chains and shrapnel at the decks of the
Japanese ships when his ammunition was finally exhausted.
Khiznekov managed to sink the cruiser Nightingale and
cause serious damage to the battleship Ijichi before a double
blast of torpedoes from the flagship Mikasa struck the
Alexsei's hull and sent her and her captain to the bottom.

Harboring a deep anger toward the Russian military ma-
chine and the rest of the fleet, and feeling partially respon-
sible for the death of his crew, Khiznekov was too much of a
mule to accept mindlessly the world of death. Determined
to bring glory to the Prince Alexsei in the Shadowlands that
he could not achieve in life, Khiznekoy now captains her
through the Tempest, leading a mishmash crew of rebellious
wraiths, refusing to follow the same path twice. Although
the itinerary of the Prince Alexsei seems rudderless to most,
to Khiznekov it is the perfect plan — never letting the en-
emy know when or where he will strike next.


Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Director

Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, In-
timidation 4

Skills: Boating 6, Fir

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Melee 2, Military Science 3

earms 3, Leadership 3

Backgrounds: Artifact 4 (working sidearm), Eidolon 2, Haunt 3,
Memoriam 3, Status 4

Passions: Protect his crew (Duty) 5, Protect wraiths from the
Jade Emperor (Hope) 3, Thwart the Imperial Reapers (Anger) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Castigate 5, Fatalism 2, Keening 2, Outrage 1

Fetters: The ship 5; Captain's bars 2

Permanent Corpus: 9

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Dark Allies 2, Tainted Relic (a life ring from the
Crane, the sunken trawler off the Dogger Bank) 1

co)
Pana

aN
&

(

a Captain Marius Rhiznekov

Weer

VN

Shadow Passions: Run the ship with a savagery Captain Bligh
would be proud of (Megalomania) 3, Abandon all non-Rus-
sian wraiths to the Tempest (Hate) 4, Betray Togo and de-
liver him to the Reapers (Vengeance) 3

Image: Khiznekov is six feet tall, with close-cropped hair and
a clean shaven face, in stark contrast to his handlebar-
mustachioed counterparts on the other vessels of the Second
Baltic Fleet. He wears normal, workaday captain's blues under-
neath a billowing greatcoat with the traditional quartet of bright
gold stripes on his shoulder boards. He carries a sidearm on his

hip, and his sharp, angular face is most often set in a look of
intense concentration. His eyes, a light hazel color, can at times
seem almost iridescent with determination of purpose.
Roleplaying Hints: Your experiences in life with the corrup-
tion and ineptitude of the Russian General Staff and the rest
of the Second Baltic Fleet have sided you against any type of
stifling order. Consequently, you run the Alexsei with a loose,
almost cavalier hand: no chain of command in the strict mili-
tary sense of the word, but everyone on board knows exactly
who's in charge. Despite the sense of freedom, you are very
careful about not letting it degenerate into chaos, and a well-
timed flight off the proverbial handle is always helpful to en-
courage the others.

You never venture far without the company of your clos-
est officers, particularly your chief engineer and de facto first
mate Grigory Radenska. Of late, however, you have become
aware of the growing tension on board ship between your men
and the Japanese you have taken aboard, and are concerned
that this tension may explode. Make no mistake; this i
walk in the park. Your innate drive has carried you this far and
will carry you even farther, but you have to be able to step back
and look at the big picture, and keep the fight against the Jade
Emperor as the foundation of everything the Renegades do.
The lack of a guiding force, you know, will foment despair and
thoughts of internecine fighting in the minds of your crew,
making you all an easy catch for the Reapers. Keep your crew
focused on the fact that the Jade Emperor is the one trying to
destroy you, and not your fellow Japanese travelers.

Admiral Heihachiro Togo

Togo, the head of the Imperial Japanese Fleet that proved
victorious at the Battle of Tsushima Strait, was so far removed
from someone like Marius Khiznekov in life that it seems in-
credible that the two should be paired in death. The
wunderkind of the Imperial Navy, Togo was brought up in the
ancient tenets of bushido, the code of the samurai warrior that
demands courage, endurance and undying fealty to family,
prince and emperor. Already in service in the Imperial Navy
for over 30 years by the time of the Tsushima campaign, Togo
cut such a commanding figure with his crew that his mere
presence was enough to tap their innermost strengths in battle.

nota


Paes 20 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Ab: ral Geifiach

NN

to Togo

+17 %

During his service as a young officer on board the Impe-
rial yacht Jingei, Togo had the honor of a private audience
with the Mikado himself, who remarked on Togo's great in-
telligence and sense of duty to his country and proclaimed
that this young lieutenant would one day grow to command
the Emperor's entire fleet. Buoyed by the Emperor's words,
Togo would have a long and distinguished career, finally ris-
ing to Admiral of the Fleet and the leader of the Japanese
squadron at Tsushima. Here at Tsushima, Togo would have
his first encounter with Marius Khiznekov and the Prince
Alexsei. Khiznekov's act of bravado in the face of insurmount-
able odds would always leave a deep impact upon Togo, who
saw the final charge of the Alexsei in much the same way as
Khiznekov himself saw it; not as the suicidal rush of a mad-
man, but as the strong leap of a tiger.

At his death, Togo's spirit, still imbued with the fire of the
Mikado's words, led him to roundly reject the Jade Emperor's
grip over the Conquered Territories of Japan, and strike out on
his own with other like-minded wraiths in rebellion. Barely
escaping a sweep of the region by Imperial Reapers, Togo and a
small group of wraiths set out in a small Relic craft to brave the
Tempest rather than succumb to the stifling machine of the
Jade Empire. Drifting aimlessly in the Tempest, the ship's tiny
crew was picked up by the Prince Alexsei, where Togo finally
came face to face with the soul of the captain who had been as
stouthearted asa tiger so many years ago. Sensing in Khiznekov,

behind all of the anger and resentment, a man who could be

great help to his oppressed Japanese brethren, Togo persuaded
Khiznekov to use the Prince Alexsei as a base of operations
against the Jade Empire. Together the two men formed and
have since led the Tsushima Floating Renegades. It has been a
mutually acceptable partnership so far, but no one can serve
two masters, and the arrangement between the two men has
started to show signs of fraying at the edges as regards the Ren-
egades' true purpose.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Architect

Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Dodge 3, Expression 3,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 4, Meditation 5, Melee 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Bureaucracy 5, Enigmas 3,
Linguistics 2, Military Science 4, Philosophy 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Artifact 5 (the ceremonial sword pre-
sented Togo by the Mikado, a weapon of True Jade), Haunt 4,
Memoriam 4, Notoriety 4, Status 5

Passions: Free the Conquered Territories from the Dark King-
dom (Anger) 5, Gain the trust (and consequently help) of
Khiznekov (Desire for Respect) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Keening 3, Lifeweb 2, Puppetry 1, Way of
the Artisan 1, Way of the Soul 4

Fetters: Tsushima Strait 5; Surviving family in Japan 3
Permanent Corpus: 9

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

P'o: The Martyr

Angst: 7

Thorns: Death's Sigil 2, Infamy 1

Shadow Passions: Foment dissension amongst the Japanese
wraiths against the Russians (Confusion) 3, Take over the
Alexsei and show everyone exactly how a real captain oper-
ates (Lust for Power) 2, Send the Renegades on a completely
suicidal mission to glorify their cause, regardless of the cost
(Pride) 4

Image: Togo is a wizened, Napoleonic figure. Standing only
five feet three, he is in full battle dress, and has a shock of
white hair and a closely trimmed beard. He wears a pair of
powerful Zeiss binoculars around his neck, and more impor-
tantly, carries in Artifact form a ceremonial sword presented
to him by the Mikado himself. In life, Togo believed that the
spirit of the Mikado was always with him, watching over him
as a guardian angel whenever he wore the sword on deck, and
his spirit still believes that. The sword has been transformed


in the Shadowlands into an Artifact weapon of pure True
Jade, immutable to any and all attempts to shape or destroy
it. Togo is a calm, serene man, but he has vast reserves of
courage, and is definitely not one to be underestimated.

Roleplaying Hints: You respect Khiznekov and his
crew; their might, raw stubbornness and natural symbiosis
with one another are the reason the Jade Empire has not
been able to destroy them. You are aware of the awkward
nature that exists on board the Alexsei regarding your band's
presence, and are willing to work with it. You disagree with
Khiznekov's laissez-faire helmsmanship, and know that if
you were in charge, things would be more fine-tuned and
the Tsushima Floating Renegades probably wouldn't be,
well, so damned renegade. Despite your misgivings, defer
to Khiznekov in matters on deck; after all, it is his ship,
even though he does consider you an equal. Take every
opportunity to assuage the fears of Khiznekov's crew that
you and your crew are a threat — the Alexsei is not about
to be your prize in death as it was in life.

Nevertheless, you and the rest of the refugees from the
Conquered Territories have put yourselves into the hands of
the unknown and have taken your chances on the Tempest
because you know the same thing the Russians do — that it is
better to sail as free men than to end up as slaves, or worse.
Do not let your willingness to preserve shipboard harmony
obscure your sworn mission. You believe that the divine emi-
nence of the Mikado himself is with you, guiding you and
your men, and you believe that the Mikado's benevolent hand
has led you to the Prince Alexsei. Through the workings of
the Renegades you will defeat the Jade Emperor and liberate
the imprisoned souls of your homeland.

Grigory Radenska

Grigory Radenska wanted to be an outlaw, not a sailor,
or so he thought. Tragically, when a man makes a wish like
that, it is usually granted. A member of several socialist and
anarchist societies in his days as a student in Paris, Grigory
found himself taking flight after being implicated in a botched
bombing attempt on a local government office. Penniless,
leaving a young wife behind, and unable to stay in France,
Radenska fled back into the impenetrable arms of Mother
Russia. The farther and farther into the motherland he bur-
rowed, the more and more ashamed Grigory Radenska be-
came of himself. His fervor and confidence in the cause, which
he had so vociferously articulated on countless streetcorners,
had blown away like a dandelion clock when the time came
to put deed to word. He had deserted his comrades, his young
wife and his principles; a feeling of self-loathing swept over
him that was sharper and more bitter than the coldest steppe
winters. Perversely, he joined the navy, mainly because it was
something to do, but more importantly, because it was some-
where to hide.

4 Grigory Radenska

seZ we"

Beem

A brilliant mechanic, Radenska became the chief en-
gineer on board the Prince Alexsei and the sole reason the
Second Baltic Fleet was kept floating long enough to actu-
ally make the journey across the several seas. In Marius
Khiznekoy, Radenska found a soulmate; the captain's un-
conventional methods of command showed Radenska an
alternative to the stifling structures he used to oppose in
fin-de-siecle Europe, and Radenska saw in Khiznekov the sort
of leader that he could follow, the sort of leader under whom.
he could redeem himself.

However, his sense of duty was put under the stron-
gest tests by the attitude of the rest of the fleet, whose
sense of desperation and hopelessness Radenska felt every
day in his job of making constant repairs to the other ships
of the fleet. His skill and improvisational mechanical ge-
nius was nothing short of inspired, and his dedication to
his work and to his captain put Grigory Radenska above
the other crews and most of the fleet's officers. Always
dreaming of the day when the fleet would reach the Rus-
sian port outpost of Vladivostok and he could return home
to Anya, his wife, Radenska's singular dedication to keep-
ing the fleet running was an outgrowth of this yearning.
When the Alexsei was struck by the fatal torpedo blasts,
Radenska was in the engine room, working feverishly to
repair the damaged turbines, and perished instantly.

Aware of his engineer's loyalty, Khiznekov sought out
Radenska in the Shadowlands, and the two men have become
as close as brothers, Khiznekov able to confide in Radenska in
a way that he can to no one else, not even to Admiral Togo.
Radenska is the captain's undisputed right-hand man, and he
covets this position in the Renegades' Circle. Radenska has
ice of Togo and the Japa-
and has been known to

never quite fully accepted the prese:

nese contingent on board the Ale
voice his distrust of Togo's motives to Khiznekov on more than
one occasion. Grigory is openly wary of Sati, Togo's calm and
unreadable executive officer, and is always looking over his
shoulder for the time that the Japanese will make his move to
oust him from the Renegades' inner sanctum.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Fanatic

Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades

Physi
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

I: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Street 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 7, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Repair 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 1, Politics (a hold-
over from his anarchist days) 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Haunt 2, Mentor 3 (Khiznekov),
Status 3

Passions: Serve his Captain (Loyalty) 5, Win the love of
Katarina Nevchenko, a wraith whom he rescued (Love) 3
Arcanoi: Inhabit 5, Moliate 3, Outrage 3, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: The ship, 5; Radenska's letters home to his wife, 3;
the Parisian government office where the bombing attack
backfired, 2

Permanent Corpus: 8

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Freak

Angst: 7

Thorns: Tainted Relic (the bomb he made for the Paris at-
tack) 3, Death's Sigil 2, Aura of Corruption 2

Shadow Passions: Annihilate Sati (Envy) 4, Violate
Sadism) 2, Remind Radenska of what a
coward he was in life and depress him enough to embrace
Oblivion (Fear) 3

Image: Radenska looks like what he is, a man who spends his
eternity tinkering with things. He wears a seaman's striped
boatshirt, dark navy overalls, and a regulation peacoat, his
wire-framed glasses perched low over the bridge of his nose,

Nevchenko sexually

his brow ever furrowed in concentration. He possesses an


immense knowledge of "machinery" in the Shadowlands, and
is constantly on the lookout for any piece of equipment he
has not yet encountered, for the sheer emotional rush of tak-
ing it apart and seeing what makes it tick. Radenska's vast
reserves of strength and patience with the technology of the
Shadowlands is second only to his possessive sense of duty to
Khiznekov and the Alexsei. The combination of all of these
factors are betrayed in Grigory's wiry, intense visage.
Roleplaying Hints: Your work is what drives you, and the
endless hours you have spent fiddling with all kinds of gadge-
try have dulled your social skills and left you in a world of
your own creation. You are fiercely protective of your cap-
tain, and occasionally have to be reined in by Khiznekov for
accusing Togo and the Japanese Renegades of forgetting their
"place" on board the Prince Alexsei. Be distrustful of Sati, who
you are sure has set his sights on your place in the chain of
command.

Despite your anarchist background, you are strangely fas-
cinated with Katarina Nevchenko, a rich Muscovite volun-
teer on board another ship lost at Tsushima Strait. You saved
her from the Imperial Reapers and brought her on board, and
are discovering an odd attraction to this woman. Protect her
good name whenever you can, even to the point of concoct-
ing complicated conspiracies to give you an excuse to insti-
gate a scuffle with anyone. Not that you want to get political
or anything...

Vice-Operations Officer Matsuhiro Sat

One of Admiral Togo's most trusted battle tacticians, Lt.
Cmdr. Sati held the dubious honor of being the highest-rank-
ing officer to fall on board the Mikasa, his head torn away by a
shell burst fired from the Prince Alexsei during her final lunge
toward the Japanese fleet. Mourning his inability to fully serve
the man for which he had held so much respect, Sati joined up
with a small band of Japanese wraiths on the run from the Dark
Kingdom, waiting until the day when Togo would arrive in the
Shadowlands and he could complete his service to the admi-
ral. No stranger to the loss of those men who had served under
him, the sight of one of his most adept strategists so gruesomely
killed right before his eyes had weighed heavily upon Togo,
and when Sati appeared before him and offered his loyalty once
more in death, Togo warmly welcomed him. It was Sati's en-
couragement that prompted Togo to launch a small craft and
ride out the Tempest in search of allies. The encounter with
the Prince Alexsei, against insurmountable odds, came at just
the correct time for Togo and his band of rebels; it almost seemed
preordained that the two sides should join forces to form the
Tsushima Floating Renegades. Destiny aside, some of the crew
of the Alexsei, Grigory Radenska in particular, wonder just ex-
actly how much luck had to do with it, and whether Sati is
hiding any other secrets.

Nature: Traditionalist

"Matsubiro Sati

NS ,e ee

Demeanor: Conformist

Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 4, Expression 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Meditation 3, Stealth 5
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2,
Military Science 2, Philosophy 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 1,
Mentor (Togo) 1, Status 3

Passions: Help/Protect Togo (Loyalty) 4, Defeat the Jade Em-
peror (Anger) 4, Win Radenska's trust (Desire for Respect) 2
Arcanoi: Argos 1, Fatalism 3, Lifeweb 3, Moliate 2, Pande-
monium 2, Puppetry 1, Way of the Soul 2

Fetters: Tsushima Strait, 5; personal copy of Sun Tzu's The
Art of War, 3; the decommissioned Mikasa, 3

Permanent Corpus: 9

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

P'o: The Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Trick of the Light 2, Freudian Slip 3, Shadow Life 3

The Odyssey gis the Prince Alexsei 23


Shadow Passions: Attack and kill Radenska (Rage) 2, Send
as many Renegades as possible on a mission that is sure to
end in their failure and capture (Hate) 2, Convince Sati that
Togo privately thinks him a failure (Envy) 4

Image: Sati is remarkably tall, close to six feet three. His grey
eyes, smooth face and blank expression liken him to one of
the statued rank and file of the Jade Emperor's Immortal
Guard. He speaks fluidly and carefully, detailing plans and
objectives fully and cautiously. Sati believes in the ultimate
success of the Renegades' mission, and the attainment of that
success is what burns like a white-hot star underneath his
stoic countenance. With not a crease on his battle uniform,
Sati's methodic and orderly manner has demonstrated its ef-
fectiveness in several successful blows against the forces of
the Jade Emperor. However, there are more and more whis-
perings on board about just how docile and unquestioning an
officer he actually is.

Roleplaying Hints: Be as defensively enigmatic as possible.
You trust Togo as much in death as you did in life, and are the
most candid about your feelings and opinions on the situa-
tion when you simply have a private audience with him. Al-
though you defer equally to both Togo and Khiznekov, you
feel wounded that your stoicism and unassuming nature are
met with such suspicion by some of the Russians, especially
Radenska. Although you are quiet by nature, do not hesitate
to defend yourself if you feel like you are being treated un-
justly, which very often you may be.

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Born to a patrician Muscovite family, Katarina
Nevchenko was one of the many well-to-do at the Romanov
court who drank, danced, gossiped and generally thought that
war was just something that happened to other, preferably
poorer, people. Her fiancé, a handsome man from a respect-
able noble house whose navy commission was simply one of
the traditional ways the younger son of a nobleman had of
keeping up appearances, suddenly found himself and his here-
tofore sinecure officer rank pressed into active service at the
onset of the war. He was shipped out to Port Arthur, where
he arrived just in time for the Pacific Squadron to be devas-
tated, and he to go missing in action. Unable to determine
whether her betrothed was alive, dead, taken prisoner or
making his way back home, and receiving no help from the
military, Katarina took it upon herself to find out the truth.
She and several of the other women from the court volun-
teered to go to the Pacific Rim with the Second Baltic Fleet,
and were stationed on board the Orel, a hospital ship, as a
floating Red Cross unit.

The stinging reality of life on board a wartime ship was a
smiting contrast to court life for Katarina, who had to teach
herself to minister to the wounded, steel her constitution
against the bloodiness of battle and endure the debauched
leerings of drunk, vulgar, pawing seamen at the best of times.
During one particularly frightening episode, while tending to
a sailor who had been injured in a routine equipment test,
she suddenly found herself at knifepoint as the man's pruri-
ent interests took over and he attempted to rape her. Fortu-
nately, her screams alerted Grigory Radenska, who had been
on board the Orel to make some repairs; he broke in and beat
the thug within an inch of his life with the navy-regulation
pipe wrench he was carrying at the time. Katarina was spared
the ultimate personal violation, but she knew then more than
ever that if she was to find her fiancé, she would have to play
by the rules of war.

The first rule of war, however, is that there are no rules;
Katarina Nevchenko perished on board the Orel when it was
sunk at Tsushima Strait, never having learned the whereabouts
of her fiancé. In the Shadowlands, it was Grigory Radenska
who took her Caul from her and led her to the Prince Alexsei,
sparing her a second violation at the hands of the Imperial
Reapers. Katarina's sojourn with the Renegades and her con-
tact with Radenska has made the two an effective team, but
her activity with the Renegades is always secondary to her
ongoing search for the man she loved so much in life.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Caregiver
Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

I = Zz
woes SOS


Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Awareness 3, Empathy 5, Instruction 3

Skills: Etiquette 5, Meditation 3

Knowledges: Medicine 4, Psychology 3, Science 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Eidolon 2, Haunt 3, Memoriam 3,
Status 3

Passions: Prove to the male dominated Renegades that she,
a woman, is just as capable of partaking in the fight (Pride) 2,
Show gratitude — platonically — to Radenska for his self-
sacrifice (Love) 1, Seek out and save the souls of those who
perished on board the Orel with her (Sororal Devotion) 3,
Continue to seek out information on the fate of her missing
fiancé (Love) 4

Arcanoi: Castigate 1, Embody 2, Keening 3, Lifeweb 2, Out-
rage 2, Phantasm 1

Fetters: The hospital ship Orel, sunk at Tsushima Strait 5;
The Winter Palace in Moscow, where Nevchenko was a popu-
lar member of court 3

Permanent Corpus: 7

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Parent

Angst: 6

Thorns: Tainted Relic (the knife brandished by the seaman
in the attempted rape) 2, Freudian Slip 3

Shadow Passions: Convince Nevchenko that she is nothing
but a weak, spineless little girl (Envy) 4, Force Nevchenko to
seduce and then humiliatingly dump Radenska (Sadism) 3,
Make Nevchenko suicidal enough over the loss of her fiancé
to succumb to Oblivion (Loneliness) 3

Image: Katarina is about five feet ten, with raven-black hair,
deep green eyes and the sort of figure that Dostoyevski would
have bitten his own right leg off at the kneecap to write about.
She is dressed in hospital whites, bloodstained from the end-
less lines of dead and dying men who have been cut by the
teeth of war. Rather than be ashamed or revolted, Katarina
wears her crimson-stained smock like a medal of honor. She
holds her head aloft and with pride in the contribution that
she has made and continues to make with the Renegades.
Roleplaying Hints: Years of wealth and refinement have
taught you to stay in control of your feelings, but your ser-
vice on board the Orel was not one of some volunteer candy
striper: you have seen atrocity and cruelty up close, and
you sustain no illusions about the significance of the con-
tribution you will make — you must make — aboard the
Prince Alexsei. As a nurse you knew the importance of cul-
tivating a bedside manner; in death your fresh insight into
the situations faced by the Renegades have earned you the
respect of Khiznekov. On occasion he has even asked you
to sit in on the planning sessions around the wardroom
war table, for which you are grateful.

Although Khiznekov appears to value your opinions, you
are not so sure about the sincerity of the others. Togo's cul-
tural male chauvinist piggery puts you off in the extreme, Sati's
undecipherability drives you crazy, and the overeagerness of
Grigory Radenska to defend your honor is downright embar-
rassing at times. There is also the matter of his deluded as-
sumption that his past actions on your behalf therefore mean
that you are now "his woman." Speak bluntly, and do not
hold back your honest assessment of any plan or detail. The
Renegades need all the help and ingenuity they can get: You
understand this as much as any man, maybe even more so.

Andrei Brodovin

Unlike Katarina, for whom the war was an emotional
epiphany, Andrei Brodovin saw the conflict as a means to
profit. His close ties to influential personages in the Tsar's
court helped him to secure exclusive rights for the timber
contracts that would supply railroad ties for the extension of
the Trans-Siberian Railroad to the eastern outpost of
Vladivostok. His greed-swelled head led him and his com-
pany to making intrusions into northern Manchuria for tim-
ber, where Brodovin ran across his first opposition in the form
of local Chinese villagers. He had them beaten and terror-
ized by squads of leg breakers.

When Mother Russia and Japan took to disagreement
about the abusive treatment that the local Manchurian

nA Badri Brodovin

ae

25


population was suffering from Brodovin and his ilk,
Brodovin went straight to the Tsar and demanded that the
rights of his company and the expansion of Russian inter-
ests be given paramount importance. Such demands from
Brodovin and others were what came to fuel the fires of
war. Those fires reflected in Brodovin's eyes as the glint of
uncountable wealth, and he and his supporters did their
utmost to stir up those of the more hawkish persuasions in
the Winter Palace. Yet Brodovin's efforts would all be for
naught. Sailing on board the battleship Kasparov in an
"unofficial capacity," Brodovin died when she ventured into
a newly-mined stretch of ocean during the attack on Port
Arthur and was blown to bits.

Immediately, Brodovin's Caul was taken by the Impe-
rial Reapers, who secretly kept him on ice rather than hand
him over to Stygian authorities. With the arrival of the
Tsushima Floating Renegades and the havoc they have
caused the Emperor, Brodovin has been co-opted as a spy
in the service of the Jade Emperor. Being a Westerner of a
non-military persuasion, he has been accepted on board
the Alexsei by the Renegades. His mission is to track the
Renegades' movements and send word back to the Jade
Palace so that the Emperor's forces can be marshalled to
crush the upstart vessel. It has been nearly impossible for
Brodovin, however, to communicate any significant infor-

mation; the Alexsei's path is by nature purposely
directionless, and both Khiznekov and Togo are somewhat
wary of the profiteer. Still, Brodovin diligently monitors
the progress of the Renegades, waiting for them to make
the proverbial one fatal mistake...

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Circle: Co-opted by the Protectors of the Prosperous Realm
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, In-
timidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 5, Investigation 4,
Law 3, Politics 4, Psychology 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Haunt 1, Status 2,
Wealth 5

Passions: Deliver the Prince Alexsei and the Renegades in
anice little package to the Jade Emperor (Hatred) 3, Par-
lay the completion of this assignment into a nice cushy
job within the bureaucracy of the Dark Kingdom (Ambi-
tion) 2, Get as rich as possible while doing the first two
(Greed) 4

ao

g 26 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures
8 Cee


Arcanoi: Argos 1, Castigate 1, Keening 2, Moliate 2, Usury 5
Fetters: The dock at Port Arthur 5; The Trans-Siberian
Railroad 2

Permanent Corpus: 6

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Leech

Angst: 6

Thorns: Dark Allies 3, Infamy 2, Pact of Doom 2

Shadow Passions: Bring Spectres on board and let them
run free (Rage) 3, Tell the Jade Emperor to go screw him-
self, and become a bona fide Renegade (Envy) 3

Image: Brodovin dresses conservatively and speaks little. He
tries to stay out of the way of the other Renegades as much as
possible, but his presence on board has nevertheless managed
to rub a few people the wrong way, especially Radenska, who
by nature hates opportunists like Brodovin. Despite this,
Brodovin has started to be able to blend into the background
better as time goes on, and many a time a couple of Renegades
engaged in conversation will not notice that he is there, lurk-
ing, listening and taking in every scrap.

Roleplaying Hints: You find the randomness of the Prince
Alexsei's course infuriating, but your vast reserves of pa-

tience keep you from showing your irritation. A calculator
by nature, you are acutely aware of the mandate not to

draw attention to yourself. Volunteer for assignments
within your range of skills, always keeping an eye and ear
open for any solid pieces of information about the Ren-
egades' motives that you may come across. Do not attempt
to internally sabotage the Renegades' plans; you will most
assuredly be discovered. Instead, do your assignments com-
petently and well, even doing more than asked. The more
trust Khiznekov and Togo place in you, the closer you can
get to the Renegades' nerve center.

Leiko

Leiko never had any family but her older brother, Gedde.
Orphaned at a young age, the two were inseparable in the
cramped life of street people in present-day Tokyo. Gedde
was the leader of a small gang of toughs, kids like him and
Leiko who were simply eking out a one-day-at-a-time life —
not core-rotten, but not afraid to push people around if it
meant another morsel of food or an temporary roof over their
heads. Leiko and Gedde always knew they could count on
each other and would always be there for each other. It was
an involuntary action, like breathing. Even after that fateful
night when Gedde's skull was stove in by the crack of an over-
zealous policeman's riot stick, Leiko refused to believe that
she and Gedde were forever separated. When she climbed to
the roof of an abandoned electronics warehouse and stepped


aa
SWZ

off into the neon void of the Tokyo skyline, Leiko knew deep
down that she would be reunited with her brother one day.
In the Shadowlands, Gedde took Leiko's Caul, and the
two picked up where they left off, only this time their gang
was one of rebels, and the stakes were the dearest imaginable,
the freedom of the souls in the Conquered Territories from
the fist of the Jade Emperor. Together, the two siblings cleared
out souls from the rural areas of Japan, always just a step or
two ahead of the Imperial Reapers, until that time when the
Reapers finally caught up with them. Taking Gedde immedi-
ately as the ringleader of the outlaw band, the Reapers hauled

Tempest and swam for her very soul.

Adrift in the hellish turbulence, Leiko was about to sur-
render herself to the whirlpools of Oblivion when she was
spotted by the Prince Alexsei and immediately hauled on board.
Leiko's rage against the Reapers is palpable, as is her obses-
sion with vengeance on them. These passions are coupled
with a determination to get her brother back and maybe, just
maybe, discover some way to return him to his former self.
Her cold-blooded singlemindedness has made Leiko some-
what of a loose cannon on board; Togo can sometimes per-
suade her to take part in the Renegades' raids, but both he
and Khiznekov consider her far too unstable to be entrusted
with any of the ship's plans or secrets.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Loner

Circle: Tsushima Floating Renegades (but only up to a point)
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Search 3,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 2, Computer 2, Investigation 2,
Law 1, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Eidolon 1, Mentor 1, Status 1
Passions: Find the Reapers responsible for taking Gedde and
kill them (Revenge) 4, Find Gedde and take him away from the
Jade Empire (Love) 5, Get back to the Conquered Territories
and recruit more wraiths to strike out on her own (Ambition) 1
Arcanoi: Embody 1, Fatalism 2, Outrage 4, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: The roof of the Oshima Electronics building in To-
kyo, where she jumped 4; The gang's old hideout in the slums
of Tokyo 1

Permanent Corpus: 8

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

P'o: The Leech

Angst: 6

Shadow Passions: Incense Khiznekov enough to have him
throw you off the ship (Rage) 3, Find the nearest Dark King-
dom outpost and give away the Renegades' position (Hate) 2,
Ensure that she will meet the same fate as Gedde by surrender-
ing to the Jade Empire and becoming a Eunuch herself (Fear) 2
Image: Leiko is a street tough in a black biker jacket, jeans
and motorcycle boots. Her eyes burn with the heat of revenge,
so much so that they appear to actually glow at times. She is
an accomplished street fighter, possessing a physical strength
belying her small frame. Normally withdrawn and brooding,
Leiko can sometimes — very rarely — display moments of
joy in the Renegades' successes, for even though she could
care less about their overall mission, she knows that every
day with them brings her closer to finding her brother again.
Roleplaying Hints: As far as you are concerned, death has
turned out to be the same-shit-different-plane-of-existence
that life was. Radiate bitterness — foul language, laughing at
other people's misfortunes, and God help anyone who actu-
ally physically touches you, unless they feel like crawling away.
However, you have to be careful not to go too far afield with
this; Khiznekov may feel for you, but he's probably seen far
worse sights. Considering the captain's inherent wariness of
his Japanese passengers, he might not be above heaving you
over the side if you push him too far, and you know (as does
he, probably) that you need the Renegades and their power if
you are to stand any chance of ever finding Gedde again.

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures
~

y

a 5 ~ oak
es SS ess


Story ideas

¢ Things come to blows on board the Alexsei, where
Sati's Shadow and Radenska's paranoia have sparked a
full-fledged mutiny. To make matters worse, a squad of
Imperial ships are steaming towards the Alexsei's position

even as combat surges across her decks. Can the madness

be stopped, and if not, whom do the players join?

¢ Radenska approaches the characters and asks them
to accompany him ina skiff to Tsushima Strait, where he is

planning to collect Artifacts from the sunken Orel that are

connected to Nevchenko, in order to further guarantee her
. Whether
yet a mystery,
and to make matters worse, Borodvin has gotten wind of

safety by cementing her hold on the Ale
Nevchenko knows of or agrees to this i

the plan. There just might be a warm reception waiting...

Jotes

1996

¢ A body is found drifting in the Tempest. The
players haul it on board and discover it to be a Eunuch
of a powerful magistrate that had inadvertently fallen
overboard from a Jade Empire ship. Deciphering it, they
discover that it contains evidence of Borodvin's trea-
son. Both captains must be convinced of the danger,
and the war profiteer will do anything to protect his
position.

¢ Khiznekov has learned that Leiko is attempting
to manifest herself in the Skinlands to wreak revenge
on the policeman who killed her brother, and has de-
cided that he can no longer afford to keep her on
board. The players, sent by Togo, must try to stop her,
and then try to convince Khiznekov to allow her to
continue as a Renegade. Then again, they may want
to help her...



Banekok-The House 0
e Fallen Sun

by Timm Akers

haunt Level: 2

Memoriam Level: 2

Bangkok, Oriental city

<a) angkok is a jewel in the mud, a gloriously

modern town in a pitifully poor country.
It is a center of commerce and capital-
ism, where every desire can be fulfilled
and every dream realized. You have but
| to imagine it, and it can be purchased.
A wondrous town, a dreamland made
manifest; that is the myth of Bangkok.

As with every such town, the money and show are all a
facade to hide the city's true face. To feed the rich, the poor
must be sacrificed. Truthfully, Bangkok's greatest industry is
not a factory product, but rather a sinister form of tourism.

But the city don't know what the city is getting...
— Murray Head, "One Night in Bangkok"

Bangkok's brothels have been the destination of many com-
pany trips, conferences and soldiers on leave. Today, Japa-
businesses organize "sex tours" to Bangkok for their
faithful employees. The prostitution business is very profit-
able, bringing in more and more girls from outlying villages
to satiate the ever-growing demand for such innocents.

One such institution is the House of the Fallen Sun.
A magnet for bad karma, the Fallen Sun has survived
riches and poverty, and has weathered disasters from fires
to riots. Heedless of the cruel years, it continues to churn
on, an aged survivor in the ever-popular industry of vic-
timization for profit.

Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun

+ | al
Wee

31Y

a

\

iia

4

SE


The Fallen Sun is a brothel that fronts as a nightclub.
True to its name, the bar doesn't open until the last ray of
sun is gone from the sky, and it closes as soon as first light
starts to creep over the horizon. The enormous double doors
are painted bright red, and open onto a raised platform set
about three feet above the floor below. A broad stairway
leads down to the main floor, which contains the dance floor
and is lined on three sides by booths and tables. On the
fourth side is the bar, which is also on a raised platform and
sits about eight feet off the main floor. Two stairways lead
up to the bar, one near the front door and the other facing
the opposite wall. The platform that contains the bar is sur-
rounded by a railing to prevent the more inebriated patrons
from pitching themselves off headlong. There is a row of
small tables lining the railing, and set behind them is the
bar itself. The counter is said to be an antique from Victo-
rian England, though how it found its way to the Fallen Sun
isn't entirely clear. Regardless, it is a beautiful piece of work,
with ornate carvings along the base and stained glass hang-
ing down over the countertop. The surface of the bar is
scarred and pitted, and several of the glass fixtures have been
shattered and replaced.

In the far right corner of the bar is a spiral staircase that
leads up about 10 feet off the floor, where it terminates in an
iron door set in the wall. This door leads into the manager's
office. The office is plush and comfortable, with a two-way
mirror that looks out over the dance floor. Long couches line
the walls, and a small bar provides the manager and his guests
with libations when needed. One other door leads out of the
office, a simple wooden one that opens onto a staircase lead-
ing down. This staircase takes you to the owner's private room,
a vast space filled with various knick knacks purchased at
Bangkok's many bazaars as well as several bed-like couches,
an enormous entertainment system and a private shower and
wash room. The walls are adorned with artwork gathered from
around the world, and the various shelves are littered with
expensive baubles. Those few who have seen this room specu-
late amongst themselves in whispers as to how such a dingy
little whorehouse could possibly be profitable enough to af-
ford its owner such extravagance.

Back out on the main floor, there are two other doors.
The first leads to the restrooms and the fire exit. The second
door leads to a hallway with four wooden doors on either side
down its length, with a final locked door at the end of the
hallway. Behind each of the wooden doors is a small room
containing a bed and a tiny light. This is where the ladies of
the house bring their customers after coming to an agreement
in the bar or on the dance floor.

The metal door at the end of the hallway leads to the sec-
ond floor of the establishment, where the girls live. The rooms

themselves are bare and unimaginative, designed more for utility
than ambience. There is a small attic above these rooms, but it
is rarely visited and contains mostly old receipts and the pos-
sessions of employees who have moved — or passed — on.

The exterior of the building is grey stone, and is fairly
unimpressive. Over the door hangs a sign that reads "The
House of the Fallen Sun" with the profile of a woman silhou-
etted against a setting sun. There are no windows on the first
floor, and the second story windows are barred, as the brothel
is not set in a particularly pleasant part of town.

in the Shadowlands

In the Shadowlands, the big red doors look cracked and
deformed, and the inside of the doors is charred from the fire
that almost destroyed the House near the end of the Vietnam
War. Inside, the lights from the dance floor are muted, and
the floor is littered with trash. Close inspection of the floor
will reveal the images of those who have died here, victims of
bar brawls or murder. Also, the faces of the girls who have
been dragged from their homes and forced to work at the
House can also be seen, warped into the well-worn grain of
the wood. A few Drones shuffle across the dance floor to-
gether, or sit quietly at the bar and drink from empty glasses.
The bar itself virtually crawls with afterlife. The tiny engrav-
ings crawl around and howl mindlessly in shrill little voices
as the scratches on the counter can be seen to writhe about.
A portion of the bar is charred from the aforementioned fire,
while another spot is still bloodstained from where a customer
was killed in a particularly gruesome fashion.

The restrooms crawl with decay, and all of the mirrors
are shattered. Occasionally blood rises from the cracks in the
floor and flows about like crimson mercury, eventually re-
treating back between the tiles.

The manager's office is largely unremarkable, except for
the fact that a quiet voice is constantly reading off all of the
names of every prostitute that ever worked at the House of
the Fallen Sun. Muted howls of pleasure and pain are always
coming from behind the wooden door that leads to the owner's
private room below.

In the owner's room, all the lights are muted and every-
thing is covered with dust. The scent is stagnant, the baubles
are cheap and tawdry, and the air never moves. Everything
feels like a mausoleum, only somehow cheapened and com-
mercialized.

The tiny rooms in which the prostitutes ply their trade
are nightmarish. The darkness each room contains shifts
about, and something is always lurking in the corners. De-
cades of fear, hate, anger, disgust, pain, frustration and bore-
dom have built up in these rooms, and everything shows it.
The bedclothes writhe, the lights blaze painfully bright, and
the floors creak with screams of innocence lost.


The living quarters are even more sparse in the
Shadowlands than in their Skinland counterparts. For the
most part, they are empty, save the occasional Drone lying in
bed, mindlessly seeking the rest that death did not deliver.
The attic is left completely alone, for reasons not mentioned
among the occupants of the House of the Fallen Sun.

here is a pleasant little story about
Bangkok. The tale goes that Bangkok is a
loyal client state of the Jade Kingdom, its
citizens are some of the most law abiding
members of the Empire, and that Yu
Huang has entrusted this most loyal of
Necropoli with the governing of the
neighboring territories. The Lord of Bangkok is a faithful ser-
vant, and rules over his subjects with the benevolent blessing
of the Emperor. In exchange for his incorruptible efforts on
behalf of Yu Huang, the Lord of Bangkok only pays a small
tribute to the Jade Kingdom.

Yea verily, this isn't the case. Yu Huang seems to believe
the story, and the Lord of Bangkok pretends to believe it, at
least in the Emperor's presence. The fact of the matter is that,
while Bangkok does pay a considerably smaller tribute than
do its lesser neighbors, it does little for the Emperor other
than ignore him. The Necropolis of Bangkok is a thriving
center of commerce, handling trade between the Jade King-
dom, the Kingdom of Ivory, the Indian City of Delights and
Stygia. Anything and everything can be bought in Bangkok,
from Stygian metal to Soma from India. Of course, the prices
are high, and the currency can be anything from oboli to fa-
vors and obligations that will someday come back to haunt
the consumer. Huge bazaars clog the city streets, and wander-
ing merchants hawk their wares to innocent passersby. This
scene holds true in both the Skinlands and the Shadowlands,
though in the Skinlands the bazaars have largely been sup-
planted by shopping malls and gallerias.

The most profitable business in Bangkok is that of pros-
titution. Wraiths feel a peculiar attraction to the brothels and
whorehouses where this oldest of all professions is practiced,
probably because prostitution resonates with the Restless' own
practice of forging souls into tools and currency. Of all the
brothels in Bangkok, and there are thousands, one holds a
special place in the society of the Dead. Mainly due to its
unusual birth, violent life, and sheer intensity of the emo-
tions that it has engendered over the years, the Fallen Sun
has become something of a magnet for wraiths of all political
affiliations and loyalties. If your money is spendable some-

WY } where, then you are welcome in the House of the Fallen Sun.

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

The House of the Fallen Sun was built in 1967 by a western
businessman by the name of Victor Hoertz. Hoertz was an enig-
matic young man, apparently independently wealthy, and he kept
largely to himself. The only person he spent much time with was
a man named Gregory Feld, who was apparently his business
partner in various ventures. Gregory would hang around the Sun
for a few weeks, and then disappear for months at a time. When
he returned he would bring with him various books, old arti-
facts, or sometimes large chests full of dirt. He never spoke to
the employees of the House, but could be heard in whispered
conversation with Hoertz in the wee hours of the night.

Disdaining the day to day operations of the House, Hoertz
hired a man named Chi Xiang to run the establishment as its
manager. Hoertz always stayed in the private room below the
manager's office during the day, and rarely ventured out even dur-
ing the brothel's business hours. Occasionally he would make an
appearance at the bar, or sit in one of the booths and discuss busi-
ness. He was always receiving visitors from various parts of the
world, entertaining them in his room or giving them a tour of the
brothel. He never let anyone else except Feld enter his private
sanctum, save his foreign guests, and the various employees and
clientele all found him to be a rather foreboding presence.

Then a strange thing happened. One night in the middle
of the summer of 1967, Feld returned from one of his nebu-
lous journeys abroad. He carried with him a large book bound
in yellowish leather and had a look of wild perturbation on
his face. He met Hoertz in the bar and demanded to speak to
him upstairs. Shortly after the two retired to the office, a good
deal of yelling ensued. Some of the staff could hear Feld's
shrill voice screaming something about "eternal damnation
and powers beyond our control or imagining," to which Hoertz
only chuckled. Quickly the confrontation escalated, and Feld
soon stormed out of the building.

Most of the prostitutes, employees and clients managed to
make it out of the House that evening before a mysterious fire

grew out of control, and some even managed to salvage their
personal possessions. Neither Hoertz nor Feld were ever seen
again. The local fire brigade surmised that the fire had started in
the attic, and that it was intentional. Though no bodies were

A Note on Names

It is common practice for girls sent to
the brothels in Southeast Asia to be giv

an names, as a way of appealing

foreign customers. A large pe

these unfortunate

>entage
irls are given western
names at birth; others are given their new

names later and told to forget their old ones.

& © cS ROO KK

TI

ff
he ae


ever found, everyone assumed that both Hoertz and Feld had
perished in the blaze. Hoertz had made arrangements declaring
that Chi Xiang would assume ownership of the brothel in the
event of his death. Xiang gladly accepted, and made his way
into Hoertz's private domicile. There he found the room exactly
as it is described above. He sold off one or two of Hoertz's old
trinkets to pay for repairs to the House, but other than that has
left the room in the exact condition in which he found it.

In the years that followed, especially during the Vietnam
War, the brothel was a refuge to many a weary soldier on leave.
Most would hang around for a few days and then disappear
back into the hellhole that was Southeast Asia. Such was the
case for Private Robert Williams of the United States Army.
Pvt. Williams showed up at the Fallen Sun and became peculiarly
attached to a particular prostitute by the name of Annie. He
would write her every week while he was on tour, and during
his leaves he would always visit her. Soon, despite dire threats
and warnings from Chi Xiang, Williams declared his undying
love for Annie, who was naive enough to reciprocate.

When his tour ended, Pvt. Williams decided that he
wanted to take Annie away from the brothel and return to
the States with her. She gladly agreed to this, and Williams
went to Xiang and begged him to release Annie into his cus-
tody. Xiang of course refused, and Williams was furious. He
returned to Annie, promising to free her no matter what the

cost. He decided that he would try to buy Annie from Xiang
and if that didn't work, he would kill Xiang and abscond with
the girl. On the night that he planned to do this, Private
Williams arrived at the Fallen Sun a little drunk. He had been
reinforcing his resolve with bourbon, and stepped up to the
bar to shore it up a little more before he settled up with Xiang.
The pimp was no fool, and knew of the young man's plans, at
least in part. He knew that Williams was carrying his gun,
and that he was willing to use it. Xiang was not aware of his
intention to offer money for the girl first, and would have
probably accepted that offer. Instead, as Williams was sitting
at the bar, Xiang walked up behind him, placed a .38 to the
back of his head, and pulled the trigger.

The bullet did more than end Private Williams' earthly
existence. It smashed Annie's fragile psyche. Torn with guilt,
she made her way up to the attic and hung herself. Since
then, many of the girls of the house have whispered to one
another about sometimes seeing a strange stain on the bar
where Private Williams' shattered head fell. Coupled with
these tales are the occasional sightings of two ghostly figures
walking hand in hand up the stairs to the attic.

One of the people devastated by this turn of events was
Lady Sun, one of the older prostitutes in the House. Lady Sun
considered herself to be the young prostitutes' mother, and tried
to protect them from harm whenever she was able. She had seen

Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun


the trouble brewing between Williams and Xiang, but had done
nothing to prevent it. In a way, she felt responsible for the young
soldier's death. As soon as she heard about Annie's subsequent
suicide, she swore to avenge herself on Xiang, as well as do ev-
erything she could to protect the rest of the girls in the House.

The next victim to fall prey to the House's bad karma was
not one of the prostitutes or one of the clients, however. After
the Vietnam War ended, business dropped substantially, and
the clientele started to include the more seedy side of Bangkok.
One particular gang called the Shrouded Claw claimed the
House as part of its turf. Members of the Claw could always be
seen in the bar, though they tended to cost more in damage
than they paid for in drinks or solicitation. Xiang tried on sev-
eral occasions to kick the gang out of the bar, but to no avail.
Finally a rival gang did Xiang's job for him, but not without
cost. A minor turf war broke out, and the House of the Fallen
Sun quickly became the epicenter. One night, as most of the
Claw was lounging about the bar and hassling the paying cus-
tomers, several members of the rival gang rushed in and opened
fire. Their bullets came to rest in the heads and hearts of sev-
eral innocent customers, as well as the bar's bouncer, Feng Tse.
More importantly for the gangbangers, several members of the
Claw went down, including the gang's leader Jun Cheng. Af-
ter this defeat, the Claw retreated from the House of the Fallen
Sun, and the staff buried their beloved bouncer.

36

The dirt over Feng Tse's grave was still loose when the
next misfortune came along. Though the Claw was gone, the
House's clientele was still on the decidedly shady side. Some,
apparently, were a little shadier than others. One of these
clients, Norman, an American doing business in Bangkok,
went clear over the edge. He was obsessive about a prostitute
named Cynthia. He spent every penny he had on her, buying
her gifts as well as soliciting her services. Norman was con-
vinced that the only way she would love him was if he proved
his worth. While fond of the gifts, Cynthia rebuffed his every
romantic advance. More than slightly cracked, Norman de-
cided that if he couldn't have Cynthia, no one would.

This is how Cynthia ended up dead on the bathroom
floor, shards of glass in her hair from where her lover had
smashed her head about the mirror until she had died. Some-
times, you can see the reflection of her face in the mirror, as
it was the second before Norman smashed her against it.

Lady Sun was mad with grief, near suicidal. She rushed
into the bathroom just as Cynthia's broken body slumped from
Norman's embrace, and threw herself on the disheveled man.
Norman ran, left the building, and like so many Westerners,
never returned.

Many more years past before the next catastrophe, and
Lady Sun was always on the watch for potentially danger-
ous patrons, throwing out many clients before anything

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures


happened. She made an enemy of Xiang in these years,
but she had the staunch support of her girls, as well as a
certain popularity with the regulars in the bar. With the
coming of the '80s, business boomed as Japanese compa-

nies began to ship in their employees for hard earned "sex
tours." These tourists would wander the city, going from
brothel to brothel buffet style. They were big spenders, and
though most of them abused the girls, they brought in a
lot of revenue. Xiang prevented Lady Sun from removing
any of the businessmen, and the animosity between the
two grew by leaps and bounds.

Lady Sun's trepidation proved correct one painful
evening, though she was prevented from acting until it was
much too late. An anonymous businessman came into the
brothel, and Lady Sun felt uneasy about him right away. He
immediately grabbed a girl by the name of Clarissa and half
dragged her into the back. Lady Sun went to Xiang and told
him what had happened, demanding that he do something
about it. He tried to calm her down, insisting that there was
nothing to worry about, but was cut short by a scream from
the back. When Lady Sun went to investigate she found the
door to the cubicle that Clarissa was in jammed shut, and it
took a while before Lady Sun could smash it in. When she
did, she found Clarissa, her body motionless and askew on
the bed, her face turning blue, and the man getting dressed in
the corner. She immediately hurled herself onto the man,

beating and thrashing at him. The man looked at her as if she
were mad, and then slammed her head into the wall. Both
Clarissa and Lady Sun died, while the man shrugged his way
past Xiang just as he appeared in the doorway. He never re-
turned, but there was never any effort made to find him.

The death of Lady Sun broke the morale of the girls in
the House. Business dropped drastically, as a brothel full
of glum, crying prostitutes doesn't attract many patrons.
Xiang fought to keep the House together, working desper-
ately to get new girls into the House, but he couldn't af-
ford any new help, and he couldn't unload his present staff
on any other brothels. He struggled on for many years, but
reports that the House of the Fallen Sun was cursed started
to circle like ravens. It became increasingly difficult to draw
the crowds. The Japanese tourists would still occasionally
enter the establishment, but few of them stayed long, and
fewer still indulged. It was years before Xiang was able to
start to make a profit again.

Most of the girls who knew Lady Sun finally left the
House, and new girls came in. Profits picked up, and the House
seemed to be reborn. Only occasionally would the girls see
the ghostly couple walking in the halls or the blood on the
bar. The businessmen started to come back and things started
to look up. Of course, it was right about this time that Xiang
succumbed to a heart ailment and joined many of his dis-
gruntled former employees in the Shadowlands.


A litle Revelation

Everyone has always wondered what this little brothel did to
deserve so much bad luck. These people have no idea just how
much bad karma there actually is, nor how richly it is deserved.

The truth is, both Hoertz and Feld were vampires, ren-
egade Tremere who were abandoned by their sires. Determined
to pierce the shroud of earthly existence and peer into the
lands of the dead, they learned of wraiths' natural affinity
towards places of emotional extremes and decided to try to
design the perfect wraith bait. Hoertz came up with the idea
of a brothel, offering a wide range of emotions to the targeted
ghosts. He upped the ante by ensuring that the clientele would
be as keyed up as possible by placing the brothel in Thailand.
There, Hoertz hoped he would attract soldiers on leave from
the burgeoning conflict in Vietnam. It was only common sense
that soldiers on leave tend to be seething cauldrons of emo-
tion, and Hoertz hoped to tap that reservoir.

Feld was relatively unconcerned with the location of the
wraith magnet, and was more interested in its results. He spent
most of his time "in the field" collecting information on wraiths
and their activities, in the hopes of coming to understand their
inner workings. Too much the intellectual, Feld did not realize
the consequences of his actions until it was considerably too late.

While the pair enjoyed significant success in their early
work, the efforts were not one-sided. In the Shadowlands, all
the havoc of Southeast Asia was manifesting in a most un-
pleasant way. The jungles of Vietnam were rife with Oblivion-
tainted activity, and Nihils burst open to divulge Spectres. A
particularly nasty Nihil bubbled over in the Bangkok
Necropolis, and the Lord of Bangkok was hard pressed to
maintain the safety of his citizens. During the conflagration,
Hoertz's activities caught the attention of a particular Malfean
known only as the Lord of the Thousand Mirrors, who de-
vised a more covert plan to infect the population of the
Necropolis after the tide of war inevitably receded. Eventu-
ally, the Lord of Bangkok did in fact manage to stop the ma-
rauding Spectres, and the streets of the Necropolis were safe.

Thus foiled, the area Spectres began to act upon their alter-
nate plan of assault. They manipulated events so that certain
books fell into Feld's hands, opening up new paths of enlighten-
ment to the vampiric investigators. Rather than bringing the
Skinlands closer to the Shadowlands, the two actually scraped
open a Nihil in the Shadowlands corresponding to the attic.

Unfortunately, Feld realized his mistake, and recognized
the Nihil for what it actually was. He immediately confronted
Hoertz, and suggested they find a way to stop the incursion
before it got too severe. Unknown to Feld, however, Hoertz
was all too aware of the consequences of his actions. The
Spectres had managed to gain Hoertz's ear, and had coaxed
him over to their cause. He had made common cause with a
Malfean on the other side of the Nihil, offering his support in

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

exchange for unmentionable gifts. Hoertz told Feld to quit
worrying, that he had the situation well in hand.

Feld was not reassured, and had a paranoid' flair for exag-
geration. After leaving the House, he melodramatically decided
that he had to destroy the damned brothel before it ate the
Underworld. Returning quietly, he started a fire in the attic,
the site of his and Hoertz's work. Aware of the intrusion, Hoertz
stormed in and tried to extinguish the fire, but Feld leapt to
the attack to stop him. Hoertz threw his opponent to the flames,
but realized that it was too late to save the tome or the House.
Cursing, he escaped through a hole in the roof.

Through an informant in the Shrouded Claw, the prince
of Bangkok got wind of Hoertz's actions and called Blood Hunt
on him as a Diabolist. (Note: Even Sabbat members will at-
tack Hoertz on sight, as the tales of his experiments have
grown in the telling) The Cainite went to ground, but has
occasionally returned to prod the ashes. Heaping misfortune
on the heads of the occupants of the House in an attempt to
rip open the Nihil once again, he is personally responsible for
the outrages of both Norman and the nameless Japanese busi-
nessmen who recently visited the establishment.

A little offshoot of Hoertz and Feld's experimentation is
that a high percentage of the people who die in the House end
up as wraiths with the brothel as their major Fetter. This has
led to an unusual mix of permanent residents in the House,
but is possibly the least troubling aspect of their machinations.

In The Shadows of Bangkok

s previously mentioned, the Bangkok
Necropolis isa very busy and confusing place.
Souls flow like water in its streets, and busi-
H| ness is done on every corner. Anything and
4) everything can be bought or sold in the mar-
kets of Bangkok, and the prices can range
from outrageous to highway robbery. Every
faction in the Underworld is represented in one form or another,
from Stygian traders to Bugis pirates, and conflict is passé. All
factions recognize that certain places need to be set aside, where
differences can be settled and honest business, if there is such a
thing, can be done. Bangkok is one such place, and even the Lord
of the City bows to the almighty profit motive.

qhe Stadium

Conflicts between wraiths are easy to settle in Bangkok,
at least temporarily. All conflicts can be taken to the Sta-
dium. The Stadium is a grand structure located in the
Shadowlands just outside the city, resembling nothing so much
as a modern domed stadium. It serves two purposes: the reso-
lution of differences, and the entertainment of the masses.

oe

* OQ ==
Se =<


Any disagreement brought to the Stadium is settled quickly
enough by the Judges who operate the establishment. They de-
cide (usually based on the bribes offered) which party was wronged,
and then arm him with a weapon made of True Jade. The loser'of
the judgment is also armed, though with White Jade, and the two
are sent into the Arena. There they are allowed to attempt to
work out their disagreement for a predetermined period of time,
with the duration based upon the severity of wrongdoing. The
time allotted is also subject to bribery, though taking this sort of
bribe is regarded as a trifle declassé by most Judges.

The main attraction of the Stadium is the regular gladi-
atorial combats. Lemures are gathered from around the city
and roughly trained in the sport of war. These gladiators are
then pitted against each other, either in individual combat
or in massed battle. The gladiators are also used to execute
criminals, or sometimes thrown into the Judgment fights de-
scribed above just for fun. Particularly excellent fighters are
awarded prizes.
dom. This is rare, as any warrior who is that experienced in

and some eventually are able to win their free-

combat draws huge paying crowds to his shows. Few Judges
are willing to let go such a source of revenue.

The City and the House

Bangkok appears to be a smoothly running machine from
the outside, but the view from inside shows that it is rotten to
the core. Dopplegangers hold many positions of power, and
go to great lengths to conceal their influence from the neigh-
bors of Bangkok. Thousands of wraiths pass through Bangkok
every day, and servants of Oblivion are spreading its influ-
ence quietly through them. The Lord of Bangkok suspects
that something is amiss, but cannot act openly for fear that
the Jade Emperor will learn of the problem and wipe the
Necropolis off the face of the Shadowlands forever.

The House itself has recently come to be recognized as a
safe zone by the various warring factions in Bangkok. Here, free
trade can be exploited and one can lift a glass with the enemy
without worrying overmuch that he's lifting a knife as well. Un-
known to both the proprietors of the House and those that fre-
quent the establishment, the Nihil in the attic has had quite a
bit to do with the peace that reigns there. While the Nihil has
subsided to an intermittent occurrence, the Dopplegangers that
have forced their way through are slowly worming their way into
the minds of the House's occupants. Several have fallen prey to
the Shadow-Eatens' promises of wealth and power, and are ac-
tively recruiting others. Spectres now have followers or

Dopplegangers in all of the political and economic factions in

the city, and have managed to set up the House of the Fallen
Sun as the only safe place to meet. Now the most powerful fig-
ures in Bangkok all come to the House, unknowingly placing
themselves within the grasp of the servants of Oblivion.

he girl who would become Lady Sun was
sent to Bangkok by her parents at the age
of 13, hoping that she would become rich
and return to share her wealth with them.
For a while she survived on her own, but
quickly discovered that independent pros-
titutes were unwelcome in most of the best
"working" areas, all of which were controlled by one pimp or
another. Looking to acquire access to these restricted areas,
she met up with Xiang, who offered her a position at a new

house that was opening up. She accepted, and quickly became
one of the most popular girls. Hoertz noticed her preeminence
among his stable of girls, and changed her name to Lady Sun
(She has forgotten her real name, most likely by choice). She
was the model for the silhouette that hangs outside of the
brothel, and still gathers occasional Memoriam from it.
Slowly, those around her began to die or to move on, and
even at her tender age Lady Sun became something of a grand
dame to the House. After Hoertz and Feld apparently died, she

39


assumed many of the responsibilities that were Xiang's, as well
as tending to the needs of the newer girls. Most of the girls
started to view her as a mother, taking their woes and misfor-
tunes to her, as well as their joys and revelations. Lady Sun
helped where she could, commiserated when she could be of
no assistance, and scolded when one of her charges got out of
hand. She loved her girls, and her girls loved her.

It was this love that proved to be Lady Sun's undoing.
Lady Sun had only just turned 20 when Annie and her lover
met their untimely end. Annie had been one of the original
girls at the House, and Lady Sun had regarded her as a sister.
After Pvt. Williams' death, Annie had gone to Lady Sun for
consolation. Lady Sun had done all that she could to comfort
Annie, but was forced to leave her alone for a short period
while she tended to some business downstairs. When Lady
Sun returned, Annie was gone. Lady Sun herself found the
girl's body, swinging peacefully from the attic rafters.

Lady Sun blamed Xiang for the death of her friend, some
would say rightfully. Ever since that day, she has nurtured a hatred
of the man. She has gone out of her way in both life and death to
thwart his plans and has caused him no small inconvenience.
However, all of her actions against him are covert, as she still
needs to maintain the fiction of friendship to protect her girls.

Cynthia's death struck just as deeply as did Annie's, for
Lady Sun had begun to believe that she really could protect

40 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

her girls from harm. In the weeks following Cynthia's mur-
der, Lady Sun spent much of her time in the attic, contem-
plating both her impotence and suicide. Disdaining the lat-
ter, she decided to do something about the former.

She stopped taking customers eventually and concen-
trated on keeping her girls safe. She would wander the bar,
interrogating customers and throwing out any whom she did
not see as "worthy" of patronizing her charges. This seemed
to work, even though Xiang protested her actions, and no
harm came to her girls for quite some time. Furthermore, it
added a cachet of prestige to the House, as Fallen Sun cus-
tomers came to consider themselves a cut above the usual
run of whorehouse clientele.

When the enigmatic Japanese tourist who would prove
Clarissa's undoing walked in the door, Lady Sun immediately
wanted him thrown out. Xiang prevented her from doing so,
and Clarissa paid for this decision with her life. This was the
final straw for Lady Sun, who simply snapped when she walked
in to find Clarissa's body. Thinking only of vengeance, she
rushed the pimp. Unfortunately, all that she got for her ef-
forts was a broken skull and a rude awakening in the afterlife.

Lady Sun and Clarissa awoke side by side in the
Shadowlands. They were quickly reaped by Annie and Pri-
vate Williams, and now Lady Sun tries to maintain what
she had lost in life. She dotes on the girls and distrusts the
many wraiths who frequent her bar. She is dreadfully aware
of the Nihil in the attic, and has become obsessed with
searching out evidence in the House of its corrupting ef-
fects. She has managed to stay free of its influence, but only
by her blind devotion to her family of whores. She conve-
niently overlooks their wrongdoings, and attempts to cover
up their faults. She may know more than she lets on, but
she refuses to admit it to herself.

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: House of the Fallen Sun

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 1
Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Meditation 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 1, Law 3, Politics 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Eidolon 4, Haunt 3, Me-
moriam 1, Notoriety 2, Status 2

Passions: Keep the girls safe (Love) 5, Make everything alright
(Caring) 3, Find her parents (Love) 1

Arcanoi: Castigate 3, Embody 2, Intimation 2

Fetters: The House 5, Her home village 2

Willpower: 10

yal Oe

Min ean

Sty

a


Pathos: 10
P'o: The Parent

Angst: 3

Shadow Passions: Destroy the House (Hate) 3, Hurt her
adopted family (Anger) 2

Image: A middle-aged woman, half Thai, half Japanese, Lady
Sun looks tired but always has a smile for her charges. Only
her eyes betray the fear she feels over the horrors that the
attic will inevitably let loose.

Roleplaying Hints: Bustle, dote, smooth over the rough edges,
ignore trouble and most of all, smother those around you in
care and love.

chi Xiang

Xiang is mere moments from falling into Spectrehood.
He has sold himself wholesale to the Shadow-eaten, and now
works only to fulfill their needs. He plays the part of benevo-
lent host in the bar, influencing where he can and bantering
where he can not. It is only a matter of time before his Shadow
reinvents him as a Doppleganger — or worse.
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Circle: The House of the Fallen Sun
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Occult 3, Law 2
Backgrounds: Allies (Spectres) 4, Contacts 5, Haunt 2, No-
toriety 2, Status (Spectres) 2, Status (Bangkok) 2
Passions: Destroy Bangkok (Hate) 3, Set himself up as leader
of the House again (Envy) 2, Ruin his Brother (Hate) 1
Arcanoi: Moliate 2, Outrage 3, Phantasm 2
Fetters: The House 5, His Brother 1
Willpower: 10
Pathos: 3
P'o: The Monster
Image: An ugly, twisted man, Xiang is a little weasel who is
forever wearing tacky clothes and sleazing his way into every
conversation. His smile is plastic, and his hair is fake. Xiang
looks every bit the part of the pimp, only dead.
Roleplaying Hints: Whine a lot. Make bad jokes and laugh
stupidly. Always drop big names at inopportune times ("Say,
that reminds me of what that Jade Censor and I were talking
about over at the Stadium..."), and get upset when people
don't look impressed. If asked about black market deals, at

first seem standoffish, then hook the players up with what-
ever they need. Try to figure out the players' Shadows, and
cater to them. Try to force as many Harrowings as possible,
and do anything to add to the players' Angst. After all, you've
got hungry allies to feed.

Note: Xiang is not a Spectre. Yet.

Annie

Annie is a lovely young girl, though she still bears the
scars around her neck where she received her final, sinewy
embrace. She spent many years after her death alone, un-
aware that Private Williams had been whisked away into
slavery immediately after his demise. She would wander
the streets of Bangkok by night and sleep at the foot of the
attic stairs when Slumber called her. Only chance brought
the young lovers together, as Williams won his freedom
and returned to the place of his death to seek his love.
Since their reunion, the two have been inseparable. Annie
now wanders the main floor of the brothel, tracking the
hints and rumors of the living lands. She has taken up the
role of reporter, keeping the dead informed of events in
the Skinlands, as well as maintaining the House's political
ties in the land of the dead.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Gallant

Circle: The House of the Fallen Sun

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Ex-
pression 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Craft 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Haunt 2

Passions: Smother Williams in affection (Love) 4, Find out
the truth about any and everything (Righteous Curiosity) 3
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Castigate 1, Moliate 2

Fetters: The House 5, Rotted piece of rope 2

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

Shadow:The Leech

Angst: 2

Shadow Passions: Destroy Williams (Hate) 3, Burn the House
to the ground (Rage) 1

Image: Annie is a beautiful young girl, with savage rope burns on
her neck. She is the image of vibrant youth, smiling, asking ques-
tionsand trying to help whenever she can. Usually she wears dresses

Frivate Rober€ Williams

NS s9 ee"

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

0 Zs

with high collars to hide the signs of her unfortunate demise, and
commenting upon them is a sure way to earn her emnity.

Roleplaying Hints: Pry into places you shouldn't be. Ask every
question that comes to mind. Write it all down. You could be of
some use to the players should they need to contact anyone in
the Necropolis, and you would be more than happy to oblige. Be
so chipper you make people sick, and hang on Private Williams'
every word. Young love really is forever, at least for you.

Private Robert Williams

The good private was not as fortunate as most of the spirits
in The House of the Fallen Sun when it came to his life after
death. Rather than being protected by Lady Sun or cared for by
Annie, he was dragged away to one of Bangkok's more bizarre
attractions: The Stadium. At the Stadium, new wraiths are
chained up and made to fight one another for the entertain-
ment of the crowd. Williams was fortunate enough to have con-
siderable training in the combat arts, and eventually won enough
through his victories to buy his freedom. He immediately re-
turned to the House where he died, hoping to find the girl he 7
loved, maybe to help her in her life, or maybe to aid her in death.

It was Annie's wraith that Williams found, but the re-
union was all that the two had hoped for. Together at last,
Annie and Williams settled down in the House. They kept
the place safe and did what they could to help out Lady Sun
in the Skinlands. When she died, they were there to remove
her Caul and greet her with open arms.

Williams now does everything that he could not do in
life. Specifically, he protects Annie from harm and sorrow
and does what he feels is right without worrying about con-
tradicting his orders. The Vietnam War was rife with ambi-
guities, and the confused private often found himself acting
against his conscience. Having been freed from mortal moral
concerns, Pvt. Williams now only answers to his own good
judgment. The change is enormously liberating, and is some-
thing that he felt he should have done years ago.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Director

Circle: The House of the Fallen Sun

Physic:

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Skill

/
Knowledges: Law 2, Medicine 3, Military Science 3 |

Is: Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Melee 3

Backgrounds: Artifact 5 (.45 caliber pistol with a dozen Ar-
tifact rounds), Haunt 2
Passions: Protect and Love Annie (Love) 5, Protect the House

(Duty) 3

Arcanoi: Embody 2, Outrage 3, Pandemonium 2
Fetters: The House 5, His home in the States 2
Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

Shadow: The Martyr

Shadow Passion: Hurt Annie (Hate) 4

Image: A slightly decayed American Gl in full kit and camo,
Williams is almost a parody of a Vietnam-era soldier. Taking
his duties very seriously, he barks out orders, salutes and
marches whenever the opportunity presents itself. He actu-
ally looks happy to be dead, and this weirds out most of the
other wraiths around to no end.

Roleplaying Hints: Tolerate no mention of lawlessness on
the part of the players. Express your opinion whenever you
feel like it and at great volume. Bluster around, checking
up on people, investigating strange occurrences and gen-
erally being anal-retentive.

Cynthia

In life, Cynthia was young and convinced of her own im-
mortality. She believed that nothing could hurt her and that she
was destined for greatness. Norman proved her wrong, but she
regarded this as a minor setback on her road to immortality. Upon
finding herself in the
that she really was invincible, that she had conquered death by
her sheer will to live. This pseudo-triumph has driven Cynthia
s and wild abandon. She is Lady Sun's
biggest headache, as the loving matron is always digging her out

hadowlands, Cynthia began to believe

tonew levels of reckless

of one scrape or another. Cynthia has done everything from
smuggling True Jade out of the Empire to taking part in assassi-
nations of major political figures. She sees her wraithly exist-
ence as an opportunity to fulfill all of her potential that Norman
wasted. Over the years since her death, she has accumulated a

network of contacts, lovers and enemies, second only to Xiang's
in this area. She has no political leanings, but rather does things
based on how much fun they might be. One week she may be
supplying a Renegade group with relics and information, and
the next she is helping spies from the Jade Empire infiltrate the
same group. Cynthia is extremely untrustworthy, but also ex-
tremely well connected, and as dangerous as she is, often there is
no choice left but to deal with her.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Gallant

Circle: The House of the Fallen Sun

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Melee 4
Knowledges: Law 3, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 5

Passions: Please yourself (Sybarism) 5, Share in whatever
pleasures the House offers the Quick (Lust) 2

Arcanos: Mnemosynis 2, Pandemonium 3, Puppetry 2
Fetters: The House 4, Norman 2

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Monster

Angst: 4

Shadow Passions: Self-Destruct (Self-Hatred) 3, Bring
the wrath of the Lord of Bangkok down on the House
(Hatred) 2

Image: All spoiled brat, Cynthia looks young and inno-
cent, but her eyes cut with the sarcasm of a little queen.
Like Dorothy Parker, the first thing she does in the morn-
arpen her tongue. She wears whatever will offend

sent company, and will do her best to get on
everyone's nerves. She is fine-boned and small, but there
is no weakness in her.

Roleplaying Hints: Do whatever it takes to annoy every-
one else. Their reactions are the only thing that gives your
existence purpose, anyway.

(S

wer TT

BaD:

oe

Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun 43


Clarissa

Clarissa had only arrived at the brothel from her home
village a week prior to her murder. Upon her arrival, she had
immediately attached herself to Lady Sun, finding in the moth-
ering madam her only solace in this frightening new town.
Devastated by her murder, Clarissa re-attached herself to her
mentor with frightening ferocity the instant the Lady was
Reaped. Since the time of her death, Clarissa has been in Lady
Sun's presence as much as possible. She tends to the Lady's
every need, and relies on the Lady for her own protection.
Clarissa is terrified of her new life after life. She hates the
constant moans that emanate from the floors, the horrid appear-
ances of her fellow wraiths and the decay that spreads through
the world like gangrene. She only survives because Lady Sun is
at her side. When the Lady is absent, Clarissa buries herself in
some forgotten corner, or simply under her bed until she returns.
Clarissa is trying to become strong enough to return to
her village, where she hopes to be greeted by the spirits of her
family. She has tried to convince Lady Sun to make the trip
with her, but the Lady is adamant in her refusal to leave the
House for even a short period. In the mean time, Clarissa
waits, gathers her strength and prepares.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Child

Circle: The House of the Fallen Sun

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Dodge 4, Empathy 3

Skills: Meditation 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Haunt 2, Mentor 1

Passions: Get Home (Longing) 4, Escape the fate of the
Drones around her (Fear) 1

Arcanos: Keening 4

Fetters: The House 3, Her parents' home 3

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 4

P'o: The Freak

Angst: 1

Shadow Passions: Do all the things that terrify Clarissa (Self-
Destructiveness) 3

Image: Clarissa was very young when she died and a thing of
great beauty. She wears pretty clothes, and tries to look as much

|
Fe NON = Le Edi tee

he can. She always looks very frightened,
bringing to mind the image of a rabbit about to bolt.
Roleplaying Hints: Tremble whenever anyone asks you
a question. Don't say anything, just stare at strangers and
then run away. If cornered, turn and fight.

jun Cheng

Cheng was the leader of the Shrouded Claw, a gang
that made its base in the House, when he was shot. A few
of his fellow gangbangers died with him, and they have
formed a new Shrouded Claw in the Shadowlands. Lady
Sun tries to keep the gang out of the House, but it's hard
to keep ghosts out of a haunted building.

Since his death, Cheng and his followers have been op-
erating out of the House. The main aim of this post-mortem
Claw is to topple the Lord of Bangkok, and Cheng has se-
cretly been receiving supplies to this end from the Jade Em-
pire. Cheng wants to topple the Lord of Bangkok for a simple
reason: He spent his entire life rebelling against the nearest
available authority figure, and he sees no reason to not con-
tinue this practice after his death. In truth, the Shrouded

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

) S—=


Claw is of little threat to the Lord of Bangkok, and spends
most of its time warring against other street gangs in the
Necropolis. The ministers of the Imperial Military would
not be pleased to discover that the aid that they are sending
to overthrow this troublesome neighbor is instead being used
to wage turf wars, but Cheng doesn't think that will ever
happen. Then again, Tsiang doesn't think he as anything to
fear from his Shadow, either.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Deviant

Circle: Shrouded Claw

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Streetwise 5

Skills: Leadership 3, Melee 4, Repair 2

Knowledges: Law 1, Enigmas 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Haunt 2, Notoriety 1

Passions: Cause Havoc (Mischievousness) 3, Overthrow the
Lord of Bangkok (Hatred) 4

Arcanoi: Pandemonium 4, Outrage 2

Fetters: The House 5, His old gang turf 2

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

P'o: The Pusher

Angst: 6

Shadow Passion: Embarrass Cheng in front of his gang
(Ridicule) 4

Image: A snot nosed little punk, always sticking it to the
Man, Cheng dresses in leather and denim. His jacket bears
the Shrouded Claw gang sign on his back.

Roleplaying Hints: Disagree with everyone. Go on long
tirades about the oppressive bureaucracy and generally
incite chaos.

Note: Cheng has between three and five Shrouded Claw
members with him at all times. Leather-clad punks, they're
armed with Artifact knives and will instantly move to at-
tack anyone who threatens Cheng. Shrouded Claw mem-
bers encountered when Cheng is not around will be rowdy,
obnoxious and belligerent.

Story ideas

e The party is in Bangkok on business, and ends up stay-
ing in the House. During their stay, there's an incursion of
Spectres from the Nihil in the attic, and the characters end

Jun Cheng

9 Wee

up fighting for their very existences in the cramped and
twisted hallways. Forced to retreat, they find themselves

in the owner's room, and some of Hoe
starting to act up...

magical toys are

¢ The book that allowed Feld and Hoertz to create the
Nihil in the House was Inhabited when it was destroyed in
the fire. The Relic book is now in high demand, as it also
contains information on the nature of Nihils, and possibly
how they might be closed. Rumor has it that a freedom
fighter from Tibet is in town and has obtained the book.
Looking to finance his revolution, he's looking to sell, but
what can the players offer — and what happens if some-
one else gets to him first?

¢ Hierarchy officials have asked the party to deli

eT a
package to their representative in Bangkok. While wait-
ing for the representative in the Fallen Sun, the players

are privileged enough to see him assassinated as he cross

the street. Opening the box, they find a dagger that howls
and glows with an unearthly light, and suddenly everyone
in Bangkok knows about it. What is the dagger for, whom
was it supposed to go to, and what will the wraiths of
Bangkok do to get their hands on it?

Bangkok: The House of the Fallen Sun 45


he Well of Night:
Mh ale Plat

By Christopher Howard

Towers culled from broken dreams.

Walls of broken flesh.

Beauty torn from innocence's breast.

The Demon King squats on a throne of White Jade.

Topple the towers.

Break down the walls.

Innocence returned.

The demon will fall.

— Popular revolutionary song of The Struggle, com-
poser unknown

ee) he presence of Yu Huang, the Jade Emperor,
permeates every level of society in the Yel-
low Springs. Nowhere is this more true than
his center of power, the Jade Palace. The
palace fulfills two purposes: it is both the
home of the Emperor and the center of the
Empire's sprawling bureaucracy. Few who
have seen the palace will deny that it is an awe inspiring sight,
but its main connotation in the hearts of many Chinese wraiths
is one of horror. Many call the palace the "Well of Night."

The Tempest

he Jade Palace is located in the figurative
eye of the hurricane. Surrounding it, the
Tempest regularly reaches near-Mael-
strom intensity. Spectres, kuei and other
| monstrosities collect at the periphery, cir-
cling like sharks. For the safety of every-
one, the Emperor has ordered that no one
may approach the Palace except by way of the Great Imperial
Highway. The use of Argos to approach the Palace, except in
the case of extreme emergencies, is punishable by dissolu-
tion. Few have any reservations about following this order
since any other approach is far too dangerous (All Argos rolls
in the Tempest here are at +2 difficulty).

The Imperial Highway extends throughout the Jade
Kingdom. Its final destination in the Shadowlands is the
Necropolis of Xi'an. From here it ascends into the "heav-
ens" and the Tempest until it reaches its final destination at
the Palace's gates. The Tempest-scape along the Highway is

)

a nightmare of whispering voices, tortured screams and vi-
sions to scar the soul. Spectral forms may try to lure travel-
ers off the road and into the Tempest by means of seductive
visions. The rest of the surrounding Tempest is so night-
marish, however, that this ploy is rarely successful.

On the highway there is always a sluggish, dirty wind blow-
ing, but this is merely the faintest shadow of the Tempest that
howls nearby. It is obvious to all that only the protective hand of
the Emperor holds back the fury of the storm. This realm of
relative calm extends off the highway about 25 feet in all direc-
tions. Visibility in the surrounding Tempest varies. One can rarely
see more than 100 yards, yet in places there are portals that seem
to lead to far off, barbaric lands; even the shores of Stygia. Inves-
tigating these portals is strongly discouraged by the soldiers of
the Immortal Guard, who regularly patrol the highway.

Some visions seen from the highway are obviously the
obscene fictions of Spectres. These vistas show unarmed civil-
ians being cut down and tortured by the Immortal Guard. Those
who witness such scenes are advised to seek out a Protector of
the Prosperous Realm for confession and counseling.

48 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

The Outer

Beyond the grand Seven Dragons Gate lies the Jade
Palace. The Jade Palace is more like a small city, consist-
ing of 251 palaces, four great pagodas (housing the Four
High Magistrates) and numerous buildings which con-
tain the Empire's bureaucracy. The entire complex sits
on a great island of black, basaltic rock which seems to
pulse and breathe in time with the surrounding Tempest.
The same sluggish wind that beats down the length of
the highway sweeps through the city.

Like the highway, the city is surrounded by a protec-
tive shell that shields it from the Tempest. The relative
calm that surrounds the city gives way to the most vio-
lent part of the Tempest, a violent whirlpool of garish
blue energies. This miniature Maelstrom boils about a
mile above the city. Over two miles in diameter, it domi-
nates the city's skyline. Bolts of eldritch lightning lance
through its interior, occasionally licking the surfaces of
the complex's higher towers. None, save the Emperor,
knows what lies beyond this hideous storm. No one who
has entered has ever returned. The Maelstrom casts its
incessant pall over the entire city, casting eerie, blue
shadows that undulate over every surface. The lightning
constantly flickers, and its light seems to find a strange,
scintillating resonance within the building's surfaces of
White and True Jade.

Many visiting wraiths find the city's exterior very
disturbing. All wraiths must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 6) every hour that they stay outside, or re-
ceive a temporary point of Angst. (Those with an
Argos rating of at least three do not have to roll.) Most
wraiths spend little time outdoors and scuttle on their
bureaucratic errands from building to building, rarely
looking upward.

Architecturally speaking, the city is looming and op-
pressive. Ornamentation tends to run along dark and vio-
lent lines, even on the most delicate of structures. The
overall outline of the city is unmistakably Imperial Chi-
nese in flavor, and gracefully arched rooftops are the or-
der of the day. Some find the entire scale of the city to
be most unnatural and the mind rebels at the scale of the
architecture. Many buildings employ the architectural
contrivances of buildings that are usually of a more mod-
est scale. The overall impression is, then, of a much
smaller city, magically enlarged to a giant's scale. The
front edifices, of even the smallest buildings, are loom-
ing affairs that seem to swallow up anyone entering them.
Critics of the Emperor attribute the bizarre large/small
dichotomy of the city to psychological faults within the
Emperor himself (They do this very quietly.).

|

|
|


heir Pal

Bee i| iven the alien qualities of the palace with-
out, it is small wonder that most inhabitants
wish to stay indoors. There is an air of safety
within, such as one might find inside one's
house ona stormy day. This safety is
ary, however, for it is safer outside. Many of
the complex's buildings are linked by tunnels
and covered walkways, so that one may go months without going

outside. Existence in the Jade Palace has a very subterranean feel,
and some even attribute a hive-like quality to it.

illusion-

On the surface, the mood of the city varies greatly from
place to place. There are bustling corridors filled with har-
tied bureaucrats conducting the affairs of the city, and there
are serene, contemplative gardens. There are teeming mar-
ketpla theatres and public gardens. There are sweep-
ing vistas and intimate corners. Construction of the com-
plex has never abated throughout its entire history and

S,

there is always a new sight to explore. Still, just beneath
this seemingly endless panoply of variation, there is a maze-
like feeling of sameness. Incidents of madness are common
among long-term residents of the Jade Palace. There is a

high level of bureaucratic paranoia here, of a kind that
ouly'a Technocracy mage could love:

landmarks

There are many strange sights and places within the
Jade Palace. Given its size, only a few of the more central
ones are listed here. The Storyteller is encouraged to add
her own elements.

qhe 251 Palaces

The 251 palaces are all, technically, the abodes of
the Emperor, though many of them are infrequently used
for this and are given over to other purposes. The Em-
peror moves freely and regularly between them, taking
up temporary residence in each in a seemingly random
pattern. Constructed haphazardly over the past two
millenia, the palaces contain anywhere from 250 to 3000
rooms. They vary significantly in style, in accordance
with changing architectural conventions. The interiors
are grandiose even by imperial standards, as hundreds
of artisans have competed over the centuries to create
works pleasing to the Emperor's eye. Some would con-
sider the overall effect to be somewhat ostentatious, for
while the Emperor is famed as a great patron of all the
arts, many artists secretly consider his artistic sensibili-
ties to be questionable.

4

MA 3s

The Well of Night: The Jade Palace 49


SSS

qhe Menagerie
When the Emperor realized that the souls of animals were not
able to travel to the Yellow Springs, he was sad. The Emperor missed

a sparrow's flight. Not to be deterred, he made a proclamation.
"Let those subject-citizens who are most loyal, come forward."
And they, more precious than True Jade, came forward and said...
"We will be the creatures of the land and sea and air, for
you, our beloved Emperor."
And such was their love for the Emperor, that their forms began to
change. Becoming, each in kind, a beast that walked, or swam, or flew.
— From the History of Yu Huang, by Shih Chi

The Emperor did, indeed, grow nostalgic for the pres-
ence of animals. The conversion of loyal subjects into beasts
was not nearly as idyllic as usually portrayed, however. In the
early years of his reign, the Emperor had many conquered
foes. A small and lucky minority of them were not hurled
into Oblivion or rendered down as White Jade. They were
instead Moliated into animal forms. Furthermore their minds
were "simplified" to the level of animals. The creatures are
reasonable facsimiles of animals, but are not, of course, like
real animals. Many are even stylized representations of mythic
beasts such as ki'rin, or twisted monstrosities which have never
walked the earth save in nightmares.

The Emperor has over 5000 such creatures in the Jade
Palace's extensive Menagerie (open to the public) and an-
other 15000 roam freely throughout the Empire. They are
considered holy by the public. Occasionally one of these crea-
tures goes mad and attacks citizens of the Yellow Springs, but
even defending yourself against such a creature is a crime pun-
ishable by an eternity in Feng-tu. Most communities terror-
ized by mad animals must simply put up with the nuisance
and hope the animal will go awe

the loyalty of his great war steed and grew nostalgic for the poetry of

Cord;
08-95 4 Remote Tactical rinse
if eries "Six Ey
uch #296.

qhe Garden of life

Another example of the Emperor's "poetic sensibilities" is his
recent creation of the public botanical gardens. An expensive and
embarassing public relations disaster, the botanical gardens con-
sists of a vast jungle setting containing every verdant species known
to the Emperor's artisans. The "plants" are backdropped by skill-
fully crafted sword trees, much like those found in Feng-tu. Wraiths
go into Imperial gardeners' "studios" and come out as rare and
beauteous flora. However, not all plants here are Moliated from
former enemies; some were originally Imperial subjects whose loy-
alty outweighed their enlightened self-interest.

The botanical gardens were supposed to capture the
imagination of the public. The Minister of the MPR himself
attended its gaudily orchestrated opening. The first crowds
were ushered in for the Grand Tour to a fanfare of horns and
drums, and the Emperor himself anxiously awaited the awed
praise which he knew was forthcoming.

Two hours later the first vistors emerged, shaken and fright-
ened by the experience. The exhibit was too alien and bizarre
for the crowd to handle. (Those who enter must make a Will-
power roll [difficulty 6] or be forced into a Harrowing). Word
quickly spread that the place was a horror, and now even the
Emperor's most loyal subjects avoid the place in droves.

The Emperor considers the affair a fiasco, but has invested
too much of his own prestige to simply wipe the project out and
start over. To cover the Emperor's embarrassment, the Minister
of the MPR has been invited to retire. Despite the garden's fail-
ure, the Emperor's imagination is still stirred by the idea of mak-
ing the hillsides green again. His generals talk of a "final solu-
tion" and the plant program is being quietly moved to Japan.
The Emperor's private, ultimate figure is a luxurious wilderness

» containing over 10 billion Moliated wraiths. This is a long term

plan, but the Emperor has the luxury of time. It is with a smile
that he notes that regional population trends are promising.


Conquering and handling the world:
I have experienced that this fails
The world is a spiritual thing

which must not be handled.
Whosoever handles it destroys it,
whosoever wants to hold on to it loses it

—Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching

The Men from the Ministry

The Seats of the Four Magisterial branches of Govern-
ment are situated around a large central square. At the
square's center is a grandiose, semi-public fountain. Water
burbles and sighs through it, whispering secrets from the
Emperor's "good water spirits." The water is quite a mir:
all the physical qualities of

mortal water, though drinking it is strictly forbidden.

to most wraiths, because it has

The water is, in reality, made from Moliated wraiths.
The wraiths transmogrified for this purpose were poets who
displeased the Emperor in some way, and while their form
has changed, many of these unfortunate souls retain their
poetic gifts. By listening closely, one can hear the tongues
of poets speak amidst the splashing of the waters.

Although the being sentenced to the fountain is tech-
nically a form of punishment, the Emperor rarely punishes
his artists as severely as his other subjects. Spending eter-
nity as a "water spirit" is comparatively painless.

Each of the four Ministry buildings is identical in ap-
pearance to all of the others. Their individual functions are
only denoted by long silk banners of varying colors. Over each
of these banners is the Emperor's banner, which is yellow.

The Square between the four buildings is guarded by a
detachment of the Immortal Guard. Sightseers are discour-
aged. Underneath the Square is a honeycomb of labyrin-
thine tunnels. At their center (beneath the fountain) is
Eunuch Central.

Protectors of the Prosperous Realm—
Black

The Judges of the Dead— Blue

The Jade Censors — Jade

The Imperial Army — Red

The En C llow (According to

custom, only the Emperor and his chosen

subordinates may wear yellow. Violators are
sent to Feng-tu.)


WA Funuch Central
%) The nerve center of the Emperor's intelligence network
squats ina series of chambers beneath the Magisterial Square.
4 Of all the horrific sights in the Jade Palace, this is perhaps
the grisliest. Built by the Emperor's greatest artisans, sages
and engineers is a twisted framework of True Jade, utterly
alien in its complexity. Covering this framework is a twisted,

twitching mass of Moliated wraiths. Hundreds of Eunuchs
are networked together, their collective intelligences com-

bined to create a hell-born mainframe computer. Eunuchs
and portions of Eunuchs clatter in a never ending cacophony
of calculations. The names of a million traitors to the Em-
pire are encoded within this database of flesh. Bony protru-
sions, tipped with True Jade, extend from the morass. These
protrusions slide neatly into the skull sockets of Remote
Eunuch units from throughout the Kingdom and allow them
to "download" into the great central consciousness
thing that they have seen.

every-

Eunuch Central has a stark and glistening hive-mind
intelligence to it. It has so far foiled all rebel attempts to
hack into it, but they keep trying. Each of the four Magis-
trates has access to Eunuch Central, as does the Minister of
the MPR, several well-paid technicians and other favored
members of the Emperor's inner circle. Only the Emperor

has full access, however. Eunuch Central has access to

Arcanoi and uses them within the parameters of its program,
generally for purposes of self-defense. The Emperor occasion-
ally directs operations here from his Imperial booth, over-
looking the construct. Eunuch Central is well protected by
elite forces, but it also has its own defense capabilities.

Eunuch Central

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 0, Dexterity 0, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 8, Wits 5

Knowledge: 5 in most Knowledge Abilities.

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Fatalism 4, Hive Mind 5, Inhabit 1, Keen-
ing 4, Lifeweb 1, Moliate 4 , Pandemonium 5, Way of the
Artisan 1, Way of the Merchant 5, Way of the Scholar 2
Pathos: 35

Permanent Corpus: 25

Willpower: 8

Passions: Serve the Emperor 5 (Fear)

Angst: 2

P'o: Martyr

WYN
a\\a// 5 ‘aks %
"et 52 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

ee SSS

TTT Tt


The mood of the Jade Palace is one of constant threat and
intrigue. It is never known when the Emperor may explode, or
what might anger him. Everyone scrambles to have scapegoats
at the ready to divert attention from themselves. Palace new-
comers are particularly tempting victims, and there is an at-
mosphere of creeping paranoia and of constantly being watched.
The palace has a strange, mindbending quality to it and no
one is completely unaffected by this. The palace is not all dark-
ness, however. Wraiths, after all, must continue with their ex-
istence despite their surroundings. The Jade Palace may be a
cage, but it is at least a gilded one. Many here live in opulent
luxury and even the poorest have most of their needs fulfilled.

On a more artistic note, there is something of a theatri-
cal renaissance going on here. Most of the theatre is highly
traditional, and the plays of Chan (see Personalities below)
are about as subversive as things get. The Emperor coddles
his creative class (artists, actors, musicians, poets, etc.), but
keeps them well away from controversial subject matter.

The Emperor Artist

Artisans are the Emperor's pampered class. The Emperor is
"humbled" by their works of heavenly beauty, and artists have a
special place in the Empire as a result of this adoration. (All artists,
musicians, actors, etc. receive +1 on all Social rolls when dealing
with the bureaucracy.) The Emperor dabbles in all arts and is con-
sidered to be quite good at forms ranging from flute playing to sculp-
ture. (As Chan says, with over 2000 years to practice, even a king
may produce something worthwhile.) Many in his artistic stable
privately realize that he will never be a great artist, however, and
contort themselves to avoid pronouncing this revelation.

The Emperor is particularly interested in the Art of Moliation.
Much of the Jade Palace is formed out of White Jade and Moliated
wraiths, all of which still have sentience. These poor souls are
woven into almost everything and their purpose is not purely or-
namental. Eyes woven into paintings can see much of what oc-
curs in the city. Much of the city is "automated" by wraiths Moliated
into various components. Unlike the Eunuchs, however, the Em-
peror can no longer rely on their loyalty. The Spirits of the Jade
Machine, as they are called by some, despise the Emperor for what
he did to them. Restless for revenge, they have plotted carefully
for over 300 years. The Emperor is only now realizing that there is
something amiss. However, it is far worse than even the Emperor
fears: The Struggle Against Qin has established contact with the
Spirits of the Jade Machine and the two groups are beginning to
explore the potential of an alliance.

The Emperor is powerful in all the Arcanoi, but Moliate has
a special place in his heart and he practices it on a level never
before seen. His use of this Arcanos in combat is devastating, as
he works seemingly without fear of his p'o. All wraiths feel their
Corpus crawl in his presence; unlucky ones feel it run and melt.

Personalities
judge Li Gao

—

iGao has been the Emperor' flattering toady
since his death by poisoning. He is univer-
sally despised by everyone (including his
fellow Magistrates) and is often ridiculed by
Chan. No one else dares to criticize him
openly, however. Possessing a monstrous
appetite for new and different sensory expe-
riences, he has used his position as Judge of the Dead to enrich
himself. He is particularly despised by his subordinates at the
Ministry of the Dead. Under his rule, the judicial system has
reached new heights of corruption and inefficiency.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Expression 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Meditation 2, Performance 3,
Stealth 3

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 5, Eunuch Central 3, Investigation 3,
Law 4, Linguistics 1 (Ming Dynasty cant), Occult 2, Politics 4
Passions: Serve the Emperor (Jealousy) 3, Seek pleasure (Lust/
Greed) 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifact 3, Contacts 5, Haunt 5,
Memorium 1, Notoriety 3, Status 4, Wealth 5

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Fatalism 3, Keening 4, Moliate 4, Usury 2,
Way of the Merchant 5, Way of the Scholar 3

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 8

P'o: Parent (Speaks in mother's voice. "Li Gao, look at your-
self. You're a disgrace to your family's name!")

Angst: 8

Thorns: Aura of Corruption

Dark Passions: Wallow in Pleasure (Lust) 4, Surrender to
Oblivion (Laziness) 4, Make others pay for your self-hatred
(Disgust) 3

Flaws: Fragile Corpus, Addiction (Pleasure), Rotting
Image: Every "morning" Li Gao Moliates himself into a hand-
some and striking wraith, but this guise invariably crumbles
over the course of the day as he indulges in his manifold,
petty pleasures. By evening he is back to his real form, which
is pudgy and pasty white. He looks like, more than anything,
a corpulent and rotting toad.


Roleplaying Hints: Some people consider you "slimy." Let
them. It doesn't matter if people like you as long as they
do what you say. Power here is coined in favor of the Em-
peror and you have gained his ear. You must flatter and
cajole him at all costs. Rapidly sliding towards Oblivion,
you know there are many who wish to lend you a helping
hand in getting there.

Quote: Your family is guilty of many sins, but I know of a way
you can save them. Listen...

fan Wushang

Fan Wushang is easily the Emperor's oldest and most
trusted advisor. An advisor to other Emperors in his living days,
his fame preceded him to the Yellow Springs. Upon his death a
delegation was present to welcome him. The Emperor himself
cut his Caul and placed him high in the Protectors of the Pros-
perous Realm. Within a decade he became Magistrate, a posi-
tion that he has filled through the present day.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

trength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
arisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Empathy 4, Expression 5
(Oratory), Intimidation 4 (Implied), Subterfuge 6

Skills: Etiquette 5, Leadership 5, Meditation 3

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 5, Eunuch Central 5, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 5, Law 5, Linguistics 4, Occult 3, Politics 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifact 4, Contacts 5, Eidolon 4,
Haunt 5, Memorium 3, Status 5, Wealth 5

Passions: Serve the Emperor as no other can (Ego) 5, Pro-
tect the Magistracy and the Realm (Duty) 5

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Chains of the Emperor 3, Fatalism 2, Inti-
mation 5, Keening 3, Phantasm 5, Way of the Farmer 1, Way
of the Scholar 5, Way of the Soul 4

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 9

P'o: Rationalist

Angst: 2

Thorns: None

Dark Passions: Strangle the Empire in red tape (Sadism) 5,
Bewilder the Emperor (Envy) 3

Merits / Flaws: Eidetic Memory, Iron Will, Tomb (2) / Driv-
ing Goal (Crush rebellion)

Image: Fan Wushang looks every bit the part of the sage,
imperial advisor. He is tall and a little frail looking. He has a
long, thin white mustache and a forked beard. He dresses
austerely, but well, usually in black. He comports himself in a
manner befitting a member of the favored intelligentsia.

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Roleplaying Hints: You are the Emperor's hidden hand, the
political enforcer of his whims and desires. None except for
the Emperor have as much control over the nation's political
machine. Order must be kept in the Empire and you subscribe
to the Legalist tradition's method of governing. A certain
degree of fear must be maintained.

You are currently maintaining some distance from the Em-
peror, waiting for that upstart Li Gao to hang himself. You
have watched many such petty Magistrates come and go, and
you know that the wise man learns patience. You keep your
p'o under tight control and are rarely disturbed by it, even as
you do anything nece:
Emperor's true nature. A master propagandist, you realize that
you are more hated by the rebels than any except for the
Emperor, but your conscience is untroubled.

ssary to mislead the public about the

Quote: As Li Ssu said... "Only an intelligent ruler is capable of
applying heavy punishments to light offenses. If light offenses carry
heavy punishments, one can imagine what will be done against a
serious offense. Thus the people will not dare to break the laws."
Special: The MPR is the political wing of the Protectors of
the Prosperous Realm. Recently wraiths who are former Com-
munist Party members have ensconced themselves here. The
MPR now has certain Communist trappings, but Fan Wushang
is undisturbed by this recent trend.

) t= ; ee
& AKER YS
oS, ci J


Hu Ji has been the Jade Censor for a century, but no one
is familiar with her activities before this time. There is some
speculation that she may have been a mage before her death.
She is the only Magistrate who shows modern sensibilities
and she is known to have strong connections to the Skinlands.
Unguarded moments also betray Western sensibilities, though
only Fan Wushang realizes this. In her short rule as the Jade
Censor, Hu Ji has collected more Relics than anyone in the
Empire, except for the Emperor.

Nature: Avant Garde

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Leadership 4, Martial Arts 4,
Mediation 3, Performance 3

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 2, Eunuch Central 3,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 4,
Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifact 5, Contacts 5, Eidolon 1,
Haunt 5, Status 4, Wealth 5

Passions: Collect as many relics as possible (Greed) 5, Serve
the Emperor (Fear) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Embody 4, Flux 5, Lifeweb 3, Outrage 3,
Puppetry 3, Way of the Artisan 4, Way of the Merchant 3
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Angst: 4

P'o: Pusher

Thorns: None

Dark Passions: Destroy all the relics (Vindictiveness) 3, Over-
throw the other Magistrates (Fear) 2

Merits / Flaws: Full of Life (4), Luck/Compulsion (Collect
relics), Overconfident

Image: More striking than beautiful, Hu Ji is a model of mod-
est, womanly comportment. While in the Jade Palace, she
dresses in a conservative manner. While visiting the prov-
inces, however, her wardrobe and demeanor change signifi-
cantly. She has a strong predilection for modern fashions and
has confiscated quite a wardrobe from the recently deceased.
Roleplaying Hints: You are the proverbial magpie. You just
love beautifully crafted objects of art and can not pass up any
opportunity to collect them. Your position as Jade Censor is a
means to an end, facilitating your passion for Relics of every
description. You have given standing orders to all Censors to
report particularly beautiful or useful Relics to your attention.

Although you present a strong traditional fagade at court,
you are really a free spirit and not beyond a little self-indul-
gence. You keep your vices under control, however, unlike
that slug Li Gao.

Quote: Your license on this relic is expired. I am afraid I shall
have to confiscate it.

Special: Hu Ji has every conceivable manner of relics, some
of which are extraordinarily dangerous. She is highly adept
at protecting herself physically, and has a relic or Artifact for
every occasion tucked away within easy reach.

Peng Xin

Killed in a skirmish during the Qing Dynasty, Peng Xin

quickly found his talents in demand in the Emperor's army.
Distinguishing himself for bravery and battle prowess, he rose
quickly through the ranks. The highlight of his soldiering
career came during the wars with Stygia, where he acquired
the reputation of a true war hero. He gained his current high
position during the closing days of World War II, after the
former Imperial Commander (General Wu), was "removed"
from office.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Director

4

The Well of Night: The Jade Palace 55


ae 6

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Empa-
thy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 4 (Assault rifle), Leadership 4,
Meditation 2, Melee 5, Repair 2, Stealth 3

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 1, Eunuch Central 3,
Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1 (Japanese), Medicine 2,

Occult 3, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Artifact 5, Contacts 3, Eidolon 3,
Haunt 5, Memorium 2, Status 5 (War hero), Wealth 3
Passions: Protect his family (Love) 4, Reach P'eng Lai (Re-
gret) 3, Serve the Emperor (Pride) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Fatalism 2, Keening 5 (War song), Moliate 3,
Outrage 4, Way of the Farmer 4, Way of the Soul 3
Willpower: 8

Pathos: 8

P'o: Teacher

Angst: 4

Thorns: Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Order all Peng's troops to destruction
(Megalomania) 4, Overthrow the Emperor (Fear) 1

Merits / Flaws: Code of Honor, Higher Purpose (Reach P'eng
Lai) / Dark Secret (Quest for P'eng Lai)

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Image: Sometimes referred to as the "Tiger of Qing," Peng
Xin looks the part. He is a massive man, standing a full
head taller than anyone else in the Jade Palace. For all his
mass, however, he moves with a sinewy, catlike grace. Peng
wears lightweight armor alloyed from True Jade and a
strange version of Stygian Steel. He has long, black hair
which he wears in a complex warrior's braid. Rarely seen
without his True Jade sword (a powerful War relic), at court
he wears a perpetual, imperious sneer, though this changes
when he is at home with his family.

Roleplaying Hints: You do not belong in this den of vi-
pers. You are an honest soldier, attempting to serve your
Emperor. You are disgusted by the corruption and deca-
dence of the city (especially the other Magistrates), but
there is little that you can do about it. A dozen petty gen-
erals seek your high position. If it were not for your loyalty
to the Emperor, they could have it. Ever since you killed
that holy man during the Fourth Rebellion, your heart is
no longer in the soldier's profession, though you still per-
form your duties well. Higher purposes now call you.

herr Holbein

Holbein was raised in the powerful merchant class of
the Holy Roman Empire in the 1550s. Despite his com-
mon origins, he quickly worked his way among the nobil-
ity through a combination of charm, luck and hard work.
He was posted as the ambassador to Queen Elizabeth's
court, until he was murdered by Spanish Tremere vampires,
for his part in the defeats of the Spanish Expedition in the
Netherlands. The nature of this death still manifests itself
in the appearance of his Corpus.

Like Fan Wushang, his fame as an ambassador preceded
him to the Shadowlands, and he soon found himself involved
in Stygia's elite diplomatic corp. Despite his bizarre appear-
ance Herr Holbein has made the best of his situation. He has
had several diplomatic coups over the centuries and was in-
strumental in forging Stygia's current peace treaty with the
Jade Kingdom. He has been posted at the Jade Palace since
the attack on Boston. Despite their differences, Herr Holbein
and Fan Wushang have a healthy respect for each other.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Dreamer

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance (See
below)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 4 (Implied), Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 5

Skills: Diplomacy 5, Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4,
Meditation 2, Melee 5 (Sword), Performance 3 (Violin),
Stealth 3


7

err Holbein

LN ae
=

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Law 3,

Linguistics 5, Occult 2, Politics 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Artifact 3, Contacts 5, Eidolon 2,

Haunt 5, Status 4 (In Stygia only), Wealth 5

Passions: Keep Peace (Fear) 4, Find new adventures

(Bravery) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Castigate 2, Fatalism 3, Inhabit 2, Intima-

tion 4, Keening 4, Mnemosynis 2, Moliate 4, Pandemonium 5

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 9

Shadow: Mr. Adventure

Angst: 4

Thorns: None

Shadow Passions: Spark a war (Ego) 4, Seduce Lei-Zu (Lust) 2
Merits / Flaws: Eidetic Memory, Self-Confident / Curiosity

Image: Herr Holbein's appearance is bizarre to say the least.
He is a walking, animated skeleton arrayed in finery familiar to
English courts between the reigns of Queen Elizabeth I and
Charles I. Inside his body burns an orange, Moliated flame
which casts eerie orange and purple shadows on everything in
his immediate vicinity (low lighting situations only). He is a
sweeping, grand gentleman-noble. Despite his odd appearance,
he is very well-respected in diplomatic circles. His appearance
has also not prevented him from becoming a successful "ladies'
man." Hu Ji has taken some notice of him and is intrigued.

ay ed

Roleplaying Hints: You are privately very concerned about
the current diplomatic situation. War between Stygia and the
Jade Empire is coming sooner or later. (Sooner, you think
and Stygia is nowhere near ready.) The Deathlords place far
too much faith in their Legions and the oceans which sepa-
rate the two Empires. They talk about a "policy of Contain-
ment." Hah! You wonder if there will be a Stygia in 20 years,
or just another conquered territory feeding the Emperor's
manias. With the disappearance of Charon, the Emperor's
interest in Stygia has increased precipitously.

You have reached your current, lofty position because of your
innate ability and because you are not afraid to get your finger
bones dirty. You pursue international diplomacy because you
find it intellectually stimulating and enjoyable. You find the
Jade Empire fascinating. Your respect for its people is balanced
by your fear of their Emperor. Ruthless when necessary, you
nevertheless prefer to gain your ends through peaceful means.

lei-Zu

Older by far than the Emperor, Queen Lei-Zu is still re-
membered fondly by the Chinese people as the wife of Huang-
Ti (the Yellow Emperor) and for "inventing" silk. After her
death Lei-Zu was a powerful and benign matriarch of wraith
society until the rise of Yu Huang. The Emperor razed her
palace, massacred her people and took her as part of his war
spoils. It amused the Emperor to make the queen just one
more of his courtesans. He did not predict the hold that she
would soon exert over him.

The Emperor is of two minds concerning his courtesans.
He alternates between tormenting and spoiling them.
Through both adoration and degradation, however, the queen
has persevered with dignity; her will remains unbroken. De-
spite her beauty and position, the queen is, in many ways, an
accessible human being. She has freedom to move about the
palace, and has friends among the lowest of the palace staff.
Many others fear to befriend her, however, for fear of the
Emperor's jealousy. The Emperor has justified this fear more
than once.
Position: "Favored" Courtesan (Former Sage-Queen)
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Survivor
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 9
(Captivating)
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Intimidation 4 (Implied), Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 5, Leadership 4, Meditation 4, Performance 4,
Stealth 3
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Law 4,
Linguistics 4, Occult 4, Politics 4


Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 2, Eidolon 5, Memorium 4,
Status 5

Passions: Guide the Emperor toward enlightenment (Pity) 5,
Protect other Courtesans (Compassion) 5

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Embody 2, Fatalism 4, Intimation 2,
Lifeweb 4, Mnemosynis 5 (Practiced unconsciously), Moliate
1 (Forbidden to practice it at higher levels), Way of the
Scholar 3, Way of the Soul 5

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

P'o: The Lover

Angst: 1

Thorns: None

Shadow Passions: Return the favor to the Emperor (Hate) 5,
Destroy all the other Courtesans (Envy) 2

Merits: Iron Will, Higher Purpose

Image: The beauty of Lei-Zu can freeze the soul. Her grace,
majesty and benevolence are celebrated throughout the Jade
Kingdom. She is slender and lithe like a school girl, yet her
eyes reflect the wisdom of the centuries. She is considered by
some (those who dare speak of it) to be the Emperor's great-
est work of art. Lei-Zu's appearance is the work of 100 Corpus

artisans, working slavishly for almost 2000 years. Despite this,
there is nothing "made-up" about her beauty, which seems to
spring forth naturally, as if from P'eng Lai itself. When an-
gered, the Emperor occasionally threatens to remove his "gift."
This threat means little to Lei-Zu.

Roleplaying Hints: Oh, yes. You know the Emperor of old.
You know him as no other person ever could. A gentle lover,
a demon in human form, a broken and piteous man. All the
high myths and rebel gossips cannot begin to describe him.
Mere words fall into a tangled and useless heap at his feet.
You have seen (and experienced) him inflicting the most sa-
distic and brutal tortures imaginable. You have seen him cry,
when one of his beloved animals fell, too soon, to Oblivion.
Like those animals, you are, in part, his creation; his play-
thing. Like the other courtesans, he considers you to be a
lump of molded clay, to be Moliated into whatever form suits
his inhuman desires. How can one so flawlessly embody de-
filement and tenderness in the same instant? The Emperor
dredges up the basest dross of your soul, laying it bare and
festering before you. He laughs like a schoolboy while doing
it. Your body has been stretched into so many imponderable,
alien contradictions, that you no longer have a "true form."
Yet, there is a part of you that he can never despoil. You have
seen that white light in your soul.

Violence of the spirit is a funny thing. He is the ocean, and
you are a mere stream. Yet, as he has engulfed you, you have
insinuated your way into his soul. The ocean depends on the
stream for nourishment. When waters are mixed, who is to
say what was once ocean and what was once stream? The
Emperor toys with making you his Empress, but that would
not change the reality of the situation. His subjects already
regard you as holy, yet underneath, there is pity in their eyes.
You are all too familiar with the goddess-whore paradox that
is your life. Still, perhaps you should not complain. Most of
his other courtesans fare far more poorly. The halls beneath
the palace ooze and flow with those he has "tired" of. Their
torment makes that of Eunuch Central pale by comparison.
Doing everything that you can to protect the others from this
fate, you are privy to his darkest secrets. Others in the palace
may spread rumors of a "stranger" from the living lands, who
consults with the king. You know his name.

Special: Some consider Lei-Zu to be even more divine than
the Emperor. She is a rallying point for many in the revolu-
tionary movement (especially those of The Thousand Eyes
and Hands). On one level the Emperor fears her more than
all the armies of the world. Lei-Zu is also sympathetic to any-
one victimized by the Emperor's security apparatus. She has
secretly intervened on several occasions (at great risk to her-
self) to free prisoners from the Emperor's dungeons, and even
has some sway in Feng-tu.

58 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures


The beauty of the Emperor's courtesans is the
stuff of legend. Once every five years the most beau-
tiful women from throughout the empire vie against
each other in a competition that has many of the
trappings of a western beauty contest. The compe-
tition takes place in the Jade Palace and only the
Emperor and his most favored servitors may attend.
Besides their beauty, contestants are judged by their
artistic talents, adherence to "traditional values" and
ceremonial decorum. All contestants must be man-
nerly and demure, The winner takes her place
within the harem. This prettified selection process
is, of course, a thin veneer to cover up the true na-
ture of the harem, which is one of degradation, hu-
miliation and physical abuse.

Some wraiths Moliate themselves, or their
loved ones, into less attractive forms, to avoid
this "beauty lottery." This practice is increasingly
widespread, despite the apparent honor of being
the Emperor's concubine. The Emperor's people
see his brutality in most every aspect of their daily
lives and few are naive enough to believe that he
behaves any differently in the boudoir.

Despite the widespread rumors of the Impe-
rial chamber of horrors, there is no shortage of
women who compete for this honor. Families of
women chosen for this honor are richly rewarded,
which explains their eagerness. Some families be-
gin grooming their daughters for the beauty lot-
tery the minute they remove their caul.

There are over 800 women attached ‘to the
Emperor's bedchamber staff. In addition to their
more "fleshly" duties, the courtesans are indispens-
able as window dressing for the Emperor, who
wishes to maintain at least the appearance of hu-
man behavior. In reality, however, the Emperor's
sexual proclivities bare little resemblance to those
of humanity, or even most wraiths. The Emperor
practices arts of sadism that would make the worst
of torturers cringe. He is particularly brutal towards
women, whom he considers inherently inferior to
men. He practices a combination of physical and

YA G7 =

mental torment, doling out precious crumbs of
hope to his courtesans, only to dash them a minute,
month or decade later. The Emperor particularly
enjoys using Moliation to "perfect" his harem. He
pursues a strange dichotomy with their visages,
placing the divine side by side with the repulsive.

All of his courtesans are, to the casual observer,
beautiful bSond compare (Appearance is 5). The
Emperor' artisans toil day and night to enhance their
beauty, creating a never ending panoply of beauty for
the Emperor' lustand amusement. Beneath this beauty,
however, the Emperor has inflicted a thousand spiri-
tual cuts on each woman. Each courtesan has at least
one "alternative self," often designed by the Emperor
as a cruel and clever satire on her p'o. Some observe
that many of the courtesans move unusually beneath
their robes, hinting at forms that are no longer human.
The degradation does not end here. In the privacy of
his chambers, the Emperor mixes Corpus, han and p'o
together with the skill ofa master chef. Each courtesan's
essence, her immutable soul, involuntarily combines
with those of others, distorting individuality and san-
ity. Although this violation has a patina of sexuality, in
reality it is simple brutality.

The Emperor's command of Moliate is such that
he does not need to be present for it to continue its
work. Even courtesans the Emperor has not seen in
years continue to metamorphose. The greatest hor-
shared by those the Emperor consigns to the
palace dungeons. Here hundreds of the Emperor's
courtesans boil and flow through each other in a
never ending paroxysm of pain that parodies sexual
pleasure. This pitiable creature is similar to Eunuch
Central in many ways and has a unified, though
insane, mind. It will lash out and attempt to engulf
any intruders in the dungeons, absorbing female
wraiths into the mass, while seducing and then ut-
terly destroying any males. (Male wraiths must make
a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, or be ensnared by the
hive-minid.) Despite the danger that these women
present, the Storyteller should remember that they
are still merely victims of the Emperor.

ror

The Well of Night: The Jade Palace


Protector #251-2a

.N NS wee

Fetters: None

Permanent Corpus: 5

Willpower: 4

Pathos: 5

P'o: Perfectionist

Angst: 7

Thorns: Infamy, Aura of Corruption

Dark Passions: Crash the System (Sadism) 3, Get the Bu-
reaucrat sent to Feng-tu (Self-Hatred) 2

Flaws: Compulsion (Giggling)

Image: Everyone's worst stereotype of a bureaucrat. Petty
and officious, he wears a conservative black robe, though
business suits are coming into vogue in the Ministry...
Roleplaying Hints: Boss man Chen thought he was a
big man when he beat you for stealing 10 years ago. Big
man won't be so big when his daughter is arrested for
treason and shipped to Feng-tu. You worked your way
up the ranks of the Protectors of the Prosperous Realm
and now you're in middle management! No one has
power like the man who does the paperwork. Poor Chen
won't even know why it's happening...until you tell him.
And won't that be sweet?

Special: Most MPR bureaucrats suffer nervous little
headaches.

Protector # 2517- 2a, Level ? Security Clearance

Your death was as miserable as your life. You were the

smallest one in school, always picked last in line, always

st. You learned

beaten up and ridiculed. But you learned

that even if you do not have power yourself, you can find
those who do and direct it. Far more weight is given to a
single MPR memo directed to Eunuch Central than to the
pleas of those it hurts.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

ical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 1, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4
(Implied), Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 5 (Shadows)
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 3, Eunuch Central 2, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 2, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 5 (MPR), Artifact 1, Contacts 5, Haunt 1
(Cubicle), Notoriety 1, Status 1, Wealth 3

Passions: Serve the Emperor (Fear) 4, Serve the MPR and
use the power it gives you (Vengeance) 5

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Fatalism 3, Keening 1, Moliate 1, Way of
the Farmer 2, Way of the Merchant 3, Way of the Scholar 3

ae 60 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures
&


Background: Court jester for both Yu Huang and his son after
him, Chan has been with the Emperor since the beginning. Ex-
ecuted by Chao Kao (a man notorious for his bad sense of humor),
Chan was immediately dragged before Yu Huang upon arriving in
the Yellow Springs. When the Emperor removed his caul, the first
thing Chan did was laugh. While Chan is protected, in part, by
the traditional sanctity of the jester, there is more to it than that.
Like Lei-Zu, the fool has a hold on the Emperor that has only
increased with time. Chan has more freedom than anyone in the
Jade Kingdom and frequently leaves the country for long periods
of time. He has picked up more than a few bad habits during his
sojourns, making him the despair of many of his fellow courtiers.
Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Jester

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5 , Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 6, Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Awareness 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 5, Subterfuge 5 (Impenetrable mumbo-jumbo)
Skills: Etiquette 4, Humor 5, Leadership 4, Martial Arts 5
(Drunken Monkey style), Meditation 5, Performance 5, Stealth 3
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 6, Law 2, Occult 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifact 5, Contacts 5, Status 3
Passions: Discover esoterica (Curiosity) 5, Subvert the Em-
pire through humor (Selflessness) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Castigate 2, Embody 5, Fatalism 5, Lifeweb
2, Moliate 5, Outrage 3, Pandemonium 4, Way of the Mer-
chant 3, Way of the Scholar 5

Fetters: Long since crumbled to dust

Permanent Corpus: 10
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 10

P'o: In harmony with hun, In reality, Chan should have Tran-
scended long ago, but doesn't wish to.

Angst: 0

Thorns: N/A

Shadow Passions: Identical to Passions

Merits / Flaws: Self Confident, Ambidextrous / Absent Minded
Image: Chan is a plain, wizened old man of indeterminate age
and modest height. He has long but wispy white hair and a thin
beard. He is potbellied and jovial, and usually wears an ill fitting,
orange robe. He appears to be far more colorful than most wraiths.
Unlike the Immortal Guard, however, his coloring is natural. His
very presence rekindles a sense of nostalgia in most wraiths for the
living days. Every limb and joint in Chan's body is capable of bend-
ing in every conceivable direction. While some find this disturb-
ing, most find his gait to be both strange and amusing. This ability
is believed to be a strange variation of the Arcanos Moliate, and it
allows him to perform truly amazing feats of comedic contortion.


Roleplaying Hints: Chan Kuo Ts'e told the story like this... A
tiger caught a fox. The fox said, "You wouldn't dare eat me! The
gods in Heaven have made me the leader of all animals. It would
be a violation of the gods' mandate for you to make a meal of
me. If you doubt it, let me walk in front, and you follow to see if
any animal dares stand his ground." The tiger consented and
went with the fox, nose to heels. Every animal that saw them
fled. Amazed, and agreeing that the fox was leader of all the
animals, the tiger went on his way... Now, I forget the moral of
this story, but I think it has something to do with the Emperor...
Quote: Release the prisoners! (Done in the Emperor's voice)

Special: Chan is the friend and confidant of Queen Lei- Zu, as
the two have much in common. Chan also has the unfortu-
nate tendency to make the Emperor laugh at the most inop-
portune times, yet has always miraculously escaped punishment.
Storyteller's Note: Use Chan only if the characters are in
dire need of aid.

qhe Comedies of Chan

Theatre in the Jade Kingdoms can be politely
called "safe." E play must go through an MPR
committee and pass i contents-loyalty
tests. Theo pla ave any
sive" content in them are the Comedies of Chan.
While they never directly satire the Emperor, they
do poke gently at the Magistrates and other power
structures. The Emperor is wise enough to allow
his people at least this one small escape valve of
rebellion. It lets them blow off some steam, and
for this reason they are very popular with the
hedge-nobility.

rigorous
y "subver-

What the Emperor and his Censors don't re-
alize is that the play
versive than they seem. They are white-hot d
gers of satire aimed di )
but only those who already dislike the Emperor
will see this. They act as a secret language (to
understand the subversive subtext, the characters

are considerably more sub-

language me e decoded by those who are
either actively looking for it or are seriously dis-
gruntled with the Imperial reign. All who accom-
plish this task will be able to recogniz

also in on the joke, and thus the Comedies of

others who

uf:

,

Story ideas

What kind of adventures the players have in the Jade
Palace depends on where their loyalties lie. Are they
members of the rebellion or are they loyal to the Em-
peror? Despite popular perceptions of the Jade Palace as
an impenetrable fortress, there are some quiet — and not
so quiet — dissenters within.

Loyalist Adventures:

The Assassin: The MRP has discovered that foreign
provocateurs (most probably those dogs from Stygia or
the City of Delights) have sent an assassin to kill the
beloved Emperor. The assassin is within the Jade Palace,
but is almost impossible to detect. He is a "Manchurian
Candidate" and doesn't even know he is an assassin. He
is in a high position and possesses a "soul blade" (a pow-

erful Tainted relic). This blade, similar to the one Choi

forged for the last assassination attempt on the Emperor,

is even rumored to be capable of harming Yu Huang.

Revolt: There has been a spontaneous revolt in the
passages of the Jade Palace. The revolt was small and eas-
ily repressed, but such an occurrence is still unprecedented
and disturbing to loyal subjects everywhere. None of the
participants could tell why they revolted. Furthermore, the
players of the great game are already maneuvering for what-
ever political advantage might be gained from the shock-
ing event. After all, those who are linked with the revolt
will certainly be sent to Hell, leaving openings in high
places in the Magistracies. The players must root out the
source of the insurrection before it happens again or suspi-
cion is cast upon them.

Little White Flowers: Little white flowers are appear-
ing all over the city. At first contained within the city's
botanical gardens, they are now growing elsewhere and
sprouting faster than they can be removed. The Emperor's
soothsayers have examined them and can only reach one
conclusion; the flowers are somehow alive. They are strange
extrusions from the Skinlands, and the MRP believes that
they are somehow connected to the Dreamspeaker mage,
Apina and the Third Great Revolt (see Dark Kingdom of
Jade for more details). The blossoms are insidious. One
whiff allows the user to dream vividly of her living days.
This subversive growth must stop, even if the characters
must bring the battle to the Skinlands.

Rebel Adventures:

Break-Out: The players have all been arrested, but for
some reason, not sent to Feng-tu. (Perhaps one is a talented
artist, or a great beauty and hence caught the eye of some-
one in power. Perhaps they have valuable and timely infor-


mation about a rebellion.) Imprisoned in one of the Jade
Palace's many dungeons to await sentencing, they escape
through the manipulations of a secret friend in high places.

The players must now either fight their way out of the Jade
Palace, or sneak under the noses of the Immortal Guard.

Reconnaissance Mission: The characters are part of
arebel mission to contact the Spirits of the Jade Machine.
They must do this without raising the suspicions of the
Protectors of the Prosperous Realm, who are launching
an investigation into certain recent "anomalies." While

in the city, the Spirits of the Jade Machine give the play-
ers an Artifact (a White Jade statue of a dragon) which
they claim will allow them to circumvent the palace's
barriers. This will allow the rebels permanent, remote
communication with them, and the players are charged
with transporting the Artifact to a contact in the Fist of
Nippon; however, they must get out of the palace first.
To make matters worse, someone in the Spirits of the Jade
Machine has informed the Empire as to the characters'
presence and true mission.


a

What we look for beyond seeing
And call the unseen,
Listen for beyond hearing
And call the unheard,
Grasp for beyond reaching
And call the withheld,
Merge beyond understanding
in a oneness
Which does not merely rise and give light,
ry Does not merely set and leave darkness,

loa ' & forever sends forth a succession of living things as mysterious 4

a‘ ae As the unbegotten existence to which they return, =

= | — lao Tsu. [e Ching
aN




A Hope in Hell, or The

Mask and

he Mirror

by Ben Chessell

The Yellow Emperor said: When my spirit goes through its
door, and my bones return to the root from which they grew, what

will remain of me?
— Chang Tzu

asks and mirrors are things which affect

the ways in which we see ourselves and

H| the way others see us. Masks are a face

which is not ours which we show to oth-

ers. Mirrors are tools we use to look at

ourselves. This story is about what is be-

~~ hind the mask and what shows in the

mirror. A secondary theme, associated with both masks and

mirrors, is vanity, that of the characters and of various in-

habitants of Ti Yu

This story also revolves around images of decay and

fracture. The wraiths rebuild a mirror which has been bro-

ken. Yuan-Shen is disgusted by the decay of the hell which

he built. Things are falling apart, the center cannot hold,

and the characters must escape the corruption or forever
become a part of it.

Finally, imprisonment is also an important idea in the
story. The wraiths and many they interact with are prisoners
in Ti Yu, and Yuan-Shen is a prisoner in his mirror. His free-
dom enables the wraith's freedom and should raise questions
about whether some things are not better left entrapped.

Mood

Any story told in Hell is likely to have a dark mood,
but the mood of this story, however unlikely it seems, is one
of hope. There is hope for the wraiths trapped in Earth
Prison, hope of both escape and redemption. In the charac-
ters of the fox-merchant and the saintly kuei-go trainer, the
characters are shown that good can exist even in the depths
of Hell. Even the lowest station offers opportunities for re-
demption, and even the darkest pits of Hell can be escaped.

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror 679


Meow 56. :

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

\) <—Z =

Hellish Histo

Z \G¥ gi Ithough Ti-tsang Wang is the ruler of Hell,
4) he was not responsible for its construc-
tion. Before even the time of Yen-Lo
Wang, Yu Huang had many powerful ser-
4) vants. The construction of Hell was over-
seen by a wraith named Yuan-Shen, a
wealthy and self-important tyrant who
was perfect for managing the ambitious project. Universally
feared by the slaves and workers on the site, he managed to
construct the entirety of Yu-Huang's vision within the severe
time restrictions prescribed by the uncompromising Emperor.
It was whispered that Yuan-Shen was almost a Spectre and
that the difference between him and his p'o was so negligible
that he might as well be one. As if to offer evidence, his face
was terrifying to look upon. Moliated beyond all recognition,
it was a grotesque parody of the living man's visage, with

stretched, masklike features and piercing green eyes. Indeed,
the legendary face of Yuan-Shen has become a popular sub-
ject for the mask makers of modern Ti Yu.

Yuan-Shen possessed an Artifact in the shape of a mir-
ror. This mirror was his most valued possession — a full
length looking glass in a teak frame. The mirror was, among
other things, a portal into the Tempest, through which
Yuan-Shen would throw wraiths who had particularly dis-
pleased him. Another property of the fabulous mirror was
its ability to show the true form of any who looked into its
swirling depths. The effects of age, mutilation and
Moliation simply fell away, and the face of youth and health
looked back. Yuan-Shen looked in this mirror every day
and for a moment forgot what he had become, but alas,
the rumors about him were not far from the truth. His p'o
quickly tore him from his reverie and back to his calling as
the masterbuilder of Hell.

Yuan-Shen was unaware of the machinations of his p'o,
as so many wraiths tragically are. Perhaps, had he known,
he would not have cared because, apart from the short peri-
ods following rest in which he would gaze into the mirror,
he was nearly a servant of Oblivion already. Whenever he
gazed at the image of his former self, Spectres would gather
on the other side of the mirror and feed on the dark emo-
tions which poured from his soul. The shadow-eaten would
also take the opportunity to communicate (at first secretly,
but later openly) with Yuan-Shen's p'o, with results that can
be observed in Hell's every angle and building.


As the construction of Ti-Yu came to an end, Yuan-Shen
became increasingly unstable and his p'o was in control more
often than not. When the last stone was laid and his work
was over, Yuan-Shen retired to his pavilion to look into his
mirror. Their time having arrived, the Spectres gathered ea-
gerly on the other side to await their newest brother. As Yuan-
Shen watched the image of beauty before him, the Spectres
revealed themselves leering in the background. Yuan-Shen's
p'o, arrogant in its strength, attempted to seize control and
step through the mirror to join his comrades in the Tempest.
Yuan-Shen realized what was happening too late to save him-
self, but soon enough to prevent leaving behind an open gate-
way to the Tempest as he vanished.

At the last minute he struggled with his p'o and twisted
in its grasp. The mirror shattered with a sound like thunder
and the five pieces fell to the floor. Yuan-Shen himself was
broken apart and trapped in the shards of the mirror, now
fully a Spectre but imprisoned until the day when the mirror
would be rebuilt. Until that time, he was trapped among end-
less reflections of himself as he was, brooding.

The wraiths who found the shattered Artifact divided
the pieces up amongst themselves, for the fragments retained
their property of true seeing. The story of the mirror was for-
gotten, and the pieces came to be little more than amusing
trinkets or tools.

Outline

At the beginning of this story the characters are prison-
ers in Ti Yu, Earth Prison. They have been sent to Hell. Why
they are there is not important. The Storyteller can use this

story as the conclusion to a series of stories or even a chronicle
set in the depressing confines of Ti Yu. It could also be the
start of a chronicle, with all the players generating characters
which are for some reason prisoners in Ti Yu, condemned to
long, perhaps infinite, sentences. As the escape from Hell is
the likely outcome of this story it is more suited to be used as
the beginning of a chronicle, providing the Storyteller with a
good premise to get the characters together, or as the conclu-
sion to a mini-chronicle in which pre-established characters
are sent to Ti Yu for crimes real or imagined.

During A Hope in Hell, the characters obtain a piece of
the mirror of Yuan-Shen and learn something of its story. What
they learn is at least enough to convince them of the impor-
tance of searching for the other pieces. Through various means
they obtain these pieces and reconstruct the mirror. If this is
done properly, they then must face the ancient Spectre Yuan-
Shen, and perhaps by doing so escape the tortures of Ti Yu.
Although the first scene at the Pits must begin this story, and
the most satisfactory conclusion is some kind of confrontation
with Yuan-Shen (followed by an escape through the rebuilt

o

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror


mirror) the intervening scenes can occur in whatever order
seems natural. Also, other events and stories can be interposed
between the scenes of this story, turning it into the framework
for a mini-chronicle within the bounds of Ti Yu.

Scene One:

The wraiths have been chosen to fight in gladiatorial com-
bat for the entertainment of the workers of Ti Yu. This kind of
sport is common throughout the hells and many wraiths meet
their end on the point of a blade wielded by the professional
gladiators. They meet or defeat a strange gladiator who not only
refrains from killing them, but gives them a piece of the mirror.

Scente Two:

In an effort to learn more about the mirror and to find
other pieces, the wraiths visit the Exchange. This is an infor-
mal marketplace where the prisoners and slaves of Ti Yu sell
whatever pitiful goods they have. Just as the prisons of the
Quick have strange economies based on cigarettes and the
like, Ti Yu has an economy based on rubble, debris and Pa-
thos. They encounter a strange wraith, Shou, who runs a stall
of trinkets and who knows more about the mirror than they.

Scene Three:

Having discovered a chance for escape, the wraith
for the other pieces of the mirror. Because of the true-s
properties of the fragments they are not too difficult to locate,
but their owners are not usually willing to part with them. The
next piece they find belongs to a kuei-go trainer, Chang. Chang

eing

uses his shard of the mirror as a surgical knife to clean the
wounds of kuei-go and keepers alike. He can be persuaded to
sell his piece if the wraiths can procure a better blade.

Scene four:

Standing on a low pillar, inside the main gates of Ti
is a ceremonial stone elephant, taken as plunder from the
Shadowlands of India or somewhere similar in some forgotten
campaign. The elephant is covered in small bits of mirror and
sooner or later the wraiths may think to look here fora piece. The
elephant itself should be subtly mentioned by the Storyteller in
passing in the early stages of this story (and in previous stories),
and the characters should come here on their own initiative.

Scene five:

The last piece of the mirror (though the wraiths do not
necessarily obtain the pieces in the order presented here)
belongs to Ma Mien, the Horseface Demon, and is used by
that creature as a torture device — revealing to horribly de-
formed wraiths their former visage and then confronting them
with their current monstrous nature. To this end, Ma Mien

70 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

(u there

has created an entire chamber full of mirrors. All but one of
these mirrors serve as regular mirrors but they are cut in ir
regular shapes, much like the shapes of the shards that the
characters are seeking. Stealing the shard from this Hall of
Mirrors is a difficult and dangerous exercise.

Scene Six:

The wraiths are the subject of a huge hunt through Ti
Yu, as by this stage their theft has been discovered. Kuei-go
are provided with the characters' scent and released in hunt-
ing packs. Guards and slaves search in armed parties. There
is probably at least one confrontation in which the wraiths
must gain victory quickly, lest the main hunt catch up with
and overwhelm them. The fragments of mirror which by now
they possess may help them overcome the kuei-go.

Scene Seven:

The wraiths rebuild the mirror, fitting the pieces into
the teak frame or laying them carefully on the ground. They
then come face to face with the ancient wraith Yuan-Shen.
Yuan- Shen, in his solitude, has long since fully transformed
into a Spectre. He is a formidable opponent, but if they are
clever the wraiths can avoid combating him altogether.

The mirror, when rebuilt, is a gateway to the Tempest. The
wraiths can plunge through, perhaps to be lost in the swirling Spec-
tral chaos but at least out of Ti Yu. Alternatively, if your vision is
particularly bleak, the mirror is not a portal to anywhere. The
only chance the wraiths have for escape is to flee in the turmoil
created by the rampaging Yuan-Shen. If the characters do escape
this way, then in some ways the mirror is a portal after all.

The Story

Getting the characters involved:

his story works best if the players have been

inhabitants of Ti Yu, prisoners or slaves, for
some time. If this is the case then it is sim-
ply decreed that their dwelling area is over-
4) crowded and, to make room for some new

BAe

arrivals, the characters are rounded up and
sent to the Pits. Alternatively, the wraiths
could be new arrivals sent straight to the Pits for immediate
processing. It is a simple matter under the repressive regime of
the Jade Emperor, to have wraiths condemned to Ti Yu for
crimes real, imagined or invented. Once they are there, the
fate of prisoners is of little interest to the rest of the Yellow
Springs, and the authorities of Ti Yu are given a free hand to
take whatever "administrative" measures they will.


Otel

Scene One: The Pits

The pits of Ti Yuare home toa thriving gladiator culture and
gambling industry. Wraiths of varied social significance in the hi-
erarchy of hell come here to place bets and watch violence. The
pits are sponsored by the Empire as they provide a distraction for
the slaves, an easy way of being rid of some prisoners perma-
nently and a means of controlling the flow of currency through
the inhabitants of Ti Yu. Here prisoners duel professional fight-
ers, usually much better armed and more highly skilled than
themselves, while the drooling patrons watch and jeer.

The gladiators are usually successful prisoners who are
skilled and bloody enough to maintain their elevated and
dangerous position and the privileges which come with that
status. Some, however, are volunteers from within or even
from outside Ti Yu who have come to the arenas for their
own unimaginable reasons. Since the prisoners they fight are
not armed with weapons of Jade, their position is safer than it
might first appear, but neither is their life expectancy par-
ticularly long. Most are so close to Oblivion that they would
not survive a Harrowing should their wounds condemn them
to one. All wear masks and some rudimentary armor; all are
armed with knives, blades and hooks of True Jade or even (in
rare cases) exotic and highly valuable Stygian Steel.

The wraiths who fight them are sometimes offered free-
dom as reward for victory, though few competitors have ever
gained this prize as the odds are highly stacked against them.
More usually the reward for victory is a limited freedom — the
tight to wander Ti Yu as a prisoner but not to be assigned to
any particular hell or torture. This is an easy gift for the au-
thorities to give. As these wanderers do not usually live long
and do not appear on any of the lists of Hell, they do not pose
an administrative responsibility. Periodically the soldiers of Ti
Yu purge the ranks of these dispossessed prisoners and send the
troublemakers to be made into White Jade. It is this limited
freedom which the wraiths in this story achieve, allowing them
to move around enough collect the pieces of the mirror.

The characters form part of a group of 10 or so wraiths who
are to be the sport this day. The group is herded into a pen,
stripped to the most basic apparel and then given the chance to
select a weapon from a variety of assorted, decaying instruments,
implements and weapons. Nothing of any quality is to be found
on the iron rack but all can be used with either the Melee or the
Brawl skill (difficulty 7, Damage Strength + 1). During this en-
tire process the crowd gathers above on the rim of the pit, ex-
changing jade coins and other valuables. Some of the trinkets
which are later to be seen in the Exchange might first be glimpsed
by a wraith as they change hands over a wager. About five gladi-
ators (one for every two prisoners) stand, relaxed at the other
side of the pit. They all wear masks and sport gleaming weapons
of jade. One mask in particular catches the wraiths' attention. It
is a wide, grinning, face with pointed lips and red, glowing eyes.

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror 71

é

=——

mary
i), ‘1

«(


Unless the characters have some special knowledge they are
unlikely at this point to know it as a rendition of the face of
Yuan-Shen. It is not critical that this fact is discovered, and the
echo between this mask and the face the characters see in the
f repaired mirror at the end of the story can remain a mystery.

eu After barely enough time to get acquainted with their weap-
‘ ons, the wraiths are ushered into the arena by a jailer with a rather
demonic looking face. Then, the brutal spectacle begins. The com-
bat should be played out dramatically with players making die rolls
v2: and sustaining and inflicting damage until one of the characters is
close to death. The gladiators are well trained, rested and fully
equipped while the prisoners are inadequately trained, tired and
poorly equipped. It should benno contest, and the additional prise
oners with the characters will be cut down almost immediately,

The outcome of the combat is likely to depend entirely on
the skill of the wraiths controlled by the players. By the time
one of the players has taken a serious wound most of the other

prisoners are destroyed, their Corpus rent in tatters from the vi-
cious strokes of the lethal weapons. A few of the gladiators might
have sustained some wounds, depending on how the wraiths
<< performed. The fight looks grim for the remaining prisoners.
\ As the spectators jeer above and spit with dry throats over
SN the heads of the combatants, something snaps inside the gladiator
with the mask of Yuan-Shen. Perhaps it is the constant brutality, |
perhaps a strong reaction against his p'o, perhaps his miserable
wes condition becomes too much for him to bear or maybe it is some
effect of the shard of mirror which he carries; the characters will
never know. Taking his razor sharp, curved sword he spits another
gladiator messily from behind. With the return stroke he beheads
another, evening the odds considerably. His two remaining col-
leagues are quicker than the others and parry his rain of blows,
driving him back into the corner with sheer strength and animal
efficiency. The end for him is sharp and painful. While they are so
engaged, the characters have the opportunity to strike the unde-
fended backs of their oppressors, and also to pick up the weapons
of the two destroyed gladiators (Large blades wielded with Melee
skill for Strength + 3 damage). Even if they do not take this ad-
mittedly ignoble opportunity, the odds are now in their favor and
they have access to effective weapons. It is likely that at the con-
clusion of the battle, amidst the yelling, shouting and brawling
over the unexpected outcome, the characters attempt to discover |
why their enemy suddenly became their mysterious benefactor.

RSS

q The gladiator will be barely conscious when the characters reach

"4 him. Mercury plasm spills from the holes in his coppery flesh in great

¢ gouts. His gaze is peaceful, if pained and he has few words to offer,

4 i being less than eloquent. This is no poignant poet's death. He pulls

the shard of the mirror from beneath his jade breastplate and slips
iY Vy the chain on which it hangs from around his neck. Handing it to
Z " the wraiths he tells them that they should use this to escape hell. He |

= also asks that they take word of him to a lover, a mortal woman

SS Yui. named Mai Lin, and tell her that he still remembers her. If the wraiths

should ever seek this woman in the crowded Skinlands, they will

O% A discover that she died over 100 years ago, childless and alone.


If the gladiator is pressed, and if the players are the kind
who benefit from direct assistance, this unnamed benefac-
tor might mention the name of Shou and the Exchange be-
fore he coughs quietly and expires. The wraiths are herded
out of the pit by guards with bad grace and let free to wan-
der Ti Yu, prisoners still but not slaves. They are only al-
lowed to retain the weapons of True Jade if they conceal
them from the guards, otherwise these are confiscated,
deemed (rightly) too dangerous to be in the possession of
prisoners at large.

Typical Gladiator

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1 (almost
)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Talents: Brawl 4, Dodge 3

Skills: Melee 4

Knowledges: Medicine 2

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Moliate 4, Outrage 2

Permanent Corpus: 10

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

Equipment: Weapons of Jade (Strength +3 Damage) and
Armor rating 2.

always wear mz

Sy:

nae

FN

Scene TWo: = i Treasure

Having been emancipated to some degree, the charac-
ters will find themselves adrift on the streets of Earth Prison.
However, there is not much to do in Hell, at least without
cash, and the characters will find their options limited. Even-
tually, whether through their own initiative or the hints of
the fallen gladiator, they will end up at the Exchange.

This rather unauspicious name belongs to a bazaar, a market
of all conceivable goods that might be traded by the inhabitants
of Ti Yu. Not much of real value is sold here, and not much real
coinage changes hands. Many pitiful peddlers trade trinket for
trinket in a never ending cycle of profit and loss. Occasionally
some relic or Artifact of dubious pedigree finds its way to the Ex-
change and it is always bought for a mound of trinkets and bric-a-
brac by a representative of Ti-Tsang Wang. This refreshes the trin-
ket trade and redresses any imbalance caused by the truly valuable
object. The only time a buyer can get a true bargain is when the
vendor does not know the worth of her goods. As wraiths do not
eat or have any vital goods of any kind, there is no trade in
staples which supports the Exchange, merely a ceaseless barter-
ing and squabbling over the worth of things that are worthless.
There is a darker side to the bazaar. Occasionally slaves are sold
here for sums of white jade, to buyers who take them hence,
perhaps out of hell completely to an unknown fate. The authori-
ties turn a blind eye to this practice as it is small enough to be
easily controlled, and they extract a heavy tariff under the table.

The Exchange occupies a large hall in a backwater of the
huge city of Ti Yu. Merchants and peddlers set up their stalls on
cloth on the ground, or tables if they are lucky, and often dwell in
a hovel in the dark recesses of the hall. The noise is constant and
predictable. Arguing, bargaining and indignant groaning all add
together to create a frightening racket. When the characters ar-
rive they are plunged into the middle of it all, overwhelmed with
vendors who wish to sell them anything and (apparently) every-
thing. Newcomers are always tested for gullibility and purse size.

The characters, having been offered nothing of any interest (a
bone in a bottle, a length of string, the head of a small image of the
budda, etc.) will either search for Shou or stumble across him by
accident. He is not difficult to find, kneeling behind a low board
covered in pieces of colored stone and other clutter. In the middle
of the collection, given pride of place, is a broken piece of mirror.

Show

Shou is not quite a wraith, although it is unclear what ex-
actly he is. The wraiths need never know. Perhaps he is a reformed
Spectre, perhaps he is a Changeling who has been slain with Cold
Iron, perhaps he is a rare kind of Chinese spirit which is not quite
any of those things; all of these rumors run rampant through the
alleys of the Exchange. What is important is that he is an enig-
matic figure, a trickster, and that he is neither allied with nor op-
posed to the'characters. He fulfills the important role in the story
(one taken from traditional Chinese folklore) of the unknowable,

A Hope in ee or The Mask and the Mirror 73


but also wise character, and the Storyteller should keep this in
mind when deciding what he will and will not reveal.

In life, Shou was a fox spirit, a manifestation of nature, a half
person. In death — and he has been dead for some time — he
maintains the temperament he possessed in life. He is mysterious,
cunning, gentle and cheerful. He is not a true wraith, and as such
has no p'o. He is a wanderer and a mysterious figure. It is not nec
sary for the characters to know even this much about him, and it is
best ifhe and his interest in the mirror remain mysterious. Shou will
bargain with the characters because he is the kind of figure who
must precipitate action rather than perform it. The mirror is his
escape from Hell, but he is incapable of finding that escape himself.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Judge
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3
Knowledges: Occult 4
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 5, Eidolon 3
Passions: Find a way out of Hell (Fear) 3, Help others (Generosity) 2
Arcanoi: Argos 3, Usury 3
Permanent Corpus: 10
Willpower: 8
Pathos: 8

74 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Image: Shou is a small man with darkish skin. His fea-
tures are pointed and sharp, his eyes penetrating. He speaks
quickly but not carelessly and listens when the wraiths speak
only so long as they interest him. Otherwise he interrupts
and takes the conversation where he wants it to go. If the
wraiths see Shou's reflection in either piece of mirror they
see a sleek fox head upon his shoulders, the fur oily and black.
Rolepaying Hints: Shou is a shrewd but fair merchant.
He knows instinctively the value of any purchase to the
buyer, as opposed to its value to him. He will not scam a
customer but neither will he accept a loss. Given the po-
tential worth of the mirror to the characters, he will de-
mand a high price. If, as is highly likely for inhabitants of
Hell, the characters have nothing of value to trade with
him, they can visit the Usurer (below) and pay at least two
levels of Corpus each to satisfy Shou.
Shou will tell the wraiths a little about their purchase.

The extent of the background that seems appropriate for
the Storyteller to reveal is here outlined by Shou. Shou
should be played by the Storyteller with constant regard
to his function. He is not a free source of information but
rather an inscrutable figure who always conceals more than
he reveals. If the characters questions become too direct,
Shou's answers become all the more obscure. The answer
to the question "How do we escape from Hell?" for example,
might be met with the answer. "Escape is an illusion. It is
all done with mirrors."

If the wraiths have nothing to trade with Shou for his shard
they can visit the Usurer who sets up shop at the very end of
the market. The queue is very long with wraith lining up to
sell their Pathos and their Corpus to this man in exchange for

something which they can trade. It is a pitiful group and more
sensitive wraiths might be put off by the whole scene. Those
that pers:

qhe Usurer

The Usurer, a short, fat wraith with a dripping mous-
tache and an official seal of Ti-Tsang Wang, has a simple sys-
tem of fees. Every Corpus level converted into stored Pathos
will cost the wraith an additional Corpus level. If the wraiths
subject themselves to the painful process the Usurer provides
them with a piece of glass, containing the number of points
they requested, which they may now trade with Shou.

vere eventually reach the front of the queue.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Director

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Occult 4


Arcanoi: Usury 5, Moliate 2

Permanent Corpus: 7

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 10

P'o: The Leech

Angst: 7

Thorns: Bad Luck, Aura of Corruption

Dark Passions: Destroy all his clients (Contempt) 3, Drain
every last soul in Hell (Greed) 2

Equipment: A set of scales and various pieces of rubble which
can be used as temporary reservoirs for Pathos.

Image: A fat, sloppy profiteer who's made his fortune off of
the backs of the prisoners of Hell, the Usurer doesn't even
remember his own name any more. He's dressed well and al-
most obscenely fat — his countenance merely emphasizes his
parasitic nature. Spiderlike is the term most often used to
describe him.

Roleplaying Hints: It's all strictly business, nothing personal.
They have the commodity and you have the talents to make
it usable. Your particular talents are supposed to be forbid-
den, but by slipping choice bits of Pathos to the Lords of Hell
you do quite nicely for yourself. Besides, what can they do to
you — send you to Hell?

Where to from here? The wraiths may
have established sources of information
but most likely will have to ask others to
find the remaining shards of the mirror.
They can now describe the shards in gen-
eral appearance and size, although they
can only guess that all five shards are of
roughly equal size (this is in fact true).
They can also mention that the mirror
reveals the viewer's former appearance. If
they ask more questions at the Exchange,
they will learn that another shard of the
mirror was here some time ago and Was
purchased by one of the kuei-go trainers,
and for a fair price too. Further inquiries
elsewhere in Ti Yu will reveal that the
Horseface Demon possesses a hall full of
mirrors, some of which are perhaps simi-
lar to those which the characters describe.
Finally, if the presence of the elephant
cannot easily be subtly woven into the
story then another inhabitant of the city
might mention it. Depending on where
the wraiths make their inquiries, and what
their priorities are, they may play through
scenes three, four and five in any order. If
things are slowing down, the Storyteller
can initiate scene six, the hunt, earlier and
play out the remaining scenes in a fast
paced, dramatic fashion. Alternatively,
the investigation to discover the kuei-go
trainer and the Horseface Demon's mir-
ror-torture room might be the work of
several sessions of play. The details of
these encounters are unimportant, and
the Storyteller is left to make them as
easy or difficult as she desires.

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror

7.


The pens where the kuei-go are drilled and reared, in the
Keeper's Quarter, are not pretty. The twin stenches of fear
and anguish batter the senses of the characters long before
they see the place, a vast tangle of iron bars and shanty huts
that reverberate with the howls of kuei-go and the crack of
whips. Finding Chang without knowing his name involves
shrewd questioning of some of the other trainers, all of whom
are all cruel and unhelpful to outsiders. All are suspicious of
questioners and all are intensely jealous of each other. They
won't tell the wraiths anything about Chang unless there is
something in it for them, and a series of threats and bribes is
needed for the wraiths to make any headway. This might re-
mind the characters of the periodic explosions of graffiti on
the walls of Ti Yu, commenting on the fact that all the guards
take bribes. When the wraiths are finally directed to Chang,
by a particularly greedy and smelly trainer whose tongue lolls
from his mouth in a way that makes him look like one of his
charges, they find that Chang is different from the villains
that surround him. They are instantly sure, however, that
Chang is the wraith they have come to see.

Chang can be found sitting cross-legged in the dust of a
pen with a kuei-go across his lap. Plasm bleeds profusely from

the great rent in its side, spilling across Chang's hands and legs
in silvery waves. The trainer holds the animal with one arm
and with the other cuts small pieces of Corpus from the edge of
the wound. His tool, although it is somewhat obscured by sil-
very-ted kuei-go "blood" is a shard of the mirror. Chang doesn't
answer any questions until he has finished his work, sewing
the wound shut with a huge needle and a grimy piece of thread.
Then, leaving the wounded kuei-go to recover, he turns to the
characters and eyes them suspiciously. Strangers are uncom-
mon in the Keeper's Quarter, and usually not welcome.
Storyteller Note: Chang, like Shou, has a particular role
in the story. He is the good man trapped in a sea of sordid
villainy. Chang is a veterinarian and doctor to the kuei-go
and their trainers, and though they express little thanks, they
would be outraged if anything were to happen to him. Using
violence to obtain the mirror from Chang is suicidal.
Chang's nature is the key to success for the wraiths. He
will give them the mirror if he thinks that they have some-
thing which makes his task easier and more successful (pre-
sumably a blade of some kind, and perhaps a means to keep
it clean). The Storyteller should not suggest this to the char-
acters but play out the conversation with Chang, showing
the characters his essential goodness, and perhaps throwing
some of their own weaknesses into sharp view. In this way

2 a)


Chang is a mirror, for when the characters see his virtue
they may become acutely aware of their own faults. Of
course, certain p'os will take full advantage of this...

Eventually Chang trades the mirror for the blade the wraiths
provide, although he is at pains to point out the shard's value to
him. He knows that the Horseface Demon has a similar item
which he uses to torture his victims and feels that it is somehow
appropriate that he uses his piece of glass to heal. When search-
ing for an appropriate trade item, the characters might obtain a
suitable blade from the Exchange. Shou has one which is suit-
able (though that would cost them considerable Corpus and
anguish) or they might have been clever enough to keep one or
more of the gladiators weapons of True Jade.

Chang is not as shrewd as Shou and it might be pos-
sible to swindle him, although the characters should be made
to feel very guilty if they do this. Their p'os will be quite
happy to plague them with images of him struggling on with
his work regardless of the hardship caused by the inferior
knife they traded him, and of all of the additional pain their
greed has caused.

Chang

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Martyr

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2

Knowledges: Medicine 3

Passions: Heal the hurts of others (Pity) 4, Help the other
denizens of Ti Yu (Sorrow) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Keening 2, Way of the Farmer 3

Fetters: None

Permanent Corpus: 8

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

P'o: The Parent

Angst: 4

Thorns: Bad Luck

Dark Passions: Sic the kuei-go on Chang's masters (Hate) 4,
Kill each of the Bad Dogs (Contempt) 2

Equipment: Chang's only possession is the shard of mirror.
Image: Chang is a kuei-go trainer in rags, tatters and patches.
He's a good vet trapped in Hell. His face is long and thin, and
his expression is that of one who has simply seen too much.
Roleplaying Hints: Be very suspicious of anyone outside
the circle of Trainers. They may not be friendly, but
they're a familiar form of unfriendly. Speak softly and
guard your true feelings, but your great compassion for
others will shine through.

Scene Four: The Elephant

Although listed as scene four, this scene occurs when-
ever the wraiths think to come here, prompted by the
subtle clues implanted by the Storyteller in the early
stages of the story (or in previous stories in Ti Yu). If the
Storyteller has a penchant for last minute dramatics this
scene can be effective at the end of A Hope In Hell, as the
wraiths attempt to find the right piece and pry it out with
packs of kuei-go on their trail.

The elephant is larger than life size, made of black
stone with 1000 pieces of mirror inset. It has an Indian
feel about it, and was brought to Ti Yu as plunder in a for-
gotten war. Battalions of slaves dragged it here along the
long and dry road and stored it in the shadows inside the
inner gate of Ti Yu, where it stands neither prominent nor
obscure. The elephant is a permanent fixture of the court-
yard and no wraith ever gives it a second thought.

When the wraiths come here, whether in the midst of
the chase or in relative peace, they have to discern which
shard is the one from Yuan-Shen's mirror. They also must
find a means to extract it from the stone in which it is inlaid.
The obvious means for finding the desired shard is for a
Moliated or otherwise changed character to look into each of
the pieces and discover which of them shows a different face

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror 77 Yi


Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

to the one she now bears. This is more difficult than it may
initially appear. The correct shard is to be found on the top of
the elephant's neck, just below the head, and a Strength +
Athletics roll (difficulty 7) is needed to make the climb. If
the wraiths are being pursued by kuei-go and others, one must
climb and search while the others conduct a desperate de-
fense around the base of the statue. As the character searches
for the shard 100 different reflections of her own face gaze
haphazardly back at her from the mirrors on the elephant; a
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 7) is necessary to find
the correct piece.

Once the shard is located it must be removed from the
rock. This is most easily accomplished with tools (once again
the gladiator's blades, being made from True Jade, would ac-
complish this task) but certain Arcanoi might be useful as
well. Obviously the shard is quite fragile, and violent or ex-
cessively aggressive use of levers and the like will reward the
characters with more and smaller shards with which to con-
struct their mirror.

Scene five: Horseface's Chamber —
The Hall of Mirror

The most difficult piece of the mirror to obtain is that
owned by the Horseface Demon. Ma Mien uses the mirror as
the centrepiece to his hall of mirrors and torture chamber.
Hapless wraiths are Moliated by the capricious demon and
then bombarded with images of their new and twisted selves.
When they can take no more, Ma Mien taunts them with the
shard of Yuan-Shen's mirror, showing them what they were
just moments ago. This is usually enough to break the spirit
of the most hardened victim, and most are sent off immedi-
ately to become kuei-go or White Jade.

The location of the chamber is well-known, and once
the characters have discovered that Ma Mien has a shard, all
they need do is gain entry and steal it. The chamber, when
Ma Mien is not present, is guarded by two soldiers (see Scene
Six). The characters have the options of fighting the soldiers,
attempting to sneak past them, or somehow tricking the guards
into letting them in. Whatever approach they adopt, it should
not be too difficult to gain entry to the chamber.

Inside, the wraiths are confronted with a sea of mirrors, all
of irregular shape and size and mounted on easels and frames of
iron and wood. The reflections of the wraiths stare back at
them from more than 100 mirrors, many of which are concave
or convex and return a distorted and sometimes grotesque im-
age (assuming that the wraiths themselves are not already gro-
tesque). Being in the hall is truly frightening as, apart from the
lingering anguish of the many wraiths who have suffered here,
the eyes in the mirrors leer at their owners and sometimes a
reflection appears more like a p'o than its hun.

—


Standing at the rear of the circular chamber, in no par-
ticularly auspicious place, is the original teak frame which held
the mirror of Yuan-Shen. It now holds no mirror, and any wraith
who notices the frame and makes a Perception + Crafts roll
(difficulty 8) realizes that it is the right size and shape to hold
the fragments collected thus far. It is not critical that the wraiths
find the frame, as the mirror can be assembled successfully with
no frame at all. What is important is the location of the shard
of mirror. When Ma Mien is here, he carries the shard to shove
it in the face of defeated victims. If the characters are not care-
ful enough to choose a time when Ma Mien is absent then
they are in trouble. Horseface is more than a match for any
number of wraiths and fighting him is not a solution. If the
wraiths have been so foolish as to arrive when he is present
their only option is to grab the shard and run, and even then
their escape route may very well be blocked. It is easy enough
to plan to mount the extraction expedition for a time when
Ma Mien will not be home; his schedule is well-known and
can be obtained from gossips in the Exchange. Characters suf-
ficiently careless as to barge in without planning may well find
the demon at home, however.

When Ma Mien is not here, the shard rests harmlessly on a
plain iron easel, somewhere in the center of the chamber. Find-
ing it should not prove to be too difficult, though the experience
of wading through all of the other mirrors is traumatic.

Scene Six: The Hunt

The trigger for this scene is probably the Horseface
Demon's discovery of the theft of the shard of mirror from his
chamber. If the characters were unlucky enough to encoun-
ter him in the chamber then the hunt begins immediately,
with the Demon himself leading the packs. Otherwise they
are given a little time to take stock and to find a safe place to
reconstruct the mirror. If the characters have not yet discov-
ered the elephant, it might be effective to have them at the
gates when the hunt discovers them and begins in earnest.

The hunters consist of a number of packs of kuei-go, with
handlers, who scour the passages and chambers of Ti Yu for the
characters. Behind them come soldiers in groups and trainers
with more heavily barded kuei-go in huge leashed packs, biting
each other in their eagerness to tear the wraiths apart. Master-
minding the search is the Horseface Demon, furious at his loss.

The degree to which the wraiths must fight their way out is
best decided by the capacities of the characters and the desires of
the players. If the group enjoys combat then they can be con-
fronted by a group of hunters, soldiers or kuei-go of an appropriate
size to give them a hard fight. Bear in mind that the confrontation
with Yuan-Shen can also result in a difficult combat and charac-
ters should not be overly wounded or exhausted. If the characters
are not skilled in combat then there is a way in which they can
escape their kuei-go pursuers, who are swift and tireless.

Tf a kuei-go is made to look in one of the shards of mirror,
it will see its human face, before years of torture and Moliate
made them into mindless hounds. The kuei-go will tempo-
rarily be overcome with remorse and pain at what it has be-
come, giving the characters time to strike back or escape. To
successfully confront a kuei-go with its image in combat re-
quires a Dexterity + Brawl roll against a difficulty of 7. The
number of successes gained must be opposed to those gained
on the Dexterity + Brawl roll of the attacking kuei-go.

The final fate of a kuei-go confronted with the image of
its former self varies from creature to creature. Some recover
quickly, remembering too little of their former selves for the
image to have great effect. Others are struck so deeply by the
picture that they fall into a Harrowing then and there. A few
are so traumatized that they tear their own flesh, or attack
their masters, giving the characters the time they need to
find a safe place and reconstruct the mirror. Finally a few are
redeemed by the experience, remembering themselves and
regaining some lost dignity. In this way the wraiths can sal-
vage something from the degrading squalor of Ti Yu.

Scene Seven: The Confrontation

Having avoided pursuit, at least temporarily, the charac-
ters find somewhere quiet to assemble the mirror. Whether
they have the frame from Ma Mien's chamber or not, the
process is the same. All that must be done for complete as-
sembly is fitting the pieces together to again form the rectan-
gular mirror, a task that any young child could accomplish. If
time is against the characters then the speed at which the
mirror is assembled can be ascertained by an Intelligence +
Crafts roll (difficulty 6), with a failure denoting a five minute
wait while the wraith rearranges the pieces and five successes
indicating almost instant success.

When the wraiths fix the pieces of the broken mirror
together, on the ground or in the frame, and step back to
survey their creation, the first thing they are greeted with is a
reflection of themselves. As well as seeing themselves as they
were when they breathed and bled, they see cracked faces;
faces not only worn with the lines of care that are the inher-
itance of any inhabitant of Ti Yu, but faces deeply scored by
the cracks in the mirror. Perhaps some vision is awarded them,
some image of a truer self. Maybe a wraith who has a great
deal of permanent Angst sees her p'o looking over her shoul-
der, grinning. Slowly, however, the cracks close and their
images disappear to be replaced with the grinning, Moliated
mask of Yuan-Shen. The imitation worn by the gladiator at
the beginning of the story does not do justice to the fearsome
visage which now greets them.

The Storyteller should play this encounter carefully.
Yuan-Shen is now a powerful Spectre, and could probably
best all of the characters in a fair fight. There are other ways

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror

ae


Ma Mien, the Horseface Demon

Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Bravo
Caste: Shade
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Appearance 2, Manipulation 2
Mental: Intelligence 3, Perception 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge
4, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Leadership 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Occult 3,
Politics 3
Arcanoi: Hive Mind 1, Larceny 3, Lifeweb 4,
Moliate 5, Outrage 3, Phantasm 3
Shade Powers: Shark Teeth, Miasmal Breath, Talons
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Shadowlands 2
Dark Passions: Grind slaves into White Jade (Con-
tempt) 5, Overthrow the Emperor (Envy) 3
Fetters: None
Being (Contempt): 10
Permanent Corpus: 25
Angst: 10
Hun: Caregiver
Passions: Save just one soul (Pity) 1
Composure: 2
Fronds: Guilt

- Note: Ma Mien is actually a Shade whom the Emperor
enslaved centuries ago. Very few, even in Hell, know this,
and even fewer know how the Emperor manages to
control the beast. For now, however, it suits Ma Mien's
purposes to dwell in Hell.

for the wraiths to survive this encounter. The infernal archi-

tect is somewhat startled to be liberated from his eternity of

entrapmen unlikely to immediately attack those who

have freed him. Perhaps the characters, being prisoners them-
selves, might even feel some sympathy for Yuan-Shen.

Yuan-Shen himself is more bitter and angry than any

e encountered before, having been

alone plotting and scheming revenge on everyone and every-

thing (including himself) for more years than he can count.

His release is an explosion of bitterness and rage. (Any wraith

80 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures
_ —

Soldiers

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2
Skills: Melee 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Law 3

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Fatalism 2, Moliate 2, Way of
the Farmer |

Fetters: None

Permanent Corpus: 10

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 10

Equipment: Crude armor and weapons (spears and
swords), not made of Jade.

kue-g0

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5,-Intelligence 0, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Subterfuge 1, Stealth 2

Permanent Corpus: 15

Willpower: 8 (with Jade muzzle), 2 (with muzzle
removed)

Equipment: All kuei-go have teeth and claws
which cause aggravated damage. See Dark King-
dom of Jade for more details on kuei-go.

for whom these are important Passions can attempt to gain
Pathos in the normal w inst a difficulty of only five).
Yuan-Shen can be reasoned with, although he is desper-
ately unstable, and can be convinced that he owes the wraiths
a debt of gratitude for his release. A better plan is to answer
his questions about Ti Yu, making it clear how old and run-
down the city is. Yuan-Shen will rapidly become violently
disgusted with the condition his creation is in. The di
and disrepair of his masterpiece will drive him into a me
rage, and this will be directed first against the pursuing hordes


of kuei-go, not the characters. If the characters mishandle the
encounter, however, they may be forced to fight Yuan-Shen,
although lenient Storytellers could allow the hunters to crash
into the chamber at this time.

After the release of Yuan-Shen, the now flawless mirror shows
the whirling storms and patterns of the Tempest, and all that re-
mains is for the characters to leap through the mirror, as if it were
ahole in the floor or wall, even as the Tempest rises to greet them.

Conclusion

Depending on the plans of the Storyteller, the events of
this story can be quite significant for the future of Ti Yu. The
damage caused by Yuan-Shen and the Spectres that rally to
him could cause a mass breakout of wraiths from the many
prisons of the hells. Under extreme circumstances, a revolt
might break out, Yen-lo Wang might seize the chance to topple
Ti-tsang Wang, or any number of possibilities might come to
pass. Alternatively, Yuan-Shen could disappear without great
moment and everything could continue as usual.

As for the characters, they may well end up in the Tem-
pest without a clue of where they are or what they are to do
next. Alternatively, they might find themselves near a byway.
There also might be pursuit by the authorities of Hell, assum-
ing there isn't too much going on at home. Huge packs of kuei-
go would be released into the Tempest in that case, scouring
the byways for the missing wraiths. The characters, without
their shards of mirror, might be forced to strike a deal with
Spectres to escape pursuit. Still, whatever happens, their stay
in Ti Yu is ended and they are probably better off for it.

Sometime after the events of the story the characters
should hear of the final end of Yuan- Shen. Now a Nephwrack,
he labors in the Tempest, building a gateway to the Void it-
self. Perhaps his gateway is a teak frame, for Oblivion is surely
a mirror for those such as he who are empty inside.

Yuan-Shen (Spectre

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Deviant

Caste: Nephwrack

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Skills: Crafts 5, Meditation 3, Leadership 5
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5

Arcanoi: Contaminate 3, Inhabit 3, Mnemosynis 5, Moliate 5,
Puppetry 3, Shroud Rending 3, Usury 5

Shade Powers: None

Backgrounds: None

Ss aera

Dark Passions: Seek vengeance on anyone and everyone who
can be held responsible for the ruin of Ti Yu (Revenge) 5, Kill
all who have defiled the purity of his creation (Jealousy) 4
Fetters: None

Corpus: 10

Being (Hate): 10

Angst: 10

Hun: Agent

Passions: Make Ti Yu a thing of beauty (Love) 4
Composure: 4

Fronds: Memories of Life, Mirror

Image: Yuan-Shen is a Spectre, but just barely so, and his vis-
age reflects this. Normally he appears like a hideous parody of
a mask, with lolling tongue, saucer-wide eyes and fangs. How-
ever, when he remembers himself he attempts to Moliate him-
self into some semblance of his former visage. These attempts
always almost succeed, but never quite. There is always some
flaw, some defect that reveals Yuan-Shen's true nature.
Roleplaying Hints: Beyond mad, you have been imprisoned
with nothing but your own reflection for centuries. You have
been released only to see the ruin of your masterwork and the
degradation of your ambitions. It is utterly unbearable, so act
accordingly. Rant, rave and mention the Lords of Hell (and
the Emperor) on a first-name basis. They've all ruined your
work, now it's time to make them pay.

A Hope in Hell, or The Mask and the Mirror



A Voice
in the Wilderness:
The Lost Legion

by Tim Akers

Minh nodded. "And you, Mr. Disantis, when did you leave Vietnam?"

Disantis tossed the paper wrapper into a trashcan and licked his fingers.
"I came here early in '69," he said.

"And when did you leave?" Minh asked again.

Disantis lifted his head as if to sniff the the night air. The evening was
thick with the scent of tropical vegetation, mimosa blossoms, stagnant water,
decay. When he looked at Minh there was a dark gleam in his blue eyes. He
shook his head. "I never left," he said.

— Dan Simmons, "E-Ticket to ‘Namland"


he Lost Legion is something of a legend
among Stygian wraiths, especially those
who were alive during the Korean or Viet-
nam Wars. There are whispered tales of a
|) brave band, still fighting the wars that
were thought to be over so long ago. The
Legion is portrayed as heroic, a bright spot
of idealistic gallantry in a world of decay and deceit. Little do
these storytellers know or suspect what happens in the jungles
of the Shadowlands and what the combination of zealotry
and gallantry can do to a dead man's mind.

The Lost Legion

he patchwork army that calls itself the
Lost Legion is a truly rag-tag force. It in-
cludes among its ranks the likes of U.N.
soldiers killed in Korea, French casual-
ties from Dien Bien Phu, teenagers from
the American Vietnam action, World
War Two-era Allied soldiers from the
Asian theater and permanently grounded Flying Tigers. The
soldiers are as different as could be imagined, and in the

Skinlands this unit would have fallen apart long ago from
internal strife. Death, however, does things to a man. Know-
ing that the girls they left back home have probably gotten
old and married others, the family dogs are all long buried,
their children are parents or even grandparents, and wives
left behind are dead and buried; all of these things have worn
on the men of the Lost Legion. Under such a crushing bur-
den of knowledge, these soldiers have been forced to assume
new lives and to find new dreams, new beliefs and a new cause.

Colonel Roth provides that cause. He soothes the
troubled minds of his men and gives them something to fight
for and believe in. He brushes over the rough edges of his
unit with a fanaticism born of desperation. The colonel tow-
ers over his men, the only one unshaken by death. He has set
himself up as a religious figure of sorts, a prophet leading the
wayward masses back to the promised land.

Origins

There has been considerable conflict in Southeast Asia
during the latter half of the 20th century, not only in the
Skinlands but in the Shadowlands as well. As Yu Huang was
beating back rebellions in Japan, the United Nations was hold-

ing the line against communism in Korea. Later, the United States
took on the task of buttressing falling dominoes in Vietnam,


The Legion Today

The Lost Legion has waged an end-
less war against Yu Huang, battling the
Jade Empire wherever they find it. They
maintain contact with several of the ter-
ritorial warlords in the area, working in
concert with them when their
compatible with the L
rumors that t

goals ar

gion's. There are
Lost Legion is receiving
aid from several wraithly groups, from
Heretics to Legionnaires. Considering
Roth's distrust, even hatred, of all out

it seems possible that these rumors
are complete fabrications. For all intents
and purposes, the Legion e i

Yu Huang, and for nothing more.

the Emperor reaped their souls and impressed them into ser-
vice against the Japanese rebels. These western wraiths were
treated as chattel, chained together and used as "living" cover,

sacrificed in diversionary maneuvers that were nearly suicidal
and given the worst assignments and missions. Most feared that
life had become a cycle of war, dying in one senseless battle
only to awaken to another, more brutal fight.

During these days of slavery, one man rose in the ranks
of the westerners. Colonel Roth, who had fought in the Sec-
ond World War and Korea before dying in Vietnam, attained
a level of authority among the slaves. Under his careful eye, a
plan was laid out to free the few remaining prisoners. Finally,
with delicate preparation, Roth was able to lead a handful of
wraiths out of the Jade Kingdom and into the trackless jungles
of Vietnam's Shadowlands. Word spread among the western
prisoners of Roth's daring escape, and soon all of the other
detainees were spinning their own designs for emancipation.
Mere months after Roth's flight to Vietnam, all of the im-
mured wraiths were in active revolt. Some escaped, but most
were destroyed in the fighting. Roth had had the advantages
of surprise and years of preparation, as well as his own mili-

tary genius to draw upon. The other legions unfortunately

had rushed the plans for their escape and paid the price for

shoddy preparation and inadequate skills. The few who es-
caped made their way to Vietnam and joined up with Roth's
fugitives. Together, they formed the Lost Legion.

.
.
with less than glorious results. As soldiers died in the Skinlands,

the Etemal Strugele

When the members of the Lost Legion died, none of them
expected to end up in the Shadowlands. Enslavement by the
Jade Empire did not fit in with the Christian view of life after
death that many of them espoused. With their basic belief
system so emphatically contradicted, the new wraiths were
awash in a sea of confusion and doubt. When they escaped
and joined the Lost Legion, most still did not know what to
expect of this afterlife, or how to explain it.

Colonel Roth recognized this desperation in his men and
presented them with an answer. Part iiberpatriot, part tent-
revival preacher, he declared that the men had not been mis-
taken in their pre-death theological leanings, but had rather
been impeded on their heavenly journey by the Jade Emperor.
Roth portrayed Yu Huang as the source of all their trouble,
explaining that his spiritual war in Japan had caused the
earthly turmoil in Southeast Asia, and that the Emperor had
also trapped their souls before they could make their way to
Heaven. Hence, the only path to eternal peace was through
the destruction of Yu Huang and his Immortal Guard.

Since the time of its official formation, the Legion has formed
a cult of personality around Colonel Roth. Roth has combined
Judeo-Christian teachings with a bizarre form of jingoism. He
draws ties between America's glory following the Second World
War and the spiritual kingdom of Heaven, as well as between
the rise of communism and the unquestionably evil Jade Em-
pire. The Colonel professes that the Stygian Empire is in fact
partially to blame for the Legion's imprisonment, as the Hierar-
chy did nothing to aid the lost souls of its rightful citizens. The

Legion sees itself as the last pure group in the Shadowlands, com-
mitted to a higher ideal and fanatical in its striving. None out-
side of the Legion can be trusted, as they have been corrupted.

The Crucible

Recently Colonel Roth has come across a problem. The
very nature of the Legion's guerilla war precludes the resolu-
tion of Fetters. Roth has decided that the time has come to
settle down, claim a Haunt somewhere and tend to the needs
of his men. Unfortunately, in order to do this, he's going to
need some outside assistance. By his very nature, Roth dis-
trusts the wraiths of Stygia, but is beginning to believe that

certain western wraiths might be able to help him. In order
to find these allies (or dupes), the colonel has sent out invi-
tations to several groups in Stygia, ranging from Hierarchy
Legions to Heretic mobs. These notes propose a contest of
sorts, where each group sends a Circle of wraiths who will
then be tested by the Legion. The best Circle will win for its
sponsors a treaty with the Lost Legion. Roth has sent these
notices only to groups who have previously petitioned the
Legion for relations, either political, economic or military.

A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion 85


Colonel Roth intends to use the various Circles to fur-
ther his ambition of acquiring a Haunt. The details of each
trial are found below, and the completion of each one will
bring Roth one step closer to holding his own Haunt. Once
the competition is over and Roth has his stronghold, he in-
tends to do away with the victors and any of the surviving
losers, informing each parent group individually that their
Circle was lost in the contest and that some other team won.

And in this Corner...

The players have been chosen by one of the invitees to
represent them in Roth's competition. The exact nature of group
depends on the individual players, but in the long run it's un-
important. Roth will take all comers if they'll help him get what
he wants. Regardless of affiliation, the characters are sent by
their superiors to Vietnam to take part in the battle royale.

The other participants come from a number of different
backgrounds, from veterans who simply want to join the Lost
Legion to Heretic groups who believe in Roth's philosophy of
life to Hierarchy paramilitary types who like the idea of having
a strong allied military force close to the Jade Empire's borders.

During the contest, Roth will make minor efforts to weaken
the various competitors. Anyone who gives up and attempts to
return home before the game is over will mysteriously disappear,
either en route or before they leave the "playing field." Teams

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

that are too weak to be of any further use to Roth will quietly be
eliminated. Everyone should be too intent on the game at hand
to notice these occurrences, though the party should stumble
upon one of the eliminations at some point. Both the high price
of failure and the need for success will be emphasized by watch-
ing unsuccessful competitors literally being liquidated.

The Lost Legion has set up a temporary base camp to
house the games. Players will be assigned places to rest, but
they will be prevented from Slumbering by the sheer pace of
the games. Roth will try to keep the various players from ever
feeling rested, keeping them slightly off balance so that he is
more easily able to dispose of them once their services are no
longer required.

qhe Games

Roth has set up dozens of scenarios for the competitors,
testing everything from military ability to political prowess.
Most of the trials are mere busywork, a smokescreen to ob-
scure the real intent of the contest. Each team is assigned
missions randomly, with the victors going on to the next
round. The player characters will only participate in three
rounds, simply because playing through many more than that
would get tedious. Roth has marked the party as having con-
siderable potential, and has rigged the mission drawings so
that they will get assignments that directly further his goal.

att A eS

BOOS aes


he laut

The site which Roth has chosen for his future base is an
old Buddhist monastery about 20 miles outside of Saigon.
Saigon is a hotbed of Imperial activity, with various ambassa-
dors and spies operating constantly within its confines. How-
ever, that activity largely ceases once you leave the safety of
the Imperial Buildings, as even the poorer sections of the
Necropolis (never mind the jungles) are rife with bandits,
Spectres and other undesirables.

The monastery itself has been converted into a low secu-
rity sanitarium, housing mostly harmless, delusional paranoids.
In the Shadowlands, a particularly deviant soul has taken up
residence in the sanitarium. His name is Hoang Lam, and in
life he was one of Saigon's most notorious serial killers. The
perpetrator of a pattern of murders starting with his girlfriend,
he came to believe that his girlfriend's soul had passed from
her body and gone on to inhabit others. By use of various "au-
guries" he determined who was carrying her soul, and then
killed the unfortunate person whom his methods had identi-
fied. He murdered eight girls in this manner, and was stalking
his ninth when he was finally gunned down by police. Lam
found himself in the Shadowlands and realized that his op-
portunity had arrived. He could end the cycle of soul exchange
simply by destroying the spirit when it left its most recent
body. To that end, he found the girl he had been stalking and

rite

has haunted her ever since, trying to force her to commit sui-
cide so that he might destroy her soul. Eventually his ghostly
attentions drove the poor girl insane and she was committed
to the sanitarium in the monastery. Ever since, Hoang Lam
has haunted the asylum, waiting for his opportunity. He has
gathered around him a collection of insane wraiths, all of whom
died within the asylum's confines. Together they torment the
patients and guards and resist any attempts to exorcise them
from the area. The characters' missions will deal with clearing
out this area and securing it for the Lost Legion, though they
will never be told that. Various clues will all point to that
end, and hopefully the characters will figure it all out before
they are eliminated by Roth and his misguided band.

Prelude: Arriving at the Base Camp

The Lost Legion has gone to extreme measures to shroud
this event in a facade of gaiety. The base camp has been deco-
rated with various red, white and blue streamers, American
flags and other accoutrements of celebration. When the play-
ers arrive, they will be ushered to their corridors and given a
schedule of events. Various events are constantly planned, and
the itinerary is designed to keep the players on their toes, rest-
less and ill at ease. The mentally imbalanced nature of the char-
acters' hosts should be obvious early on, as various Lost Le-
gionnaires will break into patriotic songs spontaneously, recite

A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion


the entire Declaration of Independence emphatically and oth-
erwise behave like refugees from a militia group. If the players
stop to rest or attempt to gather Pathos, members of the Le-
gion should corner them and discuss American politics at great
length. Those members of the Legion who are not American
by birth will go on about how America has aided their respec-
tive countries, and set up an ideal around which all other gov-
ernments and societies should be formed. Any mention of
Colonel Roth will incite a fiery symposium on his philosophy,
world view and politics. The Circle will be thankful to leave
the camp and get on with their missions, having learned much
more Americana than is considered healthy.

qhe Game's Afoot: Mission One

In a ceremony part game show, part Bingo game, Roth
will make a show of drawing the missions for the various teams.
He will go on endlessly about how the Hand of God is guid-
ing him to make each selection and whatnot. Finally, after a
lengthy diatribe, the players are given their first assignment.

The task set before them is fairly complex, but can be ac-
complished with some preparation and careful application of
Arcanoi. In downtown Saigon, a pinprick Nihil has recently
opened in the Jade Embassy. The Circle is to make its way into
the Embassy and force the Nihil open even wider. Roth will
pass this off as simply "making trouble for the Jade Devils."
The real story is that in his blind fanaticism, Roth has done a
little business with a local Doppleganger named Blame. Blame
has agreed to cease all Spectre activity around the Monastery
in exchange for the opportunity to stage an incursion in Saigon.

Some of the pieces of the puzzle are available to the char-
acters before the raid, though they won't know how they fit
until after expanding the Nihil. Blame is often in the base
camp talking to Roth, and may be seen with the Spectres on
the other side of the Nihil when it is forced open. The exact
nature of his deal with the colonel should remain a mystery
for the time being, however.

The Nihil can be forced open by various methods, but the
easiest is by way of the Skinlands. Destruction and despair in
the Skinlands will allow the hole to widen, making it easier for
Spectres to pass through. The aforementioned despair can be
caused by anything from bombs planted by possessed criminals
to heavy use of Pandemonium or other Arcanoi. It is up to the
characters to decide how they want to do this. There is no one
"tight" way to open the Nihil, and any number of creative so-
lutions to this particular problem are viable. On the other hand,
failed or half-hearted attempts are likely to draw the attention
of Embassy guards or even local exorcists. (See Dark Kingdom
of Jade for more information on exorcisms).

The Embassy itself is placed in a Skinlands library in
downtown Saigon. Saigon itself is something of a police state,
though Vietnam as a whole has escaped Yu Huang's tightest
grasp. The Embassy compound is well guarded at all times,

88 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Ore,

Ve

=m 9,
VererTiinet

with guards on the perimeter and roving patrols inside the
library itself. A few Inhabited sentries wander the library,
posing as students or staff. In the Shadowlands, the ground is
littered with torn and burned book pages that blow around,
and the soft whisper of rustling papers echoes throughout the
halls. One hall consists entirely of eunuchs, lined up in col-
umn formation. These Moliated wrecks contain all the records
of the levies weighed against the various client-states by
the Jade Empire, from Vietnam to Bangkok.

Another feature of the Embassy is the Museum to His
Glorious Visage, a collection of Artifacts detailing the Yu
Huang's rise to power. Here one can stroll for hours, perus-
ing the Emperor's achievements in life as well as in death.
Included are a scale model of the Great Wall, a tiny clay
statue of one of the Immortal Guard and other such baubles.

It is in the room containing the museum that the nihil
is to be opened, specifically because it is situated in the
basement of the Embassy, in one of the disused storage rooms
of the library. Located in one of the museum's sidechambers,
the nihil was initially opened by the suicide of a library
employee in that very room. In the Shadowlands, the dis-
plays in that room are spattered with what appears to be
dried blood, and the floor oozes with amorphous gore. The
various statues in the room were altered by the death, chang-
ing their serene expressions to ones of fear and horror.

The occupants of the Embassy are well aware of the Ni-
hil, and have a guard stationed in that room at all times. Any
attempt to force entry into the room will meet with resistance,
and a general cry will go out, bringing swift reinforcements.

Sarnple imperial Guard Statistics

Physical: Strength 4, |
I: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appear-

terity 3, Stamina 3

ion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
ertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2
Dodge 3, Firearms 4, Intimidation 1, Melee
4, Stealth 3
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Outrage 3
Permanent Corpus: 10
Willpower: 6
Pathos: 8

rmed with a va-

Note: Imperial Gua re

ety of weapons, from Jade spears to relic


Les interludes: A Brief Respite

At some point in the adventure, the characters get an
opportunity to interact with their competition. Roth has other
teams doing things like researching Hoang Lam's past, dis-
tracting the Jade Empire away from the monastery by launch-
ing massive assaults on the far side of Saigon and other mis-
sions that might give the players a clue as to the way in which
they are being manipulated. This is a chance for the party to
get a brief glimpse at the big picture. If, however, they begin
to get too good an idea of what's going on, they will immedi-
ately be tossed headlong and screaming into their next mis-
sion. No time is available for "sit down and meditate" con-
templation. Roth is running these events at a fevered pace
specifically to keep the various teams off their guard and un-
aware of his barely concealed plan. Just as the characters start
to say "wait a minute, what if..." they are catapulted into the
next mission.

Onward fo Glory: Mission Two

Having secured his future stronghold from incursions from
the Labyrinth, Roth wants to strengthen the monastery's po-
tential for Pathos. The city government of Saigon recently
declared the building inappropriate for the confinement of

the insane and ordered a new sanitarium built within the city
itself. Roth desperately wants the Pathos that could be gleaned
from the minds of madmen, but can't establish a Haunt within
the walls of the Necropolis, where the Jade Emperor has too
many eyes. To this end, the colonel has given the Circle the
mission of haunting the daylights out of the new building.

This is an opportunity for the players to have a little fun,
and scaring construction workers and hospital officials is al-
ways a gas. The mission is complete when the construction is
called off and all future plans for building a new asylum are
put on hold. Merely haunting the site is not enough: The
players must convince the city officials in charge of the con-
struction that it's a bad idea. They can masquerade as former
patients, threatening the suits and warning them away from
disturbing their rest, or frighten the construction crews so
much that no one will want work on the project.

Unfortunately, before the living officials give up, they'll
call on the assistance of local holy men to exorcise the build-
ing. Also, the Empire is likely to notice such an obvious mani-
festation in the middle of one of their strongholds, and will
hound the players at their every turn. The mission starts off
light and chipper, but then rapidly piles shock upon shock.
Packs of kuei-go chasing the characters away from the build-
ing, patrols of soldiers, or reprisals taken against the local
wraith population are all possibilities.

ness: The Lost Legion 89 9


At this point the characters should become aware of
the existence of the other sanitarium, the one that Roth
wants to haunt. They'll have to research the asylum a little
and may find out about Hoang Lam and his minions. They
may also notice the distinct lack of Spectral activity around
the building, despite its proximity to the Nihil that they
just finished opening (Blame has been ordered to stay away
from the party, and will not interfere with them in any way).
In fact, the Spectres might even defend the party from the
servants of the Empire, and this should confuse the char-
acters to no end. Things aren't frightening yet, but they're
rapidly approaching that status, and the final hints as to
Roth's master plan should rapidly be becoming apparent.

One Last impasse: Mission Three

Assuming that the characters have survived this far,
Roth is getting very excited. He will be strutting around
camp, virtually bubbling with psychopatriotic gibberish.
Whenever he sees the players, he will pound them on the
back and heap praise upon them. By now, the base camp
will have thinned out, the "unworthy heathens lost in the
crucible of God" as Roth would say. Prior to their final trial,
there will be several days of festivities, mostly involving
the singing of patriotic songs and firing automatic weap-
ons into the air. During this time, the players will hardly
be allowed to Slumber at all, as they are the guests of honor.
They will be dragged from one event to the next, until
they are lost in a miasma of red, white and blue. At the
end of the revelry, Roth will gather everyone together for
one final bash, at the end of which he will hand the play-
ers their final assignment.

This last mission is of utmost importance to Colonel
Roth and his Lost Legion. The players are sent to the mon-
astery, with the task of ridding the place of Hoang Lam,
the serial killer wraith who haunts the place. Roth won't
send his own men in because Hoang Lam has gathered a
considerable number of dangerously insane wraiths to his
side, and the resulting battle would prove to be too costly.
Roth intends to kill the characters after they have com-
pleted their mission anyway, so if they die in the process it
makes no difference to him.

qhe Layout of the Monastery

From above, the monastery looks like a giant teardrop.
The main entrance is at the bottom of the drop, with the
patients' rooms forming the sides of the tear and slowly
tapering to the administrative offices at the tip. The an-
cient gardens extend outside from one of the side entrances
near the administrative center, but these have fallen into
disrepair since the monastery became a sanitarium.

90 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

The main entrance is a magnificent archway, extend-
ing 20 feet into the air. The sides of the arch are intricately
carved to look like a waterfall, flowing from engraved foun-
tains at the top. With the recent need to keep the monastery's
occupants closed in, a portcullis has been added, sullying
the beauty of this grand door. In the Shadowlands, the wa-
terfalls boil angrily, and occasionally a tiny figure appears in
the torrent, screaming as it is dragged downstream. The iron
gate is covered in rust, and groans whenever it is raised or
lowered. This entryway is constantly guarded by at least two
members of Hoang Lam's goon squad.

The central courtyard of the asylum is plain, with a few
winding paths extending through a flower garden near the ad-
ministrative building. The rest of the courtyard has been paved
over and serves as a fitness area for those patients who feel ath-
letically inclined. The garden was once a gorgeous creation,
well groomed and lovingly maintained. Now, the flowers are
growing wild, some dying and being replaced by ambitious
weeds. Outside of the Skinlands, this area reverberates with
the chants of long dead monks. The pitted, cracked concrete
looks more like a moonscape than a parking lot. The garden is
a thing of chaos and vibrant death. Vines crawl and writhe,
blossoms pulse and rupture, vomiting even more troubled green-
ery onto the landscape. The tiny trails are dwarfed by towering,
malignant bushes, and the once quiet grounds are filled with
the creaking of wood and turgid shrubbery.

It is in these woods that Chi spends most of his time.
He plays hide and seek among the vines, though his play-
mates are usually imaginary. If Chi catches the Circle wan-
dering through this part of the asylum, he will immedi-
ately include them in his games, whether they want to
play or not.

The walls of the courtyard hold the patients' quarters,
and are accessible from multiple doors opening into the court-
yard itself. The second and third floors include walkways that
look down on the courtyard, while the first floor has an inter-
nal hallway. It is in these rooms that most of the resident
wraiths live, and where the characters will find the greatest
resistance to their presence. Some of the more interesting
rooms are:

Chi's Room:

Chi has littered his room with toys of all forms and fash-
ions. He has old wooden dolls, possibly from his living child-
hood, playthings that seem to be from colonial French homes
and new plastic cars and soldiers that Americans brought to
Vietnam. In the Skinlands, Chi's room is empty, the last six
occupants insisting that they couldn't sleep because some-
one kept playing pattycakes on their dresser all night long.

Hoang Lam's room:

In the Skinlands, the poor victim of Hoang Lam's at-
tentions sits quietly in a chair, clinging desperately to life.

ee

« Aut aN al wo


By now, Hoang Lam has revealed to her his plans for de-
stroying her soul, so she lives on to spoil his fun. Hoang
Lam has forever to wait, as he has informed her on many
occasions, and enjoys playing this little game of cat and
mouse with her. In the Shadowlands, the room's walls crawl
with the various auguries that Hoang Lam employed to find
this girl. Spatters of blood crisscross the walls in arcane
symbols, tarot cards tumble in an unseen breeze, the splin-
tered bones of former victims form a latticework against
one wall and the smell of burnt incense and flesh mingle
in the air. Both in life and in death, Hoang Lam strove for
this moment, and now he's settled down to savor it. Most
of the time he can be found in this room, using his ghostly
touch to stroke his victim's hair or knock over the lights
she thinks will keep him at bay.

The Administrative Offices:

One of the doctors of the asylum, by the name of Dr.
Binh, has dedicated his spare time (and there isn't much
of it) to investigating the phenomena that manifest oc-
casionally in the old monastery. He knows much of su-
pernatural affairs, and is presently trying to unlock the
secrets of Hoang Lam and his companions. Dr. Binh could
conceivably be enlisted as an ally, particularly if the char-
acters demonstrate to him the threat the wraith poses to
one of the patients.

Should the players stray into the administrative build-
ing, Dr. Binh will quickly discover them and begin to per-
form his investigations on them. These tests are relatively
harmless, but they will attract attention in the
Shadowlands. Soon after the tests begin, members of Hoang
Lam's Circle will appear to investigate.

There are a number of ways to empty the monastery,
though not all of them would please Roth. The characters
should be able to sneak into the sanitarium with relative *
ease, as the wraiths within are not watchful. Once inside,
by speaking to the inmates among the Quick, the charac-
ters may be able to discover Hoang Lam's reasons for haunt-
ing the asylum. With that knowledge comes a wide variety
of options, from killing the girl to having her moved to
another location, or even helping her escape from the sani-
tarium altogether.

Alternatively, the players could rig a series of accidents,
forcing the condemnation of the building and the reloca-
tion of the asylum. This would please the colonel not a bit,
and his revenge would be frightening. The Legion has the
Circle under constant observation, "to ensure the fairness
of the contest" but if the characters attempt to leave the
area before completing their task, they will be hunted down
and destroyed. The players must remove Hoang Lam from
the monastery or, though they might not know it yet, their
unlives will be forfeited.

mo VES a
A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion


In the event that the chai

stage a frontal assault on the old asylum they
will soon discover the strength of the its
defenders. The exact s xth of the asylum's
inhabitants should be determined by the
Storyteller, but the defenders should be
strong enough to thrash the Circle with

The characters will have to find anoth
of forcing Hoang Lam and his minions out.

or Wi

No matter how they go about it, once the Circle has
gotten rid of Hoang Lam, they should return to the base
camp. As they approach the camp, the sound of gunfire is
clearly audible. Just before they enter the clearing, the play-
ers become aware of a massacre in the camp. Roth's men have
received word of their victory, and are doing away with the
remaining contestants. Roth doesn't want anyone to know of
the location of his new Haunt, and annihilating the people
who obtained it for him is the best way to do this. As soon as
the characters realize what is happening, they will find them-
selves being approached by several members of the Legion.
From this point on, they are fugitives.

Getting your Derriere out of Dodge

From this point on, the action consists of the characters
running like hell with the Legion doing their best to gun them
down. The jungles surrounding the base camp are full of all
sorts of bad things, from Spectres to inquisitive Jade Opera-
tives investigating the recent expansion of the nihil in their
The nearest refuge for the players would be in Stygia,
or possibly Bangkok, but it's a long way home, and there are
lots of people looking for the party.

embe

If the players decide to run for Saigon, they will be cut
off quickly. Saigon is crawling with soldiers of the Jade Em-
pire who are battling back the Spectres so recently unleashed
upon their fair city. Any major roadway, through the Tem-
pest or otherwise, will be patrolled by the Lost Legion, and
an attempt to escape along these routes will quickly bring
about an encounter with Dixie and the DustBunny (see be-
low). The characters have to slink around in the jungle, slowly
easing their way past trouble if they can. Headlong flight will
just draw attention to their path, and hanging around too long
will leave them vulnerable to Roth's roving patrols. The char-

acters must find a middle ground between bolting for safety
and holing up while waiting for the inevitable.

Wrapping up

Once home, the players should spread the news about
the misguided Lost Legion, though few will believe them.
From this point in the chronicle, the players may want to
further investigate the history of the Legion, in an attempt to
prove their unbalanced nature. In addition, there's a good
chance that the Jade Empire will express interest in the party,
as they are the last known people to have had contact with
the Legion. In fact, they fit the description of some wraiths
ed at the scene of a bit of a mishap, involving a Nihil
and the lobby of the Jade Embass

Sample Spectre Statistics:

3, Stamina 5

witne:

trength 3, Dexterity
arisma 2, Manipulation 4, Ap-

Mental: I
Abilities:
Melee 3
Arcanoi: Contamit
ceny 1, Moliate 3
Being (Hate): 8
Angst: 8
Permanent Corpus: 9

Sample Lost Legion Statistics:
i : 5 rity 3, Staming
Manipulation 4, Ap-

rception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,

te 2, Hive Mind 1, Lar-

utrage 2

trength 4, [

charisma 2,

ption 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
ss 4, Brawl 3
Melee 4,

ny three Arcanoi up to level

lodge 3,

Arcanoi:
three
Pathos:
Angst: 7
Permanent Corpus
Willpower: 10

Note: Members of the Lost Legion are armed
with the relic weapons they died with. These

itomatics, M16 assault rif

Weapons.

include .

92 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

ca
Wo
WS
,
Bo


he members of the Lost Legion are too
numerous to fully describe here, as
their numbers exceed 100. Instead, a
few of the more colorful Legionnaires
are described below. Use them as a

Roth's Legion.

Colonel Roth

Roth is a cross between a tent-revival preacher and a
sulking mob boss. Sometimes ecstatic with the glory of
revelation, sometimes brooding with the weight of the
responsibility of enlightenment, the colonel is a difficult
man to deal with. He accepts nothing but whole-hearted
devotion from his followers, and nothing but repentance
or death from his enemies. Having elevated himself to
the level of a visionary, he feels unbound by the conven-
tions of the society he left behind when he died. To him,
enlightenment has brought on a new level of moral righ-
teousness, justifying his every act in the name of higher
purpose. He eschews all social norms and concentrates
on his one true purpose: the destruction of the Jade Em-
pire. He cares little for the America of today, feeling that
the true spirit of the Founding Fathers has been aban-
doned, choked in litigation and greed. Colonel Roth fights
a spiritual war of his own imagination and nothing can
stop him, or even drag him back to reality.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Really Fanatic

Circle: The Lost Legion

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Firearms 3, Leadership 5

Knowledges: Military Science 4, Philosophy 3, Psychology 4,
Rhetoric 5, Theology 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Memoriam 2, Notoriety 4
Passions: Destroy Yu Huang's Empire (Hate) 5, Bring his
boys home (Pride) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Castigate 3, Intimation 3, Lifeweb 2,
Mnemosynis 3, Outrage 2

m Colonel Rolf

see

Fetters: The Jungles of South Vietnam 3, Dogtags 2,
Medals 2

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 9

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Bully

Angst: 6

Shadow Passions: Give up the fight against the Jade Em-
pire (Despair) 3

Thorns: Shadow Call, Tainted Touch, Pact of Doom
Image: Colonel Roth dresses in full fatigues, perfect from
helmet to spit-shined boots. He's a heavy man, not so
much fat as simply husky. He exudes an aura of power and
commands respect wherever he goes.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a demagogue, so play the part
to the hilt. Take one part televangelist, one part Achilles
sulking in his tent, and one part psychopath. Mix these
together, and then yell a lot. Bluster wherever you go, get
in people's faces, step on their toes, and inspect their weap-
ons. Do whatever it takes to get your message across, and
do it repeatedly.


Dixie was a simple farm boy with a knack for pool and a
love for America. Rather than sitting around and waiting to be
drafted when the Vietnam War started, he marched down to his
local recruiter and signed his life away. Due to his familiarity
with heavy machinery and vast experience with driving tractors
and the like, Dixie was assigned to the Armor Corps, eventually
ending up as a driver. His first assignment was a little anti-per-
sonnel vehicle called a Duster. A Duster looks just like any other
tank from the turret down, but instead of a big bore gun, it sports
four high calibre cannons (much like what jet fighters carry).
These tanks were devastating against infantry during the Viet-
nam conflict, destroying cover and personnel alike with fright-
ening ease. Being such destructive weapons, Dusters tended to
draw a lot of fire during combat, and Dixie's vehicle, which he
had named DustBunny, was no exception. Driver, gunner and
tank were completely destroyed by a series of LAW attacks on
their position, mere months after Dixie had entered the theater.
Luckily for Colonel Roth and his Legion, all three passed on to
the Shadowlands intact, and nowadays the DustBunny isa feared
sight at many Jade Empire strongholds.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Jester

Circle: Lost Legion

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 3, Heavy Weapons 4, Melee 3, Pool 4,
Repair 3

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: Artifact 5

Passions: Obey the Colonel (Fanatic Loyalty) 4, Settle Down
(Longing) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Moliate 2, Puppetry 1

Fetters: The earthly remains of the Dustbunny 3, His old pool cue 2
Willpower: 6

Permanent Corpus: 7

Pathos: 4

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 4

Shadow Passion: Be appreciated fully by the others of the
Lost Legion (envy) 4

Thorns: Devil's Dare

Image: Dixie is a silly, grinning fool. He wears a tanker's uni-
form, and has a Stars and Bars painted crudely onto his helmet.
Roleplaying Hints: Go watch The Dukes of Hazzard. Now,
pick either Bo or Luke Duke, hop him up on greenies, and
there you have it. Hoot and holler, give rebel yells as you
careen headlong into combat, generally give ‘em hell.

94 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

sagt y
SSNS er GTTT

K

Dixie & The Dust Buanyg

5 see

t, Colonel Hopps

If Colonel Roth is the fire and brimstone of the Lost Le-
gion, Hopps is its cold, calculating judge of damnation. Where
Roth inspires and exclaims, Hopps condemns and belittles.
Lt. Colonel Hopps is in charge of internal security, constantly
watching the men for the slightest sign of treason. His "loy-
alty sessions" are widely feared by the men of the Legion, and
those few survivors of his ministrations never again question
the teachings of Roth.

Nature: Critic

Demeanor: Judge

Circle: Lost Legion

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 5

Passions: Seek out traitors (Devotion) 5, Expel the invaders
from Vietnam (Duty) 4


ae

Arcanoi: Usury 5, Castigate 4

Fetters: Medals 3, copy of Freud's Das Unheimlich rotting in
an old firebase 1

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 9

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Shadow Passion: Betray Roth (Self-hatred) 4

Thorns: Freudian Slip, Bad Luck

Image: Hopps is a tall, dark man. He has had his Corpus molded
to resemble the Gestapo agents of the Second World War,
though he has replaced the Nazi symbols with skulls and Ameri-
can flags. He always wears sunglasses, even in the dead of night.
Roleplaying Hints: Always ask questions, probing for betrayal
in the hearts of your victims. Be on guard, seek out the tainted
and expel them. Never raise your voice above a whisper. If
any of the players do anything that they aren't supposed to be
doing, you will hear about it and come around to question
them. Warn them against cheating, and if you have to talk to
them a second time, unleash the consequences of their folly.

The Committe

There are about a dozen wraiths living in the monastery,
including Hoang Lam. Feel free to modify the following stats, so
as to prevent the players from taking the asylum by way of force.

Hoang Lam

For more information on Hoang Lam, see above.
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Deviant
Circle: The Committed
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 2, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3
Skills: Melee 5, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Occult 4
Passions: Torture the soul of his former girlfriend (Love) 5,
Disgust others (Perversity) 4
Arcanoi: Embody 2, Fatalism 1, Inhabit 3, Moliate 4, Out-
rage 3, Pandemonium 4
Fetters: Hang Thieu (the girl whom he believes to possess
his former girlfriend's soul) 5
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 5
P'o: The Freak
Angst: 5
Shadow Passions: Raze the monastery to the ground (Rage) 4,
Twist the minds of others (Hate) 2
Thorns: Shadow Trait (Strength x4)
Image: Hoang Lam makes a point of changing the way he
looks often, never pleased with himself. With each new face,
he reaches new levels of insanity and revulsion.
Roleplaying hints: Be scary and psychopathic. Stab yourself
occasionally, just for the experience. Do whatever it takes to
creep others out, and feed on their reactions.

Chi

No one is sure when Chi was born, or when he died.
The oldest wraiths in the asylum all remember Chi as al-
ready being an established force when they first entered the
Shadowlands. He is reluctant to speak of his past, and seems
content to stay in the monastery gardens and play hide and
seek with any passersby. When not pursuing youthful pas-
times, Chi wanders the halls of the monastery, apparently
looking for someone or something.

Chi's true story will always remain a mystery. Suffice to
say that he doesn't care who owns the monastery, as long as

A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion


they allow him to remain. The players may be able to con-
vince Chi to assist them in their mission if they are gentle
in their approach. If the players attempt to harm Chi, or
force him to do anything he doesn't want to do, he will
turn on them with force that only great age can produce,
and a ferocity that only a child's tantrum can rival.

If the characters talk to him, Chi will start to play games
with them. These games include "hide the nice person's
important Artifact," "stand near the nice people and scream
at the top of our lungs" and the ever popular "sneak up on
the nice people when they're really paranoid and scream."
More innocent games may follow, like catch or tag.
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Child
Circle: The Committed
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 5, Brawl 1, Dodge 5, Empa-
thy 4, Expression 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Meditation 4, Performance 3,
Stealth 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Linguistics 2, Occult 1
Passions: Play (Joy) 5, Make the garden bloom (Love) 4,
Heal the souls in the asylum (Compassion) 2

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Embody 4, Fatalism 3, Keening 4, Pan-
demonium 3, Way of the Farmer 3, Way of the Scholar 2
Fetters: The garden 5, small icon of the Buddha kept in the
monastery basement 4

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 10

Permanent Corpus: 10

P'o: The Leech

Angst: 3

Shadow Passions: Make the games deadly (Contempt) 4
Thorns: Shadow Call

Image: Chi appears as a wizened old man, remarkably similar in
looks to the iconic pictures of Ho Chi Minh himself scattered
throughout the city. He moves with almost alarming speed and
grace and there is a clear intelligence that burns in his eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: There are matters of great importance
afoot, but they don't matter to you much. Stay in your gar-
den, play your games and allow the world to pass you by. You
have enough power to protect what you love.

SS

SAT 7

BS =


Spectres

Blame

Blame is an old doppleganger, very old indeed. He was
once a loyal Protector of the Prosperous Realm, but his
quest for advancement led him down dark paths and even-
tually his soul was consumed by Oblivion. Even this could
not dissuade him from his quest for grandeur, and Blame
continued existence as a doppleganger. Part of the Impe-
tial occupation forces during his prior existence, Blame is
driven to take Saigon at all costs. When Roth approached
him with his proposition, Blame jumped at the opportu-
nity to tear a hole in downtown Saigon.

Blame intends to allow Roth to take the monastery, and
then inform the Empire as to the Legion's whereabouts. He
hopes that in the ensuing chaos, his troupe of Spectres will
be able to dash in and secure the area. By playing both ends
against one another, Blame aspires to swallow them both
and drag them all into the Labyrinth.

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Conniver

Caste: Doppleganger

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Em-
pathy 1, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Performance 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Law 1, Occult 2,
Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Shadowlands 5, Status 2
Dark Passions: Subdue Saigon (Fanaticism) 5, Destroy the
Protectorate (Hate) 3

Arcanoi: Contaminate 3, Hive Mind 4, Intimation 2, Lar-
ceny 3, Pandemonium 4, Tempest-Weaving 3, Usury 1
Shade Powers: None

Fetters: None

Being (Fanaticism): 8

Permanent Corpus: 10

Angst: 10

Psyche: The Agent

Passions: End Chaos in the Empire (Duty) 2

Fronds: Guilt, Penance

Image: Blame looks like whatever Blame wants to look like,
but so as to avoid offending Roth's sensibilities, generally he
appears as a mousy looking accountant type.
Roleplaying Hints: Saigon will be yours. The triumph that
evaded you as a wraith, when you could not control the sub-
versive city, will be yours as a Spectre. Roth is just one more
tool to be used and then discarded when his edge grows dull.
In the meantime, agree to whatever he wants. It doesn't cost
you anything.

A Voice in the Wilderness: The Lost Legion

——————


Na
von Mn


In The

House

of Pika Don

by james A. Moore

and Allen Tower

My God. What have we done?
— Robert Lewis, copilot of the
Enola Gay, personal journal entry

t 8:15 AM on August 6, 1945, the deto-
nation of the atomic bomb called "Little

instantly. The bomb's effects pulled an ad-
| ditional fifty thousand more to their
deaths over the next few months. The
devastation in the Skinlands was im-
mense. In the Yellow Springs, the effect was even more terri-
fying. A Nihil of immense proportions ripped open the
Shadowlands and brought with it the Fifth Great Maelstrom,
a storm strong enough to cause damage in every realm of the
Dead. More than 50 years have passed since the last Great
Maelstrom, and the memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are
faded, if still painful. In these two cities rests the proof that
even wraiths need fear death.

Hiroshima is the home of a monumental Nihil, as well
as the Malfean known to Japanese wraiths as Pika Don. Most
who venture to Hiroshima leave as quickly as they can, for
the city is ruled by the Spectres and their hunger for destruc-
tion is legendary. Members of the Fist of Nippon supposedly

operate from the city's fringes, ducking into the Spectre-
haunted ruins when Imperial Censors come too close, but for
most Hiroshima is a terrible place, to be feared and shunned.

The city is constantly monitored by all factions. The Jade
Empire, the Hierarchy and the Fist of Nippon all have wraiths
who observe the area. Not much is known of what actually
goes on in the city, but the reports flowing to the Jade Palace
and the Isle speak of wonders and terrrors: spectral buildings
re-forming themselves from the stuff of Maelstroms; moving
shadows painted on walls; even the relic of a weapon of mass
destruction. It is the last rumor, which has finally reached
the Emperor's ears, that has spurred the great Bureaucracy
Into action.

The Jade Empire believes a weapon strong enough to
destroy even the fiercest resistance is hidden within the Ni-
hil. Yu Huang is offering great rewards to any who can re-
trieve this Artifact. The Hierarchy believes that anything Yu
Huang wants should be in their hands instead, and the Fist of
Nippon seeks whatever lies within the Nihil to fend off the
Jade Emperor once and for all.

99 §

In The House of Pika Don


hil that is of value. Success means heavy
{| rewards. Failure in the mission means
stiff penalties. The players are given a
chance to barter for better compensa-
tion and lesser fines for failure.

Scene Two

The Cohort travels to Hiroshima, encountering several
threats along the way and learning that they have competi-
tion for the prize. The Hierarchy, the Jade Empire and the
Fist of Nippon are all after the great weapon within the Ni-
hil, and no one is willing to accept anything but the prize.

Scene Three

The prize is very real and so are the Spectres. Retrieving
the weapon requires entering the Nihil and forcibly taking
the powerful Artifact from its depths. The only obstacles are
a small army of Spectres and one Malfean.

Scene Four

Revealed for what it is, the Artifact proves to be of sub-
stantial size. Now the task is simply to get the bomb back
home and claim the rewards. There is just one more obstacle:
the other teams who have come to claim the prize.

What is Really Going On

The great Malfean, Pika Don, has tormented the few
wraiths around Hiroshima since the destruction of the city in
the Skinlands. It has drawn the Restless from their haunts and
either destroyed or converted them for some time. Now, how-
ever, Pika Don has seemingly disappeared, leaving behind only
the powerful Artifact once known to the living as Little Boy.

The Jade Empire, the Hierarchy and the Fist of Nippon
have all heard rumors that the first atomic bomb has now
become a relic, but each fears this is only a ploy by the other
parties, an attempt to bring in others bearing weapons which
can be stolen and used against them. More importantly, ev-
eryone fears that this may be another ploy by Pika Don, who
is always looking for wraiths to destroy. That is where the
characters' Cohort comes in.

100

The main theme of "In The House of Pika Don" is des-
peration. The Cohort must race against time to prevent oth-
ers from claiming their prize. Success means high rewards,
but failure almost certainly means being destroyed. The Co-
hort is not alone in their fears. The other Circles sent to re-
trieve the Artifact are in the same situation, and will act with
suitable desperation and courage. No risk is too great to claim
the prize, for the existences of not only the competing Co-
hort but of their entire civilizations are on the line.

Mood

The mood of "In The House of Pika Don" is fear. The
situation is grim for the Cohort. The Spectres of Hiroshima
are well-known and universally feared. Alleged to do unspeak-
able things to the wraiths they catch, they seldom fail to cap-
ture their prey. Additionally, the Shadowlands of Hiroshima
are far more terrifying than is the norm, with spectral fires
erupting at odd times, and small Maelstroms known to come
from the Nihil of Pika Don almost daily. Success is a must.
Failure is almost a certainty.

Scene One:
The Gathering Clouds

We have discovered the most terrible bomb in the world. It may be
the fire destruction prophesied in the Euphrates Valley area after
— Harry Truman, personal thoughts from his diary

- he Cohort is called together by their di-

( © rect superior, who in turn has been asked
> RS \¢ $4) not in the principality, but in the Jade Pal-

i 1, ace itself. (For more information on the

— Dark Kingddm of Jade and Chapter 3:
The Well of Night.) While the players wait for the Magis-
move through the room, including 10 members of the Im-
mortal Guard. Several other Cohorts are also present. Some
parently gathered together for the same reason. While many
of the characters may have questions, the only answer they
tions when the time is right." Discussions with members of
other Cohorts will prove equally fruitless, as most of these

Noah and his famous Ark.
N to bring them before the local Magistrates,
KY
Palace and how it can be reached, see
trates, several well dressed and obviously important people
are there before the players, some arrive later. They are ap-
are granted is simply: "You will know the answers to your ques-
wraiths have no idea as to what they are doing either.


Each of the districts has been ordered to gather their fin-
est young soldiers for a special mission into the Conquered
Lands. Depending on the flavor of your chronicle, the char-
acters may actually be the best young soldiers in the district
or simply the most expendable. Not all of the magistrates or
their assistants are willing to sacrifice their best at the whim
of the Emperor. Some magistrates may take this opportunity
to rid themselves of potential threats to their position or even
as a method of meting out punishment. They will, in any
case, sing the praises of the Cohort before the Commander of
all the Armies, Peng Xin.

While the Cohort is left waiting for a while, Peng Xin
takes all of the magistrates aside and speaks with them. Char-
acters who take the time to pay attention will soon ga
that there is a great deal of politicking taking place. Fully
half of the gathered Cohorts are dismissed before the general
speaks to those who remain.

her

Peng Xin will take time at this point to explain the situ-
ation to the remaining wraiths. "Word has come that a great
weapon has been discovered in Hiroshima. It is believed that
this weapon would make it possible for the Jade Empire to
bring the Hierarchy to its knees and allow our lord, Yu Huang,
the Jade Emperor, to claim what is rightfully his: dominion
over all of the lands of the dead." At this point, the general
pauses for a moment, allowing the impact of his words to sink
in to all of the characters. Should anyone murmur for too

long or attempt to ask questions, however, Peng Xin holds up
one hand for silence. The wise wraith will choose to be quiet.

"Yu Huang, the Jade Emperor, has asked that the magis-
trates from every district and every city select their finest
warriors for a special mission. You have all been honored by
your leaders and selected for this task." Once again, the gen-
briefly. "Success in this matter is of great neces-
s s inconceivable. The Emperor has expressed a
personal interest in this, and has stated that the successful
retrieval of a the Artifact at Hiroshima would be greatly re-
warded. Who among you will do this deed for our Emperor?"

Whether or not the Cohort speaks up, the other gath-
ered wraiths immediately volunteer their services. Should the
members of the Cohort not volunteer, their local magistrate
takes the choice away from them and volunteers their ser-
vices. There is little choice in the matter. Moments later, the
general moves off to a smaller room and the magistrates wait,
going one by one into a separate room to speak with Peng
Xin. As soon as the general is out of the main chamber, the
magistrate will verbally and possibly even physically repri-
mand any who did not volunteer. The more astute among
the players should be allowed to make a Wits + Bureaucracy
roll (difficulty 7) to realize that the magistrates are each at-
tempting to bribe the general. The Artifact is of such impor-
tance that every magistrate is trying to ensure their personal
choice is the group selected to go.

In The House of Pika Don

101


The Known Facts

Peng Xin can give the following
information about their objective,
but will only do so if he is asked. Oth-
erwise, he will brief the characters on
their mission objectives. Specifically,
the characters are to be transported
by the Imperial Navy to the ruins of
Hiroshima, where they are to infil-
trate the Nihil, extract the Artifact,
and transport their booty home. Any
injured wraiths are to be left behind
in the interest of the mission's suc-
cess; nothing is more important than
the task. Any others either prevent-
ing the Cohort from retrieving the
weapon or attempting to take the
weapon themselves should be dealt
with summarily. The additional in-
formation Peng Xin will not volun-
teer is:

e The Necropolis of Hiroshima
is primarily populated by Spectres.
All attempts to overwhelm the Spec-
tres and take the city back have been
met with failure. There have been ru-
mors that the Spectres are weaken-
ing, however.

e A Malfean called Pika Don is
said to reside within the Nihil at
Hiroshima. The great Malfean has not
been seen in over three years and is
believed by some observers to have left
the place entirely.

102 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Pe.

e The Fist of Nippon and the Hi-
erarchy are both aware of the Artifact
within the Nihil and are allegedly
sending their own retrieval teams.

e The Emperor believes that a
small group of wraiths has a better
chance of retrieving the Artifact than a
large battalion, which would immedi-
ately be detected and forced into pitched
battle by the Spectres. A smaller group
might be able to evade detection.

e The reward for succeeding in
this quest is one boon from the Emperor
himself. The possibilities are endless:
wealth, Artifacts, titles and even full
citizenship if the Cohort comes from
one of the Conquered Territories.

e Failure to accomplish the mis-
sion could result in Sundering, or if
the Emperor is in a good mood, being
placed within Ti Yu, the Earth Prison,
for a century.

e Upon request, each member of
the Cohort will be given a fine sword
of White Jade which is theirs to keep
upon successful completion of their
mission. i

e Also upon request, the Cohort
will be granted the use of two kuei-go.
They will be held responsible for the
safe return of the monstrous killing ma-
chines. (For more information on kuei-

go, see Dark Kingdom of Jade)


After having their questions answered, two mem-
bers of the Immortal Guard will appear and escort the
Cohort to one of the Emperor's Jade Ships, which sets
sail for the harbor at Hiroshima. The crew of the ship
can also answer questions for the Cohort, but their an-
swers are not quite along the same lines as those Peng
Xin gave.

e Hiroshima is alive with Spectres. They are ev-
erywhere and often hide among the ruin:

e¢ Many of the buildings in Hiroshima are said
to have a life of their own: They are sometimes in ru-
ins and sometimes in perfect shape. There is no way of
knowing when they will suddenly collapse and sent
deadly shards of metal and brick away from the center
of the blast zone into the distance.

¢ The great explosion that leveled the city is still
there, burning like a thousand suns above the Nihil.
But the fire is all black and there is a great cold where
there should be heat.

e There are shadows burned into the walls of the
buildings. The Spectres have made the shadows their
haunts and lie in wait for wraiths who get too close to
them. Some say the shadows themselves are alive and
move from building to building, looking at the wraiths
and calling out for help.

e Pika Don is capable of swallowing wraiths and
forging them into weapons within his bowels. Most of
the wraiths foolish enough to enter Hiroshima now are
carried as weapons by the Spectres. Those are the lucky
ones; the unfortunate end up as Spectres themselves.

e = The Nihil is actually growing smaller, which is
why there are now fewer Spectres in the city.

e From time to time, the great explosion which
hovers above the city drops down and tears through
the city again, sweeping all of the wraiths into the Ni-
hil and sending spectral flames across the entire city.

Attacked!

About halfway through the journey, the characters'
ship is approached by another craft, one manned by
Bugis mercenaries. The Bugis have sources too, and they
have heard about the great Artifact of Hiroshima. They
offer, for a fee, to escort the ship safely through to
Hiroshima.

The captain of the characters' vessel has his orders
from Peng Xin, and declines their "generous offer." The
Bugis then do exactly what they'd planned to do all
along, and attempt to storm the ship.

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Lin-
guistics 4 (Japanese, Cantonese, English, Vietnamese), Medi-
cine 2, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts 3 (True Jade sword), Contacts 5
Passions: Acquire wealth and power (Greed) 5, Out-maraud
any other captain with whom you share the seas (Pride) 3
Arcanoi: Argos 5, Lifeweb 3, Moliate 2, Usury 1

Fetters: Family 2

Permanent Corpus: 8

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 6

P'o: The Director

Angst: 4

Thorns: Shadow Call, Tainted Touch

Shadow Passions: Lead your followers to certain doom (Sa-
dism) 4, Wreck every Bugi captain out there (Self-hatred) 2
Image: The captain is a lean, hard man, seemingly carved
from mahogany. His skin is covered in various tattoos re-
flecting the places he's been, and his clothes are an eclectic
mess of various cultures clashing. His left hand has been
Moliated into a five-fingered set of fishing hooks, the better
with which to rend and tear opponents.

Background: The captain has sailed the Tempest for so long
that he barely even remembers his days before coming to

he Bugis Mercenaries.

The Bugis are very experienced pirates, capable of taking
the ship if that were their intent. But their actual mission is to
capture at least one of the Cohort for information and trading
purposes. While the battle rages all around, the captain and
seven of his crew will actively seek to kidnap at least one and
possibly more of the Cohort for the purpose of bartering. Tell-
ing the crew of the ship from the Cohort is not difficult; even
the way a longtime sailor stands and walks is markedly different
from a wraith used to standing and living on land. Unless the
members of the Cohort have sailing experience, they will be
easily marked.

Below are sample stats for the Bugis:

Busi Captain

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Bugis Pirates

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Intuition 2

Skills: Sailing 5, Firearms 1, Leadership 4, Melee 3, Survival 5

104 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

< £C Fs.


the Shadowlands. He knows only that his family is still alive
and that he must protect them when he can. Aside from his
family, he cares only for the thrill of riding the Tempest and
taking what he can from those weaker than he.
Roleplaying Hints: It's nothing personal. You just want what
the Cohort has: Knowledge of the great Artifact. You have no
intentions of harming their friend. You simply want the Arti-
fact for your own. What a bargaining tool!

Sample Bugs Sailor

Nature: Follower

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Bugis Pirates

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Skills: Sailing 5, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Medicine 2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5

Passions: Seek adventure (Lust) 3, Avoid disappointing the
Captain (Terror) 1

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Moliate 2, Pandemonium 2

@ 4

Fetters: Varied

Permanent Corpus: 7

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

P'o: The Monster

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Tainted Relic (1 pt.)

Dark Passions: Loot, Pillage, Murder and Rape (Bloodlust) 5,
Please the Captain (Fear) 2

Image: The sailors are as eclectic as their captain. Some are
Asian, others are Caucasian, Indian or even Slavic. The
group is an unruly wolfpack in combat, shrieking, hissing
and swinging swords.

Background: Pirates and mercenaries, most are on the verge
of losing their Fetters. Like the captain, few care about the
world before they became what they are now.

Roleplaying Hints: Always follow the captain's orders. So
far, he has brought you fame and fortune. There is no reason
to doubt he will continue to do so.

Ifa character is captured by the Bugis, they will imme-
diately retreat to their ship and cast off to a safe distance. A
rough-and-ready interrogation will take place, and the char-
acter will be pumped for all he knows about the mission

In The House of Pika Don 105


(troop strength, destination, target, etc.). In the meantime,
the captain will begin negotiating for the prisoner's release.

The captain of the Imperial ship will insist upon aban-
doning the prisoner and heading at once for Hiroshima.
He will use the argument that the mission comes first,
and that a delay to retrieve the unfortunate kidnap vic-
tim will simply allow other groups to reach the Nihil first.
There is also the question of what the characters can of-
fer the Bugis; their swords will make a fine starting offer.

Once they have their information, the Bugis will be
extremely interested in selling the prisoner and making
their escape. They already have a ready buyer waiting in
the Tempest, a team of Fist of Nippon extraction experts.
Should the ransom of the kidnapped character be made,
the Bugis Captain will laughingly inform the characters
of his next appointment even as his ship vanishes into
the Tempest.

Reaching Harbor

From the harbor the Cohort must row to the city
proper and proceed alone. They are given two relic flares
which they may ignite to summon the ship back into
the harbor. If they fail to retrieve the Artifact, they are
not to use the flares.

in The Cold Wastelands

The city is/was situated in a valley — on one side the moun-
tains, on the other the sea. As you stand in the middle of town, for
miles on every side nothing rises above the level of your knees ex-
cept for the shell of a building or the grotesque skeleton of a tree or
perhaps a mound where the rubble has been pushed into a pile .
— Ensign Osborn Elliot, excerpts from a letter home.
imply landing at the bay is not enough.
Despite the calm waters around the dev-

astated Necropolis, the city itself is in ru-
| ins. Very few buildings stand amid the
}!/ rubble, and most of those are toward the
center of the blast zone, far from where
the Cohort lands. The ground is treach-
erous and deadly. Shards of half-molten glass lie buried among
the fragments of stone, wood and metal.

The air is dark with soot and flecks of burnt flesh dance
among the ruins, fluttering like leaves in an autumn wind.

Sly


Above the spot where the buildings still stand, a massive
roiling black cloud swirls in a constant explosion. Despite
the violent motion and flashes of light that come from the
cloud, there is no sound coming from the blast.

As the Cohort walks through the city, they see shapes
in the distance, vaguely humanoid but twisted and burnt,
slinking among the rubble. From time to time a figure will
rise, turn toward the center of the city and scream as it
bursts into flames. The burning shapes run howling, only
to explode into a ball of fire a few seconds later. The flames
erupting from these figures are extremely hot and do two
levels of damage to anyone within 10 feet when the blast
goes off. These burning forms leave a shadow cast across
the rubble or buildings where they finally explode. If the
Cohort waits long enough, they will see the very same fig-
ures lift themselves from the ground and repeat the process
again and again.

Closer to the epicenter of the original explosion, a few
buildings remain standing. All of the structures are in excel-
lent condition, especially for edifices residing within the
Shadowlands. A small church stands among the existing
structures. It is in perfect shape. It almost seems as if there is
a weird sort of rebuilding going on here, perhaps as a result
of the radioactivity unleashed a half century before. None
of the characters are likely to have seen anything like it,
and particularly observant characters may notice peeling
paint flecks working themselves back onto walls. Several
cars are here as well. Should the characters attempt to start
any of the vehicles, however, they have no success.

Just past the last standing building, a massive crater
leads down towards the depths of Pika Don's Nihil.

The characters must make their way from the harbor
to the Nihil itself, dodging the various inhabitants of
Hiroshima. The light from Hiroshima Memorial Peace Park
is clearly visible once the characters enter the city, but those
who wish to investigate this phenomenon more closely may
regret the decision. Spectres, oni and akuna hover around
the edge of the park, hedging in those souls fortunate
enough to reach its confines. Any attempt to reach the
park's sanctuary is likely to be more of a fight than what-
ever the characters are fleeing from.

On the other hand, the way to the Nihil at the center
of the city is almost perfectly clear.

qhe Nihil

The Nihil appears as a massive crater, easily a mile
across. The edge of the ground around the Nihil is black-
ened and glassy, with small spots every few inches that
pulse with heat and light. A heavy fog seethes a few feet
below the edge, and the fog is lit by a greenish glow com-
ing from beneath. Occasionally, dark shapes move through
the fog. They resemble nothing human.

Starting just a few inches below the burnt crust of the
Nihil's edge, there is a long, gently sloping path that has
obviously been carved with care. The path runs the entire
circumference of the crater and leads downward in a spiral.
The walls of the pit are black and dark gray. Anyone look-
ing at the walls soon realizes that the rough-textured sides of
the pit move slowly in an endless dance of pain. The lighter

Hiroshima Memorial Peace Park
haunt Level: 2
Memoriam Level: 3

All is not bleak here, however. In the
heart of the city lies the Hiroshima Me-

site in the Skinlands, it projects incredibly
strong emotions of both sadness and hope
tinged with the heavy knowledge of its fail-
ure. The eternal flame casts a light that is
visible from most locations with a clear
view in the Shadowlands, and all servitors
of Oblivion are distinctly uncomfortable in
the direct light of its flame (roll Angst, dif-
ficulty 6 or suffer one wound level per round
of exposure). This effect extends to the
perimeter of the actual park, though many
oni are instinctively uncomfortable in the
light of the flame, and skulk from shadow
to shadow through the clearer areas of the
city. The Peace Park make:
area for any unfortunate enough to die in
Hiroshima, yet it is more a prison than a
; oni, akuna and other creatures lurk

n effective safe

fortre
in the shadows around the perimeter, wait-
ing for any wraiths to stray from the pro-
tective light. Nonetheless, the Peace Park
remains a destination of hardy and head-
strong pilgrims, particularly veterans and

victims of cancer.


areas of the walls are actually trapped souls, burned into the
very fabric of the Nihil. Close examination shows that these
tortured spirits are aware of everything going on around them,
but unable to break free from their prison.

Directly above the Nihil, the sky is filled with rapidly
swirling clouds. The storm boils and throws an eerie light
outwards from time to time. From so short a distance, the
sounds of a thousand screams comes from within the cloud.
As with the distant ruins, shreds of burnt flesh swirl within
the storm above. This is in actuality a Maelstrom. It has not
moved since the explosion that destroyed Hiroshima 50 years
earlier. Anyone foolish enough to attempt touching the
Maelstrom is immediately yanked into its depths, never to
be seen again.

This suspended Maelstrom is also the home of most
of the Spectres in Hiroshima.

Scene Three: into The Nii

Lewis said he could taste the fission; it tasted like lead.
—Newsweek, July 24, 1995, "A bright light filled the plane."
he Cohort must actually enter the Nihil
in order to retrieve the Artifact they seek.
Unlike most Nihils, however, the Nihil
of Pika Don is constantly open. The burn-
{| ing green mists of Pika Don's Nihil main-
tain the great gaping wound where
Hiroshima once stood.

The spiraling pathway leading into the green mists is covered
with a heavy soot. The soot is harmless, but hides many deep
gaps in the actual pathway. Both Glowing Hands and Scream-
ers tend to roam the path, making the trek a dangerous one.
Characters who stand still and avoid contact with the Scream-
ers need not fear Spectres or the other inhabitants of the depths.
Just the same, the Glowing Hands will take full advantage of
their habitat. The Hands tend to hide in the crevices of the
trail, waiting for a wraith to pass before leaping out and attach-
ing themselves to their victims.

A strong wind pulls against the Cohort as they move
downward, drawing them faster and faster into the depths of
the Nihil. Between the heavy soot and the wind, the char-
acters need to make five consecutive successes (Dexterity +
Athletics, difficulty 6) or be sucked down into the Nihil.
Should the Cohort have come prepared for climbing into
the Nihil and have ropes of other similarly useful relics, the
difficulty for their downward climb is reduced to 4.

Any characters looking up will also notice that there is anew
threat to their quest: another band of wraiths is in the process of
heading down into the Nihil. While the characters' Cohort has

an obvious head start, there is now competition for the prize.

108 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

in the Pit

Use of any Arcanoi in the Nihil will immediately no-
tify the Spectres that they have company. One Wounded
Demon for each member of the Cohort will come up from
the depths below in order to stop the characters. The
Wounded Demons are hungry and do not negotiate.

The further into the great Nihil that the Cohort travels, the
more treacherous the ground becomes. By the time they have
reached the base of the chasm, just keeping one's footing is ex-
tremely difficult. The process of ascent should be daunting.

At the very center of the Nihil, a dark spine of what appears
to be glass thrusts toward the Maelstrom far above. Aside from
this, there is little to see at the bottom of the Nihil. The glowing
green fog completely covers the ground up to knee height. Far
above, the raging Maelstrom is barely visible through the heavy
glowing mists. Every word spoken is amplified and echoes eerily.

As the Cohort approaches the very center of the Nihil,
the glassy spire can be seen in greater detail. The tower is
made up of countless bodies twisting and contorting in agony.
The mouths of a thousand or more people are opened in
perpetual silent screams, and the eyes of the people beg for
mercy. Occasionally a hand will reach out briefly, and the
fine detail allows the characters to see the hairline fractures
that run through every part of the great crystalline spire. At
the base of this great structure, the Artifact the Cohort rests
in a cradle of crystalline souls.

The Artifact

The Great Artifact of Hiroshima is none other than the
atomic bomb which leveled the city in the Skinlands. Little
Boy rests in the glowing mists atop the Nihil proper, though
it looks little like it did before. Basically oval in shape, Little
Boy is fully 10 feet around and 15 feet in length. The mas-

Consequences of Thelt

av powerful Artifact, but
just how powerful is anyone's guess. One thing
is certain, however: the Spectres of Hir
will not touch the weapon. They are afraid of
its power, and for understandable reasor
long as the Cohort has Little Boy in th
olested by the

ima

T pos-
session, they will remain un
e to touch the
le).
Even the mindless denizens of the pit will in-
away; only the Hachiman
Dragons will attack the thieves

Spectres (who have no des
thing in order to haul it back to its

stinctively

0 JZ

5s


nded ©
4g da
| cays! _" 4
{ # m, oP,
‘e | _ me

sive bomb glows with an inner light that far surpasses the
heavy fog around it. The hellish glow is nearly blinding, and
the shape generates a cold that is painful to the touch.

Anyone touching Little Boy for an extended period of time
(one full Scene or more) suffers two levels of damage as the
cold destroys part of their Corpus. Extended exposure to this
hellish cold literally freezes the Corpus of any wraith to the
point where it becomes brittle and shatters under its own weight.

Surrounding the Artifact are the six Hachiman Drag-
ons. Extremely powerful, these warriors cannot be bargained
with or bribed. Subverted by the Malfean decades ago, the
Hachiman Dragons are faithful to their master, Pika Don
However, they are also loyal to Nippon. The characters, if
they are sufficiently cunning, may well be able to convince
the Hachiman Dragons to release Little Boy by convincing
them that the bomb is the only way to finally bring an end
to the Jade Emperor's subjugation of Japan.

Even if the characters cannot convince the Hachiman
Dragons that they represent the Fist of Nippon, the group
coming down behind them certainly does. Wise wraiths will
recognize the opportunity here and understand that ambush-
ing another Cohort of wraiths is likely to be a lot easier than
taking on the Hachiman Dragons. Let the Fist of Nippon do
the dirty work and then take the prize from them.

am), 1a Lif

Nitra

BAe St,
A MeN

qi
Re
\

' "4 4
Wy met ot

Standard Cohort Member

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Survivor

Circle: The Fist of Nippon Hiroshima Expeditionary Team
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 1, Lin-
guistics 2, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4

Passions: Free Japan (Patriotism) 5, Destroy the Empire (Hate) 3
Arcanoi: Argos 2 (5 Dots in any of the following: Keening,
Lifeweb, Moliate, Outrage, Pandemonium, Phantasm, Pup-
petry, Usury)

Fetters: Varies

Permanent Corpus: 8

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 6


The arth Stttering Kaboom

In extremis, the
they m:
suicidally insane reasons may seem appropriate at
the time. While certainly an interesting approach
to the problem of encroaching enemies, the ques-
tion of how to do so remains problematic.

racters could
s well detonate Little Boy, for whatever

First of all, very few characters are likely to have
enough skill in nuclear engineering or thermonuclear
weapons maintenance to actually detonate the bomb.
It's not simply a matter of pr
Artifact form an atomic bomb is a sophisticated piece
of equipment unimaginably far removed from the
daily experience of most characters.

ing a button; even in

Even if there is a character with sufficient skill to
decipher a method of detonation, there is hardly likely
to be time for the detailed study this will require. Ex-
amining an object that one can't even touch while
being assaulted by a half-dozen rampaging Hachiman
Dragons is a less than ideal way to go about it.

Ideally, the characters will retrieve the bomb and
signal for pickup. They will be ferried home and appro-
priately rewarded. The bomb will disappear into the
Jade Palace, where the Emperor's brightest and most
loyal servants will attempt to decipher its secrets. Of
course, the characters may well have second thoughts
about the power they have placed in their Emperor's
hands, and may wish to rectify their mistake...

Should the characters, by dint of outrageous
luck, inhuman cleverness and ungodly intuition,
actually manage to detonate the bomb, things get
serious quickly. The explosion will tear open a Ni-
hil covering the entire city, releasing Pika Don and
his hordes of Spectres. The Sixth Great Maelstrom
will unfurl itself, and as far away as nighted Stygia
the Sunless Sea will rise and crash at the great gates.
As events in the Shadowlands tend to be echoed
in the Skinlands, some horrible catastrophe will
overtake Hiroshima, which will set up a feedback
loop with the Shadowlands, ripping the Nihil open
even wider. The characters will almost certainly be
incinerated instantly; if not, Pika Don will make a
point of expressing his personal thanks to them.

Attempting to detonate Little Boy is not a rec-
ommended course of acti

g 110 Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

P'o: The Martyr

Angst: 6

Image: Similar in number and appearance to the characters'
Cohort

Thorns: Shadow Dice (Strength) 3

Dark Passions: Blow the Empire to hell and himself with it
(Hatred) 5

Background: Just like the characters, the Cohort is here to
retrieve the Great Artifact. Otherwise, they wouldn't be
caught dead within 50 miles of the place.

Roleplaying Hints: These are not vile, Spectral foes. These
are wraiths. Just as with the players, they have their fears
and their weaknesses. The Storyteller may wish to expand
and add depth to the Cohort, in order to make their impact
on the characters even more significant. Destroying these
wraiths should provide the characters' Shadows with plenty
of good source material. After all, they're not evil. They are
guilty only of wanting the same thing that the players do.

Scene four:
The journey Home

On that day half a century ago, we felt pity but no remorse.
In our view, the atom bomb had saved thousands of lives — quite
possibly our own.

— Osborn Elliot, "Eyewitness," an article in Newsweek,

July 24, 1995

ven if the competing wraiths and the
Hachiman Dragons have been dealt
with, the Cohort must still bring their
prize back out into the Shadowlands
from the Nihil and turn it over to their
superiors. The Jade Empire has provided
a boat and flares, but unless the charac-
ters had the forethought to bring extra equipment, they
now must physically carry Little Boy back up the long spi-
raling path out of the Nihil.

Once out of the Nihil of Pika Don, they must still work
their way back to the harbor before they can expect any
further assistance. Other teams of retrieval experts may still
be lurking in the ruins, waiting for the characters to do the
hard part before swooping in and stealing the prize. Poten-
tially, the threat exists that the other groups could wrest
the Artifact away with little or no trouble from characters
weakened by a series of running battles.

The Cohort has one advantage over any bushwhackers,
however. The Spectres will not bother them so long as they

7
WS


possess Little Boy. Using Arcanoi in Hiroshima always brings
the Spectres running. While it may have been true that few
Spectres responded to the initial actions of the Cohort, the
characters now have a very powerful Artifact in their posses-
sion, and the earlier skirmishes have now brought most of
Hiroshima's Spectres into the area around the Nihil. Even if
the characters use their Arcanoi to attract the Spectres, they
are safe. The same is not true for any other wraiths in the
area. As the characters look on, any Spectres brought out by
the use of Arcanoi swarm through the area, consuming or
destroying any wraiths who do not have possession of Little
Boy. Any group attacking the characters in order to steal the
bomb will rapidly find itself fighting a two-front battle.

If the characters do manage to avoid conflict in this
manner, the Storyteller is encouraged to get into graphic
detail as to the means of their opponents' demise.

Once safely away from any attempted hijackings, the
characters have only to deliver the prize in order to gain
their rewards.

But what about Little Boy? With so powerful a weapon
in the hands of one ruler, what ramifications will the news
bring? That matter is entirely in the hands of the Storyteller,
who is encouraged to make the most of the situation.

Dag Along The Way

| everal types of Spectres are extremely
common in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Most of them have never been encoun-
tered in other areas, though whether or
| not the atomic explosions are responsible
AI for their creation is uncertain. In addi-
tion, the region hosts creatures that ap-
pear to have crawled from the most tortured depths of the
Tempest. Neither Spectre nor anything else known, beings
such as the Burning Hands and the Screamers are as unique
as they are terrifying.

Most of the Spectres will attack anything that catches
their interest. The good news is that the characters normally
have to work at getting noticed. Simply walking through
the ruins of Hiroshima is not enough to catch the attention
of the less human denizens. However, use of any Arcanoi is
almost certain to get a character noticed. Once the Spectres
have realized that they are not alone, they will attack. Any
Spectres getting injured will call out in a hideous screeching
voice and immediately draw others of their type to them.

Storytellers should avoid sending too many of the Spectres
out in a group. Hiroshima is a fairly large city, and most of the
Spectres will only be able to gather two to three more to them by
calling out. The only exception is the Children of the Atom,
who are unaware of anything save their own perpetual torment.

, Childten of te Atom

-a7 ie

Children of the Atom

Nature: Tormented Soul

Demeanor: Tormented Soul

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 0

Talents: None

Skills: None

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: None

Passions: Relive their demise eternally (Despair) 3, Flee the
great explosion (Terror) 5

Arcanoi: None

Fetters: Hiroshima 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shade Powers: Burning (See Below)

Willpower: 1

Angst: 5

Image: When inactive, the Children of the Atom appear as
silhouettes on the walls of the few standing buildings. When
in their active form, the Children materialize as burning fig-
ures moving constantly and attempting to flee from some-

In The House of Pika Don 111 §


thing directly behind them. Any attempt to move the rubble
where one of the Children is "resting" will immediately bring
the Spectre into its active state.

Background: The Children of the Atom are effectively mind-
less kuei. They are forever trapped in the shadows where they
were burned away in the nuclear conflagration that destroyed
Hiroshima. The Children are incapable of rational thought,
but will respond to the summoning calls of wraiths who at-
tempt to communicate with them.

Roleplaying Hints: You are incapable of actual speech, but
you are aware of everything that goes on around you. You
are just beyond caring because the pain is too extreme.
Writhe in pain; you're on fire! If someone tries to get your
attention, hold out your arms and beg with your eyes for
release from this eternal damnation.

Storyteller's Note: Burning is a Shade Power that costs 1
Angst. When Burning, the Children of the Atom release a
hideous Spectral flame from all over their body. This flame
wo levels of Aggravated damage to any wraith touch-
ing it. The Children of the Atom do not consciously con-
trol this power, and it will remain active until they have
once again expended all of their Angst. While inactive, the
Children regenerate their Angst.

cause!

112

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

Nature: Maniac

Demeanor: Maniac

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 1
Skills: Stealth 4

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Haunt 3

Passions: Sociopathic loathing of everything that is not cor-
rupted by Pika Don (Hate) 5

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Keening 4, Pandemonium |

Fetters: Hiroshima 5

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shade Powers: Bind, Numbing the Heart, Pathos Drain
Willpower: 6

Angst: 10

Image: Keloids vary radically in their appearance. These Spectres
are among the most vicious (and viscous) of all the servants of
Oblivion roaming about Hiroshima. Most are only vaguely human-


oid, and have developed jagged mouths filled with hollow, needle-
like teeth. They have earned their name primarily because of the
thick, callous-like hide that covers each and every one of them.
This hide is blistered and cracked, seeping a vile pus-like sub-
stance that burns when it touches a victim. It is this liquid which
is the actual root of the Keloids' Shade Power: Numbing the Heart
Background: The Keloids are all that remain of many who were
at Ground Zero when Little Boy detonated. Their deaths were
instantaneous and almost painless, but Pika Don refused to let
these wraiths seek their own way. Burning with the heat of his
own radiation, the Malfean warped the spirits of the dead and
corrupted them to serve as his food gatherers. The Keloids now
exist solely to steal Pathos and feed it to the great Malfean. Of
late, Pika Don has not been present to take his tithes, and the
Keloids have become addicted to the extra power.
Roleplaying Hints: Giggle and drool. There is little you like
more than feeding on the foolish wraiths who come into the
area. It is true that there are fewer Spectres around Hiroshima of
late, but only because the wraiths have leamed to stay away. Now
you feed on the weaker Spectres who come too close to you.
Storyteller's Note: The Keloids are well on the way to becom-
ing Malfeans in their own right. Without Pika Don to steal the
excess energies from them, many of the Keloids have taken to
absorbing as much as they can from all that is around them. In
fact, a cannibalistic food chain of Keloids is already in place,
with greater beings tending and "farming" the lesser ones.

Hachiman Dragons

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Fanatic

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Martial Arts 4

Skills: Melee 5, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 4, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts 5 (True Jade Katana, Banded
Armor and Helmet)

Passions: Unfailingly serve the great master, Pika Don (Duty) 5,
Free Nippon from the gaijin (Patriotism) 3

Arcanoi: Castigate 2, Fatalism 3, Moliate 3, Outrage 4, Way
of the Farmer 4

Fetters: Hiroshima 2

Permanent Corpus: 9

Shade Powers: Bind, Rend the Lifeweb

Willpower: 8

Angst: 10

Image: These six warriors stand nobly in their full samurai regalia.
Each wears the symbol of a different animal, and each bears a mask

In The House of Pika Don 113


with the face of a demon. It is very hard to make out any fine
details, however, as all of the Hachiman Dragons seem to be carved
from the darkest night. They seem to absorb any light around them.
Background: The Hachiman Dragons were once rebels against
the Jade Emperor. They stood ready to fight and defend their
country against the vile Yu Huang and his minions. Elite troops,
they were the lure used to bait the Imperial Army into Hiroshima
in the last days before the Maelstrom. Unfortunately, they were
not able to escape before the blast and Pika Don seized upon
their souls as playthings. Now they serve the Malfean before
Nippon, and guard the bomb that was their doom.
Roleplaying Hints: You do not speak to gaijin (foreigners). Any-
one who is not from the Fist of Nippon is your enemy. If you
encounter the Fist of Nippon, you will warn them away. If they
continue forward, regretfully destroy them. Your mission is to
protect the Artifact at any cost.

Screamers

Nature: N/A

Demeanor: N/A

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Talents: Brawl 5

—
a

(739

tery

gt Tea

7.

Bs Screamers
tins = +a we

114

Skills: None

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: None

Passions: None

Arcanoi: None

Fetters: None

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shade Powers: Bind, Spectral Scream

Willpower: 2

Angst: 7

Image: The Screamers are devoid of any human features.
These Spectres look like gray, tattered lumps of meat which
float about aimlessly, even when there is no breeze. Thin
tendrils run from the main body of the Screamers. These
strands apparently work as a sensory organ, as the Screamers
remain inert until one of the tendrils is touched (or touches
something else),

Background: Ever since the explosion, the Screamers have
been present. The most common belief held by those who
have encountered these creatures is that they are fragmented
sections of wraiths who have not been able to locate the
remainders of their Corpus. Many believe that this acciden-
tal fragmentation has left the Screamers locked into an end-
less struggle to find the rest of themselves and coalesce. Oth-

z a.
ee SO a


ers feel that they are simply beasts of the Tempest who have
been vomited forth through the Nihil into the Shadowlands.
Roleplaying notes: Just sort of sit there and wait. If touched,
scream and wrap yourself around anything that moves.

Wounded Demons

Nature: Maniac

Demeanor: Maniac

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 2

Skills: Stealth 5

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: None

Passions: None

Arcanoi: Moliate 4

Fetters: Hiroshima 3

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shade Powers: Shark's Teeth, Ectoplasmic Tentacles
Willpower: 2

Image: Wounded Demons are humanoid, but only just
barely. Many have completely lost any hint of human
features and have adapted to a more bestial form. The
raw, red hide of the demons is covered with open sores
and festering blisters. None of the Demons have hair.
Most have faces which are grossly out of proportion
with the rest of their bodies. Large mouths hang con-
stantly open, often blending into the upper torso of
the neckless Spectres. These mouths are filled with
jagged yellow teeth and numerous tongues. Most of the
Wounded Demons tend to emit a high-pitched whis-
tling shriek from the smaller mouths on each of their
tongues as they charge.

Background: Only a decade ago, when the Fist of
Nippon was struggling to establish a stronghold in
Hiroshima, the Wounded Demons came pouring out of
the Nihil in a seemingly endless wave. Since then, the
Demons have occupied all of the surrounding buildings
and even learned to hide themselves in the rubble that

occupies most of the city.

Roleplaying Hints: If it moves, bite it. Repeat the pro-
cess until there is nothing left but empty air to gnash
your teeth against.


Glowing Hands

Nature: N/A

Demeanor: N/A

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 0, Wits 0

Talents: None

Skills: None

Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: None

Passions: None

Arcanoi: None

Fetters: None

Permanent Corpus: 5

Shade Powers: Chameleon Parasite, Seeding (See Below)
Willpower: 4

Angst: 5

Image: The Glowing Hands are small gourd-shaped masses
with numerous skeletal appendages. These pseudopods re-
semble extremely long fingers with at least 20 joints. The

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures

RITCHIE

main body of these spider-like Spectres is usually no larger
than a softball.

Background: The Glowing Hands seem to be the most com-
mon of the Spectres in the area. These parasites normally
hover within the depths of the Nihil, climbing the walls and
following an intricate path that only they understand. From
time to time, large numbers of these Spectres fall from the
bowels of the Maelstrom floating above the Nihil.
Roleplaying Hints: Find a wraith and make yourself at home.
Feed merrily.

Storyteller Notes: Seeding is a Shade Power unique to the
Glowing Hands. The Hands are capable of "reproduction"
in the form of seeds which they plant on their unknowing
hosts. For every day the victim of a Seeding is left untreated,
they will lose one Pathos and one Corpus. These losses come
as a result of a new Glowing Hand taking part of the wraith's
Corpus as its own. After five days a new Glowing Hand is
born, destroying its host utterly.

Removing a Glowing Hand requires a delicate use of the
Moliate art Rend, otherwise the Hand cannot be taken
out save by hacking out the infected portion of the
wraith's corpus.

——

~ ea


wna and Oni

Akuna and oni are the names given to the creatures of
Oblivion living in or near the blasted wastelands of what
were once the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Whether
malformed by the physical environment or the human ca-
pacity for such total devastation, these are nightmares made
corpus.

The only distinction between the oni and the akuna is
that the former is seemingly mindless and instinctually driven,
whereas the latter operates with a malevolent intelligence. In
this respect they are more similar to Shades and Dopplegangers
than to kuei of the mainland.

Typical statistics (Numbers in Parentheses are for akuna):
Nature: Maniac

Demeanor: Maniac

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2 (3), Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 0 (3), Manipulation 0 (3), Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1 (3), Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Stealth 3
Skills and Knowledges: Only for akuna

Arcanoi: Hive Mind (akuna only) |

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shade Powers: Variable

a Glow ng Hauds

CVNTS see

~ =

AN see"

Willpower: 0 (5)

Angst: 8

Image: These creatures are a litany of nightmare: thick, dull-
hued carapaces often cover disproportionately exaggerated
musculature; extremities vary from hyper-developed thighs
and biceps to spindly, structurally impossible calves or fore-
arms; bony ridges and curving spikes sprout from innumer-
able surfaces; animalistic features combine far beyond the
boundaries of kingdom; facial features are often spread
throughout the form, such as eyes in the hands or abdomi-
nal mouths; chthonic, combat effective tentacles often ex-
trude from any orifice. (Oftentimes these deformities do ag-
gravated damage at Storyteller's discretion). Despite the in-
dividual differences, oni and akuna are uniform in the degree
of deformity and horrific appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: There's a big world out there that's wait-
ing for you to sink your teeth into it. If anything moves,
chow down — unless of course it's someone carrying the
bomb. Otherwise, let your appearance do half your work for
you. Terrified food tastes much better.

Storyteller Note: Individually, oni are restricted to physical
powers such as Shark's Teeth, Ectoplasmic Tentacles and Bind,
though creative Storytellers can think of many more — the
more disgusting the better. Akuna are just as likely to possess

In The House of PikaDon — 117


these physical abilities, but may also possess rudimentary
Arcanoi. Only in rare cases should an akuna possess advanced
Arcanoi; such is the stuff of rumor and legend.

Due to their horrific appearance akuna and oni often cause
feelings of horror in those they encounter that go beyond
simple fear due to circumstance. Any wraith viewing these

creatures for the first time must make a Willpower roll (dif-
ficulty 5) to avoid fleeing or cowering (the result of a botch)
in terror. Familiarity does bring a certain degree of resolve;
a wraith with sufficient experienced need not roll at all,
though her friends might be more than a little suspicious
that she did not run as well.

z ale.


All is Well Within the Yellow Springs

Renegades ride a ghost ship across the Sea of Japan, wreaking bloody havoc
on Imperial slavers. On the Spectre-haunted streets of Hiroshima, a deadly race

is run for the ultimate weapon in the wars of the dead. In the heart of the Tempest,
souls twisted into the guise of beasts roam the gardens of the Emperor's Menagerie.
A mirror holds the key to escape from Hell, but a demon holds the mirror.

From the Heat of Hell to the Mekong Delta, Nowhere is Safe

Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures explores the Jade Emperor's domains,
where all is not as peaceful as the Emperor is told. Containing both settings and
stories for Jade Kingdom chronicles, Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures expands
upon the original Dark Kingdom of Jade.

Dark Kingdom of jade Adventures Features:

The secrets of the Jade Palace itself, from the Fountain of Poets to the dreaded
hive mind beneath the palace's flagstones

© New breeds of Spectres, and the ghosts spawned by the atomic bomb

¢ Adventures for those who wish to dare the Tempest, Saigon, Hiroshima or

Hell itself...

ISBN 1-56504-617-X
WW6012 $15.00

4 | 51500

9"781565"046177"
Printed in Canada

FOR MATURE NINDS
