# File: DC by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

fi 4 i gsr
{ AAity Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"


Monument to Blood

by Harry L. Heckel IV


tin beauty and decary

‘ercy Bysshe Shelley, Adi


Asflamesdraw the moth, so does Washington draw the Damned
asthey Mock toa place where their plotsand games are the norm, not
the exception. Here, playing with people's lives becomes an art, and

But it is not a game: Those who play it like a game find
themselves trumped and checkmated, They die, takingthe innocent
with them, Those whounderscand thatsuch power isnot robe toyed


Credits:

Written By: Harry L. Heckel IV

Additional Material By: Heath
Charles Beegly and

Edited By: Laura Perkinson
Developed By: Aniltew Greenbent

Art Direetor: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

‘Art: Thoms Berg, Jason Felix, Nick Ruskin, fosius Gabriel

Tienbrook
Front Cover Artz Connor

Cover and Logo Design: Aileen EM
Printod in Canada

sitntola, Alain Fisher,
nelin G,

@ yy SuiTe 100

780 Park NoRTH BLVD.
CuanksTON, GA 30021

Game Stuoie

©1995 by White W.
luction without the written permission ofthe publisher
in expressly forbidden, except far the purpose vf re
views: D.C. by Night and Vampire The Masquerade
are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters,
vanes places and text heteinvare copyrighted ky White
The mention of orreferencetosny company

1 groducr in these pages ie noe a challenge ta the
emnark oe copyright ¢

Ine All righraceunevedl R

‘emned

Because of themature themesinvvlved, reader

fiscretion 1s advised.

Special Thanks to:

Mark "Skinny" Rein® Hagen, for playin with

Stewart "Anikle Breaker" Wieck, for
thve enutches,

‘Sam "Belfast" Chupp, for getting ready to kiss the Blarney
stane,

ping his wife on

Wes "Champagne Harris, forcetebrating all his victories.

Rob "Take Me Buck" Hatch, for discovering justhow many
books the fiction departmenc plans to pur out

Ben "Great Plains" Monk, for showing everyone his it's
done

Michelle "Are You a Natural Purple?" Prahler, for her
Intest hair dye

Mike "Not En

that fiction

gh Stress! Krause. for trving to bring in
twoney

Stal

"He Looked Lonely" Krause, for bringing thar do
work

Special thanks foe quotes to: Justin Achilli and Caleb
Gamer

‘Author's Dedications

To Daniel Greenberg, the hest mentor anyone could
bi, Wayland, Derek and Ciera
who kept me writing.

for searting ill, and every


Chapter I: Introduction
Chapter 2: History

Chapter 3: Geography

Chapter 4: The Damned

Chapter 5: Circles Within Circles
Chapter 6: Running the City



Chapter One:
Introduction

he hive of tr
the soft und the black

heart all bee

Divinneyeatic

Aunty trouble yerting in from the airport" she asked,

hook le thurider boorned i
goblet filled with ceisnson blow ta her cub li

XC The Beast inside was squirming already, so Tay back Which dida't escape her attention,

n plied, meeting hee pale blue eves and feelin

into the soft coucl, looked over at the impeccably de

bloode and smiles
She smiled hack, showing just a hint of ber faryps: A
nicl Haeiely, "The prince will xre year inv
‘OF course," I replied. For just that moment, | wished

hat Vienna hadn'tsent mehere, [realized that Washington, nia. "The F

hat the Pontifex held enough power to deal with iy a0 [elt his presence behind me. tuned
1 prince, but | coukin't shake this sensation of dread, inoiment, our eyes met: His dark y

‘t natural. A waming from the rs depths, erged passions fir

Jidn't think so. And lookingat Gloria Déamond, my fellow to my kaees, and wis sweatin
chantry member, heightened my su seerned

Chapter One: Introduction


The Prince of Washington, D.C., Marcus Vitel, stood
before me, dressed in an exquisite tailored suit. He towered
above, tall, impressive — everything you'd expect from a
vampite prince. The image of trie Venue power. Buit
something was wrong. Not a flaw in his appearance oF the
power of his Presence; if was ximething else... the Beast
beyan ro struggle within me, cugging it the comets of any
tnund, could almost heat it, whispering vo the: rim, getaway

I spoke quickly

"Prince Marcus Vitelof Washingrs,0).C:,Lam Michael
Phelps, Clan Tremere. My site was Alexander Chisholin of
London. I present myself to you, and veuest your permis
sion to resice In your city."

Silence followed, broken it loa last hy the crash of
lightning,

‘Why have you come to my city!

Hiswoice was deopand strong, rescuing with nuthoeity,

"L was sent by tny clan elders to attend the Pontifex."

Another silence. ! was sell kneeling and unable to rise
The wolf padded up behind me.

"Michael Phelps
Why have you
your"

"It way an bonwr, Prince Vitel. They belleve 1 fuive
potential. They believe thar serving the Pontifex will trait
me to become a leader in our elon,"

you did noc answer my question,
come to ray city! Why dil your elders aend

The Prince took a few measured steps over to the
window. With extreme effor, | toee my eyes from the floor.

He stood in frontof the window, wich the Washington
‘Monument visible behind hitm. The shadows fell across his

face, and his eyes tixed on mine. [felt my blood freeze. His
‘eves flashed finely os the lightning flickered outside:
"Understand this, Michael Phelps of Clan Tretere. |

um Prince of Woslingtan. D.C. Unlike many princes, Ue.
not tolerate threats —veiledor otherwise —tomy rule, The
Masquerade is too fragile here. The actions of onve foolish
yeunate — or elder — in my city could make all Kindred
sulfer.f you have any needs oedifficulties, you
‘Obey the Traditions and euse me no trouble,
reap the benefits of power that only Washit
offer."

ta gavel nop

es, my Prince."

Ano
‘You have my permission to rem:
You may go to your Ponifex."

Before [was even aware of my actions, I wason my feet
and outside thedoot, Gloria's palearm entwined aroursd iy
own. { looked at her. Sho gave me that peedanocy smile
re lucky. He liked you."

you wll
fon, DC. can

m mny eywe: Uhvard myself hie

srexplonion of thunder sounded.
Michael Phelps

D.C. by Night

How to Use this Book

Although some say that Washington, D.C. his more
blood sucker per capita than any other city in the world
{and these are people who don't believe in vampires), this
hook takes the worst elements of the nation's capital and
{wannfocna them intosm envionment for storytelling in the
World of Darkness. If you are looking for an accurate
portmyal of D.C..g0 purchase a travel guide. Ifyou wan-to
see how Kindred could exist in che move important city in
the World of Durkness, you've come to the right place.

‘Thee are three basie ways to use this xourcebook. First,
you could sec nchroriete in Washington, D.C. und use this
book and its NPCs as material. Second, Washington, D.C.
takes great place to visi, and with the headqusmtersof the
and several other huntereroups located in
muy storylines thar could take Kindeed
il. Finally, you could never have any

itself, but many of the
planted, and the history
‘be used ns hackyround for events and settings in
icke.

the city the
to the nation's capi

Kindred visit Washington, DX

hhere ea
your own che
More information on Washington, D.C ind its tole in
the World of Darkness ean be found in Caerns: Places of
Power, the hunters hooks, sind many of the clanbooks.

Threats

While the Damned have left their mark on ahmost
every city in the world, some stand out in their immortal
‘memories. Rome, Alexandria, London, Baghilad —ar their
heights, these places drew the undead Ike carrion draws
vultures, Now the capital of the United Stree must be
ded (co this List, for while fewer than 50 vamipires live in
and around the capital, Kindred across the globe have a
stake in what goes on there

"The greatest dangers come from the resklent Kindredof
Washington, D.C. While they will defend their allies, a

unple call toany of the hunters will eliminate their enemies:

and keep theie hands clean, Threats even veiled ones, are
not taken tightly in Washington, D.C. New Kindred will
discover that older vampires assume that everyone ts an
enemy. Here is only a partial list of the dangers of D.C

* Kindred from around the globe closely monitor
‘events in the city. Should « neonate block their plans, even
by accident, they will wreak veryeance.

* Followers of Set have moved into the Northeastand
‘Southeast sections of the city along with the drug tee.

* The Sabbat and Camarila struggle for control of
Baltimore to the north. Should Baltimore fall, Washington,

* A.numberof mages operate in and around Washing-
ton, D.C., including branches of the Technocracy. These


elleve that sampiresiare an aberration, 37
the rtural law

The Area fut

bolars, where nightly debste

Inquisition. fun

ig with his daughtees, whe

Mood

The mood of Washi

sapitic cc
social and physical

A micspolen aon

ing for that one fatal misstep

The Damned )

There are two centers of power in Washingt

the

ews Vitel and the Tre

Peter Dorfinar. The Nosfetany, Gangrel,

threat

harm him. T
the Ponti
Pontifex D,
every aspect of Was

"9g voice could turn ther a

Chapter One: Introduction



Cially across the United States, have their pawns in the
rrstem, For instance; before Ronald Reagan became Presi«
dent of the Unites! States, he was Gavernor of California
tnd an imnpsttane too! in the Camanita's battles against the
‘Anarch Free States. A number of West Const Kindeed had
Retainers amongst lus aides, and when Reagan came into
‘the national spotlight, they were able to exert more influ
ence cross the country. Thistypeof manipuacion occursat
many levels. When a politician makesit to Washington, he
litens fo the subele whispers.of many masters — masters
who won't take kindly to the lords of Washingron trying eo
camirot thst pan
Jn addition, mattal companies and special interests
work constantly so ay co munipulate puliticians. Organi
tions such an Pentex and the National Rifle Association
(NRA) spend millions to keep congressmen ih their pock-
ta Orhersuperniatual beings —sraithe aged, werewolves,
change! wils, which they pas
government vificials to help then achieve. Wiel so many
diferent frees pulling on politicians to the Workd of
Darkness, the chances of any one gaining supremacy ovet
the others for any length of cme ds virtually ni
Irv any cose, D.C conwohited politics accuples the
tinof WashilnyonsKindesd Sutlieventsas Mayor Maric
Bucey's crest und return to power are de work of numerous
players exerting their influence. When the vampires inside
y decide to affect a national detsion
rmumber of canis at once, ving all OF thelr influehice «0
charge a stayle vote or anplement « policy, then stepping
back toavoid the appearancectto0 much powet, which may
Fringon de wrath of the Camarila at thet local enemies
lacs requite that all outsiders who
manipulate payne in his dosmais veceive his permission,
While this reuest han not ilways heen heeded, Prince Vitel
ants permission tw those who request It
‘Over the fast two decades, he has also started to request
small favors in exchamys for this permbskon. Prince Vitel
fever request favors any vampice why) might have theese
ofa Justicar, hur slualy, Vitef has creamed precedentto the
enefit of himself and future Washington princes

Mortal Society

Washington. D.C. iu stnunge piace, divided herween
the haves and huavesners; between city dwellers arn! com:
imiters, herween visitors nd residents, herween blacks and
whices, Mest of the affluent population af the District ies
lives in Northwest D.C. This in alos where most white
Washington residents live,
Forthe politically anporrant and influential, Washing:
sul power Lanches le iea place wher
decisions chat shake the work! ire made, where lobbyists
decide hone (0 control conuressuten, where campaign ana
lysee and potitical advisory clehate how to manipulate the

public: Irisaplace where whom yenrknow store inportant,
than what you know, and where prestation isu reality for
mortals as well ax Kinded

For the rest of i citizens, Washington, is a beantifl
place of monuments and symbols which seems ro have
forgotten that its also supposed ta be a city. For muany years
‘Washingtonians didn't even get to vote fur president, atl
thie D.C. huge raust still be approved by Congres. Iris
city of drugs and violent crime, where the Gothie sna Punk
elements clash openly. Here people struggle to improve
their lots in life amid poverty, abuse, Wine education and
constant insecurity

Many of the people who wotk it the Disitict live
‘outside it. They make the morning commute frost far
south ay Fredericksburg, Virwiniaoras far noth Fredrick
Maryland, Alexandria, Rockville, Silver Spring, and
Greenbelt all form «ring of cities tou the iret, each
‘one addin to the District' metrourea, Much to the dismay
of both Baltinore and Whshington, IDC. reside
1990 Census found the two metro areas indistingy

Many Washingtonians te distrustful, all ton yell aware
cf the jaded political mechanisms that dictate gowertunent
policy, Though they welcome tourists, they will wo t
Jengths to make sure that they ane 1
themselves

Mortal Politics

Encyclopedias could be written about Washington
politics, The city itelf has a mayor, elected by DC's
citizens, There (s also a city counetl. Several ward

tlie Divuiet, ad euch of dese areas fun a seprexeritit
The duties of the mayer involve managing 1
City buteaucracy and trying to gtand berween the Ditrict
and Congress. The mayor hits the unenviable task of caring
forthe capiualeicy, whiletyingto avoid steppingonthe te
cof national organizations. While D.C. statehood souk!
make this fess of an iaue, the movement has fe supporters
couiside the Beltway.

Organizations

‘Washington serves asthe headquarter for hundred of
‘oganizations, ranging from one-person offices to mist
‘operations. The temenchous rescdrces available tthe cy
make it very appealing to many private groups. especially
those with a need to lobby Congres. Listening to converse
tions in, Washington coffee shops 9 visitoe mig he
bureaucrat or yoverinient contractor ratte off hal-sth
abbceviations and numbers

Here are few examples

# AARP—American Assoclution or Retted Perens
swhich his powertul senios'rightstobby. kts members have

been known to throws themselvesatthecar ofconyresspecp!e
‘who have offended the organization.

nistaken for one

Chapter One: Introduction


* ATF — The Brireau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and
ns pat ofthe Justice Department, involved with the
attack on the Branch Davidians in Wana, Tera
*AMA—The American Medical Asweiation, which
fights health care reform with the
ght the Medicare progr
fall adyantaye of
* DOD — Department of Defense, whose heatiches
1 anger budget than de

* The Fed — The Federal Reserve Boand, which sets

ame intensity tt once

hich its members now take

h

* NRA — National Rifle Asociation, the powerful
shun ighes lobby in Washington, D.C

‘# NRC —Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the group
Hut keeps ack of alt nuclear repulsion:

+ OSHA — Ove y atl Health Adeain=
‘atnition,agovemment organization that menitorsworkplace

ational S

safety
+ ROTUS — The President of the United Srates
* Sccfiel — The Secretary of Defense, a cabinet
member
References

Amebeck, Bob,
‘ington 1790-1800.

hvongh A Biery Trait: Building Wash

tom. The Nasional Capial
McNally Guide: Washi,

Peterson, Larry, Fodor's Washingt, D.C

Sehlinget, Boy and S with Eve Zibart,
The Unofficial Gade to Washinguom, D.C

Smith, Howard K., Washington D (2: The Story of Our
Nitvion's Capytl

All he President's Men (The story of Watergate, dem-
‘onstratingthe relarianship berween the press and politicians
in Washingron, DC)

Cleor and Present Danger (A fun action-adventure flim
hour the CIA and its operations ip conjunction with the
President of the United Statex)

Anvanmsing film, also about the Presidency, with
nice background shots of the

Murpy Brown (Thi
ton, D.C.,and

popular sitcom issct in Washi:
es provides commentary on current

No Way Out (Another thriller involving conspiracy
aand the military, showing off the Pentagon.

D.C. bw Night


Traveling to
Washington, D.C.

to the city was accompanied with

sens sily dese

— Jobin Corton Sn

There are m
Uke many cities in tl
dangers. For « nation's
suprisingly unfriendly

Road Travel

Several rads lew

ny waya to enter Washington, D.C
‘Werld of Duk ach has its
al, Washington, D.C. can be

Ly into Washington, D.C, —I
th or south, US 50

mm the west, cr
195

aD.C Itelianges

come part of 1-95 as it
eastem he city. The Capital Beleway

4 perpetually under construction, usually rin the
cely, morning. hour truth
urs, the enti logged! with

atc jams ly lase until after dark

waste spilling across the rogds to a aorunal multi

0 the Beleway,
‘traffic comes fo a grinding halt for

with fnghteni

Wher this hap

regu

road networks
hardest for Kindred to watch for intruders, Virtually any
ampite ive ints the city, especially from the youth.
F the Prince of Washington takes consider

able interewt in events in Fredericksburg and the rest of

Air Travel
Three airports — Dulles laternational Airport, Wash
Ington National Airport, and Baltimore-Washington,
International Amport —serve the D.C. area. Residents

them as Dulles, National, and BWI
doment

Naclonal Airpe
all, isby far the
ystern ll

sntering Natio
abbar cities. This ac

pecially those from major
n perpetually


National Metro Station.

hington {nternational Airport is a suv

rike team of ghor

Water Travel

ofthe Bawn «

C&0 Canal
a

runs from New ¥

of the Prine nd the

id train le
adatkened tunnelon thei

tran hag b

on the Potomac €

nl. The waterfo


Getting Around
Washington D.C.

Metrorail and Metrobus

‘Washington D.C. hasan exten ray ne I n't ina iat with

the Mi sis 976 at y drivingeanbeanightanare. Stieets change
1 few blocks, be we
map reader is tn for @

on his eu
it Metro
uubway

hi un abundance of eabs pinning
Lof themoperate on the same barre

Chapter One: Introduction



Chapter Two:

On Lays his wil be

Kappes to ie

—Henry Adams

ton, DIC, i by its y
As the United Sta
nd power, s0 ha ic

ry nature a
s has wrown
capital grown in glory and

afivence

In 1790,Sccretary ofthe Trensury Alexander Hamilton
onal capital on the banks af the
After ¢

pew site for a nat

wing disput

over ve xes between
J the southern states

he site with the Resident Act

Washington appointed French- Am

Pierre Charles'Enfant to desig

res a
790, President
thecity. Secre

of Stare
son named Andrew Elhott aschief survey

Ba El

in his duties.

he choice of w national capital. The

dssand ladiesof France saw the

prestige in the New World lost

Ventmie-dominated British claimed Canada. They
clty founded is the capytal of the 13 eo

[would be fresh and mallet

sts angered for th

inlted States as
ent
1 place wit
‘opportunity

10 design
al expiil)

cess 1 trade, se thuit even with the westward expansi¢

ey would wll hold a powerful

When L

Methuselah sent hi

ny of his were 40 inn
ould not understand thetn, £

wanted
surpass all others in be

By 1791, the surveye
dent appainted three
19 fan
wnia and G

ange Town, Mary

seule They dicn't shue
spital. The Toreador we
hee capital

LEnfan

's plan wias dismi
presented by A

approved Ellicot
Ellicott lasted on

plan, and constr
# year on the projec

Chapter Two: History


he Early Years

Sabotage, work stoppages and misecentmunications am:
preted the efforts wo build the nation's capital. Days were spent
tnangumentsover how totame the land, where m pur the nals,
ana where the boundaries ofthe city would he, More than afew
of these problem: were due to the influence of power
Toreadors who were angered by the dismiss of the LEnfant
fan, These elder vampires subtly attempeed to design the
capital themvelves ftom far away in Europe, Their arog
ssrompes to seule the capital amounted to nti bt delay.

Finally, during the administration of Joe Adams in
1800, the government moved into the new capital, At that
time, Washington, D.C. had a population of only 3,000,
There were about 420 houses, of which only uae Oceayorr
House and the White House still remain today. History does
‘ot tell whether there were any Kindred living in the city
Morelikelyavampire would have dwelled acrossthe Potomac
in Alexandria, with its bustling population of §,000.

The firstsession of Congress held in Washington, D.C.
wav not a happy ome, Pigs waddled along Pennsylea
Avenue herween the White Houseandl the Capitol. Stumps
littered the ground, ankt corm grew in the former fichks
(Consiruction went on constantly. and during hard esinsthe
Tiber Creek flooded, making Pennsylvania Avenue impass:
able. The one completed wing of the Capino! building
hhoued the entire Congress nd the Supreme Court:

During winter, Washigton, D.C. became w ghost tenn.
Government officials would return to their home districts and
sates ard the city, with theexceprion ofa handfulo workers,
‘and the president and his staff, would he deserr

For this reawins the Kired dds ftw rove int
cevly Washington. A Brujah Prince, Ard
‘of commissioner Daniel Carroll, rose up in
declared hic! lor of the new capi: Ment New Weald
Kindred took hisclinms lightly, Many believed that ths union
of the thinee » would end as time passed, so the
powerful vampitescfthe New World spent their time fighting
‘over state capitalssuch asRichmondand Annapotis,and lange
cities, such as Philadelphia, New York snd Boston

‘The Sabbat presence in the New World was already
stron. and the Camarilla stent its resources attempting to
«atch up. In most of the formes colonies, the efforts of the
Camarilla were in vain,

Only one clan concemed (sself with the nation's capi-

tal—the Ven

of their domain, b
the colonies of one group or another wresting con

small capital village on the Potomac, the Vertmue decided
umert themeelves. During the War of 1812. 3,000 Reith

They considered Washington. D.C

D.C. by Night

resgulrs defeated 7,000 U.S. militiamen at the Buttle of
Bladensbuny. Aftertie victory the British advanced on the
citys with Ventrue phouls anny them, When the British
burned Washington, D.C, they not only destroyed several
public buildings, including the White Howse and the Li
beary of Congest; Ventme minions wrecked private homes
thar were suspected hayens for other Kindnl's Retainers

The British ended up losing more men in Washington,
DG than the Americans, however. Brsh amnuition
exploded during the fie, Killing many soldier. A salen
thwaderstorn beyan afte the eity ws aflame and blew bricks
down upon the sokdiers. These deaths remain a mystery,
though many blame the Tremere, whe, they say, were either
secking revenge forthe racing of the Library of Congress, ot
aiming to demonstrate that they ter, ud dexignson the city

Inthe aftermath dhe residentsof D.C. were demoralized
[Dehntes raged over whether co give up on the ste and move
the nation's capital toa hetter location, such as Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, or even tack 10) Philadelphia. Tao 6
fumed che tike of the movement towaad staying in the
District: news of the American victory atthe Bartle of New
Orleans, which helpedtorestoce the priteof Congrewand the
peaple;and the efforts the rexilents of the city, wha pooled
their resources in order tu build a teryporary brick Capitol
across from the gutted shell of the oll building

IE Kindred ad asserted themselves in. Washingron,
D.C. hefore the burniy, thev da' ufterwant, Asie from
Arthur Carroll, most vampires assumed from that time on
thar Washington wasthe province ofthe Ventrue,and they
chese nor to struggle fr it

Futhermony, inthe: duly year of tho Uniimd Sears!
history, the city wise' very mporant. Congress made same
imomertous decisions, bat ment citszns pur moe stork i state
govemons than prsidents. The population sas inconsistent,
oppingeadically every winter Efforato make thecapleal gow
with industry Falla projects such nthe Chesapeake anal Chis
Canal were gutdone by Bakimore's BO Raila) Further
rnere,anlikernom cities, Wiehingtoneouldnt
Ihecamse its only business was the federl gerne

Washington had little growth une the gov
‘began building more monuments. Inthe 1830s throwgh the
18506, work started and stopped on a ruanberof buisings,
erlralogtn Winding ii Five basil ce
«year emigrated to the capital during this tune.

The Civil War

‘Washington, D.C. caine into ity own during the Civil

Wat. For the first four days of the war, the city's 60,000

resicents eure sol sbsaftnd of southern invasion

tore upraiload rracksin Baltimore and the Confederate flag

‘went up over Alexandria. Soc, however, winforcements
wat the Notch reached the city ara) che Confederates
bandoned Alexandria


raw sewage whic fh
war's uum sutnn
from dying soldi

Marissa

hioel/ Prince
support of
fy. Unfor


ensure that when Washington fell ro the Confederates,
there would be little resistance to a new prince, Mont of
D.C.'s vampires went cowering into thelt havensoutof ear
that th disonn send Stonewall
ickzin's ot Rober ire the capital

Mary ss would come

A Tremere mystic named Maris, who hai heen Em

heaved shortly before the Warof 18 She
simed the princedom of Washington, and the Tremereclan

agave hex the tite of Ponuifex in the hoy chu this

torn would prove worthy as leader. The Tremen

disap

inside the city. Iftrnvel hae been easer in war-torn America

ted that she was their hest candidate for Prince

then the Tremere would never huve left the city in her hans

Marisa proved remarkably: competent as a leader. She
real thar if the wirended and she did nor have ston grip
cathe reinsof Washington, then he me 2: prince would end
Her fest action was to tke a fie alliance with the move
taumerons reklents ofthe city, the Novfera. Then she had
lscussing the Beyjah threat in Washirghon. Although none of
apital was owing concen fermany ofthe residents andehe
sit that this problem" would haunt orher Unig cities if

Marissa then had her ghouls raid the most important

al documents of
tical importance and magical items, Marissa set about
al power

Smithsonian Institution:

Marissa prowed to he more than uble as a policictan. Sh
Jhouliand Kindred, then playingthemofé
In the style of Queen Victoria. In fact, her polities were 50
1 Victoria that rumoes surfaced that

much like those of Qu

he had been a lover of Pe Jolin Dee ana

hnoceacy. Moat of her manipulations took place on the
however, and she mok a hisnds-off approach

This policy Feit (0

od, Ventre and Torcad sins

The clans see themselves t0 the

uilding their own cities rather than contestin
ontrol of Wathingten, D.C. Marisa's nite ha
pleated the Nosferatuand the Malkay
the number of asylums anu hospitals grow rapilly in theeity

The Brujah had u difficule time accepting the new Prince,

put a fow took eae solace in te fact thar dye eras a

worm, which they knew must grate on the male-dom!
i. The Gangrel, for their purt didn't eare

by Night


By the end of the Civil War, Marisa controlled a city
With » population of 1,000,000. The mortal population
quickly fell to ubout 130,000, but the Kindred population
Aidt decline from it wartime numben.

‘The Nosferanu and Malkawians weee loyal to Marisa,
and the Ventiue and Toreador in the South soon owed her
enough boons to neutralize any challenge ftom them.
Marism's only real threat came from her own clan: The
chantry in Washington, set up in the Octagon House, was
primarily loyal her, She had weested out those whe might
poe threats to her reign during the wor. However, Clan
‘Tremere decided that s woman could not run a chantry ot
Jexd one oftheir mest important cities in the New: World
They senca replacement, Alexander Hanson

Hanson never arrived in Washington. Although many
tuimoryaurtacedabon hisfare, most helieveD.C.'sNosferan
had swartis of rats devour him, feating that Hansen would
tot give them the privileges and lhertics they en
sander Marisa. In any event, Clan Tremere decided
Macisa's rule continue, for it soon became apitenit that
Sabbat-controlled New York would become the real seat of
fwer in the United States, as rabber barons gained rove
‘wealth following the war. The elaa preferred to spend their
ethos in several ntrempes to retake the Sabbar stronghold.

The tragic asmnination of Abraham Lincoln xt Fond's
‘Theater stunned the city andthe country. Mobsthreatened to
furn doun the theatre after Lincoln died. Jolin Wilkes Booth,
the asin, wns shoe again orders when Linion soldiers

topped him ina har. His supp fellow conspirator were
aartesed and four of the six were hung for their crimes.

The change fom strong leadership in the White House
tothe weak administrations of Andrew Johnson and Ulysses
Gina allowed Marisss to expand her influence. As the

lative Branch took on more authority, Prince Marissa

ted taking more control of national politics. She found

thar manipulating Congressmen drew less attention feo.
the Camarila than did trying to influence the President or
his advisors. This was partially because several Old World
vampites discounted the United States completely and half-
expected the Americans to move theie capital from
Washington to the center of the country,

Washington, D.C. flourished after the end of the war,
ince the lew cries tr mown the explral dled dis. High
society started to. cometo Washington, and with itexme the
Toreador and Ventre. Marissa accepted the new clans,
though she required several pledges of loyalty

Congress refused money to improwe the read oe till i
the Tiher Creek, 0 Marisa trandonned 4 youn politiian,
‘Alexandet Shepard, intoa ghoul to help fix the city. Shepard
cleaned up Woshingron, paved roach and planted trees. He
fale sewn, and ese wea abe to fll in the Tiber Crosk,
Several monuments were completed under his direction, al:
though the costs ofthese improvements bankrupted the city,
atdas-a result, Shepard was thrown out of town. Hiswork paid

coffin the long run, however, helping to deaw more people to
the copitaland win the investmentsof foreign pevernuionss

The main dificulties were the ongoiny: racial confers
Many liberated slaves went to the nition' capil, seeking
opportunities and the chance toenjoy the fritsof freedom,
Soon. fighting and rietiny broke out berween whites wed
iblacks; and wealthy white residents eonwinced Congress to
strip residenty'of the District of the right to vite, They
preferred no vote to 1 black rine

Workers completed tive Washingcon M
tn the marsh where East Potomac Park is oe
the Library ofCongress, Land v
mark: purchases of snl hounesin the capital. The power of
vampire clans shifted aswell. The Nosferatu and Malki
support thot Marissa had used to gain the domain of W.
ington, D.C was not going to work any longer. Tore
and Ventrue hikl power once more, und disafiected Bruja
ete raising the banners of anacchy

Showing off her political skills, Manisa offered the

och Toreador a boon in rerum for the suppose of their
clan members in Washington, EXC. Marios restored the
L'Enfane plan to its rightful place asa guide fo the develop»
ment of the city. The Toreador axtces, and with their
support, it was not difficult hor Marissa to forge an alliance
tduat would ensure her position against Brujoh (who wanted
to overthrow her for the racial problems and her defer
Arthur Carroll) and Venue enemies (whe saw Wash
ton, D.C. as their property, dating back to is frst says) ny
the meantime, the actual influence of Washinton waned,
as business leaders bouyl more and more politicians

The 20th Century

By the early 20d Century, Washington, D.C. had
become one of the most beautiful cities inthe word, a
capital blossoming)ust asthe uation expanded its influence
Despite attempts on her life, arch revo
Sabbar attacks, Marise's grip on Washington, D.C. grew
tighter. A few called her the Queen of the United S
others called her much wone things Marissa had many
enemies, both at home and across the globe, but sus learned
tomanipulate Washington's growing importance int
tgp and peemation anon ty und abun dhe world
‘When President McK; ile ly
bullet, Theodore Roosevelt kecarme Presiden
States. A few Kindred historians see Marisn's hand in the
assassination, as both she and Washington benctited frum
the tise of Theodore Roosevelt. Teddy Roosevelt took om
J.P. Morgan and several of the most powerful husineseny
singe his thority to break up their trusts By
#0, Rewsevelt took power away from

nanarchist's
the United

tes vicroriesin the Spunish: American
Warand World Warl, Washington became p yb


how euch ttluen
(Comight bat


fuldess and her fre. Their celationship sas turbulent: they
and opponents the next
Bavjah uprisings i Washington, DIC. marked the
196s Marissa'spolitical acumen seemed to vanishafter she
ny from other Kindred,
auecking on pet projects or passing night after night at the
Aakington Naticcual Cemetery. The city progressively grew
mote cic of contro
1 1968, following the deuth of Martin Luther King, Je
Jefersturese upin otalongssde the African:
numity: The Brujah sued to shatter the
‘of the Nosteratu piri
fred in the coring for their own moral reasons: Most of
amiowa DC. ond the African-American community'
nightspots went up in flames duriny the riots. Taking advan
tagect this night of terror and contsion, the Sabbat attacked
several Kindred haven. That same night, Marcus Vitel be-
‘niyed Maries to agentsof the Camarilla, Archonsdestroyed
Jas. impressing upon Marcus Vitel the danger fu similar face
Aihe ever groped fr too muuch influence in the city.
‘Thenexteveninp, Marcus Viteldeclared himself Prince of
‘Washington, D.C. Marisa was gone. Vitel's ghoul were every:
‘where. The Tremere were curry, ond one member ef the
‘Tremere, Vaclim Ivanov, nly challenged Marcus Vitel ta
duet Vitel accepted, Using Thauamatuyy ie sent the Tremere
Screamin int Final Death. He wsimed all other challengers

thir death would be the fate of those who opposed him,
Vite! immedianely calle

ind Hunt again the "Stay
sa, who he said were Giosannl, Since there were
po Gkrvanni neat Washington, D,C.. Prince Vie! flr sate that
noone would step up and dispute his clan. Ife fad bhamel
the Sabet, word would have traveled to Baltimore and

beyond, and the truth might ha 1d to Washington,

The Glory that
was Washington

Marcus Vitel wasted no time i establishing himaelf ss
the power in Washington, D.C. Those whe sipported che
te Prince were rewarded with blood, ghouls nd hunting

grounds. Vitel called a meeting of 3 primogen council 19
Idris him on issues. A new Fremere Pontifex entered the

{ity, Peter Dorfman, who immediately assumed aposition of
friendly (for vampire polities) oppesitian to the Prince.

Virel's reign has been hues, but most say tt has als
een fair. He spent mont of his time sisppresting anarch
Indluence, and by the time of the Bicentennial celelwaions,
few anarchshad the courage toentet D.C. Vitel alsapeoved

his power against world players who tried to challenge h
inluence over Washingwwn. The new Prince declared sev
ral areas of the city wo be part of wn expanded Elysium, He

nv of Mi

also protected members of the Senate, Cabinet and officials
in the House of Representatives from direct "tampering
Washington expanded and the Canurilla was pleased
with Vitel's reign. The Ince Circle of the Tremere were
pind that Marissa would no longer be a challenge to theit
power. They asigned one of ts members, Mectlis
ep a careful eye on Peter Dorfman, so thar he wouldn't
seize too much authoricy. Vitel ep
‘out,and although acaem of wolves established itselfinn
the city, Marcus kept » tight leash on their activities
Many elders began spending time in Washington,
UG. widely eared sie secre bastion aint the Sabbat
Vitel's reputation for running a city grew, but unlike many
Kindred henoverspent much timeasociating with his lan
leaders in Europe oc ypreading his influence over interna.
tional circles, Instead, the Prince of Washington, D.C. kept
his activities centered around the city tteell,

The Times of
Darkness

About ihe Uinve Reagan snoved tao the White Hse,
Washington, D.C. began to change. Crime rates rose and
diugs became more populr, Southeast D.C. didn't just
collapse — ic went into fice fall Sabbar problems besan to
lagu die Privice- Slowly, chi

armor. Some Kindred even claimed to have seen the ghost
‘of Marisa, ot caught a glimpse of Vitel staring at a locker
remarkably similar to one Marissa had worn.

‘Vicel doctored Southeast free hung groin nde
fostered the tides of crime instead of restiting them. This
‘way, when a victim vanished, he was just another statistic
rather than a violation of the Masquerade. The Prince let
afew anarchs enter the city, Rumoesof S
the drug markets surfaced,

Sabbat attacks wiped out many of dhe Toreador elders
inside Washingson, D.C. (Marissa's old allies), A number of
the victims of the onslaught were enemies of the Prince,
although moeethan a few of hisalliesb fell MantyCamarilla
smeinbers quietly fear thatthe Prince may hive some connec
tion to the Sabbat, oc thathe had arranged a deal wih ther.

Now, with the fll of Chicago's Prince Lodi, Prince
Vie stands cine of the few strony Ca
{in the United States. Camarilla leaders w
ethics, and the debate rages over whether he should be
supported a bastion again the tide of Sabha attacks or
purged for his suspected commuption.

ste influence tn



Chapter Three:.
Geography ~

The District of
Columbia



Washington,D.C.

1.The Mal 12.Georgatown 23,Gulhidet University
2.Lincoln Memorial 13.Goorgotown University 24.Catholle University
S.Washington Monument 1.Dumbarton Oaks 2S.AFK Stadium
4.Jotlorson Mamoria! 15.Dupont Circle ‘26 National Arborotum
5,East Potomac Park 16 Washington National Cathedral 27 Konilworth Aquatic Gardena
B.Rock Greek Park 47-American University 28 Fort MeNair
7.While House 18.Adams-Morgan 28 Washington Navy Yard
8.044 Downtown 13 National 209 50.Navel Air Base
8.Fedoral Triangle 20. Howard University 31.Bollings AFB.

10.0ctagon House 21.Caphtol Hit

41 Foggy Bottorn 22.Union Station


Elysium

clared several buildings in Washington, C
Elysium, Itz major violation of the Masgu

that location temporatily w the list of Elysiuey lox
tions in ifser to prevent further damage (@ the
Masquerade

The Old Executive Building

The Supreme Court Bali

vr the Performing Arts

wn National Cemetery

hingtor Monument
Washington

iuil Archives, the Library of Cémngres, the Supreme

Building, and, of course, uhe White House, sit within
a few block

The Smithsonian

The Smithsonian Inétitutian holds more than 135
million objects, only about one percent of which are on
lisplay atany time. Th heobjectsare ke
throughout the eity and suburbs. The
Kindred, especially the Tremere, draw on the resources of
the Smithson

tered Iocati bh

zr when they seek mystical remsor elements
to perform rituals, Several «

ve located different
storage areas and have ghouls with access to thet

The Smithsonian Insticucion surru
Mall and the Smithsonian Insti
Castle, stands near i

on Building,

rez. This red sandstone, Norman

style nally buile in 1855 to hold all of the

Smithsonian's onetations. James So eely wae
brought co America in 1904 and lies xt to the
Mall encrance of the C

The Ineritut he mest widely-visited places
on Earth, Whar follows is 3 list of th
attractions. Kindred needing any sort of odil ar
willing 10 risk one of

the wotld 1

popul

mont adv

id security

donly look here

dlustrise Museum, the sceond build
fing the Sw museum

collections of A

structed,
na. The mest interesting elem


agen in the World of Darkness is w homeless display req
visited ateaction on the lant. Mises, space

that are no longer displayed, may wind up hanging in the

¢ The National Muscum of Natural History aa favorite

éfmany Kindred, espoctally those in need of rare element

for rims. At the entrance stands a stuffed 13-foot-tall

African Elephant, To the right, the Dinonaur Hall has

deveral sets of fossils wired together. On the second level,

the geri and mineral display among the richest in the
are the Logan Sapphire (423 carats),

#) and the legendary

Among the guards are ghouls who have

coders fo proect these gems fiom ull potential

National Museum of American Histurycomtainy
ican cultural memorabilia, including a

n Toreador enjoy visiting the

permanent display lesex worn hy America's First
Ladies and comav American style —ot lick thereol
© The Freer Gallery of Arr contains many Oriental
pieces. The Smichsonian can neither loan out objects from

the Freer Gallery, nor display any other are alongside the

Freer caillection. The Smithsonian Meter stand in fran of

varch on the sation
ground museums the Sackler Gallery and the National
Maseum of Aftican Art. The Sackler contains othet Orien

and mete inw the

Chapter Three


fetatu enjoy and protect

fn impressive
ure arses il

The Monuments

The Lincoin Memorial
Prince Vitel enjoy

From the nn Metncial, a

an look out i

Mall
the Metro ar

and the Gettysbuty A.

The Washington Monument

Prince Vitel also spend
Jatecs" atop th

tall — the tallest
dons are visible wher

nt had stopped and then te
American figs


The Sept of the Awakening

‘On the southern tip of East Potomac Park lies a
aculptore called the Awakening. This figure represents
spiritual force rising from the earth, revered by the
erewolveswhaproteetthe atea, The Lupines of Wash-
Ington, D.C are primarily membersofthe Bone Gnawer
tbe. The sepr of wolves makes dlectsions tlarough
sdebuteand voting. Because of theirprecarioussituation.
inside the Wyrm-Infested ciry of Woshingeon, they will
accept anyy Garou who wishes obey their laws, regu:
fess of amy former crimes she may have committed
against other septs or tribes. These "Bone-Gnawers"
maincain contacts with the Nosferatu and Gangrel
clans, The Lupines currently have a precarious truce
with the Kinalced of the city

East Potomac Park and the
Jefferson Memori:

Lupine attacks sometimes shatter the Elysium, The
Frince knows, a sept of wolves has established ituelf in
Ente Porwornac und they have control aver the Jeffersan
Memorial and the entire tidal basin. Vitel us mae a few
attempts to destroy the Garoubur the werewolves have.
‘pyorently enacted 4 rite of protection which wards off
mapa! (and magickal) attacks. The Garou claim thut they

ive paivected iy che sprit of the caer, which grows mone

powerful with every year (see Caerns: Places of Power for
tone detail)

The Jeffersin Memorial (sa round panthean-style
building next othe Potomac Tidal Basin. Inside stands a
bronze statue ofthe former president, his quotes peinted on
the sarrounding walls, Around the monusment, are Wash
inuton, D.C farvous eherty blossoms

Northwest D.C.

This the largest and richest section of Washington,
D.C, a6 well ns the nrea of the city with the lowest erime
ante It is alsa the most expensive place to live. A two:
tedroorn apartment mayun $1400 dollarsa month or more
intent, Sirens are a constant part of the background noise
Df'Serthwest; as police quickly respondto metdentsin chese
reihborhoods. Most of the white residents of the District
tye in Northwest D.C., and 16th Street along with Rock
Creck Parke mark a strange colar boundary herween the
Hack and white populations

Federal Triangle and Old
Downtown

"The area along Pennsylvania Avenue was lang consid
cred a national disaster, with pawn shops and difapi dared

‘White House. When the 1968 riots wrecked downtown

D.C, between the diamond formed by New York, Pennayl

vania, Louisiana, and Massachusetts Aventics, many

businesses shur down und roves! away: In recent year

however, rebuilding has begun. Developers have rediscuw

ered this section of the city. Additionally, che Federa
gle mn this section houses a lange number o

ment offices. Neonates whi sperad tox musch tim

Federal Triangle tend to earn the do

elders.

Pension Building

Located on F'Street between 4th anal Stl St

red rick building has hosced Inaugural balls for move than
century. The interior Corinthian columns (which ate
Painted to resemble siena marble) support a roof 75 feet
above the floor, The toon inside is vast, All of the elty's
celts enjoy using the Pension Building vorhrow parties and!
balls for visitors, The Fension Building alo holds the
National Building Museum.

National Archives

The National Archives builditygstands hetwicen Penn
sylvania Avenue and Constitution Avenue and 7uhand 9h
Streets. During the day, the Archives display the Deelara-
tion of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill
Hights, bur these are' locked away: in a vault het
Kindred rie. Many government records are tured a

the National Archives, and several Kindred have tes tothe
building's staff, However, moyt of the Notional Archives!
records ae in storage in Suithsnd, Maryland, one ot the
suburbs,

Old Post Office

Ongofithe great secrets of Washington, D.C. isthe Old
Post Office located on) 12eh Street anal Pennsylvania Av
erie, Relatively few tourists visit the buildiny oF know
about the extractdinaty view from its clock wwet. In 1899,
‘whi it was built, ie was the largest government building
the city, and the firs to have a power plint and a elnck
tower. The view of Washington, vm the Old Post
Office'sclock rower isalmost as impressive as the view feoxn
the Washington Monument. The spacisut courtyard inte
Horof the Old Post Office was renewvated in the 19826 and
‘transformed into the Old Post Office Pa
by shops and restaurants. The Old Post Off
that serves as a gather place when the need arses to
semble all Kindred for proclamations by the Prince

on snore
ssanother site


The White House and
Surrounding areas


house using the American Institute of Architects, which is
officially resparsbe for its af

enenththe house lento

Heading to the White Hoe

‘House's early history are sealed. Most Tremere rituals are
‘conducted in the basement and the tunnels beneath the
‘nature The Tremere have a labyrinth beneath the house,
ighicl can only be navigated with the adofacandle—one
follows che direction in which the candleflame points.

The Hotel Washington

Marcas Vitel receives most of his wintors here, provid
sngthem 2 spectacular view of the monuments at night, as
well amd a powerful reminder of how much Marcas Vitel
fants. These audiences ate always staged with other
tiers preseat, impressing, upon isttors oF neonates the
Impertance of making a good impression with the Prince
The suite Prince Vitel shins his guess is elegantly
Aesorit, with jase hint of the elassical Reman style he
favors, The far wall consists mainly of the large winders
that afford the view ofthe city. In the center of anodlcr wall
ica feplace whicls (6 always blasing in the cool fall and
‘enter months. A bedroom beside the main multe has no
Windows and provides am audequate hawen for the day.

Foggy Bottom

North of the White House ares, beyond Lafayette Park
and smith of Georgetown, Is: Foigey Boerom, This area

tontuins seme prime hunting grounds, including George
Wishingron University. Many soeiedies and agencies have
headquarters in Foggy Bottom, inchuling the National

‘Acxdeny of Sciences. A metro station ¥erves this ares,

The Watergate

Sirated on the edge of the Potomae River, the
Watergate: is an impressive complex oF offices and apart-
ents, well known for the break-ins which resulted én
feindal and the removal of President Nixon from ulffice,
Visiting vampires have traditionally made the Watergate a
tase of operations fr uctivicies in the city

The Kennedy Ceater

‘The John F. Kennedy Centet for the Performing Arts is
‘cheof Washington D.C.'scultural jewelsand partof Elysium.
‘The outside of the center, covered in white marble, has a
cakrbox look w it. The Grind Fuyer inside is 630 feet long,
its ceiling graced with 18 chandeliers. There are five the-
ote within the center, which are used for dance, plays,
foncerts, opens, ete-The American Film Institute also has

inside. The flags of the Hall of States and Hall of

inside have flags hanging from the walls, andon the

tool teace level, Congress maineainsa Library of Perform-
ingAms

Georgetown

In the District's early years, while the nation's capital
languished, Geonge Town was 9 bustling por for tobacco
merchants. A few yearsafter being annexed by Washington,

collapsed for a number of years atterwant but was
fully revived and restored in the 1950s

Now the wealthy neighborhood is home to club own:
cs lawyers, politicians bureaucrats galote. The historic
Preservation movements in Georgetown thanaged to pre-
‘Vent a metro station ftom going up in th despite che
fact that after dark, the restaurants, night clubs and shops
attract people from throughout the D.C. rmetny atea. M.
‘Street and Wisconsin Avenue can offer almost everything
‘except a parking space. Included amony these clubs ts the
Black Magic Club, which is continually filled with Blood
Dollsand other Goths.

During Halloween Georgetown takes on a Mandi-Gras,
styl atmosphere. The city government has tried tu stop
these celebrations, but in the World of Darkness, cheir
attempts have only made matters worse. On these wild
‘occasion, people in costume fill the streets and fer them
selves go completely, Both elders and anacchs join in the
festivities.

Georgetown University
Another ntea of the city forbidden tw Kindred is

Georgetown University. Tisschoo}, the oblest Jesuit sho
in America, is one of the centers for the Inquisition, T
"university vas built in the Gothic style, with several
ana gantoyles decorating the campus. Several carelessunved
residents of Washington, D.C. have met their onde at the
hands ofthe hunters from Georgetnwn,

The C&O Canal

This canal, originally meant to keen George Town's
port open and tum Washington, D.C. into an indus
‘int, isnow tourist traction. [n the surnmers, ues pull
barges along the canal. There are many tunnels leadi
the canal from across the city, and many unwelcome quests,
including werewolves, enter the city by following the ean,

from Cumberland, Maryland.
K Street

Ax the end of Georgetown, Wisconsin, Avenue inter
sects K Street, which mins beneath the Whitehurst Freeway
‘The bridge over K Street lends itan eerie feel. Atnight, the
street beneath the Whitehurst gets very dark, and a fu
become i favorite site for resalviny disputes between vat:
pines


year Dumbarton Oik

Dupont Circle

The Washington
National Cathedral

Embassy Row
Ss wt DD it I h hy alot


fo along Embasy Row are many of Washington's most
exclusive social clubs, such as the Cosmos Club, The city's
male elders have memberships in several of the club

Upper Northwest

The cest of Northwestern D.C. is primarily residential,
‘with the excention of the shops lining Wisconsin Avenue.
‘The American University, chartered by Con ind hest
trown for its international and politcal scence d
rent Hes next to Wand Circle, where Nebraska Avene
meets Massachusetts Avenue.

Mach of this area was used as mnilitary barracks and for
vwaguin testing the World Wars. Several unexploded
thells have been found in gardens and beneath streets in the
Brea. A fewest the Newforara hal
ind hidden bunkers lic berween the houses of Northwest

Adams-Morgan

Adami Morgan, located south of Clevelind Park in
theheat of the citys Is Washington's melting por of ethnic
rigs Its excellent resturants, Bohemian atmosphere and
Yd nightlife draw almost asmany visitors as Georgetown
Mont ofthe apartments near Adams-Mongan were built in
the 19¢h century and have an oxnate feel them. Several
ofthe city's Kindred frequent Adame-Morgan.

vendiscovered armceiet

Rock Creek Park

‘Cutting throxigh the northern half ofthe District iy the
160-acre Rock Creek Park, home to the National Zio, one
ofthe langest 200e in America. Nusnerous aretches of trees,
froken only by sueams, the oceasional bike trail, snd
caiouspicnic area, il the park, and groupsof wild deer live
lv the woods, The Gangrel like to hold meetings here
Several Kindo inthe city bulleye the neous have acneen
im Rock Creek Pask. (cs also said that u coven of witches
work magick samewhere within the pur mn hold

following in the District and the suburbs, especlally among
theyoung. The reascns for this yay, butinany peoplenre fed
up with rhe polities anid saelery of Washington, DiC. and

Howard University

‘One of the country's largest traditionally black univer-
sities, thewreaaroon Howant has itsown night life targeted
ar the student body, In contrast to this wild scene, Howard
University also has a memorial chapel which radiates true
faith.

Capitol Hill

el vo only at "The Hil!" by residents, this
the city consist of sections of ul figur putts of te District
The Capitel is the centerpiece, Ipcated white all of

boundaries intersect. Numervus giviernmental and political
neighboring Vierorun-styleluomes Des ons thi
Ihe would forbid Kindred activity m the Prince
has only proscribed the Supreme Court Building and the

The Capitol

TheCopitol was te

edina Rosman style reniniivent
(of the Pantheon, and its enormous 285-foot-high dune
dom stands atop the dete. Bocuse thee Capitol bailing
always active with reporters ana congressmen, Strytelle
should take special carenot toallow playersconteriene wi
the workings Something, he
Technomancers, eller vampites.cr FRI Special Affair, ll
stopa groupof Kindred from killin #Congronnen
‘ot wrecking the Capitol dome x: Storyteller
wats his players to have thar much of
world,

The grounds outside the Capital were landscaped by
the Garou kinfolk Frederick Law Olmscead, The 63 actes of
‘Capitol park add to the beouty of the leaislaive buslding

Union Station

In the early 1900s, Congress decid! to be
city. In onfer ro remove the large number of tein tricks
crossingrhe Mall, itdeerced tharall rains wold uses ince
depot, Union Station, north of the Capitol: Basle with
white marble; columns, and satuary, Union Station wos a
ing its eatly ye

of government

great success di reaching 4 peak of
huanidling 200,000 or more passengers a day churieyg World
‘War ll. During the 60s, the tin hurd times
Now a restorution project has terurned the st
former grandeur, adding als a number of shops, » food
court, and even a movie theater. Union Seaticn abo bs a
cue sulin and the INosfermy in Washington use ths

ameeting place, Some clans suspect that the Nosferatu abso
have ghouls in Amtrak, and jake udvantage ofits national
Iheadquattens in'

The Library of Congress

Throe main buildin house the Likesry of C
cfieswn Building at trilependenee Avenue and 1s
Street, SE; the Adams Bailing at Zn Street, Sk
James Maison Burlding heeween Indep

ation fel

fashington tocontrol many North Amer

ant the
adence Av

Chapter Three: Geography


The Capeo! building originally contained the
braty, but as Congress and the nation yrew during the
‘expansion of te late 1800s, st expanded to the Jeflerson
Building
sin Reading Room, often shown in
fulocated in the Jefferson Building.
In 1939, the Library' collection of resources and teferenice
‘materials had increased enough to ada the Adam Building,
and the Library opened the Jamex Madion Building in
198. The Libriry of Congtess contains more than 30
million books and at lease 60 million other items. Although
‘only Cangressmen may check our books, many Kindred
have secesstathe stuck thisaccess, however, means
‘neing a ninor boon to the Tremere

pictures ofthe Libra

Ever since Prince Maris' reign. Clan Tremere has

uched over the Library, and control of the Library is one
‘of the few issues thar the Tremere will not concede under
umber of magesalso have tiesto the
Congtes, although the Tremere so t0 great
hs a avid ther,

The Supreme Court

‘The Supreme Court did not havea bullding ofits own,
wnt 1995, The Court is nsession fram the first Monday in
‘Ocroker until it has heard al ofits caves: usually sometime
in June. Another white marble temple (9 few anarchs say

cus Vitel omly came to EXC. because he was homesick
for anctent Rome), the Supreme Court building is als off
\ srumnpirey in the city, but sessions of the Court carely
last intoche night anyway. George Lawrence of the Nosferatu:
sometimes aveaks few fiends inside the butkling ar night
and they go upstairs to the basketball court, George likes to
bhaast thar he shoes hooprat the highest coure in the land.
Aslongas the moerals remain undisturbed, the Prince will
lgnote the trespassing — unless he wants somethng from
Goonge Lawrence.

any circumstance.

Northeast D.C. isthesocond largest parco the District
Iccontains some ofthe best and worst that Washiryton can
offer. Galludet University, one
the country, lea well-nown school for the deaf. Catholic
Univenity, unlike Georgetown, remainsfaitty free of witch
bbunters (at least to the best knowledge of the Kindted
community) and includes the National Shrine of the I

imacolite Conception, one of the largest Roman Cathotic
chureles iq the world. Wha no vamnpite kesows is that the
bread of the Society of Leupold it the United States lives
near Catholic University in the Brookland neighborhood.

RFK Stadium

For mutay esidents of Washingrem, [XC., che events
Rubert F, Kennedy 5

he finest universities in

D.C, by Night

dium are far more important thin anything going on se the
White Hone. Washingron Redakins fans are rabid, and
some eportetsclaim that eovering the foe eam in D.C
is more important to che local newspapers than covenng
such institutions as the Supreme Court, The triumphsand
struggles of the fhothull teum affeet the mood of morals
across the city

‘Thestadiumalso olds concerts and wherva crowed gets
‘excited the entire building will shake, Located next to REK
is the D.C. Ansmory, which is used for indoor events lke
bowing, wrestling, conventions, and circuses

National Arboretum

The Department of Agriculture uses this sng 415:
were-area for the sty of trees. Thiny-two different typeset
soil cover the Arboretum, supporting a variety of trees nat
pically native nthe Wa
closed at night, but this
gettinginside. The foot tailsare mazele, howey
unusual shape of the Arboretum makes it quite possible to
get loscat nighttime. The Arboretum borders on Anacortia
River and follows

des golf courses and a

doesn't prevent

itmto Maryland, Anacostia park nc
marina,

Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens

North of the Arboretum, bordering Anacostia Park,
are the Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens — 14 ueres of punde
filled with subaguatic plants. This unique collection of
pools and plants is one of the most bisarte settings in
Washington, DO.

Southeast and
Southwest

Southeant D.C. has repunat
tity for being the mnt
air drug markets exist i

in perpetual poverty. Howe:
tuhan jungle — just mont ot

anuliwert DC. abe saafeat fue of Wah
tucked between the monuments on the Mall, the Potomac.
river, and Southeast D.C. Ir includes Fort McNair and «
waterfront with a marina. East Potomac Park is alvo located
in Southwest. Celie is nat as teuch of a peoblera in South
‘west, because it is patrolled by police protecting the Mall
and has the nearby military bases

Fort McNair

‘The troops at Fort McNair protect the President and
grand the city. The fort Jooks nicer than move army bases,
and (t contains two military colleges for training officers as

oo residentsof the
alent parte ten, Numctonsopen
act and many of the peuple

not all of Southease isan


Wall at pore of the finest military libraries inv the world.
Acro the Rorurnn C t McNair is East Potoinac
Tk, where Inanier Sept of the Awakening hes

Other Military
Installations

North and east ftom Fore MeNairalsingthe hanksofthe
Anacostia River sits the Washington Navy Yard, which
conrains the US. Naval Museum. A recent explosion atthe
Yard dew nf the facility, but thiswould not have
torereted the Kine s0 miuch were ict forthe fat that
Viee! itnmesiately forbade any Kindred to enter the site.
Aitionaly, 9 number of Archons xppeared in town just
iter the incident, and some Brujah claim the Archons and
Vitel's daughrers were seen examining the wreckage, Vitel
tins never explained his actions, though the Yard has re-
pened,

Onthe apposite hankol the Anacostia and down along,
thePoroma the Nay lao has an airbase, Beside the naval
gir base is Bollings Air Force Base, Orher military installa:
sons re posirioned along the rivers in ordee to protect the
tation' capita

Purgatory
Located on the borderof Southeast and Southwest and
lose tothe waterfront, Pureatory ts the Brsiah's very own,
«tll. Theelubservesasthe wnoficial

pitstop on thew
Biystum of the underclass of Kindred society, Loxad music
ard pavasive nitnke overwhelm new vivitors to Purgatory.

‘large portion of the nurrons on any given night ae either
Kindred or ghouls. The Purgatory regulirstend toaray near
the back of the club, occupying one or several rubles,
epenuting on the mood of the nig

The rear of the club consists of the haven of Bjorn
Gansots (dhe local Bewjah leader), 1 office und
small, private meetingtrooms. The hea
pervades the atmosphere viften stirs the passions of the
pate exquenee, fights have become
regular part of the night' activities

District
surrounded om all foser sides by reality
Arthur Hoppe
The Washington, 0.0. metro area extends far beyond
the District. Most people who work inside the nation's

apical have hommes ebewhere- Additionally, many political
an governmental functions averflow from the nation's

capital into the surrounding suburbs and satellite citie
Becuuse the Prince and the other elders focus so much on
trying to control che important sites inside Washington
nenmares have plenty of opportunities 1 power oF
carve their own mches in the surrounding aress.
Virginia

Many visitors to D.C. fail wo realise the number of
groups or sites associated with Washington tharare actually
located in Virginia, The Pentagon, Arlington Cemetery,
National Airport and Dulles Airport. and the U.S. Marine
Corps Memorial are all un Virgu Two View
border Washington, D.C» Alexandria and Arhingre
cexandria is the larger of the two, and in the firs few
the District's history, Larue sections of this city were conic
cored to be part of Washington, D.C. Virginia took this area
back, however, and Alexandra grew mr be im own cit
‘separate from the capital.

Alexandria

Alexandria, Virginia wa founded int 1749, Before the
American Revalution, Alexanxiria was busy tobaccey
trading primarily with shaps from the East and West indies
Plantation owners came for miles to shu in A\
and the city thrived, George Washington, and, years later.
Robert E. Lee, grew up here. Toxlay Alexandrin is the
headquarters for a number of companies, inciuding
Garner media conglomerate, the publishersiof USA T
and other newspapers. Kindted interested in
the media create Retniners in this company. Mam
tech firms have started in pitt

themselves close ro the nation's capital in onder to lobby for
goverment prants and contracts,

Old Town Alexandria

Much of the colonial chaem of Alexandria has beer
preserved, Homesund shopedutinu buck tw the 18th:
fine cobblestone streets in Old Town Alexandria, nd
clipper ships still dock at the waterfront' The atiioaphiere
festivals and art displayed in the OM Town, designed to
sense of nostal

Numerous bridges connect Arlington to Washington
D.C. and the city's heights command impress :
the capitl. Arlingeor was pure of DAC. intl 1845, when
Virginia reclaimed all of the Tana te had denated to the
District. Like meh of northers: Virginia, Atlin
sealdenttal-aeea.."The rich and penwerfil owes some very
Ieautifal homes here


Arlington National Cemetery

Here rests it horned glory an Ameria soldier known
bur w God

inscription om the Tomb of the Unknowns

Then are mone than 200,000 graves at Arlington Nie
ona Cemetery sina most Kindred avoid the ste for fer that
elcone among the Washington Kindred primarily for
H they mighe tamper with this or one of the other
cemeteries in thearea Fifteen funerals day gonat Adtington
National. and by the year 2020, the cemanery hou be full
The mnt ofter-via ‘sthatoflohn F. Kennedy,
wherethe eternal flame con inuestoburnsteadly.Juequeline
Kennedy ishuricd beside him, and two oftheir chilsren rest
-t Kennedy's grive, masked by a white cron

clone by Much to the annoyance of the anarchs,
Marcus Vitel enjoys spending tine near the eternal flame
at viewings the Kennedy graves. This tronic penchant of
nce's, cuupled with his audiences at the Lincoln

al, gives tise to caustic comments like "the dictator

enjoys seeing another protector of democracy in fis grave."
Sonth of the Kennedy graves stands the Tomb of the
dices from the U.S. Sn Infantry stand watch 24 hours. day,
regan of wenther. The Prince forbid any interactions
vith these pur aiming cat asia ex-sfdie hirself, he

tespetts the tomb: and what it aya

The lnnge building at the front of the cemetery tx the
Netherlands Carillon, From the Carillon, one ean look owe

across the Potomac and see the monuments, illuminated at
‘nigh by Alowallights.

The United States Marine Corps
ir Memorial

Uneinimt alt
— Adeniral Nimit

ibute to the men of lye Jima

This bronze staruereproduces the raisingofthe Amer

1 flag stop Mount Sutibacht on two ina. The sculpeure
war token from a photograph of che event taken by Joe
Runenthal. Each of the six soldiers is 32 feet high, and the

Discarded headstones

very year heastonesat Adlington National Cem
tery are teplaced rontutintain the beuneyaf the grounds,
Many of these discarded stemes have been
thevity mp

of across

foveven walls
nist NEE A Year, A
resident of the city diay stone somewhere
‘his operty. Whethert cd markershave
Storyteller: Many of them could be fetters for wraiths,
‘or contain tass fora Futhuiniates typi perhaps the
placement isall part of lage ritual

0. C. by Night

Alagpole is 60 feet long, The sculpeure is reputedly danger

ght, and the Prince and his minions like ti meet
with imporuine visitari here before moving 0.0 mate
secure location. Like most of the drei around Arlingron
(Cemetery, the Lincoln Memorial, che Washington Moniy
ment, and the Capitol done are easily visible frum hese,

The Pentagon

The woitli's seven fangest
eastof Atlington| I Cometery.Itdoes hve fives,
each one measuriny 691 feet, which has caused thie more
‘mystcally inclined ro wonder what lies trappes within. The
Interior courtyard alone contains five acres of land. During
the day more than 23,000 people work inside thir massive
structure. Seventeen snd a half milesofcorridoes stretch on
‘ara on thrawghourt the building. The Prince keeps the

sntgson. a part af his personal domain, but even he would
not know ifudesen other Kindred had havens inside

Stephen Norton's Mansion

‘This mansion helongs to Dr. Stephen Norton, one of
Washington's Malkavians. I sts acop a bluff overlooking
the Potooc River, The interior of the mansion \s bath
‘opulent and extravagant, and fills omewhere between the
extremes of tasteful and gaudy. De. Norton purchased the
house with monies that came fm fencing stolen jewels
The mansion also has the most elaborate security system,
shat De. Norton and his underworld contacts coukl devise
The location of the heme Is nor public knowledge

McLean

MeLesn isan of Washingnéin's wealthiest suburbs and
contains very litte that interests tourists, which 4 hin)
residents there prefer things, Several elders lave luoines in
MeLear, and the suburl is well yuatdes

Mount Vernon

‘About halfain hour uth of the city along the Potomac
sits Mount Vernon, the plantation hme of George Washing
ton. This mansion contains many of the First President'
frenonal items and és surraunded by Feautful lawns with
oyorood wna plum trees. The esi hone fst re mo and
"nusticited" look, achieved by pointing white over sand, thus
snaking the wood resemble stone, Whes ships us the plant
tionan the Poteac,theyslite.Thehomereminsundisterted
by Kinulred, although ihe Prince hus twice removed foolish
vampires who decided (a take up residence in the mansion,
pesingathrei to the Masquerae in therfailune to realize hen
secure Mount. Vernon's hidden high-tech secutity stern is

Vienna

A. lange Virtual Adepes Chantry makes ies home in
Vieni, another wealthy suburb, These mages have created

ling stands just sour


a notional online network, through many people have
scosssfully heen linked into computers. Vienna isalxclose
to George Mason University.one of Washington'scontinu:
‘aly growing institutions:

Fairfax
F

‘County includes many of the suburbs

jelear that the city of Foitiax sy
seradily. Although few Kindred presently have influence in
Fairfax, chis is sure 4) change.

Reston

This planned cornmumity sclone to Dulles Airport in
Virginia, During the 1960s, rourists would visit Reston in
der to see how a planned eity developed. Althoxigh
Reston cerminly has its own unique atmosphere, it shares
cumy of the characteristics of the other Vieginia suburbs:
This commuruty is Venteue storihol

Tyson's Corner

Anotherhoomingsuburbot Washingson, Tyson's Cor:
nersshometomanythinkrsnksand swernment contractors

Its roy major nails contain a wide vatiety of shops and
husinesses -

Maryland

Two Maryland counties, Moatgomery and Prince
Gronye's bonler on the District, Many of Maryland's sub

utbs contain large cities, which could have their own
princes if they weren't satellites of Washington aad th

claimed by Prince Virel. The Maryland border serves bor!

asastaging pround fer Sabbat incursions und arallying point
for unarch movements. Nonetheless, most elders of Wash
ington, D.C. maintain havens for thenmel wer in Maryland
48 «precaution against trouble in the District or a» a
remporary escape from ite constant tnerigues and politics.

Bethesda

A residential and of the city
Bethesda is known for best al Hospital and the
National Institute of Health, Wisconsin Averise, whi
mikes nsmight shor south into Georgetown, connects
Bethesla ro Washington. D.C Wisconsin alsy contin
north into Rockville, Maryland's second' mont popiilous
city where tt chanwes 1s name 10 Rockville Pike. The
Bethessla Insticute of Mental Health hides the wark of the
Molkavian Dr, Jeffrey Granger, whi manipulates the entire
facility. The red bine of che
Bethesta,

Cheverly

A suburly on the northeastern D.C. border, Cheverly
sins next to the Baltimore-Washingron furkway, Sabkot
picks have used Cheverly asa bate ro stage attacks against
DC's Kindred population. Quick access to the parkway
makes escape to Baltimore simple.

The Maryland Suburbs
‘of Washington, D.C.


Chevy Chase

A fev of the homes it this affluent suibuirh borer parks
which give access to sewer tunnels lewling into Washington,
DIC. Some ofthe younger Noderatn lke to travel into Chevy
Chive through these amnels, questing for excitement and
advernnae. Chevy Chase is not the place uo find either.

College Park

This community surrounds the University of Mary-
Iaed, home to the Maryland Terrapins and a source of
tremenslonn pride for many Maryland residents. The reputae
tion ofthe Univervity of Marylandasan academic insication
continues to rise; many Kindred make use of its resources
faced of information. The college campus makes an
excellent hunting ground,

Greenbelt

‘The home of NASA's Goxkdard Space Flight Center,

this Maryland subrl «Located om the B.C. metto system

The Technocracy cantrols Greenbelt, and most Kindred

the area, The suburb contains a Void Engineers!

ty. A loc of work tvalving the Hubble Space Tele

iteenhelt, as the Void Engineers do their
the universe,

whet

Hyattsville

Hyarrsvifle, Maryland has been free of Kindred influ
cence formest of tsexistence. Thissmall suburhancommanity
(s located about seven miles northeast of downtown Wasks-
ington, and currently, ity hurting yrounds are vuciane,

Laurel

Locate between Baltimore and Washington, Laurel boasts

well-known home-ricing track, A small cluster of anarchs
‘laimtocontrol Laurel, but none ofthe Kindredof Washington
believe this band will lve more than a few months:

New Carrolton

Now Carrolton is located near Landover, Maryland,
thesiteafthelS Ake Atma Formerly she0 piel Contre

hoststhe Washington Bullets basketball and the
‘Washington Capiz hockey games: "The Arena tsao ane
‘of D.C's main concert venues. New Carsolton's train sta-
tion which has become favorite esource for vampires who
‘want to sneak into the nation's capital, as Union Station,

ide Washington, is much tao closely guarded.

Rockville

Rockville, the second largest city in Maryland, has be-
‘come o dilemma for the elders of the [Mstrict. Connected to
‘Washingnnn, DC, by the red line Metto, Interstate 270, and

D.C. by Night

Rockville Pike. this young city's supematural population and
the problems which have arsen have raed 1 dette about
whether Rockville should have sts own prince. Vitel bat
‘completely opposed tthe ikea: however; he has no tse
thycandidarestocake the onion, Inthe meantime, Reekoille
remains under the Prince's domain, but is relatively unc
trolled. A rfinefor DC. undesirablesin Rockville tseveloping
here nd beginning to adope atorch philosopbics.

Silver Spring

"This subuth. leeatedl on Georgia Avenue north of the
District, has one of the largest populations of anaech in the
area. The Brijah anarch Velver spends much of her time i
Silve and the:atea has becoue the site of battle

ous groups of anurchs. Prince Vite pb
‘lean out Silver Spring shortly

Suitland

This suburb lies to the southeast of Washing

foreign leaders enter ani leave the eity. The m:
facilities for the National Archives are in Suitland,

Wheaton

Located on one end of dhe metto line, Wheaton is 4
solid pare of Prince Virel's Jomnain, A few miles noeth of
Silver Spring slong Georgia Avenue, the town is home toa
number of the D.C. elder vers, Until the
‘arch movernent in Sver Springstarted growing, Wheaton
‘wast favorite hunting ground for the Prince to dole out
young, loyal vampires.

Nearby cities

As the East Coase megalopolis continues to gm
disaances between cities shrink. Daring the last censis
‘Washington and Baltimore were grouped together as part of
the same metro area. Travel between these cities ts
than an hour by car, and in many ways, diese domains are
becoming moreclosely cied. Unfortunately forthe Camanila,
this aids the spread of Subkar and anarch influence. Once
the flames of revolution catch in one city. they sread
quickly to their neighbors
The war for Baltimore will have a drut effect on

Washington, D.C and her other neighbors. If either die
Camarilla triumphs or the anarchs manage to cake the elty,
then the Prince will lose many of hisasets, and the District

will be less of a threat in the eves of the Cumarilla elders. A,
Justicar on his way to help estat 9 strong domain in
Baltimore mizht even stop off vo scnstinize the situation i
the nation'scapical, Ifthe Subbu triumphs, then an actual
‘Sabbat threat to Vitel' power may atise, as uppesed to the
managed attacks that currently go on,


Annapolis
Annapolts is the capital of Marykend, although for tone

than 300 years Raltimote has sucpassed the city in both fare
and industry. This picturesque Maryland city is set near the

Cheapeake Bay, only an heur from D.C: by ear, Many pre-

Revolutionary Warhuildingstl stndin Aniaplis, ending
the city an armonphere of a quietee time. The mowt well
{nown feanure here isthe United States Naval Academy, The
Kindred popularionofAnnopolisemainsCamanil although
Sabbat packs direaten the city every few year.

Baltimore

‘The langest city near Washington, DAC, Baltimore's

urts overlap with the DLC. mete area, and it shares an
surport (Baltimore-Washiagton International) wich the
fstion's capital. The two cities als share football nd a
trsehall rear, to few of the residents' delight. For most ofits
hisxory, Baltimore was a much lager anal move important
Washington metro area continues «© expand and now
thremens to overshavlow Baltimore.

While Winshingicn considers itself the stronghold of
the Camilla us the war with the Sabb, Balti
front line. Both Sabbat bishops and Camarilla "princes?
claim to control Baltimore; thus there ate blowly hittles
‘every night in the city, Prince Vitel would like ro see the
Camarilly retreat from Baltimore: the more Cuinarilla
Sabbar interaction that eccum in the reglsin, the yreater the
danger to his own position

Among mortals, Baltimore isknown foritsscenic hiner
Harbor, At night, the fogcomes ff the Ray and shrouds the
sity io mst, enhancing the foreboding atmosphere of the
war sone. A train called the MARC travels regularly
hetween Baltimore and! Washington.

Fredericksburg

Fiity miles south of Wishington, D.C. on Interscate
Fredericksburg, Virginia. This smal city was very important
during the Revolutionary and Civil Wars and served as
‘Confederate hastion during the Civil War to procece Rich
‘mond. Several mayor bartiefelis ach asChancellorvle an

the Wildemess, are neat Fredericksburg. few vampires have
‘havens there, but most find it dull and tawdry.



Cha

pter Four:

The Damued??

Meat Puppets

the F

With ce Landin af Chicas

he tose powerfel pricce int

tecent demise of Pei

M 4 inunguestional

sted Seates. Ni
yao inl

th cannot batulle all
pital, Ede

arwork ith
isthe

lobe spin their w
nporaitons, toby,
powerful

hub

# American leaders, in light
oh

Most vampites knew mortals
Helens Tay

sntanships for pr

f the number of

al

rely on these re
happens
Sob, th

whether the
this ype of

indeed of Waa

keeping one

be

attributed 1

fanning the lames of anti

here the angels. fy

ro

Sabor paran

al before Prine
Even those D.C. K
Prince
ity, Hynters,

Vivelor
laimsabous th
odin

Additionally, the vam

nse political games than
other North Amenwcan ¢
te

T

as many ghouls os pe
plat

their infly
the Kindred of Wad

11 shone bathe
eeach of etiquvtte
between DA

don't keep cell

will spre

4 the

his listing
Wash

threat hay

ty: Neatly

and thos
J swittl
Jiste

Chapter Four

The Dan


te flux. Many of the city'
dor, inet their Final 0

amber the city's lead

acneonatesebewhere.Iramig

Secrets

Allofthe vampires in thi
is from A 10 F tke th

particular vampire knows ab
ves in Wa

w the truth

A haracter know
The character has dangerous
to Blackmail others

Rie A vampire with this

especially among u
ath in 1968 und the years
pat trikes. A
dismissed

flow in to seeve the inter:

ince quietly exiles undesirables

inclinied here ate some of the mon: important
vt tio Kiva whi Marcus Viret's dora,

bookehiw

out the

s allbutthe greatest

knowledge whieh she could

or which may give

knows the locations of mi

sall of the main secrets of the

ity. He can sce through many mntrigues and keep an

level ef See
roups and have influence in

which agencies. A character with this level
kw
enough to te

Knowle
but he also knows
hen

s enough to play games in socler
that ie has just hit

B A Kindred with this level of Se a bit of
knowledge that could surprise many vampires, but most of
them concem her clan or astociates, She manages to keey
abreast of nl why

B. Thischm
buthe has difficulties keeping tnick of midde
maynor know some atthe Kindeed whisk
vf the "public" eye

rer knows a great deal about alliances,
shifts, He alia

C+ This chometer has jusc enough Knowledge to

keep from falling into dangerdus peestatian traps: He's nat

good enough to play the games

power except ast

©. This chanicter

al conversation, sind she em
all of the major elders of the city

th th
players bur hedoesn''t und
oc have the ability 1

jeanest from

CA vurapire with this level of Know
the namesot the pow
the
Most lessimportant

D The
level of secrets. She knows tho the Prince of Washington

F The char

faces with the names

fred are unkriown tothe character

prose to identify other elden

may have been introduced to the
rile eve bout the eity

DC

by Night


BRUJAY

The Brujah have the potential to wield tremendous could claiina seat on the D.C. primojgen should he wo dei
influence over events in Washington, D.C., yet they refuse bur he fears the conflict that would being,

tmorgantze asa clan tocaert their power, Incertain sectie Bjorn now loseshinmelfinhedonisticexcesat his cu
sith city especially Northeast, the Brujab have hunting — Purgatory, ss. Adari-Mongan, Though he este offers hi
grands where almost anything yoes: The Frince acteally friendship, wien he does choose a friend, his loyalty know
mores violence and havoe in these areas in order few hounds. Bjorn leads the Brajah in the eity by defoule
imaincain feeding grounds where the possibility of violats nlthouigh many of the yourier atl snore anwrchistic of th
the Maxquerade is very sisi. A few younger Brujah fre ave gran tired of waiting forthe Viking

recognizes the sheer power and ev
ined with the vibrancy of young residents to create an

burning inside Marcus Vitel. The Prince scares tien
fxciting environment. thas beyun todoubethat Vitel ea Ventrue orevenak

Bjorn Garinson Still, he knows that one day, Ragnarok will come

he hack room of Purgatory bas Vitus name on i

Bjorn remember hislighfromNorway, with Vertue res Darke Rawen
and Toreador ghouls hard on his heels. He remembers x

nt Judge
boties which destroyed the Brujah Vikings and their ange

lise and turned Scandinavia over to the Blue Bloods, _Demeanor: Bon Vivant

cot ofall he remembers the desperate hunger that assailed Gesveration: Grh
himasheandhiscrewofhand-pickedwarriorssailed forthe Embraces A.D, 621
ngoflegend, intentonly on survival. Hewasthesole Apparent Ages 52
« hiv shield mates dled to slate his desperate Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity §, Stamin
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appesrans

His Viking longshipreached land justin timeforBjoms Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3. Wi
toplange into the forest and dighimself n grave. There he —Talentst Alertness 4, Athletics §, Briel 6, Doxge 2, Ems
Lay ia torpor, waiting for any signs of civilization, thi 1, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise
Je woke centuries later, his fist contact with the
sucicde world the ypade of settler slamming into bis rib
Bjom tore through the started homestender and his family
tefoce he hud nie co determine who they were. He war
iced for nearly a week before be found more people

The population he discovered were not Vikings but
English, French and Dutch colonists: He could not speak
their language, of the colonists treated the giant
satior as a minster of the wood. Over the years, be kept
inovingdcros the country, sometimesstopnine none place

jecaces ata time. Slowly, he leamed English. Time

and bitter loneliness haschanged jor, and often times, he
tas trouble caring about anything,

Biom'sonly remaining hope s that sameday the Bru
will lly co throw off the Camarill's yoke. He remembers
how the clan's i ¢ contributed to thelr defeat in

Scandinavia tong ago, and will nor willingly come into
ict with the of until hizown can unite, Hehe
come to D.C. hoping w create a Beujah force in the very
henreof the Camanitla empire. His Lack of success, howe
naw leads him to despair of ever gaining his revenge, He

Chapter Four: The Damned


Skills: Animal Ke
Fiteurmns 2, Mel

Boa Handling 4, Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 4

Knowledges: Linpuisticy 3, Medicine 1, Qccult 2, Politics
Discipliness Animatim 2, Auspes 4, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3,
Obluscate 1, Potenice 5, Presence 3, Protean 2

Willpower: §
Imager Bjcen tsa giant of» san, abou 6

Teather jackets and generally dresses like
aftencovering varias parts his bey with tartoxs
leplaying Hints: It would be easy tu play Born as
reotypical Viking — loud, boisterous and piven to raate
bur chereis more han this. Hohassuffered the
thi Kinulted, snd ts anwaling to endure 1 again
Panty toavond dealing with reality; bur don't take ceop fray
anyone except the Prince. Never underestimate an appr
sent and sry the blorsy hell away from paliricalsin
Havens Purgatory:
Secte
Influences While he ostensibly leads the cley's Bruja, i
reality Bjom has influence only over Pusyatoty and the
Purgatory Crew. Amongmartals he hasthe most power over
having Blood! Bound

precinct cot

Philip Freeman
Plus grew up on the servers ot Southeast DC. His

cearlient memory is of the rioting char owed the death of
Martin Lather King, Jt. After this, » young Philip watched
his neighborhood slowly begin to decay, his older brother
«andes drive-by and his family plinge deeper
per into the well of poverty. The frustration and
helpleseness of his carly years was almost tne much, Philip
was smart cough fo get into college, hur he just didn't have
the scholahip money, and he was needed! to help ont at
home when his father was injuted at the construction site
where he worked.
Finally, Philip s
selling drags. ftw

the only way for him
work. He wasn't going to push anything had, just some grass
or pills. Philipdidn't want tokill anvone: he just needed wo

some money, and then he'd quit selling te stuff and

§ he the end of it; When crack got into the city, he
didn't want to believe that be had partly been responsible
focspteading thedeadly,addictivesubstance. Allthose poe
peuple so deyperate for another rock disgusted him. He tried
to ell himself they would have messed themselves upsome
vebier way if he hadn't been anand

D.C. by Night

‘Then his little sister gor into » bunch of his pills. Ju
some trangs and uppers. She dies. Just like thar.

Something inside Philip snapped. He gor his gun,

up and went ater his wppher. In a furious frenzy
he shot up the place, but he damn guy juse wouldn't ce Ae
Philip sprayed him with his AK. he retumed a continucy
barrage of fire. nor stopping until he huxl shor Philip nbour
aa dozen times with his 357.

Seenehiow, Philip staggered back out into the sees;
blood pouring fe rnultiple wounal all ower his body. A
Figure grabbed him from the shadows. "Boy." whispenal &
sultry voice, "you've got balls of steel, torporinysa Setite like
that." She kised him, und be died.

Now Philip's a Brujah, He moves irom place ro pace,
taking apartments in the houstr projeets wher he can ft
them or else convincing people with him fea day
orto. He knowsehac kind of shitsgoingon inNortheui
undhedoes whateverhe can tovombut it. Recently, he wole
« flamethrower fiom one of the muny hidhden armas
airotind DiC. and embarked upon a crusade to destwy

sandoned drug houses. It's only a matter of rime before
Phulip torches the wrong hous,

He often carries an AK-47, an few are stupid enim
to mess with him, His humanity keeps falling as the boxy
‘count rises, but Philip's willing to sacrifice his soul ro s2op
this stuff. He doesn't care if the kid ts just holding a bey of
A someunes trying it for the frst tle. [t's wwe,

Sire:
‘Natures Fanatic

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: Lith

Embrace: 1984

Appacent Age: 22

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 3; Sminion ¥


Secial: Charismes 4, Manipal
Mental: Percepcion 3, Intell
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3,4

on 3, Apppen

nce 3, Wits 4
Brawl 4, Doxlge 3,
ip 2

Bu
2, Medicine

i pood
ages Philip cn

auple clothes

He'<dark skinned clean shaver

asses
Wah a »

lend tn with
any sutton nyof South
taeto¢ the most expen: clubs in €

Roleplay

You helieve

Hints: n everywhere

take

tion and keep his ow
‘ne only brought raore pain
li the filthy rich and ypend
to clean up the hleaker ureasof B.C. You,

fhe Man, but all you really

aid hos into your life, You se
fou time wockie
pe lip.

Prince

Havent \

ne backup in-eawe you uncovera nest of sepents

laluence: Non

Velvet

Lifeon the streets was never ensy, buethire's
thing oboe Ws

ory

ne good
sp well

aise to he lady of the night st mi
Inaugural Ball with 9
always tried to sray
spherself free of drugs sand disease

wank representative. Sh

lem and k adiffiele

task an thes day Bur one night her Westyle caught
op with I
roca the multiple rapesin,

their nan

raphic dail, incl
igh an

hs choked-ens bet
wdofanger and passion
Bitnerly she thought

he whitiw
dh her attacker
hot Mr. Hero deserved a free one

then everything went
When she woke up, the 1
sls
sts life became much 0
yn childe for long. She knew what she
OW to get it. She even considered trying 10
ince, but he set off far
nore, Velvet cou

wn cheeks, we newt
eeddn't

many warming
‘stand anyone trying

is Mai

antrol
Sire: Philip F

Generation:
Embrace: 19

vuldsberolerat
ity burnesd, just for the sake

ade. Velwet us started workin

ment. She helieves that d ehe she aid th

hen Vitel has ty go. She never wants

cone willing

ontrolled by anyine agin

Bon Vivant
Uh

86

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical:
Social: Char
Mental:

Talents: A
Streerwire 8
Skills:
Knowledges:

Disciplines:

Backgrounds:

Viet
Hursanity:

Ce

Willpower:
Image: Vely

ength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
ema 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
coll 3
ing J, Alereness2, Brawl 3, Daege IE
Subeortuge 4

ception 4)

pathy 3,

2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, M wealth
LM

Law Medicine 1, Occult 2

Linguistics

Celerity |, Potetice 1, Presenice 3, Obie

Tontacts 3, Resoutees 2, Mentor f

510" all and
and black eve

se look gon
Roleplaying
boty topeeq0
with

progeny: for

Hints: You are crafty andl
faces. You enjoy flirting ind
1, alton

rsomne, Currently, yout scourinygour petentia

sme reavon, Prince Vitel gave you petrission ti

Chapter Four: The


Haven: Howie on

Influ

her old ones just p

one, was fool
although

Consuela, whe
low you down. ¥

our manhood and

wa sucking your

argatory." You dh

new Brijah. Perhaps he suspects that you're behind

Tov bad, because youd

Gonzalez Apparent Ages

yen, there wasa little within stp chick — Skills BAive Sy iFinaazing dy Melee 3, Repair 2, Ste

andgetingsmabed out you mi AB WRN toe Backgrounds: AlliR} Geit , Resouces 1
lom wasthar when it came tindestingy che Willa ung, she

in those deep tones of his, except who the fuck
‘Well, before you
sthole lor more.

yrtanal he warts yon edie

on' play prestation games unless you

jough of a man, Now you're a

16th Servet.

amon, anarchs Velvet is also tevine to.
in the city and national government
voted aut of oftice

Embrace: 1991

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, mina 3
‘man in your neighborhood. The other ag
wu, theladieswantaiyousandnoone,but Social Charms 2, Manipulatigaiy Appearance +

th enouigh to mess With you. You sold theese: Mental: Perception 3, Intellipdige 2, Wits 3
mu personally avont the stuf ad i agen: Alertness iene 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise 4

fn't understand that Having q bid would — Knowledges: GLingeics 1
va eater fyi weet se Disciplines: Colerit fimence

‘ound ubirch walling (VOR The only Virtues: Concha Selb yntrol 5; Courase 3

Humanitsa6

life cures your ae The sey
an upside-dowdi\Algarchy' att ah.

ch your own ody and ime al Joo Peponic gy who seems
id and By "14 Gianinson explained ey live on thdligdlat a mote yield (usually one missing from

a local dealeal Ae weaty @xbAsive leather jackers. He's
suds ypletallee, and soars bit when

By Fhow you're great, bur you've

bane listens to you. You hate the

stands fo., and you wiry te ease
ws Possible without going over the line. The
Feome when old man Man

Haven: Basement of an old obandoned house near Silver
Spring.

Secrets: C

Influence: Almost une,

DC

by Night


‘Clan Gangee! has the least involvement in the po!
of Washington, D.C. Theysee Washington asa major focal
pot fortoo many supernatural entities. fall theclans, the
Gangrel are the mort puzzling to Marcus Vitel ancl Peter
Dorfman. No one knows exactly how the Gangrel might
fmact na situation, and none knows what the limits tis
than are.

Art Morgan

As Acctellsit.he was born a leon timeago inland that
wes the leck as its syenbol, ard he was taughe to respect
amthorty and seek out justice. ls ife und death have been,
se long stranige trip, He never put down tots, but he
imide many frletus uver the courte ofa long lifetime,

Att Monyan is connected to te mictal world throug
is ob with Deviant magatine, a small rag chut reports on
dug worshippers, rival skin gratting, and the dangers of
gresscul. This tabloidatyle periostical worships cheir best
feporter ind will finance him to travel anywhere,
he evil is good story,

Arr Morgan happens th he ane of the few beings in the
World of Darkness who is welcomed i aliast any circle
The anarchs believe that he's a fellow spirit. A faction of

1 become Justicar Gangrel, Even

pect him — he ssone of the only vampines to

trave visited the Sept othe Awakening. Men in Black have

followed Are around more than a few mages — both

Technoicracy sind Tradition — conwider Morgan to be
friend,

Art Morgun isan enigma, deluded elder who belleves
hhecan be a Justicar with his own guard of Archons. whom
hherefuses to Bloyal Bond. This Cainite iste hes friend
young vampire can make in Washungwon, D.C. Some say
thor Arr'ssaul wasreben daring the 1960, because despite
hisage he seems rather in touch with the modern world, cr
ules that narticulr era, Art Morgan sivesa ereat deal of
gralit to De, Timothy Leary's consciousnessexpany

Tintagel
aller
Demeanor: Cayalier
Generation: 71h
Embrace: 550 A.D,
Apparent Age: 50s

Physicals Strength 5, Dexterity 4) Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulstion 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents:

Enmpaehy 5, Intimidation 3, Leadership

Subteriue 4

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Drive 2, Equerte 2, Melee 6, Music 3

Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival +

Knowledges: fureauemscy 1, Compter?2, Finance |, Invest

gation 4, Law 4, Linuuistes 8, Occult 5, Poincs 4, Sele

Disciplines: Awspex 3, Ax

Forrinde 5; Obfuscate 3, P

Backgrounds: "lies 5

Virtues: Conse

Humanity

Willpower 10

Images Art hay 0 scragaly look: his long blond hie, boar,

and! mustache ill te desperately in need of trimiminyl. His

yellow eyes are haunting, wolflike. He's fond of claiming

that he sees the world only in black and white. Mong
ars a Mack wool trench coat, iewyed Thins, ripped

Hine jeans, dirty boots; ane Lenn glasses everywhere he

goes. Beneath his clothe s bodys covered

with tick brown fur, which, slong with his long whiskers

be shaves constantly, His van, aypnle green magic bus, can

be heard from nnywhere in the nat vicinity

Rleplaying Hints: Most peuple shuld not reals just

deranged you are. Be unthinkably mellow. Act like u duxle

tack fromm recent Grateful Dead

ing, Alertness


heir piece und respect the hell out of ocher people, See wit

There's no

hut everybody in the world underestimates jx

reasornfor thers to realize thar you are the way youtare because
ui can' focus on any one thing. for mone than a few seconds
Haven: M

Secrets: A

Influence: Art Morgan has pull with the Rone Gnawers of
Washington, D.C, and all of Clan Gangrel. Addi

people are quick co confide in him, whic

knows far more than he thinks he does. Fi

EPA and the Depart

Joseph Fuller
Washinton, D.C., in onder omake we ofits vec ibraies.

Finding a number of Iike-mind
Jueule

di tnvividualy, Joseph

tide Egyption god worshipp rh

nself at the head as pharaoh ind high priest. Heattracted
a lot of the young, the jaded, wealthy among
Washington ts. Drugs and promises of enlighten

ritual yacrifice became part of the cults sicrament

Adrienne Connot, a wandering Gangrel, was p

thigh Wieshington, D.C when she stumbled across the
wo intrigued, and afer a ine, she became

ver, During a particularly excising private eitual,

ine Adrienne and she frencied, tearing

oat open. Wh ower, she was

wrk jules ana anewillingy co be Jonep hy expize, she
‘When she realized fully the implicationsof
Adrienne fled th

hat she had dane

Hood Hh

city in order toa
with hisunlife. After

4 shore time, other members of clan Gangrel discovered
him, and Prince V hllde

4 conmeted Joseph after he entered Kindrad
ne Secites than with Clan Gangel, and he
Marcus Vitel will dicaver
hiscontacts with the Setite clan, He realtes that he's no
typical Gangrel, and he's started to dream about eseablish
ing his own bloodline. He would like to manipulate his
childe. Tabitha Preste, to gain mote influence in the eit.

at Art Moigan has toa rach of a hold over ber

el tentatively accepted

fears that either Art Motwan o

Sire: Adrienne Consws

Nature: Dinsctor
Geneeation: 1th
Embeace: 1984

Apparent Age: 27
Physical: Strength 2, Deate

Demeane

2, Stamina 3

thon 4, Appearance 4
ception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talent 2, Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Lowderchip
Subterfuge 4
‘Skillet Animal Ken 3, Drive 1, Melee 1, Music 1, Repair

Srealth 1, Survival 3

Koowledgess lavestigation 1; Lingutsties 2, Medicine 2,
Occult §

Disciplines: Animalism2, Fortitucle 2, Protean 2, Presence |
Serpentis |

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Hend 5, Infhience 1

Retainers 2

Resources 3,

Virtues

Conseience 3, Self:Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 6

Image: Joseph stall and lanky. He istan skinned
eown fis whi
ff his body, especiilly his chest, and vsully wears black sil
tubes. He fu red welts on his urns and back from where he
plucks Feathers to hide his animul features.

Roleplaying Hints:
world
Followers of Set
leader, though youdoa't k

dascurly
‘caches past his shoulders, He likes to show

1s. You wish the
cially their mysterious
ie, she walks in your
evens, you choose

reams. Youre friendly toorhers,
your words catefully
Haven: An

artment near the Farragut North metro

ove to George Washington University

Secrets:
Influence: Joseph has a cule of 20 t0 30 followers, many of
almaost anything for hin, While few of his
followers have much power, a number are from influential
anal wealchy families.

whom would d


Tabitha Prester

Tabitha was abused sa chil and the emotional scars
fe uty Le ae wover through the poetry she writes. Het
ily suicidal verse strikes a chord with others who have
‘affered usshe hus, anl those who fee! alienated f ch d
Formost of her life, Tabicha isol
Teened in dis philosophy and theokigy upon which she
donee 1 crete her poetry, Her human existence was nearly
intolerable. Butall this came ond when she was Embraced.
il of her crazy

Terrified by her new condition and fe

synpatheric friend in Att Morgan. Art taught her abs the
Traditions xed the stern of Ki
fecome one ol Arr's "Archans." She ls quite protective of
ahle to admit i, and neither chooses to tecogsize the ft,
Tabitha isin lave with Art

Arc has helped Tabitha to realize the degree to which,
shchad squandered her life. Before hee death, and before she
‘et Morgan, she hod! never made the effort to discover all
thar life could offer. Since her Embrace, Tabitha has found
new faith and ree

ied society. Tubitha hs

The vampire is cireently reseatchiny, Kinetedl history,
specifically the history of her own clan and how each of the
diferent clans evolved. One of the few benefits to being
Hlood Bound to the Prince is the easy access ahe has to i
brary, which contains the ancient Latin pach

joys conversing in his longed matt

‘0 often discuss Kindred smd mortal history i Lat

Tabitha is good friends with Chas Voyager, the

had of the Toreador, and Bjorn Garinsory, head of th
in kinship with Washin

She serves as protector to Meliys,
her clothes, food for her cats and
whenever Meliss needs it, Tabitha remembers her own
<hildhord, andl wants tobe sure chat Melissa istaken care of
Hee bet friends, besides Art, are Art's other *Archons"
Pieter vars Dorm
Sire: Joc Fuller
Nature: Architect
Dleecon or Si
Generation: {2th
Embrace: 1988
Apparent Age: 25
Physical: Serength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charixns 3, Manipulation |, Appearance 2
Mental: Perosption 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Acriny 2. Aleerneas |. Athlete | Renal 3, Dade
Empuchy 4, Intimidation 1, Leadership, Streetwise 1, Sub:

:nimal Ken 2, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee t, Music 2,

2, Security 1, Stealth 1, Survieal 3

Repair 2

Knowledges: fre
Thenlogy 5
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Fortitude 2
3, Mentor 3, Resin

Self-Control 5, C

ntey Computer 1, Financ

aw, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, History 4. P

Willpower: (0
mage: Tabitha ls an avery

Bjorn Garin
Be fon
and loyalty to. your friends. You
tangled your web of allegiances has become, and
"friend" start pulling (
" react. Your priorities
(though you are well aware that this
choice), Art yourf
possible to avoid going into frenzy
Haven: A townhoust fi Marylani! near the UC
Secrets: B
t Everyone listens to Tabitha, but ¢
she is getting hervelf into un awkward p

Melissa

Putence 1, Pr

aking womnan, 5°
ly fen

with

realize just hw

different ditections, there 19 n
re: your Prine

not by

ns, and then yourself: Do everythin,

Melissa knows that she's alittle gil who has lived in

Witshington, DC. all uf her life. S)
nation's capital, and she'll be gl

a good girl. The
someny, Tabitha Prester, though Melissa knows that
is not her real inommy. One day, she hones that

knows tha

ince locks out for

Chapter Four: The Dainticd

0 you thu, Meliss'

and se) does he


Uncle Art and Tabitha will fallin love and get married
Then she can be theie litte ye

Melissa doesn't remember much of hee life before she
wasa vampire. Allshe knows istharone day astrangercame
tw visit Then, she woke up in the middie of the night, and
the house was on fire and the stranger was fighting with a
bunch of men. The stranger heat them all up. but then he
attacked Melissa, Bad stranger. After that be bit her and
carted her outside, Melissa doesn't know what happened to
mommy and daddy, She thinks they're dead, The stranger
‘made Melisa into a vampire, just like he was. Then. he left
her all alone

Melissa cried fora longtime. Noone wasatound ro love

ye the day. Melissa loves her kitties, expecially Dump:
is because he's che biggest and most cuddly, although he
docs meuw a betle fury
Aver the Prince, Mr. Vitel, found her, she was happy
only Arend Tabitha would stop being $0 serious an
J, then Melisa and her kitties would have o family
Sines Richard Dahl

woking litre girl with Bl
curls and earsrtice lothies, provided for het
by Artand his"Archons. She slmort always has a kitty i
her arms. Metissa has short whiskers whi

Nature: Child heechewksand:asinll cat tail, which she triesto hide under
Demeanor: Child Daze sin

Generation: 10th i T) Roleplaying Hints: You enjoy hidlaye under vables and

Embrace: 1914 : ; Wald yr ki ' understand you
Apparent Age: ah becatie chey're: r ‘abithus nad the
Physical: Strength, Dexterity 3, Staminiy on tact so grown up, You wo

¢ io ike, the Nicoferat excepmlney ue disgusting looking
Social: Charms 4. Manirultion 4 0 Ue neni enon
Mental Perception 5, Intelie y i] © pho think they're txrimportantooksil, butyou're careful
Tal ting 3, Alertness : ne w ati he wong vainpies

3, Einpachy 3, Sercerveive. Ne AAl  iis Havent Veuitoliow Tables aroud. but you usualy tive in
Shiller Anisnat itt fives 1 hamse tn Alesrmtrin

Knowledges: Occult! .

Disciplines Animals 5, rel a Alin uses er cunenas

Backgrounds ipestal Hem gettting che can out of people.
Virtues: Cnmeience 5, Selina ii

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 6

by Night


pends most of his time alone, with only his com
keep pany. His neighbors
they are possibly: the simply a reclusive professor with sone conection (oth
m. Sort Levin, i clan Jocal universities. His only regular visitor is Mal
rs operates as effective mation super- Dobbs, J tecnayet undergoing an extended
highway as he does in the Matkavian Madness Netw cernship" as Scott's ghoul
jewel thicf — ar  tohis own modest sell- _histrainof thought in the middleof a sentence. He often
eimacion, Dr. Jeffrey trols the Bethesda hears saices and sees things that others don't. Social
{rstitute of Mental He in filled with ex- interaction with Scot requites extreme patience. Mo
Cli agsnesand crim. managestoopenly defy Kindred humor hien and many of the other elders hav
illsfforts toapprcherd him in either Baltimore or D.C. pity forhim, Little dn they realize how dangers he can
ifthe Malkavians hd any type of clan structure, they potentially be

Computers are Se win's a he

hisexistence. No-ane i in of Seott Levin's origins, joleundla. Levin designs viruses, regularly cracks ppm
bur the most common theory is that he was an inventor 1s and keeps tabs on dotens of computer systems. He
during the lave 18005, who had the misfortune to F also exchanges e-mail with Drs. Norton and Gran
thar he has been nior Malkavian in D.C. since th

confidant
Generation: 9th

na 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Percention 4, Intelligence: 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 5, Alettneds 2, Empathy 3, Leadership

Skills: Drive 1, Eiquette 1, Firearms 1, Rept 5, Sec
:

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer, Finance 2 Investi
sgation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 3, Okcult 3, Politics 3
Sclenee 5

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Fortitude
Obfuscare 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 4, Retainers 2, Stanus

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Chapter Four: The Damned


Humanity: 7
Willpower:
lens possible. He wears
seare subtle shades of gray.
ngth dirry-blond hair which,
ice. When he has to get up, he

blue eves stand out strikingly

wnly one color: all of
He hus straight, shoulde
almoxt never stays in p
ands about 5°", TI

Roleplaying Hints: You always weara friendly smile, In
‘your woeld, it seems thar strange things ate perpetually
one thing thinks near your speed — your computer, It

ets requiring your
an't keep your mind from roving. O
ess fast en wksbetter than
people do. L c minor polities of

knew how co
"I show them.

play the real games, Someday ye
¢ near Chevy Chase
A
Levin virtually controls the
Washington, D.C
ject. He has cory

Cassie (Olivia Debray)

s one of the few Malkavians cuinsidered

named Olivia Debray, she has always had 4 gift far
resning the future, The upper-crust male friends who
otened to her predictions were well protected when the

mputer net
He can acces int
within almost

Cassie

tock marker ceached. A few even profited. Her ability ¢
jetell future events wasan oft-discussed subject among
her friends, and eventually word got to Seate Levin, who
ne fascinated by the young woman, Determining

1 her abilities might be extecmely useful, Scott Ein

braced Olivia und renamed hee Cassandea, which she

and iter she over:
ed her way into the good
ur the time that Marcus
snwita began to have daymare

lurk lord of the Sabbar destroying Wash

pled the F 0
ing herself more closely with the powerful new elder.
After Marissa fell, C

there was more to Virel than she had initially believed.

The tdea that she may h on the

ve been responsible
Final Death of het beloved Prince was just toon

her two handle

and her sense of identity sha
has three distinct major, andl at feast 10 minor,
personalities, three of whom are male

rmugjor personality is thar of Caste, Castie
irl who is able to see the futur
and caring: She loves

he's very kind
skip and play hide and seek

She'y mer Melissa of Clan Gangr
with her. Cassie wants kitties of her
thar ean chase Melissa's kitties wher Cassie get

her

Her second personality eal

and enjoys playing
own and a h

powerful player tn th
belioves that she is the real power heh

ian. This personality is very strong willed, and
the plays the political games well. She likes to weit
if enjoys flirting with both
the Prince und the Pontifex. Cassandes seems 91 power
ful that most of the harpies of Elysium suspect that het

peers

sie doesn't remember whar happens to Cassanara
Cassandra ulemost

appears on the wene

ity's political games. Cas

flowing expeasive drewes 3

wie Is only

since Cassandes remembers what Cassie, but

ways surfaces if a powerful vampire

Her third personality ts Olivia, a young won
the 1920s who's trapped in a nightmare. Olivia de
ammpire. She th

character who despetn
rors of unlife, but who ultimately lacks the courng.
self, Olivia takes over whenever Cassand
assic fil a Willpower check of any sort
All of her personalities experience visions of the
furure. When this happens, Cassie's eyes glaze over and
she begins to shake. The visions are another Derange

ment and have no bearing on reality: however, many
Kindred in D.C. believe thar they have relevance,

by Night


ort Levin
Varies, bur usually Child (Cassie), Ploccer
‘or Martyr (Oliv
Demeanoe: Va

Generation: I

sngth 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
sma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talemws: Accinng 3, Alen

focimidacton 2, Subcertuge 2

Skills: Ken 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,

Music 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Medicine 2, Occult 4, Politics |

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Fortitude l

Obfuscate 3, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Alli

Srarus 3

jem 5, Dale 1, Empathy 5,

2, Influence 3, Mentor3,Resoutces 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Comtn
Humanity: 8
5

Notes: She always loses a Blood Point wh

5, Courage 2

A thin, gaunt woman with black hair and hazel
sabout 54 iv styles rem
¢ 19205, She almost always wears a hat
wants to have fun. Yo
evecyone, and you don't let
Casandra) You are
Kindred community, You expeet respect from your peers
and groveling from your fessors. You keep careful tr
opportunity to. put
another riconate in your debe. (as Olivia) You can't
believe what's Somecne has to wake yo
You'te caught in a sick fantasy and there's no escape!
Haven: Cassandra has' house in Falls Church, Virginia,
foutheast of the District. The decor is rrue 1920s. A first
dition copy of The Great Gatsby sits on her coftee table

love to
dults tell you what todo, (as
‘commanding prevenee in the

of prestation and never miss an

ppeniry

Secrets: B
Influence: Cassandra has agents scattered throughout
Washington, D.C. Her greatest influence lies in th
local historic:

Razor

anarch Malkavian is one of the best Kindred
politicians in Washington, D.C. He manages to manipu:
late his image und reputation enough to be given credit
foractivities in which he hasno involvement, Razor has
aanetwork of ghouls who spread information through the
nrects, and also uses massive amounts of graffiti to get

ucur had been o regular bureaucrat named Gary

Stapleton, He was «normal guy with a notial life, or
pon his

shout as close is anyone can get to it. One aften

motorist offered n ny Co the nearest gax station

y accepted. Unbeknownst to
Rolf Trask, was a Malkavian vanny

nie benefactor.
with a homicidal
Ri missed a few exits, and then
a road that the bureauerar didn't tec
task Dominated h
(ook him toa horel. Having chorus!
tim, then Trask skinned him

ested, but

he expressions of agony on Stapleton's faceamuse
ry expired, Trask Embrace

tall over. Rolf kept Gary

Trask so much that after €
wcked in the hte
agged, with a "Do Not Disturb" sig
perpetually hung
dicioned maids, Finally
(the D

or to keep away the Con:

Gary snapped free mination: He minaged t
gethishandsonar
from a hunt, atnbushed his
the dead fl

Finally, when nothing was left of Tr

blade, and as Trask was reeumniny,
fe. The razor sinking int
sh, gaye Gary a feeling of empowerment
Jk but sacks
meat, Gary collected himself and fled
Everything was different now
back to his life ax w bureaucrat, Anyway, he
poiwer, no freccom in that lite. Nothin
him luke butchering Trask. He had
powerful of enemies

Gary couldn't ¢
ad

hat he would

f undead, wha

Chapter Four: The Damne


assumed went through their |

«1s he did, in a geay
zone, failing jon or to think for themselves

Ie i Racor's homicidal mania, combined with his
4 praraniia, chat has Ted him

Je believes that he és the onky

sse of miggalimania a
down his current p

ne who can sive the vainp
they do

nid until
nue Co point QuEEO them just
» have. Hisattacks ure ineunt to he
logically disturbing ra nderan his
tare © Final Death, When he bunt
lacing his vicrims, but tries to avoid murder

ist up, he will on
how little ec
payel
he enjoye mut)

Graffiti actoss the city taunts the Camanilla about
ot, Han anarch action takes place in Washington, he
takes the etedit, Iti» said that a night doesn't go by that
the Prince's minions do not discover # new message:
him, and
whoh
¢ always poppin,
nt Razor
al but a childe of the

Most Kindred who encounter Ruzor never
rent ntall suite thar he

claims to be. Razor impersenat

in the Baltimore-\ cu
might not even
Site: Rolf Tro
Natur

Deme: tel

Deviant

Generatioy
Embraces 1980
pparent Ag

Physical: Serenyth
Social Char
Mental: Pete
Talents: Acting 5,
Empathy 2
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3,
Survival 1

Dexcetity 5, Stamina 5
4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

on, Inteltigence 4, Wits 4

Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
detship 1

lertess4, Athletics 2

intimidation 4, Le etwise 3,

Melee 4, Security 3, St

Knowledges: Buren
Law 2, Linguistics 1, M
Discip

scracy 3, Computer 3, Invest
ine t, Occult 1
Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 5

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 5, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4,
Hurmanit

ontage 5

Willpower: LO
Ni hag aln

he has the
four Blow

nit no vkin Left on his body,

tion of healing it each sight (arn cost of

Image: Raswe's real

1m is horreridous, but no vampire

faiely av

ance, ually int aye-looking guy, about
irund brown eyes. He sometimes

acker, be

a black feath his wardrobe varies

tremendously. Wher: Rasor speaks tw people, he likes

do te feo bly with a microphone and

stance, prefe
hidden speakers.

Roleplaying Hint
make sure thar all

ites give careful consideration
their undeud existence, Noone should waste thelr ete:
nity like you wasted your own life. You take incredible
chances, but you always have w backup plan. You're not
brash or stupid, bue you de Tove life on the edge. You
always take the time to: study your prey, whether

they are a target for w firebomb or
Remember that image is everything
badass reputation to uphold,

Hayen: Mobile, Razor has havens alimost ev

Secrets: A

practical joke

Influence: The entire non-Sablat anarch move

Dr. Stephen Norton

Steve Norton was the type of person who blend
He dutifully went ro his j
1 he worked hard, he was never
ct thar allowed him to demonstrate hit

Inv w crowd, he was

© the backdrop of
remember. He was always part of the audience, never up
However, unlike ather people whe live quiet
unassuming oring
known for nothiny an having the best
his lab at NIH (the

of Health). $o, Dr. Norton spent his downtime hee
an internationally feared jewel thie

uny cool with his Life, ty be uble ty

towing
pli culture

sore sak fn th


miro: and see someone who wasn'ta geek. He imagined
that when he assumed the wealth and romance of the
Jevel chief persona he would have the last laugh on
everyone. He'd be uble to go wherever he wanted and
tuyanyching he desired,

Moit kids give up on their fantasies, bat not Steve
—he committed himself, He purswed his goal with such
single-minded devotion that he becaine alienated from
the social world. Steve Norton had no friends until he
reached college. His freshman year roomnate, Jeffrey
Granger, was a psych major who gor invited to all che
furties and generally jot along with everyune, even

cloped » strong friendshy
both, 1e was Jeff who taught
eating with peoph

Eventually Steve got his doctorate in biochemistey,
Jind pulled ofa few heists along the way. He sceured an
‘exreinely boring job at NIH. researching microongan
‘hms. The only bright spot of NIH was Dx. Susan Wiliam
‘fellow employee, who saw something more than the
iiet image Steve cultivated.

amazed the
inuicacies

In light of Steve's knowledge of electronics and
chemistry, his incredible ayility und his formulate re«
search abilities, no sccurity aystem wax wholly sate
Steve would drive to distane cities withour rel
ove, just to try a new vault or repository. All
were practice efforts for what he planned to be bis
iggest job: the thelt of the Hope Diamond from the
Sinithsonian Institute.

fut fore had other plans for Steve Norton. After he
broke into the residence of a wornun shay henutiful
winerald necklace had caught his eye, Steve's cur was
spotted bya policeman cruising the neighborhood. Twa
detectives came to fis home the next evening, ane of
whom was che Malkavian Jasper Creed, nerzed member
ofthe Bethesda police. Jasper demanded to know where
the jewels were hiklen, but Steve proved uncoopens:
tive. Luckily for him, Jasper had never learned the
Dominate Discipline. After Steve lied to him about the
location of his stash, Creed shor him twice ar close
range. Steve lost consciousnesstying ina pool of hivown
blood, hicrerly cursing fare. He was going eo dic, but be

When Creed fated to find the jewels, he
ton and Embraced him before intereogating hitn
eve gave Creed a new location, this time a few
miles away instead of inside his house: Jasper left Steve
toot in neat torpor in a hathroom, confident that the
fledgling wouldn't escape during the day. Steve Norton
proved him wrong. By the next evening Sceve had
pcaped, and the:nvat he tamuped co contact Prince
Vucel. Norwn's resourcefulness impressed Vitel, and
hile the Prince "dealt" with Jasper Creed, he made sure
that Steve was spared.

While Stove mightnot have been the world's greut-
‘eat jewel thief before his Embrace, he has impraved
since. Steve Norton resigned from his job at NIH and
Joined up with Art Mongan's cotetie, He also grabbed a
cat named Spots fram Melissa to be his sidekick

Steve spends his nights driving through the ety in
a motorcycle with Spots, loot and. possibly, another
vampire in a sidecat. 1¥ Marcus Vitel regrets anything
about his reign, it & sparing Stephen Norton. Si
Steve's Embrace, Vitel has rarely glimpsed the thief, but
the Prince knows that the Malkavian has shared blocs
with his "daughter" Monica. He worries about what else
this crazed Malkavinn has discovered.

The Prince also know

ness — the mortal St

lecail his Malkavian's quest for knowledy
be a threat to the woman.
Sire: Jasper Creed
Nature: Perfectionist
Demeanor: ThrillSeeker
Generation: 11th
Embraces 1964
Apparent Aget 55
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Seamina 4
Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearatice 3
Mental Peteention 5, Intellisence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Desge |
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Deive 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms 5,
Melee 2, Repair 2, Security 5, Stealth $
Knowledgest Burcawerncy 2
Medicine 3, Oceult 2, Seience 4
Disciplines: Animualiam |, Auspex 2, Celerty 1, Obfwseate +
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Conicts 2, Mentor 4, Retainer 1,
Resources
Virtuess Conscience 5, Sel Control 4, Courage 5
Humanitys ?
Willpower: 8
Notes: Steve suffers from delusions. He sees his life as
part of series of novels about a great jewel thief. Every
thing has some sort of melodesmatic symbolisua wo Steve,
See thar ham nn the an FRI apone
planning to enprure Seeve — at least that's how Dr
Norton sces things: The woman who accidentally meets
hiseyes is his fence, or a romantic fling feom years past
Amage: Steve is a nondescript fellow who prefers black
clothing with spandex bodysuits beneath. He's about
5°10" with brown hairand brown eyes that scan carefully
any room he enters.

reve Norton has a

anything ean
then it may

tater 4, Irvusthgation 2

root cornet? Hy

Roleplaying Hints: Anal rtentive
begin codescribe you. Youplaneyerything out in prec
|, leaving nothing ta chance. Y«

pd obsessive desi

Chapter Four: The Damned


co the Abyss
n. You've seen a ghostly
find her

nce. You want to see Vitel fall screaming i
for what he's put Monica throu

Marissa on your tides ou wan
Haven: A mansion on the Vi
ted on a bluff overlooking D.C

angtel may often be f

nia side of the Poromnac,
Members of Clan
at hix haven,

pected by the Malkavinns
jeratu and Gangre}. In additional, he still has some
tes to the NIH and other health organitations

Dr. Jeffrey Granger

na young Jeffrey Granget artended American

mate was Stephen Nostut, Unlike
mates, they developed it lasting friend
p_and stayed cogether all four years, While Steve

wenton togethis doctorate in biochemistry, Jeff

ranger devoted himself to psychtatey
the Bechesda Inst:

he received seeu
ber of special cases, includime
vcrars and politicians. The
quite a few payehiatric

After graduation he gota jo

f Mental Health, wher

i Washington produce:

alent for healing minds eame to the attention
pending his diys healing th

teaking the iran-willed

id Granger with pretty speeches
table and his nights
Grange logical warfare, and he advised them
luring the Vietnam War.

The Mf roommate Seeve Norton called, bake
ing oa ubout needing to tale 10 him. Sick of h
for the government and hoping that he mig
help a friend, Jeff arranged to meet with hitn, He
all his work with the ga vent had
me vampire, Hi t
and when Steve realize

cated
re how to hand
that Jeff posed a threat to the
Masquerade, he frenzied and wound up Embracing his
ld friend.

Joshua Lyons
Bethesda lustituce of Mental Health
10.4 ghoul several years ayo, and he uses Dominat
Jatk about hls current condit

ay in touch. Dr. Granger transformed

Lyons ind
AH lives at
treating patie

Institute and spends most of his night

s. Hee has amassed a number of ghouls iry

the asylum and plays the political yumes of the Washing.

ke up the

Jetfisuluo strangely empathic, and often
wements and idiosyne af chase
A few Kindred have discovered theirown Derangemmente
ing with Dr. Granyer anil watching his teint

This derangement of his has earned hint

several enemies, as he émicates th
meets; In the world of Wa
mitation 1s not seee as flattery

Sire: Scephen Norte
Mawchist

Demeanor: Careuiver

Natur.

Generations 12¢
Embrace

Apparent A

Physical Dexweilyy 2
Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 4,

yemance 2
Menualt Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Empathy
Leadership 3, Subterfnge
Skills: Animal Ken |
Stealth |

Drive 2, Briquerto 2

Knowledges: Bureau Finance I. Lawl
Medicine 4, Politi
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 5, Obfuscate 3

Backgrounds: Co

Computer
1, Science 4

vets |, Fane Influence

Virtues: Conscienc
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 5

4, Self-Control 5, Courage 3


mage: De. Granger has sandy brown hair and dark
frown eyes. He wears glasses and has.a beard and muse
liche with red highlights, He usually dresses his 5°7?
frame inv rather ondinary suit

Roleplaying Hints: You are a curing person, bat you
now that you are fated to suffer. Psychotherapy iva
‘atharsis for you. You overanalyze yourself and work
‘Migencly for your patients. However, you've learned
tht chere is a supernatural side to the world. You've
Ihoken minds and pieced them back together, but now
{ou wonder, how many sane poople are believed insane
because they kriow the truth about vampires and

/
a

©

werewolves and the like! How many healthy minds did
you break in your regular duties! Also, how can a pays
chiateise maintain his humanity and do the type of work
that you do for the government? Guilt ts your constant
companion,

Haven: The Bethesda Instituce of Mental Health
Secrets: C

Influence: Dr. Granger controls his asylum, and he how
several government contacts, However, in cccent
months, Men in Black have started investigating events
concerning the institute

Chapter Four: The Damned


NOSFERATU

The Nosferans lurk about beneath the feet of the
powerful people, the meversand the shakets, lhe Washing
ton insiders, Rats clamber through the vast Labyrinth of
sewer, old homb shelters, andl metry and ancient subway
stems: For them the old trickte-dowr) theory really wotks

all the shit eventually reaches the hortom. And in this
bureaucratic nightmare af pi
Jot of shit

The Nosferatu get everyone's secrets and all the ditty
suradry. Watt to know what happened in lnam-Contta? Ask
the Nosferatu. Need to know who's really responsible for
Ask the Nosferatu. They coniuel the mets
date. Theysearch chrough the trash, They krwow the dark
sectet iinulerbelly nf D.C: They know which Bone Grawers
hadabie vod todrink. They can tellyou
the | € e and the lutest area of
Sahat infiltrarion. Of course, everything has a price iar
requites a favor. Knowledge isn't free

pouiseity, there's w helluva

Whitewarer

(Ofall the elans, the Nosferatu have the strongest eri

hut threatens the city. They stick together,
even if they yet ar each nther's nerves. Thele main peoblem
tsa back of leadership.

Nathan (Arlen)

on the un his entire unlife: He fled
we ta the New World to escape
European vitmpitic politics and immediacely found himelf
hye aerosthe continent by the Sabbat. He fually found
refuge in D.C, which wasac tat tine too small tote

Heremembersthetine
formed. He lived in the basement of a farahouse and later
was torn down, spent mout of his time under the
Tiber: Afterwards, he moved tothe C&O Canal, and he still
haunts char ine today. He wns quiet when che Bryjah

ce took aver during the war, and he wiper

took ower. He watched and
listened, knowing that this way th
athan doesn't want tad

th problems. He jst wa

to shut out the world and vale the tunnels benewth the
cts. He hides and he listens

Nanhai haslenened that Mazeus Vitel was onc Sabb

He knows that Vite's got Sabbat allies. He even saspecte

listens. He ices nie want Peter Doefiwas to be prince, but

involving himself in the

sinus will work themselves wut. The

has an even sronger aversion t

Nosfersty have all eremity. He'll waig; ewen though his
younger brethren vit to rise up. Fanning the Aames of
tinarchy only leads to Final Death, Nathan knows: After
‘everything blows up, he'll pill ke around,

Sire: Francis bi

Nature: Polemen

Demeanos
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1677

Apparent Age: Invieretminabe
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Soni

Autist

erception 3, Intelligerice 3, Wits 4

Acting, Alertness, Brawl 3, Dodge

its 2, Leadership 3, Sereerwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Animal Ken 4, Melee 2, Music 1, Repwir L, Stealth,

Survival 4
Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lingle
ties 3, Medicine 2, Geeult 4, Politics 3
Disciplines: Aniinalism 5, Auspes 4, Domitiate 1, Obfus
cate 5, Potence 3, Proce

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Comtets 2, Herd 5, Influe
Sea 3

Virtues: Conscience 5, SelCante
Humanity: 6
Willpower 7

5, Comtange 3

D.C. by Night


Image: An old, pale Noxte
hanging from hishead. Nathan's
blue pupils, bur they hokd a

ay hair
miley white with
oth. He

i heavily. Nathan
rigs Rate clamber

ith mere wisps of

never dresses in any
around In his clothing.

Roleplaying Hints: Si
spoken to. Ye

reat peuple, but de
estions tersely ally
There js more to the world than most Kindred imagine

otspeak unless

same beyond yames, You refuse to play until youcan see the

hae,

Haven: Nathan spendsis days huddled inthe tunnelsneae

the C&O Ganal, surrounded by mit servants

Secrets: A.

Influencer Nathan: bs
city because most Kindred fene the

wsfedige. Within his own clan, the yo

clans, however, kelieve him to be some sortof mnater
of the vewers, for ty neunates:and few eke
him, Additionally, he buaspornered same inflienee with the

Amos

Somebodi's got to help the street people ar
them frm sickos:like Couriet: (see below),

protect
Ans
a!" Amos. Heck, half the city trusts him. Even Plince
Princeyewarmabe Helena listens 10 hin
Princess-shouk-be Heer,

Amos lives.on the street. He testy people by askin,
them for money. Sometimes he'l give nice people present

| gives bir
looking

n'tunderstand the ste
teach th
Jessans. Amos keeps several ghouls amon,

anugton,

‘Amos knows that most peaple d

buthe thinks thar scmeone has vel ome few
ie heieless i
just oo watch gut far the street dwellers,
Amos likes the metro system, and he spend a lor af
e part ofthe District tothe other
on the

1 Eratn going OUE of

‘ime taking tmins from,
He watches the action and listens to canversit
metro. Whun people refuse to get

service, he takes the opportunity te feed. Amos
ghouls in che metro, und Nathan

the Prince and his Retainers on

doesn't understand why N
pethaps bec

marr enough to listen to Nathan and not make the Prince
angry with him.

Nathan

nice nthe Prince, except

he gets to see Princess Cynthia, but he's

Demeanor: Categiver
9th

Embrace: (929
Apparent Age: 38
rehgth 3, Dexterity 3, 7
ana }, Manipalarion 3, Appearance 0
tion 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Talents: Actinu2. Alertness, Athletics |. Beaw!§. Daulge 1
athy 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership 1, Steverve
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal

uistics 1, Medicine 1, ¢
Dinciplines: Animals

3, Fortieud
Backgrounds: Alles 5, Contacts 2, Retaine
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: Amo
bly, aad he

of ehumcoal. Ame
He chews c

rinks of the city streets. Blisters cover hi
ly got one good eye. His skin és the color
always wears scrans of discarded cls
hiafingers. When he uses Obfuscate no char
his appearance bi ack man wi
fe: His voice ig harsh and mop
Roleplayin
pout than Kindred: hu
stories about people. ¥
very day. You just

You have more imporane things e
beings
sve somethin

You like to talk
went
the rich wanld be ro
nenerous and give more to the poe
aven: Mobile

Secretst B

Chapter Four: The Damned


Influence: Ames could almost command an uprising of the
nity. He comtnals the metro systerm in the
ty, although Geo

homeless comin
ge Lawrence has
he trains, and the Ventrue
hous among Metro employees as well

George Lawrence

‘Axonetiine, George had the worstjob ofall. He was an
English teacher in Somheast DA

ared. Hated by his students,

ne of the few who
unpecition with drugs;
homes. and childhewsd

drorumaut produc
ws kicks hand
received hare mail,
hell, most people knew he ws

society and tosee that at least

ance to get out, Surehe got shot

Thad bis car trashed, by
laying. George found that a» long as he hal ehree ot four
frinks duting the sehool day, it was ul rig

George's drinking deseroyed bis marriage, ttined his
and nearly wrecked hi . Drink
ea ele

pump fica ups to make fu
Ac least, it kept hi
Finully fear gain

finances teaching ean

ane his life He pol to cal his nerves,
selling oF using drugs
«help and kicked his habit

okingup. Hehecamea program vokunter

and worked to help others with addiction problems, Hisex:

announcement from oncof his former ster

Lifestarn
fe get that flese graduation
sehr made i
through Howard University. Once again, life was worth
while. George went out und partied for the fir
be the mistake: of avin onveebrink

and then another. After he lost track

then anoeher
¢ time, be stumbled into ametro station and collaped ina

trapped inside. And he wasn't alone. He hasn't seen the

Nature: Architec
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1969
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3. Ma 2, Appearance 0

1 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Athletics 1, Beawl2, Dox?

Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3,

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Fice

Survival |

as 1, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Knowledges Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Lingy
Politics 3, Science 3
Disciplines: Aniulis
Backgrounds: Allies 5

Status 3

2, Asspex?, Obfuseate3, Potence!
Herd 4, lnfluenee 2, Ret
Virrues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

body with a direy beige trench coat and bis
Wodhinigeon Ballets ap, He has narrow eyes ins

ywees hie
ad with @

blisters. He's bent 62" and at ce pout is ile wis faith
athleri. He li

your
Roleplaying Hints: You'tea well-educated guy whoswitsher

tose hiZObhueate to make hime loole
Poitier
between st ne and kinyg words, You chain
coutlauously whieh helps heey: your heatless lat
winter nights You stressakour all kinds of things, bur oue
quick to make friends, especial
You clon't cine se much ubour the Sabb
lems, but you

with younger
amarifla probs
and wrong. You wish
Nathan would let you do something about the fucking
Setites. You have aspecial ally within the Bone Gnawers.a
Garou called Blood Licker.

Fiaven! D.C. 5

Secrets: B+
Influences Geonge wll po
Nosferatu and be has made 4 special point of
influence within the Metro transit system.

Glenn Courier

You know, there'snothing lke the feel ofa chainsaw as
tothe eft partofthe bone, The waythe

system,

ably be the next leader of Clan

hard noise changes just slightly to a softer squishy sound.
Abb, music to the ears, Yex, Cour
of the best. Noone got el

+ was a serial killet, atud
se tocatching him. Ir wasn',


really is fut lif was just boing. Hie, was
wroeld, cleaning

clpiny
up the gene pool. Survival of the Fittest,

Fight overpopulation. He didn'e

Th Jecisied to take a trip
toywatch government in action. Mi
FBI headquarters. Who w
hha would happen if you didn't get of the train when you
Well, beenrnir
what a sick punpy b
fngended. Nonethele
talents, Very few vampiric problemscauldn't be resolvad
with che gentle application of a nice chainsaw.

rations capital

yld've thought that semethinu

dw use for Courier'

Sire: Googe [Lawrence
Nature: Jester
Demeanor: Deviant
Generation: 11th
Biobrace: 1988
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
3, Manipulation 2. Appearunce 0
elligence 2, W
ting2, Alerrness 3, Ath
Streetwise 3, Subterfage 1
Skills: Av 2 1. Fhieacas 4
2, Security 1, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Invesriga

Disciplines: Aninuilisn 1, Fortiunle 1. Obfweate 1, Po
tee

3, Brawl 2, Doelge
Molee 4, Repair
on 3, Law 3, Medicine 2, Oceu

Allies 2, Mentor 3, Status 2
ntvol 4, (

Backgrounds

Virtues: Conscience 2, Sell-C

atl His skin ranges from 9
black to sickly pale ots. He has several patches
thar look like bleeding hurn sears Courter likes to xile und
show off histones. He weats any cloths that bi
Roleplaying Hints: You like 1a play with people and scare
them. You're not really into massacres much anymore, but

insaw's great for black humor. You feed by pulling
or under people's fee

istenine deep

Influence: (
care of him. Other

Toby

This internationally famous aniarch really plays Tittle
role in the city's politics. Rollowiryy the
D.C anarchs, preferring to help the Movement on the
national leve

n is George's progeny, and his sire take

dinpures are beyinniy to feat him.

old adlage about
he has had no involvement with

Few creates, whether martal or immortal, have a
etter understanding of computers and
He fallosys Le

yputee systems
in's efforts with amuse

keep the Malkav

pt, und has gate to
seat p
him,

finding out abe

Theonly ityhe hasany regulardealings
with ie Nathar belioves to heextremely power
Nathan offen has Toby un computer errands for him
which the neonate hacker is

aly too glad te
For monet

Cookbook.

Since Ovivald

Naturet Priise-Secker

lon on Toby, pleaie see

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1988

Apparent Age: 20

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Sami

Secale Charfema't, Manipulation. 2; Appa

Mental: Perception 5; Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 1, Repair 4, Security 5, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 5, Finance 2, inee
tigation 5, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Politics 3, Scien
Disciplines: Obfuscate 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentoe 3, Resources 2,
Virtues: Conse

Seats t

Chapter Four: The Damned


Humanity: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: To say that Toby is chubby isn understatement
far hangs off him like multiple balloons growing from his
flesh, Hecannot wear ashirtand will not getone tailored for
feat of scruully letting someone measure him. His face is a

wasteland ofiucne seats andhis pimples oote continually. He

wipes his face with old nigs, which he then throws into the
sewers, as he ts unable to clean them.
Roleplaying Hints: In body ye

ur mind ts sharp

problems and so

snpress ever Nath:
Haven: Au abandoned warehouse neat the Potoma
Secrets: B.
wen broken into the Arcanum


The clan T.
east, that's their story, Fre
to design this young capit

id. Vision:

ountry that would

mnlen

‘oreador elle J of cresting

aneot wear a nude! for the future
wey could solidify their claims

to theit pl

But before pd eliminate

the French Revolution caught

Veanrue 1 9 ta the eapital of the Unit
The Toreador saw fir let the Ves
omtro} Washington, while

staked €
rue pretend to
took over the important
ities in the new country: the state capitals, Before th
Toreador knew whut baad huyppened, the Civil War beg
‘inthe wrong side. When te dust set
d Washington, D.C. and the power of th
woken.

Duringrhe reign of Prince Marissa, the Toreadormade
attempts to reclaim the city. Each time, he Ventruc
abtheimin the back and try torakeadvaneage ofthe
inajor Toreador opposition. By the time the Toreador had
recovered they were unable todo much excep glare in fury
they desiced, His subsequent purge of their leadership,
combined with devastaing

we elders in
Toreador named Chia
followers

rope have chewen to ignore
fy the hands of « young

Voyager and his small group of

Chas Voyager

Chas Voyager always knew he was destined for great
ar for musicand
instrument, and these

‘his mute, He

rrould drown init, infusing each chord with emorion.

ness: He was gifted witha perfect voice,

ame to th
woe for

Anne worked
ning him into a ghoul and

Dominating him, then Embe to terve as her
roccessor when a rumored power vacuum in Baltimore
appeared to he an opportunity. Chas missed his family, bat

Anne taught him how to release his artistic vision, and for

‘Chae, the poignant poi scaity of elegans

dream come true. He would hive been bay

longer ignore the rest of the World of Darkness. He

adeephatred ofthe Sabbacund he

minions tobe che worst type of

political

someone less competent
Anne Hyar:

Nature: Architect

puostnikeagalemt te
eaken, Dorfin
nntifex. Once that happen
Gangrel and new Tremere in

Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1952
Apparent Ay
Physieale Serungels 2, Destority 3, Stasmina 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wies 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness?

Inimatation 3,

Skills: Drive {, Eriquette 4, Firearm
Repwir 1, Stealth 1

adership Z

Chapter Four: The Datnn


"ompurter 1, Finance t, Investigation 1, Lin-
atics 1, Oceule 4, Polithes 4

Disciplinest Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Influesice 1, Mentor 5
Resources 4, Rettiners 4, Status 4

Self-Coneral 4, Courage 4

Virtues: Conscience

had always seen visions of a beautiful woman,
hhis muse, wher he was truly inspited. This muse taught him
how to weave the music that touched the heats of hi
ane passes, Chas has begun tosuspect that he
e Orveau, a French,
ns to Arcadia ind the Fey. He isn't
player bir, but if it'e vo destroy

1, then Chas doesn't mind

audience.

Anangelic-looking young man with

oss his shoulder,

ond hair
has ridiates an aura of
it contrasts with his prctty-boy appear
Roleplaying Hints: Speak wltly, ani only when you know
whatyouraresaying-Playon the idea that other Toreader are

ny but yuntte if Draw oat others
try roearn their trust. Only then will you know if they can

cone of th

Havens Chas maintains nn apa
and & townhouse near DuPont Cxree:

in Adamns-Morgan

Secrets: B.

Influence: Despite hix neonate status, Chas is the most
prominent Toreador in the city. Politically he has ignored
the nanonal government and concentrated on building a

ver of low-lewel contacts ib the city bureaucricy. Ch
etous contacts throughout the urstie commu

nities in Washington, D.C

Angelique Stravinsky

Born in Russia before the Revolution
for the ballet.

ngelique lived

hopes of inspiring her to dance, and of
ish with the Tsurist society, where French was the
iguage of court, Angelique wasfond of saying that beyond

re was nothing. She performed at the
then the Bolsho.

Kirov and

During the Russian Revolution, she lost everything
ge wos destroyed, her family died fighting
aeainst the Reds and she finally lost her life. A Russian
inl her during the fighting between the Red
Armies, and he decided that she deserved
ey fled 10 Washington; DC:

vediately accepted her
‘hich

ought several purges. When

4 White

presents! hersal Tenner
Prince, always looking for allies, i
Angelique developed a ford

helped co keep her alive

Prinice Vitel took
speak in favor of his
were in love,

jer thvciny, she wie the fist Toreador
1. She believes that he and Marista
lespite all evidence to the ca
led her wire, She went ints
nn exptriate's poetry
eminds her of the hated

Then a Sabluie puck
hiding, only resurfacing when she met th
‘Van Dorn (helow), The South A
softens her heurt, though he ofter
communists with his theforic. Sheand Pierer are lovers and
she wants to take him for « hushand. Path clans appe
the relationship, though both Chas V
Dorfman wateh thems caredully. She still enjoys flirting with
‘mortals and other vampites

Angelique sone of the most influential harpies in the
ashe often spends her evenings in Elysium. The only

we that pRevent fading clan Toreador lit
‘Woshington are hor ti ere and the vears she

spent in hiding

Demeanor:

Generatic

Embrace: 1919

Apparent A\

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stanin

Social: Charis prearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wins 3

4, Manipulation 3,

Talents: Acting.4, Aleriness2, Arhletics5, Brawl 2, Dea

Empathy 4, Subterfuge +

Skills: Drive 1, Briquerte 4, Melee 2, Music 4,
utvival 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Pinay

Linguistics 3, Medicine 1,0

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celenty 5, Domini


Backgrounds: Allie
Vierwess(

msctence 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 5
linage: Angelique has long golden hair thar cascades down
Her eyes an
for

‘kin bis sion rather th
iindeanh, Ske walks with the grace
dons

Roleplaying Hints: You like wo senile und gam:
slot without sivine much. You want to 1
juand. You love Pieter with all of your
Cynthia Black

and believe in
op your
but his polirics
doughre:
and consider hera rival for the vampire wha
ternal passion:
Havent An apammenc near the Kennedy Center and an
partment on Connecticut Avene neat Rock Creek Park
Secrerst B
Influence: Ange t weightofany
Toreador in the city, and she's almost accepted as an equal
hy the Veritue and Tremere of D.C

Rachel Evans

younger Kindred in the city,
Rachel had u promising career in music. She was a child

r'avoice eariesthe m

of instrusnents and the voice of a
Il down the
when she
nily disowned her, and

Hf uhe city. Richie!
hangec-on at bars and a part-time singer for n
hunch of death metal hands, Finally, she came to the
tention of Chas Voyager one night asshe was about to
five ical! up with a mix of about 5€ of her favorite pill

nightingale. Thea, she flushed it nilet, er

Injected it into her veins ine involved

with D.C" drug culture. F

For Rachel, Embmce was salvation. Chas took herin
life. He helped hier to
oy bier like an artist

mined to never look back on her

sna gave her back her spitit and by
remember why she loved music, trea

tnd a friend: She was:

former life of misery und depression.

ed some of hee old
vet, Daviil Wells, who was
tote than happy 10 lee her teed from hin, What she
didn't know was that the Setites had given David an
experimental, highly addictive mix of ypecial drugs, She
in his bi
forgotten cravings rerummed. Though she tried to sate
m DCs
contacted her

she desires,
i eonttol Rachel forever. Or at least for as

However, Rachel recently vi
haunts, and found an ex

these cravings, none of the designer drugs
itreets will satisfy het. The Setites hav
through al a
they hope

they give her why

(One reason why the Serite seek hee
rumor that the harpies whisper in the balls of Elys

Rachel Evans sec
a teae to the fae

mnplishel the unpovsihle —
# Marcus Vitel with cine of he ianp
Siro: Ch

Naturet Visi

Demeanoe: Gallant
Generation: | 1th,
Embrace: 19

Apparent Age: 22
Phystoal: Steenyth 2, Dex , Stamina
Socials Charisma 5, Manipularion 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wite 2

Tilents: Alertnest 1, Athletics 2, Bent 1, Dod
Empathy 4, intimidation 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge |
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive
Stealth |

Eriquette 3, Firearms

Muric 5, Repair 2
owledges: Computer |, Investigation

tics2, Medicine 1, Occult |

1, Celerity 1, Preserice

ner 1, Status 3, Rewiirce

Zonscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Disciplines: A\
Backgrounds: Ret
Virtues:
Humanity: §
Willpower: 5

Image: Rachel

build. She'sabout 56 ur,
aleather juck

to put on a fashionable dee

Tshirt and
‘When she's visiting Elysium, she takes time
J life asa morral, bur
ain, You don't
kknow abour the Setites plan to use you. You like hi

Roleplaying Hints: You miss your w

you abo fear becoming a shave to drug


the Prince, but hoth ye

ell Bloc Bound you and make you into one of
aughters, You are very eaut
imast to the point

us when meeting neonates,
f paranoia, but you try tobe frienaly wt
Haven: Like most D.C
ferent havens
partment near 1

‘deed, Rachel maintiia a few
Tikes to spend her

tit, elise to, Chas

eron MacArthur

special safe haven in northeast hy th

Boulevard.
Secrets: (
Influence: Rachel has several friends in metal bands around
Washington. She alo has a number of allies among the

Wayland Smith (Rene Adier)
lls, would-be Mafiosos,
ckly learned some of Raph's

Downs. En
family
cl by his wari

inated him

anworted ne'er-de
set rabble {was Raphael
highly: talented
inseparable, and Rene
trick

18 tonk him teva local
cian, Rene
some experienice himself with ste

was 16, his pa
way entranced, al:
hough havin
sce through several o
Adlets w
talking t

the trick:
and Rene
the magician, Locke Grant.
In the course of the conversation, Grant offered to take
Rene ant. Reno's parents ngreed, with the
After graduation,

vali mpeowed
Rene went to work for Grant full time

Eventually, Rene began an act ofhisown, with Raphael

its, Rene quickly guined populasisy on the local clu
me night, after astellar

dd by a trio of mu

were going well, unt
ne par was confron a
the ateah laheation, the

unwelcome intrusion upocs a night of

combination ofall thtee, som
Rene wsnap, He urtacked, erat

ation, jure
ingcaused
a gan from the nearest
‘mugger nd firing repeatedly at the thtee men. After the
dust had settled, Ralph and Rene had three dead muggers
their hands. The two fled in a panic, and Rene Adler, now
known as Wayland Stnith, quite suddenly left New York on
stented ter
Wayland Smith eventually settle
anid established himself on the

in Washington
weal club scene. He even
avestor to help him open his own

try his luck with « myster

Wayland dee

beauty 4 se for her,

a promising start. Unforty

clit ter chat (ar

ond the lady,
smaitch for

lique. He conjured ar
and the even
nately, as the «
anarch accosted them. Wayland tried tode
Unfortunately, f

feed), an

an opponent with Potence
The anarch beoke Wayland's neck before could
Angelique we Dominate to drive the attacker off. She
couldn't bear t Igt her gallant defender die, so she E
braced the stage musician, then removed the memory
nightfrom his mind. Actingas thou
see fellow Toreador in dsteess, Ay
Prince, A number of Kindeed
thar Angelique is his sire,
this violation of the T
and Pieter stay lone, eh

1 were surprised to
que took hie ta the

yg Wayland, suspect
at the Prince

tions Undoubtedly, i
ince may deekd

chooses t9 ignore
Angelique
oy use his
Many Toreador elders from outside the city opealy
disdain the Toreador stage: mayickan, despite the face thu
Wayland conducts himself with style and flair at ch
meetings. Ruphuel, now a ghout, remains Wayland' con:
stant conpint

2 and bodyguard

secret which he hides from
Afterhe mundere
gods WY

caltared stage magician wich che English

Wayland hs a persnal
evervone — his split personality
muggers. two distinct personalities em
the suave

and Rene, the rough, murderous kie! from che
New York. Rene only emerges when Wayland

bur he stays in conto] fora wh

ridesa tre after the
frenzy ends. When Angelique used her Domine, she
erased Wayland's memory, but Rene knows exactly wh

his site is


ne Stravinsky

Nature: Survivor

Demeanors Hon Vivant

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1991

Apparent Ayes 29

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Seamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mentalt Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talento: Actiny:3, Alera 2, Attietics 1, Brae 5, ox 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3

Skills Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Music 1,
Repair, Security 5. Stealth 3

Knowledgest Bureaucracy 1, Computer l, Finance, Inves
tigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Occult 2,
Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacty 2, Influence 1, Fame 1,
Herd 2, Resources 3, Retainers 1, Status |

Virtues: Conscience 4, Selé Control 3, Courage $

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Images Warland has hlack hie which falls to his shoulers
anid neal black eyes: Notoriously well-yroomed, he alays
dressesin the latest fashions. He's tall fellow, around 6°3",
ad in gent physical shape.

Roleplaying Hints: Youspesk with uatight English accv0t,
ulthough mostly just for show. You know about Rene, and
‘you hope the world never discovers your secret. You are
beginning, 10 desire power and protection in this world of
vampires, hur you're not quite sure wherw to hey. Part of
you longs to aid Razor and the anarchs — but you don't
know if that's Wayland or Rene.

Haven: The Black Magic Club in Georgetown
Bana

Influences Wayland has more than a few connections with
club owners in Georgetown, He also has yore ie with the
city bureaueraey, mainly from paying off health and salery
department workers, as well as giving prominent ety off-
clals VIP treatment at the club.

Chapter Four: The Damned


TREMFRE

For ment of Washington 1
dominated events. Prince Matis
J Beujah

shiseory, Clan Tremere
wuunaneuvered
Vente, Tateadar pallengers to het power
Although
herabilire

lders of the clan respected
Meerlinda never fail ro remind Peter Dorfman,
Washington Chantry and Pontifex of the
he becomes Prince of Wass

wrtant as Maris wa

‘eto taunt himn, though. Peter Doefman will
mere are divided. Although they appear

asiders kawow

lotring war again

nning his own Cha

their own plans w replace

© unified front, must
Yorfnan spends more tin
em Pontifex, Powell,
the members of th
finan, Even if the Tremere Chantry had the power
throw the Prince (ars it m nin the ranks

kd probably doom

Pontifex Peter Doriman

atcempe

‘eter Dorlman, Tremere

J States' politics, would be
The ability of Marcus Vieel to rerain
¥ gnaws ae Dortman. He believes in contra

vlisputed Prince
robot hi

Ae believes th
Dorfman has one
entire Tremere clan,
tics in the United States and Canada. The unceopeen:

we of Powell, Western United

nd Dofinan's ¢ power in his home

and be hashecome
a force ethers to his

political minds én the

and formerly was in charge of ull

inability to se
rminished his ya

xed with gainin,

Dorf al asvers in Washington, including

o35 to world's best libraries on the ce

cand
‘The Tremece in his Chantry are aunonge the finest members
the clan, hand picked! b

stillother force

Doetman for their political
anayetodeter hin on every

The Technoctacy, u group of powerful mages, guards
rypinization called the New World
n't pase without one of their agen

mien withan
marth
Xorfirun manage to hve several of them killed a few years

back with an attack on the CIA headquarters in Langley

their Che
od its sn
pulate national ps

Virginia. Deypie his efforts  sluuc dow

the New Worl
hampering his efiorts wo mar

Onder continues to sp

|. agence is try conte
nt that will expand its wold

Dodfiman's. primary polit

ony United States govern
¥

10 business. He hopes event

influence and make inroad
tually iodi
Much to the Po
agenda and efter callsto complitnent the Pontifex

ate worldevenesfrom the Washington Chas
ifex's permit annoyance, the Pr
sharesh
on his e
Pecer Dorfman « erous tnaggical teas wt all
times; andl protect him from A
Presence and other forces. He is nevet without retaine
vwumlly ghouls who worked for the Secret Service. Th
Pontifex alsa
Nearly a third of the polit
acingg in Washirytion, D.C or indivectly
belong to Peter Dorfman. The majority of fundsthey collect
2 co him. The rest eupport candidates in offi

allowing
cither through these PACs, throug

Despi with Prince Vi
fines the chal hile political foe rete

D.C. by Night


wuld not support a Juaticar becoming involved in D.C
asi, unless it was the delusional Ant Morgan. Whatever
We outcome af the power struggles in Washington, D.C.

aivintendsto have them settled by forces within

Demeanor: Manipulace
Generation: 71h
Embrace: 17
Apparent Age: 38

erctyth 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Physical:
Social: Chacisin
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence

Appearance 4
Wis
MB
5, Sulerfnge
5, Melee 4, Music 3,

4, Manipulation ¢

puter 3, Finance, Inve
5, Medicine 2, Occult 4,

6, Science |

Disciplines: Aispe

Thuxamatungy 5 (Lure of Flames §, Movement of the Mind 4
Weather Control 4, Spirit 5)

Backgrounds: Allis 6, Contacts 6, Influence 6, Fame 1
Vistuest Conscience 5, SelfContenl 5; Cont

Humanity:

rivalry with Powell comes from

9 large number of Allies from within the
 Dorfinan dresses immaculately. Most of his

f Tel
cll ann

wialty item), He'
674" anal with v decor bud F
thinning shore blond hair,
rick, enchar

je alway
of wards

ked with
with a variety

eplaying Hints: Youre
Never: lise: the whether strategic

sca Every pam

tactical or
need for
aril few peers beyond
Above all else,

se] and

ake chan

i uncilar Meet

Havent He has several havens throughout the city, The

Influences Peter Doiiman'
There are few Kindred with greater
events. Hi

when he m
strongest allies

influence spans contine
et toatect
demonstrated the extent of hi

to remove @ number of the mage

Regent Helena Taylor

Tremere,

being part of CL {elena is one of
nity inn Woshington, D.C. A leader of the city's haryies,
> Elysium forthe Prince

Helena rakes care of lange section
Shealso manages affairs of the(
1llmaintains police won
ress with dark ha

nantry for the Pontifex, and
heN Abewitching

and emerald eyes, alt

enchas every
ane ith
Norton of the Malkavian

Helena advocates stron ties tohurnanity

nd manyof

mntifex. A few

Don's views on politics und because

affected het considerab
i
yerade in Washington.
he NSA, and she boldaa posit
Company as «| prominent le

vist. Her favorite prey
senators und con

Helena base

f Herm

Trevor Barton, has

a member of a sect of the Order Nowy ane

f her cabal, her ap
come to W
Trevor

chington,
nside Washington,
gh do to hin if they discovered
uncertain of how she teelsabout Trevor, and the thought of

im her. She knows that
ass wh.

Jim worties her

Chapter Four: The Dane


Sires Jack Weston
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Plotter
Generation: 91h
Embrace: 1938
Apparen!
Physical: Serength 2, Loxterity 3, Stamina
: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Actine4, Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Bousd 2, Dackge 3
5, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Subeerfuge 4
rive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee I, Music
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Cs
5, Ling

1€5, Presence |, Protean 4,
1 of the Mind 5, Lure of

mes 4, Weather Control 3, Coajuring 1)

Backgrounds Allies 3, Contacts5, Influence 4, Recauces§,

Retinen 5

Virtues: Consciene

Hamanity: S

Willpower: 5

5; Sell-Control 5, Civitnge

Image: He
hair and deen ercen eves. She's 5

na isan iwory-skinned beaury with thick black
and lovesta wear long
heels. She deives a hack Jaguar and has
Roleplaying Hi

feathiets ard

ul strive to
vill suff your
url ys, your will pretend

that i dovsn' Your way onit of stuue
Havent Hote

Northeast D.C

Influence: Helena di
through Retainers and progeny, sh

4 many of Getlin's affairs and
has considerable infly
ence in many poli anizations, including those
NSA. Her
# inthuence isthe Liheury of Congress. Adu

wwolved in the dangerous game of watching th
main sphere

Cotta Rose

(Or account of bis natural talent for capturing atten

tion, sete Kindred have said that Cohes Rose would be a

imoge
rand debonair, Cohn Rae

member of the f worea Toreador. Suave
mublic relations aan of
alwayscomes offas he's interrupting

tnake time to talk to ah

ifonly

the bes
2 busy schedule just 0
happens tc

he meeting with. No matter whut proble

arise, Cohn's attitude is nonchalant, In many respects, it

seetns like the world ia stage far
the pate of lending man.

Ronse plays the piano like a v and fhe has. fine
appreciation forart. Hespends nearly every night in Elysium,
with such norablesasGle
land Monica Black has

Word enneirveallyflieseheenig

thn Rowe, and be landed

will send Colin 16 tal

establish him as regent

ll city 9
Jhanitry. Sone sry Cohn' lang
at Vani Den.

iver as prince

standingrivaley with P kept hit
fhe may be theemly

Pete's relationship with Angeliqu

Seravinaky fall

Sire: Helena Tayloe

Nature: Peal

Apparent Age
Physical: Strength 2, Degterity 3, Stuming

1, Dine?

ubcerfuge 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy
Law 1, Lieyguistics 1, Gecult 4,

. Finance , Investigation 3,
licies 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Domina

Thaumanirgy 4 (Moversent of the M

nd: Allies 3, Fame 1, Herd 3,
» 3, Status 3

influence 1, Re


Husanity: 7
Willpower: 6
Image: Like most Tremere, Cab adheres «© the DC
socialite dress coxles preferring expensive nuitsand tuxedon
Cohn is fond driving around town ina bullet-proof limou:
fine, courtesy of a limo service that he owns as a side
business. He gets invited to all the right parties by all the
right mortals, who assume thar he's independently wealthy
and continually ask him if he's planaing to run for office
omewhere. He has dark hair, bright blue eves and a natu
rally pile complexion, He always wears a cose in his lapel
Roleplaying Hints: Stay cool, calm, and collected in any
situation, whether it bea restaurant serving you the wrong
wincora Garouartack. Alwaystake the time to make every
peren who talks ca you feel important. and never waste an
opportunity to taunt o¢ disparage Pteter Vani Doen,
Havent Several. Cohn prefers his secluded brick house in
MeLean, Virgina, but spends most of his days in his condo:
js on Massachusetts Avenue near the Maryland

Cohn his his hand in alm:
Washlington, D.C, but i takes some ne fi
his rescutces.

Pieter van Dorn
Peter's origina have bees tnsteunactal shay no
personalicy. Born in South Africa in 1945, Pieter watched
hishomeland slowly rom apart as apartheid shifted from

{cs conion to an offal goverment ply. He a
save his ith
paths cowed wife and increasingly vebelioa soe So Pte
began tofightthe system, both ta save the land he lovedand
to destroy the man he hated.
During his years an college, Pieter beyan co secs
Poetry became 8 weapon for his raged ashield for isfeans
his fear chat he would become another white overlord,
ike his father. Public reaction to his firs collection, The
Barniny: Time, made him the darling of the growing ant
jovement. As his fame grew, so did th
government's hatred of him. He was invited to America to
doa book tour, and he jamped ar the chance; the moment
he stepped onto the tarmac at Luules im 1700, the Sou
‘Aftican government pulled his vise and passport, leaving
him a stateless exile, Forbidden to return co the land he
loved, he began to drift aimlessly through the boheri
culture of D.C. carrying on in the tradition of his rebellious
past
His "fame" in DLC. (such as it eas) drew the attention
of othee autocratic groups, such asthe FBI and the T
In one of its dark councils, the fatter, for reasons thae are
unfathomable, decides to Embrace Pieter van Dorn, Wasit
tostopa potential rebel from being Embraced by the Brujalt
othe anarchs! Did they recognise his interest in the occult

and his latent power! Perhaps one amony the Tremere
hierarchy believed in his cause; or mnaytye they j
ike his existence miserable, Pieter has
A. All he knows is

4s ever the same

to decide thar the C
specifically, were 10
exiled him. He began to plor their
He now has contacts with the anarchs arid with the
163, whom he sees.asan oppressed minor
For their part, the Setites view Pieter as a pawn ca be
cused for their purpows. He has become the toket
the Tremere, tolerated so long as he 1s ha
elisuinated if he b
nately foe hint, P
Pietertenids tobe susp the "estab:
lishment" (any vampire whois beer ini D.C. toa borg) bat

inneedothis

iberal in
-coties too powerful a force, Uniortw
bs beginning to goin in pw
lous and resentful
to newcomer, both
theirwefulness and to peotece them from other, more
os manipulators. He maintains a friendly rivalry
with Cohn Rose: his lacest coup was to steul Angliqh
Stravinsky from Cobn, and now hehas now fallen deeply in
love with
Pieter'sonly real friends are Steve Norton and T
Prester, his fellow "Archons
rust mm Are Morgan,

abitha

He gives small measure
and became sn "A¢chon"
invof protection

s"Justica
only because tt providesa mandi
owen big mouth, Pieter
BC, arn

tnt (and unnecessary) cane

sc his

gos tall of the tight night spots of

essed inan expensive uit and his omnipres
Afterall
revolutionary histo dessin tags,


Sire: Helenw Taylor
Nature: Archieect

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 10h

Embrace: 1975

Apparent Age: 30

Physicals Stenjoh 2, Dexterity 2, Staraina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Intimidation 2,
Lendenip 2, Subvertuge 4

‘Skills: Eriquette 3, Music 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Oteult 4, Ps
Disciplines: Auspex 1. Dominate 2. Presence 1
Thanmarurgy 3 (Paths: Movernent of the Mind 3, Lure of
Flames 2, Weather 1)

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fame 2, Herd 2, Influence 3,
Mentor 2, Resources 3, Retainers 1, Suanas 3

Virtues: Cometenice 4, SeltConn
Humanity: §

Willpower 6

Image: Picter tsa tall, thin blond ma

ewes well and retains » sight b

ne

Roleplaying Hints: You are u frustrated rovolucionary, a

tan williny to fighve and ie for' new tomorrow. You find
yourself crapped in the ose stratified nd ecmerlled env
tonmerie this side of Orwel: che Tremere pyromidit power
You've become a bitter, occasionally vicious, eynie. You
seck to deity the clan, and with it the whole Camarilla,

because they killed you, cum you into this morstes. Par

of you mnie romantic, though —a lover of beauty,

poetry and women, You enjoy waxing lyrically about the

dgandeur of your hometitk, the sutets over Table Moun
tain or the stars: those fixed gemstones in thenighroverthe
Kalahae

Secrets: Be

Influence: Piererhas some influence in polt

sy circles particularly the more liberal anes.
so believe in Pieter ana take his poetry to

Hans Scomiat
Hans Schmidt isan example ofone of the Kindres! whi
visits D.C reyulaely, During World Wat I, he wasone ofthe
(greatest Nazi occultits, He searched the world fir occult
easutes, hoping to aid Hitler's dreams for world donuin

tion. The Tremere Embraced Dr, Schmidr during the:

sand he has been of vital service wo the clan ever since.
‘Ovtensibly. Sclumide visits D.C te search ero dhe
aaty of Congness and the National Archives for useful
tems, Inaddition, he reports hack to Meeriindias to events
city and carries out speci

nics 4

3, Coinage 3

with Blue
i Of a South

cal and liver
ome anarchs

lan mussions involving

national and international politics. The clan sees him as
both competent an expendable

Dr. Schmidt has access to powers unknown even tohit
superioes He realized thar the Tremere were liaiting hit
abilities, quire poshly our of fear. However,
locate copies ofthe lose works ofthe Eseries during thetime
hhespent working fo the Nusis. These texts deal exclusively
with angelology and demonology,

‘With the Essene hooks, Dr. Sch
bidden arts of Dork Thaumaturgy. He keeps this secret
carefully hicklen from the other Tremore and hopes that ho
‘can gradually comupe the D.C.Chantry, starting with Cohn
Rose and Picter Van Dorn, His demonic masters whisper
‘many secrets to him, and they've promised to reward bun
‘with more power when the Chantry falls

Dy. Schiniat spends lire rine at the Crago House,
Instead, he Utkes stay either outside the city, alterna
between comfortable mansions int Maryland and Virginia,
or inside the National Archives the Libesty of Congress

fc learned the for

Sehmide tu chayvinist and an Aryan supremacist. He
ren and all minorities, He especially

Aliscoumts most ws
haves the Noserats
Le Schunide has formed his vin cults the Follows
the Body of God, with mortal membersall around the workd.
‘Several of hit followersare ghouls, and many of the rest serve

ansscrifces to his Durk Lords.

Siest Masgnerite Vins

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Loner

‘Generation: [Ich

Embrace: 1940

Apparent Ages 38

Physicals Stengsh 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Gecials Charis 2; Senipulation 4, Appeniicn |


‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wiss 3
Talents: Acting , Alertness 3, Doxige 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive t, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1,
Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledgess Buremcracy 3, Finance |, Investigation 5,
Law 3. Linenisties 4, Medicine 3, Qecule 5, Polities 4,
Selence 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3,
Thaumiturgy4 (Paths: Lure of Flame 3, Dork Thaumatungy 3,
Blemental Mastery ?, Maverent of the Mind 1)
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Fame 1. Herd 5, Influence 3,
Resources 3, Retainers 5

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 4, Morte 5

Path of Evil Revelations: 2

Willpower: 7

mage: De. Schmidt is a clean-shaven gray-haired man,

aluut 5°4° tall, He wears plases and a husiness sui except

when performing rituals. He speaks with a slight German

accent

Roleplaying Hints: Youdon'r trust anyone. Letnoone near

You! Hfsomeone lear something about you, kill them. All
Mt matters are your masters. If you serve them well, then

oi willbe rewaie In kid

Haven: De-Schmidt tavelsextensively but keepshistain

haven in Vienna, The clan keeps two mansions for him

around DC.

Secrets: D

Tnfluencet Schmit' influence 4» weak, spread as it ts

throughout the world. Still, there ino telling what he has

up hissleewe.


Venteue

‘eral members of the clan respect Prince Marcus Vitel and years of practice in preparing defenses.

bokd him asan es of the finest type of Ventrue. Other Dortans Adama ax his very exist

ot quite righ Prince, whom i] had discovered this in time co warn Prince Maria. He
Sabhur in cheek and successfully put the Tres doesn't dare to breatheat thisknowledye townyone, because
hat only three members of the clan left alive in Washing: ing to Final Death.

im us dethrone Mare peat

yymares and send messeriers Canale Adims

Some oklet Ventrue who visit the city dislike the Recently, they've insisted th

meeting of the Prince's primoge E tion, but so fas, Adams ha
my like some sort of concession tounarchs, although they steby necessary

pyweclate the fact that the Ventrue have Dihisin Adants oa Af the i scracitvg

age members of his clan from coming further his stereotypically

because of the terriblesavagery of Garvan atatracks, ; firs Nowever, yea

Dorian Adams playing the deran,

‘begun co wear upcin his sanity

Few Kindrod play the game as well as Dorian Ad:
Known to most as the "Old Bat of Washington," Dorian
smacehully stepped aside as head of Clan Ventrie when
Mateus Vitel came to the eity, When Vite! became Prince
Doris smoothly remerved himself from city politics and
reticed to his castle out in the Maryland suburbs, between Embrace: 1701
‘Woshington and Annapolis:

The elders of Washingron say that Dorian' Adams t
derurygedl, madder than a Malkavian. When the Prince

Thomas Carlyle

equists hispresence, Dorin Adansartivesplaying the rile
fa cinematic vampire to the hilt, He sweeps inside with his
black capeandeven speaks witha bad American impression

a Rumanian ace

an Adame wewrive the Prince enone sluts Potcr

inonly known, lies hides
esa dirt through Maryland foresthand.
is towersand gargoyles lend the place an intensely Gothic
wura. The defenses of the castle are teputedly i
fears ago, several Sabbut packs stormed the
managed tobresk in. Nonewere everseen agnin. Thee
of Washingron generally refusu 10 viit the castle, alehough
Dorian isquick to offer invitations whenever he appears i
public. The truth about Castle: Ackums i that it sin mage of
+ comridurs, high-tech security systems and magical

by Night


Apparent Ayer
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social:
Talents: Acting 5, Alerunes 5, Athletics 1, Beawl 3, Daxed,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Subterfuye 5
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Eriquette4, Melee 4, Maske 4, Repu
Security 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4

Law 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex
Backgrounds:
Virtues: Conse
Ham

na 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

clligence 4, Wits 5

ty 2. Dexminated,
weence 2, Protean 4, Presence 4
ies 3, Resources 4, Retainers 1, Status 4
nce 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Image: Dorian Adama drewes.asn etnetn
\ weeping rel linet bl

vampice, with
cape and old-atyle rv
a very tall, thin nan, standing about 6°

fo. He is
Roleplaying Hints: Don't rust anyone outside the walls of
our castle Play Bela Lugosi no matter what happens. Wgou
aretculy threatened, then unleash ju

to keep yourself ai

envugliof your powet

Haven: Castle Adan, somewlre in Maryland
Secrets: A

oe Wasinygton, D.C. Thuis is prob
bly why he stuyy ative, Castle Adams o no. However
Dorian betiever chathe cauld regain influence quickly ifthe

Dr. Edward Walker

Bencath his kindly exterio, Dr. Waller is one of the
n, D.C. during the Cail War, full of dealisn and
velp win the w
th up wounded soldiers und get the

the frant lines or home ta their famibies a6

weiter Clan Verte

As the war progressed, Washington became a etty of
sicknew and death, ws temporary hospitals were setup all
The fantasticamounof human suffering all
fuacter how talented he ny young lads he
brought buck from death's door, the piles of corpaes cu
tued to grow. His ideoliam faded even as v

‘Waller wos one of the elty's most celebrated physicians

Slowly, however, he was growing to rese

the coune he had choven for his life. Lincoln's
tire. Dr. Walker h

pacient (6 se before his planned departure, however: Mr

DavidCase,an influential gove

erly suffered frou rare blood cise

to desp
death war the spark he needs
ment insider, who wippos-

e- In veality, Case was

rue with plane to unseat Price Marist He
aces! Walker with the hope that the well-nown

doctor would he able toprowide him with ace

‘of kmportant oficial,

umber

(Case's uprising failed miserably, und Marissa herself
ly incinerated him. But Dr. Walker was successful
ing hiscase « Prince Marissa, an

Round hinvrathershan erasing him ous forth

we merely Blood
Though he served her adequately durtye het rei, Dr.
Walker really came into his own after her destruction
Since 1968, De. Walker hus expanded his sphere of
tnfluenes considerably, He now controls many of the tetiec
and nursing homes in the ILC. metry ates, These
prime feeding grounds, for deaths gi practically uno.
ed, and certainly unquestioned, He
trying to heal the sick; now, the dy

st his lifetime
make his immortal
existence less painful, Dy, Walker may only feed on the old
nnd the infirm,

Sire: David Case

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Cat

Generation: 8h

Embrace: 1866

‘Apparent Age: 50

Physical: Srength 3, Dexterity 4, Suunina 3

Social 3, Manipulation 4, Appe

Mentals Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
cing 4, Alesmess 2, Empathy 3, Laeimidacior
p 1, Subverfuge 5

Repnir |
Knowledges: Hureauiaey 3, Comper
Medicine 4, Occult 5, Polities 3, Science 2

Chapter Four: The Damned


Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Fortitude 3,
Necromancy 3, Potence 2; Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts3, Resources 5, Retainers,

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Willnowert 7
Image: Dr. Walker is bald except fora few wisps of ray hit
which he yreases down to his scalp. He wears thick glaives
and walks with a cane. He's only abut 5°5* and he prefers
Roleplaying Hints: You present yourself as the authotita-
tive doctor, the man who's read every meslical text ever
written, You rarely deals with Kindred society, wanting
part of the posturing anu politi.
Havens Dr, Walker spends his days in the basement of one
homes.
Influence: Edward Walker has some pull in the medical
his elderly pavientste
» developed
thor ehern and to him.

community, and he's willing to
achieve his ewisted ends, He huts a
1, whic is of bene'

Gino Manitelli

Ducing the 20s and 30s, Washington, D.C. attracted a
ideal of rob attention. The government took w moe
Inn everylay lite, making decisions that

tothe

ced businewes and unions and setting prohibition in

place. J. Eulgnr Hoover took over the FBL Iewasalso in these
Jays thacsoine New York crime bosses sent Gino Manitellt
to Washington, LC, to help straighren a few things out

Gino was bit rough arourid dhe edges when he started!
his career, but he had a good bloodline, Mary Singer, a local
Ventmie elderand one of the city's more prominent women,
noticed him, and decised that a progeny from outside the
city whe knew haw to use a gun might be useful, especially
for combating Giovanni incursions into che nation's cap
grant Mary her boon, and the

itelli was suckered into

J. Mary has lone been ashes and

there's a new Prince running the big show. Manitelli was

in the wind with Prince Vitel's

Marcusas head of clan

imas the new Prince
Besides, Gino gora kick out of hav

arrival. He was the first to recogn
Ventrueand the first woicknowledge
of Washington, D.C
an Htalian prince.
Unfortunately, the Sabbar be;
Jeavors. Aiter encugh af hisplanshad heen i
Gino had risked the Masquerade with his fren

wrlty and bece

1 to targer Git

1nd he bas profited immensely fr
relationship to Marcus ci
Black actually laughe
things very seriously

the Prince's rei

ies yanyster's relationship
xchange, Cynthia
loud, However, Gin takes theve
Gitto even has « ghoul ido: who does all hi
dirty work. Once u reserve lineman for the Washington
Reatsking hs been Blood Bound and Dominated

und is now a perfect tool for Gino's purposes,

Demeanor: Confortni
Generation: 11th
Embrace: 1952
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina §

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental Perce
‘Talents: Actiny

Empathy 2, Intimidation

is 3, Brawl 3, Doge 3
, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4,

Skills: Drive 3. Eriquerte 3. Birearms 4, Melee 3, Music 2,
Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lin:
ulsties 1, Oceulr 3, Polities 3

Disciplinest Dominate 3, Celerity2, Fortitude 5, Potcnce?,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Cont
Retainers 5, Starus 3
Virtues:

Humanity: 5

2, Influence, Resour

Zonscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage §


Fmage: Gino 1s 9 good-lookei
suits that are stightly

‘man who typie
less tasteful modem Americans. He has hlack
hai, but és never without a hats Although Gi
ally beside him, stand ind the monstrous hon is
Roleplaying Hintss You ye
vou believe in atrempeing
boing mote drastic

with Nowy
reason with people
sppnovch. Ifa Kindre's willing to

lfsheiun'r, then you'll have tomakean example of her. Your

favorite method isto break he nuff her in
a box and rail hee b
Havent Gini has « ie i sot DAC. He ab
hay safe houses in Alexandria und up near Friendship
Heights in Northeast. Gino generally stays wherever the
Prince wants him to be

nto tiny pieces

Secrets: (
Influence: Manitelli has some ties with organized crime

in the city, and also has his hand in international

ping, One of his goals sto legalize garabling within the
F se tsa gun-smaggling
operation. He hus pawnsthtoughout the a

ling a few in the DEA.

Karina Dobson

largest criminal enter
‘law enfor

commodity in the 20¢h Century is
Information, and Karina Dobson provides Marcus: Virel
with all chat she can gaeher, Trained as an investigator for
the Department Karina can erate a peison's
ibe knows all the tools of her
lagers co Ht
to tum any telephone
process of ing fiber optics tor spy)
peas to break ince al

way. When w mortal
an have therm legally killed (issued

comtifie with a simple relephone call.
Kérinaahocontzlsane ofthe Pic's rakt important
nation's capital, ancl afer the wildest ni

Force tea uls can deal with any menace, supertatu:

Ay test, hey ma

ing s Blood Bound to the Prince, but with the

powerhe gives her, she'd probably seay loyal to him even if
orpear every week. As it stands, she has

19 to aaintaining the n
h Karin may be Marcu

asret, noncof the Kindred are fully nar

most portant
the depth of her

andl that's exactly how Karina likes i Even he
sire stumbled ntally, and the Prinee pur
Dob

resources
oss her acc
ppovely limirs contact between Gino an

Karina can only fe
often visits the Peanag

Sire: Gino Maticelli

J fre milicary

nan the Betheses Naval Hospital

ration: 12th
Embrace: 1973
Apparat A\
Physical S
Hligence 5, Wits 4
4, Athletics 3, Bl 1. Desh
Leadership 4,

Mental: Perception 5, In
Talents
Ena
Subterf
Skills Drive 3, Briquette
Melee 2, Repair 5, Security 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges:
rigation 5, Law 3, Linguistic
Disciplines: Dominate 3, Hottinude 1, Presence |
Backgrounds: Allles 5, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4
Military Foree 4, Retainers 5, F

Virtues
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

Alene
vilations Streetwise
Firearms 3
jureaucrncy 5, Computer 3, Finance 2, tne
2, Medicine 3, Occult

insclence 5, Self-C

Image: Karina isonly'5°2", with shore beowwn hair, sof
evesaand glactos. In life

ruther fit. She always seems pleased, as though she
wecret that
drives a je


Roleplaying Hints: Forget about the eklers. You are the
Prince's right-hand person. You find out everything he
‘needs toknowand your word unleashes hisdeadliest weapon,
Ie gives you an uit of self-importance which iritntes mnt
res, but you love how ignorant these wnelent
folly te ubout miexlern technology. You try to avoid other
Kindred, however, because the Prince prefers ie that way

othe vat

Haven: Karina hus an empty office beneath the Pentagon
which she habits frequently. Hee ocher primary haven, an

‘partment in Rockville, Maryland, ison the other side ofthe
Disteie.

Secrets: A -

Influence: Karina has a great deal of influence throughout
‘most governmental records divisions.


Followers of Set

Waste heseverywhere- Unfortu — Embrace
anely or the Camacilla, ales a templeuned by the Apparent Aget 26
Sette, hidden in the lange sewer necworks hencith North- Physicals Stren

Talents: Ac
Empathy 4,

The Setites contsol much of the lucrative drug tra
hile they try ro remain ficken from the watchtul ey
nce am fis minions, conflict (6 fst approaching
honils run man

Skills: Animal Kea §, Drive 1, Bulquet teal
Survwwal 4

Setites constantly visie the city and Serit

W the cays ultraprofitable drug markets.

Knowledgen: Fintrvee2, fnvestigthin $, Law 2) Linguls

Rayenna (Iris DuMont) Medicine 1, Occult 4, Polit

# the most powerful Kindred inthe city, anil she Obfiscate 5, Presence, Serpentis 5, Thaurumtungy 2 (Ruth
pects the truth about Marcus Viel, While Rayenni doe Weather Conrral 1)
oi was Hees in th rer Ch Willpower: 5

e ‘tors, one of th
gam, preserited hu 0 Kha Asker seniber it th
lowers of Ser. Khatbist Embraced her and nl her the

Nuyioleun's trop manerted French watherity

2, Ravenna J 10) nuke her way va the: new
sed States Aker ea suk ponder tal

wevacwhite. se wrved.as  petestessat «rua

aaples, nimnipulitengher masters then temoving them,

the fallen temple in Washington, 1

he wuehd
wuntstouchieveanonhe
Demeannes Connie

Generation: i

hapter Four: The Damned


Roleplaying Hints: Everyone s coeruprible. Became the
friend, Help others. Doall

myome. Then, when the time is

right, crust theie heart
Have ol inthe sew
alsindonied building tx Noethease D.C
Secrets: B
Influencer St

and suis
ms heneth

he Temple of Set, oe

enntroli a number of Washington, D.C.

rug uankety andl the noncly compering with

the legendary f

otfor the hearts and minds of ee anarchy,

She his ulvo povid off a number of the clty's leading vice

Jacque Amyzial

Born in Haiti, Jdcaue prew toa raweeine be
4 developed the hand ropy: musculature
Jahorer, Given histerrifyingphysiqueand his
f 4 well-known,

hi of 65",
a manual
sation asthe
vl well-respected mi

keep the peace, Once

neta ety
however, he was put i. ps
ant life or death for

cord hone
hingof

fon in which hi
ured. Itgave him
3 Lace end very wel te
untenance of death. He made such judgements only

ever. He may have grown tne
|e Chriitian sermons ard wicked belt
man's disapproval. When he f

oxen the

uuthestill feared

ally murried, having at
sumer nto meet his parenty'
st days of his hfe

wal it was one of the hap

Then, just days eer his weeding, he discovered a mote

critical importance t6 the government whieh had heen
ed with his father's anne. Though lt was not his father's
dwriting, he knew that this would make
prlice whes woul

ould i

av difference to
his father's execution papers. Together he and
for their fully to escape the councry
Jcqyue went ta voodoo pelestess whom he knew to be

auilty of helping eofugees, She laughed arhieelreats butte

Jacque that she would be glad to find them a ploc
to America, All
js blood. Sh

ramlead to giv hina a tle of hee

ona boat
he wanted in return was Jacque anal hls

promised he would notdie froma it, an.
ali eetaen Mo

Lone ever wared Jacque about making deals with Setites. He
J toall the terms set fort, anal hus not ween his wife

Jace ss tll und
ny holt the bu

1g the charges he Bay

wn of their ranspoet. Because Jaccque's
ustomed bien to denying his urges,
but not all of the oth
urate. Still ve wi

ystup thelr bow

munraiged tor spare his fat

Coast Guard tre Hitbackto

Haiti —ro shame,

and se

cementand probably death, Jacsque's

uracle that the At
‘ould not destroy his son.

The elan set Jacque and his father up in Astington,
Virginia, where they could b Ravennit. The mins
A mumbers of
Adlington comtunity, but 0 one really kewsws anything

1 Jacque; Nor thar they woukd press his eharismat
futher forany set

ter bas made friends with many of the

Jucque got himself a Liason job with the D.C
lepartment,

with the de

upprsedly at i peivate investigator consulting
artrwerit on daxg shipmerits ftom Halt [a a
relatively short perio of rime, Jacque has marynged i

vsthee most rrumted enforcer i the lapest
ip in the eity

Jhcigue ds known by thie W
to be cold-hle

ld and immow
dank glasses mst uf the time: (¢ unwoted
Jeu. Joc

ut his
Joes tor like co spe, i be finds that macy
atriots view his French wecent as a alyn of

Isimadoquate roenterce gs ivicr Rumorhastrthaten
necountof te
the Light have been feelin

into the Sabin,

utture of jacee's spirituality, he Seepentsof

Sire: Calin
Nature: Brave
Demeanor: Trait
Generation: [21h
Embrace: (989

Apparent Age
Physical: Strengah 9, Dexterity

3, Stina 3
Social: Chitrisma 3, Manspuitation 2

Mental: Perce

Appeatan
. Wits 2

22, Loeliger

D.C. by Night


Vierues: Conscience 3, Sel-Contral 3, Gourage 4
Talents: Arhletics 1, Beawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3

‘kills: [rive 2, Firearms 3, Inverrogation 5, Security 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 1, Poli-
thes?
Disciplines: Anumalisen 1, Dominate 1, Serpentis
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Resources 2,
Retainers |
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 8
Notes: Jacque's situation s typical of neonate Setites: The
cla. has split im apare from hiswife and put him under the
tutelage of Ravenna, and she insists that he do her every
‘Didhdinny. This iuscitle ip clay members the sort of harred that
in cum causes chem to lsh oucat the rest of the world. For
example, Jacque unwittingly heeame nddicted to erncke
Tainted blood shoerly after hisarrival in [).C. He kicked the
Jubic culd-turkey, however, when his father temarked one
night thae Jacque seemed a bit off — for te minister's
respect (s vital to his son's happiness.

His expecience with the crack addiction infuriaced
Jacque. He had what it cook to break the hibit, but the
‘knowles thatthe addicts in the alleys of Southeast DC.
vwereable ro control him filled Jacque with rage and hatte
Oncein awhile he stil arempesto go without blood, buthe
never succeeds, He just gets mean. On the rare occasions:

when his father isout of town, Jacque likes to kideap junkies
and bold them prisoner in hisbasement usil they dey ox
at which point he drinks their no-longee-tainted loo,
Image: Jacque is huge, He kept his haérerapped shat before
‘he was Embraced and appreciates the canvenience of hav:
‘ing a permanent military do. Jucque likes to wear silk
cover muscle shirts, but the blaiees never fit hit
because he lacks the tandsti paya good tailorto come to his
house at thece in the morning. Superstitious even in unlife,
Jacque always sports an assortment of religious jewelry und
talismans erases, ankhs, litle eortors bag of animal pan
tc.

Roleplaying Tips: Speak rarely and in slow, measured tones
Defer to unynne who makes an effort to be domineering you
Know how to respect authority. Feel free, however, to
menace oF murder or torture anyone you feel is of lower
social mink chan yourself. You are prone tor violence, noe
because you lack self-control bur becanse you like it. Eagerly
coffer to do everyone else's ditty wore

‘Havens A small, unassuming house in Arlington Jacque's
heart is buried ina small earthenware jar within the cement
of the garage. He has 36 other identical containers scattered

throughout ehe house t function as decors if his haven:
should ever he found.

veque is beginning to make inroads both with
the police and the Aruy-dealiny comnusition


The most powerful «

Lasombra

Jn in Washington, D.C. re on the Palatine Hil

mainshidden behind itsown Masquerade, Marcus Vitel, passion of the emightiest gh

because he k
The Prine
anything else

Washingeon,

Within its boundar

powerful, O

Kine of Washin
Bnrth. Such ate h

Prince Vitel eureies

Clan Lasombea @

Sejanus)

or peolitics

comparison with his own

4; he will
¢ Vitel controls both the Kindred and
1, he will he the most powerful being

+ drearn

‘magical pin clasp that allows Laebae Alclios

leads the world 10 him dawn. They carried his body

The thought amuses him, ed it inte the water:
¢ Ventrue have little krwwh

On the she
ing tole;

and Remus, a

with che Sabbat, but he oxy from the currents. Finding that the final embers
Jef himself Sabhar, Camarilla, anarch or life still flickered within his breast, the elder Embs

noone. Marcus Vitel controls Lucius Aelins Sejanus. She chen told him about what he
pain, and his world. had hecome, and left him with these wor

ot stop until he is all:

the potential to become great

J aspirations wisely."

away. He continued on ta Britain,and spent a muinbersat

ntuties there, udvising chieftains on how to breach

Lucius Aelius Sejatius was horn in Spin at the start aman defenses und helping wal

4 the first millennium A.D. He served the Roman, owing the fall of the Roman Emp

me tothe attention of the new

his days

2 Lael

thale legions tn beste. He alan, atudying the mystic arte and «

fe intensity in the young Span
Kable mind

island of Capel, sur

In the name oF Tiberius, Lucius.

wh

time passed,

Tit

saed, the

cantrolled the
Jered the executions of thu

ernment. Eventually,

into Rome «

lution. When the k

bers of the Pi

f the Imperial palace. Bur the
oved no match for the war-hard

eri

men found Lucius Sejaniis

D.C

by Night

‘You will nulenpain, as you were always meant todo,
Destroy the lords who sought t combat you. Yo

Tiber and disappeared from the history of Ki
way to avokd mirrors, kine, He made bis way worth

Marcus Vitel (Lucius Aetius many, but the powerful German rune

lords dispose of theit


Lucius came out of hiding during, the lnquisition,
when he saw the Sabbot as a way to gain the power he
sill craved, Hiv abilities co manipulate ghouls, to un-
cover informationand tocoondinate espionage activities
ledtothe Final Death of many older wumpites, However,
hhe soon realized that the Sabbat way not strong enough
tgoverwhelm the Camarilla. He began to sce the hands
of other, more powerful vampires behind the Sabhut
Sejanus vowed that he would one day have power,
{nfluenice and control enough co make others tremble in
at mention of his name; but for now, none should know
who tie was. He sailed to the New World, disavowing the
Sabbat and planning his own rise to power. For several
centuries he traveled up and down the East Coast. Asthe
land become more settled, he decided co rest for a few
seni.
He set up residence in the Maryl
3 plantation called Rome, next (©
‘med the Tiber. He
ised to discover thar his resting place was now in the
center of che mest politically important city in the
World, He chose to pore asa member of Clan Ventrue,
delighting in the irony of using the clan that founded the
Camarilla £6 achieve his own ends. He constructed his
story with elements of truths Sejanus claimed ro be
Marcus Vitellius, centurion Embraced in the later
Bmpue, during the reign of Conmodus. For the sake of
the movlern workd, he shortened the last name to Vitel.
When he introduced himself to Prince Marissa,
Marcus discovered an entirely new emotion. Fur some
reason that neither could satisfactorily explain, Marcus
and Marissa were attracted 10 each other from the
moment they first met. He became a constant compa
{onto the Prince, and the two shared blood, bu
teins of power which firmly te
firmly in Marissa's hinds. He managed to assume control
ofthe Venere in the city, bat, while he sought for more
power in the city, Marissa would give him none.
Grodually Mareus' initial tnfatuation began to
change, replaced by a slow burn that arose from deep
within. Although Marcas cared for Marissa, he could
not bear to sce: woman in control of so much. She had
all rhe power thar he de power ti make even
Europe tremble. As'long as she existed, he would never
achieve his own dreams of domination: Regrerfully, he
contacted the Catarilla, through Clan Ventre, abou
Marissa's power base. Careful plans were luid tu elimi
nate the prince. Cornarilla elders agreed to let Vitel take
over the domain, provided he sould concede several
teas of government to thett control and refrain fram,
ineerfering in national and international affairs

The riots following Martin Luther King's dearh
provided the perfect opportunity to set the plan in
motion. Marcus lured Marixsa away from downtown
under the pretense of concern for ber safety, She wats
taken to Arlington National Cemetery, where a set of
archons and a Justicar made quick work of her Vitel
stood by and watched ay Marissa went to Final Death. A
chifl deeper chan any he had known passed though hit
as hee form crumbled into ashes.

The archon ave fie her remains to dispose uf as

of her belongings went up in smoke, Marcas
rescued the locket und opened its delicate clasp, Iss
Wasa hay daguerreotype, Studying it by the light of the
flickering fie, he saw that the image was vaguely fail
tur. As the last bits of Marissa's dresa dissalved in the
flames; Marcus realized that the photo was of his awn
aire, barely recalled from a nigh

As Virel's ghouls wrested power in the eity and took
advantage of the tlutiag to dispose of other enetnies
Marcus ture through Marissa's belungings for mote clues
as to the identity of his site. His lack of success i is
search spurred itn to make « grenter effort to claim the
city, andl a series of po

"Venteue" Prince.

During the ‘70s he tightened his grip, gaining »
reputation as a'strong bur fair-minded Header, fr was in
his time also that Peter Dorfinan auived his haven to
the city and became Vitel's opponent. His apposition,
coupled with the restrictions placed on him by the
Camarilla, made his power @ shadow: of what he hod
possessed in Rome. Again, his rule was dictated by the
whims of others

Te the '80s, chings started to fall spare in Washing
ton, D.C. Anarchs moved into the eastern sections of
the city, Sabbar atracks became more frequent and
deadly. The Prince allowed thete eties to:continue.
beeaune they gave him an opportunity to expand his
power base, using the excuse that he way protecting
Camarilla interests, He gave permission for foreign vam-
for access to the capital

‘Vitel sttendls meetings of the primogen every month
under the pretense of listening to their advice. In truth,
however, he goes to gauge the plots-against him and take
advantage of the opportunity to play cthers off of each
other. Suill, the rumors of Marcus' powers far exceed
their true miwure. While princes and primogen from

iiawost 2,000 yeata age

zen shartured most opponitian to

Chapter F

: The Damned


the government one way or a
most parr minor debts,

her, these ate for the

Vitel maintnins his wn image meticulously, He fas
hoiils who function as public relations directors and
Joctam, Every maye he makes and every word he
speaks analyzed, not only in Washington, D.C, but
round the world, Thus, his conduct more closely re
sembtes that of a President of the United Stated than »
typical prince. He takes great pains ro make sare that n0
(sue or situation evet appears to phase him.

In his spare thine, Marcus ponders upon the question
‘of who is pulling his strings. He finds the circumstances
of his Embrace, slong with the creation of a national
apital over his tonpored body, Marissa's unknown ties
to his sire, and the success of his masquerade as
Ventrie all just a little too convenient, What bothe
hhim even more ts the question of what might happen if
he does free himseli from whatever yume he's wrapped
wp tn,

Vitel's answer isto take the Jyhad to a new level, Fle
believes that in this post-cold war era, the available
technology is such that he has the capability to destroy
the Antediluvians and the elders of Eutope. The Prince
‘wants to stare a nuclear war, As the Soviet Union hus
collapred, Vitel iscercainof theunltkelihood of eounter-
attack. Ithe ean destroy creatures like Set and Baba Yaga
while ensuring his own survival and that of the human
race, then he ean recreate the world in his own image. [n
his neisted delusions of power, Virol sees himself as the
Caine of a new tnce of Kindred and the god of a new
human civilisation

Under his beneficent despotisii,justive will beswift
and sure: Humanity will achieve unignaginable wonders,
and the cycles of waste, overpopulation and crime will
come tounend. Itmay take thousandsof years torecover
fron the war, but when that point is reached, Sejanus
will guide the world into an age noteven imagined in the
veiliest fantasies of poets and writers, He wil live out his
reat: sociecy will exise in utopian bliss. This seenatio

st be hidden from all, however, of the entire city
‘would cerrainly turn against him. Such és the blindness
of the mases.
Sines Sybil
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Architect
Generation: Sch
Embrace: A.D. 31
Apparent Ages Lace 30s
Physicals Sirength 5, Denterity 5, Stimina &
Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 5. Appearance 6

D.C. by Night

Mentals Perception 5, Intelligence 7, Wits 6
‘Talents: Acting6, Alertuess 5, Auhletics5, Buswl 5, Dodges,
Empathy 2, intimidation 6, Leademhip 6, Setverwise 2,
Subveriage 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive |, Etiquette 3, Melee, Repair2,
Security 1, Stealth 5, Survival +
Knowledges: Prceanceacy 5, Finance 2, Investigation 2
Law 4, Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Oecult 5, Politics 6,
Science 1
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celecity 4, Dotninate 5, Fortitude 5,
Obsscate 6, Obeensbeotion 5, Powence 4, Presence J
Protean 5, Thaumatungy 5 (Paths: Lune of Flame 5, Move:
ment of the Mind 5, Weather Contrel 5), Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Ailes 6, Contacts 8, Fume 1, influence 8
Resources 6, Retainers 5, Statin 6
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humunitys 2
Willpower: 10
Notes: Vitel's exira level of Obfuscate allows him w
cloak his lineage ftom anyone who trices it either
inyatically oF otherwise. His excra levels of Presence
allow him to inspire rage in others and give him the
Capacity cut the emotional ties between people. Also,
te his proficiency with Thaumaturgy, Maress has
no knowledge of blood magic.
Image; Marcus Vitel dresses in the most expensive suit
available, and addsan elegant trench coat to his aciretn
poor weather. He fas black hair and dark blue eyes
which butn with 4 cold intensity, When he steps into a
room, all others fill silent
Roleplaying Hints: Fix your cold glare upoa any who
speak to you in.an improper tone. Speak slowly, and with
strengths and confidence, Flint your Presence. The
Prince's Presence is strong enough to averwhelm a Pavis
of Foul Prosence made by the Tremere. Remember the
secretsof tme power:nevermake threats you dan't keep
and never use power unless absolutely necessary.
Haven: Sejanus has several havens. Some of bis favors
itesare the penthouse of the Presidential Hotel near the
Mall, ahhome overlooking the Potoriae, a small house in
Georgetown; and a luxury apartment in Alexandria. His
Primary haven is the tne Hear, which overlacks Ae
lington Cemetery
Secrets: A+, Few, funy, know more ubout Washington,
D.C. than the Prince.
Influence: Marcus Vitel isthe standard by which influe
fence Inn city ty measured, Mest princes envy his
Knowledge and power. A few even «ry to research his

unite.


Monica Black

AcM owerful and in

Monica Black knows thatin any otherc
a peince. As itis, hee "father" teeats her lik
forcing her to serve as a vessel for every new Kind

who enters the city. M:

heart andserve

his equal, but as the years
came (0 wish only to feast on his blgod

Monica te the distant past when
the Prince of W ed both her and her

1. Cynthia, Ai
even th:

int. she had laved her
sought co win th

the mysterious stranger who had entered thetr lives.

Jadly lee Cynthia h

Now, she wou whim:fitmeant
that she could win hack her freedom, She hates to watch
Cynthia swoon over Sejanus, and whenever she gets a
chance she yoes out to Elysium or the clubs to exercise

and Kindred. Monica knows that
clove, nd that she

Marcus still seeks for hi

aply reminder
killed M:

verify her suspicions

that th
useful. Moni

the knows

Pontifex finds hee enchanting

t least
the Tew of incicing « full-scale
Tremere and the "Ventrue"—
hor with

conflict berween th

st wewld Inav an a Fath

tw take over the city. She has also considered finding hee

way co che Sabbag, if she could manage it without yettin
herself killed in the process.
Although Monica is Blood Bound to hee father,

tion, but és uncertain that she has the strength to defy
the Prince openly, She ts fiercely protective of the

thar frou hee mind with
Sires Marcus Vitel
Nature: Comp

slling her

Demeanor: Phott

Generation:

on 3, Appeatance 4
24

Banel2, Deke
Jotion 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5

Perception 3, Intelligence 4
Talents: Ac
Empathy
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1,
Melee 1, Music 3

Knowledges: Hureiwcricy 2, Hin
Aedicine 1, Occult 4, Politics 4

Law 1, Linguistics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3.
Obtenebration 2, Potence 1, Presence 2
(Paths: Movement of the Min

Vicissitude 1

Lue

fluence 4, Mentor

5, Resnrces 3, Reta

Willpower
Image: She 1s 9 tall

rriking, ravenshaired beauty with

1. She is constantly sur

hou! bodyguards, for hort she an

rounded by
have good reason

o tear diablerie

Roleplaying Hints: You are
You obey him, but all others
associate with the other ladies of Ely
the company of He
catch the Pon

Id obey you. You
nfo

wonders if uild com

Hawenst Sho wor the same have

Secrets: A. Monica listens carefully (9 what others tell
the Prince, and she's one of the biggest gossips atnonag
the elder

Influence: Monica hus mfluerice with the hurpics, and
despite her obvious thirst for more power, the Prince

pays careful. ar

*doughter's" we
Cs feuding

farm

smukers

to his most politically minded
ds, She has relations with a number of
ibytats and lawyers: which she fee!
lling the actual polic

Chapter Four: The Damned


Cynthia Black

There is more ta Cynthia Black, Monica's twin,
than Is at first apparent. She hates her sister for having.
Embraced her, though Monica did this at Marcus' be

Iho believes Monica: to be a fool for
+ rebellious streak sa blanunely.
jrawn to the powerful Marcus

no room for love in the Prin

est, Cynthia
She is
Ihe knows that
dark heart
ation ar the game titme th
I by a mysterie

She came to this real

che wasapproac + figure claiming go be
fromscmething called the Tal'mahe'Ra, Mer offered h
un. from abo:
asaspy upon her site, She
awn of the Black
ane withour lopalry-to the Camazilla oe the
he cealizes the threitt Sejanus poses to the
dituvians, and she intends to destroy him when the
Hime te right: Thonigh the Prince tema
fact, her shadowy masters have
to Marews

Marcus av well as prote
eforher netiny
id, and thus became a knwowi

nnware of this
roken her Bloo
works diligently

smmpletely trust the impression that she's a fawning
hip with Pieter Van Dy

Tremere, although she realizes that he's

with the Toreador Angelique Stravin:

Siret Motsien Black

Natures Autise

Demeanor: Avint-Ganle

Generation:
Embrace: 1973
Apparent Age:
Physical: Strength 3
Socials Clan
Mental: Pereeps
Talents: Acting 4

Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
ncelligence 3, Wits 4
Alertness 2, Athletics
Empathy 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 2 Su
Skills: Drive 5, Etiquette 5, Melee 2, Mus
Knowledges: Bureaucracy

Occult 3, Politics 3

Dexge 2
fue >

3, Seealeh 4

Investiganion 3, Law 2, Line

Fortitude 1.

Fresence 3, Thoumarusgy 1 (Paths: Lure

Disciplines: Auspes 1, Dominate
Obtenebrativn 1
f Flames 1)
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fan
Resources 3

ictues: Corcience 5, Self-Control 3, Ci

Human

Willpower: 9

Image Cynchia has her sister's gray eyes and long dak

that chey ate telated. Cynchia likes towear risqué cloth
wz anid keeps up wtih the latest aryles and fashions. She
look down on her for this. Her bodyguards tend to dress

like gang members o bikers

Roleplaying Hints

pulse of D.C. attracts you far more

prefers

u enjoy playing the part of the
seeking trendsetter, The iottal
1 bleak mou.

‘mentsand dusty
the ground that "daddy" walk
vou feel ochorwise. Ta your mind, few Kindred have

value beyond thelr use for your personal ens
Haven: Cynthia tries whenever possible c

when ahe wungs 8 get away

Secrets: A
Influene
ton socialites. She has started to create ghouls from
nung the rebellious children of rich D.C
powerful bureaucrats: Cynthia hope
own spheres of power without drawing
the Prince

2ynthia is well recognized aanors Was

blich her

D. Coby Night


Sabbat

1s Sabbar packs visit D.C. regularly, but only
there.

sy in Baltimore, they can come to

fone sect member n
Though his pack is b

Jack
The leader

Lucius Sejanun 0
agreed hy §,
polities und philosophy, and his und
amethod of control. Jack was the only memb
Lucius confided his plans for leaving the Sabbat, and his
would be there to help
und themselves in one of

Vitel's Sabbat, the Tsimisce Jack met
0 in the Old World. He wai

sotundinyy of fear as

towhom

4 fled 19 the New World. He has
New York City, where he participated
perpetrated violent erimes, F 1 bat

leader had ever made Jack bglieve that any

‘ould be ovetcome, Ne ud ever given hi

When Jack beard word of the new Prince of Waslt-
ington, D.C., something clicked. He brought his pack to
Balrimore ro fight the barcles chere, and then made his
way alone to D.C. Relying upon his instincts and his
sinculam, Jack wen ser
their unholy alliance, Jack mow serves Marcus; his p
mary duty £0 kill thase Camarilla vampires thar Marcus
wants to be
pitting the

No membersof Jack'scoteric know about his special
telationship with the Prince of Washingt

Ihe to the Prince and 1

la and Sabbat against each other

though
me of the elders inside the

of Maidstone
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1250

Apparent Age: 30s

Ph 5, Dextetlcy 6, Stamliea $
Social:
Mental: Peecept

104, Intelligence 2, Wits §

Talents: Acting 4,A\

Jctiex 3, Brave 2, Doge 5, Intin
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Driv
Melee 6, Repair 1, Secarin

2, Briquette 3, Firearms
Stealth 4
Knowledges: 1 3, Law 2, Medicine 3, Occult

Disciplines: Animaliim 4, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Fortin
Allie as 2, Sabbit Stratis 3
5, Morale 5

The Path of Power and the Inner Voice 4
Willpower: 7
urn parts of his body into fully us
Image: Whatever he wants to look like, b
tude off ape

ion of Jack Nicl

musness 2, Inscine

likes to vary things. He enjoys port
Roleplaying Hints: You warched Jack Nichol

Shining and decided that et served

role model for this new age. You get sick pleasure out of
murder and torture; which has
Sabbat Inquisition ¥

sed problems with the
u lUke to towels the
person you're talking
Havent Jack has several safe houses in Northeast D.C
and another down near Anacostia, He conducts ape
rion in By
Secrets: A
Influence: Jack has a good deal of influence in the
Subbvat, and mos

t of its members se
leader. Few would even guess how desp

him as a strong
arely he crave
to serve th

andiments of his master

Chapter Four: The Damned



Chapter Five:
Circles Within.
Circles

Washingion ton't a city, it's an abstr

Dylan Thomas

Washington, DC. i
intrigue. Here it's
who you knw
mortal
ing, nearly ine
Ivbad plays itself

‘hot a matter of what ye
The Kindred af W

Fear his uleimare weapon
» Blood Hu
suffer from

clty'g political
know, it
the
ay, lllance

ible barrier whi

The Prince's Allies

Marcu

Jy. He rakes

the
veoaritta

Vitel. Karina

fulfilled ancicipat

won't be mise

pride inp
and in using th

Circles Within Circle


Sabbat allies sabotage her new area. The Prince will
then explain thar he cannot afford to have incompe-
tents working for hima bue that he will ler the
pats for nov. All the neonate has to do i
her loyalty by drinking from a eb;
blood. In this manner, the Prince 1
Bound new pawns.

The Ventrue do most of Marcus? work (oe li.
Karin: and Gino Manitelli are both reliable
servants. The relationship between Karina and Ging ls
szrained at best, but thisis how Marcus peetersthings. As
long ws they are lighting onie andther, they won'e fight
him, Each of there individuals commands a number of
shwuls and progeny which further serve the Prince

ino Manitelli keeps a watch on the D.C. police
anal the uniderworld. He's aware of the Setite influence,
but so fir, the Prince hay refused to divert enough
eesvurce to do anything more than contain thelr spread
Meus ul uing to dee hoe totum she Sete

uation
lemonstrate
of the Prince's
ruages to Blood

Dobae

potsile advantage.

D.C. by Night

Karina Dobson is Marcus' intelligence gatherer,
Her duties ute virtually unknown to other Kindsed. She
prepares regular reports for the Peincecn the state of the
cityand the nation. Armed with this information, Marcus
falls the prittes of other cities andl offers appropriate
boons. After the geeat flood of 1993, several despenas
midwestern princes owed boons to Vitel

Prince Vitel rarely inyo imielf in the night-to-
night affairs of his dornain. In order co understand his
‘methed of le, one must first underst
of power. The Prince believ
stems ftom perception, He ea
walks the halls of Elysium. He appears to wave the flag
cof authority, bur that's all. Vitel believes that if he lets
the other Kindred of the city learn the true extent ofh
personal power, no matter how great that might be. i
won't compare to che measure of power that they imag:
Ine he posserses

Prince Vitel plans his uinte carefully. If something
dlsrupis his schedule, he treats it as» minor ereitation
‘When he takes action, it isdectstve and overwhelining
This is not to say thar he can't also be kind. He makes


THE

a he

il My

ible step tw make the lives of new Kindred

ng observed that neonates are usually (nse
cure ereotures, and desperately looking for help, He
fromises protection and assistance to those who serve
him loyally, and never makes a promise that he cannot
keep.
tional Mafia godfather. Fle iggpites reapect und fear in
ther powerful individuals, including his own daugh
(ets He relies an this armoyphere to create expectations
ln. others that will sezve to protect him. He wants co
ftaintain this powerful impression »0 that even if he
wished to leave D.C. fora week, all ofthe Kindred in the
city would still he too terrified co raise a hand agninst
Wi,

One final nore on Ponce Vitel: He is loathe to
throw away anything that may one day come tn handy
Pethapy thac's why the Pontifex Peter Dorfman remains
extant. The Tremere abo serve Vitel's interests
‘matrer how much « Kindred inay hate his reign, most
them fear Tremere conteol over Washington, D.C. even
more, Ifonly they knew.

When Marcus Vitel needs the Sabbat's support for
fuisplans, hecatlson Jack. Ofall the wampiresin the city,
Jack knows the most about Sejanus, but he's as damned
as Luctns if they ever slip up, and the Sabhar would take
theartime sensing Jackto final Death. Jack gives Marcas
his two cents worth whenever they talk.

The Prince's Daughters
Members: Monica Black, Cynthia Black
c Prince's daughters are the Kindred with the
fost status and Teast power inv che city. ‘eeated like
royalty by most, when it comes to controlling their own,
lives, they ate noting more thar tofs for Vitel's enter>

Monica hopes that rebellion will rise up and sweep

ous away. She is certain that her generation and
allles will pur her in position to take coatrol of a city
of her own in the aftermath of wich a conflict. Perhaps
‘not Washington, but Monica Black intends tos
Prince some night, She tries to stay on good heli
how foolishly, that he will give her reign over Rockville,
Tyson's Comer, Alexandria of one of the ather cities
surrounding the District. Monica hates Cynthia with »
paction, both heeause she acts «
will not rebel against Marcus at all

(Cynthia Black iy confident that whets Marcus Vitel
falls, her hand will hold the stake that impales hit.
Cynthia feels cant Me if laantlyinplaybing
her rebellious narure and daring to defy Marcus in spice
of his utter power over her. Cynthia believes that the
Prince, like auany men, can be blinded by flattery and
Black Hand will have one less enemy. Cynthia tries to
gain pawns and tool, like Pieter van Dorn and Cohn
Rose who will supporcher after the Prince falls and who
will make her life more telaxing in the present

The Prince knows far more about his daughters than
they suspect. He favors Monica, although he would
never tell her s0. OF anyone, only Monica has the
courage and the fire to serve a8
world. She must grow a great deal hefare she will be fit
to replace Marissa, but there' time

Cynthia, on the ot
Marcus knows that she's an oper
and he wim

i queen tn che new

+r hand, is not long for this world
ive of the Blick Hand,
‘ear him, Bette the
enemy tha he knows than one be doesn't. Ax Tony as the
Black Hand believesthey havean agencof tharorginization
lose ti him, they won't attempt to deter any af his pln
Now he waity foe hi new member, peth:
Pieter yan Dorn' after she has made herself any

phave ut least one ig

ee nigh

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles


ally; she will de. Hee ce amusing, but the Prince his
fhad enough, He hopes. that Monica veil learn from her
example when he sends her sout into the Abyss

Both women riced Marcus, at feast for now. They are
prime targets fordisblericand thusdepend upon the Prince's
protection. On thove rare oscasions when they are away
from their father, they have heavily armed ghoul body-
munis to provide Cover in the event they should need 1)
make a quick escape.

The Tremere Chantry
Members: Peter Dorfman, Helena Taylor, Pieter Van
Dom, Cohn Rose, Dr. Hans Schmidr
The Tremere head Use opponition to Prince Vitel. Led:
by Pontifex Peter Dorfman, the Tremere's power base tn
Woeshington, D.C tenortoberaken lightly. Ifirweren'tfor
the Prince's secret Sabhat allies, the District of Columbia
might again belong to
The Pontifex, unlike the Prince, continually makes his
presence known in the city. He goes to nightclubs, visits
Elysium and attends political functions, Peter Doefiaun
exudes self-confidence, a sense thar is hacked by the various
rmvstical tem he curnis with hit,

an Tremere.

Feo thitgs excape the notice of the Pontifex, and he Is
cconstintly an the search for new pawns in his guines of
power, Dorfinan ilo proes for any chinks in the Prince's
ormor. Heknows tha Prince Vitel har remy skeletons ithe
closet but refuses 10 act on any suspicion without abjolute
root

The Treniere'h

1c some of the miost competent eklers
Unfortunately, the Pontifex apes too much
tine playing large-scale political games to notice much of
the maneuvering within his own Changry.

Holena Taylor b constantly om the watch for the
Pontifex jo make sorme sual miscake, She isnbways flaring
around Elysium and isachose friend of with Monica Black's,
The tivo women have a great deal in common, and have
rmande an sgrevmenne that if either assumes the pesition of
their current master, chey will alo work to repince the
other's. Helena would like t0 serve as primogen of Clan

eve in Washington, DiC, but she's cermin to be

rel to another city. The Tremere don't intend to

fe heel cox they to 9 parricular

region, especially the capital of the United States. Clan

Tremere doesn't want another Prinee Marisa, whom even,
the Circle of Seven had difficulty controlling

Helena maintains. clese bond with all ofher progeny,
especially Pierer Van Dorn, the Chantry's resident rebel

Both she and Peter UXoefi
tonun jtscounse; using hin

allow Pieter' rebellious streak

Vorrmation about the
enemies. OF course, Van Dom honestly believes in his
poetryind anarch sentiments, which makes him the perfect
agent

D.C. by Night

Helena'sgremest fear isthe mage Trovor Barron, Though
she once loved hee apprentice, his presence inthe city now
could ruineverythiny. Helenacould Einbrace him, butifshe
slik then the Prince would have her soul via prestarion,
Helena knows that both Art Morgen and Pieter have met
the mage; het inevitable confrontation with shadowseverys
thing she's worked so hard to build

Cohn Rose supports Peter Dorfinan as long as the
Pontifex and Meetlinda keep stroking his eyo. All Cohn,
wantsis center state,and he's willing to screw anyone toget
1t, Only the Prince does a better job of oot this
Cohn Rose, The Tremere also huscontacts with the anarchs
and the Toreador, He supects that Rachel Evans having
some trouble, and that Chas Voyager is platting to over:
throw the Prince. Cohn enjiys taunting the Toreakr
Primogen ond, unlike his friendly rivalry with Pieter van
Dom, Cohn and Chas don't like each ether. Cohn gets
islory well with Cynthia Black, themh Cynthia hie re-
cently bee less interested in Cohn on account of bik
relationship with Angelique Stravinsky

Pieter van Dorn recognizes that be has more liberty to
speak hic mind than most of che other Chantry members
Soimetinnes he deludes himself into believine that the
Pontifex fears a confrontation with him. Other times, hits
‘cerrain thar he's just mother helpless paven in the games af
elders and Methuselnhs, Pieter jees Helena as his mother,
but while he has. hit of an Oedipal cotnrlex.he wantsher
to get together with Trevor. Pieter believes in love, and
finds himselfdevelopingdcep feelings tor Angelique, Pieter
doesn't erst the Pontifex or Dr; Hans Sehsnie

Hane Sehmnide doesn condider hime part of the
Chantry, exeepe us mutter of convenience. He hates the
Joc of then, uni he's certain that the Dark Lords wil enjoy
feasting on thee tainted xls

Elysium Harpies

Members: Helena Taylor, Monies Bloc
Black, Angelique Stravinsky, Cine trad Cohin Ros

‘The Elysium crowd determines the distribution ofthe
morsels of power dropped by the Prince, and in many ways
they actually have more eomtrol than the primogen. The
hurpics loted above are only the mont important members,

Helena Taylor saad Mons Black tren each o
siscets and equals; in face, mone thar few nyeonates have
scully thoughe thar Monica nnd Helena were the Black
sisters, rather than Monica and Cynthia. Each of the tro
regards other vampites differently, however. Helena prefers
to look at things in a positive light and is more trusting of
other Kindred, while Monica is skeptical of everyone'®
intentions, The ovis enjoy playing games with their pawns
sudhsecing whichuneof hem cmexett mere hifluenceover

the city.




cither the Folger orthe Kennedy Center, These newhiesare
exchanged off during conversations, and the Elysium mem-
bers pick thei apart, asking ther compromising questions
such at "Do you think the Pontifex: woald make good
Prince?" or "Which of the Prince's daughters de you think
hhelikesthe most and generally armusing themselves. Ifthe
newbies are experieniced Kindred, then it becomes more of
social event. Peter Van Dom almost alwaysattends these
‘outing: A neonate who handles himself well could end up
with powerful connections by the end af ehe night:

The Primogen Council

Members: Gusindra, Chas Voyayer, Helena Taylor,
Dr. Edward Walker

‘The ptimogen, forall itsclaimsto independence, teally
has very little my in the goings-on of the city. It meets at
ie! ssulferance. He prewnts the busines tobe conducted,

und the pricogen can do nothing more 1 udvise him ony
whatever matters he brings to their attention. Indeed, mast
believe the primagen exists only to provide a cover for
Prince Vite's tue dictatorship of the ciy.

Vitel does listen attentively to everything the council
125; ot just to hear its opinions but alo to gauge what bs
happening tn the city, Ifthe members of the council ever
realized just how mich the Prince aets-on their aageestic
they would begin to manipulate hie for theis own ends

Asie srands, Cassandea primarily speaks for the city's
hinpies: Chas Voyager assumies the moral high groundoofthe
lot, taking advantage of any opportunity to slim both the
Prince und the Pontifex. Helens preverids to speak (or ber

clang, burt in fact she schemes to uchieve her ow
igenida —ol which Vitel is well wave. Walker ve

Prince's mouthpiece.

Art and His Archons

Memberis Art Morgan, Tabitha Prester, Dr. Stephen
Norton, Pieter Van Dom, Wayland Smith

The leader of the city's Gamgre! lus his own eaterie of
weealled Archons. Morgan believes Washing
‘needa Justicar to protect the Camarilli'sinterestsand he's
appointed himself eo the task: Despite the fact
the ekders openly scoff at such
generally colerated.


a
y

Art Morgan hus gathered a group of younger vampires

fro the various clans and convinced them to help him

the city, He' alaye looking for new members

ally fom clans not currently represented. Fortunately

for Morgan, few of the elders realize this band effectiveness
or the extent of its operations

An's Archono, the Artangels or Archinge stay In

constant contact with each other and receive help from the

‘mage Trevor Barton. ‘They normally yather at the Norton

Mansion, and conduct clandestine operations against the
Setites, Sabhor i

safety of Washington, D.C
Pieter Van Dom sees himself as.a balance against Art
Morgan. The ¢ the tyranny of the
Camarilla und the justice of the Anurch Movement. Art
takes the position that the best way ta fix vampiric soetety
isto reform the Cumarila from within, while Pieter spouts
‘wos of revolution. Steve Norton tends to handle opera-
andatd research. ashe sublet break intoany
on he wishes and gather information, Steve mkes
s. Wayland Smith atmires Steve

ev Jes rica positions,

xml tliey feel

sional cone

D.C. by Night

€
mm

Stephen Norton has convinced himself thar Prince
Viee is imeparably evil. He refuses to accept any evidence

allot it tnbe a pact of the polidcal
Iachinations of a master con man. Steve intends ta slepose
‘Marcus, and hasno worry about whether Peter Dorfman will
become the new Prince: De. Norton can't stand to watch
sway the Prince manipulates hiv daughters

Wayland Smith is new co all of this bur he-enjoys:
having friends hat he feels he-can trust. Raphael Vega,
Wayland's ghoul, often comes to meetings with the Torea:
doe. Waylaru's biggest concern is the Sabbat. He buys unto
Vitel'sthetoricand likes to recommend missionstnt Subs
held sections of Baltimore, in order to cake some ofthe heat
ofD.C,

Art Morgan does not involve himself in
sions, ax do the younger vampires. He keeps himrelf abowe
all of that, ktiowing that young feonntes can usually get
‘away with more thu eldersea, If he were to make any such
moves, others would notice and compltin,

he eonitmty,cla


paced

The Anarchs mite threat, he intends to destroy her Rar now, be fins
Tusdinns Wehes bases o here amusing. Velvet believes that Razor sa myth creaned
ee Peta i by Prince Vitel
‘Whiston, D.C. ha always had rebels elements, =
‘Whale members of the Anarch Movemene typically stayin bt deem Flee
the city for jint a short time before they move on or are SngeF=be is curious see whut Marcus is capable of when
Usaroyed, few hine munle DC. their home The panko itt He's tried himelftotunt the Prince, butso
movement io alive atl wel Washington, and al. GF el bas bere is cou Razor woul ike w tect
though the pank subculture may nor be as loud or as violent aa Tae - he ke Ras late th bes aenni
so itt avotherctien i well entceiched bene ehaive. as he ba. Ramo batewes the best we

3 . promote anarchy ts through psychological warfare. He:

1 Vales: cla the tof clef anaschs in Norticte: aad Fier Vor: Dorn, whe he civaidersto be asplociew
ING, She's not afraid of Marcus Vitel and feel the Prince "ne afthe ellen saad ty Deaton in leeerctee thee
feeds co kes long look at whut the Kind of Washing: — {fete willalow dseatee panes Renew
ton, D.C. really need. Tohermind, he oughe to deaway with egconeny

le fy cut Van Dorn wide open, but he wosries thar Dr. Noon

iets walnsinthe Tealbtoreciies van Pieter Van Dorn tries to play the role O frien
es ite Teele eferct detec i ye Pree Geioeied ok hoe iets

position woull be if the Prince tisk him seriously. Both,
Hetena Taylor and Arc Morgan attempe to teasory with
Pieter to tone down his thetoric, but Peter feels tit he
needs new cuuse. He's intrigued by Velvet and woul lke

she follows the teaching of Bakunin, and this is all that
would matter should the government yo down in flames
The Prince regirds Velvet as a mere annoyance, bur if she
manajes to generat enough suppact to appear ab legit

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles


SOROMTORY REGUIARS

ba a)

The Purgatory Regulars
Members: Bjorn Garinson, Emilio Gone


The Gangrel-Nosferatu
Alliance

The Gangeel an

bined Anieualis

Chapter Five: Circles With


The Lupine Connection

Ss

Toomuch political with

Outside Influence:


A few buave am ig agendas, ach ws got
can troops to defend theie people ar preventing
intervention inan avea. Vampires inddevelopinge
mote conceméd with Washingron than those in

As long as these ourside Camarilla Kindred feel th

they begin to feel thot they h

no ability co afect national decisions which dieetly inilu
enced their domains, complaints would soon reach
heads of the Camurilla. If this were 10 happen
Camatilla agents would descend upan shee
Vitel would come under more scrutiny than ev

Since the beginning of the Reagan, adi
Marcus Vitel hus offered his services as a proxy for prine
Washington. Prince Vitel makes these offers only rarely

with the greatest of care. He knows that if th

to do isp ny of the D.C. Kindred from drastically
the disappearance of a young vampire could

portance as well. The Archbishop of New York h
when he wants Washington to get someth

ible to call on the help of a number af other

Book of the Wyrm for Werewolf: The Apocalypse), han

Chapter Five: Circles Within Circles



Chapter Six: -
Stories of
Washington, D.C.

~.

Elements of Washington, D.C.

pol
Irdoe

Chanter Six: Stories of Washington, D. C


* The
ls huigher than just about anywhen

cof living: everythi

rything is
ifyo

you wane in Wash ngton, D.C
The

poorand the ve

Development bu

and parade

country: During a Pres

mous. Secret

1 knows where' te look for the

Parks
wsamall p

ipeen, picturesque lund

cy.chancesare that y

4 sections of
ages wind between

in Washingt

sutside of Manhai

impire wishes to purchase clothes,

Jook hard enough
find anythiy

live within blocks of
ation anil the neath

© The influcntial (this means the elder) vampires de

the summer month

king to take

und pate
cityanythin,

especially

alf the government
tunnels so large that
truck from one end

4. Entrances th

in Washingtots there is
ally every block. There


© Unlike many ci
kyscrapers, Ther

© Washinigun iswconts

mie new read of building within a few mn
Tomake martes worse, the
withe
enment official ywhere, On almost any

emment off will passar le

nd the Capivol, limos and news crews

These: ate all sirnple encbunters that ear occur i

totyorprovide an interest

Introductions

wer, He pee velpysnrnd i

unter providesan opportunity for
anal Willpe

Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D. ( 107


he characters how they
al situations, such as a fighr betw

1 cemains pleasant, then Virginia

iracters know tha she is from out of tow, and

he represents important interests who have astake ity

irs. Virgina mncemned with becoming
federal politics as with keeping others from

Hey, Man: The charavtets are w

behind lim. If he
{ the characters seem atall
an he'll int
and oe

the stnashes into on
a wor and ita obvi
Rachel Evans, and she fis just fed off un addict for the third
ime this week, She's seared andlslighily tripped out, ma
Rowschreck checks foreverything. leah
er from escaping (and she may try to fi
wn, then she'll probably break down in
1 miore exciting introduction,
1¢ 2 Setite ghoul
As a character walks alor
up toler and asks forn

ny of them say yes, he'll give
hem 1 pass allowing unlimited rides, then shuffle aff. This

fi;

D.C. by Nighr


Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D. €


sit the characters' computer using hisastral
ate. It the ne

D.C, by Nini



cut roll (difficulry 9).
Monic i
1 th
Hi her, probably
nted ta see hit, Thott sh
ine to-rem
WH
At

lows the

roll (dif

ection, [Fhe tak

i. Th

1 Monic

h Th

not to reveal hi

ice OF soln chance encounter

and then W
re churacter look

ae the Prince

deca llegally
en Norton
hand, He
it hee nlght. Dr

wiously a drawing of

and the word "Hop

ey must dec:

whether they

Feeding
For

ood, and rake
Washington ha
etabrs regular

rs ebay the
lr time to sp
ange Bh

2, AIDS: The character finishes feed
Ashe leaves, his victim whispers "I

tell yous," or something t0 that eff le the characte }
ily infect ll she feeds froe with the viru
she should make sure ifshe wants to retaie th

fant on this the hem

don't w



beginnin,

nights, which wil
alt Wallpowerrolls
10, lithe St

lr lithe

rd

opertie

Pawns in the Game

The games of the Washington Kindred can get a bit
nvolved. The mortals play th ts of gan
sometimes the stress drives people tu the ede. Here un
fow ideas ro keep your players on that edge
The Sign: A woitian ic Goth
sauntes up tone of' nd whisper
Wait for the Sign heads on
way. A few nights puss and the charscter encoun,
again nea the same pix tells him,"Remem
berthe Sign, Thereire thre nore," then hes
‘on. She'll repeat the Inst statement every time she enc
ters them in the furuce, The woman isn't part of any
arcte he
e al people ar
having: hek ind the occult
They could he ampurcr game designers ti
expentson oe mod theuniversties. Th
could also be Ateanim mer characters decile
remain where they ane, then they might learn a few thi
3. High-Level Secur hs fins suit coat
tumpled up inn alley. Iiskde ts CIA secur
set of phone numbers. On th on paid
password semper". The phone numbers allow
ses t the CIA's compu the password lets the
ip get inside the CLA hewds, The pass gives th
access to Langley. Thewe iteinsarcex! dangeroy
Karina Dobson p yet aractess lay

Pou
th

the Prince can prove thar he

nlways seals messiges with wax
Personal scal inste
nature oo the letter in

huracters receive a summons signed by
nie co the rex ail
nrourage walking on the street

in AK-47,


Jhisn theisuitlives, If pressed for w perpetrate of this frame,
the Prince blutnes Razor. The truth is that Jack and hit
Sabbat are behind the assault.

5, Curiosity; Thisencouncer works best or out-of-town
characters visiting Washington, D.C. and planning to re-
tum home, The group encounters Menlea Blick, who
‘welconnes them to the eity in the name of Prince Vitel. She
takesthem othe Hote! Washingion for introductions, then
offers to give them a tour of the city. During the tur,
Monicaasksthem nimetoasquettionsabourt their own city,
obviously probing for oppartunities w establish hee own,

i

6. Ashes, Ashes: A character passing on orphanage
notices that the door tssmshed in and blood screaks cover
the door frame. A strange ulyrh isdirawn in blo
entrance. lfthey ga inside (only wimps‘ oe
police), they hear the sound of children'
"Ring around the
chdren, all of thea with fangs bar
cheek. Jack disguised himself as
and Embraced each child while in one of his psychoxic
mood, in order to weaken the Camarilla. The characters
must decide what to do with these new youn vatapites,
unless they want the Prince vo execute thei all

7.1 Need You Anoceultitt has learned the truth about
the undead He encounters the characters a few times and
watches them. reying to envesdp on sh artons
After he determines which of them ts the most humane, he
attemprscouppreach her lone. Theaccultist confronts the
character with the math about the Masquerade. He interca-
ther: He says that she has the pawer to give bin eternal fe
tel lve knows thar she could nor stand to have a deuth on
herhands Them he slashes his throat open. she leaves, he
dies. His wraith might haunt her, 0
assume she killed him snd hunt her down. If'she Embraces
hit thenshe hasturned a maxima ample, and thus
violated the Traditions

RP
waiter ccmes over

wsies". They come across 20 young
on their

Ife. then paws this peoblem 20

his followers

wllygess The charactersare sitting at w table when
J politely asks them 9 move. He
explains that a mistake had been nun, and the tuble was
reserved earlier. After the chameters move, they overhear

eka awyoe aid Iie wife chunk shu
‘waiter forslippiny. them inton such shortnonice. The waiter
fawns om the couple, and the characters have to seream for
all night. Line cutting in Washington works the

ian ee ge

9, Lucid Dreame The characters begin to yuffer from
very twalistc dreams during the day. The Storyteller may
vant to maa dream ay if it wore 4 normal game sesio0,
without ellingthe players that ition'. In these dreams, the
Keep seeing, images of former Prince Marisa
1 Dumbarton Oaks by Archons, while Marcus
Vitel watshes. These dreams aresent by Siiney Porter, the

vwmich Gif one of Maria's ghoul, who wants to avenge his
mistress' death, He hopes thar the characters will find a way:
tw do his job for bim.

10, Whar Madness is This!: Cassie locates the charac
ters and warms them that she has had a vision of them, She
tells them that they are all oing to die if they doa ake
certain precautionary steps. She wa that she wats to helo,
tur she feats thar the vision eight kill her ay well the
characters don't try w convince her to help chem, then she
volunteers out of the goodnes of her inimortal youl Case
uses her "vision" to get the characters to procure items for
her and escort her through Elysium. If they ignore her

Warnings, they soon learn that there is no threat to these
unlives atleast, no more 40 than usual,

‘The Masquerade

Threats to the Masquerade are everywhere in Wash-
ington. Several situations which could powe potential
Masquetade problets are seattered throushout this book.
Here are some that could happen anywhere:

1. Accident Scene: A iriver suxdenfy slams into an
othercar in the seroet in ftoat of a character. Then the guy
hehind him wwerves onte the silewall where the chanecter
‘sstanding and hits her. Aceidentshappren, but what does a
‘Vampire dks whes he's hit hy a ee in public? She may play
cfead, bur getting the body back without causing s major

ible headuche. Feen herteeiewhen a
doctait of nutse ts on the weene and tries to éxamine the
undead victim,

2. Breathalyzer Test? Cops can get very strict when
quotas ane low, and in Warhington, they ate hot afta ta
full anyone over (except the diplouuts). What happens
‘when i vampire can't fgg up a leath mask! Just rere
duis rule — fiends don't let friends deve frentied.

3, Food: A chamcter panies one of Washington ticer
restaurants, attempting to breathe a bt in exder to paso
iisone ofthe living, when the smell offine food overetelms
her, Susklenly, although she's somewhat repelled by the
thought, she thinks about how long its beet since she hax!
scmething solid to ext. A Willpower toll may be in order to
avoid going in, ordering something, and discovering that
the digestive system really is not there anymore

4. The Bye uf Chikrens Unbike autts, many tiideen
believe in monsters. If un Obfuscated character gets t00

alent in her ability to move around unnwticed.one way
to take her down a pegs to have little kid see her, {she's
vs Neaferatu, the child might scream and point, tetrfied uf
the monster. Of course tis parent. will reassure him nnd rel
him 'sjustalight post. Achild might approach o Mallavian
and ey to play with or talk ro her.

3. Flashis Every majot television network anal newspu:
por bas comespondents ia Washingrom, If story breaks
anywhere in the city, a news crew with cameras will he ony
the scene in mere moments. Even if the characters ae

Chanter Six: Stories of Washington, D.C.


sony thout their nightly business, a newsreporrer complete

‘cametanian could come up and start asking their
opinions of the cument administration, Congress oF the
mayor, Depending rn how theyanswer, they may get on the
11 pan, or morning news,

6. Violent Protest: In the World of Darkness, protest
tmyvetente can get mtherwely, Every cause has at least ewes
sides od most have mare. Characters ray find theanselies
walking through n sudden rally, Imagine a group of vampines
cought within a maddened mob ahortion clinic
Can they stay in conteol when the mortals around them ate
all on the verge of frenzy?

nih The D.C. metto system is clean
1a great alternative to the streets.
Whesaride hecbuyea faterand and then
Ansett it i 4 gate which opens ti let her enter. She inserts
{eintoanother gate wexit when she leaves thestution. she
lores the card after entering the system, then she's effec
tively trapped. Station managers can lee her out, but that
depenids on their mood, and the chameter goté to deal with
the embarrassment of explaining the entire situation. Self
(Control rolls are tn order on this one:

and reliable

8 Excuse Me, Mr Presidente Thisisan encounter toute
with caution. I should be u reward for players who've dorie
well ind who the Storyteller can tnist not to abuse the
opportunsty. While character fs somewhere in the city (a
McDonald' maghe), arceor service men:come inside; peck
ably sectingoffa dozen internal amas in the Kadted, Then
the President of ce United States enters and proceeds to
shake hands with all the nearby citizens, Including the
Kindretscold dead Mesh The Presidersr might he aurpesad
ft the vunnpite's hands and iiquire about their access to
healthcare, then hequicklymaveson. Thissortof scenecan
he done with uny celebrity. Because Wishingtion is the ste
of ray awed presentation
‘tired statcamien and spurts heroes cat always pop up.
9. Dogs: Many buildings in Washington, D.C: include
dogo as part of thei security system, to staff fo bons and
deags, and the DC. police departnent abo emplo
If one of these canines comes wero av
isnot going to he happy, bark
h 10 cause the officers to tnvertigate
‘one of Washington's poorer neighboehocds,astation wajgon
squeals around the comer. They see a gun barrel po
froma half-rolled dwn window, then fail of bu
fying. The Kindred might survies, bur peopl
will not be i lucky, Furthermore, the hungry may have to
take in Asroavoidfeedingond killing the wounded

ne stars, elitary hemes,

D.C. by Night

‘This section contains a number of different story ideas,
A storyieller can develop hem into chtonicles er just we
them asasides within an ongoing chronicle,

1.'To Cately a Malkaviun: Dre Stephen Norton has
finally done it He's stolen che Hope Diamond, Word
npceadhs across the city thatthe diamond must be recrieved
at afl costs and thot the Prince will yeant « great bon £0
anyone who returns the gem. ifthe characters haye e-mail
then they may receive a message from Seoer Levin (without
tuing his name} telling thems chat the location of Sceve
Norton savailableto any who will not harm him when they
tty to claim the Hope Diamond; If they don't have e-mail,
then theygetaphone call froma recording. Ifthechuraetera
gree, they are told togorothe Bethesda Institute of Mental
Health. Dr. Granger has Steve in a cell, bur he won't

urrenderhispatient. Dr. Nocton'sinthe grip ofa Malkavian
derangement, openly boasting abour his prowess as the
work's greatest jewel thief, Steve has hidden the diamond
tov the padeling of his cel

2. High Society: The members of the Elysium crowd
have decided dar they are going to have » neorste night
Helena, Angelique; Monica, Cynthia, Cohesand Cassandra
need to bring « neonate to Elysium or lose face. This story
‘provides goed way coger a group of cuaracters together for
the ft time and introduce them roekderpalitics. Thisone
works even if the characters are yust visiting the city

3. The Serpent's Coils: The Setives have saute adding
Ravennu's blood tw their drug injections. Within three
nights te Secites plan to epesral hundreds of ghouls, The
‘hua tets, along with other pepe ini barat eluby receive
tone of the new nealles (the fin one's free). The young
Setite casually passing them out uses his Deminate Disci
pine to gee people to try chem. fhe characters don't figure
‘out something's goltig oa, then the siilden strength of the
‘ew ghouls in the club should are them, Whit to do about
Its their prablew.

4: Who Wants to Live Forever: Trevor Baron finds
Helena Taylor, and after a few tense moments, the fice of
their love refgnites. Now, che two find shemvelves in. 9
quandary. Helena can't stay with the Tremere aul keep
Trevor. The mage won't leave without his love, and his
insigicks are formidable enough to handle most opponent.
Mehe charactersdisenwer the ryaof them, then they can try
to help the lovers of sell them ut to the Prince o¢ the
Pontifex or whomever.

5. The Martiageot Peter and Angelique: For aditferent
sort of relationship story, Pieter and Angelique decise to
tmutry (see Clanbook: Toreador formorederajlson Kindred
Inurriges). Their weddings draws Kindred from actos the

ich bringinggher own agenda, Such o

grand event provides an excellent means 1) foreshadow



t0 Washington, 0.¢

The following are some idens f
Washington, D.C. Due to irs import
¢, Washington makes a gre ee

chiA

of the Fallen

This a er chronicle
The Oblivion ritv of the

ng of the dead could
10 move ina the natie

influence to more politicians in onder to protect

the Kindred populace. Thisstary makes goox! introduction

Chronicle Ideas

Wn the national

the Kindred ro frenzy in the worst powerful

Black Rat Attack

This sa cressover mini-chronicle
Werewolt: The Apocalypse that
from Caerns: Places of Power.
Pack of L

eacler of the Bl
Blood Licker, hash
jevitee,U

ne of the main proponents af the tauce berwee

Lawrence, Blood Licker's bloodlust gets the bewt of him an
he and his pack artack the Nosferatu

hie Nosferam and the reer af
if, turns tthe

The were
the Bluck Ruts become ghouls. Nathan, in
Prince and th yan and
bath
Black Rat pack

Wand v

Pontifex for help. A

decide t0 deal with the pr

head of the sept, wants 1

War looms between w

D.C. by Night


AJusticar Comes

The Camarila decides ty yend a true Justicar into
‘Washington, D.C. to investigate the city. The characters
‘ould be wieniesesto eventsordirectly involved as Archons
themelves (see Bloody Hearts: Diableric England for
source m on running an archos chmniele). With
the vatt number cf secrersand intrigues goingon in thecity,
they will definitely have theit hands full. The various forces
warring to manipulates Justicarintadestroyingherenemics
is neatly overwhelming. A variant on this chtonicte can
cepe would be to have Art Moggan hecome a true Justicat,

andl oun DC. with all the authority ofthe
Camarti
The Demons Rise

Dr: Hans Seid
hand on « powerful ite, possibly from anc
docunen:s on demonology tecenthy translored
the Dead Sea Scrolls They summon jeu demon, who
tikes aver the ex-Nan' body. The demon takes Schinid
‘nowledge and iravedatey has his followers make i setien
of atacka acrons the city. i

to these threats, the demon realizes that the might of
theuindead needs1o be reckoned He locaresa powerful
raliman like the Hape Miamond oF the Ark of the Cov:
énant in onder to gain greater power, Case may have s
‘vision of this and then try te tell anyone who she thinks
might listen, which could include che characters (for more
Information cin. demons in the World at Darkness, see The
Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat),

City Besieged

A group of international Kindred, backed by European,
Methuselahs, have decided to tke control of Washingwn
for themselves, wresting It from the Prince and the other
chders. Chas Voyager offers himself as a charismatic leader
for the oucsiders, and the Prince finds himeelf under stege.
The outsiders may not know the city, but their ghouls have
diplomatic immunity, and they keep their havens in their
heavily guarded national embassles, preventing the ghouls

Chapter Six: Stories of Washington, D.C.

of the D.C. vanapivesfrows sstkinig a
‘The characters will have to decide berween the Prince and
the outsiders. Vitel will he merciless in isattennpesterecain
eonerol of his city.

The Sabbat War

Washington, D.C. stands
Canatlla against the Sabor threat. When Bal
into the hands ofthe rival scet, Washington h
zone. The Prince takes advantage of the war to
Sabbat after the Toreador (or Purgueory, iithuasthechance)
‘Othet packs of Sabbor strike inside the District and rumors

sbowethe nab
anything else to those who
of Washington, D.C. Hesends Manitelli and sev
‘armed with military surplus into Balrimore to take ve war
hack to the Sahbae. From that point, the conflict escalates
until Washington falls or Jack becomes Archbishop of
Baltimore due to the elimination of the competition. Char
acters could also play Sabbut attempting to. liberate the
nation's capital, or Snbbat members mocking. fo J
pemtely tom between loyalties

The Rockets' Red Glare

The time bas come. The Bis

al ghouls

fw cornplcted Ine
bunker, and he has filled it with everything he thinks
‘humanity would need to rebuild civilzation. Marcus Vitel
orders his minions to capture scientisn, intellectuals und
skilled profemionals yo he-can transfor ten my ghouls

forhisnewage. The Prince rtarssa major purge in Washing.
rermpowet

tonyattackingthe Poneifexanderyini ison
use. Then, he tries to geteloseto the Vice-Presid
a chemical is pur into the White House water supply t
ity incapacitate the Presiden. The Prince intends
1 onder the Vice-President to launch An
arsenal to wipe out the Methuselahs and Antedilovi
Europe and Asia. When the nuclear exchanges end, he will
ceinerge ro resculp uw world from the ashes of the old.
Obviously, the plot shouldn't get this far, unless the Story
teller nts an extremely bisere chronic


vampires a treasure beyond are: power. In this
of, the undead strive to win such influence as their
peers elsewhere can but envy. Only the best try; only
the most devilish succeed

The Capitol fears more than just vampiric polities,
though. The Kindred fight gu
drive off werewolves, maj ind others who covet their
dominance; and clash with the many vampire hunters
who call the city home. D.C. is a dangerous place for

the unde t its rewards outweigl

© The dark history of We
and the dread vampire

inary sites found in
the city;
any direction it w to go,

Suite 100
780 Park NonTH BLYD,
ClarasTon, Gf 30021

I 130-5
WY $18.0

wi i
