# File: Dead Magic - Secrets and Survivors.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

By see

‘ «
*

€ OF LOST CULTURES AND CIVILIZATIONS FOR ITIAGE: THE ASCENSION


HIDDEN IN @Bs

Seandinavia. In these place

unning individuals who eschewed th

echnoeracy. Long thought lost, these
ind their ways gr I

N/d NG whe
THE ASCENSI@N

ISBN 1-58846-406-7
WW4048 $21.95 US.

PEt SBaN6 WORLD of
"as PRINTED IN CANADA DA aK NESS


SNA, ;

LN a

SECRETS AND SURVIVORS

=]

m

Aer toe

BRYAN ARITIOR, KRAIG BLACKW/ELDER, |@HN CHAITIBERS,
Satti CHurP, LE®NARD GENTILE, TUR LAFFERTY

whe
avbhe

Fee ET WUT Hg Ee tig Prk
thin, Tee Qe A eee RS i: aa ES
Va ds: ue Jaye 5

= 4 "
ta
rad area |


Authors: Bryan Armor, Kraig Blackwelder, John Cham-
bers, Sam Chupp, Leonard Gentile, Mur Lafferty. World
of Darkness created by Mark Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Development: Bill Bridges

Initial Concept: Jess Heinig

Editing: Ana Balka

Art Direction: Aileen E. Miles

Interior Art: Marko Djurdjevic, Leif Jones, Brian
LeBlanc, Alex Sheikman, Ron Spencer

Cover Art: Jason Felix

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

1554 LITTON DR
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

Witte Woe) USA
GAME STUDIO

©2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dead Magic 2: Secrets and
Survivors, Tradition Book: Dreamspeakers, and Manifesto: Transmissions from the Rogue Council are trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion
is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

am >

"i 14 rh
Mi td gp Uhl

1 "Pana te

whi

Ha

SECRETS AND SURVIVORS

CONTENTS
PR@L@GUE: THE IDES OF FEBRUUS 4!
INTR@DUCTION: THAT \W/HICH WAS LOST... (2)
SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA 12
\W/IDE AWAKE IN THE DREATTITIME: NATIVEAUSTRALIA 4@
AND THE BEAT G@ ES @N: SHAKTI AND SHIVA 74 4
IN THE SHAD@®W/S @F THE \X/ ®RLD ASH: THE N@RSE 82 °
SINGING BY ITI®@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAITIANISITI 18 Ban:
THE L@ST EMPIRE: ETRURIA B4 Ate

CONTENTS 3

Veen ws A "5 hi OPEN fay Ms han witig A rl iu te i alfa aay AS es |

i) a, i) Nit te fy. D Ve Freee a lect i it

elute Ma ae Tope dk



How long? How long had it been, the high
priest wondered, since he had first been
imprisoned? A long time had passed, Larth
was sure of that. Thousands of generations
of spider, beetle and worm had played out
their sad little lives in front of him, illumi-
nated by the glowing nimbus that
surrounded the ancient Etruscan. And the
murals of his tomb, whose colors had once
been so vivid, had faded to muted hues where they had
not worn away entirely. Larth had watched it all. A
mortal mage would have been left insensate by the
magic that bound the high priest, but Larth had ceased
to be mortal long before he had been entombed.

Still, the swirling nimbus of light that surrounded
Larth and wove time and space into a net to trap him
had long ago begun to fail. Where it had once glowed so
bright as to illuminate his entire tomb, the light now
barely illuminated the figures of the fishermen in the
mural opposite him. Another century, Larth imagined,
perhaps two, and he would be free. Almost no time at all
for one such as he. Then, at last, he would learn what
had transpired in Tarchna since his imprisonment.

Because his tomb had remained sealed since the
night the triumvirate of magi from Rome's Cult of
Mercury had ambushed him, Larth had long ago pre-
pared himself for the worst. If upstart Rome had not
conquered his beloved Tarchna, surely the priests who


knew of his home among the city's dead would have
come to free him from this awful prison. But they had
not come, nor had his fellow lucomones from the other
city-states, though their powers of divination must have
told them of his plight. No, the only possibility that
made any sense was that the Romans had wanted Larth
eliminated before launching an attack against Tarchna
and had sent their lackeys in the Cult of Mercury to
ensure this was done. That Tarchna's priests had never
come to his tomb afterward meant the attack must have
succeeded. That the lucomones had never come meant
that Tarchna was only the first of the surviving Etruscan
states to be attacked. Even without his long-lost powers
of divination, it had always been clear that not just
Tarchna, but Etruria itself had been subdued by the
upstart republic. How long ago had it been? How long
since his people, his nation, all he'd ever cared for had
fallen to dust?

Suddenly, sounds interrupted Larth's reverie. Sounds
like something was scraping on the masonry of his tomb.
Then light, dazzling light. It had been so long since
Larth had seen any light besides that radiating from his
prison. Could the light he had thought still so bright
have really been so dim? The high priest's ancient eyes
struggled to adjust to this new light's brilliance. As they
did, Larth could just make out the form of a woman
stepping in front to face him — at least, the priest
thought it to be a woman. The strange garb she wore
made it difficult to discern gender in the blinding light
now flooding Larth's tomb.

In a strange language, the... woman... yes, Larth
was sure his rescuer was a woman now... she addressed
someone off to his right. The priest saw no one there.
Then, he concentrated, his eyes piercing the veil be-
tween worlds. Aha, a shade, also strangely garbed. So
this was to whom the woman spoke. If it still beat,
Larth's heart would have leapt into his throat. This
woman wasa speaker for the dead, as he had been, Could
it be that Etruria still stood? That the priesthood still
existed and had finally come to free him? Then, the
woman addressed Larth, and his dead blood grew colder
still.

At first, she addressed Larth in the same language
she had spoken to the shade in, but when she saw Larth's
brow furrow at its incomprehensibility, she spoke again
ina tongue Larth was quite familiar with, one he'd heard
over and over again during his imprisonment as he
replayed the details of his ambush and capture in his
mind. Latin. The woman spoke Latin. Could it be that
the scions of Romulus still ruled above in Tarchna after
so very long? Reflexively, Larth attempted to raise his

Deab MMacic IL

tight hand to stop the hated words from coming — and
it moved.

Larth had thought that the glow from the chains of
time and space that imprisoned him had merely faded in
intensity in comparison to the flood of outside light that
now illuminated his tomb, but there was more to it than
that. The woman entering the tomb had brought some-
thing with her, something that had worn away at the
magics that bound Larth. The net woven round the high
priest was fragile now, little more than a shimmering
cobweb.

oh, ancient scion of Caine," the woman contin-
ued, "reveal to your descendents' lowly servant how she
might free your incorruptible flesh from this tomb that
has held you for so very long."

Inconceivable. Not only was this woman prattling
on in the hated tongue of Rome; now she'd mistaken
him for one of the undead tomb skulkers that infested
lesser lands' necropoli and fed off their citizens. Had the
Romans conquered Etruria and then, in their igno-
rance, allowed the grave demons — demons the
lucomones had banished to the simpler lands surround-
ing Etruria —to overrun the sacrosanct tombs of Larth's
forefathers? Larth had to know.

Larth flexed the divine spark that burned within
him, and the magic binding him for untold centuries
was sloughed off like so much dead weight. He took a
step forward and smiled wickedly at the woman who had
so stupidly dared to invade his home and prison spout-
ing Latin and mistaking him from the accursed of the
Hebrew god. Too late, the woman seemed to realize that
something had gone terribly awry with her and her
master's plan, whatever it might have been.

"Please," she pleaded, still speaking in the hated
tongue, "I'm here to help you."

"Oh, do not concern yourself over that," Larth spat,
also in Latin, "you shall indeed help me."

Like the worms that forever managed to wriggle
their way inside of Larth's tomb, the high priest's mind
slipped into the mind of the undead's thrall. The crea-
ture screamed and then began babbling in her annoying
nonsense tongue. No matter, the priest didn't need to
understand her language to learn what he needed to
know. Images flooded his mind. Of undead creatures
seeking one of their own elders entombed in...
Tarquinia.... Of how one of these entities intended to
devour the ancient's blood and very soul and of the lore
of death they all hoped to plunder from both tomb and
soul. Incensed, Larth pushed deeper into her mind to
learn of Tarchna and Rome. And he learned what little
she knew, but enough to confirm his worst fears. Etruria


was long dead. Rome too, though not before the upstarts
builtan empire greater than Alexander's and held it for
more than a thousand years.

Rage welled up inside Larth. He'd been entombed
for more than two thousand years. His nation and all its
people had been wiped from the pages of history, with
little more than a smattering of examples of its art and
literature having survived to the present. The final
irony was that what little was known was passed on by
Etruria's conqueror, Rome.

Itwas just too much to bear. Larth's mind withdrew
from the woman, whom he now knew to be called
Lucrezia della Passaglia. She dropped hard to the floor
of the tomb. This apparently alerted the shade, whom
Larth now knew was called,'Anton, to the fact that
something had to be done to save his mistress, so he
stupidly moved to interpose himself between the high
priest and the woman.

Larth was not amused.

Larth reached within his robes and drew forth.a
simple silver key, pointing it past the blustering shade at
a mural of a set of double doors flanked by two men
garbed much like Larth himself: "Mighty Vanth," the
priest began speaking in a language dead for two millen-
nia, "grant me, your humble priest, egress to thy realm."

A seam appeared between and around the two
painted doors, and then, quite suddenly, they swung
back to reveal a twisting hallway of black basalt, wherein
dark noisome things skittered and chattered. Catching
sight of this, Anton's face contorted into a mask of
absolute terror.

"Greetings, servants of Charun, Lord of the Dead,"
Larth spoke in his dead tongue, unmoved by Anton's
plight. "I bid thee welcome to the lands of the quick and
offer you these tender morsels as'sacrifice. Do my will,
and I promise you many, many more."

At this, a horrible buzzing erupted from the crea-
tures' ranks, a buzzing not so much heard as felt. As
Larth concentrated, the buzzing resolved itselfsinto a
chorus of voices, speaking as one. "What have you to
offer, priest, that we may not just take?"

"I offer you freedom to indulge your darkest desires,
oh Charontes. I offer you slaughter on a scale not seen
in eons. I offer you the bodies and souls of all those
usurpers who dwell in the city above. I would see them
all butchered, their city razed and lost Tarchna resut-
rected atop the bones of their ‘Tarquinia'."

"No, Great Nesna Nethshrac, do not do this thing,"
a voice called out in the mother tongue.

Larth whirled to see that two more oddly dressed
people had dared to intrude upon his tomb, each bearing

a strange metal torch from which an amber glow radi-
ated. "Who are you, that you speak the language of my
people and would dare to stay my hand from its righ-
teous vengeance?"

"My name is Massimmo Pallottino, and the mem-
bers of my family are the last survivors of the Etruscan
priesthood."

"Absurd," spoke Larth. "If that were true, you would
certainly join me in my quest to punish the usurpers and
bring back the glory of Etruria."

"Great Priest, those who brought ruin to your king-
dom are long dead, their empire dust. The people in the
city above are innocent of the crimes you would punish
them for. My initiate and I sought to free you from your
prison at long last and would have done so had not this
woman, a servant of this land's vampiric nigromancers,
not interfered." :

"It matters not who freed me or their motivations.
for doing so. I was wrongfully imprisoned for more than.
two millennia while the people above picked clean the
bones of my—our—civilization. They will be made to
pay. THe only question is whether you and the novice
will stand with me or against me. What say you?"

"If you can not be dissuaded from your course of
genocide, then we must stand against you."

"So be it. What say you, Charontes?"

From behind the portal, a veritable wave of the
chittering, inhuman creatures rose up and then leapt
through the door. Anton and Lucrezia vanished under
their monstrous, dark-blue forms. "Yourgermsare agree-
able to us, Nesna Nethshrac," they buzzéd excitedly.

Massimmo began to speak the ancient charms of
binding the beasts of the Underworld, but was struck by
a flurry of the Charontes before he could bring his magic
to bear against them.

"Hold them fast, but do not kill these two... yet,"
instructed Larth.

A pair of Charontes held Massimmo fast, and one
narrowly grabbed hold of the mage's apprentice's right
arm. Many others flooded outside like an ill wind, the
violence of their exit extinguishing the lights that had
illuminated the tomb's interior, and plunging the mau-
soleum into darkness.

At his wits' end, the apprentice mage hurled a
minor spirit-wracking rote at the Charontes holding
fast to his arm. Enraged, the creature wrenched the
young man's arm back hard, bending it the wrong way
at the elbow, and backhanded him across the face, its
wicked claws drawing deep gashes across his eyes. The ~
apprentice landed near the open door of the tomb,


scrambled awkwardly to his feet and ran staggering out
the tomb's open door.

"Think about what you're doing, Nesna Nethshrac,"
Massimmo pleaded. "Our kind is charged with protect-
ing the living from the Restless Dead that would harm
them. We pledged our lives to that cause."

Larth turned to face the ‘priest' suspended before
him, eyes narrowing in anger. "I'll have youknow, I died
20 years before I was imprisoned by the Roman dogs, and
onthe day became immortal, I pledged my eternal half-
life to protecting the people of Tarchna. In that | may
have failed, to my eternal shame, but I will see to it that
they are avenged, so help me gods. And no Roman
sympathizer like you is going to stop me."

"Roman sympathizer? Listen to yourself, Great Priest.
Think. I am no sympathizer—there are no sympathiz-
ers. What's more, there are no Romans. The Roman
Empire fell to barbarians hundreds of years

"I will hear no more of this. C
‘priest' the value of silence."

At this, the two spirits tugged on the mage's arms.
The right arm popped from its socket with a crack, and
the man gritted his teeth hard, cold sweat pouring from
his brow. There was a sharp gasp from the tomb's
entrance.

Larth spun at this to find himself confronted with
two more intruders on his.sanctuaty, a tall man with
flaming red hairand asmall, lean, raven-tressed woman.

"More foreigners. Charontes, here are two new
sacrifices for you. Kill the trespassers."

Needing little encouragement, the two Charontes
hurled themselves at the newcomers but were stopped
dead a meter distant by some unseen barrier. As the
spirits struck the unseen ward, a medallion in the
woman's outstretched hand glowed a cold blue. Larth
recognized the symbol on the medallion — the Seal of
Solomon.

Larth whirled on the injured mage lying on the
ground at his feet, his face contorted by rage. "The Cult
of Mercury," the ancient priest screamed. "You claim to
be a priest of Etruria and dare to ally yourself with the
lapdogs of Rome."

"No," Massimmo protested, raising his good arm in
a gesture of peace. "It's not like that. They aren't what
you think. And I didn't know about—"

"Silence, false priest," shouted the Nesna Nethshrac,
pointing his finger at Pallottino. "Enough of your lies. I,
Larth Fulumchva, Lucomones and Nesna Nethshrac to
the dodecopoli of Etruria, name thee false priest, blas-
phemer and traitor to the Etruscan people. In the name
of all that was done to myself and our people, I give to

DEAD ITIAGIC Il


thee the Release of the Agonizing Death. May Vanth
flay the flesh from your shade and Charun hammer your
soul to jelly."

At these words, Pallottino began to writhe scream-
ing in agony on the floor of the tomb, only to explode
into dust a moment later.

Throbbing with power, his divine spark now fanned
toa blazing brand, Larth turned to deal with the intrud-
ers, when the fire blazing within himself began to burn
him. Wherever this inner fire erupted from, he began to
rot, the years he had denied to the grave for so long now
taking their toll on his undying form.

Taking full advantage of Larth's debility, the tall
man raised a wand of gleaming orichalcum at the priest.
Its end erupted with fire and ah earsplitting crack like a
thunderbolt, and Larth felt his torso explode, showering
the rear of his tomb with blood and gore.

The pain was incredible, but Larth knew such an
injury would not, could not, kill him. Still, he was
terribly injured, and his own magic had burned him. He
would not be imprisoned again. Now was the time to
flee. Calling to mind the rote he'd used earlier, Larth
again pointed his silver key at the door mural, intending
to transport himself toa safe portion of the Underworld.
Instead, the portal opened to reveal enormous roiling
clouds of spirit jetsam, ridden by a hundred Charontes.

Suddenly the terrible burning erupted from inside him
again as he lingered on the edge of the open spirit
doorway; there was another sharp report from behind,
then another, and a sudden loss of balance as he fell
through the portal. Falling end over end, he saw the
portal far above him wink out of existence.

Larth's broken body came to rest with a crash.
Above the high priest, a whirling mass of Charontes
faltered in their flight, only to dive down and land next
to him. Larth struggled to make his broken, rotted form
rise, but to no avail. As he lay there, waiting for the
Charontes to fall upon and devour him, Larth heard
their incessant buzzing grow toa fever pitch. And then,
he heard a voice behind the buzzing, or over it, or
within. It whispered to him reassuringly, promising
surcease from his pain and sanctuary amongst her brood.

"The End is nigh," the kindly voice whispered.
"The time of Epopteia comes, when your kind will be
undone. But you will survive this time of trouble, as you
have survived so very much. And I will help you to grow
strong again, that you might serve me."

And as she spoke, Larth saw in his mind's eye the
future unfold before him as it had so many centuries ago.
And what he saw was both wonderful and terrible
beyond imagining.


DUCTION:
THAT \X/HICH

WAS LOST...

This second volume of the Dead Magic
s is titled Secrets and Survivors. The
magics explored herein are largely forgot-
ten by the modern world —but they're not
exactly dead. Someone, somewhere, still
practices these old ways, and can be ap-
proached to teach them to a new
generation. That doesn't mean it will be
easy finding these rare, few mages, or that
they'll want to be found, much less be willing to teach
their ancient secrets to whomever has the temerity to
track them down. These ways have been kepthidden for
a reason, either because their practitioners despise the
modern world and don't want to taint their old tradi-
tions by subjecting them to it, or because they hold
dangerous power their wielders don't want toshare—or
that rivals don't want to see unearthed.

The Traditions can no longer rely on their own
ways to escape the predicament they're in, with the

Avatar Storm raging across the Gauntlet between
worlds, their Masters missing in action, and the Tech-
nocracy cementing its power. It's time to fan out across
the world and rediscover what was lost, reconnect with
the forgotten magical heritages of many cultures, and
discover new methods of reaching for the unattain-
able: Ascension.

R@GUE C@UNCIL
TRAVEL@GUES

Spurring this new era of discovery is the enigmatic
Rogue Council. The Sphinx sends messages to mages
across the world with mysterious edicts and clues, urging
them to explore the forgotten corners of the planet for
lost magic thatstill inexplicably survives in the hands of
unknown mages or elder spirits.

Aswith anything the Sphinx is involved in, contro-
versy arises. Many wholeheartedly follow these messages,

but some distrust them and wonder what their real
purpose is: To truly reawaken a lineage to the past, or to
rouse entities best left undisturbed? Some mages so
greatly fear this endeavor that they actively attempt to
thwartit, going so faras to attack mages who pursue such
research. Of course, the Technocracy also distrusts
anything these Reality Deviants engage in, and it also
moves to investigate these messages from the Sphinx —
apparently, these messages aren't just delivered to the
Traditions, spurring speculation about a mad purpose to
turn both sides against one another in open warfare.

The truth behind all this furious activity is un-
known, buteven those whoside with the Sphinx wonder:
Are the End Times finally upon us? Is Ascension truly at
hand? Or is this the last gasp of a dying worldview, the
desperate writhing of magicas it finally dies, killed by the
victory of the Technocratic paradigm?

For more information on the Rogue Council, see
Manifesto: Transmissions from the Rogue Council.

FRemT EAST TO \W/EST

Dead Magic 2: Secrets and Survivors explores old
ways from around the world and from different eras.
While the magics of the Australian aboriginal natives
never really died out, the magic of ancient Etruria hasn't
had a true practitioner since the fall of Rome. Mages
seeking these secrets — no matter how alive or dead —
should keep one admonishmentin mind: Tread carefully.

Sad Islands in Strange Seas: Polynesia explores
the South Seas islands and their magical traditions —
largely ignored by modern Traditionalists and Techno-
crats alike. From Hawaii and Easter Island to Samoa and
New Zealand, the ways of the kahunas are explored,
including the fascinating powers of tikis, tatus and
mokomai (head-hunting).

Wide Awake in the Dreamtime: Native Australia
reveals the hidden landscape of the Dreamtime, em-
powering the spirit world of Australia. Only those who
truly live on the land and are initiated by itcan know the
Dreaming — all others are blind to its gifts. But once
you've tasted the Dreaming, you may not want to leave,
for no other place will seem like home.

And the Beat Goes On: Shakti and Shiva takes us
to exotic India and exposes us to forbidden Hindu rites
dedicated to Shakti in her apocalyptic form of Kali, the
World Destroyer. Also detailed is her husband, Shiva,
whose followers vie with Kali's cultists to prevent the
premature end of the world. Modern mages can involve
themselves in this struggle and reap many magical
secrets — but at what cost?

we, AU Pe
! hy de

Mauger a
as t

This book deals with some dark-and nasty
themes—things like Ragnarok, evil tikis dedicated
to deep sea gods, an immortal liche, and Kali
herself, the goddess of raw destruction. Oddly
enough, there is no Black Dog Game Factory logo.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't act mature when
ading some of this material; we just figure that you
know what to expect by.now and don't need a logo.
to hold your hand and warn you away from the
gritty stuff. Just to make it clear: this book is
recommended for mature readers.

That said, we don't recommend you read this
with salacious intent. These themes are explored in,
the context of the World of Darkness — a horro
tting. They aren't here to provide splatterpunk
thrills, but to honestly express the material covered
you can't talk about Kali without considering
some disturbing images. Sure, this stuff can be
spooky — that's part of the point — but it should
also be fearsome. Don't lose track of the horror o
shirk from the evil intent that some people display

In the Shadows of the World Ash: The Norse
delves into the ancient ways of runesinging and fate-
weaving, still kept alive by a hidden few but usually
taught only to those willing to relive the All-Father's
sacrifice on the World Tree — a dangerous stunt not
many mages could survive. The ways of the runes are
harsh and unforgiving, but also powerful and brimming
with wisdom from the wells of fate.

Singing by Moonlight: European Shamanism looks
at the diverse practices of Celtic, Finnish, Germanic
and Slavic peoples: the shamanic songs, spells and

Wonders still remembered in epic and story, but rarely b "2
practiced by mages in this day and age. Some of these old a
ways still hold power and can be renewed by those " ry -

willing to put in the hard years of study and fieldwork. ary

The Lost Empire: Etruria uncovers the supernatu-
ral secrets of the Etruscans, the civilization that birthed
Rome but was later subsumed by it. The Ides of Februus
prologue told the tale of the unearthing of an elder
horror. This chapter reveals different perspectives on
that event, along with rotes, Wonders and creatures
once associated with Etruscan magic.

eal s THAT bie WAS L@sT... 11

Pein "ts ie alain! ‘|.
qe . i Bi



4 TENCE ais

FR TRE CEE TR OE TR MC TM Th

It was raining in Seattle and the natives were
happy. It had been a long, dry summer

thanks to global warming — and the city, used
tobeingconstantly washed clean, had begun to
take on a nasty funk: The alleys reeked of stale
piss and the whole arc of land around the

>»

Sound had developed a fishy odor.
Michael "Mutt" Eimut walked down Pike
Street with his leather backpack full to bursting.
He kept up a fast pace, his eyes scanning left and right for the
Kon-Tiki restaurant, where he was supposed to have been 10
minutes ago. When he found it, his forehead crinkled a bit. The
Kon-Tikilooked too forgotten tobe real, toohokey toexistin the
21* century. The arcing outrigger beam poked up from the front
of the A frame structure and curved upwards. From its carved tip
hung a cracked lamp that swung forlomly in the cold wind

Mutt thought he might have seen places like this before
—a lot of restaurants and hotels built in the early '60s tried
to take on a patina of mystery. They put thatching over the
shingles, added a few bamboo poles and gave everything an
exotic Polynesian feel in order to pander South Pacific
exoticism to Americans, for whom everything had been
rendered banal by the thoroughly sterilized Eisenhower era.

There was no street number, but Kon-Tiki was clearly
the place he was supposed to be. Mutt expected the dark,
carved-wood door to be locked, but it opened smoothly.

wa Than

Inside, Kon-Tiki was absolutely black. He considered the
possibility that he might be walking into a Technocracy trap,
and his stomach began to churn.

Mute was preparing to call a moon spirit to provide some
light when he heard a low, accented voice ask "What's your
name, be

"Uh... Mutt," replied the

"Good," said the voice, "

ung mage
‘You're the guy. I wasn't sure
You're early."

"I'm late, actually."

"You're less late than anyone else has been. That makes
you early."

In the middle of the vast, open space, a bonfire roared to
life in the center of a pool of placid water. In the firelight,
Mutt noticed the profusion of grotesque, carved wooden idols
staring at him from everywhere. Some were tall and free-
standing, others perched on poles, looking down at him.
Smaller ones rested on the dusty old chairs that hadn't seen
any use since Kon-Tiki closed down in 1973. He'd seen these
carved idols before, and they'd always seemed silly, a remnant
of particularly odd American taste. Now, however, in the
firelight, there was something powerfully creepy about them.

A figure sitting in front of the flaming fountain rose and
approached Mutt. The shadow offered its hand, and Mutt
shook it, which seemed somehow odd or falsely intimate,

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA 13


since the backlighting prevented Mutt from seeing the other
man's face.

"My name's Momana. Call me Mo."

"Sure," said Mutt, figuring it was a fake name anyway.
"So you can actually get me out of Seattle without getting
caught?"

"So how hot on your heels are the Techies?"

"A Man in Gray and some MIBs showed up yesterday
looking for me at my mom's place, but she told them I had
moved out and hadn't given hermy new address yet. They were
inclined to wait around, but our house, which | awakened, was
pretty hostile to them, so they said they'd be back later."

"Awakened your house, huh? Is that why they're on
you?"

Mutt's voice took on a hard edge when he answered.
"They're on me because I'm following the religious heritage
of my people, the Salish tribe, and they don't like it."

"No need to get hostile with me, kid; I've lived it over, and
over and over. That's why I help people in your shoes, yeah?
Speaking of which, we'd better start making some moves
toward getting you saved. You're sure you weren't followed?"

"I have a whole flock of raven spirits following me and
they haven't seen a thing, so no, I don't think so. And can I
see your face? Talking to you without seeing your face is
getting creepy."

"Sure. But you might find that creepy, too." Mo gestured
and a line of torches on poles flickered to life.

Mo's appearance startled Mutt, but he tried not to show
it. The older man had deep grooves carved into his face and
complex, spiraling tattoos that covered all of his exposed
head and most of his neck. He looked vaguely Asian, but not
quite, and the long hair briefly made Mutt think Mo might be
from another Native American tribe.

"Wow," said Mutt. "Nice tattoos."

"They're not tattoos," said the older man bluntly. "They're
moko. It's a Maori tribal tradition. The difference between a
tattoo and a moko is like the difference between a doodle and
a coat of arms: one is casual, the other is fundamental to the
wearer's family and spiritual life."

Mutt looked around. The carved wood of the tikis bore
amodest resemblance to the totem poles carved by his people
and, thought of in that light, seemed almost comforting. "Is
this the only place you could arrange to meet? It's kind of an
odd choice, don't you think?"

"Don't knock it. We're safer here than any other place in
Seattle."

"Why?"

"The tikis keep anyone from spying on us."

"These goofy old things?" said Mutt glancing at the big
carved idols. "Yeah, if the Technocracy is scared by bad taste.
These are just cheap knock offs anyway, right?"

"The cheesy ones that used to be here were. I made these
and brought them from Ao Te Aroa myself."

"Oh," said Mutt. "You made these?"
"Wow," said the young man, "That takesa lotofskookum."
"A lot of...? Oh, yeah, it does. But somebody has to do
this, right? Or else the world becomes a landscape of plastic
and glass and chrome for as far as the eye can see, and that's
not really my style."

"Mine either."

"So don't be knockin' Tiki. Maori tradition holds him in
exceedingly high reverence. He was the first man and the first
teacher. He taught the arts of magic to humanity and he still acts as
an intermediary between the world of spirit and the world of things.
And speaking of things, you got everything you're bringing"

"Yeah," said Mutt, glancing at his leather backpack.

"If you need to make a bathroom stop, you'd better take
care of it before we leave Kon-Tiki. We have to take my waka
—mycanoe—a long, long ways. On the ocean. Are you okay
with that? You don't get seasick or anything, right?"

Mutt laughed.

"I said something funny, huh?"

"T'm in a lot of trouble if I can't deal with a canoe trip."

"You're right, but why do you say that?"

"My totem is Ocean."

Mo nodded approvingly. "Good. That should make
things easier. Last guy I helped out this way, also a ‘Speaker
— city guy, yeah? — had Train as his totem. Guy was
unstoppable: Great in a fight, great at getting around on land,
but take him on the water he was useless."

"How'd that turn out?"

"Not so good, but we both lived. He had some other, uh,
allies he could call on ina pinch, and it's good because we saw
a lot of Tech action when we made a port call in San
Francisco."

"That where we're going?"

"Nope. Won't even be stopping there this time around.
Too dangerous these days."

"Then where are we going?"

"Beautiful, exotic Polynesia."

"Uh..." began Mutt. "That's pretty far, isn't it?"

Mo shrugged. "According to the Sphinx, it's exactly
where you need to be."

"You from there?"

"Yup."

"Dreamspeaker?"

"Nope."

Mutt had assumed that Mowasa Dreamspeakerlike him,
and that that was why the older man had contacted him about
leaving the city just when he needed it most. He found
himself growing suddenly suspicious of the tattooed man.

"What Trad you from?"

"I'm not. I'm a tohunga."

"What's that?"

"That's what they call amage in AoTe Aroa. So, if you're
all set, let's head down to the water then, yeah? No talking
after we leave Kon-Tiki or the Techies might pick us up. Once
we get a ways out to sea I'll give you the full spiel about where
we're taking you."

They slipped out the front door, Mo locked it and they
began the six-block hike through the rain to Puget Sound.
Mutt found himself growing sad.

The elaborate facial tattoos commonly worn by the
Maori of New Zealand, called moko or te-moko, represent
far more than just an urge to decorate the skin. Every
marking in te-moko represents the individual's standing'
within his tribe, sub-tribe and family. The marks of moko
show vocation and level of accomplishment as well as
genealogy. If a man is a warrior, a portion of his facial
markings represents that. Ifhe is atohunga (the Maori term
for a mage) he has a mark to show that as well. Not only
does the moko indicate its wearer's trade, separate marks
reveal how accomplished he is at what he does, revealing
ata glance if he is simply a man-at-arms or a battle-tested

pmmander or, for a tohunga, whether he is (to use
Tadition terms) an Initiate, an Adept or a Master.

Unlike the tattoos common in the western world,
moko aten't applied with néedles, but with a fine chisel
called an uhi, commonly made from greenstone (jade) of
albatross bone. In addition to its pigment, the uhi gener-
ally leaves deep grooves in the skin as well, granting the

ipient's face a slight resemblance to carved wood. This
isn't an accident. The Maori were (and still are) excellent
‘craftsmen and carvers, and they use the same decorative:
motifs with every medium they carve on, whether it be
wooden canoes, tikis, jade pendants or flesh.

‘The word formokocomesform the name of Ruaumoko,
the last (and unbom) child of Rangi, the Maori goddess 6
the earth. Ruaumoko is the god of earthquakes and!

olcanism and his name means "the trembling current
that scars the Earth." When the earth quakes, the Maori
ay that Ruaumoko is kicking his mother's belly again.
¢ Maori held that Ruaomoko, through his earthquakes
and volcanic activity, was responsible for the deep, un-
leven grooves they saw on the land and drew connections
between thescars lefton the earth by volcanicactivityand
the scars left by moko. Te-moko, consequently, links man
‘to the primal godsas well as to his ancestors and has deeply
‘spiritual connotations to the Maori.
While having a moko outside of Ao Te Aroa (Ni
aland) may present significant social repercussions,
any tohunga who does not get te-moko is at a profound
disadvantage; because he has given up his spiritual

may

cK

Wey rk Say ey Ye rif, ‘I \
Te;

a ge <P oe
eyibhig Gr tyitey

When they got to the water, Mo pointed out where his
canoe was hidden.

Seattle had been improving the waterfront fora while to
appeal to the city's rampant yuppie population; that luckily
included putting in a number of bushes. From behind a row of
bushes the two mages pulled a beautifully carved outrigger
canoe and carried it to the water.

Thetwogotinandstarted paddling. The canoeslicedcleanly
through the water, and it amazed Mutt how quickly it went.

Once they'd gotten well away from land, Mo said, "I'm
going to need to have you do a lot of the rowing. There will be
times when 'll be doing... things to getus there fasterand | might
be able to talk, but I'll need my hands free. You okay with that?

Mutt shrugged. "Sure. I can't believe you just left this
canoe there where anybody could find it."

"People don't pay attention to anything these days.
They're so used to being spoon-fed; if something isn't lit in
neon, or if it doesn't come at them from their TV screen or
computer monitor, they miss it. It's one of the pathetic
consequences of the current paradigm. We call them
unAwakened fora reason, right? Sure, somebody might have
found it, but it's only a canoe, right? One of hundreds up in
this area, and it's too big to steal easily, so they're not likely
tobother with it. It's notlike it flies or anything. Atleast," Mo
paused a moment, "not without me in it, it doesn't."

Mutt and Mo paddled for a while. Mo kept looking up at
the night sky, getting his bearings. When they were both
paddling and he knew they were going in the right direction,
Mo spoke again.

WHAT IS POLYNESIA?

"Youknow what | mean when I talk about Polynesia, right?"

"Uh, I don't know. It's like Hawaii, right?"

Mo sighed. "They don't really stress geography much in
schools these days, do they?"

Mutt shrugged. "Depends on the school, I guess."

"Polynesia is the name given to the various islands
throughout the South Pacific. Think of itasa triangle with its
points at Hawaii, Ao Te Aroa and Rapa Nui."

"Where? I have no idea where those last two places are."

"Oh, I guess the pakaha terms would make more sense to you.
Hawaii, New Zealand and, uh, what'sitcalled... EasterIsland. Or
La Isla de Pascua, as it's called by its new owners. Nothing really
Polynesian about Rapa Nui these days. All its original inhabitants
died out, but I'll be getting to that. You ready for your lecture?"

"Uh, I guess."

"You'd better be, yeah? That's where we're headed now."

"What?!"

"Yeah, unless you'd rather stay in Seattle."

"No, man, I really need to get out of town."

"Well, there it is then. So where was I? The first
Polynesians left southeast Asia and settled Tonga and Samoa

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA

about 1000 BCE. That was enough for a while, yeah? But
the fertility tikis did their job maybe just a little too well
and before long the populations of both of those islands
were straining the resources of the islands.

"These crazy voyages were made in double canoes,
joined together by a wide central platform to transport and
shelter people, taro roots, yams, chickens, dogs, drinking
water and food for the trip. They knew what they were
doing, yeah? And given that they were going against the
prevailing winds and ocean currents, it took a lot of
knowledge of seamanship and navigation and afairamount
of magic just to make it.

"So they got into their fancy canoes and they filled them
with chickens and taro root and sweet potatoes and all the
other food staples of the Polynesian peoples and launched
themselves onto the open ocean. With the people went the
kahunas, the mages who used spirits and magic to make the
journey a little faster and easier. Still, can you imagine giving
up the only island you'd ever known to golook for another that
might be 10, a hundred ora thousand miles away? In a canoe?

"From Tonga and Samoa they colonized Te Henua
Enata around 300 CE. A couple of centuries later another
wave of colonization took the Polynesians north to Hawaii
and southeast to Rapa Nui. The last portion of the
Polynesian diaspora took the Polynesians to Rarotonga
and Tahiti and environs around 600, and to Ao Te Aroa,
my island, around 800."

"Ao Te Aroa is New Zealand, right?"

"Yup. A lot of the islands are known by other, Euro-
pean names these days, but I refuse to use them because
they leave a bitter taste in my mouth.

"Once the Polynesians settled Ao Te Aroa, they were
the most widely spread people on the face of the planet,
effectively controlling an area roughly twice the size of the
continental United States."

"How do you know all this stuff?"

"Well, I've been around fora long time and I've kept my
eyes open the whole time, for one thing, yeah? And when I'm
Not running around making magic and saving the asses of
mages who've gotten themselves in trouble I'm a professor of
Polynesian culture at the University of Auckland. Nifty, huh?"

"Wow."

"It makes for an interesting life, I'll give it that. And
since I'm the professor, here's your first question: What's
the difference between a kahuna, a tuhuna and a tohunga?"

"I don't know what any of them are, so I have no idea
what the difference is between them."

"Okay, fair enough. They're all three different words for
thesame thing. A kahunaisa Hawaiian mage, atuhunaisa mage
from Te Henua Enata, and a tohunga is what | am, a mage from
AoTe Aroa. But it'sall the same thing. The words just shifted
linguistically a little between islands, that'sall. We all practice
hua, a very loose catch-all phrase for Polynesian magic."

Petar

Pian te


"Is there more than one word for the unAwakened?
Because if there are, and if it's important, I'm going to have
to start writing this stuff down."

"No, don't worry about it. There are different words, |
suppose from the different islands, but most of the mages know
just call them makaainani. That basically means ‘commoners.'""

HAWAII
(\X/ESTERN POLYNESIA)

"Polynesians from most of the islands speak of a home-
land to the west that they call Hawaiki. It takes on kind of a
legendary sheen ina lot of the stories that get told about it —
the great original homeland of the Polynesians — but it
basically ll refersto the same place: western Polynesia, which
comprises Tonga and the Samoas.

"While Hawaiki may have a certain panache among
Polynesians, the realities of the situation —as faras practitio-
ners of huna are concerned, anyway — are kind of pathetic.
The earliest Polynesians, those of Tonga and Samoa, didn't
have much skill with magic at all. They made do with a little
Correspondence to get where they were going and a few
minor agreements with spirits to help them out once they got
there. That was pretty much it. And that was back in the so-
called "good old days." Life in Tonga and Samoa must have
been too comfortable, or something, because they never got
much beyond that rudimentary level of magic.

"The last 200 years have further devastated Hawaiki, making
ita shadow even of its pathetic former self, and that's pretty sad,
because even at its mystical and cultural height it never was the
great and shining homeland that the legends made it out to be.

T@NGA

"The initial colonization of Tonga took place about 3000
years ago. Back then they were real hell-raisers. They initi-
ated the long, violent history of warring kahunas a long, long
time ago, although from what I've come to understand, their
magic was pretty lame and not particularly frightening. You're
probably a better mage than most of those early Tongans, and
you're only, what, 25? They spent so much time fighting,
though, that they just didn't have time to learn the principles
of magic in any depth. The ancient Tongans get a lot of
comparisons to the Vikings. War, to them, was a noble and
edifying pastime, while peace was a boring state best left to
women and children. As they expanded out from island to
island, they spread their violent approach to the world. At
their peak, the Tongans had extended their island empire so
faras to include Niue, Tokelau, Samoa and parts of Fiji. [twas
an impressive feat, particularly given their weak comprehen-
sion of huna. Still, I think they squandered so much energy
back then, and had so many of their greatest warriors killed off
that, over time, they lost a lot of their drive. There was a time
when they were fierce warriors, but over time all of their
movers and shakers either colonized other parts of Polynesia
or got themselves killed.

ae Lo a TE
; } {
isi i

"For centuries, the Tu'i Kanokupolu, a kind of high chief,
was the rulerofthe Tongans, and he led raidson otherislandsand
had a swarm of wives and got all kinds of other advantages, but
the power of Tonga started waningas soon asall the hot blooded
youngsters went off to colonize Te Enua Enata. After a while it
was pointless to be the Tu'i Kanokupolu because Tonga had lost
all its vigor and drive, but I'll get to that in a second.

"Modem Tongans confuse me. On one hand, they claim
to be aggressively independent, and they can prove it, because
they're the last island monarchy in Polynesia. Inall of Polynesia,
they're the only ones who refused to become a colony for
Europe. That's a big deal. On the other hand, they still did
everything they could to foreswear their Polynesian heritage in
favor of a European model. That goes double for anything
involving religion, yeah? Once the missionaries went to work
on them, they tossed out the old ways in under a generation.

"Given the weakness of their kahunas, it makes more sense,
1 guess. Tonga still has a small handful of old kahunas living on
some of its more remote islands, but they're mostly navigators
using Hedge Magic. So far as I can tell —and I could be wrong,
because I don'tspend much time in Hawaiki these days— Tonga
has only one fully Awakened mage, Salote Fua, and not only is
he a cranky old bastard, but he can't seem to do much magic
beyond the occasional simple apprentice's rote. Pathetic, yeah?

SAIIGA

"That said, Tonga still has the advantage over Samoa.
Only Rapa Nui is more patheticas the Polynesian world goes.
Missionaries did a real number on Samoa. More than any
other Polynesian people, the Samoans have tumed their
backs on their heritage and become Bible thumpers. And
poverty-stricken Bible thumpers at that. It's like a fuckin'
trailer park in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, yeah? Not to
mention they all reek of rancid coconut milk. It's disgusting.

"Two missionaries in particular, the aptly named Charles
Barff and his brother-in-dogma John Williams came onto the
island around 1830 and went berserk with the conversions.
They got hundreds and hundreds of Samoans to swear off the
old religion, but they weren't quite as effective as they needed
to be, poor guys. The pious Reverend Williams wound up as
the main course in a good old-fashioned Tongan barbeque,
and not a minute too soon, I say. Unfortunately, the damage
was done and, like heads on a hydra, more missionaries came
pouring in to take his place — pushy, self-righteous bastards
—and in time they had their way with the entire population
of Samoa, all however many islands of it. It's now known as
the Bible belt of the Pacific, and it has no, no practitioners of
huna. The irony here is that I think acluster of —whatdo they
call them? — Celestial Choristers has taken up residence on
Pago Pago, and that's it for Samoa's Awakened population.

"Okay, I don't want to talk about Hawaiki any more. It
depresses me. Let's get to the good stuff."

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA
a 2 :

EASTERN P@LYNES'
Té HENUA ENATA (ITIARQUESAS)

"You've heard of Marquesas, right?" asked Mo.

Mutt stopped to think about it fora moment. "Yeah, but
I don't know why."

"There wasa show on the television few years ago called
Survivor, yeah? They filmed it there."

"was studying with our medicine man rightaround then,"
said Mutt, "so I never saw it, but my sister talked about it a lot."

"The rightful Polynesian name is Te Henua Enata,
which means ‘The Land of Man.' This is where we can start
talking about the real tuhunas. Te Henua Enata is the central
jewel in the crown of Polynesian magic. When the early
Polynesians came east from Hawaiki, it was Te Henua Enata
that they found and colonized back in 300 CE.

"Technically, Te Henua Enata comprises two archipela-
gos, the north islands of Nuku Hiva (the modem capitol), Ua
Pou, and Ua Huka; and the southern islands of Hiva Oa,
Tahuata and Fatu Hiva. There are some other little islets that
poke up here and there along the archipelagos; they're rarely
inhabited, so they're good places for doing long rituals that
you don't want anyone finding you performing — just don't
do anything that causes the ocean to get mad, because they're
not far enough above sea level to provide you with much
protection. The people and cultures of both archipelagos are
the same, so they're appropriately lumped together.

"Te Henua Enata is where tattoos were first invested
with spiritual and magical abilities and where the tuhunas
started using tikis for more than just boosting fertility. There
was a flowering of interest in magic beyond the simple
shortcut techniques necessary to get them from A to B. As far
as I'm concemed, and I've studied this stuff for along time, Te
Henua Enata is the real birthplace of huna, the Polynesian
magical tradition. It was also one of the most savage, barbaric
and out of control places on the planet at the time.

"And their diet included at least one item that you don't
see much of these days."

Long Pig

"You know what long pig is, yeah?" asked Mo, a chuckle
in his voice.

"No."

"Iv'sa kind of meat. If you're ever offered any, | think you
may want to decline."

"What is it?"

"It's what they call human meat."

Mutt hesitated a moment before answering, "I think
you're bullshitting me."

"No, I'mnot, actually. The meat of the human animal tastes
vaguely like pork, and when it's skinned and roasting on a spit,
it looks vaguely like a long, skinny pig. Depending on who you
talk to, the tastiest bits are either the big, smooth muscle at the
base of the thumb or the little muscles in the face."

* roan
rage (ui i

"So was that sort of thing... common?" asked Mutt.

"Well," began Mo, "let me put it this way: There's a
theme of cannibalism running throughout the history of
Polynesia that's impossible to deny. Overpopulation makes
people more expendable, and the islands had a long history of
overpopulation — still do — thanks to the habitual use of
fertility tikis. Consequently, cannibalism and human sacri-
fice were both relatively common there. The prevalence of
cannibalism varied a lot from archipelago to archipelago. It
was pretty rare in Tahiti, for example, but rampant through-
out Te Henua Enata. Not infrequently, when the Polynesians
first met the early European explorers, they'd crouch down
beside them and squeeze their legs and pinch their butts as a
means of simultaneously insulting the pale newcomers and
assessing how substantial they might be to eat. One of the big
cases that got a lot of coverage in Europe involved a woman
named Anne Butchers, the girlfriend of the captain of a ship
called the Cumberland. They landed on Rarotonga in 1813
and they were hoping to convert some of the natives. Alas,
she got all uppity with an old and revered tuhuna and literally
threw a Bible at him, so the inhabitants of Rarotonga killed

"Fora while in the 18* century, European museums,
Hermetic mages and collectors of oddities developed a
strange fascination with the dried mokoed heads from Ao
Te Aroa. A few sailors brought one or two of the things
back and all of a sudden everybody had to have one just
to show how fabulously worldly they were, yeah? They
must have been powerfully drawn to the sheer exoticism'
‘or something, because they traded vast quantities of
goods, including guns and ammunition, to the Maori
people for them. The demand outstripped the supply.
pretty fast, yeah? But it wasso lucrative that Maori chiefs'
started killing their own slaves, applying te-moko to their
heads posthumously and then selling them to the Euro-
peans as the heads of powerful old chiefs.

"One Major-General Robley wrote a book about it
in 1896 called Traffic in Heads. The practice went on for
years until I think some law was introduced tdiétop the
import of body parts, or maybe imported tattooed heads

ust stopped being fashionable among the European'
istocracy. In any case, Europeans may have called the:
Maori savages, but they had quite a culture ofheadhunting'
‘of their own, yeah? Over the course of a few decades,
thousands of heads were shipped from Ao Te Aroa to
England and other European countries. Enough Maori
slaves were killed to make a significant dent in the
population, and that was at a time when the population
was already dropping due to exposure to the filth
pakaha's diseases. What I want to know is where all thos
mokoed heads are now and to what use they're being put.
didn't all wind up in museums,...


andate her. Her bones —at least the ones they think are hers
—are buried on a smaller island called Muri. It's been almost
200 years and the Europeans — those that know about it,
anyway — are still talking about that little incident. I guess
they didn't notice the welcome sign hanging from the palm
trees: Now entering Polynesia. Welcome to the food chain.

"All the Polynesians practiced cannibalism, especially
atoll islanders. Many of the Polynesian Islands, especially Te
Henua Enata and Rapa Nui had quite a history of cannibal-
ism, though for different reasons.

"fn Rapa Nui, food became scarce toward the end, and
cannibalism was a means of eking out the sparse supplies.

"In Te Henua Enata, however, where intertribal warfare
got particularly nasty, cannibalism was a cruel tactic with
which to bedevil your enemies while simultaneously appeasing
the gods. Any offering to the gods was called ika, which means
fish, and anyone from an opposing tribe could be used as ika.
Once caught, they would be hung upside down by hooks.
When they were needed, they'd be brought down and taken to
the execution blocks where the mu, the ritual assistant, would
bash their brains out with a giant ironwood club.

"The cannibalism of different individuals was performed
for different reasons. When women and children were eaten, it

Bhi ma

AAA Raney Re TY
| Aas

seems to have been just for food, unless they were kahunas, in
which case their skulls were considered particularly precious.
Kahunas and warriors killed in battle were eaten to absorb their
power. Throughout Polynesia, the head was thought to be the
pooling place for mana, spiritual power, Quintessence, what
have you, and tattooed heads even more so, so the skulls of the
vanquished were kept for that reason. The more skulls or heads
you had, the more power you had to draw on. In Ao Te Aroa,
kahunas would create whole Quintessence batteries made of
dried mokoed heads; they're called mokomai.

"But, yeah, to get back to the topic at hand, cannibalism
was a big deal in the South Seas. Throughout Polynesia, there
was no worse insult than to eat a member of your enemy's
family. The popular bragging protocol afterwards was to loudly
announce to your enemy that you were picking his son,
daughter, wife or whatever from between your teeth. Of course,
that kind of blatant behavior just begged for retribution, so six
months later, it would be the opponent who would be picking
his teeth. Kahunas in particular were notorious for those kinds
of high jinks. It takes a lot of understanding to perform magic;
it's a shame it doesn't require a little tact or couth as well."

"So, have you ever eaten anybody?" Mutt teased, smiling.

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS; POLYNESIA
ey For
Ty SARA Ua GAR

Riss "Fi
}


"We're not talking about me rightnow," said Mo. "We're
talking about the history of Polynesia. I'm trying to tell you
something about the place you're going. You might want to
pay attention."

"Before the pakahas, the Europeans, showed up, the
population of Te Henua Enata lingered right around 50,000,
and the perfect climate allowed the people a lot of spare time
toget into trouble, so they were constantly fighting, cannibal-
izing one another, getting extensive tattoos and delving into
the mysteries of huna. It was here that Polynesians really
learned magic. Unsurprisingly, it was also here that the
kahuna wars saw their most violent conflicts. Long before the
arrival of the Europeans, there were three additional islands
in between the north and south islands— Ua Vonata, Ua Poa
and Oroa Hiva— but all three of those islands were, over the
course of the kahuna wars, destroyed or otherwise made to
disappear. Ua Vonata was blasted off the planet by the
volcano beneath it, Ua Poa sank beneath the waves over the
course of a few days and Oroa Hiva, which had the largest
tuhuna population in all of Polynesia, just disappeared one
night and nobody has any idea what happened to it. It
wouldn't surprise me if it had been turned into a Horizon
Realm of some sort, frankly, but that's just speculation on my
part. I think that, in part, because if it had been destroyed,
somebody would have been crowing about it.

THE KAHUNA \X/ARS

"Yeah, let there be no doubt, between around 700 CE
and 1400 CE, the various tuhunas, kahunas and tohungas of
Polynesia ruled this part of the world and went a little crazy
in pursuing their various egocentric agendas. I've spent a lot
of time using various Arts to go back and experience what
happened, and the degree of violent, vulgar, outrageous
magic that was being tossed around was phenomenal. The
Enatan tuhunas in particular were just crazy, man; they liked
their long pig, they liked their tattoos and they loved big,
violent conflict. It was a rich and tumultuous period for the
South Seas mages, and probably not one that most folks
would really want to bring back, ro be perfectly honest.

"Te Henua Enata is where everything kicked off. A
couple of tuhunas got into a squabble over who was more
qualified to perform a tatu ritual for the chief's son, and they
began fighting with magic. It wasn't long before the chief told
them to take their magical duel away from where bystanders
could get hurt, so they took their battle out onto the open
ocean. It was crazy, it was violent, it was huge, but one of them.
finally submitted, amazingly enough, without dying. That
was the only time that happened; most wars between kahunas
went on for decades and ended only when one or the other
met a messy end. Both of them developed a taste for large-
scale magical combat after that, however, and they both
started fights with other mages not long after. It was only a
year or so before tuhunas and kahunas were tossing tsunamis,
lava and thunderbolts at each other with a certain regularity.

20

"I sometimes wonder if that last wave of Polynesian
colonization mighthave been driven by people wanting to get
away from the main battleground of the kahunas.

"The big fights took place around Te Henua Enata and
the Hawaiian Islands, but Tahiti, Rapa Nui and Ao Te Aroa
occasionally got drawn in.

"Do you ever get the feeling that you were born too late?
Every time I think about kahuna wars, | do.

"Even to this day, the natives of Te Henua Enata remain
among the least Europeanized of all the Polynesians. There
are Christian churches, but organized religion has yet to really
be accepted here the way it has in other places, and it damn
sure hasn't been sucked up the way it was in Samoa. And the
tuhunas of Te Henua Enata are still among the finest in
Polynesia. It was here that the tiki first became the wide-
spread staple of Polynesian magic that it is. The Enatan
artisans are superb — almost as good as those of Ao Te Aroa.

FATU HIVA

"The tuhunas of Te Henua Enata are scattered through-
out all of the islands, but there's actually a cluster of them on
Fatu Hiva. And, better yet, they're notat each other's throats,
although they got a little riled up in the late '80s. If you want
powerful tikis, kid, Faru Hiva's the place to go, but you might
have to work to get there. Not only does the island not have
alanding strip, butit's not easily accessed by boat, so the banal
modern world hasn'tdonea very good job of moving in on the
territory yet. Frankly, given the shrewdness shown by the
Enatans and the utter backwater nature of the island, I
wonder if it's even a blip on the Tech boys' screen.

"Huna's not the only old tradition they practice, though,
if you know what | mean, so if you wind up on Fatu Hiva and
somebody starts looking at you a little hungry, you might want
toleave, yeah?Nosense in losing your head while on vacation."

Mo laughed and Mutt followed his lead, but inwardly
Mutt was starting to think that Mo was much too fascinated
by cannibalism for his comfort. He channeled his nervous-
ness into paddling. When he looked down at the moonlit
water, it astonished him to see how fast the canoe was going.

HAWAII

"After Te Henua Enata, though, Hawaii is definitely the
liveliest of the Polynesian islands — from a magical perspec-
tive, anyway.

"The Hawaiian archipelago originally comprised nine
big, wild and powerful islands, one of which, Molokini, was
essentially lost in the kahuna wars, although you can still see
the very tip of it sticking up out of the water. To this day
Hawaii remains one of the main movers and shakers in the
Polynesian world. After the Enatans, the Hawaiian kahunas
were probably the most skilled and enlightened in Polynesia.
The magic of the ocean, spirits and war were their specialty.
Hawaiian kahunas did not pull their punches. They're the

l
,

mba

ones who came up with a bunch of the nastier war magic —
guided fireballs, death prayers and the like.

"The islands held a lot of people, and a lot of them
studied huna to one degree or another. At its peak, Hawaii's
population was around 500,000.

"And it all crumbled in the face of contact with the filthy
Europeans, who introduced, as a matter of course, measles, influ-
enza, tuberculosis, dysentery, smallpox, typhus, typhoid and worse.

"All of the Polynesian islands pretty much follow a similar
pattern, and if youremember nothing else from this trip, let this
stick in your head: The islands were violent places where
kahunas held a lot of sway, probably too much sway. Life may
not always have been stable, but it was good, and family and
tribe were the focal point of life. When the Europeans showed
up, they brought diseases with them that decimated the popu-
lation of every island they landed on. Polynesian women didn't
have the same uptight Christian approach to sex as their
European counterparts, so they were willing partners for the
sailors on the ships, who infected them with syphilis and
gonorrhea for their kindness. The population implosion ener-
vated the islanders, and made them relatively pliable for the
pushy, tyrannical missionaries who vilified their priests and
reviled theirsacred traditions. Missionariesshot kahunas, bumed
tikis, razed temples, banned tattooing and forced their lame-
ass, white-man's religion on the dispirited Polynesians, leaving
a once proud people a shadow of its former self."

Mutt could not see the look on Mo's face, but he could
hear the anger in his voice.

"But," continued Mo, "you're an American Indian, so
I'm not telling you anything about the sneaky, land-greedy
Europeans that you didn't already know.

"The population collapse robbed the Polynesian mages
of their followers and the arrival of the Europeans fundamen-
tally altered the mindset of the people, which interfered with
the performance of magic. The kahunas were far better at war
magic than healing magic, unfortunately. They could make
volcanoes erupt, raise or sink whole islands, but nothing in
their repertoire — most of them, anyway — could cure these
strange and lethal new diseases.

"Within a hundred years of the first European contact,
Hawaii's population had literally been decimated. At the
turn of the 20" century there were only around 45,000 native
Hawaiians left on the entire Hawaiian archipelago.

"And, again, the missionaries pulled no punches at
turning the people against the kahunas and their old magical
ways. Christianity spread almost as fast as the syphilis the
Europeans brought with them. Maybe the Hawaiians had
grown tired of the constant wars of the kahunas by then and
were fed up with being bystanders and sacrifices as the
kahunas got in their vast, violent squabbles.

"Once the direction things were going became clear, the
local mages started taking action. The kahunas sank several
European ships — the Lassiter, the Vandergroot, the White

ra ‘ ‘ vfs Ms ‘vt Sra Yr

vr
ae |

}
I

Tae eee |

Rook. They all met their ends by magical means, but it was too
little, too late. The kahunas sacrificed a number of Europeans
— overly intrepid sailors and missionaries for the most part —
and made a little headway, but, again, it was too little, too late.
Once word reached Europe of the exotic tattooed heathens of
the South Seas, there was no stopping the influx of the curious,
the greedy and the obsessed. The Europeans kept coming and
as they came, the paradigm ossified, smacking the kahunas with
Paradox. Since those feisty Polynesian mages were used to
making things happen on a big scale, the scale of their Paradox
was devastating as well. More kahunas fell before Paradox than
fell before the direct actions of Technocrats. Mind you, com-
pared to what we think of as Paradox today, it was nothing, but
even then lifting islands out of the ocean and dropping them
on the heads of your enemies was vulgar as hell, yeah?

"One of the most notorious Void Seekers was Captain
James Cook, defiler of Polynesia. Cook was an accomplished
explorer and diehard Technocrat, but he met his match at the
hands of a couple of Hawaiian kahunas — Pokualani, ‘the
Witch of Molokai'; and Kaleokaluhiva, "the Soul-Claimer,"
in 1779, Europeans made a big deal out of his ‘tragic, un-
timely' death, but from a Polynesian standpoint, the only sad
thing about Cook's death is that it was so long in coming. On
the bright side, he was such a scourge to the Polynesians that
he actually succeeded at the impossible: He got two kahunas,
bitter rivals at that, to work together to take him out."

"Damn," said Mutt, "You sound really bitter toward this
Cook guy."

"You're right. I am," said the tattooed tohunga, "but |
have good reason. He and his men killed the first tohunga I
studied huna with in Ao Te Aroa."

"Now you are bullshitting me. That had to have been..."
It took a second for Mutt to put two and two together, but
when it dawned on him, he just said "Oh," and fell silent. Ir
suddenly made sense to him why Mo knew so much.

"Fora while in Hawaii there was a group of kahunas, and
sort of still is, I guess, who tried to be like close neighbors or
family, yeah? They called themselves the Kopa Loei, but it
didn't work out all that well for a number of reasons. Fore-
most, kahunas, by their very nature, are better suited to talking
to gods and spirits than to each other. There's something in
the kahuna ego that doesn't want to be upstaged, yeah? So a
bunch of Hawaiian kahunas started trading notes and seeing
what might come of joint cooperation and they got results,
but not good ones. Last I heard, they called too much
attention to themselves and buckled under the pressure of a
new crusade by the Tupua Nui, what they called the Tech-
. The year 2000 was a bad year to be a kahuna in
. A few of them, the more obvious ones, the ones who
can't tone down their volcanic tempers, were hunted down.
It scared a lot of people. Most of them just dropped out of the
Kopa Loei movement and still practice their magic asa quiet,
personal thing. Some of them just moved to another island,
where the Technocracy wasn't so aggressive. And, lastly,

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA 21
7e .
wi

ee

is

re Gee

a

v4,
an ee". *

those strangely pro-social kahunas who couldn't part with the
idea of working in tandem with others, forged an alliance of
sorts with formal Tradition mages — your tradition, the
Dreamspeakers. You can still finda lot of them here, and they
still call themselves the Kopa Loei, but if you fall for the line
thar they represent all Polynesian kahunas, tuhunas and
tohungas, you're in for a rude awakening when you start
dealing with some of those old badass tuhunas on Enata.
"On the bright side, the Hawaiians have recovered pretty
well. Their islands are still used as getaways and tourist traps by
haoles, but they've also done pretty good job of declaring large
chunks of the islands, officially or unofficially, off-limits to
whites. Wander onto the wrong road on the wrong island and
even today you can still wind up as a sacrifice to Pele. Great
people, the Hawaiians. You gotta love that kind of spirit, yeah?

RAR@T@NGA (Co@ek ISLANDS)

"You remember when I was telling you about Tonga that
they had some pretty good Correspondence magic, yeah?
Well it was Rarotonga that took that and ran with it.
Rarotonga has the best seafarers and more Correspondence
Masters than any other island in Polynesia.

"The two big islands on this archipelago are Rarotonga
and Rakahanga, but there are 15 islands total, six of which are
atolls. You got that?"

Muttsighed. "I guess so. If I'd known this was going to be
a geography lesson, I would have brought pen and paper.
What is an atoll, anyway?"

Volcanic Islands, Atolls and Coral Islands

"Ah," said Mo, "I'm glad youasked. So, you have three kinds
of things that stick up out of the ocean, yeah? Volcanic islands,
atolls and coral islands. You know whata volcanic island is. An
atoll is formed when coral forms ina ring around the underwater
slopes of a volcanic island and growsaround the island even after
the volcanic island itself has eroded away. A coral island is what
happens when the coral fills in the ring of an atoll and becomes
asolid mass. A lot of times islands will just sink under the waves
due to earthquakes or subsidence in the ocean floor, yeah? But as
longas the coral can get sunlight, itcan keep growing and create
islands on its own. And while coral doesn't grow quickly, it
generally grows more quickly than the sea floor subsides.

"Coral islands also happen from time to time when tohungas
need an island to call their own. They appeal to the coral spirits,
or just make the coral grow and boom, instant island. Nothing
really grows on these islands, because there's no soil, but, hey, if
youjust needa place topark yoursanctum, it worksfine. Better yet,
there's no volcano to worry about and if the oceans start to rise or
an earthquake lowers the sea floor, you just make more island.

TAHITI (S@CIETY ISLANDS)
"Tahiti is just the largest of the nine islands on the archi-
pelago; the other well-known island in the chain is Bora Bora.
"Tahiti suffered the same indignitiesas the other islands, but
it was pretty low-key before the Europeans showed up and it

£19 fa a nay

remains so to the present day. The Tahitians never were quite as
out of control as residents of Hawaii or Te Henua Enata.
Cannibalism was never big there and the kahunas were always a
little more focused on keeping their islands in balance — by
staying in harmony with spirits and keeping the mana flowing
well — than in kicking each other's asses. A lot of the Tahitian
kahunas joined in with the Dreamspeakers even before the Kopa
Loeidid, andl think Tahitiisstillapopularplace for Dreamspeakers
to go to learn about a different approach to shamanism. That's
kind of where I expect you to wind up, frankly.

"France upseta lot of the Tahitian kahunas by detonating
nuclear weapons on the atolls of Moruroa and Fangataufa. I'm
not sure what the pointof that was. Were they acting on their
own, or were they pawns? Were they threatening the kahunas?
Wiping out a powerful Node? Getting rid of some potent
enemy? I'm still not sure. The upshot, though, was that the
people of French Polynesia were pissed off. It struck a nerve
and reinvigorated the drive for independence from France,
which is a good thing as far as I'm concerned.

"The locals are now making the return to traditional
Polynesian culture a priority, and the kahunas are clearly
benefiting from that: tikis and tattoos have gone from being
banned to being all the rage, and while it's nota lot, it's more
to work with than they had a century ago.

TOKELAU

"Located vaguely between Samoaand AoTe Aroa, Tokelau
is three large atolls and a bunch of islands, around 120 of them,
loosely affiliated by language and culture. Like Samoa, Tokelau
has been infested with Christians, but outside of the religious
aspects of life, Tokelau is about as purely Polynesian as you can
get, and, believe me, the farther from the main islands you get,
the less Christian the populace becomes. On the tiny islandson
the outskirts of Tokelau, some no bigger than football fields,
the old Polynesian ways are still observed, and there are a few
wily old kahunas practicing magic on their island sancta,
undisturbed by the pious sheep of the main islands— and a lot
of the magic they practice is pretty dark.

"Outside of that, there's not a lot to say about Tokelau.
It gets no tourists, has no airport, no harbor, no cars, no guns
and no interest in joining the modern world. Its population is
miniscule and it doesn't offer enough for the rest of the world
to swoop in and get a better grip.

"If1 were looking fora place to lay low, I'd probably head
there. Or, better yet, to Tuvalu, but Tuvalu is just a little too
far off the beaten path. I'd die of boredom. If that's where we
have to take you to get you to safety, though, we will. Take a
book and have some means of purifying your water, because
running water is just a myth here.

"If you do make it to Tokelau, though, I wouldn't go
looking for the other mages if | were you.

Spirits of the Oceanic Voids

"This pabulum that tourism companies are trying to sell
you, this image of Polynesia as a little bit of paradise, is

i

r


and lockstep conformity are all specters that
underlie the lives of modern
Polynesians. Spiritually, how-
ever, there are some old
Polynesian gods and
taniwhas — "demons"
—slumberingin the wa-
ter between
islands (or on
sunken islands)
whom we would be
better off not wak-
ing up. Oddly
enough, their wor-
shippers seem to be
fond of Tokelau.
"A few of the
tikis around the is-
lands really are idols,
unfortunately, and most of
them are to these darker spirits
—Toru, the god of thechasms 77
of the deep ocean; the tipua,
the demons that can assume
any shape at will; Ratu-Mai-M'bula,
thesnake devil whode-
voursislands from their
roots up; Honoyeta, the
plague-god; Miru, the de-
mon-goddess who makes men.
drunk and then con-
sumes them;
Kahoali, the god
who rewards
human sacri-
fice; Auraka,
theall-devour-
ing; Kukulau,
the goddess of
lies, her sister
Arohirohi, the
goddess of mirages
(and the bane of
navigators). So if you
find a strange tiki
and you're not sure
whatitis, unless you're
really good at identify-
ing such things, I'd say
don't touch it. Especially
if you're around Tokelau.

1a
dk

bullshit, yeah? In a mundane vein, overcrowding, poverty,
radiation poisoning, rising seas, soulless culture-pandering _ present in Polynesiaas they are in the rest of the world. Those

th

a
‘

"And don't think that the Nephandi aren't just as

gods I just mentioned? Some of them have
Nephandic cults devoted to their return,
and more than a few Sunday
Christianson Tokelauand Tonga
have been known to go to
some of the old places on
the islands late at night
and pay homage to other,
less human, gods.
"Butlet'schange
the subject. [t's time
to talk about my
7 home island.

A@ TEAR@A
(New
ZEALAND)
"AoTeAroameans
‘Landofthe Long White
Cloud.' Beautiful, yeah?
I love it. I'm not crazy about
what the Europeans have done
withit, but, frankly, itcould have
been much worse.

"Ao Te Aroa comprises two big
islands, the north island, with its
live volcano, and the south island.
Ao Te Aroa is ancient, but full of mana
still, and of all the Polynesian
Islands, it was settled the
most recently. Volcanism
keeps the mountains high and the
land young. The crust hasn't
even fully cooled
and you can see
thegeysersand
soak in the
hot springs if
you like. Ao
Te Aroa was
part of

Gondwanaland mil-
lions of years ago, and it's
been around since
then. The first
Maori people
only — settled
there about 800
years ago, and
we've been

AD
t
5

i

careful with the mana. There are many, many Nodes left in
Ao Te Aroa that haven't been touched yet by the pakehas
(that means foreigners, not unlike the Hawaiian term haole).

"The people are just as primal. The first attempted
landing by pakehas was made in 1642 by Abel Tasman, the guy
Tasmania is named after. He tried to land, but the Maori
natives caught and ate several members of his crew, convinc-
ing him to beat a hasty retreat. Go us, yeah?

"It didn't last, though, and the damned Brits started
settling in like we'd invited them. Our tohungas caught them
by surprise by using magic, which resulted in their calling in
the Technocracy and things just got ugly. Suffice it to say that
a lot of blood was shed on both sides.

"We were losing ground until the mid-'70s, but Maori
tribes are pretty tightly connected and we've learned some
good techniques for dealing with the damned pakehas —
threatening to blow up the New Zealand parliament, for one.

"So these days, Ao Te Aroais one of the few places where
the native people are actually making headway."

Mutt was trying to remember all the facts that Mo was
presenting him with. "But what about your magical history?
What about the culture and legends? Is it surviving all this
warfare or are you just becoming like the people you're fighting"

"You want legends and myths? We have lots of them, and
they're being taught in the schools. Our language is an official
language of New Zealand, too. You like stories? How about a
Maui story, yeah? Mauiis the epitome of the Polynesian hero; his
stories are told from Samoa to Hawaii — where they named a
whole island after him—to Ao Te Aroa. This isthe story ofhow
Maui died. One day, the great fisherman Maui decided to
‘overcome death forall the human race, sohe found Hine-nui-to-
po, the Great Woman of the Night. She was a death goddess,
yeah? Somehow he got the idea that ifhe were able to crawl back
into the womb of the death goddess, that he would conquer
death. So he waited until she was sleeping, transformed himself
intoa lizard, and crawled up between her legs and inside her. He
was almost to her womb when she woke up. She clenched her
muscles and crushed him to death, and Maui's long career of
heroics came to a bizarre end, and that's why humans die now.
How's that? You like that? I got a million of them, yeah?"

"Hey," said Mutt, "Isn't that an island up there?"

"Yeah, I know, we're almost there, but there's one other
key island that I should mention, if only to give you the
opportunity to learn from their abundant mistakes.

KaprTl ISLAND

"My people, the Maori, are lucky to have in their keeping
one of the most powerful Nodes in the southern hemisphere. It's
off the coast of Ao Te Aroa, but not too far, and it is one of the
few successstories in the conflict against modern banality and the
desecration of sacred places. That place is called Kapiti Island.

"Shortly after settling the mainland of Ao Te Aroa, Kapiti
was settled by two Maori tribes, the Muaupoko and the Ngati
kahungunu who cared for the Node and even shared it occasion-

ally with shapechangers, notably lizard-changers and occasion-
ally even Rokea or wolf-changers down from Australia.

"Everything was fine, more or less, until the early 19%
century, when everybody just started getting a little our of
control. Both tribes, which had been getting along for nigh on
700 years, started fighting, the lizard changers went missing, the
wolf changers stopped coming down from Australiaentirely,and
all the magic done on Kapiti started to get tinged with a
resonance that | can only describe as weird or unwholesome.

"Fora while things got ugly. Whalers set up bases there for
awhile, and later the Node had to be hidden from the Europeans
who started clearing the island for, of all things, farming. A good
three quarters of the island was cleared, but a number of tohungas
got together and did some nasty tricks with moving the mana of
the island around and preventing their crops from growing.

"We thought we were in the clear when they decided to
give up farming. But then they decided that if it wasn't good
for farming, it must be good for trapping, but there weren'tany
animals worth trapping, so they introduced Australian bush-
tailed possums to the island, and they took to the place like
they owned it. The energy got worse.

"The tohungas decided to take matters into their own
hands, and through the judicious use of dream magic and
sorcerous tikis, we convinced the political powers that be to
make the island a nature preserve.

"Tt gets better: In 1949, a law was passed requiring a
permit to set foot on Kapiti. In 1975, the Maori people started
working very effectively at gaining more control over our
native lands, and we've made a lot of progress. The Technoc-
racy has been trying to get at the Node on Kapiti for over a
century now, but the Maori people have established enor-
mous legal roadblocks for them and the tohungas have warded
the Node very effectively with some potent tikis.

"And since about 1999, when everything else in the
world went haywire, the energy of the island has finally
straightened out. I'm not sure what that means, but it's made
tending the island easier, and we've even seen some of the
lizard-changers on the island again.

"If you ask me, that just goes to show what can happen if
you put yourself in the hands of a few good Maori tohungas!

THE TRAGEDY @F RAPA NUI
(Easter ISLAND)

"I don't even like talking about it, but one of the cultural
jewels in the Polynesian chain, the island where magic was
mosta partof the culture, the island where mages were the most
influential in the culture at large, collapsed under the weight of
its own warring kahunas. The story is more about the pathetic
egos of a few idiot mages than anything else—that and the toll
taken by that kind of egoism on everyone involved.

"Never heard of Rapa Nui? You have, you just don't
know it. The island has taken on a lot of other names in its
time. You probably know it as Easter Island, although its

ee

proper name these days, according to Chile, the country that
claims sovereignty over it, is the Isla de Pascua.

"Now, bear in mind that Rapa Nui isovera thousand miles
away from the next piece of habitable island and 2000 miles
away from the nearest mainland, which is Chile. A number of
canoes set sail from central Polynesia, mostly Hawaii and Te
Henua Enata; again, I think they were trying to escape the
kahuna wars. When the Polynesians landed, they discovered
that the climate wasn't nearly as nurturing as that of most of
Polynesia. Of all the crops that had fed the Polynesians
throughout their island hopping, only one, the sweet potato,
would grow on Rapa Nui, probably because the sweet potato
wasnative to South America. So they started off compromised.

"Of course, they had their fertility tikis with them, so the
island population grew by leapsand bounds. The island reached
its population peak of 10,000 or so right around 1550, not long
before the Europeans showed up. But back then, their kahunas
were a big deal. They promised to protect the people from the
"bad kahunas" they had just escaped, and the people, in turn,
promised to serve the kahunas, and the secrets of magic were
handed down very carefully based on reasons that had more to
do with politics than magical talent or enlightenment.

"The makaainani, or commoners, followed their favorite
kahunas like modem sports enthusiasts follow their favorite
football or cricket players. Only unlike modern days, back
then they served their kahunas like groupies, not because they
were forced to, but because they wanted to please the kahunas.
They saw where the power was and they wanted to side with
the most powerful kahuna. For their part, the kahunas were
invested in creating the biggest spectacle, the biggest demon-
stration of their magical abilities to impress their followers.

"And it worked. The kahunas were the monarchs of Rapa
Nui, and they had quite a deal going for themselves. And not
wanting to get pulled into the kahuna wars of Central Polynesia
anymore, they decided to ward the island with extremely powerful
tikis to keep other kahunas from seeing what they'd pulled off.

"The kahunas on Rapa Nui were obsessive specialists in
enormous tikis, and they created the largest and most power-
ful tikison the planet, the moai, to inhibit the Correspondence
Effects that other mages might use to get to Rapa Nui. What
they had going was, in fact, a competition to see who could
create more, bigger and better tikis.

"So, the kahunas were tossing around vast quantities of
mana, yeah? And they were making these enormous moai, but
then they demanded that the makaainani take them to theirstone
platforms around the island. Personally, I think that the kahunas
were just so used to tossing around magic that they didn't giveany
consideration to what they were asking the commoners to do.

"But the commoners took it in stride, and they founda way
to get those moai to their platforms: They used rollers made of
logs. That part was pretty clever; it's hard to move enormous
stone monoliths, afterall. The part that wasn't clever is the fact
that they used every single tree on the island as a roller.
Without trees, the soil had no cover and the rich volcanic soil

yr

"Wee YES My

ye

uy?
she
n

s

got washed away into the ocean. Without trees, they couldn't
build houses. Without trees they couldn't build canoes to goget
more trees, or seeds or anything. Remember, Rapa Nui is over
a thousand miles away from anywhere. And while that didn't
stop them when they had canoes — they made 2000 mile trips
back and forth to the South American mainland, after all —
there wasn't a lot they could do without using the canoe.

"For their part, the kahunas proved themselves to be
utterly worthless. With all the anti-Correspondence moai up,
there was no way they could use magic to leave the island to
get more trees, at least not without destroying every one of the
thousand or so moai they'd spent the last few centuries
creating. Essentially, while the Rapa Nuians were great at
making tikis, getting them to do something to save them-
selves was a lost cause. They tried ordering — ordering —
spirits to bring back trees or tree spirits to the island, and that
only resulted in what amounts to warfare between the physi-
cal and spiritual world. The kahunas began performing
increasingly desperate and ugly magic — human sacrifice,
appeals to demons, that kind of thing — and then suddenly
the kahunas were all gone. Vanished. The rongorongo tablets
I found in the spirit world don't give any indication of what
happened to them. I've tried seeing for myself what happened
again and again, but the moai put off such a powerful blocking
aura that | can't see anything. Someone more powerful than
I might be able to figure out what happened, but I've no idea.

"Anyway, once the kahunas were gone, the makaainani were
really fucked. They had no trees, their soil was so depleted it
could no longer grow even sweet potatoes, they were overpopu-
lated, and nobody alive knew magic beyond a few very minor
Hedge Magic Effects. But the followers of the respective kahunas
stillwouldn'tgive up serving their former masters, just in case they
came back. So the followers of one mage would tip over the moai
of their opponents. And then it was reciprocated. And then the
first groups, cranky and hungry, would capture and eat someone
from the opposing team. And it degenerated from there. Even-
tually, all the moai were knocked over and cannibalism brought
the population down to a more manageable level.

"Things might, might have come back given a few en-
lightened souls anda few generations, but then the Europeans
showed up with their guns and Bibles. Worse, these were
Spaniards, and they were all about slaving, so they took the
strongest remaining Rapa Nuians to serve as slaves on the
mainland. And then the missionaries showed up and started
"civilizing" the survivors. At that point there were, at most,
a few hundred surviving Rapa Nuians. And, again, they were
in such pathetic shape by then that they swallowed the
bullshit fed to them by the missionaries and anything that
hadn't been toppled was, and anything that hadn't been
destroyed was, including the tablets that contained the one
written language developed by the Polynesian people. The
script was called rongorongo, and there are places in the world
of spirits where echoes of some of the tablets can still be found,
and that's how I know as much as I do about Rapa Nui. I don't

SAD ISLANDS

IN STRANGE SEAS: P@LYNESIA
ae a) ¢
ary
dsaly

rye
he

believe there's anyone on the island with the blood of the
original Rapa Nuians flowing in their veins these days, and
while it's a tragedy, I sometimes think it might just be best to
forget that Polynesians ever settled the island at all.

"And that," said Mo, "is the story of Polynesia. Or as
much of it as you need to know right now since we're at our
destination."

"We're there already?"
"You must be a better paddler than you thought, yeah?"
"Whar island is it?"

"What island do you want it to be?" asked the wily old
tohunga.

RULES

victory, the last organized Craft of mages in
@ Polynesia, the Kopa Loei, opted to throw their
lot in with the Dreamspeaker Tradition after
holding out for centuries.

Huna (a very generic, all-encompassing
term for the trans-Polynesian magical tradi-
tion) is now practiced predominantly by
unaligned kahunas, tuhunas and tohungas (the
Hawaiian, Marquesan and Maori terms for a mage, respec-
tively) performing their Arts privately on deserted island
sancta free from Technocratic sway.

These cunning mages have a colorful and violent his-
tory. The tribal nature of the Polynesian Islands led to a
pronounced tendency for different tribes to clash — Tahitian
against Hawaiian, Samoan against Fijian and soon. One does
not live so closely with volcanoes and the primal ocean and
remain unshaped by those forces.

The mages of Polynesia, with a greater ability both to
travel and to fight than their unAwakened kin, clashed
frequently and violently during the battles of the great
kahunas from around the year 1100 until 1500, making
frequent use of powerful battle magic and, of course, the
ubiquitous tikis.

The kahunas and tohungas of Polynesia follow a system of
magic that loosely corresponds to the Sphere system used by
the Traditions:

Ahi (Forces)

Akua (Spirit)

Atea (Correspondence)

Hau (Life)

Mana (Prime)

Manawa (Time)

Mea (Matter)

Neoneo (Entropy)

No'ono'o (Mind)

The followers of Huna have taken the mystical prin-
ciples above and created some devastating (and some merely
annoying) battle magics and Wonders, which we present
here for the reader's edification.

RoTES

"AHIU NALU(R@GUE WAVE)

[ee ENTROPY, © FORCES OR ¢¢e ENTROPY
@R © © CORRESPONDENCE, # © ITIATTER, ¢¢ PRITE]

Battles between kahunas were common in the high age of
Polynesian magic, and these often took place on the ocean.
A common tactic in these battles was to summon a rogue
wave to knock an opponent out of his boat (or off his feet, if
he was standing near, in or on the water). Polynesian mages
used rogue waves primarily as distractions or harrying tactics.

System: The wave summoned is three feet high plus one
additional foot for each success on the Arete roll. If the target
sees the wave coming, he can roll Dexterity + Dodge at a
difficulty of 8 to get out of the way; if he doesn't see it, he can
roll Stamina + Survival to avoid being knocked over. A wave
will stun its target momentarily and knock him into the
water, but little more than that. A wave six feet or higher will
cause one level of bashing damage to the target.

Since the Rogue Wave was such a common tactic, there
were several ways of creating the Effect. The mage could tamper
with probability a little (with Entropy ©) and augment the
resultant wave (with Forces ¢), tamper with probability a lor
(and forego the Forces Effect) or, in a pinch, he could actually
create the water out of thin air (Matter ® *, Prime ® ®) and shape
itwith Correspondence. The first two methods can only be used
onthe ocean orin very large lakes, but they are always coinciden-
tal. The last method can be used in any body of water, but can
easily be vulgar, at the Storyteller's discretion.

AKUA KUMIU HARA (GUIDED FIREBALL)
[eee FORCES, © PRIMTIE, ¢ © SPIRIT,
@PTIONALLY WITH ¢ « CORRESPONDENCE]

Hawaiian kahunas were known for calling flame spirits to
hunt down their enemies. Those who ran afoul of a kahuna
were often known to stay near the ocean just in case one of
these terrifying creatures was sent to dispatch them.

System: The kahuna creates a fireball using a conjunctional
Forces/Prime Effect and then calls upon a vengeful fire spirit to
come inhabit the conflagration and hunt down the mage's en-
emies. The akua kumu haka moves very fastand can easily outrun

e ‘ | ‘

CESK
eed RE

na

ahuman on foot; a target in a fast-moving outrigger canoe ora car,
on the other hand, might be able to escape the akua kumu haka.
Once the fire spirit has burned its target to death, the fire
fizzles and the spirit returns whence it came.
The optional Correspondence Effect is only necessary if
the akua kumu haka is going to operate outside the kahuna's
line of sight.

ALA WAI(SHORT \W/ATERS)
[ ee CORRESPONDENCE]

Anthropologists have no idea how Polynesian culture
spread so far over the small and widely spread islands of the
South Pacific. The answer is easy: They used magic.

By chanting and willing the waters to be smaller than they
seemed, a kahuna could go five miles with every stroke of his
paddle in the waves. With the aid of this rote, a competent
mage can cross the Pacific in a remarkably short period of time.

System: This rote is one more version of the Seven
League Stride (Mage, page 159).

ANA/ANA (THE DEATH PRAYER)
[ e¢¢ CORRESPONDENCE, eee LIFE
@R ee e CORRESPONDENCE, eee SPIRIT]

The wizard wars of Polynesia have left modern kahunas
with a large repertoire of deadly rotes; among the most
popular of these is the death prayer. The kahuna casts this rote
in hersanctum by beating out a martial rhythm onadrum and
chanting the reasons why she wants her target to die. The
target, meanwhile, begins to sicken almost immediately, and
has only a limited time to seek out the kahuna she offended.

System: If the kahuna is using Life magic, the target will
sicken and die over the course of three days following the
completion of the rote. While this rote is similar to (if slower than)
Effects used by many Tradition mages (Rip the Man Body, etal.),
it has the advantage of being coincidental, as the target simply
seems to catch something horrible and die. The disease need not
be anything dramatic (and suspicious) like Ebola — anthrax,
pneumonia, influenza, appendicitis and systemic strep infections
are all quite capable of killing a target in three days.

If the kahuna is using the Spirit version of this spell, Banes
or disease spirits might afflict the target to death in the same
time frame and in much the same way. Alternatively, the spirits
could simply cause a freak accident to befall the target: He
might, for instance, trip over a piece of litter and fall into traffic
orthe pilot light on his stove might go out, filling his apartment
with gas that then explodes, or he might be pulled under the
water by a riptide. In any case, spirits can be pretty creative.

HEENALU(\W/ AVE WALKING)
[ ee FORCES OR ee ITIATTER]

Polynesian islanders are surrounded by water. It sur-
rounds them at all times and it is, undoubtedly, among the
most limiting factors in their existence. While canoes miti-
gate some of the water's limitations, even. a novice kahuna can

J
1" "eh fat re i rey

J kD - thai 7 BS

tis Wey Yh fa Wee yn nN ; tig IA

Ly

LD)
>

walk across the tops of the waves without difficulty, making
brief forays from shore or even traveling from island to island
with relative ease.

System: Only one success is required; extra successes are
best spent on duration, especially for traversing long distances.
This rote is coincidental ifa shallow reef or string of small atolls
is nearby — onlookers will assume the mage is walking in
shallow water rather than on the water itself. Otherwise, the
rote is vulgar. Movement speed is normal for both walking and
running, as if the mage were walking on grass. If complex
actions — such as combat — are performed soon after casting,
the Storyteller may require a Stamina + Athletics roll to avoid
seasickness; losing the roll causes nausea and a -2 penalty to all
dice pools until the character can get to stable ground.

KAUITIAHA (SACRIFICE)
[eee PRIME, e@ SPIRIT |

Sacrifice plays a key role in Hawaiian magic. Placating
spirits through one means or another is a common theme
throughout the history and mythology of Polynesia. The
sacrifice of living beings to volcanoes was not common, but
neither was it unheard of. By performing the proper rituals
and tossing a living creature into the lava of a volcano (the
volcano is the focus for the rote), the kahuna is able to harvest
the escaping mana freed by the death. While this has many
drawbacks, there are times when a kahuna is willing to risk
almost anything for extra fuel for his magical work.

System: The kahuna throws his sacrifice into the vol-
cano and uses Spirit to catch the departing ghost and Prime
to reap its Quintessence. A chicken will yield a point or two,
a goat or a pig up to five and a human being will yield a full
10 points of Quintessence. Certain other creatures (Rokea,
old vampires) may provide even more Quintessence, and if
they were preying on the kahuna's people, he doesn't even
have to worry about the spiritual backlash.

Giving thanks to the spirits of the non-sentient animals is
generally enough to keep a mage safe from the potentially
negative effects of sacrificing a living being for power, but in the
case of human beings, however, things get much more complex.

If, and only if, the sacrifice is giving up his life freely and
of his own will —a relatively rare circumstance — the mage
suffers no repercussions. That said, if the kahuna's work
benefits many people, some trusting soul approaching the end
of his life might volunteer to be the kahuna's sacrifice.

Performing this kind of magic can easily result in the
kahuna's accrual of Jhor, and those who practice it often are
likely to develop a profoundly Entropic Resonance.

KU@HA (THE PASSION PRAYER)
[ eee CORRESPONDENCE, ee LIFE, ee ITIND]

Wearing only leis of the most fragrant flowers, the
kahuna sits (generally in his sanctum or a similar locale) and
beats a primal heartbeat rhythm on his drum to incite passion
in one target of his choosing.

SAD BLAS IN STRANGE SEAS: P@LYNESIA 27

Mus |
: TEAL A sy sinen PT inhak "a
re; nee F Sr th is ae hed vl
Tn a A sea ae

tas rN: rat "

f hnomeed = a Aa s¢ ‘ ,


—
4

wane J 3 ——— 4"
alge: Leh yo

1 ma eS

a5 Se

kK & oe =

er -

System: Roll Arete after each full hour of drumming;
this rote is, obviously, best performed as an extended action.
Once the mage has accumulated a number of successes greater
than the target's Willpower, the target is overcome by pure,
unadulterated lust for the mage and does everything possible
to be with the mage sexually. The Storyteller should roll the
target's Wits + Awareness every time the mage''s player rolls
Arete to determine if he or she intuits what the mage is up to;
if the target catches on and interrupts the passion prayer
before the kahuna rolls enough successes, the rote is ruined.

The Effects last for one hour per success and affect the target
regardless of sex or orientation. Using this rote on anyone whom
one is notalready sexually connected to istantamount torape. It's
also a good way to provoke the target and his or her every friend
and family member into war on the mage if used inappropriately.

ITIAHU (STEAITI) [ ee F@RCES, © © PRIME]

This rote turnsa large volume of water into steam, sending
billowing white clouds skyward —and scalding anyone caught
in the area of effect. This sudden, scalding blast is a potent (and
popular) form of battle magic among the Polynesians.

Mt
a:

cet
"se
.—¥

System: This rote affects 100 square feet (10 x 10 and
square-ish unless the player states otherwise) of the surface of
the water per success. Not only does it obscure vision, effec-
tively creating a smoke screen, but it is also a devastatingly
lethal attack, inflicting standard Forces damage on anyone
caught in the scalding vapors.

Some kahunas willing to use vulgar Effects have used this
rote to flash-cook opponents floating on the surface of the water
(or in their bath tubs). Used on the open ocean or ona lake, this
rote affects only the top few inches of the water's surface. This
rote affects nothing a foot or deeper under the water in any way.

TMAIKAI (THE SEAWW/ARD PULL) [ ee ¢ ITIIND]

The target of this spell becomes obsessed with reaching the
ocean, diving in and swimming out as far as possible. It was one
of the simple ways the mages of Polynesia had of eliminating
their enemies. Obviously, if others detain the target and prevent
him from reaching the water for the duration of the Effect, he
won't drown (growing gills or putting on scuba gear also work)
but any determined kahuna will wait to strike at the right time
(and have surprises waiting in the water for his target as well),

f

ee = St ~ Sa he
ly atepe te RS. eM,
‘hha , ™ =e sal

mt 28 Dea Mack I
same lis ig 1 aes «i hl
he . Seely Wh dng : than) ( taf . jt ie . ‘4 hae hes vr 1, wh. He ¥ ‘
alt 7a f ae ie i Tle! Pye : Th "yy The 4 ay wi Ne jy sth att TL

at).
'

- =.

—

bom | wee Fm
Stl ead
=! 4 LAD

ral a) WS Oe

EONS AZ

—— abt WO PL
mek nos

~

-— A

System: The kahuna uses potent Mind magic to implant
a deep and overriding obsession in the target's psyche.

ITIAN® KAHEA ‘AI (SHARK CALL)
[ ee CORRESPONDENCE, © ¢ ITIIND]

Sharks were (and, to a degree, still are) constant compan-
ions to the early Polynesians. More revered than feared, the
shark was considered taboo to women, but a powerful totem for
fishermen. This rote summons sharks from the surrounding
waters to the kahuna (or as close to him as they can swim).

System: The kahuna uses Correspondence magic to
transmit his mental call to all sharks in the local water. If the
mage wills it, he can also incorporate the illusion of the smell
of blood in their minds, bringing them into a full-on feeding
frenzy. The sharks will not attack the kahuna who summoned
them if he uses the former version of this rote, but if he uses
the latter version, all bets are off.

Because of the shark taboo, female mages cannotuse this rote.

Variants of this rote can call other kinds of creatures:
Octopi, whales, or any other marine life available.

ITI@KUPUNI PALAHALAHA WIKI
(C@RAL ISLAND BL@erti)
[ee LIFE, eee PRIME, eee Time]

Under most circumstances, coral islands take centuries
to grow. Mages who like to have islands to themselves often
don't have that much patience, and so they put the coral into
fast forward, causing a reef to bloom upward toward the sun
like a crystalline cloud.

System: The conjunctional Life/Time Effect causes the
tiny coral organisms to build up the reef at high speed. Prime
is used to fuel the tiny animals; otherwise, they would deplete
all nutrients from the water in the space of seconds.

The difficulty of this rote increases by one if the kahuna is
performing it at night or ata depth greater than 80 feet (the depth
at which coral normally grows). Clever kahunas will create islands
in deep water by using this rote repeatedly to create coral boulders
that accrete around a floating core. Once the boulder has grown
to a significant size (a thousand feet, say), the mage will let the
boulder sink into the depths. He will send these down , one after
another, until he has created a suitable island foundation.

Note: Coral islands are largely sterile and don't erode
into fertile soil the way volcanic islands do. Most kahunas
(who want trees and crops on their islands) will use this rote
only if they have no means of creating a volcanic island.

PELE \X/ AI ULA (PELE'S BLO@D)
[ e@e CORRESPONDENCE, oe
@R eoee FORCES, ee MATTER]

The forces of volcanism were instrumental in shaping all
of the Polynesian Islands and its effects are still felt ina variety
of very real ways, like regular volcanic eruptions on Hawai'i.
This rote grants the kahuna a degree of control over those

elemental forces of creation, allowing her to summon the
lifeblood of the planet itself.

System: The lesser form of this rote uses Forces and
Matter magic to open up a volcanic fissure somewhere within
the mage's line of sight, reaches deep into the planet and
brings lava pouring out while the Forces @ @ @ @ variant causes
a full-scale volcanic eruption. Not only is the former version
easier to perform, it's easier to control.

The lava brought about by the lesser version is relatively
slow moving and unlikely to catch any but the slowest or most
accident-prone enemies, upon whom it inflicts aggravated
Forces damage (that is to say, three dice of aggravated damage
per success rolled by the kahuna's player).

In the case of a full volcanic eruption, the Storyteller is
the final arbiter of the mayhem caused by such an enormous
and violent feat.

Amazingly, these rotes are coincidental throughout most
of Polynesia (as well as the Philippines, Japan and Iceland)
and a handful of other places in the "Ring of Fire," the
volcanically active zone circling most of the Pacific Ocean.
Elsewhere they are grossly vulgar.

R@KEA @LE[ eee LIFE, ee SPIRIT]

The mages of Polynesia are more familiar with the Rokea,
the shark-changers, than with any other changing breed (and
far more familiar than they would like to be). Whereas the true
shark is considered good luck, kahunas consider Rokea brutish,
lethal pains in the ass (even if they are considered semi-divine).
This rote forces a Rokea out of its large battle-forms, forcing it
into its natural form (usually a shark).

System: Using magic to shape both the body and spirit of
the target, the kahuna forces the Rokea to revert to its Breed
form and prevents it from changing again for 10 minutes per
success. If the player is willing to accepta +1 difficulty modifier,
he can choose which form (human or shark) the target reverts
to. Since the shark-changers detest their human form (except
when mating) forcing them into that form really pisses them off.
Rokea will remember the face of any mage who uses this rote
and mark him for a quick and messy death.

\W/ AIPUILANI (\X/ ATERSP@UT)
[ eee Forces]

A tornado over water produces a waterspout, a funnel-
shaped pillar of water sometimes hundreds of feet wide extending
from the water's surface up to the clouds. While such a sight is
truly awesome, its uses are relatively limited and the few kahunas
who even remember this rote use it primarily to enthrall or
entertain. It has been noted by a few mages, however, that
waterspouts are a great way todeal with Technocracy helicopters.

System: Forces magic can generate the waterspout in
either of two ways: If there are reasonable clouds in the area,
Forces magic manipulates the local weather patterns to create
the necessary funnel activity to create the spout. This version
can be coincidental if the mage is careful.

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: P@LYNESIA. 29

| ah Ke 8 eEk | ' ok, 4 gs ad " é : AY ' ' .
le) W's ' i's v7 r ' ) $- jr ) aaah fer ig': " "e j . ly Ps aot ; ir Vt": 9 BY) |»! r
Mb i ait s bhatt eae rae LP Ae aa kee | on are ly

Alternatively, the mage can use the sheer power of the
Forces Sphere to cause the whirling spout of water to shoot up
from the water's surface, even on a perfectly clear day. This
version is always vulgar.

\W/@NDERS

The kahunas of Polynesia were extraordinarily resource-
ful in figuring out ways of enchanting the relatively scarce
resources provided to them by their volcanic island habitats.
The Maori tohungas, in particular, excelled at injecting art
into their Arts: From the ubiquitous tikis, to the elegant
jewelry, to the elaborately carved canoes and the wooden
panels that stood in front of their homes and communal halls
— Maori art remains some of the most complex and well-
wrought in the world. And such finely crafted pieces lend
themselves especially well to use as Wonders of various sorts.

FLOATING OIL

Level 1 Wonder

Floating oil prevents a person from sinking deeper than
an inch in water. If something pulls the wearer under, the
moment she is freed she rockets back up to the surface as
though she were a balloon full of air (fortunately, the oil
protects against the bends as well).

Floating oil was initially concocted to prevent drowning.
It may seem redundant, given that children throughout the
Polynesian Islands learn to swim at a very early age, but
floating oil was formulated primarily to protect the kahuna's
family from predation by enemy mages.

In theory, a thick coating of floating oil applied to the
feet would also allow the wearer to walk along the surface of
the water, but only those with a Dexterity of 5 (or higher)
would be advised to even try such a thing.

Kahunas distill floating oil from palm oil and juices
extracted from the swim bladders of certain fish. A mage with
even a single dot in Matter is likely to know how to brew
floating oil; the difficulty comes in obtaining enough swim
bladders for a whole application (because swim bladders
typically come from deep water fish).

Hel (PENDANT)

Level 1 Wonder

The ornate pendants of Ao Te Aroa are carved either
from greenstone (jade) or whale bone. They can be found
made of other substances (including plastic) but only these
two substances will take on the proper magical charge.

Several varieties ofheican be found throughout New Zealand,
but the two most common are the hei-tiki and the hei-matau.

Hei-Matau

The hei-matau pendant is mentioned as far back as the
myth of Maui, one of the principal Polynesian gods, Resem-
bling an ornately carved fishhook, the hei-matau gifts its
wearer with good luck at all times while he's over water.

[Twice per game-day —so long as the wearer of the hei-
matau is in the ocean or on it in a boat (planes don't count)
—he can re-roll any die that comes up "1." If the player rolls
a horrible botch, he can use both of these re-rolls at once.]

Hei-Tiki

Thehei-tiki pendantisasmaller, less potent versionof the
true tikis (see Tikis, below); as such, it is a Fetish containing
a minor health or fertility spirit.

The hei-tiki is a stylized human form with a large head
that composes about half of the pendant's size. The mouth is
generally to one side or the other and the eyes are tradition-
ally inset with paua shell (or Haliotis iris, as Westerners are
wont to call it). The remainder of the body features an
oversized abdomen, legs in squatting position, heels together
with hands resting on the thighs.

The hei-tiki is unquestionably a phallic symbol, and differ-
ent versions of the hei-tiki reveal that to greater or lesser degrees.
Maori women used to wear hei-tikis to prevent barrenness and
men wore them for increased virility. Most hei-tiki pendants
created by modern tohungas are less explicitly for fertility and
more commonly for general health and well being.

[A minor spirit of health or fertility is bound into the hei-
fild, benefiting the wearer in one of the following ways.

The wearer of the hei-tiki gains one extra Bruised
Health Level while she wears the pendant.

The wearer of the hei-tiki gets one extradie forall Soak rolls.

©The hei-tii grants the wearer the equivalent of one
extra point of Stamina for the purposes of performing strenu-
ous, extended-duration activities (swimming, running,
climbing, magic rituals, etc.). This blessing applies any time
the wearer engages in such activity.

©The wearer of the hei-tiki performs all healing Effects at
a-l difficulty.

One person can wear multiple hei-tiki pendants, but real
hei-tiki pendants are rare enough that finding one, no less four,
is likely to be quite a task unless one is (or isa close friend of)
a Maori tohunga —and while the Maori area gracious people,
they're not likely to offer their Wonders casually to any
random tourist, acquaintance or recent buddy.]

KAHU HURUHURU (FEATHER CL@AK)

Level 2 Wonder

Of the better known Wonders of the Maori, the feather
cloak is the most prized for the many blessings itconfers to its
wearer. Not only is it beautiful, it also adds to the wearer's
social abilities, in part by granting him a pronounced degree
of regal bearing that is difficult to ignore.

[While wearing the beautiful kahu huruhuru, the tohunga
makes all social rolls at -3 difficulty. Furthermore, as long as
the mage is wearing the feathered cloak, he gets three dice of
automatic countermagic against any hostile Effects.

Creating a kahu huruhuru is extraordinarily demanding,
even for the creation of an artifact, and the tohunga must make

i t F;
A to ae
rl regi ye if
o


Throughout Polynesia, the tattoo was developed as
art form as it was no where else in the world. The word
ittoo comes from the Tahitian word tatu. Almost every
hipelago — Ao Te Aroa, Fiji, Samoa, Tahiti, Hawaii,
id especially Te Henua Enata — evinces its own devel-
pment of the tattoo as an important cultural art.

It was in Te Henua Enata, the Marquesas Islands, that
ttoos first became magically augmented. It says a great
"al that the Marquesan word tuhuna means both "mage"
\d "tattoo artist." In Marquesan culture, tattoos were a

at sign of stature, indicative of wealth, power and the
bility to endure great pain. The most elaborate, full-body
ttoos were worn only by chiefs,'great warriors and, of
purse, the tuhuna. Fathers would save for years to be able
the lengthy tattoo rituals of the tuhunas. For the

ion of the tattoo ritual (which could take months,
pending on the complexity of the design and the
ipient's pain tolerance), the family of the tattooed
dividual would feed, clothe and pamper the tuhuna and
is ka' ioi (his band of acolytes, consorts and apprentices).

For the duration of the tattoo ritual, the individual

eiving the tattoo practiced extended fasting and was
ed from engaging in sex with women, or even leaving
he property of his family.

When the tuhunahad completed the tattoo, the recipient
the tattoo would emerge from the house where the tattoo

al had been performed, feast, and the village would greet
according to the new status he held due to the tattoos.

Christian missionaries forbade tattoos, calling them "a

inful glorification of the flesh," and the tuhunas were
to go underground, and by the latter half of the 19*
, the ancient art of tattooing had nearly died out

ighout all of Polynesia.

Various kahunas, tuhunas and tohungas, however, pre-

d the arts and the last two decades have seen such a
Surgence in interest in tattoos that tattoo designs are even

-orating postage stamps in Tahiti. Given the deep con-
tion between tattoos and magic throughout the South
Pacific, there are many tuhunas who believe that a new age
Polynesian magic may be at hand.
Toclarify the terminology: A tattoo isa simple form of
Hornment. A tatu is a mark imbued with magical power.
¢ traditional Maori skin modification, Te Moko, may or
Ray not also be invested with magical power (above and
ond its inherent cultural meaning).

Tatus span the gamut from modestly helpful to phenom-
ally powerful. Many tatus — though by no means all —are

nsive in some way. Asa general rule, the larger and more

oaufa
ably

y

YES SoH PY at
ne | :

jo Vey fess
fave =e: ‘

vry
RY ere

The tatus that follow are indicative ofhow the Polynesian
used them, but these represent only the tiniest fraction
those magics with which tatus were imbued.

Aole Koheoheo Tatu (Level 1 Wonder): This desigt
a simple black circle on the sternum, protects the wea
against all poison and venom, rendering him immune
dangers as different as poisoned spears, alcohol poisonii
and Ananasi venom.

[The aole koheoheo tatu grants its wearer five automat
successes on soak rolls against poisons and venoms of all sorts

Lawai'a Tatu (Level 2 Wonder): Called "
fisherman's tatu" because it was typically given only to
island's best fishermen as a reward, the lawai'a tatu tak
the form of three wavy lines on either side of the ned
slightly resembling the gills of a fish.

[Anytime the wearer's neck is beneath the surface of th
water, the lines become gills, allowing her to breathe und
water. The moment the wearer's neck comes back above
surface of the water, the gills again revert to simple tatus.

He'e Tatu (Level 2 Wonder): Most Polynesian tat
are simple tribal or geometrical designs. The he'e ("octd
pus") tatu is one of the few that uses representative art.
design is of a large octopus, with the head either on
wearer's chest ofback and with the tentacles wrappil
around the length of the limbs, This tatu grants the octopt
ability to change color and blend in with its surrounding

[Acwill, the wearer of the he'e change the cold
of his skin. If she is trying to blend her surroundin
and avoid being spotted, she must remain still. Make
Stamina + Stealth roll, subtracting the successes from a
Perception + Alertness rolls made to spot the character.
she moves, the viewers' difficulty to see her is reduced 4
three (unless she's hiding in bushes or other cover).

Note: This tatu affects skin (and hair), not clothes,
to get the full effect the wearer must be naked.)

‘O'ole Tatu (Level 4 Wonder): One of the most paint
tatus possible, the ‘o'ole tatu covers the entire body, includ
ing the face, scalp, eyelids and genitals, with an incredih
complex pattern of repeated pentagons (based on the shap

with which to soak all damage, including lethal a

vated. The downside to this is that it increases the di

of social rolls by one. At the Storytellers discretion th
may be some rare individuals for whom the tatu isa turn-c
and with those people, the difficulty of the wearer's soci

er Tas
Raney
a a

hoe


it by hand, unassisted. Bleached muka (flax fiber) must be spun
unto yarn, woven and shaped. To this base the mage attaches
hundreds of feathers from the (immensely rare) albino kiwi. A
mage wanting to add color to the cloak may also attach green
feathers from the wood pigeon, red feathers from the New
Zealand parrot or the blue-black feathers of the tui bird.]

Mexemal

Level 3 Wonder

Ancient Polynesians from Hawaii to Ao Te Aroa be-
lieved that mana (Quintessence) pools in the head, even in
the heads of corpses. To take advantage of that, certain
kahunas would collect heads in a "mana battery" of sorts and
create a link between themselves and the talisman, allowing
them to call on the Quintessence whenever they needed it.

[The heads must be whole and in good shape. They must be
dried and either woven together by the hair, carefully stacked
together in a pile facing out or displayed on a specially carved
stone skull rack. To complete the mokomai, the kahuna must
weave in a powerful Correspondence 3/Prime 3/Spirit 3 Effect.

Once the kahuna has completed the creation rote, he
may use the Quintessence stored in the mokomai as easily as
that stored in his own Pattern. The Quintessence in such a
device returns only slowly, however — one point per week,
although a mage is free to use a Prime 3 Effect to channel
Quintessence into the mokomai faster. Furthermore, any
mokomai fully drained of Quintessence must be re-enchanted
or the heads lose their ability to store mana.

The head ofa normal person will hold one point of Quintes-
sence, the head of a kahuna or powerful warrior will hold two
points, and the head ofa chief with proper te moko (See Te Moko,
above) or a Rokea (or other changer) will hold three points.)

@xHO-KUI (BATTLE Wc)

Level 4 Wonder

The oho-kui isan enormous, bushy headdress of pounded
leaf fibers that warriors wear into battle. To modern eyes it
looks a bit like a bushy, straight-hair wig, and it can be dyed
nearly any color (brighter colors are thought to impart more
ferocity in the wearer, so violent red, nauseous green and
vivid magenta are popular). The oho-kui resembles an enor-
mous mane radiating out from the wearer's face and down his
back. Some also incorporate a large tiki mask as an additional
intimidating element.

The purpose of the oho-kui is to protect the wearer by
absorbing attacks, a function it does quite well. While not
outlandishly powerful, Hawaiian warriors have long coveted
oho-kuis for the protection they grant in battle.

[The oho-kui does two things for its wearer: It gives him
three extra Bruised Health Levels and three automatic suc-
cesses on all soak rolls while he's wearing it. The oho-kui
regenerates the Health Levels at the rate of one per full day
of "rest."

PAHU IN@-NUI (THE CHA@s DRUIT)

Level 5 Wonder

One of the most devastating weapons in the kahuna
arsenal, the pahu ino-nui is also, luckily, the rarest, with only
two ever known to have been made. The pahu ino-nui is an
enormous drum six feet long by five feet in diameter. It's
suspended from a frame with the drum head perpendicular to
the ground and played by a sitting drummer using a pair of
inch-thick rounded wooden drumsticks. Itsappearance alone
is interesting, but mere appearances give no indication of
what the drum can do: The pahu ino-nui is easily comparable
to the greatest war magics of Hermetic House Flambeau.

The user of the chaos drum begins by beating the drum
in time with the weather. A beautiful day with calm seas
would equate to a slow, steady beat while a typical storm
would indicate a slightly faster, slightly more complicated,
rhythm. Even played softly, the penetrating reverberations of
the pahu ino-nui can be felt through the earth a quarter of a
mile away and heard even farther away than that.

Once the drummer has played that basic baseline rhythm
for 15 minutes or so, connecting to the earth, the sky and the
water, the drummer can begin picking up the pace. The
faster and more complex the rhythms, the more violent the
weather becomes.

Playing the chaos drum is strenuous activity. A character
with a Stamina of two will be able to play for, maybe, five
minutes before the muscle fatigue in his forearms keeps him
from even holding the drumsticks. Any mage notin excellent
physical condition (Stamina 5) who wants to get the most out
of the pahu ino-nui should use Life magic beforehand to
increase his Stamina, or he's likely to tire long before he even
gets to the more interesting and violent weather.

And the effects of the chaos drum get very interesting
and violent: After an hour of working up the elements, the
drum whips up multiple simultaneous typhoons, 40-foot
storm surges, electrical storms, tsunamis, earthquakes, gey-
sets, water spouts, violent volcanic eruptions (above and
below the ocean), and even meteor swarms.

Through all of this, the mage, sitting in a 10-foot circle
of absolute calm, won't even feel so much as a breeze or a
single drop of rain.

[The full effects of the pahu ino-nui are up to the
Storyteller, but after the first full hour of drumming, the
damage inflicted on individuals (and structures) is assigned as
per an ongoing Forces 5 Effect.]

TIKIS

The importance of the tiki in Polynesian magic has to be
understood in the context of its history.

The tiki has deep roots in Polynesian culture, clarifying
why, despite the cultural changes that took place as the

Polynesian people continued moving from island to island,
the tiki remained a key element in the magic of the kahunas.
The tiki is a representation of the first man (whose name
was "Tik" or "Tiki"). Through the process of ancestor wor-
ship, this first man took on demigod status and the name
"Tiki" became acommon term for any representation of man.
Throughout Polynesia, the tiki has become a personification
of the human race as a whole. It is a symbol of the right of
humanity to coexist with spirits in the world, a physical
"contract" of sorts substantiating humanity's place in the
universe. To the kahunas, Tiki is a sort of divine ally in the
world of the spirits, a kindly ancestor advocating for his
offspring. Consequently, most uses of Spirit magic have tikis
asa focus, and on some islands the kahunas use tikis as a focus
in one way or another for all or most of their magical Effects.
And the tiki is used as the basic pattern for all Wonders,
fetishes in particular, throughout the South Pacific.

But Tikiis even more than that. "Tiki" wasalso the name
of the phallus and the divine procreative power of Tane, the
creator-god, In the Austral Islands south of Tahiti, tiki-roa
(the word for a tall, standing tiki figure) remains the slang
term for the penis. All of these sexual elements are, at root,
linked and directly connected to the first use to which
magically active tikis were put: to increase fertility.

Lastly, the god Tiki is a god of creation (above and
beyond procreation) and, for that reason, he is the god of
kahunas, artists and artisans throughout the South Pacific.

Tikis represent an old, old form of performing magic, one
more familiar to the more "primordial" Traditions like the
Cult of Ecstasy and Dreamspeakers, Similar items, magical
and otherwise, can be found throughout the world, but
especially around the Pacific Rim. For example, a tiki is
closely related to a tupilak (see Dead Magic, page 134).

Temples to the Polynesian gods and sancta of practicing
kahunas will almost always be surrounded by an array of tikis,
either free-standing or perched atop poles.

DEFINITION

Atikiisacarvingshaped to resemble agod orspirit. Tikis
are known throughout the South Pacific and Hawaiian is-
lands mainly, but all seem to share the same mystical purpose:
Tikis are created to house spirits. Every tiki contains its own
spirit. Since no two spirits are alike, neither are any two tikis.

Tikis are often carved out of wood, but sculpted stone
tikis are relatively common as well, particularly in certain
parts of Polynesia (the giant carved heads, or moai, of Rapa
Nuiare tikis and, in their prime around 500 years ago, were
some of the most powerful tikis in existence, each contain-
ing one powerful spirit or a swarm of lesser spirits all bound
into the tiki).

Tikis range in size from the size of a thumb (often worn
as lockets) to several feet high. They can be starkly simple or
decorated with jewelry, skulls or other bones, cloth or the
bright feathers of tropical birds.

a ae we

a an SW eed as mathe
TSS Sara plc ay NA

Pee a Re
sor ie =

fant

at ae wy
FR aAeern er en
vf 2 ray

Some tikis are so abstract that they bear very little
resemblance toa manatall, but in many cases, this may have
been intentional on the artisan's (or the kahuna's) part.
Some tikis perform destructive magic, and so the tiki would
need to appear as something else, lest the target get suspi-
cious (the other way of handling this problem, of course, is
to make the tiki so small that it can be easily hidden near its
intended target).

Inshort, individual tikis vary radically from one another.
That said, tikis that share a common purpose share certain
characteristics. Fertility tikis, for example, tend to be longer
and more phallic, while war tikis are squatter and have amore
malevolent appearance. Likewise, certain materials are bet-
ter suited to tikis ofa particular type. Wood and bone, having
once been alive and still containing the memory of life, make
good fertility tikis, while stone (with the exception of green-
stone, or jade) doesnot. Long term warding tikis and tikis that
potentially have to withstand a lot of wear and tear — either
from the passage of time or as a side effect of being caught
between two warring kahunas —are better carved from stone.

CREATION

A kahuna must carve or sculpt any tiki he hopes to use for
mystical purposes. Although there are exceptions, trying to
enchant a tiki created by someone else is generally a useless
endeavor. The mage must have at least two dots in Crafts to
create a tiki.

For a wooden tiki, the mage must choose the type of tree
best suited to the tiki he hopes to make. The wood of certain
trees is more attuned to certain kinds of magic. In Hawaii, for
example, most tikis are made from the wood of the ohia-
apane, a type of native apple tree.

Stone tikis require igneous rock — rock formed under
immense heat and pressure and associated with volcanic
activity. Some stone tikis may require even more specific
types of stone — black basalt with gold flecks that has
never seen sunlight, for example, or obsidian taken from
the sea floor.

Once the mage has carved the basic figure of the tiki, he
may need toadorn it with other important elements of the tiki
— the feathers of a certain bird, a certain kind of decorative
seashell or a particular color of fabric, for example.

Once the mage is finished with the physical process of
tiki creation, she can begin with the magical elements.

The first step is the ritual cleansing of the tiki of harmful
or troublesome native influences. This, as with all the subse-
quent steps of tiki creation, is done as an extended action.
Depending on the substance being worked (wood spirits tend
to be more fractious, but less difficult to exorcise while stone
spirits are typically amenable to enchantment but they are
extraordinarily difficult to appease or exorcise, and they can
provide a great deal of antagonism for the mage).

The number of successes necessary on an Arete roll for
the cleansing ritual is 25 for wood and 50 for stone. The

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS; POLYNESIA 33
Sy Ra Ud

mat


process, obviously, takes a number of days and the mage
should plan on getting a lot of sleep before the cleansing,
because he's not likely to get it once the ritual has begun.
Once the tiki has been cleansed, the kahuna places a
number of different Effects into the tiki. One enchants the
tiki so as to make it a natural Quintessence-sink so that
ambient Quintessence is drawn to the tiki. Another Effect
binds a spirit of the appropriate type into the physical vessel
of the tiki. Some kahunas weave an Entropy Effect into the tiki
that facilitates the spirit's tasks with sheer happenstance —a
blessing on the spirit, to put it in the simplest terms.

Uses

The tiki is to Polynesian magic what software applica-
tions are to the Virtual Adepts: the central means through
which long-term magical Effects are wrought. Tikis are lim-
ited only by the imagination and power of their creators.
There are some kahunas who do nothing but create tikis once
their power and enlightenment reach the requisite levels.
These can be compared to Sons of Ether who spend all their
time tinkering in their workshops — it's not an exciting life,
but it's rewarding to those few who are content with it.

Many tikis perform dull but important magical work:
They keep the fish populations along a certain reef thriving;
they ward off blight spirits from crops and disease spirits
from villages; they may repel tsunamis, dampen earth-
quakes, slow the rate at which the creating kahuna ages or
perform any of a thousand other subtle tasks considered
important by the kahuna.

A sampling of some of the primary types of tikis appears
below. While the Storyteller is free to use the ones given, he
is also urged to come up with others of his own invention.

TIKIS AND PARADOX

As with all popular magics, there are ways of creating
tikis that do not rely on Spirit magic. While these often have
significant advantages over the Fetish tikis, they have one
predominant disadvantage: Their Effects can be vulgar. Spirit
magic used with tikis, on the other hand, works with the grain
of reality, not against it, and consequently does not incur
Paradox. Some of the tikis listed below (the ward tiki, for
example) are, oddly enough, coincidental if spirit magic is
used to make the tiki a Fetish but vulgar otherwise. There are
a number of reasons for this.

The magical nature of tikis is obvious; it's one of the
reasons they are so popular (and the key to the tiki fad that
swept North America from the '50s to the late '60s). Not
only are tikis powerful tools for a kahuna, but they emanate
a sense of power, a certain exotic mystique that even the
unAwakened can feel: Consequently, when something un-
canny occurs in their presence, it is perfectly in line with
expectations (either conscious or unconscious), and no one
is particularly surprised.

That effect is even more prominent throughout the
islands of Polynesia. For that reason, anywhere in the South
Pacific the definition of what counts as coincidental (with
respect to tikis) is much broader than it would be in, say,
Cincinnati, Ohio, the Banality capital of North America.
How much vulgar tiki magic a Storyteller opts to overlook is
up to him, but he should remember that outside of the few big
cities in Polynesia (Auckland and Honolulu being the big-
gest) the paradigm still has a good deal more give than it does
anywhere in North America, particularly when it comes to
tikis, a form of magic that has been in use in the South Pacific
for over 2000 years. Note that this is true for practitioners of
Huna. A non-Polynesian mage who learns some of the basics
of South Seas magic and tries to use a tiki in weird, modern
ways (to broadcast TV signals, for example) is just asking for
a Paradox backlash.

TYPES

Fertility Tiki

The original tiki figures were dedicated entirely to pro-
tecting the fertility of crops and increasing the fecundity of
those within the tiki's area of effect. It was through the use of
fertility tikis that the Polynesian peoples were able tosettle so
many islands so effectively in such a brief period. Due to the
success of the fertility tikis, the Polynesian people were able
to settle all across the South Pacific — taking the magical art
of the tiki with them.

Fertility tikis poorly used, it should also be noted, played
a key role in the overpopulation and subsequent tragedy on
Rapa Nui.

Effects: Fertility spirits are some of the oldest and most
established that mankind has striven toplacate. Those bound
into fertility fetish tikis support the general health of those in
the tiki's range, frighten away imps of impotence and increase
the likelihood of pregnancy.

Fertility tikis that don't use spirits accomplish the same
general goals with a Life 2, Entropy 2 Effect, possibly with a
Mind 2 Effect acting as a constant low-level aphrodisiac.

Appearance: Fertility tikis are generally more rounded
and usually resemble small, stylized humans with squat bodies
and short, pudgy limbs, like a baby.

Passion Tiki

Like fertility tikis — but quite a bit more intense — are
passion tikis, which cause those in the tiki's range to fall prey
to their carnal urges for anyone and everyone nearby. While
agood number of these primal Wonders have been destroyed
(no small few by shocked Chorister missionaries after falling
prey to a prank effected by a well-placed passion tiki), many
of them were created and deliberately shipped to North
America during the tiki fad of the '60s by Hawaiian kahunas
angry at the exploitation and destruction of Hawaiian cul-
ture. These items may yet linger in the basements, attics and

Hi
torh


dens of senescent erstwhile swingers (no doubt next toa crate
of Martin Denny LPs), waiting to be discovered by their
innocent and unwary grandchildren...

Effects: Passion tikis contain spirits of lust and passion
that, over the space of an hour (or so), remove all inhibitions
and gently nudge those within range into acts of playful,
experimental sexuality. While the experience itself can be
great fun, the consequences can be... problematic.

The Talisman version of the passion tiki weaves in a
Mind 3, Life 2 Effect that anesthetizes sexual inhibitions
while simultaneously piquing desire.

Appearance: Passion tikis look a great deal like fertility
tikis, only ithyphallic and with the countenance frozen in a
perpetual impish grin.

Lore: There are rumors of a Cultist of Ecstasy who
collects passion tikis. His collection allegedly contains over
20 passion tikis, culled over years of devoted effort and a great
deal of travel throughout Polynesia. One can only wonder to
what end he might put such a collection,

War Tiki

The war tiki followed the fertility tiki in short order. No
sooner had the Polynesian people radiated outward to new
islands than they developed a whole new tribal identity and
began warring against each other.

War tikis, as their name implies, assist the mage with
matters of warfare. When a mage creates a war tiki, he and
everyone it is intended to help bleeds onto the tiki as a part
of the creation process. Once the tiki is completed, all those
"recognized" by the tiki will benefit from a number of advan-
tages when engaged in combat in the tiki's line of sight.

Effects: War tikis house spirits of rage and combat that
help in a number of different ways. The most common form.
of war tiki grants the following abilities: -1 on all difficulties
to hit, one extra die for all Dodge rolls and one extra die for
all soak rolls. The spirits of war are a varied lot, however, and
exactly what form their battle blessings take may vary.

The Talisman version of the war tiki weaves in a Life 3
Effect that grants an extra dot in Strength, Dexterity and
Stamina, so long as the recipient is engaged in physical
combat within line of sight of the tiki.

Appearance: The war tiki is more primitive looking than
the fertility tiki, little more than a tree trunk carved with a
stylized snarling human face. Jagged bits of shell may be used
for the exposed teeth of the war tiki, and the eyes are most
often carved from human bone.

Guardian Tiki

Distances that seem small by modern plane and auto-
mobile standards were daunting to the pre-Technocracy
Polynesians. If a rival kahuna attacked your village five
minutes after you started paddling to a distant island to
collect feathers from the sacred parrots, under most condi-
tions you wouldn't know until hours or days after the fact,

tyes

»T¥t2 3
‘ ;

Fiala Oe
Maye y if 4 jerit ie 4 H Ne ! av 4

and probably too late to catch him. But with a guardian tiki,
you'd know the moment your nemesis made his appearance
and you'd be able to get back in time to preventat leastsome
of your family members from being sacrificed and butchered
for meat.

Effects: A guardian tiki houses spirits that report back to
the mage who created it. Typically the mage will give the
spirits very clear instructions concerning which events to
convey and which not to.

Kahunas who dislike using spirits can get the same effect
by placing a combination Correspondence and Entropy Ef-
fect on the tiki. The Entropic element is added so the
Correspondence Effect will kick in only under certain cir-
cumstances: "Let me see what is happening in that cave only
if there is violence," or "I want to hear every word that is said
when there are others in this temple but me").

Appearance: Huge eyes (and sometimes ears) are the key
features of a guardian tiki. Typically half the figure is made up
of the squat little body topped by an oversized head that, in
turn, has oversized, slightly malevolent eyes and strangely
squared-off ears.

Ward Tiki

Ward tikis deny access to certain persons, spirits or
phenomena, and as such they are extremely useful and
concomitantly common. Ward tikis can be used to preventan
enemy from entering a village, repel a cannibal spirit or keep
a tsunami from inundating a village. A ward tiki can ward
against only one thing, but there's nothing keeping a kahuna
from putting an array of ward tikis around his home to keep
a variety of threats at bay — one for lava flows, one for Rokea,
‘one for disease spirits and so on.

Effects: Ward tikis house spirits of strife or repulsion that
work to repel the thing the tiki wards against. This is usually
very subtle. Lava flows will branch and narrowly miss the
warded area, hostile people will get lost or suffer accidents on
their way to the warded area, and so on. The closer the thing
warded against gets to the warded area, the less subtle the
spirits will be until they finally resort to extreme tactics,
including blunt physical force.

Kahunas who prefer not to use spirits can obtain similar
results by weaving a simple Correspondence 3 Ban into the
enchantment that simply creates a wall of force through
which the specified entity or thing cannot pass.

A less vulgar variant uses an Entropy 3 Effect to put
coincidental obstacle after coincidental obstacle in the way
of those things or entities warded against. If the thing warded
against is alive, a Correspondence 3/Entropy 4 Effect woven
in will see to it that the body of the individual warded against
simply gives out before reaching the area protected by the tiki,
betrayed by an increasingly serious series of sprained ankles,
inexplicable pain, illnesses, heart attacks, cancer and strokes.

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA 35

a4 Pre
WHLEE Sy Mba
. if ™ \
aa BY ay.
Jaye t re

=>) AA wa =r i
eT os :

A 0 =

Appearance: Ward tikis are generally grim oblong
heads carved out of gray granite (although any
igneous rock will do).

;

Lore: The moai, or giant statues on Rapa Nui
(also known as Easter Island or Isla de Pascua) are ward
tikis, but ones of vast size. All 600 had been neutralized with
countermagic and knocked from their platforms by
the time non-Polynesians arrived on the island.
What the builders attempted to ward against is
anyone's guess. Given the moderately power-

ful Node under Rapa Nui and the immense size

of the moai, they should have been able to

ward off anything. Strange, then, that the
population of the island, once around

10,000, was decimated and its modern population, after
decades of growth and settlement, still lingers at just

i
.

A AI
ee | AY mW

=

tom <h under 3,000. Did the wards fail? And if they did, what
~ = was powerful enough to break through a ward created
_:

by hundreds of enormous (and powerful) ward tikis?

Sorcerous Tiki

4?
‘
ih.

‘
'

I

Kahunas performing magic over long distances some-
times needed to boost their magical ability to give their
Effects the impact they wanted. The sorcerous tiki was
a grotesque way of increasing the mage's effectiveness.

lh We
poms. © By appeasing the sorcerous tiki with blood, the mage was able
'
= - to perform magic more easily. Where the blood comes
= from is moot; it could be the mage's,
his friends', or that of a sacrifice.
mE

The blood need not be human, but
it must come from a mammal. The sorcerous
« tiki benefits the kahuna in direct proportion to the

amount of blood that is spilled on it. When the
mage completes the spell for which he used the tiki's

_
",

abilities, the blood is sucked into the tiki.
‘ Effects: The mage makes his blood sacrifice to the
sorcerous tiki immediately prior to performing the Ef-
» fect he wants assistance with. For this, he measures
blood points from his victims. The initial six blood points
go toward lowering the overall difficulry number of the
\ Arete roll (-1 modifier to difficulty for every two blood
points). The next 12 blood points reduce the effective
et) Ve Correspondence range by one step for every two
points of blood (as per the "Correspondence Ranges"
| table on page 209 of the Mage core book). Lastly,
the sorcerous tiki grants the mage one additional die
Feige on his Arete roll for every 10 points of blood the
Aa hf , " if kahuna feeds the tiki.
Human adults hold about 10 points of blood. A
. (gl€__ person can lose three blood points without taking
i ~ a; bea . damage, after which he suffers one Health Level of
q bee S/ non-soakable damage per blood point lost.

Example: Keaulumoku, a young kahuna, wants revenge
on the Syndicate member who bought his sanctum out

at ¥ i from under him and turned it into a massage parlor. He has
ete

mid 36 Deap Mack I
a "4 Mit is' Tas et y i TY,
ays eae AG ba een a han nfey tv seapaved iraegyrs MAN
Tatts te uy) : me rp Aas ett tp equa ee Cay ee fa PB
red fk ni | i ry fiery te }' ibe de ed eS - 7

two goats he's willing to sacrifice to the sorcerous tiki, each
with four points of blood.

Keaulumoku wants to affect the Syndicate member with
Ana'ana, the Death Prayer (see Rotes, above). The rote is
coincidental (anyone can get sick and die — it happens all
the time) and the highest Sphere needed is three dots. The
target is distant, raising the difficulty by one, leaving
Keaulumoku witha difficulty of seven. To perform an impres-
sive feat at such a distance, the kahuna would normally need
nine successes. Keaulumoku only has an Arete of three, so it
could take a while to get the Effect he's looking for.

Luckily, Keaulumoku has a sorcerous tiki.

The mage puts the tiki in the bottom of a large wooden
bowl and exsanguinates both goats into the bowl, giving him
eight points of blood to work with.

The first six points of blood reduce his difficulty by three,
leaving him with a difficulty of four. Getting nine successes at
that difficulty is easier, but still nothing to sneeze at. He uses
the last two points of goat blood to reduce the Correspon-
dence range by one, then, thinking better of it, he opens a
veinand adds four points ofhis own blood (leaving hima little
weak). And he spends a point of Willpower fora free success.

These last six points of blood reduce the effective Corre-
spondence range from "Described Location" to"Very familiar."
Instead of needing nine successes, Keaulumoku only needs
six. Furthermore, the extra points of his own blood that
Keaulumoku fed the tiki put him over 10 points, giving him
an extra die on his Arete roll, giving him a total of four dice
(and one automatic success).

So, thanks to the sorcerous tiki, instead of needing nine
successes at a difficulty of seven, he needs only five successes
at a difficulty of four —a much more manageable feat.

And a few hours later, somewhere in Jersey City, New
Jersey, a Technocrat hacks up a piece of lung....

The Fetish version of the sorcerous tiki uses spirits of
communication, possibly corrupted ones. It's not entirely
impossible that a sorcerous tiki could cause some kind of
interference with the Digital Web or the Web of Faith if used
a great deal in regions where either of those Webs was in
heavy use. Virtual Adept and Technocrat alike would be
more thanalittle surprised to seea tiki icon on theirscreen....

The Talisman version of the sorcerous tiki requires a
potent Prime 4/Correspondence 3 Effect be woven in during
the creation of the tiki.

Appearance: Sorcerous tikis are relatively small, rarely
standing more than 10 inches tall. Ofall the traditional tikis,
sorcerous tikis are the most naturally proportioned, having a
head that is just a little too large for their strange bodies. The
heads of sorcerous tikis have large eyes and small, jagged teeth
(either shark teeth or jagged shards of shell embedded in the
wood). The most disturbing thing about sorcerous tikis is that
they have full heads of real, long human hair. Some crafters

"Hey Yr Hh fv vat

Ad

of sorcerous tikis have used entire human scalps for this, but
that degree of authenticity isn't necessary; adhering loose
human hair with tar or sap works just as well, provided the
hair is at least six inches long.

Lore: Christian missionaries referred to sorcerous tikisas
"devil dolls" and mistakenly assumed that the tikis were some
form of demonic idol. Learning that the "devil dolls" could
absorb several times their own volume in blood did nothing
to address the missionaries' concerns.

Because of the missionaries' efforts (and because of their
unquestionable utility) sorcerous tikis are the rarest of all the
tiki varieties listed here.

Fortune Tiki

Kahunas who want to benefit from uncommonly good
luck create fortune tikis to assure that things turn out well
for them, while kahunas wishing to bring bad luck to en-
emiescan do just that by plantinga bad luck tiki in the home
of their adversary.

Effects: Spirits of good fortune are bound into tikis
designed to bring good luck, while spirits of bad luck are
bound into tikis with that function.

The Talisman version of the fortune tiki incorporates an
Entropy 3 Effect. Some kahunas want the benefits of their
fortune tikis even when they're far from home. If they're so
inclined, and have the proper Arts, they may weave in a
Correspondence 3 Effect as well, allow their good luck to
follow them even across great distances. Obviously, kahunas
using tikis to cause bad luck can incorporate the Correspon-
dence Effect as well, but such magic is relatively easy to sense
and counter using Correspondence 2 and 3 Effects, respec-
tively. Mages without Correspondence (or Sleepers, for that
matter), could be in for a very long streak of bad luck.

Appearance: The fortune tiki smiles and, even if the
smile is half demented and half malevolent, it's still the only
one of the traditional tikis to do so. Those carving fortune
tikis claim that the look on the tiki's face is the mad joy of
havingsuch good fortune, although there are some whoclaim
that the luck brought by the fortune tiki brings a strange
madness with it as well.

The fortune tiki is carved from the wood of the ohia-
apane tree, a species of apple native to the islands of Polynesia.
Small pearls are used for the eyes.

Dormancy Tiki

On islands where volcanic activity is more preva-
lent, dormancy tikis have been used to lessen the frequency
of volcanic eruptions or even stop them altogether. A
ring of dormancy tikis must be placed around the volcano
facing inward.

Effects: Dormancy tikis house spirits that soothe spirits
of volcanism. They lull the spirits of eruption to sleep,
preventing the volcano from erupting and thereby safeguard-
ing those living on the island.

Appearance: Dormancy tikis must be carved out of
basalt or some other igneous rock. They tend to be somewhat
oblong, with high conical heads. The eyes of dormancy tikis
are made of polished obsidian.

Lore: It should be noted that during the kahuna wars, at
least one mage and his extended family was annihilated
entirely when his most reviled enemy, unbeknownst to him,
replaced his dormancy tikis with antagonizing tikis, spurring
the volcanic spirits into an eruptive fury, utterly destroyingall
life on the island and increasing the size of the island by three
times over the course of a year.

CHRONICLE N@TES

The essence of a Polynesian chronicle should be the
unknown. For a Western mage, accustomed to a European
worldview, life in the South Pacific as it was experienced by
the mages of the regions is difficult to imagine. The bound-
aries between humanity and the primordial are thinner here
and while the people are naturally gracious and pleasant,
passions can be volcanic.

It was those heightened passions that led to the ongoing
conflicts between the mages of Polynesia during the age of
high Polynesian magic (circa 700 to 1300 C.E.) The enor-
mous wars conducted by the kahunas of the South Pacific were
things of legend — easily the equal of any European conflict.
The plentitude of Quintessence and the lack of a set belief
paradigm out on the open ocean gave the kahunas immense
freedom to shape reality as they saw fit (though Reality had
its ways of fighting back if a mage went truly overboard,
perhaps helping to explain the rise and fall of both cultures
and islands). Even after 200 years of the Technocracy care-
fully sweeping evidence under the carpet, the South Pacific
still reveals its rich magical history through a profusion of
tikis, sunken islands, haunted islands, cannibal spirits, slum-
bering volcano gods and stranger things.

Modern kahunas may know some of the lore that has
been passed from mage to mage, but much of the magical
history of Polynesia has been lost, and those things that have
been lost can often be inadvertently stumbled over. The
Storyteller is invited to explore some of these ideas in his
Chronicle. Among other ideas to look at:

1. Byall appearances, the Kopa Loei Craft has splintered,
pressured on one side by the Technocracy and pulled on the
other by the invitation of the Traditions. Those kahunas who
opted not to join the Dreamspeakers are scattered throughout
Polynesia. Are they really content to observe the old ways in
solitude on their islands, or are they up to something?

2. Polynesia's links to Southeast Asia may not serve it
well. Some of the Yama Kings (essentially, demon lords) of
Asia may have their eyes on one or more of the island clusters
in the South Pacific. Two in particular, Hahano Fukami and
Honoyeta, are discussed in more detail in 1,000 Hells, White

Wolf's guidebook on these devils and their foul kingdoms for
Kindred of the East.

3. Two (or more) kahunas have come into conflict with
each other, and the forces that the twoare bringing to bearon
one another threaten to take on the hostility (ifnot the sheer
scope) of the old battles between Polynesian mages. Through
some connection (the Sphinx, perhaps) the players' cabal is
called in to intervene before the Technocracy takes matters
into its own hands.

4. A violent earthquake pushes an island up from the sea
floor in or near Polynesia —an island that shows evidence of
having been settled and home toastrangely advanced culture
before plunging beneath the waves. Is it Atlantis? R'lyeh?
Mu? And what's with all the strange statues of fish-deities?

Whole chronicles can be built around the risen island
notion. The characters may need assistance from a local
mage, one familiar with the magical history of the South
Pacific. Was the island sunken out of spite by a powerful mage
during the kahuna wars? Did the island house a Nephandic
cult? Ifso, what kinds of dark knowledge might be found there
to tempt the unwary? Or, have the Nephandi so grown in
power that they raised the island as part of some new warped
and monstrous plan?

5. The Technocracy, now growing comfortable with its
de facto victory over the Traditions, opts to engage in some
mop-up work of some of the smaller Crafts, including the few
remaining kahunas of the South Pacific. The characters are
called in on a last ditch effort to save the magical lore of
Polynesia. Do they give the Technocracy a more tempting
target? Do they engage the Technocracy directly?

6. An all-kahuna game could be a blast and an exotic
change of pace if your players are getting tired of the gritty,
urban side of the World of Darkness. The mages from around
Polynesia all have slightly different approaches to magic. A
kahuna from Fiji or Hawaii will have a totally different take on
magic from a tohunga from Ao Te Aroa— at least as different
as that of a Verbena and a Euthanatos. After a bit of research,
the Storyteller (and perhaps the players) should feel free to
design the Polynesian "Traditions." As guidelines, think
about what raw materials for magic the islands of the South
Pacific offer to the mage: Oceans and volcanoes offer a lot to
the prospective student of Forces. Likewise, an island with a
heavy shark or octopus population might provide a strong
impetus for a mage to learn Mind magic. One of these
Polynesian "Traditions" might specialize in storm and vol-
cano magic (Forces); another tradition might be particularly
skilled in navigating the ocean and might therefore focus on
magical means of getting from island to island (Correspon-
dence); another might focus on working with the local flora
and fauna (Life, Mind), while another might emphasize the
spirit world and working with tikis (Spirit). The names,
specialties and mystical or philosophical underpinnings of

these "Traditions" are up to you and your players, and could
serve to take your game into some innovative new places.
7. Another plot link to Kindred of the East could
connect your game to both Asia and America. The Kuei-jin,
the vampires of Asia, are intenton making inroads into North
America and they are making great strides in San Francisco,
but they are still limited in their war effort by how many Kuei-

"Wor Yr 5

'
a"
|
a

alts

Ect an ' Aa |
TY MWR EN Maes Sy Mayet
ee

jin they can bring over. It would serve them well to have a
base of operations somewhere between Asia and North
America, and Hawaii (or any other Polynesian archipelago)
would serve perfectly. The native kahunas, however, might
have other ideas. A kahuna vs. Kuei-jin chronicle could be a
great variant on the more standard mage vs. vampire concept.

SAD ISLANDS IN STRANGE SEAS: POLYNESIA 39
12
(a Gabatant! \

ee Ce

dy,

a at

ob



SF RT TE Re TRE TR Cee TRE Ree TR

Agent Beauvoir
information file:

1 transcript of interview

has enjoyed limited success.

wil

(aN

h

i A,

AUDA UALR,

PRA TN

\

Attached please find

1 intercept of journal entries, decrypted

1 action plan summary and recommendation

Sincerely yrs,

Agent Spencer
ee

MEDIA FILE ATTACHED. Transcript is below.

TIME MARK: -10:04:02

There are no maximum speed limits on
The Road Train in question, an imported
tainers, was proceeding with all excess
hour out of Adelaide.

TIME MARK: - 6:03:05

Driver notes increase in evening fog
climate. No reduction in speed noted by

POS WEP. Wig ME
cs Pay a aL
thy

4

i iy

certain roads in this part of the world.
Peterbilt tractor with intermodal con-
speed in high gear, making way north, an

conditions. Very unusual for the dry
logs.

Wipe AWAKE IN THE DREATTTIME NATIVE AUSTRALIA 41
(ae Gd butat ty! I,
{

I

4s: om af é
Vann er he ee USL
Wiig aco cg 4?

A i

i)
1

TIME MARK: -4:23:50

Visibility distance dropping considerably. Road cameras are the only thing
keeping the train on the road. The fog is like a wall and driver is clearly
fighting vertigo as he struggles to keep the train on track.

TIME MARK: -2:23:45

Interior lights dimmed. Static patterns on tape, in keeping with paranormal
activity.

TIME MARK: -0:46:08

Seconds to crossportation, internal audio picks up the driver's curses and a
strange wailing sound. Analysis identifies this sound as a native instrument
called a didgeridoo. Side view mirrors vibrate from sonic impact

TIME MARK: +0:03:45

Crossover complete... light with strange blue striations is noted. No further
recording input. Truck break-up sounds noted on tape.

TIME MARK: +5:06:02

Glass shattering many minutes after final recording of the crash lends one to
believe there may have been human involvement in break-in of the cabin. See evidence
tag #345-B.

INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT: Operative Klein, tech on duty at time of incident

SPENCER: So, Operative.. Klein is it?

KLEIN: Yes, Klein. Look, this isn't something I need my lawyer for, is it?

SPENCER: Absolutely not. This isn't a formal investigation. I'm just trying to
get a grasp on the situation. You understand... it's not every day this sort of thing
happens.

KLEIN: Yeah, I get it. OK.

SPENCER: So, what do you do for us here?

KLEIN: Heh. I guess you could say I'm a geek for the Technocracy. I am the alpha
nerd in this part of the world for unconscious indigenous cultural phenomena and the
resulting dimensional instabilities.

SPENCER: Yes, I read your thesis on the quantum dissonance in the ruins of Catal
Huyuk, and your paper on Ojibwa medicine practices and the resulting hypospatial
instabilities concerning them. Very interesting work, Mr. Klein.

KLEIN: Thanks.

SPENCER: But you must have a hard time staying busy in such a specialized field.
Is that why you were on watch last night?

KLEIN: Yeah. We.. all us fellows... have to have a shift on «the Board,» as we call
it, from time to time.

SPENCER: I see. And this "Board" is the front end to the downlink from the
Kirlian Imaging Platform?

KLEIN: Yep. We call it the «Ley Eye» around here. Sounds cooler that way.

SPENCER: And you were sitting at the Board, working on the Tessary Distributed
Processing project, at the time the Event occurred?

KLEIN: We have to work on the Tessary during all minimal labor sequences that
aren't logged for recreation. Besides, it's kind of fun.

SPENCER: Describe for me what happened near 300 hours, please.

KLEIN: I noticed that the Coober Pedy zone's Q-Score was spiking big time, and I
began issuing maneuvering orders to the Ley Eye to prosecute.

SPENCER: The Q-Score is a correlation of D-space valences in an area versus the
regular normal baseline, correct?

KLEIN: Yeah, it's supposed to show D-space activity in an area. Basically, a
long-range Geiger counter for interphasic activity.

4

io tae '¢
eT ta thll qv '
cara at, ARS

10 SoH MMEA nt


SPENCER: Can you explain why the Q-Score logs show a spike building well in
advance of the 300 hour mark, and why you didn't make a move to prosecute the inter-
cept before that point?

KLEIN: I, ahh, I...

SPENCER: Is it true that you were hyper-focused on the distributed Tessary pat-
terns and, indeed, competing across the net with some of your peers in the New Delhi
Core to solve them?

KLEIN: Look, Ms. Spencer. I won‘t hide that I didn't have my attention fully on
the grid. It's hard to keep focused at the best of times. It's like watching grass
grow. And I had silenced the audible alarms because, heck, they go off whenever some
miscreant teenage Aboriginal sparks up a blunt, they're so sensitive. But it wasn't
that long before I could bring the Ley Eye to bear on the situation. I had it all
under control.

SPENCER: Did you notice a change in the phenomenon when the Kirlian Platform
finished vectoring?

KLEIN: Actually, no. That was definitely strange. Normally when we bring the ol'
Eye online, it really calms Q-Scores down rather quickly. I keep thinking about
Schrédinger, ya know, whenever I...

SPENCER: Please just answer the question, Mr. Klein.

KLEIN: Right. Well, the phenomenon's effect diameter actually widened and deep-
ened after we brought the Ley Eye on. Some tremendous negative co-valences, too, as
you saw in the data log. I haven't seen anything like it since the Soweto incidents
back in the Apartheid era. We're talking some serious crossover energy, some kind of
psychogenerative auric propagation with a definitive entropic component.

SPENCER: Yes, indeed. Well, that's good enough, Mr. Klein. I just wanted to show
you something on the monitor first. They are pictures of the Mr. Frank Guinn, driver
of the road train that was crossported.

KLEIN: Oh my God. He looks like.. like half his body melted... What the hell hap-
pened to him?

SPENCER: We're doing everything we can for him, Mr. Klein. I would just hope
that, in the future, you will be more careful when you're on the Board. I'm filing
this as a reprimand with an advisory that you were clearly earnest during question- \
ing.

KLEIN: Reprimand? Is this going to affect my rotation? I can't stay here for
another Session, I'm getting engaged, and...

SESS

SPENCER: Be thankful this event doesn't affect you like the crossport affected
Mr. Guinn out there. You're the lucky one, Mr. Klein. Now, if you'll excuse me, I
have to go out there and clean up the mess your inattention has caused. Good day. 2

ae;
mt

cr

Wipe AWAKE IN THE DREAMTIME: NATIVE AUSTRALIA

ae NA Aelepeety
A RAPA us en


/, my friends Angela, Darren and Cori in Internal
to the Woomer

his data connection. I am up
dethereal router with tru

time — I guess once

— it would be nice

fhey won't be long, I'm sure, |
ing my own kit-bashed di
' -switching techno
Lam wondering if I
tion.
‘file and the other d
28-bit key, referencit
ping it will do you
ie to think the Sphini
[m not, then you we
hen they send th
thing I want'
tthe Sphinx:

‘main box will go into a!
fa Tech until the time on:
It is just to be

ourse, it's one of h
'm sure they'll be t
jas not part of the
ders to show up:
rin the lo

ce in areas wh
were picking up m
|, a Class One Incid

ilong the road from Ad

ngela from IS found the

as no sign of the trailers
sl play a vital role in ké
tations in the bush. Witho

© My friend Annie in Conti

vanish, and when tl
d and re-educated)
ide and Alice Spring
‘re vital to the survival 0
blow away. +
to watch the operation as I was
have the Syndics requisition


Farm for Ani
towish heras
Static Farm d
And I
meant that e

(tong after. Funny thing 1 name is on
"(and my signature), 1 d the thing.
guess I won't ee
I puta travel sup-
plies on the exper ad into the

Norman B.
an Engin
definit

WIDE AWAKE IN THE DREAMTIME: NATIVE AUSTRALIA

bat age ' '
hia en ae

y
ft


stroke kind of guy. He drew th
People have often wond
ch accord back then: peo
along certain borders
€ his colleagues of the day'
lal sabbaticals traipsing throu
his controversial nature

onal edifice, and
sess to what is perhaps'
(which is the:
mple). Finally,

a camper van W

tality completely
as long as I
jot walking,
art in asking good ¢
; , and from
yower. The reality shi
i$ the hundreds of lang
id the length, width,
D in all its comp
a-territorial sin of over
More than he did.
One could better approach

‘Sure we stay inside the lines.
ticular topic. It certainly did
‘out that Aboriginal territo
ed politically correct att

‘anthropologists
o study this

ut the native
im dimension

d not been ableti

lous Aborig
final kinfolk, was'
nd burgers. My re
d the questions I p

Icame to know
ss, magic, if you will)
y one person, unenhanc
make apparent and clea
zing and generalizi
‘spelling of the tribal ni

age miles i in any direction


practical, noris it desirable to most. Following,
is my try at explaining the mystery of this pov
sand and looked into the eyes of the! :
through the Dreamtime. I am just ‘my mind before that acceptance.
jough the camper van was ¥ is jhly lubricated with beer and
g seeming to vanish in tl
gs, and I had a gut feeli
rs, I noted no dimens Is as dead-dull normal:
on, passing road tr ternal landscape at our'
ts on the roads. j a
s the Dreaming if we i | Martin, trying to draw h
there. White fou gotta know,
i You gotta kn v ors who sleep. T
d apologetic. "V ig. Whitefellas no

Tinsdale? He |
He was whitef jorthern P.
rs there. Ay

ked out. I d return quicl

ertain dimension tipment, the lapt
y limited compu o determine thal
d totally blanke d already uploat
jdNet! All in all, J E a
ded consequences ¢ ith the Elders. They
bring my ghost-box, ter carrying case I ust
it with me. An Abo ior or a guardian met
hut. It was a ramshacl van split open as if a
er had been used on it. A ta da makeshift tent.
a fairly large cave-til in front had an incense pi
a g a feather to fan started tugging at my khakis
the cotton bush-shirt I wore for {
y taboo in this encampment, and ognized the ceren
lly cleansed before presenting myself to the Elders.

|

WIDE AWARE IN THE DREAITTIME NATIVE AUSTRALIA 41

f] ‘ ¢ i ,
We VPN Mss ‘ ; UG (Bab tat!
1 a ' ! Wt .


~

ey ,4=
Set NSP) ) (5h
a

1d ere pls tt ws tg along with the ceremony. So, I shuct
old woman had placed at my feet. TI a fire neart

fire and tossed a handful of the
straight into my eyes. I nodded
© Then she upended the case and
shoes. I watched as my
tion kicked in. No matter
glad that these tiny {
were no problem: I had me
dly would enable me

emotions, struggled:
d around and saw
outstation, and

nan said, smiling as

now strange

field, pro i

nly the few sips th
ng to the sounds of th
| find food and water
using magical energ
, and there was food
aled by many subtle

my inner map: it was
rm to the People after I tr

Shell, the persona I keep to p
remember the thought-paths th
remember. I only have the Journ

joke. I didn't think it would fi
d suit with all my clothing,
that I had with me, caught
\ knew that I was glad
of just sitting there
oblem. They were sj
in I would be able to
tad all the seeming of.
ips, had driven c
de world. There
The guard

it damage. My ad

‘fad been listening to

nce and their W
pt looking for some
te them. But I could fi
st places, places th

's constructs. After
release upon making.
ther way. Now, even my Dis
s, is starting to dissolve. I ¢
it will unravel shortly if I do not
hat i me to "write" all of these words.

let me keep the Journal. I don't want to forget who
me to lead, I said, "I cannot lead. I do not know how to:

oy

Ged EN

pays

Pier h

_ "We will depend on you. Lead
_ He believed in me, and he
je skin that I had been g

we halted after a lo
haustion and just
d be up here.
with the Si
saying, "You:
ot find for

nd playing

your way. The Old Ones

Dreamborn."

when will this happend

grinned. "We go today,
ought he meant that we'd be
ad, the mob walked deep int
looming up for miles around. It'

roe jut in the

Tit a's

! 1

aA

behind me as I walked act
ng wind, but not much.

all iene saving

ae bush, the mob
tars. The stars,
where you'll b

mocked by |

b and I need

the cheek. "

Totem, is
about in. Wall
‘bee like the

f fe accented, You will

d the "old movie place."
astrange square on the hor
d movie screen, huge ag

irt of the world, I knew.


the screen somehow remained in

no other

marvel of the screen remained.
like Movie?" Joan asked wi
tomato for dinner.
ring. Why did we co
where there are init
with paintings a
. You get whitefella

1ed handing out the id
gon as they had
y could do that =

Ewithout so mut

fairly large b
smearil

lf, but there are im)
back with me. I will

Xoca, because I ki

the majesty of these p
at I wish now. =

Ck ee ata er 1% "tt i ; '
hier seen fat UG yochieweny tnagyt
ea Ob ge Ben AAS a ae whi
pet hh bee ix ia BM Wa Ni

THEGREAT SOUTHERN LAND ~

Australia is a unique land, a living mural of
diversity, mystery, and contrasts. Australia
possesses the wealth and prestige of aEuropean
country, but its proximity to the Pacific means
it is as much affected by Indonesia, China,
Japan, and Oceania as the USA is affected by
Canada and Mexico.

70,000 years ago, people came to Australia
"for the first time. It is theorized, based on
language analysis, that these people all once shared common
bond, orat the very least, acommon language. There are over
600 Aboriginal languages documented today. What caused
this Tower of Babel-style proliferation of new tongues? Per-
haps it was the nomadic lifestyle of the people, combined with
the special inter-relationships the various tribes evolved over
time to ensure genetic diversity. Perhaps it was due to the fact
that the People refuse to use words associated with taboo
subjects, so any time something was declared taboo, new
words had to be created to describe it.

Later, in 1788, the European settlers came. When the
American Revolutionary War made it impractical for Britain
to continue its practice of forcibly exporting criminals from its
shores to America, Australia proved to be a wonderful alterna-
tive. In addition to beinga seemingly vast land, italso appeared
to be much more harsh, climactically, than North America.

Science tells us that Australia has never had a truly
indigenous people. But certainly, those who have made their
home in the land for 70,000 years feel that they have a much
better claim on it than those who have been in Australia a
mere 200 years or so. There are some legends among the
Aborigines that speak of dingo-, lightning-, snake-, kanga-
roo-, and crocodile-men, but these have not been
independently verified.

Despite the Aborigines' seniority in tenancy, the Euro-
pean settlers and their descendants certainly have made their
claim stick over that of the Aborigines. Like the American
Indians, the Aborigines soon found that white men tended to
want to run them off their lands, especially where there were
precious natural resources to be taken. The whitefellas poi-
soned billabongs and infected the People with smallpox to
reduce their numbers, before the People were forcibly re-
moved from their traditional landsand required to "assimiliate"
with whitefella culture. Today, the Aborigines are winning
back their lands in the court system.

Many Aborigines, on the other hand, have slid into a
mire of despondency and have turned away from their tradi-
tional cultural beliefs. It could perhaps be argued that this,

too, is the fault of the Europeans. To a certain extent, the
Europeans will agree that they have wronged the Aborigines,
but draw the line at taking responsibility for the People's
current state of affairs.

Certainly, the Australian dominant culture has done
much, much more for its «indigenous» people than the
United States has done for its Native Americans: national
monuments have been renamed, native title has been re-
stored in some instances, Aboriginal spirituality and beliefs
have been accommodated in police investigations and fu-
neral practices. Large-scale attempts to educate the
European-descended Australians in cultural sensitivity to-
wards their Aboriginal countrymen have been made. Whole
areas of Outback have been designated as Aborigine-ruled
zones, with their own autonomy and local control. Though it
is a thorn in the side of the government, there is even an
Aboriginal capitol tent compound erected on the lawn of the
Australian Capitol!

Still, there are those who would see these reformserased and
the old ways put back. They'd rather call Uluru «Ayers Rock.»
Unlike the United States, where «Native Americans is consid-
ered «cool» and used to sell baseball games, cars, motorcycles,
soap, and expensive handicrafts, the European descendants of
Australia don't have much to do with Aboriginal culture.

After years of struggling with its unique identity, Australia
has settled down into two cultures occupying the same land-
scape: the European-based culture around the ocean-kissed
edges of the continent, and the Aboriginal culture in the great
sandy middle. Both cultures are Australian. This division is
representative of a magical aspect of Australia: spiritually, it is
literally a land of two separate, but connected, worlds.

C@LONIZATION

Australia has always been a hotly contested land, ever
since the "Great Southern Land" was discovered. It all began
with a pirate. William Dampier, an English pirate and ex-
plorer, was one of the first Europeans to chart part of the coast
that would one day be called Australia. This discovery later
led to Captain James Cook's more in-depth explorations.
Unfortunately, Dampier had to returm to port before much
more exploration, as his crew was limited by the debilitating
condition known as scurvy.

For his mission, Captain James Cook equipped a ship
called Endeavour to take him farther than he'd ever been
before. On this ship, Cook was able to utilize refined naviga-
tional techniques that allowed him both to better stay on
course and to chart land masses in a way that created a usable
map for a safe journey home.

Cook defeated scurvy by keeping a close eye on the
crew's food supply and making certain they got enough of the
proper nutrients to ward off the ailment. Cook sailed up the
eastern coast of Australia in the year 1770, round Cape York,
and landed at Botany Bay.

Although natives there at the time initially warned him
offand asked him to leave, they assisted him in finding water

. 163i a Whe er ey PE Pil esgy
UPC UAL UCP Sateag Gry uel ay tanya'
are caged ky flan sates ab
i 4 = ' Apa © ret
vs ay i! Psa Se at te re fiery

acl

aw

to replenish his stores. Once he was alone, he planted the
British flag in the soil and claimed the continent for England
and named the land as "New South Wales."

The strategic and cultural ramifications of this act were
not felt for a few years. Australia was well positioned to be a
valuable port of call for British ships traveling the Indian and
Pacific Ocean. Though there were other, shorter, routes to
take, the Dutch controlled these routes. England feared war
with the Dutch as a result. England needed a new source of
shipbuilding suppliesas well. Cook's Australia seemed perfect
to address these difficulties.

The crime rate in England soared when the American
Revolutionary War began, because the Colonies could no
longer be a dumping ground for criminals. Giant ship-jails
called «Prison Hulks» were moored in British harbors. Land-
based jails were tremendously overcrowded. Something had
to be done. Sir Joseph Banks, a naturalist onboard Cook's
survey voyage of the Endeavour, suggested that the new land
would make an excellent place to start a penal colony. His
suggestion led to the establishment of the First Fleet, which
left from England to cross the Pacific. The leader of the
expedition declared Botany Bay unsuitable and landed to the
north of that location, where they established camp. The tiny
colony was named Sydney after the Viscount Sidney, the
British Secretary of State who commissioned the voyage.

Life was very tough for the criminals forced to immigrate to
Australia. Not only were the crops poor, the ground was unsuit-
able for farming — as far as the English were concemed. In
addition tothat, Pemulwuy, the Rainbow Warrior,an Aboriginal
war leader and resistance fighter, lead ambushes and attacks
against the colonists, for they had invaded the territory with
which his tribe had long been entrusted. There was only one
woman for every four men in that time. Farming was so bad that
thecolony very nearly starved todeath. There wasno Thanksgiv-
ing, no saving grace by the native people to carry them through.

Absent their convenient American dumping ground,
the English had begun characterizing the Great Southern
Land as being a terrible place, a place where one should send
criminals. As the economic situation in England worsened,
the government changed its tack and began to try and
convince subjects to immigrate to Australia. The people who
were most desirable were skilled craftsmen and professionals,
people who could help build and secure the colony.

For these skilled workers, the Crown offered a subsidized
passage ona ship to Australia. This subsidized passage was little
more than steerage. The cramped, unhealthy conditions meant
passengers arrived in ill health. Many died in the crossing.

Those whodid make the crossing safely found large tracts
of land just waiting to be claimed. Heedless of Aboriginal
resistance, these free settlers decided to hunker down to
defend their new lands against all comers. These «squatters,»
as they were called, were to later become extremely wealthy
individuals in the future of Australia as a result of their
tremendous land-based resources.

Gold and other valuable minerals created boomtowns
and drew prospectors to Australia. Mining became a major
focus of activity, especially in the west. Gold, opal, and
uranium mining all had their booms and busts.

Because of Australia's prominence in World War II,
refugees have been arriving since, starting in earnest in 1945
when the government took steps to increase immigration.
The most recent refugees come from New Zealand, where
comparatively easy entrance restrictions mean that South-
east Asians immigrate there and then move to the Australian
coast. Today, Australia is an extremely multi-cultural, inter-
national country. The political struggles and economic forces
at work between the descendants of European settlers and
Aboriginal people (and those who have intermarried) are
really not part of this work. Suffice it to say that, like any huge
social problem, it has many different sides and you should
spend some time researching it if you wish to run a long-term
chronicle in Australia. In order to give you a working knowl-
edge of the Aboriginal side of history, you will have to see
things through their eyes.

THE ABORIGINAL PEOPLE'S
PERSPECTIVE

It is theorized that the Aboriginal people crossed a land
bridge of sorts from what is commonly referred to in geo-
graphic theory as "PanGaea," the large mega-continent that
existed in pre-history.

Evolutionary theory states that this is the only explana-
tion for the existence of Aborigines in this land, but the
Aborigines know their own creation story quite well, and
claim that they are descendants of the Early Ones, the
Dreamtime Ancestors, given human form as a boon for being
continuously loyal to their Elders. Asa result, it is Aboriginal
humanity's job to take care of, and keep sacred, the lands they
were assigned. This spiritual principle of custodial bonds to
the land put them at immediate odds with the European
incomers, whose ideas of territoriality were much different.

The policies of the Australian government towards the
Aboriginal people have changed over the years. The oldest
ideas centered around the concepts of "terra nullius," or
"blank land." "Terra nullius" meant that nobody owned the
land of Australia before colonization. Therefore, Aborigines
had no claim to title of the land and the colonists could take
what they liked, pushing Aboriginal people off their land as
they wished (just as happened in North America).

Later came the social Darwinist idea of "natural selec-
tion," which said that, because the European settlers' culture
was intrinsically more advanced and civilized, it would natu-
rally edge out the Aboriginal culture. Because of this policy, the
Aboriginal population dropped to around 50,000 individuals.

In response came the wave of church missionsand the idea
that Aboriginal people could somehow be assimilated into the
Eurocentric culture of the white Australian people. Unfortu-

t

ave

toe

nately, this policy took the native people out of their cultural
context, out of the lands with which they were familiar, and
attempted to force them into the mold of the proper citizen of
the Commonwealth. In some cases it worked and the Aborigi-
nes joined society. In others, it failed miserably.

Those who were taken from their lands were considered to
be lost. This practice held sway for so long that those People
who were taken are considered "The Stolen Generation,"
although the practice continued for longer than a generation.

This process of attempting to "civilize" these people has
been blamed for rampant poverty, epidemic drug abuse (in-
cluding alcoholism), and widespread homelessness among
the Aboriginal population. Finally, out of the assimilation
movement, a self-reliance movement emerged which even-
tually blossomed into the self-government movement, and
the idea of native title came into play.

In 1992, the Mabo decision of the High Court of Austra-
lia recognized the prior claim of Aboriginal Australians.
Today, many Aboriginal family groups are trying to reclaim

AUSTRALIA'S ITIAGIC

their native title to lands that have been taken over by
European descendants, and some are succeeding. Definitely,
the movement towards allowing the remaining Aboriginal
tribes their land and allowing them to shepherd and protect
their native title has meant that traditional culture and
practice has been able to thrive again.

Up until the Reckoning, Australia was largely ignored by
the vast majority of mages, both Technocratic and Tradi-
tional, because of its supposed magical barrenness and the
perception that, were there any magical secrets to be had, the
Dreamspeakers had them sewn up. The Void Engineers are
perilously close to breaking the Kirlian "code" for the
Dreamtime. Using grid computing techniques, they will no
doubt discover the D-space wavelength they have been
seeking for some time. When that happens, they will surely
seek to "discover," catalog, survey, and report on the
Dreamtime. But for now, at least, Australia is hardly magi-
cally barren. Its secrets, however, are not for everyone.

The magic of Australia is as varied as the 700
languages the Aboriginal peoples once spoke.
The power that flows through the land is still
great, even though centuries have dulled its
B luster, and technology and modern-day advances
have slowed its growth; the power remains,
embedded in the very land. Indeed, the poweris
the land — sleeping gods are mountains, the
lightning dances along with the People, and
from under a rock, a Dreambom ancestor watches in the form
ofa lizard, unseen. There is no part of the Outback that is not
touched with the myth and truth of Dreamtime power.

WHAT IS THE DREATITIME?

The Dreamtime isa rare kind of spirit phenomenon, a very
large, semi-sentient, flexible and polymorphic Shallow Realm.
Before the Shattering and the Technocratic Paradigm, the first
shamans in Australia sought to create just such a Shallowing as
a home and haven for their Dreamborn kin, by anchoring a
spiritual territory so closely with its material counterpart that
there would be very little difference between the two. They
thereby created the Songlines of the Dreamtime. They remain,
albeit diminished, among the greatest achievements of human
magic in history, a lasting testimony to those ancient People.

Using his Spirit magic and drawing on the strength of his
familiarity with the Dreamtime, a shaman can then easily
pass back and forth from common Australia to the Dreamtime,
and back again, enjoying the benefits of both realms without
experiencing the Avatar Storm at all. The other benefits and
corresponding consequences for becoming familiar with the
Dreamtime are listed in Initiation Benefits, below.

rR CO eC Tn
I st 4, i th iL a e HN Peete, 4 At :
Le sds et TPM ay

WIDE AWAKE IN THE DREAMTIME NATIVE A\ 53

‘ wy dele 5
Vr etl ert yy Mh
‘

WHERE IS THE DREAIITTIME?

The Dreamtime stretches the length and breadth of Austra-
lia,and extends even toislands in the Torres Strait and other close
landmasses where Aboriginal people have immigrated, and where
Dreambom still sleep. Although some mages have theorized that
such a feat of magic could be duplicated elsewhere, it is not
considered possible under the present Technocratic paradigm.

WHAT THE DREAMTIME Is NoT

The Dreamtime is most definitely not the Umbra itself,
although the stars located high in the Dreamtime night sky are
thought to be portals into the Near Umbra. The difference
between the Dreaming, which is the source of Fae power, and
the Dreamtime needs to be explained: The Dreaming flows
through Australia; the world's imagination has been captured
by those myth-stories that resonate throughout the land down
under. But the Dreamingis not the Dreamtime. Think of them
as two different cable channels: Changeling's Dreaming is
MTV, and the Dreamtime is more like the Discovery Channel.

H@W To FIND THE DREAMTIME

It isn'tas if you can ride through downtown Sydney ina
taxi, get out, and step into the Dreamtime. The noise of the
city, the pervading paradigm of the Technocratic Union, and
the lack of connection with ancestral Dreamborn
makesit very difficult, ifnot impossible, toenter the Dreamtime
there. However, the Dreamtime still thrives in the vast tracts
of land in the Outback where very few people permanently
dwell, and where only Aboriginal people can safely travel,
moving slowly enough to step through the veil and into the
spirit realm. The slow, measured stride of the Aboriginal
shaman on foot, the humming of the vast drone of a Songline

"

yf

i

doy


CRUE RE
Pm

The Dreamtime is but one of many possible Shallow
ealms. A Shallow Realm is merely a spiritual construct that
lodged somewhere between the reality of our world and the

bolism of the spirit world. Somewhere between the Gaunt-
bt and the Umbra, these spiritual constructs bloom and float,
ubble-like, on the Velvet Shadow itself: a boil on the face of
he Umbrascape. Creating them in modem times is extremely
Acult. Maintaining them against the weight of the masses'
lisbelief in such things is well-nigh impossible without chan-
Ling Quintessence directly from several Node sources. But
ome Sleeping Lands, as they are called, are "grandfathered"
nto the reality of the world because they existed prior to the
d of the Mythic Age and becaulse the Sleeping Lands
hemselves had attained a kind of spiritual sentience and were
to draw upon Nodes within their boundaries to stay

P against the crushing weight of Reason.
The method of creating anew Sleeping Land bas
‘ome lost toall buta few, but there are more of the People
h Australia who know the ancient way than there are in

By other world population:

SING THE DREAITIING EARTH
90° OR eeecee [TIIND, eeeee PRITE,
eee SPIRIT]
This rote allows a mage to create an area of Shallowing
billed a Sleeping Land. The area of the Shallowing is
ectly related to the successes on the roll. When per-
prmed in ceremony, this rite is not considered vulgar.
System: In order to properly Sing the Dreaming Earth,
mage must have a group of ceremonial assistants willing to
the mage with this rite. Non-mages are considered
erly trained if they have Occult 4 or Enigmas 4, or
amtime Lore of 2orbetter. Note thatthe mage receives one
Bradlie for every five of these non-mage helpers participating,
non-mages actually form living anchors for the initial
ints of construction for the Sleeping Land. The rote uses the
lind sphere to connect the assistants with the principle
list, so that they all work together simultaneously.
Each extended dice roll represents one hour of ceremonial
mncingand chanting. The magic flows from mind tomindin the
m, Which is essentially a twisting, curling, snake-like hoop.
+h participant in the ritual must be within sight of the other:
ose enough to see the pupils of each other's eyes. The number
successes required is determined by the number of people
elved, and thus the number of points on the looping curve.
sistants Area Inscribed Successes
A bedroom 10
A suburban house 15

__ Deap Mack Il
ayiy ier

Nfs

A football field or similar large area 20

A small town 30

Acity 40
10,000 A continent the size of Australia 50

The mage must also have at least one Node available:
him to supply the necessary Quintessence to maintain th
Sleeping Land against the crushing weight of Reason. Thi
of the Sleeping Land as a giant hot air balloon of Spi
raw, free Quintessence from the Node, channeled by Prim
will be the warm air that causes the envelope to rise an
attain shape. Finally, using Mind 5 in the rote aids the initi
casting and makes the envelope semi-aware and able
discern who should and who should not have access withii
Casting: Either a single mage or a small core group

mages will begin the rite, which will introduce them and
call the People to respond. One by one, the other partic!
filter through the group or past the initiator. They touch!
with this mage, and then begin to walk. When they have gon
far enough, they will turn and wait for the rite to contint
Each person participates by walking along the boundaries
the future Sleeping Land with their apprentices.

RULES FOR SLEEPING LANDS

Sleeping Larids are constructions of Mind, Prime a
Spirit magic. When created, theyre rated according to th
number of successes used to generate the is rati
known as their Duration trait. If everything
and harmonious, the Sleeping Land would exist ind
nitely. But the filthy fingernails of reality pick at tt
nodule of Quintessence like a man picks at a scab.
addition, something the mage brings to the Land itself ma
cause it to become threatened. Sleeping Lands thus lo
Duration successes at the following rate:

-1 per month of existence (12 per year)

-Lforevery 50 crossings of its boundary (either in or out

-1 for each point of Paradox Backlash that occ!
inside or near it

In addition, a Spirit ¢¢* and Prime ¢#¢ effect c
conceivably deal direct damage to a Sleeping Land's
tion. Luckily, because the Spirit Effect is sustained by
ritual magic, a Sleeping Land only requires Prime #¢
fund a repair Effect, restoring a number of Duration su
cesses equal to the Effect roll.

If a Duration is ever allowed to reach zero®
successes, the Sleeping Land is no more.

Please note that thissystem applies only toanewly creat
Sleeping Land. Sleeping Lands that pre-date the end of d


es ee
—
fk4t_\

SHALL@®W REALMS

The Dreamtime is a massive Shallow Realm. Sleeping
ands, as defined above, are also Shallow Realms. These
hinor, crafted, close-in Spirit Realms are never accidental
ind they must be maintained to remain in existence.
hallow Realms have the following characteristics:
© Created by magic; never found naturally. The first
allow Realms were created by Primal magic before the
awn of history. Unbeknownst to most mages, the static
agic ritual secret of crafting a special kind of Shallow
alm called a Den Realm was gifted to the Bastet by their
iding spirit patrons.
Keyed to a specific individual or a class of individu-
"only those individuals may interact with it.
® Tied to a specific territory/boundary on Earth, al-
hough larger Shallow Realms tend to ebb and flow in size.
© Limited, if any, influence on Earth and its paradigm.
© Limited, if any, access to the Umbra.

e Either created prior to the Age of Reason, and
"grandfathered" into the Consensus of Earth, or crafted 5
static magic using jealously guarded and difficult-to-obtaii
static rituals. Any other method usually results in a
unstable Shallow.

* Detectable by Prime or Spirit magic for only a fé
minutes after it is directly interacted with (i.e. someon
enters or leaves, or calls upon a power or spirit within
Realm). Otherwise, it liesquiescent and hidden within
warp and weave of the Tapestry." yo.

* Requires connections either to Nodes ‘or. staf
magic to remain in existence.

© Guarded by its native entities, sometimes feré
ciously so.

feasibly be useful in any other Shallow Realm with mii
adjustments and modifications unique to the Sb
Realm in question.

CROSSING OVER

Crossing from Australia into the Dreamtime is a
mple matter for those who are initiated, where the
eamtime is strong. Consult the chart below for the
auntlet level that must be used with a Step Sideways
ffect where it is not as strong. Note that Gauntlet diffi-
ulty is not the same as the presence or absence of
eamtime: that is a more esoteri¢ concept covered in A
g, Ephemeral but Infinite Song, below.

sauntlet Difficulty Conditions

Walking the Songlinesin the Outback

Aboriginal-tended wilderness territory
Abandoned wilderness territory or
any billabong

Outskirts ofan Aboriginal settlement
Well-traveled "tourist"
(like Uluru)

Outskirts of a European settlement
in the Outback

Anywhere near a railroad ora high-
way in the Outback

Desert Town (Coober Pedy)
Suburb

Outskirts of a city

Downtown Sydney

territory

W/IDE AWARE IN THE Deceit i iin AUSTRALIA
rabid ih r pM ars

Fy, ! aN oy oe yn rainy 4

va i pone

my
ct? reree

i, Ky Ai

eu

* Any difficulty lower than 3 constitutes. Shallowin
and does not require a Step Sideways Effect for the init
ated toenter the Dreamtime. When the Dreamtime reache
this level, an initiated person may cross over with a Wits
Dreamtime Lore roll, difficulty 7. The following modifieg
would apply:

-3 during a ceremony performed by Initiates

-2 during a Songline droned by a single Initiate

-1 while carrying a properly prepared Message Stick

-l wherever there are more than 100 of the People i
one place

-1 when intoxicated (without the aid of the rot
Liquor's Calling)

-3 when intoxicated (with the aidofthe rote Liquor"
Calling)

-1 if properly "painted up"

+3 if in earshot of the song "Waltzing Matilda"

+3 ifin the presence of any non-initiated Eur

+2 if in the presence of any non-initiated Europea

+2 forfive minutes when anyone mentions Crocodile Die

+1 for five minutes if anyone says "G'day, mate"

+1 if dressed in typical modern-day street clothes

+1 if in the presence of European technology (i
including Land Rovers, which are somehow accepted)

ss (eat

‘oe yi

a ee cy J al |

aga

tal he)

Lippe 1 Ze

is ¢ a
as

eae |

47/9
iz a

hd
Wi
f

bd

P »
ite
?
J
cs is

oe
q
4

‘te

i
——
aa
r

4

/

Wf)
i

Le
als

: =18/

CP a
7 he
on. g
at |

vc

735

¥
7m |

J :
us

ea

—= "?
; a .

ii oawrh

g ea

oss

Sa Nev

all Ete:

Boma ton

er

guiding her steps — these are the keys that are used to unlock
the path into the Dreamtime.

C\- A LINEIN THE SAND; S@NGLINES
\e ye ad Think of the Dreamtime as a massive quilt, stitched by
"dj tame = Songlines criss-crossing each other. The Songlines are both
J

hm 3 body of knowledge (tribal law, oral tradition, lore and folk
af _ wisdom) in the form of songs and stories played and told to the
People from the moment they are old enough to understand,
and they are actually invisible lines in the sand, hidden roads
of spirit crisscrossing the Outback. These lines define the
spiritual territory of a specific Aboriginal family group. Each
territory is specific to that family group and each member of
that family group takes an oath to protect the Dreamborn
Ancestors who sleep in or around that area.

A FLEETING, EPHEMERAL BUT INFINITE SONG

The Dreamtime is, however, liquid and flexible. Like the
swells and strains of the Songlines, or the endless tides of the
world's oceans, it can well up in a place and then suddenly
vanish like water poured onto desert sands.

As a result, a wise shaman will keep his inner senses
tuned to that particular rhythm that tells him if the Dreamtime
has flowed, like a sudden invisible monsoon flood, into his
area. What would cause this? Any number of things.

The spirit moves in non-rational ways:

© A sufficiently powerful, awakened Dreamborn spirit
could be invisibly dragging the Dreamtime along with it in its
long, slow circuitous wanderings.

© The yearnings of a young Aboriginal male for his
homeland territory may have called out, silently and irresist-
ibly, to the Dreamtime. And the Songlines answered.

© The performance of a particularly sincere and beauti-
fully done ceremony could bring the Dreamtime in like the
ocean at high tide.

© Some work of Correspondence, Time or Spirit magic
could have called the Dreamtime as a side-effect of the
originally intended Effect (although, curiously enough, no-
body has been able to do this on purpose).

® The passing of an Elder of the People tends to draw the
Dreamtime near.

© The presence of a particularly sacred substance or
mineral, such as red ochre or opals or some other item
considered holy might draw the Dreamtime closer.

S@NGLINE SINGING: USING THE DREAITITIME

The Dreamtime is less like a force to be manipulated or
tool to be used and more like a companion to be understood,
a dance partner in your mutual magic. In fact, it resists
outright commands and responds better to cajoling, coaxing
and diplomacy. Rotes created for use with the Dreamtime
take this tendency into account and will go to great lengths
to get and keep the Dreamtime's attention.

56 pany Mes t

TY a i io idee | Yea
4 [an Fe ‘ ' 1" id | : :

SS) Staff FEN Na:

Tr
*

Like any ancient power, it will go its own way and it keeps
its own counsel. This can make for some severe contrariness
sometimes: even in downtown Sydney, a group of the People,
performing ceremony and using their traditional instruments,
could conceivably call the Dreamtime forth without realizing
it or even trying hard.

INITIATION RITE

In order fora mage to work with the Dreamtime in any way
at all, they must be first introduced to it. This introduction
takes place within the context of an Initiation Rite. Only those

This is a special Knowledge Ability that covers the
collected wisdom of the Lawmen and Law-women of the
People. Dreamtime Lore is used to handle activities involv-
ing rituals, knowledge of the presence or absence of taboos,
knowledge of the location of spiritual billabongs, the pres-
ence or absence of Dreamtime Ancestors in an area, and
whether or not someone is initiated or is an Elder.

The minimum Dreamtime Lore rating needed to be
able to Initiate anyone else is 3 dots, which is also the
minimum needed to create Passage Sticks, to sanctify
yidakis, and to otherwise create ritual items of the People.

Novice: Youare either a newly initiated European
or an Aboriginal child. Still, you know enough to
know when you should hold your tongue.

Practiced: You have participated in dancing several
ceremonies and you have started to wonder if you're
ready to lead your own. You are starting to become
familiar with the characters painted on the walls of

sacred caves.

. Competent: They call you "Papa" or "Mama"
and you know much of the ways of the People.
Still, with all you know, you also realize that

there is so much more to learn.

Expert: You have led ceremonies for years and have
even invented afew steps of yourown. Your Songlines
are added to the great Song that sweeps across the
Dreamtime. You have been quietly restoring the
sacred lines on the ancient cave paintings to pre-
serve them.
Master: You are a great Elder of the People, with the
secrets of the Dreamtime locked in your soul. You
have crafted your own cave paintings to mark the
events of today and the flow of the future.
Possessed by: The People, academics, anthropolo-
gists, linguists, tour guides :
Specialties: Crossing Over, Law Giving, Truth-
saying (prediction), Cave Drawing, Women's Business,
Men' S aia. sonvtelling. Skin a Nannie. Land Rec-

anes acy nin
rae relat ee ee

+
=-

aT we

-——-~
---

| rae

A 4a LT

oo een od

who have been initiated may initiate others, andthe Dreamtime
has been known to withdraw initiation from some and refuse
to initiate others. Whether this is a conscious act on the part
of some guiding spirit intelligence, or a "karmic" result of the
actions of the person in question is irrelevant.

The fact remains that some do not receive their initiation
no matter how sincerely the ceremony is performed. Further-
more, ifan initiated person no longer participates in ceremonies,
or has dishonored any spiritual pacts they may have made, or
has actively harmed any of the People, their initiation may be
suddenly and forcibly withdrawn. All the Elders have a phrase
to explain this: "The Dreamtime knows its own way."

When a mage is initiated by certain Aboriginal family
groups, he receives a special kind of surname called a "Skin
Name." This name identifies his traditional lineage to other
Aboriginal Lawgivers, and allows him access to some family
groups' alliances.

Note that non-mages can be initiated — indeed, perhaps
the majority of those initiated by the Dreamtime are non-
Awakened, traditional Aborigines. However, they cannot
enter the Dreaming except at Shallowings, where the Gaunt-
let is below 3. (See the Crossing Over sidebar.)

System: Only those with Dreamtime Lore @@@ can
attempt the ritual of initiation. The ritualist will roll Cha-
risma + Dreamtime Lore. Difficulty is as follows, according to
the nature of the person being initiated:

Difficulty Initiate

9 Technomage

8 Awakened European mage (not a Dreamspeaker
or Verbena)

7 Non-Awakened European
Non-European, Dreamspeaker or Verbena mage

5 Lost Aborigine (one of the People who was raised
outside of her tribe)

4 Traditional Aborigine

Only one success is required for non-magical people.
Mages require a number of successes equal to their Arete. The
following modifiers to the difficulty are used (these are
cumulative, but the difficulty can only be modified by a
maximum of +/- 3):

-1 Initiate has been without the use of modern-day
technology for over a week

-1 Initiate has not used magic within a week

-] Initiate is exhausted, extremely thirsty, and/or rav-
enously hungry

-1 Initiate is intoxicated

-1 Initiate is sincerely wishing connection with the

Dreaming
+3 Initiate isdoubtful ornotaccepting of the Dreamtime

+1 Initiate has visited the non-Dreamtime Umbra of
Australia

WIDE plies IN THE DECANE: — AUSTRALIA

-— -

— ITIAN'S BLUFF

Without the Initiation Rite, the Dreamtime (and all
that inhabits it) may as well not exist for that particular
person or willworker. After the Shattering, the Shaman Fire-
tender convinced the Dreamtime to go unseen, like the
Goanna in the desert. Ever since then, it has been extremely
difficult for non-initiated mages to see, let alone understand.

Still, the Dreamtime's stealthy ways aren't perfect. It
should be noted that, prior to the Reckoning, the Void
Engineers were on the verge of discovering the Dreamtime
using a system that combined sophisticated dimensional
space filtering algorithms with an orbital, dimensional-en-
ergy sensing platform, and have resumed the project after the
disarray caused by their tremendous losses.

The Dreamtime is exclusively for those who are initiated in
its ways. It is impossible for the uninitiated to interact magically
with the Dreamtime. For uninitiated willworkers using the Spirit
sphere, magic will only reach the Penumbra with its attendant
Avatar Storm, while their initiated peers will easily pierce the veil
into the Dreamtime. While an initiated mage can lead several
others into the Dreamtime, they may not find their way alone.

Uninitiated willworkers calling upon Australia's spirit
world will receive the attention of all manner of "imported"
Eurocentric spirit-forms and a few primal animal spirits that
have wandered into or become trapped within the Penumbra,
but no spirits of the Dreamtime. This is what has led many
mages to believe that Australia isa barren spiritual wasteland,
and one of the many reasons it has been left alone by much of
Eurocentric mage-kind since its discovery.

As well, those who are without initiation will not be able
to sense the ebb and flow of the Dreamtime, nor pick up on
those who are specially attuned to it. For the most hubris-
wracked of mages, the Dreamtime is a massive joke, a desert
mirage conjured by primitive natives who obviously don't
know what they are talking about.

System: Any non-initiated mage attempting to work
Effects to locate and/or interact with the Dreamtime must
pierce a 50-success Ward, erected before the dawn of history.

AW AKENED EYES @PENED

For a mage, the effect of becoming initiated is that he is
suddenly able to perceive the vast spiritual energy field that is
the Dreamtime, and interact with it. This is an all-or-nothing
state: there is nothing gradual or experiential about it.

Initiation Benefits

© Perception + Awareness (or Perception + Dreamtime
Lore, whichever is desired) may sense the presence or absence
and relative strength of the Dreamtime in any area, on any
one person or object. This is not the case with the uninitiated.

e A mage receives special consideration from the spiritual
properties of the Dreamtime when she does her magic in the
Dreamtime. Thus, the difficulties for certain forms of magic

57

cee Be

HT a0 :
a

ei
La tied
'
e

aie we
Fd
a
—
moi

He
Q

r , 5 it

iiss t Wey, veh ern ral! vr valid vn ra \ alii! onan te ‘
i ay . oT hie Te dy, EA Py vw ar % i a a "ah ‘ a "Tl, tere the 7" oe -) ht.

Mah PN GS

» be:

>

= a '
UN "
f ~
a ~d
ws? brad
d =
-
a "a
el
Paro.
a - ~ (4
~~
a

Ya.
Ni:
A

>

fA
ae
~
i.
‘
'

LS
as)

1}
b
fs

ag tt
og OD DE
— ae
1

5 = oS Met

es =

worked within the Dreamtime are easier and generate less Paradox,
ifany. See the Magic in the Dreamtime sidebar for more information.

e A mage may learn and utilize rotes specially crafted by
shamans for the Dreamtime.

e The mage receives an attunement with a specific
Dreamborn Ancestor spirit, which may serve to assist him in
everyday ways. See Dreambom Ancestors, below.

Initiation Responsibilities

@ The initiated mage is connected with a Dreamborn
Ancestor the way some Dreamspeakers are connected to
other Totems. The initiated mage gains a Dreamborn Ances-
tor taboo, a ban that he must never break. This usually
involves refusing to eat or kill a certain animal, which is
considered to be the ancient Dreamborn Ancestor of that
mage. See the individual Dreamborn listings for details.

© The initiated mage must honor the spiritual pacts he has
made and must not break his word ofhonor toa Dreamtime spirit.

¢ The initiated mage must not directly work to bring
lasting harm the People in any way.

¢ The initiated mage must occasionally attend ceremo-
nies of the People.

THE REW/ARD OF POWER: CONSERUENCES

The consequences of not maintaining these responsi-
bilities will be a temporary break in connection with the

_ ad me o

jhe a Se A

~ gq wet ¢ a Oa
—

Dreamtime. During these "disconnected" times, the mage's
ability to work Dreamtime magic is spotty at best: all
difficulties are three higher than normal. Only through
the intervention of a fully trained shaman of the People
may a mage who has gone astray be brought back into right
relationship with the Dreamtime. Usually this is done
after a period of consultation and privation, after which
the shaman in question performs a purification and rededi-
cation ritual.

The Dreamtime does not accept hypocrisy and will not
renew a mage's connection if it senses the mage does not have
a true commitment to it.

Sometimes a mage will be required to conduct the ritual
of Walkabout, to wander the Outback for days seeking to
discover herself and hopefully survive the experience. These
Walkabouts are life- and paradigm-changing events, and
occasionally result in death. The mage is given a Message
Stick explaining who she is and sent to wander the Outback
until she meets herself or dies — whichever comes first.

\W/H@ ITIAY INITIATE?

Only those who have themselves been initiated may
initiate others. In addition, they must possess at least three
dots in Dreamtime Lore to perform the rite successfully. See
Initiation Rite for more information.

SPIRITS

The People express the Songlines of the Dream-
me ing in many different ways. All of them reflect
m4 that these Songlines are sacred and powerful.
43 They are the subtle laws, myths, and potent

J out Australia. Each Songline reaches back
through time to the First Time. In the
Dreamtime, these songs are still being sung for
a the first time by the Dreamborn.

Each Dreamborm spirit represents a power in and of itself,

It is, however, advantageous to use the Totem Back-
ground, as written and outlined in Tradition Book:
Dreamspeakers, to represent the People's relationship with
their Dreamborn Ancestor. Aboriginal mages will purchase
the Totem Background as part of their character generation.
Non-Aboriginal mages, having already Awakened, are not
privy to the same rush of connection with their Dreamborn
Ancestor as the People's mages are. Instead, they must spend
experience to purchase levels of the Background. Slowly but
surely, the bond increases, but in the beginning, it is but a

‘! 444 = aSacred Ancestor. Humans, especially the native people of | whisper (unless, of course, the initiation rite ends a particu-
rh : Australia, were created by the Rainbow Serpent out of the _ larly glorious chapter in the non-Aboriginal mage's life, and
r. ‘= most successful, cleverest Dreamborn back in the PanGaea the Storyteller awards her with experience points she can
»» days. Thus, by tracing your human ancestry, you may be able immediately spend to buy the Background).

; fs ‘to one day discover which of the Dreamborn you once were, All Dreamborn Ancestors purchased through this back-
Trt $ which creates a spiritual and familial bond that reaches deep ground start with five points to allocate between three traits:
ya! into the soul's bedrock. Rage, Willpower, and Gnosis, and they have five points of
ry i Although the word "totem" comes froma Native Ameri- Power. The Ancestor begins with the charms Airt Sense and

' if can Ojibwa term that was translated into English as"guardian Re—form. For more information on Dreamborn Ancestors,
s MW spirit," and conceptually the word does not capture thedepth consult Tradition Book: Dreamspeakers.
aid| of the bonds between such a spirit and the People, many REAITIBO
Si ) fe af European people use the word "totem" to describe one's D RN ANCESTORS
‘ ., i guiding spirit. As a result, the People are sometimes said to Here are a few Dreamborn Ancestors and what Innate
. re s* have chosen this or that totem. This is not authentic. They Abilities, if any, they impart to a willworker who is tied to
. {- i. ) are not totems. them.
fies 4

Mil 58 Deap Mac I
Boa ae

lb a ae T { ee .%
ait pee rade ti iy ‘its ey ea "I en okie IY, a ‘ne ltt a!
""s ay Peat 7 My te Bic | Pa | \ © ' . . Poe fs moe
hep Pesala COME OO PR deat lp equa aa ee fa a TR ot

Because the Dreamtime is its own Shallow Realm,
agical Effects in keeping with the teachings of the
amborn Ancestors and the Early Ones' wisdom are easier
B use and generate little to no Paradox, even on a botch.
Lore-gathering effects (especially use of the Time
phere for foreknowledge or glimpses of the past), commu-
ication, healing, restoration, and personal transformation
fects, and any effects of the Mind sphere (except astral
which is not possible within the Dreamtime) are
idered sanctioned by the Dreamtime.

There is, however, a catch. Magical Effects begun in
Dreamtime remain in the Dreamtime, and may not
pach where the Dreamtime's aura does not touch. Think
it this way: the Tapestry of the Dreamtime is more fluid,
Ore open to manipulation by those who are initiated. But
willworkings sung up in the Dreamtime are too fragile
p stand against the harsh reality of Earth.

If a shaman went into the Dreamtime to heal the
n limb of her camel by wrapping it in Aboriginal

Although the Dreamtime is closer to material real-
ty than even the Penumbra, mages who spend toomuch
¢ in the Dreamtime become somewhat disconnected
om reality. For every 24 hours of time a mage stays in
¢ Dreamtime, he experiences an equal number of days
ce he returns to the material world in a kind of
gical delirium called "dreamsickness." Dreamsick
ages work all magical Effects with a +3 difficulty
nodifier during their dreamsickness, accompanied by a

C@CKATIEL (I INNATE ABILITY)

Cockatiel was once the largest bird in the Dreamtime.
His vanity, however, cost him his size. He boasted that he was
more beautiful than Lightning Man's wife. Lightning Man
used his power and reduced Cockatiel to the small, vain,
angry bird that we know today. Cockatiel-kin tend to be
attractive, artistic, shallow, and mean.

Ban: You must never turn down the opportunity to be
admired and must always acceptany compliments given to you.

Innate Ability: Following a Dreamborn of great vanity,
seeking pleasure always, those adopted by Cockatiel receive
a +1 bonus to all Appearance rolls.

DiNc@ (3 INNATE ABILITIES)

Crafty, intelligent, stealthy, and quick, the Dingo is an
ubiquitous trickster. Able to cross easily between the lands of the
Outback and the streets of civilization, Dingo fights for its
survival on a daily basis. With an extremely cunning mind,
Dingo guides those he claims to break the boundaries and go
where no one should be. Dingo decided to be the helper and
watcher of the First Shaman. He stole fire and gave it to the

WIDE PERE IN THE DREAMITIME NATIVE AUSTRALIA 59
‘ vib ; , ifs

enti

HYNES So WSP YTS Soattag YY

AAS

DREAITISICKNESS

dressings and performing a dance ceremony, and then d
a Life Effect to heal it, the camel would emerge from
Dreamtime healed. The Dreamtime supports healing.
shaman who stepped into the Dreamtime and pulls a
immense opal from the ground using a Correspond
and Matter Effect would find when he emerged that
hands held nothing but quickly vanishing, glittery d
The Dreamtime does not support the plundering of nat
resources. If the same shaman took an actual opal into
Dreamtime with him and asked a spirit of the Rainbot
Serpent to bless the opal, the transformation that woul
then take place on the opal would be permanent: tl
Dreamtime supports transformation.

Ultimately, it is up to the Storyteller to determi
which effects remain and which ones do not when the magi
crosses out of the Dreamtime.

Mages who spend a lot of time inthe Dreamtime
worry about Dreamsickness upon their return.

+1 difficulty modifier to all Physical trait rolls, dug
disorientation and vertigo. Usually, eight hours of rest
sleep will cure the vertigo, but not the effects on ma
Dreamsickness can sometimes be ameliorated by an het
preparation, a poultice known only to certain Aborig
herbalists, but the poultice rarely works for long
three hours. Usually, shamans who must take
trips into the Dreamtime will spend their dreamsick tj

People when the Shaman refused togive up his treasure. Flexible
and accepting of new ways, Dingo is able to thrive in environ-
mentsothers cannot. Asa result, those he adopts are more likely
to find Dingo kin in cities than any other place in Australia.

Dingo Kin tend to be hyperactive, constantly watching the
exits, prone to stalking back and forth if forced to wait for very
long. They are frequently fond of outlandish styles and fashions,
particularly wide-brimmed fancy hats. They like to wear dingo
claws on necklaces and other pieces of jewelry. They are fre-
quently on the wrong side of the law. They are not to be trusted.

Ban: You must never let sleeping dogs lie. That is to say,
any time you can curiously poke around some locked door,
some well-guarded vault, you will. You are drawn to the
boundaries anywhere you go, and always seek to break them
in ways that will allow you to not get caught.

Innate Abilities: +2 Stealth, +1 Alertness.

AGLEHAWE (3 INNATE ABILITIES)

Fiercely protective, Eaglehawk claims those who watch
over others as his rightful kin. Eaglehawk's ability to see far and
to remain ever-vigilant has been helpful over the years to warn

it
ws
ree
at
8
i


of approaching intruders. Always watchful and extremely pater-
nal, Eaglehawk will assiduously protect the weak, the innocent,
and the young. The legend of Eaglehawk is that he once trusted
another Dreamborn (Crow) to take care of his young and Crow,
ina fit of rage, killed them and then tried to cover it up.

Eaglehawk kin sometimes seem to be somewhat para-
noid, always watching out for those they must protect. They
have been known to go to great extremes to avoid anyone
harming those they have charge over. The cost of this
vigilance is usually any close, personal relationships at all,

Ban: You must never refuse a request for help from the
weak, the innocent, or the young.

Innate Abilities: +2 Alertness, +1 Investigation

G@ANNA (2 INNATE ABILITIES)

Hidden and quiet, but good to eat, Goanna is a small,
chameleon-like lizard who is constantly on the run from
predators. Goanna teaches the values of cunning and being
still, in addition to prosperity. In the stories of the People,
Goanna was famous for faking his own death so that he could
rise again with the moming sun. Goanna kin tend to be
curious mystics, full with mysteries and questions. But they
keep their own counsel. They pay attention to their own

enigmatic agendas and rarely tell the whole truth about
anything. They can move very fast if frightened.

Ban: You must always avoid the spotlight. Your shyness
means that you must not trust others with your secrets unless
absolutely necessary.

Innate Abilities: +1 Enigmas, +1 Athletics.

Honey ANT (2 INNATE ABILITIES)

Thehoneyantteaches that striving forsomethingandachiev-
ing it is important. Questing for honey ants to pop in your mouth
isa favorite pastime among some family groups. There is a certain
mythic resonance in the fact that they are both sweet and hard to
get. The more difficult to get them, the sweeter they become.

Honey ants are formed, it is said in the Dreamtime
stories, of the eyelashes of the Sun Woman. When she
blinked her eyes, they fell to earth and multiplied. Honey ants
are ubiquitous throughout the desert regions that Aboriginal
people roam. They are important to the survival of the
Aboriginal people.

Ban: You must always strive for that which is just out of
your reach, even if you can't quite make it.

Innate Abilities: +1 to all Manipulation rolls, and +1 to an
Ability ofthe Honey Antkin'schoice—somethinghe:strivesfor.

=
KANGARA®@ (2 INNATE ABILITIES)

These mammals are loyal parents and share parenting
duties between the adult genders. Kangaroos are considered
sacred animals because their pouches produce life and protect
their young forsurvival. Kangaroo wears his pouch because he
must guard and defend the next generation of kangaroo and
ensure their survival. Speed, big feet, and uncanny senses
mean that the Kangaroo is no easy prey. It was Sister Kanga-
roo who taught the Law Women how to care for the smallest
babies and how to help a woman give birth.

Ban: You must always nurture and protect the young.
Have something on hand for them: give them candy, a story,
adream. They are the future.

Innate Abilities: +2 Charisma on all rolls to influence or
protect children and teens.

K@ALa (3 INNATE ABILITIES)

Koala represents simple, single-minded purpose. There
isno questioning Koala's path once he sets it. You will be hard
pressed to change one iota of his mind. When the Rainbow
Serpent was asking what food was needed in the world, Koala
said that he would like to eat of a specific tree that he had
found. "Surely, Koala, you want more food than that!" Ser-
pentsaid. But, no, Koala didn't. To this day, Koala only feeds
on eucalyptus, gradually becoming serene and content with
this pungent meal every day. Koala's claws are sharp, but he
is usually too serene from his eucalyptus meal toever use them
against anyone. Still, Koala's survival is greatly linked to his
tenacity and strength of will.

Ban: You must choose one food you must eat and one
activity that you must do at all costs, every day. If you fail to
either perform this activity or eat this food, you will lose
Koala's Willpower bonus, in addition to losing a temporary
point of Willpower, which cannot be regained until your
activity/eating regimen is resumed.

Innate Ability: +3 bonus on Willpower rolls.

K@@KABURRO (4 INNATE ABILITIES)

Atrickster to rival Dingo, Kookaburro is the wild bird of
the Outback. You might think he is footloose and fancy-free
because of his laugh. But ultimately, he laughs only in a
cynical fashion. He laughs when he sees a predator about to
choose a meal. Kookaburro represents the intuitive knowl-
edge of danger that everyone has but sometimes chooses not
to act upon. It is said that Kookaburro once warned Goanna
about an attack from Eaglehawk. Because Goanna got away
and Kookaburro laughed at Eaglehawk's missed swoop,
Eaglehawk asked Rainbow Serpent to give Kookaburro some-
thing to really laugh about. Serpent declined, but the fact that
great Eaglehawk felt it necessary to seek revenge against poor
little Kookaburro was hilarious enough to the bird that
Eaglehawk's curse became fact. Now Kookaburro can't resist
laughing when faced with certain doom.

Ban: You are unable to keep yourself from laughing
whenever you're in serious danger.

Innate Ability: +2 Alertness, +2 Streetwise or Survival
(choose one).

KUTT SPIRITS (4 INNATE ABILITIES)

‘These are spirits that cause illness, distress and death, but
they can be mastered by those with spirit knowledge and who
are initiated shamans. If they are mastered, they can be used in
healing or other kinds of magic. They tend to possess animals
like black crows, eagles, owls, kangaroos, or emus, but they've
also been seen in black rain clouds or dust storms, or even
mirages. The Dreamtime stories name them as the Ancestors
of Magical Power and they have always been considered subtle,
powerful, and vindictive. They have been consulted in feuds
and in bringing lovers back from the brink of death. They
appear without warning from sandstorms and disappear the
same day, leaving behind bitter truths and reasons to hate.

Kin to the Kutji are known for their odd quirks, their
minor rituals for everything, their fastidious ways, and their
fondness for bones.

Ban: You may not help anyone who does not properly
pay you first.

Innate Abilities: +2 Awareness, +2 Dreamtime Lore.

The Bunyip, a tribe of werewolves from Australia,
have all vanished. But there are still Garou in the
Outback. These Garou represent all the world's cultures
that have settled in Australia: there are Celtic Fianna,
German Get of Fenris, and even elite Silver Fangs. But
the only Garou who know the secret of the Dreamtime
and its Songlinés are the Uktena Garou who are of the
People (they call themselves the Wolf Koori).

The Wolf Koori have shared their knowledge with a
bare few of the European Garou, but one must be initiated
ina full ceremony before one can Step Sideways into the
Dreamtime. The Rainbow Serpent Pack called
"Dreamtime Running" is the most well-known Wolf:
Koori pack. They are known for their cunningly planned
attacks on Technocracy outposts that try to picktipon the
Dreamtime. They have also been known to work with the'
Dingo Dogs, a pack of Bone Gnawers, to steal from road
frains and provide free food and goods to the People.

Remember that magic performed in the Dreamtime stays
in the Dreamtime. So Gifts and Rituals used there will tend to
stay there. When Garou whoare initiated Step Sideways, they
may choose which Gauntlet they are attempting to pierce: the
Dreamtime shell or the shell of the Near Umbra.

The mystery of the Bunyip remains unsolved, tho

ou can still hear the cry of the Bunyip across the bush:

WIDE ae IN THE DREAITITIME: Namive AUSTRALIA 61

H
Cale j
fi jt hit des ete
oe itae

Aa fe

bigtsd ft Si dh

aT Were tu ery te " it iy ry

we
An

uaiiient Ca Abin! H

Laine


‘ho

as

LIGHTNING ITIEN (4 INNATE ABILITIES)
The Lightning Men are inscrutable spirits from behind the
sky. They dance beautiful dances among the clouds, but when
they dance close, they bring death and leave behind fire and
suffering. The Lightning Men have the Skyastheirterritoriesand
they dance their own Lightning Ceremonies to preserve the
wunggud of the Sky Dream. To travel among them is to walk a
world of intense, passionate warriors who will kill without a
moment's consideration but who respect the People. They can
occasionally be persuaded to assist the People in various under-
takings, especially the younger ones whoenjoy striking the Earth.
Lightning Men recognize speed as the most important of all
things. Their ceremonies take place in the blinking ofan eyelash.
Those who are Kin to Lightning Men might have unusual
coloration (pale white hair, for example, or pink eyes) and tend
to talk to fast. They live fast and well, struggling through
everyday life to try and piece together puzzles to find meaning.
Ban: You are unable to resist the opportunity to move
faster: you will always run rather than walk, break the speed
limit rather than go slowly, or fly instead of drive. Faster,
better, more. That's your requirement.
Innate Ability: +2 Athletics, +2 Dodge.

patina

7

Siellisrer

®WL(3 INNATE ABILITIES)
Believed to be capable ofsmellingdeath, the Owl isa watcher
for evil spirits and all that goes by night. Asa result he is greatly
honored, but also feared, for he may bring death to camp. Though
Owl is a Dreamborn Ancestor, he is also connected to the Owl
totem of Werewolf, and through that Owl, toother Owls. Itissaid
that Owl's feathers are given to those who will one day become
Lawgivers, because ofa Dreamtime story where Owl was requested
to judge a conflict between two hunters. Owl took for his fee the
slain carcass of the animal the hunters had fought over.
Owlkin tend tobe known by theiraloofand laconic nature.
They are capable of fixing others in a stare for hours. They tend
toward understatement, both in dress and in communication.
Ban: Youmay neverturn down someone who legitimately
needs you to make a judgment between two conflicting parties.
Innate Abilities: +1 Wits, +2 Occult.

@QUINKIN SPIRITS (2 INNATE ABILITIES)

These lusty spirits are the true embodiments of sex and
lusty urges. They appear as long, skinny stick people with wide
eyes and over-exaggerated genitalia. They will attempt to have
sex with literally anything. Whenever they materialize, they

oe tor Pa
GOL ty


i ¢

Shs

= SS

Fs ste.

feel the need to immediately have sex and will attack anything,
including humans, and force sex with them if they cannot
convince them to have sex. Some UFO abductions reported in
the Outback are actually Quinkin Spirits out for a lark late at
night. A story tells of the rape of woman who died after being
impaled on a Quinkin's penis. The woman's husband brought
her back to life and swore revenge. He trapped the Quinkin in
a tree and burnt it down. The Quinkin was burned to ashes,
except for his penis, because it was so hard. The husband then
got the penis, cut it up and threw it all over the country, which
is where penises and clitorises came from.

Ban: You can never pass up a chance to have sex with
someone whenever it is available.

Innate Abilities: Those who are kin to Quinkin Spirits
receive a +2 on any Manipulation roll for the purposes of
convincing someone else to have sex with them.

‘am | me

eae AE Be

RAR SERPENT (3 — ABILITIES)

Rainbow Serpent is renowned for her creation of the
Dreamtime. Some stories say she cracked open one of her
million skins and, hissing through it, blew it out to form the
spiritual shell that is the Dreamtime. Others say she possessed
the body of Firebringer and made him her First Shaman,
Thus, nearly every shaman in Australia owes his existence,
tangentially, to Rainbow Serpent.

Serpent's kin are typically quiet, reserved types who can
occasionally launch into a rant or tirade. Despite their colorful
name, they rarely choose anything other than earth-tone cloth-
ing. They have a fondness for light and the casting of shadows.

Ban: You must seek always to serve the Dreamtime,
initiate those who must be initiated, and to prevent those
who must not know from knowing about it.

Innate Ability: +1 Dreamtime Lore, +1 Cosmology, -1
to any difficulty when directly serving the Dreamtime.

R@TES

Note: Only those mages initiated into the
Dreamtime may learn and use these rotes.

This summons a spirit of the Dreamtime,
M usually one affiliated with the surrounding area.
a Because of the flexibility of time in the
Dreamtime, spirits rarely arrive on time. It
takes persistence to get one of the Dreamborn to come when
you call: the People have learned to simply send the Call and
wait patiently for Dreamborn to arrive.

During casting, the People will sit for hours meditating and
humming a Dreamtime drone, either standing on one foot in the
sand or sitting cross-legged. They will become stone-like, looking
unseeing into the middle distance. They will breathe so infre-
quently that they appear petrified. Finally, after several hours of
this, they will clap their hands and welcome the spirit they called.
Usually there is no visible sign the spirit is near, but those with the
sense to see the Dreamtime can see the spirit easily. The shaman
will converse with the spirit as if the spirit were as plain asday, and
will complain bitterly toanyone standing nearby ifthey donotsee
or do not respect the spirit they've called.

System: The only difference between this rote and the
standard Call Spirit Effect is that it facilitates speech across
the thin veil that is the Dreamtime, whereas Call Spirit does
not. Also, it taps into the Dreamtime, not the Umbra; thus,
there is no reaching across the Gauntlet. Note that mages

who are the kin of a specific Dreamborn can call siblings of
that Dreamborn at a -2 bonus on the difficulty.

DING®'S T@UCH [ © ENTROPY, ¢e FORCES]
Dingoes are known for their ability to get into and out of
situations they shouldn't be in. This rote is known for its ability

_ WIDE ay eee IN THE Drea NATIVE AUSTRALIA

ol ma oe Pal sy

bell i 2 lad

to find a way. Simple locks spring open. Doors are unlocked.
Windows slide open. The Dingo gets by, and so do the People.
When casting, the mage walks circuitously this way and
that near the area he wishes to target, keeping an eye on his
shadow. When Dingo's shadow emerges from his own shadow,
he knows in which direction to look for Dingo's Touch.
System: Entropy helps the mage see the weakness in the
system, while Forces releases potential kinetic energy to
jostle, rattle, and otherwise jiggle security systems. The obvi-
ous nature of the way out or in is more apparent depending on
the number of successes rolled. The Storyteller can choose to
ask fora Perception + Awareness or Perception + Security roll
if the assistance isn't very obvious. In no event is this rote
vulgar: every assistance Dingo gives is purely coincidental.

DREAITIB®RN R@USING
[eoee LiFe eeoe!TIATIER, e¢e ITIIND, o¢SPRIT]

This forbidden rite is used to rouse a quiescent Dreamborn
spirit. Only the most powerful Dreamborn spirits can even
potentially be roused: the rest have succumbed to reality longago.
When they awaken, they're ravenous for magical power and life
force and they have totally lost all sense of who or what they are.

The beginning of thisceremony looksalot like the common
beginning to all the Endless Sleep rituals, except that the
ceremony stops and starts ina seemingly random way and the rite
endswith the principle practitionerdriving astone shard through
his hand and into the body of the Dreamborn itself.

System: The ritual successes generated by this rote are in
direct opposition to the rote called Ensure the Endless Sleep.
Successes on the roll must go towards first eroding successes
generated by that rote, and then are actively opposed by the
spirit's Willpower. When the Dreamborn awakens, it will be
ravenously hungry for Quintessence. Treat it as a Totem

63

wee LR "aN s, "r'

"ope atl

be

AD ee

Vs

4 ir iia fan jetey pany eee |s,
i aa AA Feta

=_—
_ ‘

er Ne A,3. aly -

JON tals . ¢ . *

ot

s

va
4

\

\

a
_—sa-
in @

ny: Ye

-
Ld
'

1

a4

Bim --
os
- a Se
— att A

Sie

\=s

v
aia |

——

NPR re ee
m/s SI .
Is {says C0 at th Te

pa eg ose Fan ameemeac ane on

Avatar spirit. It will drain every source of Quintessence
nearby and, if there is none, people will start to look really
juicy and interesting to it.

Each one is different, incorporating a story about the
Dreamborn, dire warnings if the Dreamborn should awaken,
and honoring and revering the Dreamborn as it sleeps. Many

times, the People will leave a token to the Dreamborn spirit
\ ) / ENSURE THE ENDLESS SLEEP [ ig ITATTER, should their ceremony not be accepted and the Dreamborn
=. 229 ITIIND, 2 SPIRIT] awakens later, when they are far away.

ia

5

oN gee tae

==" HHH Dy
;

J
mr
— *
&

One of the jobs of the People is to ensure that that which
sleeps remains so, The People travel from place to place in
their territory performing this rote. Anthropologists have
done studies of these complex ceremonies and believe them
to be merely worship of nature spirits. However, if the People
failed to perform their duty, the Dreamborn would slowly
begin to rouse and waken. Then, entities that have been
slumbering for centuries would rouse, hungry, and begin to
take their sustenance any way they could.

Some of the weaker Dreamborn succumb over the course
of centuries because the last bit of their spirit essence is
leached away by the tides of the Tapestry. The most powerful
(and thus, the most hungry) sleeping Dreamborn are rarely
destroyed in this manner.

Generations of Aborigines have created specifically tai-
lored ceremonies foreach of the People's sleeping Dreamborn.

= DEAD ITIAGIC Il

System: Ritual successes on this rote ensure thata quiescent
Dreamborn remainsasleep. Even one success is enough to ensure
another moontime of sleep, while many successes ensure the
sleep for countless generations to come. This rote opposes the
dangerous Dreamborn Rousing rote, and has been used in the
past to thwart the plans of insane or unwise People who attempt
to waken those Dreamborn who are best left asleep.

The Spirit aspect of this ritual opens a portal to the
Dreamtime, Mind first confirms the identity of the Dreamborn
in question and then begins to lull and soothe the spirit.
Finally, Matter is added to strengthen the calcified spirit-
body against the ravages of time and erosion.

G@ANNA'S HIDING [ ee ITIATTER]

This rotes causes the clothing worn by the mage to take
on a color, hue and visual texture close to that of the

6 APE eran, ie L
ree chandivng coe pty eeg petveaynh traeeayes seaeteans Pee §
Pra ri me aaa ection ep ttalt be fie wt gH ny

i ‘fh tte th ‘ ee ie » tree ge tt

CB

~

=<
aN).

HES

surrounding area. It was originally designed to take advantage
of the heavy patterns of ochre that the People sometimes
wear. This coincidental magic can be explained away by the
People's preference for wearing loincloths and such that
match their natural surroundings, and for their tendency to
wear different colors of ochre paint in ceremonies.

When casting, the mage must stand very still near the
texture she wishes to mimic, and then brushes a bit of ochre
on her fingers, then on the texture, and then on forehead. As
soon as the ochre touches her forehead, that which touches
her skin changes color and texture.

System: Successes add dice toany Dexterity + Stealth roll.

GUNC®TTON'S BLESSING [ eee ITIATTER]

This rote allows an initiated mage to change the nature
of any organic substance to cause it to be a fairly potent
explosive. Because of the relative availability of explosives in
heavy mining areas, this rote is coincidental in those areas.

The mage goes walkabout with the organic matter in his
pockets. After several days, when the matter begins to truly
stink, it will dry and then — and only then — is it ready to be
detonated.

System: The mage needs carbon-rich matter (which can be
as base as feces or as complex as fried chips). The successes
indicate the lethal damage that the explosive will deliver when
detonated. The mage must then roll Wits + Technology to
properly set the explosive and detonate it. The substance proves
to be a crude explosive if examined scientifically, which has led
many authorities to believe there are explosives laboratories
hidden somewhere in the Aboriginal slums of the cities.

Li@U@R'S CALLING [ ¢ ITIIND, ee SPIRIT]

There are those who say that alcohol replaces the feeling
of the Dreamtime for urban Aborigines who have walked
clear of the pathway of their ancestors. This rote causes a
remote and distant connection with the Dreamtime that
soon fades. It requires enough alcohol to make the caster
drunk, preferably with the most revolting liquor that he can
find. Then, if he doesn't pass out, he attempts to gather the
attention of the Dreamtime either by playing the yidaki or
rattling the bullroarer while weaving slowly around in a
drunken circle. During this trance state, it is as if the user is
on tribal land, in tribal ceremony.

Bh he A

Saif WA

0" wT Ps,

System: The Mind sphere helps the mage to focus while
intoxicated and the Spirit sphere calls the Dreamtime down
to suffuse the mage wherever he is, This rote provides a -3 to
all difficulties involving Dreamtime Lore, in addition to a -3
to all difficulties for crossing into the Dreamtime.

The difficulty for this rote increases by two every time
it is used in a seven-day period. The numbers of successes
determine how long the state remains. The mage must roll
Stamina + Survival to avoid throwing up and ruining the
preparation of this rote. A botch on this roll means the mage
passes Out.

/

wiekS AA

LOD. THE \/ AKING DREAITIBORN
[ eee [TIIND, e« SPIRIT]

The droning call of the yidaki, the singing and chanting
of the People, can be turned to many purposes. This rote is
most often used to calm a potentially violent or dangerous
spirit who has caused damage to the People.

In the early Dreamtime, when there was no membrane
separating the reality of the People from the Dreamtime,
Dreamborn who were put to sleep this way became part of the
natural environment of the world. The end of the Mythic Age
caused them to calcify into solid material, creating rock
formations of wonderful beauty.

When casting, the People whisper to the wind with
verbal caresses akin to calming or quieting a child. Then they
play their yidaki, sending waves of calming sound all over the
area. Some of the People in attendance must pinch their
thighs or bite their cheeks to avoid also going to sleep. The
shaman must keep his breath clean and even when lulling his
Dreamborn brother or sister. There is a saying, "Nothing can
be hurried about the Dreamtime." This process takes as long
as it takes — which is to say hours, on occasion.

System: The ritual successes generated by this rote are
opposed by a spirit's Willpower roll. Mages who are children to
aspecific Dreambor receive a bonus of -2 to the roll's difficulty.
If the spirit fails, its experiences a wave of sleepiness and spiritual
fatigue that results in its calming down, relaxing and slowly
falling into Slumber. A botch on the mages' part will enrage the
spirit, while a failure may not be noticed if the Dreamborn is not
particularly intelligent or perceptive. The spirit being lulled
cannot be under attack or in any danger. The Spirit Sphere
aspect opens the path to the fractious spirit and begins to appease
and slow the spirit while Mind encourages the Slumber.

PRESENTATION @F THE PASSAGE STICK
[ eee SPIRIT]

This sends a kind of spiritual call our into the Dreamtime
of the land around the mage, introducing her to all who are
aware of such things. Such a rote requires a Passage Stick
Focus to work properly, and there are Passage Stick Wonders
which perform this rote automatically upon crossing into a
new territory. This rote does not allow two-way communica-
tion: the visitor announces himself and then waits to see what
response he'll get, if any. Note that it is considered extremely
inappropriate to traverse the territory of another family group
if you haven't performed this rote.

When casting, the mage whistles into the air while
holding the Passage Stick in his hand. On the receiving end,
the initiated catches a glimmer of a feeling of an encroaching
presence on his territory.

System: All those in the area who are initiated and
possess Dreamtime Lore 3 or better can sense the Presenta-
tion with a successful Perception + Awareness or Dreamtime

Lore roll.

‘ia 5 en

HAN 7

— =a
Ph a

Tl ee

ve
"a j

ae |

¢

"

XY
~

.
a
:
=!

EA

= (FP
af
ene ew

SS

oN

W IDE ARE IN THE SRA ree AUSTRAHIA 65

i "1 us vvrk Wee YEN fas vr) ratia en Med MEA "pM yh eine Talhifte |
ia, A | t DR ire te it qi ey Ee
| 087¢ , riety fa! oy ee ‘i ny ya [i tel, , 1 a ae , hat "

yh fle fg Th Sh puedo SE Veeck fad 3S Wat ies Se a a vily ;

=
a
y

'

@

7
-
~ '

‘
SS L

-

¢ *
=,
Wi F.

6 oe

ian he
ev

\ i
Vids

ay
at:
A

Ys ‘yi f he

A
\
i

,

'

~

i?

Ke "arent

ee"

ace THE DREAITIS@NG
[ © CORRESP@NDENCE, e SPIRIT]

This rote allows a mage who is familiar with the
Dreamtime Song to listen to it and examine it for special
qualities. Essentially, it allows a mage the opportunity to
discern the boundaries and strength of the Dreamtime in the
area, what Dreamtime spirits may or may not be nearby, and
whether the Sleeping Lands are on the wax or the wane.

The willworker enters into a light trance state by either
humming, moving silently in special ceremonial patterns, or
by painting himself. The lines of his fingers as he dances, or
the lines of paint on his face, soon begin to reverberate
silently within the music of the Dreamtime. Then, and only
then, does the Dreamtime become clear.

System: Simple Perception + Awareness rolls might give
the mage a basic idea of the presence of the Dreamtime, but it
doesn't give much information. Sense the Dreamsong will allow
a willworker who knows it to see the flows of the Dreamtime as
he makes his way through the world, and catch glimpses of the
events occurring within the Dreamtime. With Mind ¢ added,
it could be used as a scan to detect whether someone has ever
been affiliated with the Dreamtime. Note: This rote can be used

to sense other Shallow Realms outside of Australia.

S@NGLINE S@ARING [ e ee SPIRIT]

This enables the mage literally to merge with a Songline
and emerge from it at another point along its length. Using this
rote, one of the People can cross huge distances across Australia
at a fraction of the time it would take anyone else to walk it. This
rote utilizes the Dreamtime's spatial distortion to good effect:
essentially, the mage does most of his traveling in the Dreamtime.

Hurnming the Songline to himself, the mage walks into the
distance. Thermal haze pelting him, he is soon a vision on the
horizon, a dot, and then he's gone. Coming into focus on the
other side of his walk, he moves into sight slowly — indistinct,
sometimes surrounded in a dust storm. Unless you had timed
him, you would never know that he crossed miles and miles of
Outback in the same time it took for him to walk a mile.

System: After properly identifying a Songline with the
rote Songline Walking, the mage can effectively mimic the
Correspondence Seven League Stride Effect. The only differ-
ence is that the mage must walk fora period of time before and
after the transition to properly utilize the Songline's power,
and the mage cannot step off the path of the Songline.

S@NGLINE \/ ALKING [ ¢ SPIRIT]

This enables the mage to follow the path of a Songline,
if she has been introduced to it.

When casting, the mage keeps his eyes open and moist-
ened with drops of life-giving natural water as he walks,
humming the Songline that is keyed to the path he seeks.

System: Successes add to the Perception + Dreamtime
Lore roll to sense the path of a Songline.

¢ DEAD Mlacic Il

saa Oe EME  ier Say" 3

ix!

_ 4 ‘a

ee
r%

\X/ URNAN BLESSING
[°° ENTROPY, ee SPIRIT]

The Law Woman of the tribe comes to a new baby and
speaks to the other women about the destiny of the child,
giving advice to the women of the tribe as to the child's
guidance. This briefly connects the child's spirit into the
Wurnan Law, the inter-relationship between all members of
tribe. The Entropy facet of this rote helps to insure that minor
accidents do not befall the baby in its first days.

This rote is of particular use to non-native mages, if they
can get a native Law Woman to use it on them, as it will grant
them a brief connection to the Dreamtime.

When casting, the Law Woman cradles the infant in her
arms and sings a history Songline of her people, explaining to
the child his place in the great chain of life. Eventually, she
bathes the child's head and then paints his forehead with a
dot of white ochre, symbolizing purity.

System: Cast on an Aboriginal infant, this introduces
the child's spirit to the Ancestors and to the Dreamtime.
Because of the non-traditional education given to all the
children of the tribe as they grow, this is just the first step upon
the road for the new person. The connection tothe Dreamtime
is fleeting, but important, an ember that can be fanned for the
future. Cast on a non-Aborigine, the successes reduce the
difficulty for him to sense the Dreamtime (up to -3).

BULLR®ARER
Level 2 Wonder
This object is used to aid in summoning spirits of all

kinds, especially beneficial spirits. The use of a bullroarer in
any willworking designed to call Dreamtime spirits lowers the

difficulty by 2.

\W/ URNAN STICK (ITIESSAGE STICK)
Level 1 Wonder

The Wurnan Stick is a receptive object for thoughts to be
projected into it. Acting asa conduit of thought, the stick absorbs
whatever thoughts, feelings, or wisdom the bearer has for it upon
itsactivation. Thereafter, it attempts to express these thoughts to
whoever else touches the stick. The message "writer" rolls Ma-
nipulation + Expression, difficulty 7, to "set" the message. The
message "reader" rolls Perception + Awareness (or Enigmas) to
ascertain the message. The difficulty of this roll is 9 minus the
number of successes of the "writing" roll. The Wurnan Stick can
only be "written" once, but can be read by whoever picks it up.

YIDAKI (DIDIERIDU)

Level 3 Wonder

A properly crafted yidaki (popularly called the didjeridu,
which has many English spellings) isa powerful tool for connec-
tion to the Dreamtime. Because of the nature of its power, it is
considered a male-only instrument (one look at its extremely

Wy 4 B: ar rete q eh iq Vis "ets ihe oH Wey pay ra Pian ‘I tt Ks a ,
ul eae i ot 1 Te ot ie es fenth THe a ds Lt) " Mi fa A) ee atta
bei le °o Vet "] a ‘ae ie ‘ ‘pe 6p eet!

phallic shape can explain this quite easily). Even a Sleeper who
uses a yidaki properly can easily connect with the Dreamtime
spirit that suffuses the Australian Outback. The instrument is
created out ofa special kind of eucalyptus tree (and there are over
300 different types of eucalyptus trees in Australia) and it is
initially crafted by "white ants," termites that burrow through
the soft inner layers of the tree while leaving the outer layers
solid. This is what causes the instrument to have the droning
sound: the breath through the pipe of the instrument is chan-
neled through the myriad complex tunnels caused by the termites.

Yidaki come in many different styles. Each individual
Songman has his own method of finishing his creation (for it

is truly the termites who start it), and they are frequently
painted to the tribal customs of the people to whom the
Songman belongs. Different yidaki are used for different
purposes: some are for lively, upbeat dances and celebratory
rituals and others are used for the low, mysterious drone of an
initiation or lawgiving rite.

Use of a yidaki as a focus for Spirit magic in the Outback
bya trained Songman gives a -3 to all Spirit magic difficulties
in Effects dealing with the Dreamtime. Non-Awakened prac-
titioners may use the yidaki to simulate the Sense the
Dreamtime rote through a Charisma + Performance roll,
difficulty 7.

THE AW/ARENED PERSPECTIVE

Many paths have been traveled since the first times.
Many steps have been taken. If you would under-
stand, you must first touch the places I touch, see
what I see. Only then will you truly know.

—Corben Redhand, Dreamspeakerofthe People

Dreamspeakers and those who have
learned stories from them tell tales about the
NGO) First Times. In these tales, they explain that
the first mages in Australia were shamans, who
came to Australia along with the Aboriginal people, across
the land bridge that brought them there. These Early Ones,
who were essentially proto-Dreamspeakers before there were
such a thing, guided the Aborigines to the safe haven of the
land that would become Australia. There is no doubt that the
Aborigines would have made it there on their own, but the
leadership of the People at the time needed the shamans'
advice. Lots were consulted, portents read, the mysteries of
the soul were laid bare and the shifting forces deep beneath
the young earth were felt and known.

The shamans accurately predicted the cataclysm that
would later drown the land bridge and create an island
continent, and some noted in their lots that there was a
favorable sign for continued survival and prosperity in the
future, ifthey would but follow the Dreambor toa new land.

The Dreamborn were powerful spirit creatures that had
originated in the dawn of human history. Their genesis will
always remain a mystery, for the same reasons an infant child
cannot consciously remember her first birthday.
Dreamspeakers sing stories about how they were born out of
the first dreams of the People. The fact that they are usually
connected with animal or plant kin leads some Hermetics to
theorize that they were spiritual echoes, a kind of Platonic
ideal or Jungian archetype of the animal or plant in question.
All the existing spirit records of the collective Traditions
note that these first Dreamborn would later grow in power to
become Incarna.

During these early days, the Dreamborn had natural
bodies, a presence in the world. They both ate of the physical

WIDE ABE: IN THE DREAMTIME: NATIVE AUSTRALIA
wh 4, vA

a yy YEA fs Wep vr Par Aaa
. aly
8 dy yl y fet 3 ; é Ml:

fruit of the land and took suck at the bounteous breasts of
Mother Gaia, feeding on Quintessence directly from her teat.
They enjoyed both the free flow of the leys from the many
Nodes in the land, and, as well, ran and frolicked in the raw
Odyllic Force generated by many regular Junctures.

One of the Early Ones (whose true name is lost, but is
sung as «Fire Child») managed to make contact with a few
Dreambom: Snake, Owl, and Dog (Dingo). They consented
to speak to this two-headed monkey-kin when he broke up a
three-way conflict, where Snake and Owl had vied for the
same prey, and Dog wanted to eat some, too. Using his stone
chopper, he separated pieces of the prey, which allowed all
three to eat.

After their meal, the powerful Dreambom, who were
grateful for the peaceful resolution of their conflict and who
each had enough to eat for their measure, allowed the
monkey-kin an audience. Fire Child asked the Dreamborn
the question, the answer to which would echo down through
the ages, "What would you have of the Early Ones? What
would you want of those who see with two pairs of eyes, know
with two hearts, and share with two souls?

Although cloaked in Owl's riddles, Snake's secrecy, and
Dog's wiles, over time, through long ceremony with dancing
and chanting, the truth came out and was given to Fire Child;
the Dreamborn needed the Early Ones tobe able to reproduce
when they wished.

Like every othercreature in the Outback, the Dreamborn
only reproduced when they had enough extra sustenance for
theirchildren tosurvive. Although the power flowed freely in
those ancient times, the vast amounts of energy needed to
sustain a newborn Dreamborn taxed even that source. The
only time there was enough was when a Juncture occurred, a
sparking of power that usually coruscated down out of the
living sky, or out of a wonderful water-hole, or riding a sea-
breeze, or following the line of the sun.

The Dreamborn could never accurately predict their
arrival, or how powerful they would be when they did arrive.
The Early Ones, with their knowledge of flows and their

wa
wa

ft


ability to cast lots to read the patterns of fate, could easily
predict a Junctures' arrival and departure.

But what could the Dreamborn offer the Early Ones?
Their affinity with the spirit realm enabled them to teach
great secrets of magic to these early shamans. In addition,
each of the Dreamborn agreed to place their mark on one of
the People, to watch over and protect those people and to
guide them through the world.

The Early Ones were gathered from throughout the
island world, and formed a great fire-circle. Only after all the
Early Ones agreed did they decide what they would do. Only
‘one of them would be required to cause the whole to be in
disagreement. It took a lot of talk and many suns passed by as
they did all speak. But eventually, an agreement was reached:
what the Dreamborn offered was too tempting to them to
ignore. Thus, as a result of a massive corroborree, each
Dreamborn found themselves bound to a bloodline of the
People, and it remains so until this day.

For a time, the Early Ones went away from the People,
and followed the drone of the ley-lines that reverberated
through the Dreamtime in this new land. Where they found
the possibility that a Juncture would take place, they marked
well that place in the song of their heart. It was the job of each
Early One to hold their personal song in their heads, and
continually repeat it to themselves as they traveled the land.
However, the Early Ones feared that their carefully derived
songs would be lost. Through the magic of dance, song, and
thythm, the Early Ones were able to create a mnemonic
device, called a Songline, which assisted in the memory and
teaching of these pieces of sacred lore.

The Early Ones then led the People to sacred places,
using the Songlines, and showed them the ceremonies and
rites they would have to do to call Dreamborn to the area.
They showed them how to properly time a Juncture. Their
magic would then open a flow of power into the Dreamborn
and an exchange would take place: the energies from the
Juncture would rush into the Dreamborn, sometimes result-
ing in an equal exchange of spirit-knowledge and instant
knowing. The newly whelped Dreamborn would then make
its acquaintance of the People as well.

For many generations, the Early Ones led the People
in these rites, and they learned them. By the time the
People began to sing and dance the rites without the Early
Ones in attendance, the Aboriginal system of initiation
was set in place and has remained relatively unchanged for
70,000 years.

The Songlines themselves soon grew to be potent forces
‘on their own, chains of thought that were self-sustaining.
Woven togetherand connected, they formed the Dreamtime
Song, a vast droning connection of Songline to Songline,
pulsing with power and spreading from each person to every
other person.

The Songlines outlined areas, the boundaries of which
were respected by different families of the People as they

roamed throughout the land. Over time, the Dreamborn
developed wander-tracks like the animals and the People,
and they followed their own Chosen. The Songlines thus
marked the ancestral lands of the People. They were de-
scribed by their power.

Then came a time known as the Desolation. Instead of
using the gifts of pure energy that the People were giving them
to reproduce, the Dreamborn were instead ingesting the
energy and using it to grow greater and greater. They de-
manded reverence and worship from the People as gods.

The constant consumption of the fruits of Juncture had
the effect of lessening the overall flow of energy over time.
The Early Ones spent many years trying to track down the
causes of this drain on the power of the land, but they did not
find out about the Dreamborn's gluttony until too late. Ley-
lines began to dry up and water holes were drained of power.

Driven insane by the excess of power coursing through
them, the Dreamborn rampaged. There were many deaths of
the People as their spirit brethren grew erratic, selfish, and
obscene. Several huge, distended Dreamborn, bloated on
the stuff of pure energy, could do nothing but slumber. In
their slumber they dreamed, and where they dreamed, they
crossed the veil and became material creatures, frozen in
stasis for all time.

The Brothers of Fire Child decided that these gluttonous
Dreamborn would be kept asleep, and crafted rituals to make
certain of this. Subtly altering the Songlines, they kept them
sleeping, and to this day there are secret ceremonies held to
make certain of this. To do otherwise would court disaster, as
the half-wakened Dreamborn would likely splinter and be-
come a terrible shattered spirit creature, a broken, hungry
thing that would wreak havoc on the Dreamtime.

The Dreamtime was only a heartbeat away. The People
needed a way to ath

D
since ith egan di

the desert bi ions who have
made homes f6 44
coastland cities. But theD ets' tradition has worked

Jreamspeake
itself into the warp and wefte apestry in Australia like
no other.


wl

They

wp
the

Descendants of the Early Ones of the Dreamtime, they
are still blending in and taking shelter within the society of
the People. Wherever they go, they still seek to keep a sense
of wonder alive. They have created Bush Universities, taking
the dispossessed youth of the People out of the cities, out into
the bush to learn the ways of their ancestors. They have
fought long and hard, with knives and guns, and lately, laws
and reforms to reclaim the lands that were once theirs.

Ever since the Reckoning, however, the Dreamspeakers
have recognized the need to open the Outback to outsiders.
Many of the People have read the signs and have predicted
this time period: a time when strangers with two heads
(mages) would come among the People and take on the
learning of the ancients. Encouraging these prophecies is part
of the Dreamspeaker's overall goal of renewing the truth of
ancient legends and folklore, of instilling a sense of the
mystical once again in sacred places and practices. Every
mage, no matter what tradition she hails from, reinforces this
reality by her mere participa

ye spirits and
other powers ; guards faced.
Those Guildsmen who mage in with the first settlers
performed a full-scale mineral survey, which would one day
find fruit in massive mining efforts when they later became
the Syndicate.

The New World Order actually conducted espionage
against the Axis powers during World War II, and helped to
break the complicated submariner's code on German U-
Boats. The Void Engineers' Earth Survey team was dispatched
to investigate the strange energy patterns inherent in the
landscape and localize the phenomenon. The Progenitors
conducted complex organic experiments, introducing for-
eign strains of plants and animals and observing their effect
on the landscape. Some Progenitors tracked down rumors of
fabled creatures said to live in the Outback. They came under
fire from the rest of the Union when a rogue cabal of
Progenitors released viral strains designed to weed out the
Aborigines and allow the Europeans unfettered access to the
continent. It was only quick and extensive intervention by

WIDE WUASE IN THE peed NATIVE sponsors
rei if vr ny aye

Wy, aon bf) on YPN faith A vr "t
ty fats
i létoe

ype

EARTH SURVEY VID ENGINEERS

Because of the recent Reckoning, the Void Engi-
neers have had todevelopa new Methodology. Actually,
itisratheran old Methodology adapted to new purposes.
In Renaissance times, the Void Engineers were primarily
explorers and travelers on Earth, helping to "strengthen
e map" and tie down Terra Incognita. Now, the Earth:
Survey Methodology seeks a return to the old ways by
traveling toremote locations, investigating supernatural
and paranormal activity there, and applying the anthro-
pological and archaeological scientific method to them,
thereby nullifying any dangerous dynamic magical reso-
nance. Curiously enough, this Methodology has always'
been in the background as part of the Engineers, but up
til now has been considered more of a sideline inter-
est, a hobby compared to the exploration of the Deep
Umbra. With the way to the Deep Umbra closed, the
Engineers have found a way to maintain their value to

the rest of the Conventions, with Earth Survey expe:
who come into a potentially untamed magical area anid
thoroughly sterilize it using their scientific techniques.

the Dreamspeakers and some Syndicate agents that saved
them from certain destruction (the Syndicate was, of course,
afraid of losing the cheap labor pool market of the Aborigi-
nes). The Progenitors lost a lot of prestige and led the way in
punishing their own, but the damage was already done.

One of the prime achievements of the Union in Austra-
lia is the Pine Gap Research Facility. This place is a kind of
Australian Area 51, located in a no-fly zone in the Outback.
Entire highways, with their attendant roadhouses and small
towns, were moved out of the way so that the area could be
protected. There is literally nothing around for miles. Even
satellite topography does not map this area, due to a restric-
tion hard-coded into most onboard chips. It isa Void Engineer
/ New World Order stronghold, shared roughly half and half
by those Conventions. The NWO listens to radio traffic and
monitors signals from the entire Pacific theatre. The Void
Engineers use this as a base of operations for Correspondence
gating and other forms of transport into and out of the area.
Plus, the main feed from Ley Eye-l, their polar-orbit psycho-
hyper-spatial Kirlian imaging platform, comes down in Pine
Gap and is initially displayed, unfiltered, on giant screens in
the Situation Room at Complex B. As a result, for Earth
Survey Void Engineers, this is the place to be.

THE BUTBACK

The Australian Outback is one of the most desolate
seeming places on Earth. However, if you know what to look
for, the land offers enough bounty for the People to survive.
It is no mistake, however, that the Europeans have allowed
the Aboriginal people tokeep vast tracts of land in Australia's

it *f

tg |

ssa gpa

7
Ay ie

t
Bee

a2
a

in
f

moa

arb

SS ee
Dae allt

2) tS

interior. Truth be told, they are probably the only people on
Earth who could live there and thrive.

SACRED PLACES

Uluru (Ayers Rock)

Uluru is located in the middle of Australia. It is very
sacred ground, a place where three Aboriginal family groups'
Songlines cross each other. The power that exists here is
extremely deep in the ground, however. Aboriginals prefer
that visitors not climb Uluru, for they fear that it will awaken
the Dreamborn Ancestor who is imprisoned within the shell
of the mountain. Still, tourists frequently climb the Rock
anyway, ignoring these requests, and one day it is believed
that Uluru will awaken, and it will not be pleased.

Despite the fact that it is located almost dead center in
the middle of Australia, the spiritual center for the continent
is actually located not far away, within Kata Tjuta, a dramatic
series of 36 dome-like rock formations that stand 1,701 feet
high and cover a large area. It is atop several of these
formations that ceremonies are performed to renew the
People's connection to the Dreamtime.

The Kimberly

There are many sacred places in the Kimberly region.
The Bungle Bungles are one such place: the site of an ancient
Dreamtime battle, the land itself is wounded. Some Aborigi-
nal elders protect the location of the spear-points that made
the wounds. Wolf Creek Crater is the home ofa giant serpent-
spirit who sleeps in the raised ridge that surrounds the crater.
Rock paintings exist in cliff overhangs throughout the Kim-
berly. These areas are part of the holy land that marks the
territory of Wandjina spirits, the rainmaker spirits of the wet
season that bring fertility to the land.

Wullunggnari on the Mitchell plateau is thought to be
particularly sacred. There, a Wandjina passed forever into the
Dreamtime. There isa stone table in front of a cave there and
beneath that stands Walguna, the Tree of Wisdom, Knowl-
edge and Law. This was also a place of great initiation
ceremonies that would cleanse the new initiates and prepare
them for their duties as intercessors with the Dreamtime.

Coober Pedy

The name means "White Man's Hole." Not exactly a
ringing endorsement. Coober Pedy is a torn-up, rusting,
wild-wild-west sort of place. Opal mining takes place here.
Because regular mining equipment destroys opals rather
than actually mining them, the entire opal industry in
Coober Pedy has been transformed from a corporate con-
cern to an individualistic concern, Now individual
Australians can get a mineral rights claim for an area in and
around Coober Pedy. They are then free to use whatever
means are at their disposal to uncover opals. Explosives are
plentiful and common. Technology is wildly variable: a
super-cooled diamond drill derrick might share duty with a
good old-fashioned iron pick. Opal miners are always teeter-

ing on the brink of utter poverty, tremendous wealth,
absolute insanity, and nasty, explosive death.

The rule of law in Coober Pedy is a fuzzy concept. If
people don't like something, they tend to blow it up. Once
there was a gentleman who did not like the fact that his
favorite pay phone was broken. He then set about blowing up
all the other payphones in Coober Pedy so that the phone
company would have to come out and replace them all. Trials
in Coober Pedy have been moved elsewhere since someone
blew up the courthouse because they didn't like the outcome
of the legal process.

Men fly into Coober Pedy every week with briefcases
full of money and fly out with briefcases full of opals. This is
a tax man's nightmare. There aren't many permanent struc-
tures in Coober Pedy, but there is a beautiful soccer field,
which is kept alive in the desert by irrigation funded by a
local tax on beer. People live in caves formed out of old opal
mines that have been sprayed down with some kind of
hardening agent; a plastic covering that keeps the structure
from collapsing. Walking through "downtown" Coober
Pedy is like walking through a forest of stovepipes, chimney
flues, and ventilation ducts.

The strangeness that is Coober Pedy isa combination of
Aboriginal Dreamtime energies (as it is in the Outback),
whitefella greed, and the ongoing ecological tragedy that is
opal mining. Everyone has an angle, everyone has ready
access to guns and explosives, and everyone is just coming off
of or going into a three-day drunk.

Things get uncovered in opal mines. Strange things.
One fellow came up with an entire case of Marilyn Monroe
movies, all of them missing the third reel. Another miner
found four ancient scrolls in bone tubes, inscribed with
Aramaic. Skeletons of strange animals (not dinosaurs, that
wouldn't be strange enough) keep getting found. And then
there are many Aboriginal artifacts, which, somehow, do
not make it back into the keeping of the Aboriginal govern-
ments. Many of these items are on display at various pubs
around town.

There is no rail service to Coober Pedy, but there are
regular road trainsand many brave tourist buses that regularly
stop here. One of the jobs you can get fairly easily is as a tour
guide, because of the heavy burn-out factor of merely answer-
ing questions about opal mining rather than actually doing it.

Ghost Tracks

There has long been a problem with the concept of
gauge in Australian railroading. There were three gauges of
track built: New South Wales built a standard gauge line,
Victoria and South Australia built a broad gauge line, and
Western Australia, Queensland, and Tasmania built a nar-
row gauge line. Slowly, over time, standard gauge lines have
replaced these lines, but there are still several places where
the old lines lie unused. The iron rails extend off into the

horizon and end abruptly. Some have been capped; some
have ended without a cap.

The effect these tracks have on the Dreamtime is quite
strange. On one hand, they are unnatural things, and they
symbolize whitefella intrusion into blackfella land, into the
Land of the Dreamtime. Because of this, the Dreamtime Song
sometimes fades as you get close to the tracks. On the other
hand, they've been long abandoned — long enough for the
Dreamtime to touch them, to infuse them with power. And
then came the Ghost Trains. The spirits of the Dreamtime, at
play, manifest as strangely constructed trains of collaborative
creatures, strange animalistic pictograms made three-dimen-
sional, roiling down the desert on the ancient iron rails that
are now obsolete. Passing willworkers can occasionally flag
them down or simply hop aboard as they approach, but they
must be ready to jump off or risk riding the train straight into
the Dreamtime.

Alice's Roadhouse

Alice Gothrough is a mage, a native of Australia, who
has established for herself a roadhouse on the long and dusty
road between Coober Pedy and Alice Springs. ("Nah
relayshun," Alice tells everyone, even before they ask). This

WIDE AWAKE IN THE DREAITTIME NATIVE AUSTRALIA

A

fe Weg Es

fi he

'

"Wee eEs "ty

roadhouse isnot on any map, norisittin any of the guidebooks.
No tourist buses will be stopping here. In fact, as the tourists
roar past, the place seems positively deserted and abandoned.
Most of the windows are broken; doors hang open, banging in ?

t—_—

the wind. The walls reverberate with shrill dronesas the wind WN
whistles through them. The old, dead roadhouse looks aban- 206
doned and possibly dangerous. Thisis by design. Alice doesn't wor
like uninvited guests. ="
Every so often someone gets stranded or a camper van hie
breaks down near the Roadhouse, and Alice holds a contest ‘yy
to see who can successfully resolve the situation so that the uA

Roadhouse's true identity is protected and the hapless tourist
dealt with. The winner gets their pick of any of the knick-
knacks on the wall, ora free beer, their choice. They usually
choose the beer.

Most of the time the winner takes Spot, the ancient
rusting Range Rover (kept half-buried by sandstorms around
the back of the building), which is resurrected and driven by
the smelliest Aborigine in che house, and the tourist is
transported back to the relative safety and comfort of
Coober Pedy (Alice Springs being a bit too far to drive in a
car that is only held together by absolute, radical faith and

71

Py
Mere yy Mh
# ~

a few iron atoms that haven't oxidized yet), where the
tourist is set loose on his own. It's thought that some even
make it back to civilization, although several have later
become opal prospectors.

The actual Roadhouse is underground, and is quite
comfortable for a hole in the ground in the middle of one of
the harshest deserts in the world. The true value of Alice's is
not in its food (which is, actually, quite excellent, if strange:
a blend of bush tucker, American fast food, British pub food,
and Japanese), its beer (brewed onsite with Alice's personal
inspection) or its décor (which is a mishmash of hundreds of
years of European civilization plus thousands of years of the
People's rock painting). The true value of Alice's is simply
this: it is a gateway of sorts, a place where the European
mysticsand the People's willworkers can meet, chat, and have
adrink.

Disciples favor this place because there is a Hermes.
Portal that still functions, connecting a forgotten store-
house at Sydney University anda back roomat Alice's, This
is also how Alice avoids the notice of any road trai he
needs supplies, she simply orders food to be delivered to her
warehouse and pushes a pallet mule back and forth through
the Portal.

Lately, strange coincidences have been leading mages
p Australia. Ever since the Sydney Olympics, messages
wve been arriving directing mages to travel to Australia
d learn what needs to be learned there. It is believed, by
tracking the Sphinx, that the Council must have
sed the Olympics as a travel cover to hold a face-to-face
ouncil meeting. The messages seem to be directing other
ages to come to Australia, as well.

for example, one mage received two tickets for a
vacation tour in Australia as the winner of a contest, only
e never signed up for the contest. Still, when she went in
p the travel agent to claim the prize, the registration card
bas found tobe in her own handwriting. She has yet to take
journey, however.

Another mage has been dreaming of Australian-spe-
fic fauna living comfortably in strangely juxtaposed
pcations, such as a koalas climbing the plastic eucalyptus
board room, a crocodile wallowing in a wading pool in
iddle of a subway car, anda kangaroo shoplifting Ding
gs at the Quickie Mart. These animals seem to be
recting him to travel to Australia and meet his destiny
ere, but he has, so far, refused their call.

The non-Aboriginal Australian mages are quite per-
lexed by thissudden interestin their little magical backwater.
at none of them have received any of these Rogue
cil messages seems quite suspicious to most of them.

old

yaks Li ae i 7 y, S
eS pa

No one is quite sure to which Tradition Alice belongs.
Many just automatically peg her as a Dreamspeaker, and the
Dreamspeakers just nod and smile when anyone asks. Some
believe she's a Verbena or perhaps an Ecstatic: after all, she
definitely enjoys a good party and doesn't spare the generosity
when she throws them, But her intensity, practicality, and
skill with business seem to point to some other Tradition.
There have even been whispers that she was a Syndicate
mage who got turned by a Koori Clever Man and struck out
on her own, an Orphan.

Alice has clean, comfortable, if small rooms available for
the night for cheap, and there are usually one or two doctor
or healer-types available staying at the Roadhouse or nearby.
She sells basic supplies: cloth, water, water skins, tents and
dried food, for those people who want to head off into the
Outback from there. Alternate entrance to the Roadhouse is
attained by dropping down a shaft in the rotting old road-
house above, or by finding a cave opening in the side of a hill
farther out in the bush. Both ways are seemingly protected
and watched: nobody has been able to sneak in undetected
yet; even those with high Arcane scores seem to be detected
rather quickly. Alice doesn't like to take chances.

influx of non-native Australians and have even held counes
meetings to discuss what should be done about them.

The first step any mage must take when he comes &
Australia on the strength of a Rogue Council message is
make contact with the Aboriginal willworkers, forthen
Aboriginals will be politely confused and slightly dista
toward unwelcome foreign guests.

Is it possible that the Rogue Council is using
Shallow Realm of the Dreamtime as a base of operatio
Or that a secret cabal of the Council has its chantry hous
in the vast, untamed desert of the Outback?

Furthermore, several Void Engineer Technocrati
Union agents have "gone native" in Australia of their o
free will in the past year or so, abandoning the Technd
cratic paradigm and literally reverting to a mor
non-Consensual form of magical practice, usually a
result of initiation into Aboriginal magical tradition. Thes
defections have followed several outrageously vulgar Spiri
Effects, one involving the loss of an entire road train full
supplies. So far, Technocracy reclamation agents ha'
been unable to find and "re-educate" the errant Scientist

How could this be? What would cause a hardened Te
hocrat to abandon his precious scientific paradigm?
non-rational processes are at work? Everyone knows that
Void Engineers are the easiest of all the Conventio
subvert: they are used to thinking in terms of other
other possibilities. Is the Rogue Council trying to subvert
Technocracy from within, or is this justarandom coincidenc

i L

a

|
fie

Because of the sheer concentration of willworkers and
the kinds of conversations that take place around tables in the
Roadhouse, the Technocratic Union would love togetamole
into her operation, but she tests all employees thoroughly
before sharing with them the secrets of the place, such as
where it is located. Most short-time employees and many
patrons just believe she's somehow dug a secret hole in the

WIDE AWAKE IN THE DREAITTIME NATIVE AUSTRALIA 23

enti me

r " Pat gt
Wey yrs Nay Wed FPA Ce AAD ride ees "

helt) es

1

nae » & ft
| Nay ve pie) ied
thas Pes lb

basement of a warehouse in Sydney — they have no idea that
the actual Roadhouse is hundreds of klicks away, out in che
bush. Regulars all know the truth, however, because of the
tremendous numbers of People who pass through ona regular
basis, People who would never make it dressed (or perhaps it's
better to say "undressed") as they are walking through Sydney.

a Perio ry
A eT Os Uae Gabi!
' PaaS, yey



FT ee Re TE OL EL MON.

Angel walked down the streets of Calcutta. The
soft snoring of the street hustlers and the beggars
whoslept in doorways mixed with the buzz of flies
and rustling paper. The oppressively warm air
clung like a moist second skin, asa steamy breeze
blewin from the bay. Sometimes, the sickly sweet
smell of rotting flesh rolled off some beggar's body
ashe tumedoverinhissleep, coughing... leprosy.
Nothing in the holy dance was sacred any longer.
Dressed in the tattered remnants of her miniskirtand shreds
of an overly tight baby-T, the spots of blood all too obvious on
the pastel pink fabric, she sobbed, tears making pale, pink lines
down her face as the ichor ran off. A smile creased her perfectly
formed, blackened face, causing the innocent dimples to show
on her midnight-black skin. Resting two sets of arms at her side,
she raised two of the limbs in the symbol of the end of the dance,
the moon coming down. All was lost for these people. The
Mother was coming, and with Her came destruction and a final
rest for all the souls of the world. In Oblivion...
eee

Angel sat on British Airways flight 800, non-stop from
Los Angeles to Calcutta. Sipping her rum and Coke she
listened to the piped-in "Latest Pop Chart Toppers" on the
cheap, plastic headphones the disgruntled stewardess had
given her. The sky passed by outside, midnight blue with
silver-trimmed clouds. The waves below crested chrome

4

AND THE BEAT Goes @N: SHAKTI AND SHIVA

i

=
=

i)

ht

ait

fy

k

BTR

colored in the light. She just shook her head and keptsmiling.
She was finally getting to go to India.

India! She giggled to herself. All that hard work of dancing at
the club and the occasional "job" on the side was finally paying off.
Looking down at her perfectly manicured nails and golden tan, a
small smile creased her face. She was going to get to see the true
birthplace ofher Tradition. Sure, Imarawantedher tocheck in with
some nutball. But how was that any different from normal? She was
the hottest girl in the cabal — how else did you get some ancient
wizard to give up his all-powerful spells? Show hima little tail and
he'sall yours. Maybe she would even leam something important; if
the reports they got in were correct, she would. Like how to get
around the messy Storm. Lord knew what kind of treasures a smart
user could find on the other side of the Gauntlet...

Angel was standing in the lobby of the Hilton next to the
airport. She was tired and gritty despite the short walk. Her
little suitcase on wheels seemed to weigh about six times as
muchas itusually did and she was ready to get rid of it. Walking
up to the desk, she looked at the clerk from under limp hair.
"{ believe you have a reservation for an Angel Rose?"
The man shuffled through his papers and nodded and
mumbled something. He took a key out of a box on the wall
and slid it across the desk to her, not really paying attention.
She took it and started to walk. She looked up and saw there
was a bar: Casablanca. She snorted. How much more cliché

ve)

' onhy Te " a | é ;
Hee VPd ye YP k faye YER peubldg, i ere Le Ay MR AT (ac Ba butan! fn
tating t Nyy) a» Geely a | "ae We We fy"
ho yi) TS pe deg eee po ee Re gh re

IEE
1

orate

AEF,


could they get? But a drink would go over well about now.
Taking a sharp detour, she found herself sitting in a darkened
booth with a faux '20s feel. With the cold table under her
hand, she ordered a rum and Coke, the drink of champions.

"No charge," said the waiter, as he set the drink down on
the table.

She looked up as if she didn't hear him right. "Huh?
Excuse me?"

"The gentleman at the bar is picking up the cost, Ma-
dame," he said, and scuttled off to wipe a table.

Angel saw the man at the bar. He was short for a guy.
Maybe five-foot-eight, about 150 pounds soaking wet. Which
would not be a bad thing, because he was obviously cut.
Indian, with decent, charming smile, twinkling eyes. Going to
have to watch him. Not to be paranoid or anything — it's not
everyday that a guy buys a girl a drink. But who knows how much
he's picked up on? Here's hoping he's not a Technocrat. She
smiled back at him by way of an initiation to her table.

He stood up and slid over to her table — "slid" being the
appropriate word, or maybe prowled... a jungle cat in human
form. God, I hope he's not a Technocrat . If I can weasel my way
into his bed... Smiling, she moved to the side so that he could
make his way into the booth without being inappropriate.

eee

"Destruction is the way of life."

Angel stared at the handsome Indian man sitting across
from her at the table. His brown eyes peered from behind bars
of dark lashes. Rajiv sipped hiscoffee quietly, lookingher in the
eyes. Throughout the entire conversation, he had neverglanced
below that level. This man obviously had more class than most.

"Think about it like this: Ifone looks atthe night sky, the
first thing one will notice is the brilliant white of the stars and
moon. But realistically, there is more blackness around it than
the simple light. Over time, even the bright whiteness of the
stars joins the black. They are destroyed. and become one. The
dance of destruction goes on."

Angel thought about this and then posed a question: "If
destruction is all there is to life, then why bother? If we can't
change that, then why are we here at all?"

Rajiv took another sip of his coffee. "Because from
destruction comes a new birth...."

eee

"They believe that the world should stay just the way it is. No
change, nothing. They want everything tobe perfect forever," Rajiv
said as he slipped from stall to stall in the spice market. The smells
assaulted Angel's nose; she was in awe of this place and this man.

"But why are they attacking people, then? That's cer-
tainly not stable; that's change to the extreme."

Rajiv stopped next toa booth thatcontaineda giant pile of raw
cinnamon and leaned over to smell it. It was pungent, almost like
ataste in the back of the throat — not a smell, but almost a feeling.

"Because only in death is there no change," said Rajiv,
looking solemn.

"You cannot trust this man! Do you understand me? Your
superiors sent you to me, not to him, and I forbid you to
associate with him!" said Jonathan, an obviously colonized
Indian man in his mid 50s. He sat behind his impressive
wooden desk and stared at her through a set of circular bifocals.
This was to be her teacher. The ways of Shiva opened to her.

"My superior?! I don't know who you've been talking to,
bub, but Imara isn't anyone's superior. This is my vacation
and|'Il associate with anyone I damn well please!" She turned
from the desk and stormed out the door, her red hair flinging
back and forth ina conservative braid. She'd actually dressed
intelligently for that pompous ass.

Working her way through the Dakshineshwar Temple,
she moved toward the main entrance, walking around the
clump of tourists goggling over the statues of the blue-skinned
Shiva. That's the last time I ever listen to Imara and his Internet
contacts again. I'm learning 10 times as much from Rajiv...

eee

"The city's poor are a result of the East Indian Trade
company. Originally, this was a grouping of three villages.
Mostly, they fished. They lived their lives close tothe land. Then
the British came and disrupted that peace. They tumed the
villages slowly into a metropolis. And then, when they were
finished with it, they just let it fall apart. They say that Calcutta
is already dead. I don't quite agree; we've just moved further
down the line of decay, from being a breathing collection that
formed one body, to being a fungus that lives on a rotting corpse.
Calcutta won't be dead ‘til we are through with it." They passed
the Writers' building, the birthplace of the bureaucracy here.
Youcouldalmoststill see the little men scuttling toand fro trying
to get shipping orders ready. Angel just shook her head as Rajiv
went on. He insisted that one had to know the history of an area
before one practiced the way of the Brahma in it.

"Before the British came, the people worshiped the great
goddess Shakti. She is a representation of the karmic wheel that
we all walk. Her form changes with each age. She was honored, as
she had been like us,a Brahman who became a goddess. But sadly,
asthe wheel tums, she becomesasitis. Thisis the final ageand you
will find her in the aspect of this age, Kali, the Destroyer. This is
not as horrible as it sounds. It just means that we are that much
closer to the golden age. The beginning again." He smiled to look
ather. God, he made even the end of the world sound like a nice place.
T'm so glad I stuck with him instead of that old stick at the temple. Now
if I could just get him to stop talking history and get him into bed...

eee

The world was perfect when she was lying in hisarms. Nothing
could undermine his safety and strength at this exact moment, and
Angel was happy. Happy. She couldn't rememberbeing that way for
longtime. Rajiv didn't care that she wasa stripper ora hooker. He
loved her for what she was. He snored quietly next to her and she
cuddled up closer to his amber skin. Smiling to herself, she realized
that this was what life was about. Money meant nothing in the face
of this. She was actually considering never going back home. The

states held no love for her. Sure, her cabal back home would miss
her, but they would understand. How could they not? Happiness
was hard to come by, and living here in India with Rajiv...

The temple was an ancient stone structure. Pagodas laced
with lichens and moss shot up through the trees like their very
own prayer to heaven. At the lower levels the moonlight shone
on the faces of the triadic spirits of Hinduism: Brahma, with his
bull head; Shiva, with his calm, almost cold face; Vishnu, smiling
benevolently. But this temple was not dedicated to these gods. It
was the holy mother to which one prayed here. Gathered around
thealtar were six priests—six Brahmas. Chanting in unison, they
looked upon the goddess Shakti's form for this age carved in the
rock. Her tongue waggled out in anger. Her eight arms held the
weapons of war. Her feet rose in the dance of victory.

The six men danced and chanted around her image.
Thugees of old once held their place, but now their weak forms
were Shakti's only strength. Another man, a follower of Shiva,
was tied to the altar. He quivered with fear and stared into the
harsh flames of the bonfire while begging for his life. But the
assembled cultists didn't hear him, or chose not to listen.

"Oh, Holy Mother, our Eight-armed Goddess of Ages, we
bring you this Vessel of your Wrath. As your husband smites you,
cursing your darkened skin, so do we offer these in appeasement
of you. A follower of he who would take yourname, seeming, and
blessing in vain. May your feet carry you swiftly to us so that we
may feel the final yank of the wheel as we tum to the golden age!"

With a swift downward stroke to punctuate his words,
the high priest slammed the knife home into the pleading
man's heart. His eyes immediately glazed over as his sanguine
fluid poured down over the stone alter. It shone in the night
like freshly polished obsidian.

That's when the ground opened up and released the
goddess in all of her fury. She looked out at the group, smiled,
and flew off to the stars. Above them they could see the four
guardians of the Brahmas meet her in the air, and they clashed.

Suddenly, above them all, the sky opened up and four
suns rose over them.

And Kali was gone.

That's when they discovered that, after defeating the
four Brahmas of old, she had turned to dismantling the
universe from its building bricks themselves.

She was taking apart the Umbra first.

eee

Rajiv came back to himself from staring off into nothing.
Blinking, he looked back at Angel and smiled. She obviously
had no idea what he intended to do to her. May Shakti be
blessed for her blessing. She was an idiot. It had been so easy
to lead her away from the Shivites. A wink, a few smiles, just
a little blessing and she was his.

He sipped his coffee as he looked at her. She had potential
— Kali had done well to direct this one to them. He would
gladly see to her transformation in the name of the mother.

AND THE BEAT G@es @N: SHAKTI AND SHIVA
yt t a3" WM Lae vine (Ades ie
"ayia Pk fay YEN Mae PE Mba PPE Bk
| thas A ain we, "a

ge Una epee
$e fara 3 '
. hed ape


"So do yousee why youhave tocome to the temple now?"
"You had an actual manifestation of Kali?" Angel stated
flatly, her wide eyes looking in wonder at Rajiv.

"Yes, the mother's time on earth hascomeatlastandnow
we will welcome her for the final dance. | think that your
Tradition was founded on waiting for that, am I not correct?
When everyone will dance at once and we will all reach the
perfect state of being?"

Maybe the old tales about the bottom rung of the caste,
the cross breeds being stupid, were true. Who knew, but she
was certainly gullible. If all Americans are like this, then the
mother should have no problem.
eee

The four bonfires lit the temple again and Angel stood
naked in front of the gathered Thugs. The Kali Temple at
Kalighat, in southern Calcutta, was their chosen meeting
ground, where they would hold thisevening's rite. Ithad been
two years since Kali had started her destruction of the world
and tonight they would try their ritual again. This time,
however, their sacrifice was this woman, Angel, a fitting
handmaiden to their lady of destruction.

Shestood naked in front of the men, herskin creamy white
under the light. A Bengal Tiger, tied up nearby, roared. Across
from her stood Rajiv, his skin painted blue as the summer sky,
with a pale white third eye drawn in the center of his forehead.
He wore nothing but a necklace of flowers around his neck.

Oftthe original eight in the rite, five survived. One had died
trying tocross over into Kali's path, one had been attacked by the
Shivites on his way home (it was expected, and tumabout is fair
play). The final had never believed atall. But that didn't change
the fact that this was an auspicious day. Gathered around, they
started to chant, and Rajiv and Shakti commemorated their
marriage. Shakti in her first form, that of Devi, the wise woman
who rode a tiger into battle to fight the bull-headed demon, she
who saved humanity from the rule of demons for all time. The
lover of Shiva and Wise Woman of the Mountain.

They came together on the altar, forming as one, the perfect
union. Power and Usage. Their passion ignited as the Thugs
continued in theircircle, walkingin and out ofthe light, back and
forth in a circle around and around the mating couple. As the
passion increased, Angel's yellsbecame higherand higher pitched.
The flames of the fires started to reach higher and higher.

As the area became brighter, Angel felt herself changing.
Sex wasn't anything new; she all too often took a client after a
busy night of dancing. But she found herself becoming part of it,
The Deed is a Dance and the Dance called, in her blood, a series
ofmovements that she already knew: Handsare placed here; hips
move like this; the legs lock. The mouth opens to scream.

And Everything was Wrong.

There was ripping in her back and she screamed on and
on as Rajiv's face slowly tumed into an evil grin. Her body
agonized as it turned to whip cord under the strain. Her mind
no longer concentrated on anything sexual, but on vicious,
bloody thoughts as six new sets of arms reached up to pull Rajiv
closer. His face turned to one of agony as she drew him closer
with her eight arms while her legs stayed locked and pulled the
other way. She continued to pull until he was ripped asunder
and his body lay in pieces around her. His phallus hung limp
from her sex. She stood up, blood and gore dripping from her
naked form. She ran a finger up her belly and licked it
sensuously. A wicked grin crossed her face as she stepped off the
altar. Her feet left bloody foot prints on the bare stone.

"Don't offer to play the part of my husband if you're not
up to the task, Pariah," Angel said, her skin turning black as
soot. Her tongue — two inches longer then it was — licked
a dot of his blood from her chin.

The other four Thugs ell back in fear. Their goddess had
come to them once again, her black form glistening in the
firelight, her arms moving seemingly of their own accord
around and behind her. Flashes of ghostlike weapons — of
skulls, of fire — appeared and reappeared. She wasn't leaving,
and she seemed much more real now.

"I believe my first job is to destroy the Four Vedas. Hold
still, boys; this will only hurt a little bit."

They fell back in fear, turned to run into the woods, but
nothing could save them now. Their goddess was on the hunt.
eee

The rain continued to pour down the streets of Calcutta
as Angel walked slowly into town. She was coming to free
them all. Angel did not matter anymore. The Cult of Ecstasy
did not matter anymore. The cabal in Los Angeles did not
mater anymore. Only her people mattered, and the world is
nothing if the Wheel does not spin. And it needs a push...

A BREED APART

India is the world's original melting pot. It has
been under almost constant assault since before
recorded history. The oldest accounts of the
region come from a Greek geographer named
Strabo, who documented explorers' tales of In-
dia, and yetnever visited ithimself. The country
stretches some 2000 miles from one side to the
other and encompasses wonders from dense
jungles to striking deserts, all of it cumulating in

Dean Macc Il
0 lay © OP They

Oe hal
ured fect ai
bags

NV)

"al i i; on ;
WOH AeET icy,
cag (3) i

aconvoluted history that has resolved into a world of poverty
with ancient places unexplored since their creation.

There isno one true way to describe India's people. Having
gone through countless invasions, the country isconvoluted and
strange. One can go from a metropolis such as New Delhi to a
waterlogged farm in the north, to striking jungles that never
seemtoend. The people areas mixed astheirland, neitherunited
nor separated. They are not so much a grouping of one people,
as groups of several peoples all living in a single area.

terh


Hinduism is just as convoluted as its people and its land. A
true religion of the people, it started as the worship of Brahma,
abull-headed god of peace and serenity, and spread to encompass
other deities as they were encountered. Its current form is a
triadic godhead represented by Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva, the
representations of Creation, Stasis, and Destruction. Along with
these triadic deities were their associated wives. Originally, they
were representations of what the main deities possessed, such as
Shakti for Shiva, or Power. With the coming of Tantric prac-
tices, they became independent beings of their own.

‘What truly bound the peoples of India together under one
banner isnot just the accumulated religion of Hinduism. Hindus
have a very humanistic view of their gods and divinities. They
have no problem blessing a god when things are going well or
cursing them when things are going wrong. On top of this is the
caste system, which is still very much alive in India.

GENETIC TRENDS IN G@DH®SD

Shiva is the representative of destruction in Hindu myth.
Blue skinned from consuming poison at the creation of the world
to save humanity, he also represents the transitory nature of
death. Throughout Shiva's godhood, despite him supposedly
being above sex, he still has an active love life with his wife,
Shakti. Shiva, in his aspect of destruction, is the god of the dead
and the afterlife. He is the last stage in the cycle of karma and
moves people on tonew livesas they reincamate. Hindusdo not
think negatively of Shiva because he is the god of the dead; he
is seen asa good god and viewed as being a necessary part of life.

Shakti is a representation of power. She is passionate and
destructive; she is motherly and loving. She is often associated
with the other goddesses of the trinity in older myths — not so
hard to imagine, since they all were thought of as concepts
originally, not actualized personalities. Shakti has eight forms
throughout her life. Each one isa different representation of the
age she lives on the eight spokes of the wheel. She starts in the
first age as Devi, the milky-skinned, calm maiden with a bull
head, and then goes through stages of being a mother and a
warrior, eventually reaching the final stage, that of Kali, the
monstrous destroyer. In myth, Kali is known as the conqueror
of time. She is immortal. Some speculate that Shakti was
originally a wise woman who was later adapted to fit the role
when she gained prominence through Tantric teachings.

Together, Shiva and Shakti forma perfect whole of male
and female divinity. Some modern scholars think that they are
one and the same, male and female joined together. This goes
back to the female deities representing parts of the original gods
— for example, Shakti as Shiva's power. For most of recorded
history, however, they have been seen as separate beings.
Theirs is a symbolic, but typical marriage: Sometimes they get
along beautifully and are perfect partners for each other, while
at other times, the relationship is stormy. A good example of
thisis the story of Shakti's desire to motherachild. Shivadidn't
see the purpose. He saw their relationship as perfect. Bur she
insisted, and prevailed. Shiva is not portrayed as the most

OH

UMTS lth TAA yy

aA fe

AN

Jae,

fatherly person in the world, but he is at least decent to his
children, and Shakti tends to compensate by being overly
motherly, Their relationship is not perfect, but it is good.
Toward the end of Shakti's life cycle, she grows more indepen-
dent and more inclined to fight with Shiva, but the two come
back together when the cycle starts again.

There is one thing in Hinduism, however, that is hard for
most Westerners to understand: the caste system. In the caste
system, everyone is confined to one of four castes, determined by
the family into which one is born. It isa karmic measuring stick.
"Lwas bom here because this is where I am in my development."
To most Westerners, this appears to be an excuse for discrimina-
tion, especially when faced with certain facets.

In the caste system, there are four main castes, and then the
one that is not mentioned, The first four castes are based on the
Vedas, orancient religious teachings of Hinduism, and on socio-
economic means. At the top of the scale are the Brahmans, or
holy men. The class below them, the Kshatrias, are warriors and
administrators. The caste below them, the Vaishyas, are farmers,
merchants and artisans, and below them are common laborers
and servants, or Shudras. Below them, however, fall the Dalits,
or "untouchables." These people —according to some statistics,
240 million of them, or 25% of India's population — are
considered dirty, polluting influences, and experience extreme
discrimination in employment, housing, and human rights.

STORYTELLING ©N THE W/ HEEL

Hinduism offers a great number of myths on which to base a
story. A lot of it is just a matter of research, but we've provided
some simple storylines that could be used by your group. Don't be
daunted by the amount of "canon" material thathas been done on
India in the past. In general, youasa Storytellercan take itor leave
itas you want. Just because there is a major show going on doesn't
mean that therearen'ta great deal of minor shows goingon around
thatone big show. Take the time to read over some myths and get
creative. Some possible sources for these are your local library; one
can usually find books of Hindu myths. Another place to look is
the Internet, keeping in mind that what is found online should be
taken with a grain of salt; it is easy to type into your search engine
of choice whatever you happen to be looking for.

The first thing that any Storyteller will want to consider
when deciding to write a story based in India is the climate,
be it political, social, or seasonal, at the time of the tale.

India of legend was a land of mystery and wonder, where
Naga changed from humans to snakes and lived as one with
the people. The gods walked the land, battling and loving
each otheras they intermixed. There were ancient temples in
the jungles and holy men wandered the land preaching to the
masses. Enlightened men sat under trees in perfect content-
ment with the world. Salazar sat in the Taj Mahal and told
erotic tales to a sultan. Images from the Kama Sutra roll
through the mind, contrasting with the smell of rotting
almonds as people die of leprosy in the streets. It was a vicious
land of savage beauty, yet cultured to the extreme.

Fe THE Peat Goes @N; SHAKTI AND SHIVA
Aen ryihee Nits

—

= ay ATE CRS Sia aoe
Se \ SENET aE;

—sm =)
‘ ft,

The modern perceptions of India are not so bright,
however. All one has to do is watch CNN for a week or two
and eventually something ugly about the Indian sub-conti-
nent is bound to appear. Today's discussions turn to thoughts
of nuclear and physical war. With a population of over a
billion people, the thought of India rising to be the next
superpower is truly frightening to most Westerners. Less then
20 years ago, their prime minister was assassinated. The
general population lives in poverty while an elite upper class
hoards the wealth. Overall, it shouldn't be an easy time for
characters in campaigns set in India. Visiting a country in the
midst of a political crisis is risky. They will needa lot of money
or a lot of contacts to get around efficiently, and to get the
things they might need.

Many of the older myths of Shakti and Shiva are coming
more and more into play in the World of Darkness. The
triadic basis of Resonance can be found here in the form of the
triadic godhood of Shiva, Brahma, and Vishnu, representa-
tions of Entropy, Creation, and Stasis. These are the end
times for much of the world, so the roll of Shiva is growing in
popularity all the time. Hindus tend to have a different view
on the end times than most Westerners; they don't see it as
ending but another stage that the world must go through. If
a cabal runs around screaming that the world is ending, the
people just shrug.

BEC@MING DEATH
AND DESTRUCTION

Paradigm is important to anyone practicing magic. The
view a mage holds of the world is one of the keys things in his
Awakened life. In order to envision a new structure of reality,
amage must change that reality. It's never easy and should not
be done in one day. But it can be beneficial.

Shaktists are very focused on themselves. All power
comes from within. That within is a blessing of the goddess.
Through concentration, a mage can make what is within
become what is without. This is not an easy process. Along
with this belief comes the goddess's view. In this final stage of
the wheel she is Kali— destruction in its purest form. In order
to become destruction, one has to destroy, whether it be lives,
property or social structures. It's the end of order and life. A
mage has to become a part of that while somehow reasoning
out his own survival.

Shivites have an easier time of things. The lord of the
dead is a well-respected figure in India. Almost every culture
on the planet hasa god of the dead. This concept is not so hard
to fit into most paradigms. The big problem is that it's mainly
a matter of quiet contemplation. Shiva is not a loud god; he
is a god of honor and respect. He leads the life of an ascetic.
All worldly pleasures are forgotten in pursuit of oneself. It's a

ye |

pom ie _—
mim fest"

1(.—+~ ———— - se

INDIAN R@TES
CHAKRA INFLUENCE
[eee LIFE OR eee [IND OR eee PRITE]

In Tantric practices there are seven Chakas, or power
points, in the body. One in the genitals, one in the stomach, one
in the sternum orsolar plexus, one in the heart, one in the throat,
one in the third eye, and one at the crown of the head. These
seven power points are like small engines that fuel the life of a
person, coming down from the Heavens through the body and
exiting in the form of exertion. This rote allowsa mage tocontrol
his Chakras and those of others to his own ends.

System: This multipurpose rote is designed to be a way of
controlling a body via a certain paradigm. You could easily
enhance someone's sexual arousal via the Bottom Chakra (Mind
eee), oryoucould silence someone's voice with the Chakra in the
throat (Life © ), dull their emotions by using the Heart Chakra
(Mind ¢¢), or even close off their Pattern's Quintessence flow
by closing the chakra at the top of the head (Prime ¢ © ¢), Thisrote
is multipurpose and could be used for any variety of means to
control someone. It is sometimes Vulgar, depending on its use.

Body Placement Color Spheres

Genitals Red Life ¢¢® or Mind ¢e¢
omach Orange Life ¢¢* or Mind e*e
Sternum Yellow Life eee
Heart Green Life ¢** or Mind eee
roat Blue _— Life eee
Third Eye Purple Life e#e
Top of Head Gold Prime 9e¢@

DEITY FORM
[ eee FORCES, ecoe | IFE eoee PRIME
ee SPIRIT, @PTIONAL #¢¢00 ENTROPY |

The mage can actually become an Earthly avatar of a god.
The mage has phenomenal cosmic power — for a while.
Paradox eventually catches up with her, bringing her back
down to Earth — hard.

Nonetheless, this makes for a most impressive religious
display and may spur a renewal in the god's religion or culkt.

System: When first cast, the mage feels fantastic, suf-
fused with power. It gives him a number of Effects at once:
Friction Curse (Mage revised, p. 166) or Telekinesis (p. 167)
to represent the deity's raw power, Better Body (p. 171) to
boost Attributes, Mutate Form (p. 171) to take on the aspect
of the deity (multiple arms for Kali), Wellspring (p. 185) to
replenish power, Spirit 2 to call the deity, and, optionally,
Entropy 5, to renew the deity's worship in the modern world
— reinvigorating the very idea of that deity among those who

1 . subtle shift, but can be difficult for a Westerner. witness its avatar.
- 2 hag |
tiv
ra 80 Deap Mace
4 ae | io , t wim >!
AN MEME. Ue ltdeng ASAE pet 9 caaved saesysies stetier. ee &
! | "Re ec ee ey He fay. 5 | "ye Ar til a ry y Nes ie ong Tay os aT B:
ail Ter - bo aaa aay be io a iy | "4 Ye Pub te ' ae ee cae mf

‘| CaR le et gol ES

—

—

It requires a minimum of 10 successes to achieve the Effect,
which lasts for one scene. Additional successes can extend the
effects and damage of the various powers listed above.

The downside of this rote is that it is extremely Vulgar.

KARITIIC INVERSION [ee ee PRITE, ee LIFE]

This rote represents one of the possible ways that mages in India
have found around Kali's dance of destruction. It allows a mage to
take the damage he would normally suffer from an encounter with
the Avatar Storm and shuffle it off on another mage. This usually
ends up killing the recipient of the shuffled damage.

It first requires the mage victim to be linked to the
caster's Pattern through a gruesome ceremony of torture,

bloodletting and abuse.

System: The mage uses Prime and Life to tie his Pattern
to that of another person. This requires an extended casting
during which the mage must elicit pain from the victim to be
linked to him. He must also mix his blood with that of the
victim (he may want to first be sure that the victim doesn't carry
any diseases). The number of successes required is equal to the
Arete + Willpower of the victim — it is much harder to link to
a highly enlightened Master than to a newly Awakened
apprentice. Once linked, whenever the mage steps sideways
and suffers Storm damage, it is delivered onto the rote's victim
instead. This rote only works on those with Awakened Avatars
— in other words, only a mage can act as victim.

The very act of casting this rote on another mage causes
the caster to gain one dot of Entropic Cruel resonance. If the
rote causes the victim to die from the damage suffered, the
Resonance becomes a level of Jhor. The caster reeks of blood
magic and is on the slow decline to corruption. This rote is
almost Nephandic in nature and could be considered the
gateway to corruption. Player and Storyteller be warned.

Leve Me Love Te[ «ee LIFE ee ITIND]

The perfect seduction is more than important to a cult
that sacrifices people. There is no easier way to get someone
to the altar block than making him think that he wants to go
there. And there is no better way to lead him than his libido.
This rote is usually cast by the mage upon himself in relation
to a certain person. A guy would cast it on himself to make
himself more attractive to a female. The physical body takes
on small changes to make itself more attractive to another
ideal. Nothing major occurs, like complete rearrangement of
cells or change in hair color; just small changes, such as a
clearing up of acne or a slight change in vocal tone.

System: This is a cumulative effect. It starts with a basic
meeting where the first Mind Sphere scan is done on the
subject and Life magic adjusts to appeal to him. Slowly over
time, the person who it is cast upon changes to be more liked
by the person who it is connected to. In game terms, this
means that the mage gains more dice over time for Appear-

ance- and Charisma-based rolls.

° oS IW vo
Be das sae PBS, « G ‘ns

A first encounters provides +1 to Appearance, the sec-
ond gives +1 to Charisma, and further encounters each add
one more bonus, alternating between the two traits depend-
ing on the nature of the encounters. The total bonus provided
between both Traits is equal to the number of successes rolled
on the casting.

Just like with any other social interaction, the difficulties
can go higher depending on how the last encounter went. If
a character is completely unattractive to a person, then his
difficulty is going to be considerably higher.

This rote is coincidental.

STORY IDEAS
A FIGURE IN THE ITIisTs

While near a graveyard, a minor Rudra, the child of
Shiva and Shakti, is seen hunting what appears to be demons.
If asked and questioned, he directs the cabal to the Umbral
destruction, stating that his mother has started too soon. He
asks the cabal to help him hunt the demons attracted by the
destruction who now threaten a small town. During this, the
cabal learns more of the rite that brought Shakti, or at least
a incarnation of her, into this world, possibly from a demon
or an eyewitness. Either way, it leads the party to discovering
the basic situation from a cultist's view.

THE DESTR@YER HAS Cerne

A town is now under the attack of the Destroyer. Black-
skinned, devil-tongued and eight-armed, she walks around
mindlessly killing and is currently cutting a swath across the
area, trying to reach some unknown goal. Time is the enemy
for the cabal as they try to track down this mysterious thing
and find out what it is. As an added pressure, there could be
a famous mage who has slipped into Quiet while casting the
Deity Form rote (see above). It could be a Marauder ripping
her way across the country. The possibilities are endless.
What could she be searching for? In myth, Kali had eight
ancient weapons, one for each arm. She also had a necklace
of skulls. Could this being, whatever it is, be searching for its
weapons? The conclusion and methods are up to the Story-
teller, but this could be an ongoing quest.

RUITIORS IN THE ITIACHINE

Word has come down from your superiors that the
Technocracy is actually holding a cabal of Shaktists hostage.
The rumors are that the stories coming out of India about the
nuclear blast are true. If they are, and it was all a Technocracy
cover-up, the cabal might be able to blow the whistle on them
and possibly convince even Technocratic agents of the kind
of yoke they've been under. This has the possibility of being
a world-changing event in the mage storyline and a story of
titanic proportions.

F sis THE pas G@eES @N: SHAKTI AND SHIVA 81

ax

"~,

NN

UiKN
q

f
‘

4

{ ¢ ‘ AA =-

N/

.
t
>
¢ AT A

/

Ui :

~
CP A + #
4 2
eo :
= . ,

© aie RE hes
Pht ae

a

2
Os ——
al acl

"?

.

re rie pe Wey, yh read Pe dg! Phy | " nibbig fre a ns { ee Gy ene a Ms
es 4, a: ay berm OF t- ge. ap" » 39," He
we coe RR aa aS 1 ( rE ree oe ad rik ‘, tty hae


4 a

PL

7

men

fy

he

men

i

EE

bi

\

FT TE OE TE TE CL TM ON.

He spoke of memory, and now he walked in memory as well. It
was as though a veil had been tom aside and now he saw the old world,
the land where myths had slain one another for sport and spite, until

the day when the final battle had come
— Christopher Golden, Hellboy: The Bones of Giants

THE HANGED ITIAN

The squirrels are talking to me.

Well, OK, a squirrel. But I'm pretty sure
it's a sign I've been out here for too long.

It's my own damn fault, I guess. I just had to
raipse half way around the world to The Middle of
Nowhere, Norway just so I could come out here
and hang myself from a tree. I've lost count of how
long I've been out here. It must not be nine days
yet, or else Kristen would've cut me down by now
Bad enough I'm outhere bare-chested in the cold, but throw in the
complete lack of food and water, as well as the ritual bloodletting
byspear point, and I'm pretty sure I've gone into hypothermia. But
then that wassupposed tobe the entire point. Hanging fromanash
tree, suspended — literally — between life and death.

I must not be paying enough attention to the talking
squirrel, because now he's throwing nuts at my head.

IN THE

Part

cls \¥

"Cut it out, you little furry bastard!"

Until this moment, I'd never in a million years thought
it possible for a squirrel to actually look indignant

"Bastard?" The squirrel tums its nose up at me. "I am
Ratatosk, little hairless monkey, and I am quite sure my
pedigree has fewer holes in it than yours."

"Ratatosk? The squirrel that livesin the branchesof Ygadrasill?"

"Ah, you've heard of me then? Good. This means you are
not a complete imbecile after all."

I roll my eyes. "Yes, I've heard of you. I read about you
when I was eight years old. Ratatosk the squirrel, lives in the
branches of the Yggdrasill, where he sees all and tells all."

He actually begins to preen. "That's me. Ratatosk, the
great learner ofall secretsand bringer of wisdom, heroof many
an epic saga."

SHAD@®WS @F THE \W/@RLD ASH: THE N@RSE

" » Zit 7
oyty bed VER yy Mk
] a4

Omead taht


"More like Ratatosk, the nosey busy body and incurable
gossip who appears in children's bedtime stories," I reply.

Another nut hits me in the forehead.

Ratatosk fixes me with a stern gaze — well, as stern as a
squirrel can be — and lectures.

"You are the one who came here looking for wisdom,
monkey boy. Be grateful that one as knowledgeable as I has
come down here to offer you that which youseek. A thousand
years ago, one of you gallowsmen would've been honored by
my presence. These days all you do is whine and mock me."

If I didn't know better, I'd swear he was starting to pout.

"Fine," I reply, "Thank you, great and wise Ratatosk for
answering my summons. | welcome any wisdom you see fit to
offer one such as myself."

"Much better," the squirrel chirps. "Now, come along.
We have much to see and much to learn, but not much time
in which to do it."

"How am I supposed to get down from the tree?" |
inquire.

Another nut hits me in the forehead, and I suddenly fall
to the cold, snow-covered ground bellow.

"Hey!" I yell.

I struggle to my feet, brushing off snow as I look around
for my obnoxious little teacher.

"Any other foolish questions?"

I turn and see Ratatosk perched upon... my shoulder?

My body continues to hang from the branches of the ash
tree, although I am no longer in it. As I look around the
clearing, | see that Kristen continues to sit wrapped in her blue
cloak, still spinning thread with her spindle. She seems com-
pletely oblivious to my conversation with the talking squirrel.

"Youare no longer in the world of flesh, gallowsman. You
are in the world of mist. Of mist and memory. And of myth."

His beady little eyes are actually twinkling.

THE GOD ©F THE GALLOWS

"How much do you know about the ritual you under-
take?" Ratatosk asked, leaping from my body's shoulder to the
forest floor.

"Lknow that Odin, the All-Father, pierced himself with
his own spear and hung from the branches of Yggdrasil for
nine days and nights, all so that he could learn the secrets of
the runes and become the god of magic."

"Close enough," the squirrel muttered as he climbed my
pants leg. "Odin is the ruler of the gods, builder of the world and
maker of men. All men's magic comes from him and his
teachings. And the All-High's thirst for mystic knowledge is
unquenchable. He summoned forth the spirits of the dead so
that he might glean prophecies from them. He seduced the
giantess Gunnlod so that he could steal from her keeping the
mead of poetic inspiration, which granted those who drank it
the power tospeak words of prophecy and wisdom. He took the

re

goddess Freyja as his mistress so that she might teach him the
womanly arts of sei r, or witchcraft. He cut out his own eye so
thathe could drink from the well of Mimir and leam the secrets
of grlég, the understanding of wyrd. And finally, the All-Father
starved, bled and hung himself from the branches of the World
Ash, Yggdrasill, suspended between life and death for nine days
in order to learn the secrets of the runes.

"But Odin is more than just the One Who Guesses
Correctly and the Very Wise One. He isalso the Gallows God
and Glad of War. He is the Terrible One, the Worker of Evil
and the One Who Blinds With Death. Men do not worship
Odin; they fear him. In the old days, all men feared the powers
of magic. Not only are they mysterious and dangerous to the
uninitiated, but in these lands they are dark arts as well. The
magic you seek to learn is intimately tied to the lands of the
dead, for the god of magic is also the god of war and death."

I smile at Ratatosk. "You have that speech memorized,
don't you?"

He harumphs. "Be quiet while I'm talking, monkey boy,
or I'll leave you back on the tree where I found you."

"Sorry."

"In order to leam Odin's secrets, you seek to mimic his
trials and torments. You offer yourself to the All-High as a
sacrifice, just as Odin sacrificed his own body to himself. You
seek toleam the power of the runes, and these I will teach you."

"And just how did you learn the secrets of the runes? I
don't recall hearing about squirrels ever hanging themselves."

His eyes twinkle again. "I am Ratatosk. I see all that
occurs among the branches of Yggdrasill. When Odin hung
himself, I watched. And on the ninth day, when the runes
where revealed and the All-Father snatched them up, I was
there, and I also learned the secrets of the runes."

"So while Odin did all the work, you waited around and
took advantage of his sacrifice for your own gain."

"Of course | did," he snaps. "I am Ratatosk, and it is my
duty to witness all that happens in the World Ash. And you
have no idea how hard it is to do nothing but sit and watch
a starving man hang from a tree for nine whole days. And
unlike your friend there, I didn't have any spinning to keep
me entertained while I waited."

Welhen's Tacic

"Speaking of spinning, you would be wise to pay atten-
tion to your friend's crafts. The magics of women are powerful
and subtle, though most of them are not for men to learn."

"Why is that?"

The squirrel laughs. "You came here seeking the power
of the runes. Why? Because that is the magic you have heard
of. Most know the stories of how the runes hold power. But
you do not come seeking the same magics your friend prac-
tices. You wish to become one of the gallowsmen, not one
who wears the cat-skin hood and gloves."

"You're still not answering my question."

Wy VP,

"inn "
ore

l
i es int
re

aces =
Ee

nie 4


"And youarestill interrupting me. You know of the runes
because men learned and used them. And much of history is
what the men wish to remember. You hear of this land and
you think of the voyages of the Vikings, the reigns of kings
and the sagas of warrior gods. Often men who think them-
selves more clever than they are will ignore women and what
they do. They presume that women have always been the
quiet meek creatures they expect them to be."

"And presumption is the mother of all fuck ups."

"Exactly!"

He's getting into this now, which would be strange
enough on its own but it looks like Ratatosk is one of those
people who talk with their hands. The sight of a talking
squirrel standing on a forest floor, waving his arms around as
he lectures me on the battle of the sexes is an image that will
haunt me for the rest of my life, I'm sure of it.

"Women are clever, and they are good at keeping their
own secrets from the eyes of men. That includes the secrets of
women's magic."

"Why do I sense another speech coming?"

Another nut hits my forehead.

"Quiet. The magic of women has always been tied to
their roles in human society. On the one hand lie those arts
that are intimately intertwined with the woman's traditional
duties. These are the arts of the spa-kona, or sp wife. The spa-
kona knows the secrets of spinning and weaving magic into
thread and cloth, as well as the arts of healing and the
intuitive understanding of the threads of wyrd spun by the
Noms. On the opposite side lies the ways of sei r working, or
witchcraft. These are the magics of cursing, commanding the
weather, and summoning the dead. The arts of sei r working
are those most feared by men, as they not only go against a
woman's "natural place" in society, but also because they
provide ways fora woman to avenge herself upon her enemies
and to vent her frustration and anger. And that is something
feared by any man who has greater sense than that of a goat."

"So the magic of women is that of wife and witch."

"Yes, Youaren'tas stupid as you look afterall. The magic
of men flows from Odin, but the two aspects of women's magic
each come from a different goddess. Frigg is the wife of Odin
and goddess of childbirth and marriage. She is the greatest of
spé-kona and is her husband's equal in the powers of magic.
She is queen of the arts of healing, weaving and prophecy.
Frigg knows the destiny ofall things, butkeeps thisknowledge
secret unless she needs it."

"The ultimate housewife."

"Do not mock, gallowsman. When the men go off to war,
itisthe women who work their farms, oversee their townsand
ensure the prosperity of the household. And when the men
return, it is the women who bind their wounds and make sure
they even have something to come home to. The role of
housewife is ancientand sacred. Those who dismiss its impor-
tance, be they men or women, are fools.

"In contrast to the wife and mother that is Frigg, Freyja is
Odin's mistress and lover. She is the greatest of sei r workers,
and the goddess of fertility and sexuality. The arts of illusion,
shapeshifting, weather magic, cursingand necromancy are hers
to command. She taught these tricks to the All-High, and in
return he taught her the secrets of the runes."

"I thought you said the runes were men's magic."

The squirrel laughs at me. "Ha! They are, but they are
women's magic as well. Odin's wife and mistress both learned
the secrets of the runes from him, and in tum, mortal women
learn them from men. The spd-kona uses them to heal and
protect her family. The sei r worker uses them to curse and
destroy her enemies. Someday, some pretty young thing might
come to you looking to learn the magic of the runes. And if you
wish, she'll teach you some of her arts as well. I'm surprised your
friend over there hasn't already told you of this."

"How do | tell the difference between a spd-kona and a
witch?" | ask, ignoring his comments about Kristen.

For the second time in my life, a squirrel laughs at me.
"You don't. Many women are both. The arts of the spd-kona
can hurt as well as heal, and sei r can be worked to aid men
as well as to punish them. In the sagas, any woman skilled in
magic was called a spd-konasimply so thathername would not
be smeared with accusations of working sei r."

"Calling her a wise woman instead of a witch."

"Exactly."

"Butifsei r working is women's magic, why would want
to learn it? And come to think if Odin learned it, why
is it still considered women's magic?

"Ah, now you are actually starting to ask questions of
importance. Why would you want to learn the arts sei r?
Perhaps like the All-High you seek to emulate, you will
simply have the thirst to know it simply to know it."

"Leaming for learning's sake?"

"Yes, but you are interrupting again. The arts of sei r may
also prove useful to you. This is a dangerous world you live in,
gallowsman, and it has become even more dangerous now that
you've decided to cross over into the twilight world of gods and
monsters. The runes are powerful, yes, but someday you may
find that you need a trick that the runes cannot do. It is then
that you will be glad to have learned more womanly arts.

"And womanly arts they are, for they follow the ways of
women. It is the way of men to be direct and straightforward. To
openly confront whatever stands before them. The ways of
women are more subtle. A woman does not challenge a man to
combat with sword and ax. If a woman seeks satisfaction when
a man has wronged her, one of her own men — her brother,
husband orson — will fight in her place. But ifno man can stand
for her, she seeks satisfaction through other means: poison,
curses, and madness. To women, these means are seen as
perfectly sensible. Why try to outfight someone when you can
outsmart them? To men, these means are seen as dishonorable,
because they go against the way a man is expected to do things.
Ifa man leams such arts, he is seen as being less of a man."

He Stee one ie

vehi

rails K re " na iy, Aah


"And that's why there's so little about Norse magic in
popular culture? Everyone wants to hear about the Norse
as noble manly men, who settle their problems with sword
and fist instead of using magic."

"Very good, gallowsman. We may make a magician of
you yet."

WYRD

The squirrel continues. "Of course, it is your wyrd to
become a rune wizard. Else you would not be here today."

"Weird?"

"Wyrd. Fate and destiny. The life path of all men as
spun by the Noms. Youdo know who the Nomsare, hope?"

"Refresh my memory."

Ratatosk sighs theatrically. "The Norns are the em-
bodiments of wyrd, and lay out the destiny of all things.
They are three sisters. Ur ris That Which Isand represents
the past. Ver andi is That Which Is Becoming, the present
And Skuld is That Which Should Become, the future. All
that was, that is and that shall be are known to them. The
Norns are spoken of as both spinners of the threats of fate,
echoing the spinning and weaving arts of the sp4-kona, and
as keepers of the bubbling cauldron of destiny, represent-
ing the practices of sei r workers."

"Like the Weird Sisters from Macbeth?"

"Not like. Are. They are the Wyrd Sisters who lead
Macbeth and the others to their inevitable fates. The arts
you seek to learn are not just found here. They still hold
subtle influences over the lands of the Black Forest and the
Danelaw as well."

"Germany and England?"

"As you call them these days, yes. But we are getting
away from the subject at hand."

"And that is?"

He rolls his eyes at me. "Wyrd. The inescapable power
of fate.

"You are a wizard now, and the greatest of all magical
knowledge is the understanding of wyrd. Not only your own,
but the wyrd of all things. And by knowing, you might
influence it, however slightly. Spé-kona understand these
things instinctively, for that isthe way of women. Watch your
friend's spindle whorl. See how it reflects and scatters the
light. Ithelpsher to focus her mind and better read the threads
of wyrd. Men must work harder to understand the ways of
destiny. The runes may help you in this. They have the power
todivine the doings of the present or past, and thereby allow
one greater understanding of the future. If you lear the ways
of sei r, you will be able to summon up the spirits of dead
women and have them read the threads of wyrd for you."

"Why am I beginning to wonder if men get the raw
end of the deal here?"

Ratatosk chuckles. "You would be surprised, gallowsman,
howoften that truly is the way of things when it comes tomagic."

(2 hoy x
ay ak :
{ My 1 i

\ ved

af


wf

Ne

| ue
tle

©®THER G@Ds

"What about the other gods?" ask. "Kristen told me they
were important."

"Oh, they are. But they are not gods of magic. Still, they
are worth knowing, for sometimes one can work magic by
calling upon their favor.

"Thor the Thunderer is the god of thunder and war, and
slayer of monsters."

"Him | know."

"No, you only think you know. You imagine the Thunderer
as blonde-haired and beardless, perhaps? He was a mountain of
aman, with the fieriness of his hair, beard and eyes matched only
by the fieriness of his temper. In most ways, Thor was the ideal
warrior: mighty in war, boisterous in temperament, and steadfast
in his loyalty to his family and friends. However, Thor also has
the patience and good sense of a small, excitable child. His
hammer, Mjollnir, was an object of greatand terrible power. All
the forces of chaos and darkness feared both it and its bearer's
wrath. So great was this fear that symbols shaped in Mjollnir's
image were used to ward against evil. This power still holds,
though often it must be bolstered by a magician's own power.

"Baldur was the god of wisdom, beauty and sunlight. He
embodied the rebirth of Spring and the warmth of Summer. He was
the most beloved of the gods, and his murder was a great tragedy."

"He was killed by mistletoe, wasn't he?"

"Yes, he was. A warning to those who might dismiss or
overlook something vital because it is so small and easily
forgettable, but also very symbolic. Mistletoe hangs between
the worlds of life and death, much as you do now. It is also a
symbol of Winter."

"The god of Summer killed by the symbol of Winter."

"Yes. And when the world is reborn in the aftermath of
Ragnarok, Baldur will also be reborn. As the son of the Alll-High, he
will take his dead father's place as king of those gods who survive."

"The embodiment of goodness and life slain through
treachery, only to return and ruleafter the end of days. Sounds
like Jesus."

"Indeed," the squirrel says. "And even one as wise as | am
unable to tell if such is coincidence or if it is the result of two
cultures intermingling.

"Tyr," he continues, "was the god of law and justice. Tyr
was called upon to bless and protect things, local assemblies
where matters of law where decided, as well as to provide
victory in battle. Even today, many wizards ask him to oversee
their gatherings. But Tyr was also a symbol. The stories and
sagas of the gods are ultimately the story of order verses chaos.
Tyr is the ultimate symbol of that order."

"I remember something about Tyr. A story about losing
a hand?"

"Ah, yes, that. That is Tyr's most famous story, and also his
most important. When the gods sought to bind the great demon
wolf Fenris, they were forced to use treachery. The gods swore

MY, YEk Wer ES MS ha an vr

Fit i
; en dit 1 iF

olen Fie ‘ ia

false oaths, telling Fenris that they would free him ifhe couldnot
escape the bonds they had crafted for him. The demon agreed,
but only if one of them agreed to place their hand in his mouth.
Only Tyr would agree to this. When Fenris could not escape and
the gods refused to free him, Fenris bit Tyr's hand off."

"And the god of law was maimed, because the gods had
broken their oaths."

"Yes. Now you are starting to understand. Gods, ulti-
mately, are symbols. Frigg and Freyja of the twin roles of
women. Thor of the thunder in the sky and the clash of arms
in war. Baldur of the beauty of Spring. Tyr of the law. Odin
of the mysteries of death and magic unknown to most men.
There are even those who believe that Thor, Baldur and Tyr
are only separate faces of the A\ll-High's various aspects. Thor
the embodiment his father's strength and his role as god of
war, Baldur of his father's wisdom, and Tyr of his father's role
as king. But it is not for me to say if such things are true."

"What about the others?"

"Oh, there are others, yes. Not all are tied with Odin, of
course. Freyr, for instance."

"Any relation to Freyja?"

"Yes, he's her brother — and sometime lover."

"Come again?"

The squirrel smirks. "Freyja isa woman of incredibly sexual
appetites. You should hear what she did to get her necklace,
Brisingamen. But that's not important right now. Freyja and
Freyrare twins. They are Vanir, the old gods whom Odin and his
fellow Aesir replaced. Some say they are the last memories of the
Celtic gods the Germanic peoples drove out. Others have their
ownopinionsabout such matters. I will speak more of them later.
For now, only Freyja and Freyr concem us, for they dwell in As-
Garth with the Aesir. They are both fertility gods, and Freyr was
thegod of plenty and prosperity. He would be called upon to bless
marriages and to provide good luck and excellent harvests. A
few, in this day and age, associate Freyr with the Homed Man,
and his sister with the, in my opinion, generically named
Goddess. Such theories have credence, but they are not impor-
tant for the magics you wish to learn.

"Volundr, on the other hand, is. In the Danelaw, he is
remembered as Weyland. He is the god of the forge. Volundr
learned the secrets of hisart from the well of Mimir, justas Odin
leamed the secrets of understanding wyrd. Where the All-
High sacrificed his eye, the Smith God crippled his own leg."

"T've heard something like this before."

"{ am not surprised. Many gods of the forge are crippled
gods. The art of metal shaping is ancient and magical. In the
ancient days, the forger was one who was vital to a village's
survival. They work magic in their forges, gallowsman, and you
would be wise to learn those arts as well. Those who follow
Volundr's path know the secrets of the runes as well. They
carve them into their works, creating items of great power.

"And finally there is Loki."

"T've read about him."

Ae SHADOWS ers ina ASH: THE N@RSE 87
" hig ern "i Ta "alts ie | oc abt A ‘ty
\ au dae Vis

'

"You've read about more than a mad man wearing a
green suit and poor taste in head wear, I hope."

"Give me a break here. I read more than comic books.
Loki Fire-hair, the trickster god who'll lead an army of giants
and ghosts against the gods at Ragnarok."

"That's part of the story, yes. Loki is the trickster and
chaos bringer. | said before that the stories of the gods are the
stories of order struggling against chaos and darkness. Loki is
the embodiment of chaos, and so is not one of the gods. But
he is Odin's blood-brother, and so he is allowed to dwell
among Odin's people. Although he is a troublemaker, Loki
also uses his cunning and wits to aid the gods. He even
accompanies Thor on several quests. Random chance works
in his favor. Butin the end, Loki's murder of Baldur proves too
much and he is sentenced to eternal imprisonment and
torture beneath the earth. When Ragnarok comes, he will be
freed and will lead the armies of darkness against the gods."

CLIMBING YGGDRASIL

Ratatosk turns and begins to scamper across a fallen tree.

"Come, gallowsman. There is still much to see and not
much time to see it."

I step onto the log, chasing after him.

"Where are you taking me?" | ask.

"Into the branches of Yggdrasill," he replies, not bother-
ing to look back. "Try to keep up. It would be unwise to lose
your way here."

"Howcan | get lost?I'm in the woods with youand Kristen."

"Not anymore, gallowsman. You are in the world of mist
now, remember?"

It's then that I notice the log is no longer a log, but is
instead an enormous ash branch. The clearing with Kristen
and my body is gone, as is the entire forest. All around is
nothing but and endless expanse of giant branches.

My reaction is an example of rapier wit for the ages.

"Crap."

The squirrel begins another lecture. "Yggdrasill is the
World Ash. It is the framework of all that is, and within its
branches hang all the realms of the universe."

"How can you find anything in this maze?" | ask, annoyed.

"Lam Ratatosk, and I know every secret path through the
branches of Yggdrasill," he answers indignantly, "and if you
keep quiet, I might actually bother to teach yousome of them.

"The World Ash does not simply hold up the universe,
itconnects all that exists. All that is, all that was and all that
shall be are connected by Yggdrasill's branches. By traveling
its paths, you may walk among the past and present, as well as
into the realms of the gods or even into the hearts of men. All
things are connected by the World Ash, and through it, all
things are connected to each other."

"Like the Law of Connection?"

1

"As some modem wizards call it, yes. Others have differ-
ent names for it, but those do not concer us now. Come, we
must climb higher. | must show you the other worlds."

THE NINE \W/@RLDS

"Mid-Garth lies at the center of the universe. Itis the Middle
Earth, also called Mannheim, the land of men. You know this
world best, for it is your home. It is also the world where men
belong. Leaving Mid-Garth is not something be undertaken
lightly. Great wisdom can be found beyond, but also great danger.
But you are a gallowsman. You, more than any other, should
understand thar those unwilling to risk danger and death have no
business seeking wisdom in the first place. Some have forgotten
this. They have become softand have forgotten the risks one must
accept as part of being a wizard. Part of your duties, gallowsman,
will be to remind them of this simple truth. If one's wyrd decrees
that he will die that day, it will not matter if he is in the heat of
battle or hiding under his bed like achild. He will dieall the same."

"You're talking about the Storm, aren't you?"

"Yes. Bifrost, the Rainbow Bridge which connected Mid-
Garth with As-Garth, the God Home, has been shattered.
Those who attempt to cross over into the lands beyond Mid-
Garth risk injury from its countless shards."

"But what shattered it?"

"Look, here, below us, what do you see?"

"It looks like the Earth, like I'd see it from space.
Except... it's surrounded by water."

"Yes. Mid-Garth is surrounded by a great and endless sea.
And within that sea lies Jormungandr, the World Serpent.

"The sea is a symbol. In truth, it is the shadow world that
surrounds Mid-Garth. Just as water reflects that which is
above it, the shadow sea reflects what is in Mid-Garth. To
pass into the land of shadow is to pass into a reflection of Mid-
Garth. What dwells there are reflections of life, echoes of
ideas and shadows of the past."

"You mean spirits and ghosts?"

"Yes. In times of war and strife and death, Jormungandr
thrashes within the shadow sea, and the shadow world is thrown
into turmoil. Now, the World Serpent thrashes yet again, worse
than ever before. And in his fury, he has shattered Bifrost."

"But if Bifrost is broken, does that mean there's no way
to get to As-Garth?"

"No. Only that the safest and most well-guarded way is
gone, and that the realm now drifts lost among the branches
of Yggdrasill. Those who seek the God Home now must quest
for it, and must follow more dangerous pathways to find it."

"What of the other worlds?"

"Oh, they are still there, gallowsman. Most of them,
anyway.

"Vanaheim is home to the Vanir, the gods from before the
Aesir. They are creatures of the earth and the oceans, and they

were old when men were very young. The sagas tell many
stories of the gods of As-Garth. This is because the All-High

\ ;
i" Le

.

ith tS

qe


and hisclan are much like men, and their ways are understand-
able to men. The Vanir are almost never mentioned, because
their ways are strange and alien to the minds of men. They are
not simply the gods of the sea or of the mountains — they are
the seas and mountain. If you ever journey to Vanaheim, you
will find yourself in a land in which the trees and the rivers and
the very earth itself thinks and speaks and, ifneed be, acts. The
Vanirare mostly forgotten to the world of men, but sometimes,
those who know the proper way to call upon them are able to
work great and terrible changes upon the very land itself."

"So what makes Freyja and Freyr different from the other
Vanir?"

"They are spirits that represent the place of men and
women within nature. Because of this, they are the most
human of the Vanir, and so came to dwell among the Aesirin
the halls of As-Garth. Njord was also understanding to the
waysof men, forhe was the god-spirit of the seaanditsbounty,
as well as of the relationship between the sea and men."

"So they r
what people do?

The squirrel simply nods and begins a trek along a
different branch

e to people better because they represent

"Godsare not the only things which liveamong the branches
of Ygedrasill. There are also the Lords of Light and Darkness."

"The what?"

"The Kindly Ones, gallowsman. The Fair Folk."

IN THE SHADOWS @F THE \X/@RLD ASH: THE NORSE

WY YEA SAWP YR fa Mey
ey te

Ri apes 4
LCS Fee) ok
he

Yea big PEA

The squirrel sniffs. "As their watered-down and bastard-
ized memories are known among your people, yes.

"Alfheim is the home of the Afar, the Lords of Light. They
are as beautiful as the summer sun, but as heartless as the winter
frost. Theirs are the ways of illusion and madness. Freyr and
Freyjadwell among the A lfarat times, and both know the secrets
of the Fair Ones' magics. Some sei r workers learn such tricks as
well, and are all the more feared because of it. Alfheim was once
near As-Garth, but has become shrouded in mist and isnow lost
among the branches of Yggdrasill. A few of the Alfar still walk
among the hidden comers of Mid-Garth. They use their powers
of illusion and shapechanging to appear as mortals.

"In the darkness of Svartalfheim dwell the Svartalfar, the
Lords of Darkness. Some are as beautiful as the night sky, but
many of their number have grown bent and twisted down
beneath the earth. The Svartalfar rarely concern themselves
with the doings of mortals, save when they wish to take some
poor unfortunate down into their mounds and barrows."

"Kidnappin

"Yes. The Alfar do this as well, simply for their own
amusements. Those who are taken by the Kindly Ones are
never the same if they return. Many go mad. A few sometimes
return blessed with a greater understanding of wyrd, but they
are few in number and frequently mad as well.

"And then there is Nidavallir, home of the Nidavellim."

uty" fA
WP 4M
yt ek

SAT ua bab t at


"Let me guess..."

"Dwarves, as they are mostly known in thisage. When Odin
crafted the world from the corpse of the great giant Ymir, maggots
burrowed into the giant's dead flesh. These things grew to
become the Nidavellim. They are short, ugly creatures, but they
are the greatest of smiths and craftsmen. After Volundr first
learned his art from the well of Mimir, he then went down into
the halls of Nidavallir to further master his craft.

"[ have not been to Nidavallir in many a season. When last
I saw the Nidavellim, some had begun to master arts beyond that
of simple craftsmen. They followed in the footsteps of mortal
artificers, some even going so far as to replace parts of their own
stunted flesh with wonders of iron and gold. I know not what
might have grown from this in the yearssince I have witnessed it."

Ratatosk leaps toa nearby branch and I have to scramble
to follow him.

"[ have shown you the lands of gods and of men, and the
lands of the non-men. Now, gallowsman, I will show you the
lands of monsters."

"I don't think I want to see the lands of monsters," I
mumble under my breath as | try to keep up.

"What you want does not always matter. You would do
well to remember that. Far too many of your kind forget, and it
becomes their doom. One does not become a wizard by only
looking in the brightand safe places. The path you have chosen
is a perilous one, and you must have your eyes opened to the
dark and dangerous comers of the world if youhope to survive."

The branch leads out of the maze of tree limbs, and below
I see what looks like a great rocky plain. Stretching in both
directions, as far as the eye can see, is a great wall so big that
it staggers the imagination.

"Welcome, gallowsman, to Jotunheim, the home of the
giants. When Odin crafted the world, he built this wall toseal
the giants away from Mid-Garth and the lands of men. For
untold ages, it has stood firm and held fast."

It's at that moment I notice the giant gaping gap in the
wall, as if a wrecking ball the size of a moon had crashed
through it.

"But no longer," the squirrel continues. "The wall has
been torn down, and monsters walk the earth."

"Wait, how could giants be loose on earth? Wouldn't
someone have seen them?"

"Tris the way of men to often ignore that which they donot
wish to see. There are many things that lie hidden in the dark
comers of the earth, away from the eyes of men. But the giants?
‘No. For too long have they been locked behind the walls of
Jotunheim. They no longer remember the secrets of walking
among the worlds of flesh. Instead, the Jotun are now forced to
take on the bodies of mortals. They reawaken recently dead
flesh, and use the bodies to advance their own dark purposes."

"Whar, like zombies?"

"No. And not like the accursed Draugr either. The Jotun
seize the body just as it dies, so that they may keep it alive.

Sees

SSM

=v

They are dangerous foes, gallowsman. When you return to
Mid-Garth, be wary.

Down below Jotunheim you will find the well of Mimir. It
is the well of ultimate knowledge. Odin gave up his eye for the
right to drink from it. Someday, you may be called upon to make
asimilar sacrifice in the name of knowledge. As said before, the
way you've chosen is a way of self-sacrifice and pain."

Ratatosk begins to backtrack along the branch, following it
further down into the darkness. As we go deeper, the branch
becomesslick with ice, and I have to struggle to keep my footing.

"Down here, gallowsman, is the land of darkness and ice
—Niflheim. It is the home of the disgraced dead. Those who
die of poison, disease and old age."

Below lies an endless expanse of darkness and ruin. I see
the remains of battered and fallen buildings, buried in ice and
snow. A storm, greater than any I've ever seen, thunders
across the landscape.

The squirrel speaks in quiet tones. "Niflheim has never
been a pleasant place. It is cold and dark, and a land of pain
and torment. The dead who dwell there are assailed by
countless torments, many bom of their own pain and self-
loathing. But now this storm blows across the land. I have
seen storms such as this in days past, but never before have I
seen one of such force. Even now, it drives some of the
dishonored dead out into the lands of Mid-Garth. It is an ill
omen, gallowsman. No good can come of this.

"Come. We must go deeper down."

"How?" I ask. "I don't see any branches below us."

"Ygedrasill is more than branches. It is the World Ash.
Like all trees, it has roots as well as branches."

The squirrel moves further down into the darkness.

"Here," he says. "Here is one of the three roots of
Ygedrasill. We are beneath Niflheim now. Here, beneath the
lands of death and darkness sits Nidhogg."

Further down the root I'm standing on, I see it. A great
black snake, too large to measure. It sits coiled around the
root, its huge fangs driven into the wood.

"Since the beginning," Ratatosk whispers, "Nidhogg has
gnawed upon the rootsof ¥gedrasill. He will notstop until the day
his poisons bring about the death of the World Ash, and with it,
the death of all that is. See the worms that borrow into the root?
They are Nidhogg's children. Once they were the damned souls
of Niflheim, but they found their way down here into the hidden
spaces beneath the dark home, and Nidhogg remade them in his
image. Now they exist only to eat away at the World Ash.

"Beware though. Not all of Nidhogg's children come
from Niflheim. Even men wise in the ways of the hidden
world have found themselves remade as one of Nidhogg's
worms. Come, we must leave now, before we are noticed."

Ratatosk turns and flees back up into the branches, I
follow as fast as I can.

"Come, we will warm ourselves here for a moment."


The heat is incredible. | feel like I'm standing next toa
blast furnace.

"This, gallowsman, is Muspellheim, the home of doom
and devastation."

Below us is nothing but fire and smoke pouring out of
endless fields of volcanoes and lava beds.

"Nothingcan live in Muspellheim," the squirrel continues.
"Nothing save Surt, the lord of destruction, and his children, the
fire giants. Someday, perhaps, younighthave cause tocomehere
again. There are runes that protect one from fire, but only one
who is very powerful and very wise can resist the fires of
Muspellheim. When the day of Ragnarok comes, Surt will set the
World Ash ablaze, and no force will be able to stop him."

Sweat pours off of me, and all I can think of is part of an
old poem.

"Some say the world will end in fire..."

"And some say in ice," the squirrel picks up. "In this land,
they are both right. The fires of Muspellheim and the ice of
Niflheim will be the end of all things.

"We must keep moving. There is one more place I must
show you, then we must return to the clearing."

HALL®W/ED AND EMPTY HALLS.

The branches of Yggdrasill are gone. In their place is a
great feast hall, the size of a football stadium. A completely
empty football stadium.

"Where are we?"

"In the halls of Valhalla, gallowsman. The great hall of
Odin and his champions."

"It's Viking heaven, isn't it."

"A simplistic way of looking at it. Those who die in battle
take their place among the halls of As-Garth. Half go to
Freyja, along with the souls of women. The other half come
here, to Odin's hall and become his champions."

"Why does Freyja get half of them?"

"Some secret agreement between a king and his mistress,
perhaps. Even I am unable to learn the truth of this."

"OK, so if this is where Odin's champions hang out,
where are they?"

"Gone. Freyja's hall, Sessrumnir, is empty as well. As to
where they have gone, I know not. The Einherjar, for that is
what Odin's champions are called, are destined to fight in
Ragnarok. They will fight beside the gods against the armies
of the Jotun and of the dishonored dead. As I told you, the
Jotun now walk the earth. Perhaps the Einherjar have also
gone to Mid-Garth to seek them out and do battle.

"The Einherjar's absence is yet another ill omen. If they
have truly vanished, then it means that the forces of As-
Garth will be all the weaker when Ragnarok comes. But if
they now walk the Earth, it is a sign that the final battle will
not take place here in As-Garth after all. Instead it will be
fought in Mid-Garth, and that means you, gallowsman, and

STN,

those like you will be caught up in the battle. If this is true,
then you must be ready. If you are not, if you allow yourself to
become distracted, you will be crushed."

"Distracted by what?"

"There are always distractions. Always."

"How the hell am I supposed to know what to not get
distracted by if you don't tell me?"

The squirrel just shakes his head. "You must figure that
out for yourself, gallowsman. This is a hard road you have
chosen, and walking it means making many hard choices.

"Come, we must return to the clearing."

I chase after him. As I blink, the hall shifts and once
again becomes the endless maze of branches.

RAGNAR@K

Ratatosk sits perched on one of Yggdrasill's limbs. Qui-
etly, the squirrel begins to speak.

"Ragnarok is the end of all things. It is inescapable, for it is
the wyrdofthe world. Thiseventwasforetold longago, anditwill
‘come to pass. No force within the Nine Worlds can stop it. The
armies of Jotunheim and Niflheim will march against the armies
of As-Garth and Valhalla. They will clash in glorious battle. The
Thunderer and the World Serpent shall slay each other. The
Great Fenris will devour the All-High. In the end, all will fall.
Surt will set the World Ash alight, and all that exists will be
consumed in fire. And then all will begin again. A handful will
survive, and they will build the world anew.

"Atleast, that is what was foretold. Things, I fear, may no
longer be so simple."

"What do you mean?"

Ratatosk looks downcast. "Things are not occurring as
they were foretold. As I showed you, the halls of Valhallanow
lie empty. Bifrost has been shattered and As-Garth isset adrift
in Yggdrasill's branches. Niflheim is wracked by storms and
thedead escape into the world of the living. And the Jotunare
now free to walk Mid-Garth. This is not as things should be."

"Things fall apart; the center does not hold."

"Yes," the squirrel replies. "What was meant to unfold
with a certain order has now been corrupted by Chaos."

"What happened?"

"As I said before, after the murder of Baldur, Loki was
imprisoned. He was locked down beneath the mountains of
the earth. There he was to remain, bound and tormented
until the day of Ragnarok. The earth would shake and Loki
Fire-Hair would escape his prison. He would gather the up the
Jotun who are his kin and the armies of Niflheim's dead, for
they serve his dread daughter Hel, and together they would
march against As-Garth. They would free Loki's son Fenris
and rouse his other son Jormungandr from the bottomless
depths. An army of chaos set against an army of order.

"Trust the embodiment of Chaos not to follow the way
things were written. Loki has escaped his prison, gallowsman.
The earth shook and the Chaos-bringer walked forth from

IN THE SHAD@WsS @F THE \X/@RLD Ash: THE N@RSE 91

ey

Wore nM YE rabbi ra wil

. Cthend' fe fabian
im Jy Mens (ay Ab un

4y

als
ro


beneath the greatest of mountains. As one of the old gods
walked Mid-Garth, storms and death and madness followed
in his wake. And then in a flash of fire and light, Loki Fire-
Hair vanished. But he has freed the Jotun from their ancient
prison and loosed the dead upon the earth.

"Ragnarok has begun, gallowsman. It is being fought
now, in Mid-Garth. Even now, the All-High looks down
upon Mid-Garth with his single eye, watching the battle. But
Loki has tangled those threads that dictated how Ragnarok
was to unfold, Even now, the threads may be so tangled that
the world will not be reborn once Ragnarok is over. If this is
true, then we face the greatest of dooms. But all need not be
lost. As I told you, youand your kind are gifted with the power
to influence, however slightly, the threads of wyrd. You may
be the ones who can untangle the threads. But Loki knows
this as well. I fear he will work his deceptions to distract you
from those tasks you must perform."

"How?"

"I cannotsay. Lokiis aclever one. Even more clever than
myself, I fear. Perhaps his schemes will become clearer in
time. Or perhaps not. Only by being wary can you hope to see
past his deceptions."

TAKING UP THE RUNES

"Now, gallowsman, the time has come. | will teach you
the powers of the runes and arm you for the coming battle.
Not all of the power will come at once. You must meditate
upon them. Become familiar with their strength and power.
And lear to sing them."

"Sing?"

"Yes, galdr. Rune-singing. The power of the runes may be
carved, but they may also be sung. Odin was the god of poetry
as well as magic. Our poets must sing, for they rarely write
things down. Can you sing, gallowsman?"

"Yeah, I've been in a band for a few years."

"A good one?"

I'mactually discussing my day job with a talking squirrel.
I now have a new benchmark for the surreal.

"Depends on who you ask, I guess. Mostly heavy metal
stuff. A few covers. None of that White Power shit, though."

"Good, good. Too many fools try walking the path of Odin
for all of the wrong reasons. But we are getting distracted.

"The runes are powerful things, and that power may be
invoked by speaking them. As you come to better understand
the runes, you will grasp more and more of them, and better
learn how tospeak them. It will take much practice before you
fully master them, and from time to time you will have to
return here to the lands of mist to better ponder them."

"Why here?"

"Because here in the land of mists, there is nothing to
distract you save that which haunts your own mind. That is
why you hang yourself on the ash tree. This is the land

Coen aa

2 Dean MAG Il

ee
na er Car tha
a4 4 pel A.

igyty!

i Cen cee Yea |)
pee hie

q

as 1 1!
4 14 peer tr

between life and death. Between worlds. Your friend does the
same when she uses her spindle whorl to better ponder the
threads of wyrd."

"Getting caught up in the threads, the way I'm hanging
between two worlds?"

"Yes," Ratatosk chitters. "Now, listen carefully,
gallowsman, as I teach you the secrets of the runes."

The squirrel locks me in his gaze, and as he begins to
speak, his words are drowned out. In my head, | see the shapes
of each rune one by one. In my ears, I heara roar like thunder,
as words of power are burned into my memory. I learn words
that heal and words that destroy. Sounds that can shatter
stone and that can charm the hearts of women.

The force of it overwhelms me, and I fall backwards, off
of the branch and into the void.

DOWN T® EARTH

Thit the ground face first.

Water splashes across my face. | suck in air like a
drowning man snatched from the waves, only to collapse in
a coughing fit.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," a voice says in
accented English.

I look up to see Kristen standing over me, wrapped in her
blue cloak.

Tcan feel the noose around my neck, loosened now that
I'm no longer hanging from the tree branch.

"It has been nine days now," she continues, "and you
haven't had any food or water the entire time."

I cough more as I take the water she offers me.

"Thanks," I rasp out.

"Your vigil was successful," she says, not as a question.
"You have learned the secrets of the runes."

I nod, the sounds still ringing in my ears.

"You don't sound surprised," I tell her.

She smiles. "As I told you before you began, your destiny
was to find the runes or to die here while trying. It is the way
of these things. And did you learn anything else?"

"Yeah. More than I was expecting, I think. Something big
is happening, or is about to happen. Something big and bad."
Kristen nods. "Such is what I've discerned as well."

I struggle to my feet, trying to remember what the hell |
did with my shirt and jacket.

"When we get back to your house, I'll tell you everything
I can remember over breakfast."

"Excellent," Kristen replies as she gathers up the last of
our gear. "But shower first, before you eat. It's been over a
week, and I don't want you smelling up my furniture."

And so with a laugh, the two of us start walking back to
civilization.

' Mp \ i


TEES LE YEN a Aaa
{ ; . ' ‘

The world of the Norse was, by modern sensi-

bilities, a harsh and often unforgiving place, so

it should be no surprise that it produced equally

harsh and often unforgiving magics. Much of
M the moder view of Norse culture focuses on
their roles as warriors, pirates, merchants, ex-
plorers, shipwrights and sailors. Although their
gods are well known, most are known more for
the roles they are given in television shows,
comic books and other forms of popular media than for the
actual myths about them. Less well known are the more
shadowy aspects of Norse culture. Few treatments of the Norse
focus on their diverse magical practices. Even the rune lore
popular among numerous modern subcultures only scratches at
the surface.

The reasons for this state of affairs are many. Magic wasseen
by the Norse asa dark and unwholesome practice. Although not
considered evil, the arts worked by Norse magicians were fright-
ening and disturbing to most people. It was the province of the
gods and of the dead, and it was dangerous for mortal men and
woman to risk such powers. Secondly, much of the popular focus
on the Norse culture has focused on the male side. The stories of
the Vikings, kings and male gods have long dominated the
average person's introduction to the Norse. While Norse men
had their own arts and magics (the arts of the runes, of song and
of the forge among them), the majority of Norse magical
practices were viewed asa woman'scraft. Men who took up these
arts were seen as unmanly (or even homosexual).

This chapter is meant to provide a window into these
shadowy arts. More specifically, it is meant to provide infor-
mation for those who wish to incorporate aspects of Norse
culture and magic into their Mage chronicle. While great
care has gone into researching this material, what you see
here is not an anthropological text, nor is it a guide to any
modern practices derived from Norse beliefs. This is a
sourcebook fora roleplaying game and should be accepted as
such (large parts of Ratatosk's discussion are as much meta-
phor as they are mythology). The material here is, first and
foremost, meant to be used for your entertainment.

T@OLS OF THE TRADE (Fact)

As with every other form of magic, the practices of the
Norse require tools and other special objects. Each of these
objects holds certain ritual or symbolic significance, and
helps to channel the Norse mage's magical powers. Norse
magic traditionally follows four specific paths, but wizards
were frequently known to follow more than one path. Many
spd-kona would learn certain arts of sei r working, and both
would learn some of the secrets of the runes (most often from
husbands or lovers). Male wizards were also known to learn
the arts of sei r working (however, there do not appear to be
any records of men learning the ways of the sp4-kona).

Players familiar with some of White Wolf' other]
World of Darkness games will no doubt be aware that the}
cultures and beliefs of the Norse have and continue to
exert a certain measure of influence over various super-
natural factions. However, Dead Magic 2 isa sourcebook'

Mage and not for these other game lines. An entire
book could be written about Norse magical practices and.
how they apply to Mage, and with only a single chapter
to devote to the subject, space is limited.

Those looking for information on how.the Norse!
legacy influences other denizens of the modern World of
Darkness should see Clanbook: Gangrel (Vampire: the

querade), Tribebook: Get of Fenris (Werewolf:

¢ Apocalypse), Kithbook: Troll and The Book o
Lost Houses'(both for Changeling: the Dreaming).

Those seeking more information on the Norse dur-

ing the height of their influence and in the period aftep
should see Wolves of the Sea (for Dark Ages: Vam
pire), as well as Dark Ages: Mage.

SPA-K@NA

The arts of spinning and weaving form the comerstone of
the spé-kona's art. A spd-kona's most prized possession will be
her spindle whorl. A spindle is a notched length of wood used
tospin fibers into thread. The whorl isa weighted flywheel used
to regulate the spinning speed of the spindle. While mundane
spindle whorls can be made from almost any substance, a spd-
kona will make her whorl from amber or jet ("black amber").
Amber is a sacred material, believed to be the tears of the
goddess Freyja. The whorl is highly polished, and sometimes
cut so that its surface is faceted like a gemstone and produces a
minor strobe effect when used. The spindle whorl serves as one
of the primary foci for the spd-kona's craft, especially for magics
involving weaving and understanding wyrd.

By focusing her magic through her spindle and whorl, a
sp4-kona is able to bind numerous effects and rotes into the
thread, and further refine such magic through the act of
weaving the thread into cloth. In effect, the acts of spinning
and weaving serve as extended rituals for her willworking. In
addition, the spd-kona can weave numerous Talismans and
other Wonders (the most famous of these are the gamningstakkr,
orwitch'sshirt, and the Raven Banner). Red, blue, black, white
and gold threads are those most used for magic-working, red
thread and cloth being especially useful in healing magics.

The needle is alsoa valuable tool in the spd-kona's art. Most
prefer needles made of high quality bone, ivory or hom, as well
as those made of gold. By embroidering rune patterns into cloth,
the spd-kona may further enchant those items she creates.

IN THE SHAD@W/S @F THE \X/@RLD ASH: THE N@RSE 93

ent) evra)

ee of
abd Ory 8h
nondia ne,

LF
ui

oly
1m

Se Mey Habitaye ly

wb

The healing arts are, perhaps, the most universal of
women's magics. At their most basic, the spé-kona's healing
abilities involve the same use of herbs and other natural
medicines known toall wise women. In addition, the spé-kona
also makes use of rune magic in her healing. These runes are
used to ease childbirth, neutralize poisons, heal wounds and
protect against curses. Women do not sing the runes as men
do. Instead, they carve them into mystic amulets and stones
that protect the bearer from evil magic and aid in healing.

@rlég means "primal law," and refers to the way things
will be laid down. To understand grlég is to understand the
threads of wyrd. A spd-kona has a natural and intuitive
understanding of orlég (think of itas women's intuition), and
with itis able to foresee visions of the future. In some cases the
present and past may be seen as well. Female seers, both spa-
kona and sei r workers, frequently carry a wooden staff. This
staff primarily serves as a symbol of office, marking the carrier
asa seer and prophetess, but can serve asa focus for additional
magical effects as well.

SEI R \W/@RKING

According to the sagas, sei r was the mystical art of the
Vanir, and was introduced to the Aesir by Freyja. In many ways,
sei risshamanic in nature. A practitioner will allow herself tobe
possessed and ridden by numerous ghosts, spirits and even gods.
These spirits will be summoned through the use of ritual chant-
ing known as var lokur (sadly, there does not appear to be any

Dean IMlacic Il
eng. tact die
‘te eat Wy

Ht) 4

i

IQ MES tp

aT 2

record ofthe words ofthe var lokurchantinany of thesagas). An
alternate form of chanting, know as gand, is also used in spell
casting, especially for spells in which asei r travels outside of her
body. This chanting is not the galdr (rune singing) used by male
wizards. Instead it is a rhythmic chanting used to focus the
practitioner's mind and place her in a trance-like state. Sami
shaman do the same using the rhythmic beatings of their ritual
drums, and sei r worker prophetesses will sometimes rap their
staff against the ground for similar purposes.

Most female sei r workers also possess a cushion stuffed
with hen-feathers. This cushion typically rests on a high chair
orevena scaffolding, knowns asei -hjallr, and from there the
sei r worker will perform her magics of spirit summoning and
gand rei ("chant riding", or out-of-body travel). The sei r
worker also wears a cloak — usually blue — and a hood and
gloves made of cat skin (the cat beinga sacred animal of Freyja).
By wrapping herself in the cloak and hood ("going under the
cloak") and performing the var lokur, thesei rworkerbecomes
as one who is dead, and is able to send her spirit out of her body
and walk between the worlds of life and of death. Men who
practice the arts of sei r working do not use the hen-feather
cushion or sei -hjallr. Instead, all of their out-of-body travel is
performed by "going under the cloak," which is usually a
blanket or animal hide rather than the blue cloak.

The knife is another tool to the sei r worker. It enables
her to carve runes into wood (or ifnneed be, flesh) and to bleed
herself to empower the carved rune. Sei r workers will also

Ll
at,
a

Spuuatls
' ‘free te


make use ofa brewing cauldron to create poisons, potions and
other works of alchemy and herbalism, as well as for sympa-
thetic magics. Like the Wyrd Sisters from MacBeth, the
cauldron represents the rolling mass of wyrd that the sei r
worker's magic seeks to influence and manipulate.

Rune ITIAGIC

The more masculine arts of rune magic focus around,
naturally enough, the runes. The oldest known (and most
commonly used today) form of the runes is the Elder Futhark.
See the sidebar for complete details on these runes.

Most rune mages will handcraft their own set of runes.
Those who do not often use sets passed down as heirlooms.
Ash wood, stone and deer antler are the most frequently used
materials, though bone is sometimes used as well. The wood
orantler is cut into disks of similar thickness, while the stone
must be polished down. Each of the Elder Futhark runes is
carved into its individual piece, resulting in a set of 24. The
set is then carefully stored in a bag made of leather or cloth.

The most basic use of the runes is for divination purposes.
A set of runes (usually three in number, though nine are

Fehu (‘fay-who")
Meaning: Possessions

sometimes used as well) is cast on acloth, orinsome instances
upon the ground. The runes grant the caster a better under-
standing of the present, and from that he is better able to
deduce forthcoming events. The runes can also be carved into
wood, stone, horn or other materials to create amulets and
other talismans, or to create wards of protection.

However, the greatest effects are always cast through the
use of galdr, or runesinging. In Saemund's Edda, Odin speaks of
eighteen songs of power and describes the effects of each
when sung. The Norse rune mage knows these songs and uses
them to perform magical effects.

S@NG AND CHANT

It is important to note that while both male and.

ale mages understand the powers of the runes, they;
use them in different ways. Both will affix them to items,
either by carving, painting or other means. However, i
aking the runes, the two paths diverge. Women will
‘only chant ot speak the words, never sing them. Only
men will perform galdr, or runesinging.

Magical Themes: Prosperity, wealth, social advancement.

Uruz ("o00-rooze")
Meaning: Strength

Magical Themes: Strength, physical power, defense, transformation, primal force.

Thurisaz ("thoor-ce-saws")
Meaning: Giant (or Thor)

Magical Themes: Destruction, violent defense, thunder and lightning, applied force.

Ansuz ("awn-sooze")
Meaning: Signals

Magical Themes: Communication, inspiration, creative energy, spiritual knowledge, social influence.

Raidho ("rye-though")
Meaning: Journey

Magical Themes: Quests, seekings, spiritual journeys, the search for justice.

Kenaz (‘‘cane-awze")
Meaning: Torch

Magical Themes: Creation, craftwork, applied energy, passion for one's work.

Gebo ("gay-boe")
Meaning: Partnership

Magical Themes: Joining, generosity, partnership, hospitality, union, the subconscious mind.

Wunjo ("woon-yo")
Meaning: Joy

Magical Themes: Harmony, fellowship, well-being, pleasure.

Hagalaz ("haw-gaw-laws")
Meaning: Hailstone

Magical Themes: Change, disruption, chaos, social upheaval.

IN THE SHAD@®W/s @F THE \X/@RLD AsH: THE N@RSE 95

th

Meets re ae AA LS
ie ae a es il

Pern Reon Ce haan Rc
: Le ee a

. Fanidhent
Fy iia

Wg sen dgde


Meaning: Need
Magical Themes: Problem solving, self-reliance, resistance to hardship, aid, fire.

Isa ("ee-saw")

Meaning: Ice

Magical Themes: Control, stasis, self-awareness, cold, darkness, ice.

Jera ("yare-awwe")

Meaning: Harvest

Magical Themes: Reward, prosperity, natural cycles, taking advantage of previous hard work.
Eihwas ("eye-wawz")

Meaning: Yew Tree

Magical Themes: Endurance, protection, initiation, enlightenment, connections between two counter element
(such as life and death or earth and sky).

Perthro ("pear-throw")

Meaning: Dice

Magical Themes: Luck, chance, cause and effect, hidden mysteries, divination, the wyrd.
Ethaz ("ale-hawz")

Meaning: Elk \

Magical Themes: Communicating with and calling upon spirits and gods, traveling beyond Mid-Garth.
Sowilo ("soe-wee-low")

Meaning: Sun

Magical Themes: Guidance, hope, honor, salvation, wholeness, light, the Sun.

Tiwaz ("tea-wawz")

Meaning: Tyr

Magical Themes: Justice, law, order, good judgment, self-sacrifice, righteous victory in battle.
Berkano ("bear-kawn-oh")

Meaning: Growth

Magical Themes: Beginnings, rites of passage, the cycle of birth, life and death, life changes.
Ehwas ("ay-waw2")

leaning: Horse

gical Themes: Teamwork, loyalty, partnership, fertility, travel.

~ Mannaz ("mawn-nawz")

Meaning: Man

Magical Themes: Self-understanding, intelligence, rationality, memory, the link between mortal and divine.
Laguz ("‘law-gooze")

Meaning: Flowing Water

Magical Themes: Primal life energy, organic growth, virtue, vitality, masculinity.

Ingwaz ("eeeng-wawz")

Meaning: Earth

Magical Themes: Potential energy, rest, gestation, stability, fertility, fucure prosperity or growth.
Dagaz ("thaw-gauze")

Meaning: Day

Magical Themes: Hope, creativity, light, vision, polarities, the separation of two different elements.
Othala ("oath-awe-law")

> Meaning: Homeland

St ee a
Oa eS a

i

py,

ah
a ee
rae "fren te


———s~

ae

wo

S@NG AND SPINDLE

The skills of Performance and Crafts are an important
of Norse magical styles. As an optional rule, the
Storyteller may allow every two successes on a Charisma +
Performance (Singing) roll, at difficulty 7, to add one
utomatic success toa rune-singer's efforts tocast galdr rotes.

Also, a similar rule may be applied to spd-kona when
using their weaving (Dexterity + Crafts) as a focus for
their magic.

SMITHCRAFT

The smith has always held an important place in pre-
industrial societies, and the Norse are no different. A master
smith can craft all manner of useful tools. In addition, a Norse
smith who understands the powers of the runes can carve them
into his work. In this way, powerful spells and other magics can
be bound into swords and other weapons, as well as into
amulets, jewelry, ships and countless other material goods.

To even attempt smithcraft magic, one must have access
to a forge, as well as hammers, tongs, an anvil and other tools
of the trade. In addition, the best items require the best
materials. This means high quality iron, wood, leather, gold
and other goods. Once an object has been forged (or carved, for
smithcraft magic can be used in carpentry and other crafts as
well), runes taken from the Elder Futhark are carved into the

Bn

‘ac Re 5

-

, nd

5 Se
—,
& / = niet

DAEDALIAN VIKINGS

Although nota part of Norse myth, there is another
option for Norse willworkers in Mage. Players familiar
with Mage: The Sorcerer's Crusade will be aware of
Enlightened Artisanry, the preindustrial precursor of
the modern Enlightened Science used by the Technoc-

acy, the Sons of Ether and the Virtual Adepts.
Enlightened Artisans, sometimes referred to as Arrtifi-
cers, use secret lore in the fields of chemistry, engineering
and mathematics to create objects that, while keeping
with the scientific principles of the time period, are able
to mimic the abilities of objects decades — if not

enturies — into the future. Boats that do not leak and
Dlades that do not dull are only the most basic of items
Artificers can craft. Such willworkers will be present in
medieval Norse society, and it is possible that some of
their arts have even been preserved into the modern day.

For more information on Enlightened Artisanry

finished product, Often these runes are placed in hidden or
unobvious locations so that the magic properties of the item
will remain a secret from all save its crafter and its welder.

RETES

The following is a selection of Norse magical
effects that might be found among modern
practitioners of any of the arts discussed in this
mm chapter.

GALDR R@TES

Szemund's Edda features Odin giving his ac-
count of how he discovered the runes and his
description of the 18 Songs of Power which form
the hasis of Galdr magic. Each of these rotes requires that the mage
sing the rune in order to accomplish the magical Effect. In the
paradigm of the rune mage, each of these rotes works for the
simple reason that Odin says they do. To one who believes in the
power of the runes, no other explanation is necessary.

All of the quotes fearured below are taken from the Olive
Bray translation of Semund's Edda.

Please note that there is little to no evidence that the
rune songs spoken of in Samund's Edda correspond with the
runes of the Elder Futhark. The use of Elder Futhark sounds
and symbols in the following rotes are included for roleplaying
purposes, so that players will be able to actually sing the runes
if they desire to do so.

DARK AGES RUNESINGERS

The magical effects listed here may also be found

ong Nordic willworkers in the medieval period, as well as

among the Valdaermen Fellowship covered in Dark Ages:

Mage. Valdaermen means for casting these rotesare listed

rately below, for those players using Dark Ages: Mage.

Those who do not play Dark Ages: Mage may freely
ignore these extra tidbits of magical lore.

HéLP RUNE

[ « ITIIND, ¢ PRIME,

@PTIONAL @¢ OR eeeee PRIME]
Those songs I know, which nor sons of men
nor queen in a king's court knows;

the first is Help which will bring thee help

in all woes and in sorrow and strife.

With this rune, the user may fortify his soul in times of

hardship.

System: The character sings the runes of Naudhiz (for
self-reliance) and Sowilo (for hope and salvation). For each
success on his magic role, the character gains one temporary
Willpower point for the remainder of the scene. At the end

(= | om \ bennemasing

"a0

mo!

—

E

«vip pet

IN Li SHAD@W/S - THE ites ASH: THE N@RSE 97
oa . ; ‘
iiss PA a ers "4H ry raihog en e ThA spanks habia
pia * j celia i ie Nr 5 <P | fas ne | it
a : | ly Vig y iy get Logs fg i fe Aye ' He TS el TEC a ces) tae a
. A ! le ved BA ih] A : 4d c¥ a ro eats ul | tb ay i% : tv. ai ia. al af | 2 Ae ' ] ly ae

f hs r

<a
=‘ WT

r WoT
Stel La

° a

wd fd bP

ae | ate

See" v=

¥,

of thescene, the additional Willpower fades and the character's
temporary Willpower is at two points lower than when he
began. At higher levels of power, the character may add the
rune of Thurisaz (for defense and primal force) in order to arm
himself (as the Holy Stroke effect on page 183 of Mage) or
even channel raw destructive energy at his foes.
Valdaermen: Forlog @@, Fara ¢¢ © (for temporary Will-
power points), optional Hjaldar ¢ ¢ © (destructive energy).

HEALER RUNE
[*@ReeGR cece LIFE OR eee GR eeee MIND]
A second | know, which the son of men
must sing, who would heal the sick.

At its most basic, this rune song simply increases the
user's effectiveness as a healer by enabling him to better
diagnose injury and illness and to eliminate infections. More

«

~ —

7

=|

a

4Q--
aA

AS

my

iv

T.w.s

N

oN powerful runesingers are able to use this song to directly re-
wh knit damaged bones and flesh. This rune song may be used to
a gh provide emotional and psychological healing as well.
= ; ,
oa System: The character sings the runes of Wunjo (for

. ‘

well-being) and Laguz (for primal life energy) while perform-
ing the actions of a mundane healer (Perception + Medicine
for diagnosis; Intelligence + Medicine for treatment). Acts of

Pi

& i diagnosis and sanitation (¢ and ¢e Life) are coincidental,

~_y while direct healing (¢¢¢ Life) is vulgar.

— i To perform psychological healing (¢®* Mind), the
rune-singer must sing the runes of Gebo (for the subconscious

mind) and Wunjo (for well-being) as he meditates over the
) sleeping target of the spell. The mage then projects his own
mind into the subject's dreams in order to better understand
and to deal with the other person's inner demons (roll
Perception + Enigmas for diagnosis, Intelligence + Enigmas
to attempt to influence the sleeping subject's dreams). At
higher levels of power (© ®¢® Mind), the runesinger may
alter, erase or deal with memories or mental conditionings
that negatively influences the subject's conscious actions.
Valdaermen: Forlog e@ee (physical healing), or Fara
eee, Galdrar © (for mental healing).

S\W/@®RDBREAKER RUNE
[ ee FORCES, OR e@ FORCES AND eee [TIATTER]
A third I know: if sore need should come
of a spell to stay my foes;
when I sing that song, which shall blunt their swords,
nor their weapons nor staves can wound.

With this rune, the user may render an opponent's
weapons useless or even disarm him all together.

System: The character sings the runes of Uruz (for defense)
and Kenaz (to attune to the forged weapons), calling upon its

rad power to defend him from harm. The most basic form of this rune
; 4 | ‘ | song creates a field around the character, deflecting the kinetic
. iy be "energy of attacking weapons. More powerful runesingers may add
hi "1 "9 the Thurisazrune to the song, causing an opponent's weapons to
eiuyht y

a 98 Dea Mack I
‘4 a, ‘ A .
Gye stash a | finden Pe hd ite (et
= Ld wit ‘ ; y }*
aL Me ee tg ee Wah | ee yd. Sat

; Pa

=, a — fe\s 2"

p ma eng E'

j\q: ayes

ca

oe —_—

transform to much more brittle materials which then shatter at
the sound of the caster's voice. Both uses of this rune are vulgar.

Valdaermen: Hijaldar eee ,

CHAINBREAKER RUNE

[ *ENTROPY,  ITIATTER, OR ee ENTREPY,

ee ITIATTER, OR © © ENTROPY, © ¢¢ ITIATTER ]
A fourth I know: if men make fast

in chains the joints of my limbs,

when I sing that song which shall set me free,

spring the fetters from hands and feet.

With this rune, the user may free himself from any
physical forms of bondage.

System: The character sings the runes of Perthro (for luck) and
Naudhiz (for problem solving). For a beginning runesinger, this
enables him to locate weaknesses within his bonds and more easily
free himself (roll Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 7, and add the
number of successes to the character's roll to escape his bonds). As
the character progresses in mystical skill, he will be able to unlock
and ultimately destroy bonds with his voice. The first level of this
rote is coincidental. The second level is vulgar unless the character
isable to successfully bluff witnesses into believing he has performed
a mundane act of escape artistry. The final level is always vulgar.

Valdaermen: Fara ¢@ @ (toslip from physical bonds), Fara
@e¢@ (to unlock bonds), or Hjaldar ¢¢¢@ (to destroy bonds).

SPEARCATCHER RUNE

[e C@RRESP@NDENCE, eee TIME,
@PTIONAL ¢ © e FORCES]

A fifth I know: when I see, by foes shot,
speeding a shaft through the host,

flies it never so strongly I still can stay it,

if 1 get but a glimpse of its flight.

With this rune, the user may catch arrows, knives, spears
and even bullets.

System: The charactersings the runes of Kenaz(forcraftwork
to attune to the weapons and for applied energy) and Eihwas (for
protection). Time seems to slow as the runesinger becomes
acutely aware of the position of each projectile coming towards
him. For each success on his Arete roll, the character is able to
safely pluck one projectile from the air around him. In order to
safely pluck bullets from the air, the character must employ
Forces magic to dissipate the heat generated by the bullets'
kinetic energy, or else use gloves capable of resisting such heat.

Valdaermen: Fara ** ©, Hjaldar ¢.

C@UNTERSPELL RUNE [SPECIAL]

A sixth I know: when some thane would harm me
in Tunes on a moist tree's root,

on his head alone shall light the ills

of the curse that he called upon mine.

With this rune, the user may reflect harmful magical
effects back against their caster.

VEL
he
2 ae en

the le

payed ne
Spain \ a "|

Pas a ft rs ‘

oA ae

yo = ome

i Go

System: The character sings the runes of Raidho (for
justice) and Othalo (for protection) to serve as a means of
performing Countermagic (see page 154 of Mage).

Valdaermen: Galdrar @@e@,

FIRE RUNE

[ poo FORCES OR eooee [TATTER]
A seventh I know: if I see a hall

high o'er the bench-mates blazing,

flame it ne'er so fiercely I still can save it,

I know how to sing that song.

With this rune, the user may douse fires which threaten
homes and other buildings.

System: The character sings the runes of Isa (for cold)
and Othala (for home), and is able to suck the energy out of
any fire that threatens a house, building or other dwelling. At
more powerful levels, the character may temporarily render
the materials of the dwelling unable to burn at all. Both uses
of this rune song are vulgar.

Valdaermen: Forlog ©@®

PEACE RUNE
[ee OR eeee [TIIND, OR eeeee ENTROPY |
An eighth I know: which all can sing
for their weal if they learn it well;
where hate shall wax ‘mid the warrior sons,
I can calm it soon with that song.
With this rune, the user may calm hearts and minds,
allowing cooler heads to prevail in delicate and critical situations.
System: The character sings the runes of Wunjo (for harmony
and friendship) and Tiwaz (for order and good judgment). At basic
levels, this rune song projects a sense of calm and peacefulness to
those who hear it. More powerful runesingers may outright force
listeners to cease conflicts, oreven temporarily eliminate the entire
concept of conflict from the minds of listeners.
Valdaermen: Forlog @® (calming), optional Hjaldar ¢¢
(to also eliminate conflict from minds).

ST@RITI RUNE [eee ENTR@PY, © © © FORCES]
A ninth I know: when need befalls me

to save my vessel afloat,

I hush the wind on the stormy wave,

and soothe all the sea to rest.

With this rune, the user may calm the storms and waves
which threaten any nautical vessel.

System: The character sings the runes of Isa (for control)

yy
Fr A

dg
ATS A aw 4
or ~~ _

4
> =
a <<
We

fn |

meebo toed

nee 1 ZEAE ‘

rE ve att

WARD RUNE ; ee
[ ee C@RRESPONDENCE, ee ITIIND,
@PTIONAL © SPIRIT]
A tenth I know: when at night the witches
ride and sport in the air,
such spells I weave that they wander home
out of skins and wits bewildered.
With this rune, the user may prevent those who seek to
harm him from finding their way to his location.

System: The character sings the runes of Hagalaz (for
chaos) and Othala (for protection and home). A barrier is created
around the character's location (foreachsuccesson the character's
Arete roll, extend the radius of the ward by 10 feet) that confuses
and disorients anyone who comes across it. Victims quickly lose
their sense of direction, becoming lost for the remainder of the
scene. With the addition of Spirit magic, this barrier becomes
effective against ghosts and other spirits as well.

Valdaermen: Fara ®*, optional Galdrar @ © @ (against spirits).

BATTLE RUNE

[ e © « CORRESPONDENCE, #¢ ee LIFE, eee ITIIND]
An eleventh I know: if haply I lead

my old comrades out to war,

I sing ‘neath the shields, and they fare forth mightily

. eee
- ral fe

iA

safe into battle, .
safe out of battle, i
and safe return from the strife. hy ke 16

With this rune, the user may turn a number of his {| 2
comrades into a powerful fighting force. ' 5; }

System: The character sings the runes of Ehwas (for ( "z
teamwork) and Laguz (for vitality and virtue). For each success : >A ha
on his Arete roll, the runesinger may enchant one person other |
than himself for an entire scene. The magic of the rune songis |

spread throughout the group, bringing each member to the
peak of physical health. All Bashing Damage is healed at the
end ofeach turn, andall wound penalties for Lethal Damage are
halved for the entire scene. In addition, all members of the
group are inspired by the runesinger's confidence, becoming
highly motivated and in turn, feed off of each other's confi-
dence. Everyone affected by the rote has their temporary
Willpower fully replenished until the end of the scene, at
which time they return to one lower than their previous level.

Valdaermen: Forlog eeee, Hijaldar eee.

GH@sT RUNE
[e ENTROPY, ee SPIRIT, @PTIONAL

and Ingwaz (for stability and rest), and for the remainder of ee CORRESPONDENCE AND/@R ee | ITE ] ‘s
the scene, the excess kinetic energy is removed from the air 4 ewelfth I know: if I see in a tree 7
and water, and changes in the local weather patterns are acne Ficiaa hale haves (c
temporarily eliminated. Each success on the character's Arete ms Nef aoeiaa' aad ta a has
roll extends the radius of the effect by 50 feet. SUCH Spe NOIRE |: ND DUNNE te Tees, =
Valdaermen: Fara ®®, Forlog © that the being descends and speaks.
IN THe BALows OF THE WORLD Ast: THENERSE 99 fy
i ']
Nad ; i a! a Skea it b 4 he hy
*e ity fat yore asst Ate sil " ' oy ") "i Fj sir Nol
ue en) "$ Pier og ar "° i ae i ee =| 14 b pia | "yy wll

- fom

omg

— Sia
* ‘

Gees
at? eatin" =a

Te"

; SEM e tlh

4
b

a‘atéc7

With this rune, the user may summon forth the spirit of
a vdlva (a women gifted in the arts of prophecy) and question
her about the threads of wyrd. This way, the summoner can
gain knowledge of the past, present or future.

>
@«

System: This works just as the Call Spirit effect on page
187 of Mage, with a few minor differences. The character
must paint the runes of Perthro (for divination), Eihwas (for
enlightenment and bridging the worlds of life and death) and
Elhaz (for calling upon spirits) upon the corpse, the skull or
the grave marker of the spirit he wishes to call upon and then
sings the same set of runes. By focusing on the forces of wyrd
(using Entropy), the caster summons forth a female ghost
capable of reading the threads of fate. For players familiar with
Wraith: the Oblivion, this means summoning a ghost skilled
in the art of Fatalism. Otherwise, the ghost serves as a vehicle
for the caster's own Correspondence and/or Time magic. The
use of Time enables the character to view the past and futures,

hs:

\

ry 2)

J
7 ex

a

ee ~ as the Divination effect on page 192 of Mage. Correspon-
7, ame] dence enables the character to view events in the present, as
+s +. : the Correspondence Sensing effect on page 159 of Mage.

Valdaermen: Galdrar ® © (scyring in the present) or © ¢
(scrying into past or future).

BAPTISITI RUNE[e eee ENTROPY |

lS

Lax 3 A thirteenth | know: if the new-born son
+ 1 ° * ‘
As of a warrior I sprinkle with water,
. be ‘ +
a. — that youth will not fail when he fares to war,

al

my, ~?

|}

oe ned B

mimi

(-_— "
=

never slain show he bow before sword.

With this rune, the user may bless a new-born child,
ensuring that he will never die as a result of combat.

System: The character sings the runes of Berkano (for birth
rites), Perthro (for luck), Othala (for protection), and Sowilo (for
guidance and salvation) while tracing these same runes on the
baby's forehead with pure water. By gently manipulating the
child's wyrd, it ensures that he will never in his life fall in battle
(or is at least unlikely to do so). However, this blessing does
nothing to protect the child from illness, poisoning, drowning or
any other form of death, nor does it guarantee any success in war.

Valdaermen: Forlog eee, Hjaldar ¢.

L@RE RUNE

[ e CORRESPONDENCE, © LIFE, © ITIATTER,
e ITIIND, ¢ PRIME, © SPIRIT]

A fourteenth | know: if I needs must number

the Powers to the people of men,

I know all the nature of gods and of elves

which none can know untaught,

With this rune, the user may identify any non-human
supernatural being within his sight.

System: The character sings the runes of Eihwas (for enlight-
enment) and Mannax (for understanding the differences between
the mundane and the supernatural). With a single success, the
character is able to see all spirits within his line of sight, as well as

a 1, - 100. , Dead Mac U
wy we 14° 7), i A . i |
iin Sh cp ni eet rg ae ie q Beiks 1)! San ae I He fae i
Tl ee caer et ee i Mea ee $ Tiere ‘* Be | ofa dt .s4
meh i. | 1 yt te "tw a f ‘fae: th 7 mt e tap pe

.
-——_

ey

recognize any non-human supematural being. This includes the
undead, werebeasts, changelings, and demons. With two successes,
the character is able to differentiate between broad types (telling
the difference between drones and abstracts, or between a vampire
and a werewolf, for example). With three successes, he is able to
differentiate between categories within each types (different breeds
of changeling or bloodlines of vampires). With four successes, the
character has a basic understanding of each supernatural creature's
general powers (which Charms a spirit might possess, or a type of
changeling's ability to transform into an animal). With five suc-
cesses, the character understands what each creature is capable of
(a vampire's power to work black magic and craft illusions).

For players familiar with White Wolf's other World of Dark-
ness game lines, this does not grant the character any knowledge

System: The character sings the runes of Fehu (for social
advancement) and Isa (forcontrol), and with the power of his voice
seizes control over the conscious mind of another individual.
Further singing will allow the character to manipulate the target's
memories, in effect brainwashing her. This works just as the
Possession and Manipulate Memories effects on page 178 of Mage.

Valdaermen: Fara ¢¢¢® (to control actions), optional
Galdrar ¢ © ¢ © (to read deep thoughts).

CHARITI RUNE[ e « ITIIND]
A seventeenth I know: so that e'en the shy maiden
is slow to shun my love.
With this rune, the user may surround himself with an
aura of charm and friendliness.

of those game lines' character types or their ways. The mage will System: The character sings the runes of Ansuz (for social :

understand related bloodlines rather than such things as Clans or interaction) and Wunjo (for harmony). For the remainder of ™

Tribes, and only a general understanding of whatapowerisableto the scene, he radiates feelings of trust, friendliness and charm. Sx

accomplish rather than specific Disciplines or Arts. While under the effect of this rune song, the character gains a
Valdaermen: Galdrar ¢ (identify a supernatural being) number of additional dice equal to his Arete rating in all Social

or ¢@ (know the nature of a power used). rolls that are non-confrontational in nature (including fast-

CHITTINAGE RUNE talking, seduction, fitting in and performing for a crowd).

[ 000 OR cece PRIME ee SPIRIT] Valdaermen: Forlog ¢¢.

A fifteenth I know, which Folk-stirrer sang, SECRET RUNE [ eeccce ENTREPY |

the dwarf, at the gates of Dawn; An eighteenth I know: which I ne'er shall tell

he sang strength to the gods, and skill to the elves, to maiden or wife of man 7

and wisdom to Odin who utters. save alone to my sister, or haply to her i
With this rune, the user may offer power to spirits in who folds me fast in her arms; i be ro)

exchange for information and other items of barter. most safe are secrets known to but one — ' -5'o)
System: The character sings the runes of Elhaz(to com- the songs are sung to an end. t | st

municate with spirits), Mannaz (toforgea link between himself With this rune, the user may ensure that informationhe | 7 mi

and the spirit) and Ansuz (for power and inspiration). The rote .

transfers Quintessence from the runesinger's Quintessence
pool (or if the need is great enough, from his own Pattern) into

shares with someone he trusts will be kept secret.
System: The character must be alone with asecond individual
whom he trusts implicitly, either a family member, a blood-brother

the spirit's Power reserves. Each point of Quintessence is or 4 lover. The character speaks the information to be kept secret, La a}
transformed intoanumber of Power points equal tothenumber 44 as the secret keeper swears to keep the character's trust, the ; ; C
of successes on the character's magic roll. More powerful rune- Character sings the runes of Ehwas (for loyalty), Gebo (for union), cr te
singers are able to add the rune of Ingwaz (for the power ofthe — porhrs (for calling upon the wyrd) and Tiwaz (for oathmaking). If ot d Ls
earth) to the song, drawing Quintessence directly from the thesecret keeper should ever break the oath and tell anyone else the ‘ig
earth itself rather than from his own reserves. secret, she will develop a single Flaw, the magnitude of which is ty
This rote only enables the mage to offer Chiminage to decided by the number of successes the caster gains while perform- My

the spirit. Negotiating the deal depends entirely upon the _ ing the rune song. Each two successes raises the Flaw level by one. ; os

character's natura! abilities.

Valdaermen: Galdrar ee¢e (channel own Quintes-
sence to another) or e@¢¢e (channel! from elsewhere).

ITIIND RUNE[ eee ITTIND]

A sixteenth I know: when all sweetness and love

Suitable Flaws include (but are not limited to) the following.
Level One: Nightmares, Speech Impediment, Echoes.
Level Two: Amnesia, Deranged, Phobia, Echoes.
Level Three: Degeneration, Permanent Wound, Echoes.
Level Four: Deaf, Mute, Echoes.

Level Five: Mayfly Curse, Dark Fate, Echoes.

1 would win from some artful wench,
her heart I turn, and the whole mind change Level Six and Above: Degeneration, Paraplegic, Mayfly
of that fair-armed lady I love. Curse.

With this rune, the user may take control of another
person's mind and manipulate it toward his own ends.

Valdaermen: Forlog ¢ee¢¢ (curse the oathbreaker),
Galdrar @¢¢ (bind the secret).

IN bi SHADOWS + THE Waele ASH; ys Norse 101,
"- oy
tem | W Vy vrs ua vr pit! f wr vei 1 ah vy AL "Msi i Babi mT tye! af
| wo ipa? i .  Val= "' ae aA ir sy Ee i r sey b es Hf I
van TP, nya Aen! \ es tel | by: Hem: "bt | | ‘hee ee th 4 I oe Jl

sah

iN

mont
‘"z

_—— «@. Seana

a Dead Ties II
ened i' arden. recat diet is . ees Mae van | ! raced vr Natt
z ' " ! rik a ‘he le . "vee w '

SE oe

cehetlle

"/*#\h at

awl"

Feet

or

SPA-K@NA R@TES

The magic of the spd-kona is born from the woman's role as
wife and mother. Her magic draws power from the arts of
spinning and weaving, which resonate with the Norns and the
threads of fate, as well as healing and personal intuition. They are
the traditional mystical arts of the wise woman. Only women
may learn these rotes, and they are traditionally passed down
from mother to daughter (although elder sisters, aunts, grand-
mothers and godmothers all make suitable mentors if necessary).

LAYING @N @F HANDS
[° ENTREPY, © LIFE, ee Time]

Before a battle, a Norse woman would touch her son all
over his body, and through her understanding of grldg would
know in advance which wounds he would receive. Although
used primarily upon one's blood relatives, it will also work on
others. This advance knowledge makes it possible to prepare
necessary healing materials (ancient or modern) in advance.

System: The user must touch the subject over the
majority of his body while concentrating upon her natural
understanding of orlég. Entropy and Life enable her to sense
where the threads of fate touch the person's body, while Time
gives a clearer picture of future events which center upon
those threads. The greater the number of successes, the
greater the details she knows about the future injuries.

While this rote can be used to try and prevent foretold
wounds from occurring (through the use of armor, protective
magics orothermeans), one should be wary when attempting such
tactics. Not even the gods can escape their fated deaths, and the
Norns will sometimes frown on those who dare try (i.e., Paradox).

Valdaermen: Galdrar ¢, Hjaldar ¢.

GORNINGSTAKKR

[°° ENTROPY, ¢° LIFE, e¢ ITIATTER,

ee PRIME, OR eeeee [TATTER, © PRIME,
OR eee LIFE, ee ITIATTER, © PRIME]

One of the most famous creations of the spd-kona's art is the
gorningstakkr, or wound-proof shirt. By working her magic through
herspindle and loom, the spé-kona weaves spells of protection into
the very fabric of a shirt meant for her brother, husband or son.

System: Creating the garingstakkr is always an extended
ritual. The spd-kona must speak spells of healing and protec-
tion while spinning the thread and weaving the cloth to be
used in the shirt. The shirt is then embroidered with runes of
healing and protection (Wunjo, Sowilo and Othala are the
most common, as well as Kenaz to represent the craftwork
involved). The most basic version of the wound-proof shirt
weaves Entropy magic into the shirt to bring luck, and Life
magic to heal wounds that are received (the nature of these
shirts allow self-healing magic to be applied to the wearer
rather than the user, similarly to the way modern Technoc-
racy medical patches can be used even by those not trained in
the arts of Enlightened Medicine). The amount of damage

~~ ate tae

ee BE

>
ll ee ee

=. ~

the shirt can heal is dependant upon the number of successes
the spd-kona garners while weaving the shirt.

More skilled spd-kona are able to weave shirts that are
literally proof against the effects of blades, spears and arrows.
Such shirts count as Class 4 Armor (providing four additional
soak dice), but do not hinder mobility. In addition, the shirt
converts lethal attacks from stabbing or cutting weapons into
bashing damage, as the blades are unable to penetrate the cloth.

The art of weaving may also be used to harm as well as
heal. If the spd-kona speaks spells of death and vengeance
while spinning and weaving, and soaks the threads in poison,
she may create a cursed shirt that will kill the wearer. The
shirt is embroidered with baleful and destructive runes
(Thurisaz, Hagalaz, and Isa, as well as Tiwaz if the vengeance
is just). The wearer of the shirt is affected as if subject to the
Rip the Man-Body effect (page 171 of Mage).

Valdaermen: Hjaldar ¢¢¢ (for an armored shirt), or
Hjaldar ¢¢¢, Galdrar ¢ (for a cursed shirt).

\W/YRD VISIONS
[ e« C@RRESPONDANCE, ¢ ENTROPY, e© TIE]

Atthe heart of the spd-kona's craft is the art of knowing. The
spd-kona is intrinsically tuned to the threads of fate and can
understand the wyrd of many things if needed. By attuning
herself to the ways of wyrd, a spd-kona may divine understanding
of the past, present or future simply through personal intuition.

System: The mage must meditate upon the flow of wyrd.
Most spd-kona do this while spinning thread. In addition to
the sympathetic link between their thread and the threads of
fate, the spinning of a multi-faceted spindle whorl creates a
strobe of flashing light that aids in meditation (effectively a
form of self-hypnosis). By doing this, the mage is able to gain
knowledge of people, places or events in the past or present
that will influence present and future events. Entropy magic
is used to find those things on which destiny hinges. Corre-
spondence magic is used to skry the present. Time magic is
used to divine the past and hint at possible futures.

Valdaermen: Forlog *, Galdrar ©.

SEI R R@TES

The arts of sei r are entirely shamanic in nature. The sei r
worker calls upon the powers of spirits and ghosts to divine
prophecy, cloud the minds of men, and revenge herself upon her
enemies. Sei r working is considered a woman's art. Many spé-
kona are also skilled at sei r (although not all sei r workers will be
spa-kona). Men who wish to learn such magics (including the rotes
below) must seek out a sei r worker and learn from her. However,
by doing so, the man is seen as having taken on womanly
attributes. Although modern mages are unlikely to care, this may
influence a character's social interactions in any chronicle set
during the medieval period. For more on the subject of shamanism
and gender transgression, see Tradition Book: Dreamspeakers

Although medieval-era sei r workers were Norse, they are
not considered Valdaermen in Dark Ages: Mage; they are


— om =

i

= BY Bote

Aa

1 a

vm SS

Spirit-Talkers. Methods for casting these rotes using Spirit-
Talker Pillars are listed below, for players of Dark Ages: Mage.

SUMMON VO@LVA
[ e ENTROPY, © SPIRIT, OPTIONAL
e © CORRESPONDENCE AND/@R ee TIME |

One of the most basic practices of the sei r worker is to
summon and question the spirits of the dead. She will sum-
mon the ghost of a woman (usually a spd-kona) gifted in the
arts of prophecy and question her about the workings of wyrd.

System: This rote works identically to the Ghost Rune
rote above. However, instead of singing runes, the sei r
worker sits on her hen-feather cushion and rhythmically taps
her staff while chanting the var lokur. Often, the mage will
be assisted by one or more unAwakened female assistants who
chant the var lokur with her.

Spirit-Talkers: Wise One @e.

G@ING UNDER THE CL®AK
[ee LIFE, eeos ITIND]

By wrapping herself in her cloak and enteringa trance, the
sei rworker is able to suspend herself between the worlds of life
and death, projecting her soul into the lands of the dead.

System: The mage places her cat-skin hood over her head
like a shroud and covers herself entirely within her blue cloak,
symbolically becoming one of the dead. She begins to chant the
gand, slowing her body's natural functions toacrawluntil hersoul
comes forth from her mouth and enters the Underworld. Tradi-
tionally, this will be performed while sitting atop a barrow or
grave, where the boundaries between life and death are thinner.
The mage astrally projects herself into the Shadowlands, where
she may move aboutas if she werea ghost. Aswith all uses of astral
projection, this ability is unaffected by the Avatar Storm.

At present, travel in the Shadowlands is a dangerous under-
taking. Storms rage among the lands of the dead, often witha force
comparable to hurricanes. These storms tend to spew forth shrap-
nel, caustic chemicals and even worse. Enter at your own risk.

Spirit-Talkers: Trickster ¢®, Wise One eee.

SI@NHVERFING ("DECEIVING @F THE SIGHT')
[ee OR eeee ITIIND, OR ee eee ENTROPY,
®R © FORCES]

One of the hallmarks of the sei rart in the sagas is the power
to cloud the minds of men. With her magic, the sei r worker is
able toengulfothers in illusion, forgetfulness, fear or even real fog.

System: The art of sjénhverfing draws upon the "evil eye."
By chanting the gand, the sei r worker weaves a spell of
illusion over all those within eyesight. At the most basic
level, the mage may strike all of those in her presence with
feelings of fear and dread. Each success from the spell adds one
automatic success to any Intimidation rolls. At more power-
ful levels of skill, she may place illusions within men's minds,
causing them to perceive people or objects as something else,
or even make people believe that she has summoned storms

IN es SHADOWS os THE ie ASH: THE N@RSE

BDO

~~. ~ :
— a

or even turned the world upside down (completely distorting
the victim's ability to tell up from down, or even to be able to
properly process the sensory information his brain takes in).
In addition, some sei r workers also know how to physically
blind men's sight by summoning thick fog and mist.

This magic is instantly dispelled if the mage is blindfolded.

Spirit-Talkers: Chieftain ¢¢ @ (strike fear in others), or
Chieftain ¢¢ © and Trickster ¢ (to force others to believe
illusions), or Trickster ¢@ ©, Wise One @ © (tosummon mist).

HULI SHIALITIR ("HELMET @F HIDING")
[© OR eee PRIME, WITH @ © FORCES,
®R ee ee [TIIND, OR eeeee ENTROPY, |

In addition to the powers of illusion, the sei r worker also
knows the arts of invisibility. Although it is easiest for the
mage to make herself invisible (by pulling her cat-skin hood
over her head), she may also use several methods to render
another person invisible as well.

System: To maker herself invisible, thesei rworker uses her
own ritual cat-skin hood, enchanted with the powers of her
magic. The magic takes effect instantly as the hood is pulled
down. At basic levels, the sei rworker bends light around herself
(and can only see in the IR and UV spectrums). As her power
grows, she becomes able to force others to ignore her presence or
be unable to even recognize the very concept of her presence.

The mage can make others invisible as well, either by
placing her hands on the person's head and chanting, or
through the application of herbal powders.

Spirit-Talkers: Trickster ¢@© (personal invisibility) or
@ eee (to make others invisible).

GAND-RE! ("CHANT RIDING') [eee [TIIND]

With the power of the gand chant, thesei r worker is able
to project her soul out into the world, entering the dreams of
sleeping men, possessing the bodies of animals or even taking
the form of a bodiless shade. With the power of the gand-rei ,
she is able to spy upon others, torment enemies with night
terrors or even cause animals to attack.

System: The mage sits upon her hen-feather cushion,
wrapped in her blue cloak while chanting the gand. Her soul
then exits her body, traveling out towards her intended target.
Asanastral spirit, the sei r worker may enter the minds of those
who are asleep, orshe may possess the body of an animal. In the
sagas, sei r workers are shown taking the forms of cats, wolves,
ravens, horses, walrus and other animals.

Spirit-Talkers: Chieftain ¢ ¢, Trickster e #, Wise One #e®.

\W/ FATHER \X/ @RKING [ ee ee FORCES]

By calling upon the spirits of storm and sea, the sei r
worker can unleash and disperse powerful storm winds, sum-
mon or banish blizzards, and enrage or calm the ocean waves.

System: The mage sits atop her sei -hjallr, and chants
the var lokur to summon the powers of the Vanir. With the
blessings of the ancient gods of earth, sea and sky, she is able

103

(am | m —

at bs AW as

~¢

‘(i

LO

vets
:
BAL

yy a

(

/
\
-

Ka

ei
= (?—-
'
s
a 1

a! a
ro
j10— >

aes,

=——

4

a+
-+
7

‘
s

a
—
- =
-

~—e Pt

HY ' 1 appa i" A i", ' ‘i ‘i ra
ee us HN " A Yrs rs ‘Mi Tae rigs 4 Sey, ee, Me te ty
1 ety Fat is Kh. r Aner i= Lt a eee Ua ae :

pine ie : ia

" tg vr sys faniiien ac Aabt an! th

a he ae
i '

i
‘ an | i

‘a wa) :

-_

TL ON et sii:
CLD). ENE

to alter the weather in a manner of her choosing. This rote
works as the Storm Watch effect on page 167 of Mage.
Spirit-Talkers: Chieftain eeeee,

@THER ITIAGICS

Finally, there are a handful of magics which do not fit
among the previous mystical styles.

\W/ EARING THE BEAR SHIRT
[eee LIFE © ITIIND, eee SPIRIT]

Perhaps the most famous signature magic of the Norse,
the wearing of the bear shirt (also known as berserking)
enables the user to become a terror of the battle field. By
channeling the spirit of the bear, the warrior is able to call
upon the creature's strength and stamina, as well as its
ferocity. Such magic may be among the most universal, as
variations of the berserker warrior are found in the cultures of
India, Africa and North America as well as among the
ancient Germanic and Celtic peoples.

System: To perform the ritual, the user must have a shirt
made of bear skin, preferably from a bear he has hunted and
killed himself. Offerings must be made to appease the bear's
spirit so that it will agree to lend the berserker its power. By
drawing upon the natural connection between the bear-shirt
and the bear's spirit, the mage is able to channel the spirit into
himself. The bear's power then serves to increase the mage's
physical strength and endurance, as wellas help steel his mind
against the pain of wounds, injury and exhaustion.

—

i aed

Ly | ee eS Se

aT ix Le Ng i,

| pte omy Pe! A y
¢; ~— %

Tt eee

— =

For each success on the character's magic roll, he may add
one dot to his Strength or Stamina attributes, or ignore one
level worth of wound penalties for the remainder of the scene.
The character may raise his Attributes to Legendary level, but
doing so gives him one level of Permanent Paradox for each dot
above 5 for the remainder of the scene. If the character botches
his roll, the character does not gain any of the bear's power but
instead enters a berserk frenzy for the scene. While in the
frenzy, he will attack anyone, friend or foe, within sight.

Valdaermen: A different version of this effect is given in
Dark Ages: Mage under the description of Hjaldar ¢¢ ¢ ¢ and
eeeee. (Dark Medieval era mages need not worry about

Paradox, although Backlash is a risk.)
ARTS @F W/EYLAND: CRAFTING \X/ @NDERS

The magic of smithcraft is largely the art of crafting
charms and talismans. Rules for creating such objects can be
found in the Mage Storytellers Companion.

For Norse smithcrafters, these items must be forged (or
sewn, in the case of spd-kona weaving magic) using the mage's
Crafts skill. Through the use of Matter and Prime magic, the
character shapes the item while infusing it with mystical power.
In order to enchant the item, the crafter must carve (or embroi-
der) the appropriate runes into the object. A drinking horn that
neutralizes poison, for example, may have the runes of Gebo (for
hospitality), Laguz (for vitality) and Othala (for protection).

In addition, all mystical crafts should include the rune of
Kenaz, symbolizing the art of the smith and the applied
magical energy that has gone into making the item.

W/ISE \X/ GITIEN AND LEARNED ITIEN:
CHARACTERS

Although much of the culture that spawned it
is long gone, Norse magic continues to exist,
and there are those who still practice the old
@ ways. The following information is provided
for those who wish to create such characters.

AVATARS

There are a wide variety of spirits, gods and

gg other creatures for a Norse mage's Avatar to
take.

© Animals: Many of the Norse gods had animals that were

; Tay sacred tothem. The boar wassacred to Freyr, and the Nidavellim
at fr ' gifted him with a golden boar named Gullinbursti ("golden
4 ~ bristles"), which could outrun any horse. Both cats and falcons
? Hye . were sacred to the goddess Freyja, and both frequently appear
| ~ {as Avatars to sei r workers. Thor had a pair of goats. Odin kept
"ibid" a pair of wolves (Freki and Geri) as his hunting hounds, as well
‘ i " 1 . _ asapairof ravens, Hugin and Munin (Thought and Memory),
' \; 4 *. who served as his spies. Any of the four creatures, or more
> ¢ batty | ;
feivyee
Ix
) 104 Dead Mast
P ‘, : ‘ } 7 . ®
ih otra M4 rhuedeng PANU fate ts Me 9
1 ! aN. " me | Ne

mundane wolves and ravens, might serve as an Avatar toa rune
mage. Other possibilities include deer (representing the four
deer who dwell among the branches of Yggdrasill), squirrels
(including Ratatosk himself) and bears.

© Spirits: Several of the spirits found in Norse myth
might serve as a character's Avatar. One of the Nidavellim
would be a suitable Avatar for a smithcrafter. Other possibili-
ties include one of the Alfar, the Valkyries (especially common
among Nordic Euthanatoi), and house spirits (most suitable
for spd-kona). The spirits of the dead may also serve as
Avatars. A spd-kona might have the spirit of her grandmother
as her Avatar, while a smith mage might have the ghost of a
long dead practitioner of his craft.

¢ Gods: Any one of the Norse gods might act as a
character's (powerful) Avatar. Odin is especially suitable for
rune mages, while Frigg and Freyja might be the Avatar for
spd-kona and sei r workers, respectively. Weyland, Loki,
Thor, Tyr or any other god that fits the character's concept
and personality might also be suitable.

n Pa <% sty
Hieave me vrs EE ee |
4 rot cay gta * hee ie waht rae ‘att Hei

Rath

DHE a A

~~

AVATARS ©F THE DATTINED

The Norse traditions provide their fair share of
Nephandic willworkers as well. Curiously enough, Norse
Nephandi only possess four different Avatars, with all

mbers of each Essence sharing the same Avatar. Those
with Destructive Essences have as their Avatar Surt, the
lord of the fire giants who will one day engulfall of creation
in fire. Nephandi with Frozen Essences are guided by
Nidhogg, the ebon serpent who gnaws upon the*roots of
gedrassil in the hopes of ending all that which exists.
Chaotic Nephandi gain wisdom from the whispered words
of Loki Fire-Hair, the chaos-bringer. And those who suffer |
with Tormented Essences find their Avatar to be
Jormungandr, the World Serpent, whose poison fangs bite
to his own tail, trapping him in an endless cycle of pain.

SEEKINGS

Like all mages, those who follow the ways of the Norse must
undergo Seekings in order to increase their understanding of
magic. For vitki (rune wizards), the preferred method is to imitate
Odin's vigil upon the World Ash. The mage will seek out a
suitably isolated clearing with an ash tree. There, he will ritually
wound himself with a spear, dedicating himself as a sacrifice to
the All-High, and then hang himself from the branches of the
tree for nine days and nine nights. Most mages hang themselves
by the neck, but othersare known to hang themselves by the feet,
symbolically becoming the Hanged Man from the Major Arcana
of the Tarot. By hanging from the tree, the mage symbolically
suspends himself between life and death. Sei r workers undergo
shamanic rituals as part of their seekings. This includes going
under the cloak and becoming as one dead. While in this
shamanistic trance, the sei r worker's soul goes to the place
between life and death, just as the vitki does during his seeking.

In contrast, spd-kona and smithcrafters lose themselves
within their work. The spd-kona meditates while spinning,
slowly losing herself in the strobe effect of the faceted spindle
whorl. Her mind travels into the threads, and through them,
into the threads of fate. The smith-mage loses himself in his
craftwork. His pounding of the hammer or movement of tools
becomes a repetitive rhythm as he meditates upon his craft,
gaining wisdom in the act of creation itself.

CHARACTER GUIDELINES

The following is provided to give players a better under-
standing of the skills and other traits a mage who follows one
of the Nordic magical styles might possess.

THE PRACTICAL VITKAR (RUNEITIAGE)

The vitkar (plural vitki) isa wizard who has learned and studied
the secretsof the runesand theirsongs. Such wizards are always male
(women learn and use the runes in an entirely different fashion).

® Abilities: The cornerstone of the vitkar's art is the
Performance skill, with a specialty in singing. A vitkar who

cannot sing the runes is not much of avitkar at all. The Craft skill
is also necessary for successfully writing and carving the runes
onto materials such as wood and stone. Additional skills such as
Academics (Norse history and culture), Cosmology (Ygedrasill),
and Occult (Runes) are not necessary to actually cast magic, but
will be vital in actually understanding the culture from which the
mage draws his paradigm and mystical knowledge. Also, one
who follows the path of Odin is expected to be clever. Dullards
have no business learning the runes. Skills such as Enigmas,
Expression (poetry) and Subterfuge will be useful.

¢ Backgrounds: Arcane is a suitable background for one
who follows in the path of a god of secrets and trickery. Vitkar
are frequently marked by wyrd, and backgrounds such as
Destiny and Blessing (from the Norse gods) are perfectly
appropriate. A minor rating in the Legend background,
representing the story of Odin and his vigil upon Ygedrasill,
might also be fitting. Familiars are likely to be in the form of
ravens or wolves (or perhaps even horses), although squirrels
are also appropriate. Backgrounds such as Allies or Cult,
representing followers of one of the modern variations on
Norse beliefs, may also be suitable. A vitkar is highly unlikely
to have the Library background, as the Norse did not write
anything down until after the Christian conversions.

© Magic: The base of vitkar magic is the galdr rotes (see
above). While no Sphere is more vital than the other for the
vitkar's craft, Entropy (to grasp and manipulate the threads of
wyrd), Forces (to command the thunder and snow), Mind (to
manipulate others) and Spirit (to summon and command the
spirits of the dead) are often favorites for those who wish to
emulate the power of the All-High. In addition, the vitkar
may also decide to seek out the arts of sei r.

THE PRACTICAL SPA -K@NA

The spd-kona, or wise wife, draws power from the woman's
role as wife and mother. Her magic is that of the healer,
weaver and keeper of the keys of the household.

¢ Abilities: The cornerstones of the spd-kona's art are
Crafts (spinning & weaving), Medicine and Occult (Hearth
Wisdom). The skills of Awareness and Enigmas will represent
the mage's natural intuition and her ability to puzzle out the
ways of wyrd. Meditation is also very useful for helping her to
focus her mind and her magics while using her spindle whorl.
Finally, skills such as Etiquette, Intimidation and Subterfuge
are the hallmarks of every good wife and mother.

© Backgrounds: Destiny and Dream are both common
backgrounds for spd-kona. Almost every spd-kona will havea
sanctum where she does her spinning and weaving. Allies (in
the form of family members), Blessing (from Frigg or from
house spirits), Familiars (house pets), Influence (standing in
the community) and Mentor (a mother, aunt or other older
female relative) are also common and fitting.

© Magic: Entropy, with its power to touch the threads of
fate, and Life, with its power to heal, are important Spheres
for the spd-kona art. Matter and Prime, for their uses in

a

15

*

ss
j oe ‘¢

Bi
¢

‘

)

¢

ein?

ae he

ins)
a

ry

IN - SHAD@W/S + THE W @RLD ASH: THE N@RSE 105,
_-= rd ‘
jive 1M 4, vis yal vr 4 ish y, vr vi ian "4h od! a "yh Mbt F
Ray 4 }

y 2 (5. aye wf ¥ aa a "Fi. *} "yet vet f
alt) tte py At | "Te K r" AA : cel | Pg yg TMS ae TE aL.
f. ue aya "hot tad ab ate ri tt fad ee ‘

|
bigs bh OU bape

= <aiZazant

a!
aie
Oh
‘| tl .
uch, ‘)
sieyht }

a

a 7

wie : J | I.
s ‘ ‘ ' i ‘
' "¢ = iN a |° -

oi —.

_ |

‘ '

osre
= iw~d

me

magical weaving, are also common. Spirit magic may also
prove useful for dealing with household spirits.

THE PRACTICAL SEI R \W/@RKER

Sei r working is shamanistic in nature (its similarities to
the arts practiced by Sami shaman are probably not coinciden-
tal). The sei r worker works her craft through the summoning
of spirits and her ability to bend the minds of others.

e Abilities: A cornerstone of sei r working is the Medi-
tation skill. By using it, the mage is able to send herself into
the shamanistic trances much of her magic requires. Skills
such as Awareness, Cosmology, Occult (Ghosts), Subterfuge
and Intimidation are also both useful and common. Medicine
is also used for the creation of various alchemical potions and
other substances (including poisons).

@ Backgrounds: Almost every sei r worker possesses a
sanctum where she keeps her sei -hjallr. Arcane, Destiny and
Mentor (the sei r worker's teacher) are also common. Many
also possess the Cult background, representing a number of
young women who assist the mage in several of her rituals.
Familiars frequently take the form of cats, birds and other small
animals. A few possess the Legend background, drawing strength
from the stories of witch-women found in the Norse sagas.

© Magic: Spirit and Mind magic form the backbone of
the sei r worker's art, enabling her to summon and command
spirits and ghosts, travel outside of her own body, and ma-
nipulate the minds of others. Entropy and Life magic are also
used for both blessing and cursing. Forces magic allows the
mage to command the forces of the weather.

THE PRACTICAL SMITHCRAFTER

Smithcrafting is a demanding magical form, as the prac-
titioner must be as much artist as mage. The power of his
magic is dependent upon his skill as a craftsman. His every
work must be a masterpiece, carefully forged and crafted from
the most prized of materials.

® Abilities: The Crafts skill is vital to the smithcrafter's
magic. Weapon-smithing, woodworking and metalworking
are only a few of the skills smith-mages must master. Science
and Technology, as they apply to rhe smith-mage's art, will
also be useful. Those who forge weapons should have some
skill in Melee, so as to reflect familiarity with the tools
created. Occult (Runes) is also needed to understand the
secret of the runes the smith-mage carves into his work.

® Backgrounds: A sanctum is vital to the smith-mage's
work. He must have a workshop in which to work his magic.
Resources, gained from selling mundane (or even enchanted)
works or from some other source, will also be useful to help the
mage acquire the raw materials he needs. The Node back-
ground may also prove useful, providing the mage with the
necessary Quintessence to create his Wonders. The tradition
of apprenticeship among smiths means that Mentor is a
common background as well. Legend is also possible, echoing

the stories of Weyland (or perhaps other smith gods).

a _, Meco Na II
ride I an q

i
1
ee '
L Rts REA
ar |

@ter . 4

Mer

=" => ) A wa" =v a ( 4
ene Te ies

mg

J <é8)*

7,4 =\-

‘eae —,

© Magic: Matterand Primeare the core of the Smithcrafter's
magic art. Without those Spheres, he cannot work his craft.
Forces proves useful for controlling the remperatures of the
forge. Many smith-mages also learn the secrets of Entropy in
order to control the destinies of the items they create. The
Spirit Sphere may also be useful for crafting weapons with
which to battle ghosts, as well as for the creation of Fetishes.

AIM@NG THE TRADITIONS

Just as the magic of the Norse survives, so to their modern
practitioners finda home within the various Mystical Traditions.

CE&LESTIAL CH®RUS

In the strictest sense, none of the Norse arts find a home
among the Choristers. This d§ynot to say, however, that their
influence is not felt in certait' quarters. The arts of the spd-kona
do not depend upon any §pe fic faith, instead drawing their
power from the woman'. strat itional role in ery
Because of this, a numibe ristian sp
among the Celest al

V fite Christ. This
but an insult to His
ysitin contrast to the very
hood of the Red Christ has
Hew. They view Christ's vigil
upon the Cross as similar ¢ i's vigil upon Ygegdrasill. Just
as the followers of Odin hatig themselves in imitation of the
All-High to gain mystical knowledge and insight, the members
of the Brotherhood reenact the Crucifixion to test and purify
their faith, and thereby gain a closer connection to God.

CULT @F ECSTASY

Those Ecstatics who follow the ways of the Norse tend to be
sei rworkers. The effects of the shamanic trances allow the mage
to reach beyond the material world and touch the divine realm
(Lakashim), while the chants used in sei r work act as mantras
to focus the mage's power. Male sei r workers suffer no social
stigma among the Cult of Ecstasy, as the Tradition has rarely had
any objections to gender transgression in the pursuit of mystical
insight. Vitkar are also found among the Cult, with the gallows-
tree vigil and the singing of the runes acting in a similar fashion.

The largest organized (if they could be called that) faction
of Norse-influenced Ecstatics are known as the Hagalaz. Named
after the rune that symbolized change and disruption, the
Hagalaz were once a sect devoted to the idea that society must
undergo constant upheaval in order to keep from stagnating and
dying out. They opposed the encroachment of Christianity into
Scandinavia because they believed — correctly — that with it

warlike red god, ny The

always held a sadhierie cont

fay

'y

hey fa cape

Veta!
Feedba i I

Pie le 2

¢
i

4 art epee ! mth wri lh

re
'
‘

(

‘

| &

;
"f

: \

th

f

alarmed many
modern sei r wa

sect, viewing thé

parody of the tru
tions tend to sha

come for the Hagalai

ingthesei rartstothe
Spirit Smiths blend

EUTHANATEI

Vy acollection of racist. Magic and thi
The growing number of members of
ven to the Nephandi has Personal
favia's mage population. Most _usingthe
tki within the Cult avoid the impress
tylings as nothing but a shallow — times sé
s. Norse mages from other Tradi- them into
€w, and many believe the time has Norse magic tt
ndergo another "disruption" — _ Verditus. Smithwo

One's Wyrd is ines

woven long ago by th

felts ied, te tee

2 aS ase te

UHM. So Weg ert

s thrust into thé

and enlightenment
‘of the gallows-tree

n

Did goerlla waitare.

HL ay bhi it erly 1
p scr,

destiny. With such arts, they help those who have lost their way
to find their destiny, and force those who have avoided
retribution to meet their deserved fate.

@RDER OF HERITIES
To members of the O

allows-tree vigil isa test of

dedication and will. By trials, a magus proves
himself worthy of the, With the runes, the
vitkar magus is able p reality. Outside of
independent H

fand so that they might
6m classic gold bracelets to

secrets of the runes and
incorporate them into eve g
modem rune-carved handguns.

"VERBENA
Atthe heart of the Verbena's magic lies the concept of the
World Tree. Iris the foundation of the universe and it connects
all that exists. Each Verbena is a "sacred branch" of the World
Tree, and by drawing upon her sacred connection to the World
i things, she is able to work powerft

Those who follow the mes Actices, such as sei r
working and learning rune though the gallows-tree
vigil, are found among the Twister of Fate (the roots of the
tree that is the Verbena). Modern day spd-kona act as the
hearts of their communities, offering advice and healing in
the traditional ways of the wise woman. Smithcrafters work
to keep old crafts and traditions alive. Both are found among
the Gardeners of the Tree (the Tradition's trunk), where they
also work as historians, genealogists and lore keepers, and the
Moonseekers (the branches), working as teachers, storytell-
ersand explorers. Finally, two factions among the Lifeweavers
(the seeds of future growth) employ Norse magic. Verbena
technomancers work tocombine the ancientarts of smithcraft
and weaving magic with modern tools and materials, while
members of the Circle of Hecate, a constantly changing and
evolving sect of female Verbena who seek power and influ-
ence in the realms of business and politics, employ the arts of
sei r working among their vast collection of magical edges.

if ae

os a | ty od


6

hb

in

n'y

h

fy)

h

iy

h

TN

FEE RT TR Meee TRE TR OO TRE MRE AN,

Everywhere the human soul stands between a hemi-
sphere of light and another of darkness on the confines of two
everlasting hostile empires — Necessity and Free Will.

lew en

— Thomas Carlyle, Essays

Sandra came skidding into the library and
plowed into her twin, Bruce.

"Shit, Sandra!" he yelled, and several older
RY mages glared at them for interrupting their stud-
ies. Sandra frowned back at them, clutching her
plain brown package tightly in her arms.

"Come with me, I've got to show you
B something!" she hissed in Bruce'sear. He paused
for a moment, replaced the book he'd
glancing through and followed her.

en

Ac 14, the twins were the youngest mages in the chantry.
Orphaned after their parents displeased a water spirit, Sandra
and Bruce found themselves raised by mages not ready to deal
with teens. Their guardians were of the opinion that the young
twins had brought about their own Awakening through an
encounterwith aspirit during "play" with aQuijaboard. Ushered
quickly into the Order of Hermes, the twins were put under
watch tomake sure theircuriosity and talentsdidn'tkill themall.

Sandra felt they were expected to be stodgy and boring
adults, skipping their childhood in the process. This was silly

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAITIANISITI
abhi PEN
renee ir)

HEP YE "WES HU: yvr
sAdhey ¢ peas AN,
t, ie a . cl

to her; what use was magic when you were young — or any
time, really — if you didn't enjoy it?

Sandra led her twin down the hall to the bedroom she
shared with their mentor and closed the door, locking it with
an Effect she had recently leamed (which could, of course, be
broken by anyone else they knew, but she enjoyed practicing).

"What did you get this time?" Bruce asked excitedly.
Sandra had been corresponding with a mage in England
whose address she'd stolen from a sheet of letters she'd seen on
Maria's (her mentor's) desk. She had wondered if mages
elsewhere were as boring as the ones around her, but Seamus
had been exciting and fun, encouraging her enthusiasm for
magic and promising not to tell Maria that they'd been
writing to each other. He sometimes sent her little gifts,
usually small trinkets like Saint's medals — Sandra had a
thing for martyrs — but this package was too big for a medal

Her eyes were shining as she unwrapped the box care-
fully. "In the letter he called them Ogham!" she said, and
pulled a longish brown cloth bag from the package.

wet iA
AYE


When she offered no further explanation, Bruce sighed.
"OK, I'll bite," he said. "What's an ‘Ah-ham'?" He reached
out his hand to take the bag from her, and she slapped it back.
She emptied the bag out on to the table and several long sticks
fell out. They all looked as if they had been broken off
different trees: they were all roughly the same size, and all
were still covered in varying shades of bark, brown, green,
black and white. "They're just sticks," he said dismissively.
"They're ancient Celtic divination tools, idiot. Like,
really really old," she snapped. A piece of paper had fallen out
onto the table with the sticks and she grabbed it. "And here
are the instructions!"

Bruce saw that the sticks obviously came from different
trees. Not having studied any wilderness flora or fauna, he had
no idea what the different trees were, but the sticks all looked
very old, and looked as if others had handled thema lot. While
Sandra was reading the instructions on how to use the tool, he
reached out again and snagged a tick. Its bark was light brown,
and it looked as if someone had runa pocketknife down the last
inch of one end, shaving off the bark and leaving a flat surface
of exposed wood grain. Someone had carved an odd symbol
that looked like a lowercase "t", or a cross, into the bare wood.
"So what do we do with them?" he asked. She waved him
into silence as she read to herself.

"Most of this is boring history," she complained, and Bruce
grinned. Sandra hated history, which drove their instructors crazy.
She had no desire to learn the whys of the power inside of her; she
just wanted to know the hows. "Seems this used tobe theiralphabet,
20 letters in all," she continued. "It's old, way old. People thought
originally they were created by the Druids," Sandra snorted, "but
the thinking now is that it predates them. Itmight even be from the
Picts, who erected lots of standing stones in Britain. Poets used this
system and invoked Bran, their god of inspiration."

"Bran? Like the flake?" Bruce asked, looking again at the
Ogham stick in his hand.

"T think so. Doesn't look like a typo. Anyway, looks like
we just throw them and decide what the future holds for us by
this chart," she handed him the lengthy instructions and
gathered the sticks into her hands.

Bruce perused the paper, and looked at his twin. "I
dunno, Sandra, this looks pretty complicated," he said slowly.
"Oh come on," she said impatiently, trying her best to
shuffle the sticks around in a random order without dropping
them. "What could go wrong? We don't accurately identify
our future? So what?I'mnot going tomake life decisions based
on this; it's supposed to be fun!"

Bruce remembered how much "fun" they'd had with that
Ouija board a couple of years ago, and had to silently disagree
with her. However, he had never abandoned his twin before
and was not about to now.

Sandra tossed the sticks out onto the table and they fell
into a clump, five rolling away from the group. She looked at
the slip of paper again. "OK, this funny looking one is

aCe fa
aly a

uni
Lah |

this one... and this one has rolled away and...
she muttered to herself. Bruce looked over her
shoulder at the paper, and then at the layout on the table.

Tt was so clear to him, why couldn't she get it? He could
easily see how the patterns fit together, and, with uncharac-
teristic presumption, he took the paper from her hand and
studied it. Bruce usually let his twin take the lead, and Sandra
was so surprised at his behavior she didn't protest, and instead
stared at his rapt face as he interpreted the sticks with ease.

"There," he pointed to two that had rolled away. "You will
be betrayed by one you hold dear, and lose something you just
gained. But there," he pointed to the clump of tangled sticks,
"you will gain even more in the long run. Your boldness will
lead you to trouble here," he pointed toanotherstick, "and here
is the death of... something or someone. The position of the
stick makes it unsure... I can't tell if it's someone you like or
hate. And this stick that rolled the farthest represents a
journey, and," he consulted the sheet again, "it'll be soon." He
stopped at the look on her face. "What?"

"How are you getting all of this so fast? I can't figure it
out!" Sandra said, grabbing the instructions from his hand
and studying them closely.

"You can't? It's so clear to me," Bruce admitted. "All I
need to do is learn better what the sticks mean, but their
patterns are obvious."

"M-maybe we should take these to Maria," Sandra said,
looking back at the sticks.

"You really think she should know about this?" asked
Bruce. "She won't believe us if we tell her."

The door behind them opened, Sandra's locking Effect
dissolving easily. "Figured I'd find you two in here," Mariasaid
pleasantly, entering the room. "With the ripples of your
clumsy locking Effect mucking around the chantry. You need
to learn some restraint and perhaps some skill. But | wanted
toask you," she continued, looking at the sticks on the table,
"what did Seamus send you this time, Sandra?

"Um," Sandra said, avoiding Maria's dark eyes. "Seamus?"

"Yes, the young man in the UK with whom you've been
exchanging letters. He hasa very clever way of getting in touch
with people that are in hard-to-reach places, even you. I've
been waiting for him to send you something with a little more
substance than those trinkets. Ah," she said, picking up the
instructions. "Very clever of him. That's all you two need, a
divination tool." Sandra and Bruce exchanged puzzled looks.

Maria looked up from the instruction sheet to glance at
the layout on the table. "Who threw these?"

"I-Idid, Maria. Bruce thinks he knows what it means, but
I'm not seeing it," Sandra said, glaring at her twin. "And how
did you know about—"

"And what did thesticks tell you, Bruce?" the mentor asked.

Bruce hesitated, and then repeated his interpretations of
the sticks for her. Her face was impassive as she checked the
instructions Seamus had sent.


"Are you familiar with these tools?" Bruce asked.
"Lknew of their existence," Mariasaid, pickingup one of the
sticks. "I have never used them before. Although," she looked at
the instruction sheet again, "it seems Seamus was mistaken for
the first time since I've known him. It is not your sister with the
talent this time; you're the one with the divination aptitude,
Bruce. Gather the sticks and come with me, please."

Bruce paused, but knew that one didn't disobey Maria,
even when she was deceptively pleasant. He quickly gathered
the divination tool and shot an apologetic glance to his sister
for getting her new toy confiscated so quickly.

"And as for you, Sandra," Maria said, as Bruce carefully
stuck the sticks in the bag with the paper, "your brotherseems
to have had a pretty clear telling of the future, although I'd
have to study Seamus' letter to make 100% sure. I'll talk to
you tonight about what he said. It sounds pretty serious."
With that, she left the room. Bruce trailed behind her,
mouthing an apology to his angry sister.

"Oh," Maria said, as she stuck her head back in the room.
"And you're to stop all contact with your pen pal. I know he's
more excitement than we can give you here, but excitement
canalso mean danger. He's too much trouble for you, Sandra."

Sandrasat, stunned. In one swift motion, her pen pal had
been exposed (and Maria had known all along! ), the very first
magical item she'd ever gotten had been taken away from her,
and her brother was stealing the spotlight. She fought back
angry tears. Seamus had sent the sticks to her, not her stupid
follow-behind brother.

She walked resolutely over to her closet, grabbed a
backpack, and started stuffing underwear and shirts into it,
She retrieved the secret stash of money — $400 — that was
hidden in a pair of boots she never wore. She'd leave when it
got dark, and find a way to England to learn from a real mage
who wasn't afraid of real magic.

eee

Eric lay on the pavement, blood running freely from his
nostrils. He grimaced and regretted it immediately: his nose
felt broken, and his head like it had been split open. He
looked up from his prone position to the victor of this little
skirmish, a Euthanatos mage he knew only as C.}.

None the worse for wear, C.J. stood impeccable and
impossibly tall, grinning over Eric. The tips of his shiny
wingtips were almost brushing Eric's ear. Fuck, I didn't even hit
him once, he thought miserably. CJ.'s brown leather coat
hung still around him, somber and morbid despite the wind.
Eric had a moment to wonder why the hell C.J. maintained
such a vain Effect. C.J. had already kicked Eric's ass; he
needed no parlor tricks to intimidate.

"Nice try, little dude," said CJ. in his deep, foreboding
voice. Eric wondered again why the Euthanatos worked so hard
in creating their scary image. He would bet a pint of the blood
running out of his nose that CJ.'s real voice wasn't that deep. He
wondered ifC,J.'smother would recognize himon the phone. He

ay Weg VE fait i, vr

ate ie

jh

as LS An

LEE AWH GF Vv

realized his mind was wandering, and worked hard to focus again
onC].'sominousvoice. *...what] wasgoingtodowith you,"C J.
continued. "Beating you down seemed, well, like summoning a
demon to shred a document. You can't understand the things
I've seen, the things I've studied. There is so much you can leam
if you just stop wasting your time with your piddly little tree-
hugging and actually experience what the world has to offer,
which is more than you'll ever see..." CJ. trailed off.

Eric remained prone. It was safer than trying to get up.
Moreover, he wasn'tsure ifhe could make it without blacking
out. He felt ready to agree to anything, followinga better path
in life, not wasting his time with tree-hugging, cursing his
mother's name — ifhe could just be allowed to leave in safety.

CJ. folded his body and sat smoothly down on the pave-
ment next to Eric's head. Eric flinched involuntarily. This was
bad. Eric could make it past the sound thrashing he'd received
already, but he had nothing left with which to fight. He wasn't
sure how much more he could take, and it was a very cold
realization that CJ. could finish him off with little or no effort.

"'ve wanted to try out some of the things I've been working
out of some old texts," the large mage said conversationally. "It's
very exciting to try out some new stuff, and I love getting the
opportunity!" He patted Eric's shoulder softly and said, "You don't
mind trying it out with me, do you? I'm new at this geas thing."

He appeared to think for a moment, and then added,
"Well, that's not to say | haven't tried it yet. I have tried it
several times, but the results have been painful at times.
Sometimes to me, of course, but more often to the subject. But
don't worry, I think I have it right this time..."

He grinned and placed both hands on Eric's head, cupping
his skull. Eric flinched and tried to pull away. C.J. held on
tighter and admonished, "Now, now, don't fight. This won't
hurt. At least, I don't think it will. I'm not sure, honestly...
Now whatshall wedoto yourlittle mind?" Eric whimpered and
was still. There was nothing he could do. He waited.

CJ. muttered softly to himself, but Eric was close enough
to hear. "OK, the classic ones are not to attack the caster, but
he can't hurt me anyway. There was the old ‘can't eat dog
meat' compulsion, but that's not real applicable these days,
except I don't know what the Ecstasy freaks do anymore.
There's the enforcement of polite honor codes, but he obvi-
ously doesn't give ashit about that. How about... yeah, that'll
work," he said, and the pressure on Eric's head increased.

Ericcried out involuntarily, having no idea whatC,J. was
talking about, but sure it meant his death. As C.J. concen-
trated, Eric's head began to feel light, and the world grew
fuzzy. He thought he could heara voice, a soft, friendly voice,
a suggestion that there was something he might do. It just
might be a good idea. Just a suggestion. Nothing serious. Just
a little something, that's all. Might be a good idea. Yeah. In
fact, he couldn't not do it. But it was just a little something.
Two weeks later...

Eric stood over the body of his lover, Sylvia. It felt oddly
familiar, but he couldn't remember when he'd been ina position
like this, with a helpless body at his feet. Sylvia lay bleeding from
a dozen wounds, and she looked up at him, eyes hazy with pain
and confusion. Eric watched the blood run out of her, knowing
he should help her, but unable to do anything but watch and
wonder. Who had killed her? Why had they done such a thing
tosomeone who had never hurt anyone? Why couldn't he help
her? And why was there blood all over his hands?

Sylvia looked up at him and blood tinged her lips. "Don't cry
when yourealize what you've done, Eric," she whispered, and died.

Eric dropped the kitchen knife that he didn't remember
picking up. It was smeared with gore. He didn't remember his
trip to her flat, oranything else for the past couple of days, now
that he thought about it. The last thing he remembered was
achallenge from that damnable Euthanatos.

He closed his eyes and saw his Avatar, who normally
manifested itself to him as a tree nymph, emerge from a
shadow within his mind. She looked wan and tired, as if put
through some hardship.

"What did he to do my mind?" Eric whispered. She
remained silent and stared at him sadly. Tears began to run
down his cheeks from behind closed lids as the memories
began, slowly, to return.
eee

Red shifted uncomfortably in his seat. These tiny European
cars could fit in your goddamn pocket, and here he was crammed
into one, crushing his tux. He remembered the advice from his
friend Carl: always arrive early to a party you plan on crashing.

Luckily, he wasn't crashing this one alone. Gold and
Indigo were meeting him up the road from the remote German
mansion with mocked-up invites they hoped would get them
in. He hoped this was worth the cost of the tux, the rental of the
tiny car, and the hassle of the stupid mask he'd have to wear.

He parkedon thestreeta waysup from the manor—he'd cased
out the place yesterday to make sure he could find it in the dark —
and searched in his backpack for the mask Gold had given him.

It was a thing of beauty, a finely crafted black mask in the
shape ofa bull's head, covered in coarse black hair and with homs
of what looked an awful lot to Red like ivory curving out from the
forehead. The eyeholes seemed large for him, but when Red
slipped the mask overhis head, it fithim perfectly. The item stank
of magic, but when Gold had handed over the mask Red got the
feeling that he was not supposed to ask anything about it.

He had been instructed to put the mask on and wait
outside of the car, which he had thought was damned obvious
actions for a crasher, as legit partygoers would have the valet
park their cars. But Gold hadn't steered him wrong yet in his
couple of months of spending time with her. Sheand her largely
silent partner, Indigo, were Cultists of Ecstasy Red had met
through a mutual friend. He'd had some time to travel in
Germany and Ashad had given him Gold's number. He had
ended up staying lot longer than he expected, but it had been
worth it. Gold claimed to know some serious shit from a long

112. Dean Masi Il
er OF hm

time ago, but refused to show him any of it — yet. He hoped
tonight he could lear something, or see if she was telling the
truth. He slipped the mask over his eyes, and immediately felt
intoxicated by the power emanating from it. He didn't tap into
it, preferring to wait for the party and Gold's guidance.

Cars roared by on the narrow road, and Red tried his best
to look unassuming, waiting by his tiny car with a bull's mask
on his head. He fervently hoped that no one would stop him
and ask him what he was doing, or even if he needed help.

He heard a crackle coming from the woods near his car.
He peered into the moonlit trees and heard a low woman's
voice say "Red, over here. In the woods."

With one dismayed look at his rented tux, Red stumbled into
the woods. Gold stood there, her body resplendent in a long
golden evening gown thatshimmered in the moonlight, hercurvy
body perfectly garbed. He hoped his disappointment didn't show
in his eyes, though, as he stared in horror at her face. She wore a
finely made and — yes, still quite ugly —mask ofa boar sow. Itwas
made of bristly black hair; four tusks made of the same ivory-like
material as Red's homs curved from the lips of the mask. The
eyeholes were small, and even Gold's beautiful amber eyes looked
piggy when she regarded him in the moonlight. Red wondered
what could have made her don such a mask. Why didn't she take
the gold-and-brown eagle mask? Still, she was beautiful, and he
knew what she looked like under the mask. He found himself
wishing, not for the first time, that Indigo didn't exist.

But exist he did, and stood slightly behind Gold in the
mask of a gray wolf. He said nothing but nodded towards Red.
Indigo placed his hand on Gold's shoulder, and she turned
and beckoned to Red. They began to walk, Indigo and Gold
finding no problem making their way through the dark woods
in their eveningwear. Red stumbled occasionally, unable to
see very well in the dark woods.

"Nearly there," Gold said, her voice not muffled atall by
her mask. Red remained quiet, and Indigo was his usual stoic
self. Red could now see the mansion, bright torches illuminat-
ing the edge of the wood. He could hear music, wild music,
drifting from the inner rooms. He smiled in spite of himself
and could feel the mask's magic intoxicating him.

Getting in wasno problem. Red could feel Indigo's magic
shielding them and they passed from the woods to the valet
area unnoticed, and their invitations were accepted with no
question. Inside, he could see that they fit right in; everyone
had beautiful animal masks, were dressed well, and were
already entering their own form of intoxication. He was
chatting with a woman ina feathered eagle mask — much like
the one Gold should have worn — when he felt a hand on his
shoulder. He turned; Gold stood there, and he could see the
look in her eye. With a polite apology to his new friend, he
followed Gold out of the main ballroom.

Several masked people lounged on pillows in a separate
Toom, some of them swaying to ecstatic music. He could smell
opium in the air, and the music already had several people
relaxing on the sofas and large floor pillows. Gold stood in the

il

HL!

¢ F pO ty
WGN foc! y
|

i ype |

oer tact
frect 9 Sais


BN PALE iyi USEE 1?
2500) |

aM dls,
4a! ,

aM ty a "25
Vda PAS wa]

ta Way iat ta

‘ i Ae
wich Prien Vaan ds

4
fll

"yiqar pareme
pue a pawoojam apy "wry Sunoaap Mog ypeIg ay Suraas
[TAs 9yeq sty UO Ae] pay "pazadsrya ays, aq qt daas
ixau ay "[nyured sow ayp shemye st uorezt]eagIsI4 34],
"‘Sunued asaup Ae] ay se wrry papre3a4 pur smog]a s9y UO j]9s19Y
paddoxd oya ‘pjog yo payjor af] "uayeastur uaaq aAey pjnos.ay
ing ‘wry Surya sea OFtpuy ieLp paurseun pay pur ‘ssi0y ay
{pus 2ooy axp UO payeu Suy]]o1 ‘oFtpuy yom pjo ap 99s pjnor
9} "No BurAd ‘awe ay pue ‘peay sty 03 asoy9 Ayryured Buna
dag pey 1]q aSue] e jt se wy ary yenau ayp Jo AUUE]D YL,
119q Arystur v se wiogas aq pynom ang j[ed v se 49y 01
auue> dp] "JaySno} "aBuoNs Wines pjnom ay pue wy INOAIP
Pnom ays ‘azenarur ap sem ay pue 19yoyy raI8 ayp sem ays
‘ray wioy WOgad aq P[NOm aP] Poodssapun pue 1BeuI ay I]9}
ay ‘wiseu0 paypeordde ay se pue ‘ay yam parew ay se WY
1e dn payooy aos 49e]q ay | "syseUI ay 10} 1d99x9 PayEN|
-uoneyndos payeu o1 Sutsuep paypoy woy yrys apaqns
ayp ‘suoruedwos nayp woy amseayd jo sau aya ul ‘syseu
ayp jo 218eus ays ur say ur sasumry yo] ay GuaysisUT aU 103
STUdTHDAOU adUEp ap SY "Pau ay J! UaAe yo 11 ayeI 2,UpjNos
ay SuNa9} & pey af] "uatogian sem YseUL sty Jo feAoULAL Mauy
ay ing ‘18y ssry pjnos ay paystat ayy ‘aay Suruounqun Apaa1d
-sip ‘194 Suryonoi Apysy ‘Apog sry 4940 pamoy spuey 19f]
apapad sem west stay ‘ape ays aaour Arana payprew af]

WSINVUIVHS NVad@ung *LHOMN@SL]] Ad ONIDNIS

"saat stay [je sited usaq pey Aayp Jt se y]9} 1 ‘10Jaq Jy YL
paouep saaau pey ay ySnopyy "sit a4] Suryou sea a1 ains
Sea ay ANG ‘a10J9q OBIpuy YALA DUP PjOO waes pey 2}

"PY UM paouep pue "woos dup jo a[pprus ayp 01 Jay paru.
-edwoooe 3} ‘spuey sty Yoo: pue ‘ssaup say ur Ams siseadg 94
apew aeyp sdas Aaunef jjeuss Suryer ‘pay 01 1940 pasuep pjoo
"s pismu au OU ‘SUAS pjoo o2 paaou aysse s19pjnoys pue
ypeq say Suyssareospuey sty ‘wi1y o7ax9U UEUION SurAeMsup UT
paquosqe uny aves pur o81puy 02 1940 Appainb paoue|s pay

"uny ‘oFipuy 10 "wIY UO paidau 19M sada
pay] Jy mes ay ‘peay autms say o1 dn yDeq sada sty parour
pay way, *A]]}9q pur astem unT]s 29y J9A0 UAL pue syseaug 19y,
ssaze9 01 spuey say Suraous Yoapad Asan os SDapiad sem ayS
"dais Jo no was 3,upip ays Ysnoyype ‘ype ae way YIM 2A0u
1,UPIp suauaAoUL §,PjOH ang ‘aq OUYDaI Ise} e ‘asuaIUT pue
pnoy sem stsnw ayy "$pog 194 uMop SuryouT A|moys pue peoy
say aaoge Sulsrer spuey ‘parejnpun pue pases pjoo

"loo 2 ypeq UaLp pu say Ie aoue]S uNTY Aes pay "soup
anjq asoo] say woyy {fds 01 SuuareaNp aSeavay> ‘uy o11xaU
padems yseu asioy 4eIq BUI UEWION Y ~saUI0 ay) UI MO]!
B UO Jes dy SB JOY PayNeM ospe d"j YsyJOm s,O31pul

"rAd UeYp a1OUl Jy paruem ay ‘Ou 0 yseU Big "AEM 9A18 Or
pauaieamp s8aj sty se je aup ysurese pouea] pay pue ‘a2uep
01 paras ayg "19Y UO paroAu saa []e Ula "WOOI axp Jo JUDD


i
6 V4

hea hal
nn ae

Ursula looked around the high school gym without
removing her sunglasses. "lI really can't believe you brought
me here. No, wait, | can't believe I actually came. That's the
disturbing part."

Judith stood beside her, surveying the familiar scene in
front of her, her upper lip curled unconsciously. "We've been
over this, I'm here because it's my reunion. You're here to
guard me in case of mishap," she told Ursula, and went to the
gaudy snacks table to procure a glass of punch.

Her friend followed her. "Look, I know you want revenge,
but you're so much more than they are right now. Why can't
you see that?" she asked quietly, ignoring the stares from other
members of the class of 1993. Judith had asked her to accom-
pany her to her reunion; she had been wise not to ask Ursula to
drop her usual garb of sunglasses and denim jacket. Ursula
stubbornly maintained that she never knew when her Effects
would blow up in her face, and she preferred protection at all
times. Judith had, in Ursula's opinion, lost her common sense
and had forgone all normal clothing, and even her weapons, in
favor of a floral PTA mom's dress and sensible navy flats.

Judith also ignored the stares, and grabbed a glass of punch
from the table. The woman filling cups at the table ("REMEMBER
ME? Anne Greer") searched Judith's face and then her chest,
looking for a nametag. Judith didn't have one. "Anne Greer"
started to speak, but Judith turned her back on herand faced Ursula.

"Look," she hissed. "You Awakened early. I didn't. I came
intomy magic when I was 19, when the scars from thisplace were
fresh. | know the scars don't matter, and these people don't
matter. But you don't understand how much you wish with all
your soul that something like Awakening would happen." Her
voice got softand she stared around the gymather ex-classmates.
They greeted, squealed, hugged, and pretended to forget old
grudges as they met each other for the first time in 10 years.

"You get picked on every... goddamn... day," Judith
continued. "They treat you like a grub that squirms in the dirt,
and then they go off for their glamorous lives of football and
cheerleading and Boones' Farm wine and date rape. You lie in
your bed and nurse the bruises to your skin and your ego, you
cry and you wish as hard as you can for something, some
power, something that will make it possible for you to get back
atthem. And nothing ever comes, because wishes don't come
true, and you get up the next morning and go back to school
for it to start again."

Ursula said nothing, not liking the blank look in Judith's
face. She hoped they weren't here for violence; she had no
worries conceming her abilities as bodyguard, but slaughtering
Sleepers for revenge was below even her stretched moral code.

"Then, one day, after you escaped, you learn things you
never thought were possible. You lear that the power is
there, and it's yours and oh, if you'd only had it three years
ago," she turned to Ursula and grinned.

"Um, yeah, Judith, you're not going to go all Columbine
‘on me, are you? I'm here to protect you, but if you're out for
slaughter, I don't want any part of it," Ursula said, uneasy.

Dean IMlacic Il

114
ire!

7)

Judith made a face at her, and Ursula relaxed; this was
more like Judith. "Did I tell you much about my studies in
Poland several years ago?" she asked, and turned back to the
table and started to fill a plate with tiny sandwiches.

"Uh, no, [don't think so," Ursula answered her, confused
by the sudden topic switch.

Judith swallowed a sandwich in one bite, made a face,
and put the plate down. "I checked out some local history
while visiting some relatives there," she said. "I discovered
some old magic that runs in my family, generations back.
There were these shaman-types that used to reside in the
small villages called kolduny. They were respected, but feared
as well. 'Cause if they didn't get invited to every wedding, and
get respected in just the right way, they got pissed and spread
mischief around the town. And you just don't think about
mischief as being serious until your two-year-old spills grape
juice on the white couch, or until your tires get slashed, or
until gremlins infiltrate your Messer Schmidt and disable
your navigation. Those don't actually hurt anyone, it's just
mischief." She fingered a stone around her neck.

"I searched through some of my great-grandfather's li-
brary and discovered some very interesting stuff. His books
dated back a couple of centuries and my grandmother was so
delighted that I was showing interest in my heritage that she
let me have them, I've been studying them, learning a lot
about my people, both as a Pole and as a mage. My grand-
mother also gave me this stone that belonged to her father,
I've been working on using it as my focus," she said, showing
the rough blue stone to Ursula.

She grinned ruefully and continued, "Admittedly, they
used magic in a much different way than we did. I nearly killed
my neighbor when I just tried to make him trip on the sidewalk.
He recovered faster than I did from my headache. I figured that
fucking with this magic on a casual level was a bad idea."

"Jude, fucking with any magic on a casual level is a bad
idea," Ursula reminded her.

Judith waved her hand dismissively. "Anyway, it's taken
a couple of years and private study, but I've got one of their
simpler Effects mastered. The simple act of spoiling, spread-
ing mischief, not really hurting anyone..."

"How did you do it?" Ursula asked.

"It takes a great deal of concentration, because they
didn't approach the magic like we do. They didn't think in
terms of Spheres — they just did it. I had to study a lot of
history to get the feel of the times, and how the shamans
thought. And it was so damn long ago, it's hard to condition
your mind to not think like you've been taught for years and
years. It was learning a new way to walk. But I got it, finally.
Ittakes more of a malevolent nature and focusing the Sphere
magic to act like you want it to," she said.

Judith tumed from Ursula and stared long at a man, who
may have once been muscular but was now just fat. Ursula
didn't know what she was doing, butshe feltaslight backwash
of power. She thought she sensed Prime being used, but it did


feel different, as Judith had said. The man didn't react or even
seem any different.

"Geoff Woodward will have lots of trouble getting it up
for a while," Judith said, grinning.

"See, Urs, it's just mischief. Just like all they did tome was
‘just' tease. I've been looking forward to this night for 14 years.
Let's enjoy it."

Ursula smiled, understanding at last, and her eyes did a
sweep of the room. "Watch what you do with the tall guy near
the stage," she warned. "He looks like he noticed your
working. He's watching you. I... don't think he's that power-
ful though."

Judith looked delighted. "Even better," she said. "That's
Larry Wise, the basketball player that never would go out
with me. This is going to be a very good night to relive
memories, Ursula."

The song came drifting out of the woods, completely
unexpected, as Logan had neither seen nor heard anyone in
the area since passinga couple of hikers several miles back. He
stepped into the shadow of a tall tree and listened, trying to
locate the singer.

I whispered truths that weren't mine

I struck stone with sword

I lied to thieves

Under the sipped moon

Hiding from the bitten sun

You stayed alone

T held the power of the master

And the wonder of the novice

I taught the imbeciles

By the God, the father, you are held

Harm me and mine none

Unutil you are free.

Logan had never heard a voice as haunting as this one.
It was a man's voice, a pure tenor, and it entranced him. He
looked around, still trying to find the singer. He felt a wave of
bliss wash over him, and he sat down, leaned against the tree
and closed his eyes, willing the music never to stop.

He opened his eyes with a snap as he heard a crunch of
feet on leaves next to him. The music had stopped, and it was
dusk. He had slept the entire afternoon away. He struggled to
get to his feet, and discovered he couldn't move. Panic rising
in his throat, he peered up at the owner of the feet.

An old man stood there — incredibly old. His face was
rough and heavily lined, and his lipscaved in on his face implying
no (or few) teeth. He leaned heavily on a staff, and squinted
through white hair that fell in his face in dirty gray curls. "What
you doin' here?" he asked with a voice both raspy and mushy.

"Nothing. Just passing through," Logan said, still strug-
gling in vain to rise. "I meant no harm! Please let me go!"

"Quit your struggling, lad, you're here ‘til I say you can
go," he said, and slammed his walking stick into the ground
beside Logan's outstretched leg for emphasis. "You are not
supposed to be here. No one is supposed to be here, only me.
This is my place. These are my woods." He sounded proud, but
there was a petulant whine to his voice.

"If no one else is here, who was singing?" Logan asked,
leaning against the tree in defeat and looking around.

"Wha? That was my binding charm, you fool. You haven't
noticed you're bound?" the man sounded genuinely surprised.

"Well, yes, but... that was you? The singing | mean?"

The cackle that followed Logan's astonished comment
wasas unlike the previous singing asa sound could be. The old
man slammed his stick into the dirt again, still laughing, and
Logan felt the binding on him break. He scrambled to his feet
as the man began to limp away, still chuckling.

"I'd feared you might bea threat, lad; I smelled the power
on you. But you just go along your way now, you're free," he
called over his shoulder.

Logan watched the old man shuffle away, puzzled, He
paused for only amoment before running after him, calling for
him to wait. He caught up with him easily, and touched him
on the bony shoulder. The man looked at the hand on his
shoulder, then raised his eyesand glared at Logan, who hastily
dropped his hand.

"T've set you free, lad. You shouldn't ask for a better gift
than that. What more do you want?" he asked gruffly.

"Nothing, I just... I've never experienced power like
yours, that's all. What's your name? Can you show me how
you did that?" Logan asked awkwardly.

The old man brayed laughter again. "Lad, | bound you
because I thought you had enough power to be a threat. You
showed yourself to be an idiot. Why would I then take you as
a student?" he asked, and trudged away from Logan again.

The young mage stood, frustrated, and watched him go.
The man turned after about 20 feet and called out to him,
"Ere, do me aservice, and I'll give you three things: My name,
the binding song, and safe passage south."

"Safe passage south?" Logan muttered to himself. He had
been traveling west. But he knew better than to make the old
mancall him an idiotagain. "Whatis the service, sir?" he asked.

"Plow the morning with the dew, and grow mea warrior,"
the man called back to him, and retreated into the woods,
cackling loudly.

Logan shook his head. "So what will I need safe passage
south for after I do this thing?" he yelled.

"You pull a warrior from the dawn; it'll piss off the other
warriors of the dawn. Pissing off the warriors of the dawn will
alert the warriors of the dusk. North keeps his eye on all goings
on, but South doesn't care. It's the only way you can go. But
if you want the song, and my name, you'll do it," the old man
explained, and then disappeared into the woods.

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMANISM == 115
EH vue gy ae G-lrpecrty t
He YPN habhig YER Yh PEL Te at \s
Vee be : ae t
9.1 Tt yi i
tae 5 B4 ae


Logan sighed and wondered if it was worth it. He started
walking westward and thought about the song, how pure the
man's voice had been, and remembered the feeling of total
helplessness as the feeble old man stood above him.

Logan stopped, and wondered if he could really do it. He
smiled briefly, and tumed back eastward to prepare forthe dawn.

THE SHAITIAN

Warrior. Sage. Wise-woman. Bard. Psychopomp. Prophet.
Healer. Fortuneteller. All of these roles can be tied into one title:
Shaman. Although the word "shaman is used almost worldwide
to imply a magic-using wise man or woman, each region seems
to have shamans with differing powers. Those that practice the
shamanistic traditions hail from ancient cultures the world over,
from Asia, Siberia and both North and South America. These
workers of old magic were spread all over the world, functioned
in drastically different societies, and yet had very similar spiritual
methods. Shamans worldwide each seem to have similar func-
tions within society, but with different powers.

Shamanism is defined worldwide as a practice of spiritual
magic, the practitioner having a special link to the spirit world
and animal powers. This special link set the shaman apart, and
gave him access to powers with which to heal or harm. The
shaman would see the world asa living thing: everything driven
bya force oraspirit that was powerful in its own right. The natural
forces, such as the sea, the rivers, the trees and mountains, all had
spiritsor powers within them thatat the least had tobe recognized
and mostly had to be placated and respected. The shaman viewed
animal totems as powers with which to link, and would borrow
either the force of the animal or its form to do his work.

In this chapter, we explore the shamans of Europe and the
British Isles. The topic of European shamanism is diverse enough
to fill its own book, let alone its own chapter. Even within this
relatively small geographical area shamans had differing roles.
While the east German tribes worshipped the animal totemsand
valued trips to the spirit world, Finland's greatest sage used music
tocommunicate with the spirit world and to work his magic, and
the Irish and English valued the wise warrior as their shaman.

Using the word "shaman" makes Mage players think
automatically of Dreamspeakers and theirshamanistic magic.
However, the magic of the old European shamans was incred-
ibly varied, and it has aspects that make its study worthwhile
to almost any Tradition.

Europe's rich history makes it a grand place to explore
forgotten magic with a chronicle. Where else can you find
such variety of cultures, each ancient people having their
own distinct, yet similar flavor of shamanism? Mages of today
have much to learn from these dead arts.

the magic of the European shamans. Dreamspeake:
obviously might be interested, as they are the de-
scendents of the Otherworld-traveling mages of
old. Their desire to capture the lost magic of their
Tradition should be great; even though they have
kept with the old ways more faithfully than any'
other Tradition, they will be surprised at the exten
of the knowledge lost.

The Cult of Ecstasy will be intrigued with the
trances used by the old shamans. Many sorcerers 0
the Germanic tribes found it easier to enter the
Umbra by methods that would seem familiar to!
today's Ecstatic mage. Trances achieved by days

days of dancing and drinking allowed the
Shamans to communicate better with the spirits in|
the Otherworld. An Ecstatic mage would undoubt-
edly become more powerful by adding these
techniques to his already extensive repertoire for!
pushing the threshold of pleasure and pain.

Some shamans of early Europe taught that the
death of the physical made the spirit stronger, and
myths of rebirth were common. The mages of the
Euthanatos Tradition might find that this theory fits in
with much of what they believe. Shamanistic animism
teaches that the Black Sow of Britain deyours the
physical body during rituals so that the spirittial body,
can be reborn. While this theory doesn't fit with the!
Euthanatos belief of death ina literal instead of meta-
phorical sense, it does bear study.

Even the stuffy Order of Hermes and the gad-
get-loving Sons of Ether have reasons to study what

e shamans had to teach. The mere fact that such!
powerful magic was lost to such an extent rankles
the very nerves of an Order mage; it must be
recovered and taught again. The Sons of Ether will
be interested in the physical structures of Britain —
Stonehenge, otherstone circles, mounds, etc. There
are theories that the ancient structures were a kind)
of primitive computer, just another huge gadget
Finding out what it was for, and seeing ifonecan
the energy of it, would keepamage of this Tradition
busy for some time.

In fact, the lost magic of the shamans has}
something to offer mages of any Tradition, if those
mages have the time and dedication to discover}

\

uy vp
Sat


THE SALITION: IRELAND

g] Ireland is where strange tales begin and happy
endings are possible.

— Charles Haughey, Daily Telegraph (Lon-
don, July 14, 1988)

Much of the magical history of Ireland is
revealed through its poems and tales of epic
heroes, the most notable being Fionn mac
Cumhaill and CéChullain. Irish epics told the
stories of the famous kings and warriors of this
island, known for their wisdom or their legendary weapons.

Ireland was thick with magic during these legendary
times, and the shamans and warriors had little problem
tapping it and using it towards their goals. The people
considered the salmon to be a symbol of great wisdom, and it
was considered sacred to [rish shamans and warriors, as they
channeled its strength and wisdom in their magic.

FIONN MAC CUIMHAILL

This most famous of Irish warriors was born to Cumhaill
mac Baiscne, the chieftain of the Fianna, and Muime, grand-
daughter of one of the fae folk. With the blood of the Garou
Kinfolk from his father and the sidhe from his mother, Fionn
was marked a special child from the beginning. Cumhaill was
killed by Goll mac Morna before he could see his son born,
and Muirne, fearing that the mac Mora would seek the baby,
gave Fionn to two women, a druid and a warrior, to raise:

At the age of 10, Fionn left his guardians to search for
wisdom, and he fell into the service of the warrior poet Finegas.
Fionn served Finegas until he was 17, which was when Finegas
caught the coveted Salmon of Knowledge, who had feasted on
the hazelnuts of wisdom growing froma tree in the Umbra. Fionn
burned his finger preparing the salmon for his master and stuck
histhumb in his mouth, gainingall of the wisdom and knowledge
of the future the salmon had to offer. Finegas discovered Fionn.
had tasted it and was displeased that the boy had taken the
wisdom he had hoped to gain, but realized there was nothing he
could do about it. He allowed Fionn to finish his meal. Fionn.
later had other opportunities to gain more wisdom and powers of
prophesy, such as drinking from the well of the moon.

Fionn left Finegas to retake his father's place in the Fianna
as head of that legendary warrior band. He saved Teamhair, the
palace of the High King, from the yearly assault of the fae folk
(ostensibly distant relatives of Fionn himself) with the help of
his horrible spear and magical cloak. After defeating the faerie
prince with his spear, he claimed the leadership of the Fianna
tribe with the blessings of the relieved king, aided no doubt by
his familial connections with the tribe and his Garou Kinfolk
heritage. He then led the Fianna against mac Morna's clan and
finally killed Goll mac Morna, his father's murderer.

Soon after his triumph, Fionn's old mentor, the warrior
woman Fiachel, summoned him to the Umbra. He battled a

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMANISIN

|

sft] ee |!
ra i aes

rl a oe af
rcbhig PO wy

great wyrm for three days, equipped with an enchanted oak
shield and his spear Birga, and took many wounds. Fiachel
spent three earth years healing Fionn, although it seemed like
only a week had passed in the Umbra.

It was in the Umbra that a druid cursed his sister with a
shapechange curse, causing her to assume the form ofadog. She
gave birth to two sons, Bran and Sceolan. Unable to change
them into human form, Fionn took themas his trusted hunting
dogs. It was these two who discovered Fionn's first wife, Sadb,
who had been similarly cursed in deer form. Fionn changed her
to human form, they married, and Sadb gave birth to Oisin; she
was then cursed into deer form again and left Fionn.

Ic is said that Fionn never died, but is sleeping in the
Umbra until Ireland needs him again.

CUCHULLAIN

CéChullain's origin is a legend in itself. His mother
conceived him the night she entered her marriage bed,
having recently vomited out a child she had conceived from
drinking a glass of water.

Asa child, he outplayed all other children and attracted
the attention of the Court of King Conor. Called before the
Hall of Heroes, he uttered his famous line, "I care not whether
I die tomorrow or next year, if only my deeds live after me."
He lived up to this boast indeed, and had hundreds of stories
told of his mighty deeds.

Among CéChullain's feats was his single-handed defense of
Ulsteragainst the queen of Connaught, Medb. Healsodefeated the
warrior woman Aoife, sparing her life only when she agreed to call.
off her forces, welcome him to her bed and bear him a son. Sadly,
CiiChullain bade her place a geas on the boy, named Conlaoch, for
him totell noone his name, make way for no one and refuse no one
combat. This doomed Conlaoch, for when the boy came to his
father seven years later and did not break his geas, he was forced to
subdue or kill many of CaChullain's men. CaChullain faced him in
combatand nearly lost to hisson. He ended the battle when he used
his enchanted spear to rip the boy's stomach open.

CéChullain's power manifested itself in many feats he
performed in battle. The salmon-leap was a mighty jump he
would use to cross rivers and frighten his enemies in battle. Itwas
said he gained more and more wisdom when he used the salmon-
leap. He was most famous for his warp-spasm, a fury that would
overtake his body and cause him to change intoa hideous shape,
after which he was able to massacre 500 warriors. His body
retained so much heat after his warp-spasm that he had to be
dipped into three vats of water to cool off. Upon his entering the
first, it would crack like a nut, his body heat bursting the copper
seams. The second would boil wich massive bubbles, and the
third would be hot enough for "some men" to bear.

CChullain also had his own geasa placed upon him:
never to eat dog meat and to never refuse hospitality. He

yee sy tanita

#6
j rey


¢ a

)
ky
a

M

',

nt Si 4 m
ae. ai
Whe Sierras 0 et yd

a

Nalsi y rated,

ta",

knew his death was coming when the two geasa came into
conflict with each other; an old woman he encountered on
the road offered him to share her meal of dog meat.

CuChullain died in the middle of a battle, upright while
propped against a rock. His dead hands kept grip on his spear
and shield, and his enemies would not approach the body for
days in fear that he was still alive.

R@LE OF THE SHAITIAN \X/ ARRI@R.

While these Irish warriors don't seem to embody the
common view of "shaman," they both fill the roles. It is true
that history primarily views CaChullain and Fionn as war-
riors, but their command of magic and their spiritual wisdom
are analogous with shamans of the age.

Fionn mac Cumhaill spent much of his young life acquiring
wisdom and prophetic powers. His travels within the Umbra are
consistent with shamanic spirit flights and encounter with
spirits, both friendly and hostile. Those other than Fionn prac-
ticed shamanic magic to a nefarious end, as many of his loved
ones were shapechanged against their will. There is even ques-
tion as to whether Fionn is dead or not. He could simply be
waiting in the Umbra for a time when Ireland needs him again.

CiChullain was more of a straight-forward warrior than
Fionn, but the magic surrounding his life was no less shamanistic
in nature. Most of his battle-feats were connected to animism or
an ecstatic shamanistic trance. When he performed his salmon-
leap, he was channeling the power of the salmon, commonly
used in Irish folklore as a symbol of wisdom. His warp-spasm took
him into a shamanistic trance and allowed him to channel
primal forces into his body, providing him great strength.

The Irish folklore shows us that a shaman doesn't simply
have to sit around in a trance and speak with the spirits. A
shaman has many roles, even that of a powerful warrior and
leader, while still performing his more typical magic of travel
to the Otherworld and connection with totem animals.

IRISH R@TES

FATHERLESS BIRTH [ee eee ENTROPY,
eevee | iff ecceece PRIME eeece SPIRIT |

Long before the Virgin Mary, women were giving birth
without the touch of a man. Great men such as Vainaéméinen
and gods such as Raven were born from women who had not
conceived them in the normal way. These conceptions were
forced, using magic in the form of having the unsuspecting
mothers swallowing tainted water, a wortleberry, or a pine
needle. Vainamédinen's mother was thought to have been
impregnated by the wind itself.

Despite this rote's name, these babies who are conceived
through unusual means do actually have fathers — of a sort.
Spirits are responsible for the majority; the only ones without
an obvious father spirit are Raven and Taliesin, who fathered
themselves. The rote's name refers to the fact that insemina-
tion was accomplished by means other than sexual.

s DEAD Macic II

sary 81,
a ea
r.

, als He a

ae

‘
~ ee
:

Bees i= sy

= ¢
ors

Vi .
oo asta ais

‘(says

Pm eog (_— " 7 =—

To create the Fatherless Birth, it takes exquisite control of
all involved Spheres. The target doesn't have to be a virgin, but
cannot be someone who has conceived a child before or thinks
that she might (i.e. she has a regular sexual partner). There are
other things to consider — how the mother will react in this day
and age of several options for unwanted pregnancies, whether
the caster can (or wants to) control the mother and/or child, etc.

System: The target of the Effect must be of childbearing
age. The mage uses Spirit to call the child's father, then adds
Life and Prime to create the "seed" of the magical child (a
berry, a special draught of water, or other innocuous but
natural object which must be ingested by the target), and
finally Entropy to place a destiny on the child (and to ensure
that the seed causes a pregnancy).

Three successes are required on a single roll (no extended
effects); extra successes strengthen the destiny. This rote is
coincidental — nobody really believes you can get pregnant
from a magical berry, so others simply assume the mother
simply doesn't want to identify the father.

Old Faith: Autumn ¢¢¢¢ (to instill a good destiny),
Spring ¢¢¢ee (to create life).

Spirit-Talker: Chieftain ¢®, Trickster e@@@@, Wise
One @eeee,

ITIAI@R GEAS
[eeeee ENTROPY, #¢e ITIIND]

A more powerful and doom-ridden version of the Minor
Geas (see below). The Major Geas is not chosen voluntarily
— it is imposed on a target by the mage.

System: Similar to the Binding Oath Entropy Effect,
except that Mind allows the mage to force the compulsion
upon a target. If he breaks the rule imposed, willingly or not,
is suffers the terrible effects of ill fare. Successes determine
how long the Effect lasts. This rote is coincidental.

Spirit-Talker: Chieftain ¢¢¢@, Wise One ©®,

ITIN@R GEAS [ ee ENTROPY, ¢e ITIND]

The geasa — an oath bond magical in nature — were
commonly used in Ireland. They were oaths or promises that

DARK AGES SHAITIANS

Although these magics are almost lost to modem
times, they were still practiced by a few shamans as late as
rly medieval times. In other words, mages in the Dark
Ages: Mage era might know these spells. These magics are
mainly practiced by Spirit-Talkers. Each rote given here

isalso listed with its Spirit-Talker Pillars, for those players
using Dark Ages: Mage. A few select rotes may also be
own to the Old Faith mages of that time, and in these
instances, their Pillars are also listed.
Those who do not play Dark Ages: Mage may freely.
ignore these extra tidbits of magical lore.

dy -
Hien i mA ne aout wef boy ae

wie hb eal aes "a YP


When we hear the words "virgin birth," regardless of

ir religion (or lack thereof), we usually think of Jesus

thrist, whose birth is so famous he often is called THE
irgin Birth, while Mary is THE Virgin.

However, there are stories— older than Christ, even —
at feature women who have never known a man's touch,
ft get pregnant nonetheless. These women show up so
equently in legends and epics, in fact, that one might
onder if there was specific magic used to impregnate a

gin...
The Finnish collection of epic poetry, the Kalevala,
egins and ends with a virgin birth. Before the world was
ated, IImatar, a spirit of the air, encountered the seaand
ted upon it. She was blown back and forth by the wind,
ch eventually made her pregnant. She carried the child
Br years (creating the world in the process with a broken
gshell, but that's unimportant for now), and finally her
aby grew restless and birthed himself. He became the sage
dindmdinen and was Finland's greatest shaman.

In the last poem of the Kalevala, Marjatta is a fair
aiden who is so intent on staying pure that she refuses to
poka stallion to her cart, nor will she hook up a mare that
s been mounted by a stallion. She insists her cart be
awn by foals as pure as she is. She will not milk the cows
or touch any male livestock. While picking berries one

by, a wortleberry sneaks into her mouth and impregnates
1, Her parents threw her out asa whore when she enters
bor. After giving birth, a sage pronounces her baby the
xt king, the pronunciation leading Vainaméinen into

y, self-imposed exile.

Trish legend CaChullain's begetting was even more

, with two failed virgin births seemingly mere precur-

to his existence, which was brought about by normal
eans. While chasinga flock of birds intenton befouling the
ind, the mighty king Conchobor, his sister Deichtiine and
men of Ulster came across the home of a pregnant
oman and her husband. The men rested at the house as
ichtine aided the woman in her labor. Outside, a mare
we birth to twin foals. The next morning, the house, the
the couple and the mare were all gone; all that
ined were the infant boy and the foals. Deichtine raised
boy as her own, but he died of an illness a couple of years
Later, while lamenting the death of her foster-son, she
ank a tiny creature in her water cup, which impregnated
r. A man came to herinadream and said he had putachild
her, and gave her instructions onhow she should raise his

mac Roich while she was still pregnant. Deic!

ashamed to go to her marriage bed heavily pregnant that sh
got sick and vomited out the child. She entered mac Roi
bed a virgin, and there conceived CiChullain.

The goddess Ceridwen concocted a potion of wisdo
for her hideous son, assuming that the only way he cot
make it in the world was as a wise man. When it came tim
to give him the potion, the child Gwion stepped in front
her son and drank it, feeling the ugly boy didn't d
wisdom. Ceridwen was so angry with him that she pursae
him in a shapeshifting game until he turned into a grain
wheat and she into a hen. She swallowed him, and nit
months later, she gave birth to him as Taliesin, noted as th
greatest and wisest bard of Wales.

Ina very similar story, Inuit mythology has the tri
god Raven wishing to steal the sun. He changes himself int
apine needle and is swallowed by a maiden. Why the maidet
was eating pine needles isn't discussed, of course, and probabl
shouldn't be questioned. Raven gestated inside her and
tebom nine months later, The demanding baby boy fussed
much that the family gave him the sun to play with and
steals it immediately.

These stories of parthenogenesisfave two things if
common: each woman gave birth to an extremely por
man—sage, king, or god—and each pregnancy cameabo
through the interference of a powerful being. It would ta
considerable meddling with destiny, physiology and possiblj
the cooperation ofa spirit to impregnate a woman andset
destiny for the child these days. Virgin births bring abo
someone powerful, and you can use this device to make
chronicle interesting. Some possibilities are setting up
character's history to include a virgin birth or even creati
asituation where a spirit impregnates one of your unsu:
ing player characters .

This will take a bit of planning, though, as bringing
powerful being into the world is intended to cha
forever, and this is something big for the mages (and
Storyteller) to deal with. Not something you want to
arbitrarily into a chronicle, but with good planni
be intriguing.

The Fatherless Birth rote (not all such births are
virgins) allows a mage to attempt to manipulate such

had magical weight behind them, outweighing any and all
personal morals. Bearers would often take the Minor Geas
voluntarily, considering it a supplement to their already
significant honor code.

In today's age, a Minor Geas can be used for anything as
trivial as helping someone lose weight to forcing them to be
polite in a tense diplomatic situation. A mage must always

SINGING BY ITIG@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMIANISIN

"" ‘ , eh eee gilt
tists i Lariat Sylar vrk pay dhe vr HTN Le Ho Jy Mh yas Ui
Patt rae uf qe % UN A i 4 =
a a Vey elie ME ga on
a fy it a i Ue hh Fey

;
4

-
¢

*

I

a\

AS

As

: a -
‘| ~

_—- =
oN
ae
==)

ab aa

ce
Om
A) =

y,

— J
AWN
3 O* Le -
be ‘. w ~
oe
conn» '
. ‘

‘b
a +r
* OP
ae |
a, te
lq 4
a] oT .

a

Cr

FF eel im
 —

"while

take on a Minor Geas voluntarily, as the Effect is not strong
enough to force a will upon someone.

System: Mind forces the target's honor code to be bound
by rules he has agreed to follow. Entropy punishes any who
break the geas with bad luck. Casting successes dictate not
only how strong the compulsion is, but how badly things go
for whoever breaks the geas. This rote is coincidental.

Spirit-Talker: Chieftain eee.

SHAPECHANGE CURSE
[eeeee LiFe eeee [TIND]

Worse than placing a binding Effect on someone, or
forcing her will through a geas, is the horrible power of the
forced shapechange. Several members of legendary Irish hero
Fionn Mac Cumhaill's family were plagued with this curse:
his sister and her sons, Bran and Sceolan, were cursed to be
dogs, and Fionn's first wife, Sadb, was shapechanged into the
form of a doe. Often, these legendary people could be freed
only by the shaman who cursed them, or by one stronger than
that shaman. (On the other hand, in Fionn's nephews' cases,
not at all, Fionn kept them as his faithful hunting dogs.)

In a less malevolent usage of this Effect, it is said that the
master shamans also used it on their initiates. The shapechange
was meant to introduce the initiate to the power of the animal
totems that he was expected to be intimately familiar with. The
initiate would spend anywhere from a number of days to a full
year in the shape, and the Effect was lifted when the master saw
fit. The two Irish pig-keepers, Friuch and Rucht, were punished
with the shapechange, where they were cursed to fight as birds,
water creatures, stags, phantoms, dragons and maggots. They
spent two years in each shape, and had no knowledge of who
they were; they only had the desire to destroy each other.

System: Similar to the Life Effect Animal Form, the
Shapechange Curse rote is more malevolent, for it uses the
Mind Sphere to also exert control over the mind of the target.
A successful casting of this spell turns the target into an
animal form with the mind of an animal. Successes determine
the length of time the target remains in the shape without
control of his mind.

iit

This rote is always Vulgar.
Spirit-Talker: Chieftain ©¢¢¢, Trickster e#*@e.

SALITION @F \/IsDeIn
[eee ITIIND, ¢© TIME, OPTIONAL ee SPIRIT]

Irish hero Fionn Mac Cumhaill was touted as one of the
wisest men ever to live, and it was given that he tasted the
salmon of wisdom (accidentally) to attain this power. The
salmon themselves were reputed to live below a hazelnut tree.
Legend has it that the magic came from the hazelnuts them-
selves, which the salmon would eat. The tree, the spring, and
the salmon are presumably still in the Umbra, although no
one knows just where. While the salmon of wisdom seem to
be more legend than fact today, a mage can call on their
wisdom to gain experience prophetic vision.

Se

The mage enters a short, dreamlike trance that reveals a
portion of the future, although usually in highly metaphorical
rather than exact images. Properly interpreting the beings
one meets and the places one visits is the true art of prophecy.

System: Mind is used to empower the mage to experi-
ence the trance without losing consciousness or forgetting
what occurs, and Time brings forth the shadows of the future.
Optionally, the Spirit Sphere can actually allow the shaman
to communicate with the salmon themselves, and they will
appear in the trance, pointing out important aspects of it
either physically or through spirit speech.

The more successes the mage rolls, the more vivid the
scene that is evoked. One success may reveal a misty,
horizonless place where a few figures interact confusingly —
interpreting the figures' identities and actions is the key.
Three or more successes might evoke a mythic forest with a
staggeringly old hazelnut tree, the pool beneath it full of
salmon ready to speak to the shaman. Five successes may
reveal more than metaphor — actual people the shaman
knows or will soon encounter may appear.

Proper interpretation of events is best done through
roleplaying, but an Intelligence + Engimas roll may prompt
the Storyteller for more clues. This rote is coincidental, since
only the tranced-out shaman experiences the prophecy.

Spirit-Talker: Wise One eeee.

W ARP-SPASITI

[eee FORCES, eoee LIFE, eee PRIME]

CuiChullain's most powerful battle Effect was his Warp-
Spasm. He was described as physically altering his shape to
manifest into a horrible being, with swollen limbs, bulging
eyes, and an incredible heat coming off his body.

The Warp-Spasm is an incredibly powerful aid to any
mage who wishes to increase his battle powers. The Effect
physically alters the mage, making him a fury-filled warrior.
His body temperature will rise, causing additional damage to
any who touches him.

System: Life and Prime orchestrate the initial transfor-
mation from mild-mannered mage to hideous warrior. Forces
cause the mage's body to heat toa level unbearable to anyone
surrounding him. Successes determine how long the Warp-
Spasm lasts.

A mage experiencing a Warp-Spasm gets one extra dot
to all Physical Attributes for every two successes gained. In
addition, he delivers two extra dice of damage due to the
extreme heat he gives off. Extra successes can be applied to
duration, but should the Warp-Spasm last for more than a
scene, the character must spend a point of Willpower each
extra duration to retain his sanity — if he doesn't, he becomes
a mindless berserker.

This rote is very Vulgar.

Old Faith: Summer eee.

Spirit-Talker: Warrior eeee.

| ote , Peek ier i
4 ae rE ' ‘ 4! ran,
. st he f f ' m4 of paix : é A . 4 m 1 ! iM va ' fs .
ae pHi Pint Miles | Sve TRA SG Nee d lt ts

ay

< DERE

IRISH \X/ @NDERS
HAZELNUTS @F W/IsDerm

Level 2 Charm

Hazelnuts were considered sacred to the ancients: Fionn
Mac Cumbaill and others in Celtic legend sought great wisdom
from the fruit of nine sacred hazelnut trees that overhung pool.
Fionn tasted a small bit ofa salmon that had eaten the hazelnuts
that fell into the pool and was said to have attained his great
wisdom from that one taste. King Cormac also encountered a
pool such as this during his trip to the Land of Promise.

Hazelnuts of Wisdom are items that can be used as foci,
oreven eaten for magical effect, if properly harvested. To get
thenuts, however, one mustfind their tree in the Umbra. The
location of said tree has been lost for some time, and a
questing mage would have to do much research and inquire
from many spirits to figure out where it is.

{If used as a focus, a hazelnut can give the mage a +1
bonus to Wits dice pools, as the wisdom from the nut sharpens

the mage's cunning faculties. If ingested, the hazelnut will

give the mage-a temporary +2 bonus to his Wits score; this
effect lasts for one scene.]

SPEAR @F G@BHNIU

Level 4 Artifact

The spear was a sacred artifact to Celtic shamans, and
this weapon permeated many of those legends. Both Fionn
mac Cumhaill and CéChullain used mighty spears, either
imbued with magic or forged to be wicked in battle.

Gobhniu (the Irish god of smithing) was said to forge
spears that never missed their mark. He forged many that
heroes carried in legendary battles (and later used as honorary
places to perch the heads of fallen heroes and foes). They are
now in old weapons collections and museums; some may be
buried under the mysterious mounds or standing stones (like
Stonehenge), or otherwise hidden.

[A mage who manages to possess one of Gobhniu's spears
possesses a powerful (if obvious and slightly Vulgar) weapon.
Ie provides a +2 bonus to attack dice pools, and does aggra-
vated damage to a target's Pattern as well as body.]

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMIANISIN 121

i‘y}
pon

vey nytig ery
Hts oe

‘ |
TELUS MRT Ue i ae
¢ ! ‘ ae


THE BLACK SOW: BRITAIN

Behavior that's admired is the path to power among
people everywhere.

— Beowulf (Seamus Heaney translation)
Mystery shrouds a great deal of Britain's
shamanistic past. The northem lands (Scotland
of today) had the Picts, a group whose history is
lost to us for the most part. The middle and the
south hold the unexplainable mystery of the
large earthen mounds and the standing stones,
such as Stonehenge and Avebury. The legends of the great
warrior Beowulf, as well as Bran of Wales and Taliesin the bard,
also stem from these regions, along with the tales of the great
Black Sow of Wales.

THE PICTS

We honestly know very little about the Picts. Most of the
history we have obtained about them is second-hand: Roman
tales of barbarian warriors living in the northern lands of
Britain (currently Scotland), and Celtic lore describing the
clans of the north as being enemies of the Romans. It is not
known where the warriors came from; some assume Ireland,
some assume Finland or Russia, Spain or France, others
assume they were pre-Celts.

qt

'
ul

What we do know of these mysterious people is their
genealogy of kings, which followed an odd matriarchal line.
Historians theorize that Pict warriors settled in northem Britain,
and that no women settled with them. The men supposedly
made a bargain with the Irish: they would send over women to
marry the Picts, and the Picts would have their kings follow the
line of the mother. So the men ruled askings, but the king's sister
would give birth to the next in line for the throne. This theory
might explain why Irish words entered the Pictish vocabulary.

The Picts were never conquered, and thus boasted of
legendary kings: King Cruithne was said to reign for 100 years,
and split the land up between his seven sons. Legends say that
King Durst fought and won 100 battles. These kings were
possibly involved with causing the Romans to admit that
Northern Britain just wasn't worth the lives they were spend-
ing on it. Even Saint Columba feared that the northern
barbarians' magic (he called them "Druids") was stronger
than his holy power given from God.

One of the few things we know about the Picts is their skill
in building the great standing stones scattered in Northern
Britain. They carved mysterious information on them, much of
which is lost to us now. Early stones have animals and geomet-
tic designs on them, thought to be family coats of arms,

A ave!

é


ip

—y,,

—\ (\ Za

VA

gravestones for kings, territorial markers or commemorations
of the dead. On the other hand, they may simply have been art.
Modern mages may discover the symbols as dedications
to animal totems. Fishes, horses, boars, bulls, eagles, and an
odd animal called the "Pictish Elephant" show up frequently.
Romans also described Picts as being heavily tattooed with
their tote animals. The boar was their mother-goddess figure,
and they would tattoo her onto their bodies for protection.

THE BLACK S@W/ @F BRITAIN

The black sow was renowned throughout Wales and
Britain asa fearsome figure, one who travels the night (usually
Hallowe'en or Samhain), destroying the profane body of any
human it catches in order to rebuild it as a sacred vessel filled
with spirit power. The sow had no tail, and was called, in
Welsh, yr Hwch Ddu Gwta. She would sometimes be seen
with a headless woman dressed in white.

The sow possibly has some connection with Cerridwen,
a triple goddess figure associated with the sow and considered
a fertility goddess. This connects with the view of the Black
Sow as a symbol for spiritual rebirth.

Today's consideration has changed the myth to make the
Black Sow an evil figure, a symbol of cold death. Most have
forgotten the image of rebirth that goes along with it, and the
shamanistic power of this animal is all but lost.

BEOW/ULF

Time to remember the tales read in 6" grade. Beowulf is
perhaps the oldest written Anglo-Saxon story on record, and
chronicles the mighty deeds of one warrior. A story from
Britain, it chronicles the tales of a Scandinavian warrior,
Beowulf, and his many triumphs over monsters threatening
the land of his friends and those of his homeland.

Beowulf's most famous battle is his first: the one against
Grendel, a fearsome monster who attacks the Danes for years
on end before Beowulf arrives and slays him barehanded.
Aftera night of celebration, they are shocked to discover the
attack of Grendel's mother. Beowulf takes up his enchanted
sword, Hrunting, and, with more difficulty, slays her — after
Hrunting fails him for the first time ever.

Beowulf settles into kingship and rules comfortably for
50 years. A clumsy treasure-seeking adventurer then stumbles
across the hoard of a dragon and enrages the beast. Beowulf
must fight again, although he feels confrontation this may be
his last. When all of his men desert him but one, he slays the
dragon with a dagger after taking a mortal wound. He orders
the colossal treasure to be released from the dragon's hoard.
The treasure was buried with him in a massive mound on the
coast, and it supposedly remains there to this day.

THE R@LE @F THE BRITISH SHAITIAN

Little is known of Pictish magic, but evidence from the
standing stones and written records show that they were

~mer BY eae — SHAIMANISITI

ees

. 2 2 4 don

-
=

>
Vos

~~ fo
—
ES
age
- ‘ Sia
—

el

a

=

heavily into animism and totem worship. The shaman would
use the tattoos of animals to infuse the body with the power of
the totem animal, such as the mother goddess figure of the boar.
The black sow totem was also heavily worshipped throughout
Britain, and shamans would tap into her power for rebirthing
rituals, These histories and myths show how important the
animal totems were to the British people, and how they relied
on the shamans to represent and contact the animal spirits.

Beowulf was a warrior shaman figure like Fionn and
CéChullain, and, like them, was also revered for his wisdom. He
had the power to enter the shamanic ecstasy trances to defeat his
foes: the powerful monsters that ravaged the countryside.

British myths and legends are consistent with the power
of the legendary shamans. The Picts and the Britons estab-
lished connections with the power of the animal totems, and
the myths of Beowulf established the power of the shamanic
trances as used in battle.

BRITISH R@TES
WATCHDOG [ ee ITIATTER, © © PRIME]

While the meanings behind the many standing stones in
Britain still elude the Awakened and the non-Awakened alike,
some mages have surmised that some stones were used as guard-
ians. There have been several stones found toppled tothe ground,
covering hapless skeletons. There are also many old stories of
Christian invaders instructing men to tear down the heathen
stones, only to quickly reverse the order after losing several
warriors to the toppling behemoths. They ordered no Christians
to touch the bewitched stones, believing that the heathens had
imbued too much of their power within them to be safe.

Similar to setting a Ward on an area, this Effect will
imbue an item, be it a standing stone or a kitchen chopping
block, with enough energy to act as guardian. While the item
will have no intelligence, it will be ensorcelled to damage
anyone tampering with it.

System: The mage uses Matter and Prime toset the trigger
for this Effect, manipulating the Pattern of the target objectand
channeling it with Quintessence. The trigger and desired effect
must be stated at the casting, whether it be a car rolling over
someone who gets too close to it, to a kitchen knife chasing
someone who tries to open a drawer. The number of successes
dictate how long the item will attack once triggered. The Effect
remains on the object until triggered, after which it must be
recast. Botches might cause the mage to think the object is
enchanted while it remains completely normal.

This rote is coincidental as long as the effect can be
explained away as such — rocks or cars "accidentally" rolling
over someone are coincidental, while knives chasing people
are quite Vulgar.

Spirit-Talker: Chieftain eee, Wise One ee.

123

vay
; poly —_-

aN bois

,
= os
*

— «4
—

ea

i"

a) / "« .
OST /s ete

ami

-f

1», We
.
| a'

ra - -

Ps ~

AYE!

Ay

YY

deal
%

7
,

ij
fle

ae
-

,

.
\ > . -

1

we

it "
Fn

Ww,

oy *!

\

t

/

git
fq i,

|
1s
na

al

(FAT
rT
fol
-~ '
b

en sh

= i Mes

4.
fT

' ) aT |
ee' aah eens ies ty | " ninig Rn e pMia yen syd | UAE Alig
\? | |S i r ay = " ri ‘ me ha j «| ae a Hat | " ' r
ace dd, Aid ih, g! i Kh. nr sdetut K Le 7 yl ; tr. fall ‘Ty JY,

-}

~~

3x

x

nt
—se8

= a

arb

BRITISH \X/ @NDERS
HRUNTING

Level 4 Unique Artifact

While Beowulf dispatched Grendel with his mighty bare
hands, hedid attempt touse his magical sword Hruntingin his
battle against the foul beast who mothered Grendel. In his
time of need, though, the sword failed him and refused to sink
into her hide, and he tossed it aside.

Hrunting was abandoned in that underwater grave of
Grendel and his mother. Where it has ended up now is
anyone's guess — it could still be there. Legend has it that it
was tempered in blood, called upon often to perform heroic
feats, and always struck true. While the sword proved useless
in the hands of the great warrior Beowulf, it could serve
another much better. As Beowulf learned in his final battle
against the dragon, he was simply too strong to wield weapons
— they would break or fail in his strong grasp.

Hrunting will serve its master well and usually strike true
(+3 bonus to attack dice pools). There is a risk of it failing its
masterat.a time of need, though. Being ofa magical origin, itcan
do aggravated damage to the target's Patter as well as body.

CF *l
"HEE
aaa

1
1
reqs

PR@PHETIC SKULL

Level 2 Artifact

As seen by the sacred magic coming from the head of
Bran, the shamans of Europe held the head of fallen foes and
friends as high trophies. Many sanctuaries in Gaul had pillars
set to hold the heads of slain enemies. A large eagle gargoyle
guarded the heads, which were said to be able to divine the
future if asked yes/no questions. Many of the skulls have gone
missing since their heyday atop the pillars, but they still exist.
Mostare used as divining tools, residing in boxes thatare held
in the hands when a question is asked.

There is a possibility that all heads are not alike. A head
can get a sense of a mage's intent and may have a mind of its
own, so to speak. If the mage's personality and intent matches
the personality of the fallen warrior, it is more likely to give
reliable answers.

A"
whilea

answer is indicated by the box becoming lighter,
answer causes the box to become very heavy. The
skull must remain in the box to have any powers.

[The heads have the equivalent prophecy powers of the
Divinations Time Effect (Mage revised, p. 192).]

ea
nt

‘
a '


Now in the ninth year, in the tenth summer
she raised her head from the sea, lifts up the crown
of her head.

She began to perform her acts of creation, to
accomplish her works

on the wide expanse of the sea, on the wide open sea.

— Elias Lénnrot, Kalevala (1: 269 - 272)

The official epic history of Finland is the
Kalevala, 50 epic poems describing the exploits
of many Finnish heroes, foremost among them the sage
Vainaméinen. The Finns had a rich mythology, describing
everything from the origin of the world to the theft of the sun
and moon.

Shamansof the time primarily weaved their power through
song, using this manifestation of power to travel to the Umbra,
heal wounds, and even stop dogs from barking. The wolf, the
cunning animal representing strength and intelligence, is a
fitting totem to represent Vaindmdinen and his country.

THE KALEVALA

The 50 poems of the Kalevala were comprised largely from
oral history from the rural areas of Finland and Russia, collected
by Elias Lonnrot. After it was written down, the Finns adopted
itas their national epic. While the poems tell many tales, from
the creation of the world to the follies of proud men, the
majority of the poems tell of the cunning hero Vainaméinen.

Born of the virgin air spirit IImatar, Vainamdinen is the
wisest man ever to grace the land of Finland. He is kind,
gracious, daring, and has powerful magic within his music.
Most of his stories are centered on his dealings with the land of
Pohjola, and his desire to wed a daughter of the North Farm. He
offers her mother, Louhi, the Sampo, a mill that will bring forth
an unending supply of food, salt and money, for the hand of her
daughter. The mother agrees, and Vaindiméinen asks his smith
Ilmarinen to make the Sampo, who does so unwillingly. The
question of who has earned the hand of the daughter of Louhi
becomes an issue, as the girl herself promises to wed Ilmarinen
even though Vaindiméinen woos her.

The confused love lives of the warriors escalate with the
jealousy of Vainaméinen, the death of Ilmarinen's wife, his
forging of a cold, golden woman, and his stealing of another
one of Louhi's daughters (and subsequent forced shapeshifting
of her intoa seagull). These broken hearts lead Vainaméinen
and IIlmarinen to decide that Pohjola doesn't deserve the
wealth of the Sampo, and they seek tosteal it. During the final
fight with Louhi, who attacks in eagle form, the Sampo is
destroyed. The heroes fight Louhi over the sun and moon,
which she has hidden, and when IImarinen starts to forge a
new sun and moon, she releases them.

iawn hen han
: :

Riad, Ss { (05.3
jt] se Vt th Calis) TH
oe Se a

rl
toh

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHATMIANISIN
rig ery
MAG a af )

The epic ends with the coming of a new King of Karelia,
a virgin birth, and the self-exile by a disgusted Vainamdinen,
predicting he will be called upon again to aid Finland and to
construct a new Sampo for the people.

Vainaméinen uses his magic to cure the sick and slay
spirit beasts set against him by his enemies. He binds his
enemies or shapechanges them. The magic of the land of
Finland is represented by this cunning old man, and a mage
would do well to study him and his techniques. The magic of
the smith Ilmarinen is also fascinating, as he created the
Sampo itself, the golden wife, and many magical instruments.

THE ROLE ©F THE SITITH

Although smiths were not considered shamans,
they did possess magic of their own. Finnish smith.
Ilmarinen's skill was considerable enough to create the
magical unique Sampo, forge a wife of gold, and con-
structa replacement for the sun and moon. Other myths

yy that smiths also had the power to heal and see into
the future. They were also able to drive away hostile
spirits with the heat and noise of working with the fires.
This was considered a valuable asset, as evil spirits were
often drawn to their power over fire. Some say that evil
spirits gave the smith his power in the first place, and
would therefore constantly annoy them.

Some even considered smiths to have the power to

mper shaman's souls with their fires, allowing them to
pass to the Otherworld more easily. In turn, shamans
could cure a smith's sickness brought about by evil
spirits. They would hold a ritual to anoint the smith's
tools with bull's blood, tossing a bull's head on the fire,
and then the shaman would host a spirit who would)

peak through the shaman and answer questions regat
ing the treatments the smith should receive.

THE R@LE ©F THE BARDIC SHAITIAN

Finnish shamans used their magic to manipulate spirits,
enter the Otherworld, channel power over others and even
shapechange. The epics that retain these stories describe the
magic in detail, allowing today's mages to study the Effects
and purposes of those powerful shamans.

Contact and control over spirits and their world, and
channeling power through music and trances embodies much
of the shamanistic flavor of Finnish magic.

Zs

H ayn
4 st

«'>

tt

a4
s
7
«

=

.

eam

AN

mS
oA
a6 =
Secs |
Fy oN
<E

st

‘A,
>
;

oe

aD
HE
‘e.

, hie ng
[tt .

A

a
or

Lt TL
=

it 14

7! a

a te

I s

od Sirame » Bi
s. ‘i
ad : .

aia
nls

SIoi

Voth

Shevls

im 28)» i

=) LE IC

pea SY eS

A &

S Fuse ROTES

BINDING S@NG
[ e* C@RRESPONDENCE, °° TIME]
Carving the holy stone
Cast the lucky dice far
Reading the runes that are thrown
You will stay where you are
The Finnish sagas of the Kalevala incorporate the lost art
of song magic, giving the singer a powerful tool tocreate many
different Effects. The binding song was a unique one, allow-
ing the singer to stop someone else in his or her tracks.
System: The song incorporates Correspondence and Time
to halt the person in space and time. They will have recogni-
tion of what is going on around them, and may even be able to
speak, if the singer wishes it. The number of successes dictates
how long the target remains held. This rote is Vulgar.
Spirit-Talker: Chieftain ee ee.

ENTER THE SAUNA [ ¢ « SPIRIT]

The sauna was a sacred place to the Finnish shamans;
while the sauna was a popular place for people to visit, the
shamans understood that there was one day a year set aside for
the spirits to use the sauna. Humans would do well not to visit
the sauna on that day. However, shamans would sit outside
the sauna in a trance and ask questions of the spirits and
discern the answers by interpreting the physical sensations
that came over them in their trance.

Today's mage can use the same systems, a meditative
trance, to reach out to the spirits, and ask certain questions for
simple answers. Cult of Ecstasy practitioners may wish to
replicate the sauna trance for the full effect, while Spirit
Talkers may just want to meditate. Regardless, if rhe divining
spirit is contacted, it will respond by the same methods as the
Finns experienced — a "no" answer is indicated by scratch-
ing, and "yes" by gentle pricking of the skin.

System: The mage may ask one yes/no question per
success. Note that the spirit questioned may not know the
answer, or may think it knows the answer and thereby give the
wrong answer. This rote is coincidental.

Spirit-Talker: Wise One ©®.

EX@RCISIM SONG [ ee ee [TIIND, © SPIRIT]
As a rabbit lies safe in her burrow
As a hawk is at home in the sky
As a fish rests deep in the sea
A spirit has its place by the by

Possession by spirits and other creatures from the Umbra
isa fearful thing to deal with, which is why the Exorcism Song
was created. This enchanting and misleadingly soothing song
contains strong magic to force out from a host any unwanted
Umbral spirit. Exorcism takes a finely tuned mind and this
long song takes a good bit of discipline and concentration, not

126 DEAD Mlacic II

to mention being ready in case the spirit or demon decides to
attack the mage after being forced from its host.

System: Mind and Spirit magic is used to coerce the
spirit, allowing the mage to force it to quit an unwanted
possession, One success causes the spirit to leave the body it
possesses, but it does not have to leave the area, and may try
to possess another person there (it cannot attempt to repos-
sess the same person for at least 24 hours). Three or more
successes cause it to leave the area. Scoring five or more
successes causes it to lose its current ephemeral body and
reform elsewhere in the Umbra, unless it spends one point of
Power, in which case it must simply leave.

This rote is coincidental, since most people are inca-
pable of seeing spirits and will believe the ceremony to be
mainly psychological in effect.

Spirit-Talker: Chieftain ¢¢¢¢, Wise One ee.

PR@TECTION SONG [ ¢ e CORRESPONDENCE,
e © FORCES, OPTIONAL © © SPIRIT]

The monsters in the dark won't harm you

The terrors of the dark can't make you flee

While the ghouls chomp the bones and sinew

You are safe here, and safe with me

When you were a child and frightened of the dark, your
grandmother told you that singing a little song might make
you feel braver, didn't she? She didn't know how right she
was. Sometimes when there are threats all around, and one is
alone and frightened, the best thing to do is to tap into the
power of Finnish song magic and weave a protection song.
The mage singing the protection song surrounds herself with
a magical field that cannot be breached by ordinary weapons
or low-level offensive Effects. She will also be hidden from
scrying Effects. The downside to this Effect is that the mage
herself cannot attack, as the force field goes both ways.

System: This combines the effects of a Ward (Mage, p.
159), and Energy Shield (p. 166), creating a barrier protect-
ing the mage from physical and energetic harm. Magical
weapons and high-level Effects can shred this protection, but
it is still quite useful if one has found oneself separated from
a group, lost in hostile territory or injured and in a bad
situation. An optional version uses Spirit to add a spirit ward,
keeping spirits at bay. This rote is usually coincidental, unless
there is no means to explain away its effects.

Spirit-Talker: Warrior ©@®, Wise One eee,

FINNISH \X/ @NDERS
SAITIP® FRAGMENTS

Level 2 Artifact

The shaman Vadinamdinen had the smith Ilmarinen
make a Sampo for the mistress of Pohjola in return for his
passage home and the mistress's daughter's hand in marriage.
The Sampo was a three-sided mill, each side created to grind
out an unlimited supply of grain, saltand money. The mistress

7 ' 1 ae ry . ' i ' yer (gyer | jt ie!
adn, oo avy refund Hl han tafe | Rie aT ety | tl He. vr ni saan " a t -
Epa St edie i Wes fsa fi | yu, eh Gan weed fae ee oy a

setthe Sampo inacave tochurn outriches forthe land. When
the youngest daughter spurned not only Vainiimdinen but
also Ilmarinen, the men set off to steal the Sampo back from

THE EAGLE: GERITIANIC TRIBES

gain, and, ifa situation comes up where he is without food, he
will have very little trouble finding any. A useful tool to help
things fall in his favor, the Sampo fragment is still not very
powerful as a focus. It's better as a good luck charm.

The Storyteller determines the game outcomes of the
Sampo fragments. The Storyteller can choose to have the
character find something she's looking for, or have a check for
an Ability go her way once in a while. Luck is fickle, and the
mage may carry the Sampo fragment and not have any luck for
theentire duration ofa confrontation with an enemy, and then
end up finding a $50 bill on the ground as she stumbles home.

Pohjola. As they fled in their ship, the mistress of Pohjola
pursued the men in the form of a giant hawk, and the Sampo
was smashed in the battle and fell into the sea.

Some say that several pieces of the artifact washed up on
the shores of Finland, giving the country great wealth and
prosperity. Many pieces are said to remain in the sea.

The pieces of the Sampo look like brightly colored
pottery with a frame of iron. A mage who comes into posses-
sion of a fragment will find he has increased luck, monetary

Three doves take counsel,
a | Take counsel as how to create the world.
$ im] "Let us plunge to the bottom of the sea.

Bee] Let us gather fine sand;

Let us scatter fine sand,

Fj] That it may become for us black earth.
g Let us get golden rocks;
ij Let us scatter golden rocks.

Let there be for us a bright sky,
A bright sky, a shining sun,
A shining sun and bright moon,
A bright moon, a bright moming star,
A bright moming star and little starlets.

—Mykhailo Petrovych Drahomaniv, Old Russian Christ-
mas Carol
GERITIANIC TRIBES

The Germanic peoples are difficult to track in early
histories, as they did not define their world by natural fron-
tiers or national borders. The tribes moved freely around
much of Europe, mingling with the Norse, the Slavs, the
Frankish people and even the early Celts.

When the Holy Roman Empire encompassed the Ger-
manic lands, many of the people were Christianized, but some
shamans still practiced as late as the 19 century in some smaller
towns. There is evidence of shamans practicing their spiritual
magic even before modem Wiccans and Druids built their
shrines to the Great Mother Goddess and the Horned God.

Legend has it that magic first came to these people when
a woman was gathering mushrooms. A sudden rainstorm
came upon her, and she ran beneath a tree, removing her
clothes and bundling them up so they would not get wet.
After the storm passed, she dressed and returned to her
gathering. A god came across her and wanted to know what
magic she had used to remain dry in the storm. She agreed to
tell him, provided he agreed to tell herall of his magic secrets.
He revealed all, and was understandably quite angry when he

SINGING BY ITI@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMANISIN

"WMT S aS
Wad dep baat oa!
Wa es ee

rh

i AA

vr, i tt ‘

realized he'd been tricked. But the damage had been done,
and the first Slav had Awakened.

The Germanic shamans focused on death and rebirth,
using their animal totems to guide them into spiritual death,
leading them to the Umbra, and trusting them to bring them
back for spiritual rebirth. The shamans put animals in high
regard, and considered them manifestations of their gods,
beings closer to the spirit world than mere humans.

The people of the Polish and western Russian towns
often respected their resident sorcerer, the man they called
the koldun (women were koldun'ia). They were important
figures in these small towns in medieval and post-medieval
times, and were sought after for healing charms and blessings
of fields. The kolduny were poor and landless, their only
"possession" being their magical and herbal knowledge. They
bargained this power with the townsfolk to manage their
modest lifestyles, and received honored guest status at many
events and dinners. One of their main social duties was to
honor weddings with their attendance.

While they did sell themselves as healers and prophets,
some of the most common magic the kolduny performed was
either the spoiling curse or protection from another shaman's
curse. People feared their tempers, and if a koldun was slighted
or insulted, he often would cast the spoiling curse on his
offenders. This Effect was mischievous in nature: ruining
crops, causing calves to be born with two heads, or cursing a
happy couple's wedding day.

The kolduny became scarce in later days when the peas-
ants got braver and would blame any bad thing that happened
to them on these sorcerers. Many of these shamans were
beaten or killed by angry mobs, whether they had anything to
do with the misfortune or not.

The medieval Slavic peoples also worshipped animal
totems. They felt it taboo to slay a totem animal (except in
religious ceremonies), believing that each person had an
animal twin, and if that twin wasslain, then the person would
die as well.

Te

vi

vy
e4F

sass! ba tas
baat Hat


vy
A]

;
‘

Qt

siPf>

(ij
Vf

i — wr
— =e
aie

»

R@LE @F THE GERITIANIC SHAITIAN

The Germanic shamans are perhaps the closest to the
core definition of "shaman" of all the Europeans considered
here. Taking their role of psychopomp seriously, the shamans
mapped out the Umbra and various ways to travel there. The
kolduny took on the social responsibility of medicine man and
honored elder of the village when they would heal the
populace and bless — or curse — weddings.

By studying their histories and applying them to today's
magic, a mage can learn more about the Umbra, spirit guides
and the totems — especially the Eagle, the guise in which
shamans can pass through to the Umbra. Today's mages may
also discover that the old gods are not dead. They are merely
waiting for their time to come again.

GERITIANIC R@TES
EAGLE FORT [ © eee [TIIND, © SPIRIT]

Some warrior shamans will use animal forms to aid them
in battle, but the spirit guides also had a favorite animal shape
to take. The sages would shapechange their astral forms to
facilitate their trips to the Umbra, slipping effortlessly through
the worlds in the astral guise of an eagle. The mage who
masters this rote has easier passage through Umbral pericarps
— the Gauntlets between Umbral realms.

\

s

%

paegh

 . *

~_- a Tl —

System: This is a modified form of Astral Projection
(Mage, p. pp. 178-179) where the mage calls upon the power
of Eagle and assumes his shape. This allows him greater ease
when passing any Gauntlet or Umbral barrier: each success
on the rote casting subtracts one from the Gauntlet level for
that mage. If this reduces the Gauntlet below one, then the
barrier does not exist for that mage. This rote is coincidental.

Spirit-Talker: Trickster eee, Wise One #ee,

SP@ILING [ ee ENTROPY, e® LIFE]

While the kolduny, the shamans of Eastern Europe, were
considered respected members of society in the towns that they
served, they are also well known for the mischief they caused when
they were displeased. Unfairly or not, they often showed their
displeasure with the Sleepers they aided by spoiling. People consid-
ered ita very bad idea to not invite the koldun toa wedding, because
they would react to the insult by showingup anyway and cursing the
happy couple (or the negligent parents) with anything from crop
failure to sick livestock to a lack of children in the marriage.

The use of such magic today may seem archaic when there
are so many other Effects to cast on a rival or enemy, but it is
amazing how much one small curse can disrupt another's life,
Cursing an enemy with fumbling fingers so that they drop foci,
mishandle components, or simply trip while trying to run can
be more effective and frustrating than causing physical damage.

-

ae = nen" , y yp
Test ell bres AK aS

i
A

128 DEAD ITlaaic Il
fet a (ear | ey ' fey,
ys Se he hae een hae!
rs eo 44 oe ee af.‘ ‘ ri ou fl

Bere ad

' 4

. LY fi aT a

-* t |
"4 Cans hor Re
| tie ' i id ta" } pA ; Le r
el ‘"d-e ay ia tects Td ety oh YT at i}
al asta "S""fewtw « fie

a)

'
fe
1 | Peed Be
seal

call, "f ‘
‘ * yh al Nhe +,

a Bn

" wa - = - = —
. te

[Galle RAE

—-\!
a. + «|

—_

The emotional damage of suddenly being unable todo what has

come so naturally for years can have impressive effects.

System: Life magic is used to assume the shape of a wolf (as : aij
in the Mutate Form Effect, Mage revised, p. 171), but Mind is

System: Entropy is used to bring bad luck to the target
while Life alters their crops, cattle or chickens. This rote is
coincidental; there are usually a lot of rational explanations

for such bad luck.
Spirit-Talker: Trickster eeee.

used to retain human consciousness. This rote is Vulgar.

Spirit-Talker: Trickster eeeee,

Wet ie
NS AT

a

_—
: -—_
WOLF FORT [ ecce | IFE ce ITIND] The phrase "European Shamanism' is a rather large e
Germanic shamans had many uses for the shapechange category that encompasses many separate cultures. We
cover several in this chapter, but because of inevitable i

beyond simply shifting into an animal's shape. Leaving the air
to their more spiritually minded brethren, the warriors pre-
ferred to take the shape of earth-bound creatures built for
battle, such as the wolf. They were stronger in battle because
of it, taking the innate power of the creature.

In the warrior-shaman initiation and in general practice,
the shaman would actually lose herself in the shapechange,
allowing her mind to be taken over by the animal form, to have
a better understanding of the totem and the way to use its gifts.

While we do attempt to be as historically accurate as
possible, some mysteries in this world are simply unan-
swered, and will probably remain so forever. No one is sure
who built Stonehenge — for that matter, many of the
mounds and standing stones of the British Isles lack any
clue as to whocreated them —or why they were built. The
rumors range from African giants carrying the stones to
Ireland and building it there (only to have it dismantled
and moved to England by Merlin), to thousands of early

Belt and Pictish slaves. No one knows for sure.

Speaking of the Picts, they're another mystery.
These people from northern Britain (now Scotland) left
almost nothing behind to tell us about their lifestyle.
Historians have speculated about their language, their

tanding stones, their practices, and still almost nothing

is agreed upon. Were they from Russia? Ireland? Gaul?
Finland? Several signs point in different directions.

To speculate correctly about these issueg»would
require us to have more archeological information than'
all archaeologists and historians out there. So we do

at we can.

When dealing with ancient magic, practices and
liefs, we use what historical information we have, and
then take it in the direction that fits the fictional world.
As we remind you often, this is a game, and what is
written here may eventually part from reality. This is a
work of fiction, and artistic license was taken, guesses
were made and rules were created for the game. Just af
you can accept the make-believe Verbena and Sons.of
ther, you can surely accept the magical theories of the
shamans' mysteries.
Work with us here.

space restrictions, we had to leave some out. If you have
a love of a certain flavor of shamanism and want to
incorporate other myths, epics or magic into your
chronicle, don't let the limitations of this chapter stop
you. Here is a list of other venues to study if you want to
delve further into mythic European shamanism:

Oisin, Fionn mac Cumhaill's son, made a name for
himself apart from his famous father. He was a bard of
some renown —+ it's said he penned most of the legends
about Fionn —and was approached by Niamh, anymph;

yho invited him to Tir Nan Og. He remained with her
br 300 years as her lover, and had many adventures,
rescuing maidens and defeating demons. He returned to
Ireland when he became homesick. Niamh warned him
not to leave the back of his steed and touch the ground,
but he fell from his horse and was transformed into an
old, blind man. He sank into a depression when he
discovered the state of the country since his father's
influence had departed, and refused to follow St. Patrick
into Christianity because he couldn't follow a god who
didn't recognize Fionn's power.

Mad Sweeny was an Ulster king who offended the
wrong person and was shapechanged into a»bird for
punishment, doomed to spend the rest of his life bitterly
looking for solace. He flitted from tree to tree, condemn-

ing all humans who cut his boughs away, took his food,

led generally happy lives while he was so miserable.
He spent his time lamenting his pain in verse. His tale is
told in the poem Sweeny Astray.

Berserkergang was.part of the European shaman's
bag of tricks, especially those shamans dabbling in the
arts of the warrior. These warrior-mages would lose sense
of all but the fight, taking hold of an animal spirit —
usually Bear or Wolf — and using it to fight wildly.
Beowulf is commonly thought to have summoned ber-

serker strength to beat the demon Grendel barehanded j

for instance.
The Mabinogi was a collection of Welsh adven

tures consisting of four tales about Pwyll, Prince 6

Dyfed, Branwen, daughter of Llyr, Manawydan, son of
Llyr, and Math son of Mathonwy. These epics are full of
shapechanging initiation rituals and mysterious weap-

r
;
'

a
%»

AF Ay LAS =
TS

¢

f

/
\
a

ax:

r

a

CP
a
ran,
abe

v
|

"3
cue

-—sea re

A.
ae
~ +
~
ee

~~

rae BY ITI@@NLIGHT: amen SHAITIANISITI 129
sth i r
Had PEA spanitient | na taeitae bylyifie:
|

Pheer RMA ATRL Se EN eae
"ttl ed, I Vath fats yet gle (=. el bg id» 1h Te i Tepe aly UE ull
flee Sage TS gist 8 ee robe Ck Deg bh OP Pay e

SACRED BULL HIDE
Level 2 Artifact

The bull was often seen as a symbol for strength and
power, but the hide of one was also used as a divination tool.
Shamans would eat the raw flesh of the bull, drink its blood
and sleep under the hides of these sacred totem animals.

While sleeping, the shaman would have a dream and receive
inspiration or have a question answered. The hides were well
preserved, and a few have even lasted until today. They were
perhaps passed down through families — they may even be
owned by those who do not know their power. Sleeping
underneath one may give a mage a peek into the future, but
like all divining toolsand Effects, she may not be able to figure
out what the dream means before it's too late.

T@DAY'S ITIAGES AND YESTERDAY'S SHAITIANS

Each dream finds at last its form; there is adrink for
every thirst, and love for every heart. And there is
no better way to spend your life than in the unceas-
ing preoccupation of an idea — of an ideal.
—Gustave Flaubert, Correspondence (vol.
1, letter, Jan. 14, 1857, to Elisa Schlesinger)
When looking at the history of the conti-
nent of Europe during the time shamanism was
widely practiced — which could be said to
stretch from the time before Christ to around the time of the
late dark ages — one must infer history from epic stories and
poems of the time. Much history and knowledge was lost as
Christianity swept up through Europe, destroying the "hea-
thens," burning their recorded past and driving their oral
traditions underground.

Luckily, such stories and poems do exist, and much of the
magic of the time is recorded in such writings. Stories and
poetry inform us of this bloody and magical era, and illustrate
how some shamans of the past used their magic.

Any power-hungry mage would want to scour European
histories for hints of the magic of ancient shamans. They
commanded powers from shapechanging to powerful divination
techniques. A shaman could put a geas on his enemy or simply
curse his enemy's spouse to become impotent. The sorcerers,
shamans and wise men of the time were revered, honored, and
feared by the populace, and epics were written about theirglories.
Such epic power can be tapped again by today's mage.

One of the strongest reasons to look to Europe for their
dead magic is to learn their techniques to traverse the Gaunt-
let. Granted, the Gauntlet wasn'tas formidable 2000 years ago,
oreven 1000 yearsago (however, Vainaméinen would describe
the Gauntlet as traveling along a bridge made of knives and
swords), but the techniques used by the shamans could possibly
be used today to make travel to the Umbra a little easier.

While Dreamspeakers of today consider the price paid to
travel the Gauntlet worthwhile to spend, the shamans of
older times used Effects specifically tailored to make the trip
less painful. The goal of reaching the Otherworld was the
point, not the pain inflicted along the way, which is ironic
considering that the pain the shamans of old would have
experienced would have been nothing compared to the
Gauntlet and Avatar Storm today's mages must navigate.

ri
sit

ypu (hate
!

The Effects used to travel to the Otherworld varied
throughout Europe, but itseems each area had a technique for
it. The Germanic tribes found that shapeshifting into an
eagle's form would lead them through the veil between the
worlds easier. Birds, particularly eagles, were seen as repre-
senting prophetic knowledge and skill, and seen as a link
between the Umbra and the physical world. Taking on the
shape of an eagle (either in physical form orastrally) made the
trip easier for some shamans. Some Welsh warriors found that
the head of Bran, one of their greatest warriors, slipped them
easily from this world to the Umbra. The Finns had a song for
just about everything, from binding a wound to stoppingadog
from barking. They preferred to feed their magic into their
musical instruments for the charms they sang. Vainamdinen
had a magical harp he used to accompany his songs. In
addition, the Irish bard Oisin, Fionn mac Cumhaill's son,
discovered that nymphs (namely Niamh) could make the trip
more pleasant for them — although returning had a price.

CHR@NICLE N@TES

Often, for undaunted courage,
fate spares the man it has not already marked.

— Beowulf (572 — 3, Seamus Heaney translation)

Now that you've read all about the epics in which much
of this old magic is chronicled, it's time to fit the shamanistic
magic into your own epic chronicle. Your mages will be
discovering powerful Wonders and finding ways to translate
old magic into the known Spheres, andas Storyteller, you will
have to orchestrate their travels.

The mere act of uncovering and learning how to use the
buried information can fuel a chronicle for some time. The
magic is not simply there for the taking; it's been covered for
hundreds — some of it for thousands — of years, and it's
unlikely it will make itself known just because your mages ask
it to. Finding the old magic of the Celts and the Germanic
tribes is not a simple issue. It is not as easy as just singing a song
out of the Kalevala. [twas the mindset of the ancientshamans,
the way they thought and the intent they had as they
manipulated the animal totems and traversed the Gauntlet
that allowed them to master the Effects they did. Today's
mage has to be in tune with that.

foe


es

—_

VI 5 Le BCAA

par a ¢

r= a

Ss \ iy
sas Be
OP <4

Waits

PRACTICAL USE£ BY Tenay's flied

Weaving the discovery of shamanistic magic and Won-
ders into a chronicle should be relatively simple for Storytellers
todo. The chronicle should include some time spent searching
for, stumbling across, or studying and learning of the ancient
magic. There are a number of ways to put your mages in the way
of information and items. Here are but a few examples:

e Ancient letters and books: In all the old writings of
many of the Traditions, there must be some moldy tomes of
forgotten lore and magic written from days gone by. The
discovery of these tomes will be step one — then the mages
in question will have to spend some time reverse-engineering
these writings into the Sphere magic of today. They might
also describe a magical item or two hidden in the countryside,
and what may be guarding them....

e Experimentation: The Kalevala and many of the Irish
epics describe how a shaman would perform magic in more
detail than most myths. A mage could study these epics and
attempt the same effects using the power at hand. However,
this is dangerous and could end disastrously. A mage would
have to be brilliant or insane to attempt it. One cannot just
sing a song out of the Kalevala and expect it to work; there is
much lost in the very mindset of this dead magic that must be
recovered before the Effects are mastered again.

© Old hermit in the cottage: Are you sure all of the old
magic is lost? We know there are mages that do not follow the

ES Se,

not-quite-so-Vulgar way will come up empty handed. The
universe still notices when something is happening that
shouldn't be, and won't stop to consider whether it's a classic
Effect from the good old days or not. Paradox is still doled out
with regard to the usual rules.

However, one thing the European shamans do give us are
several tools for divination. Fionn mac Cumhaill ate the
salmon of wisdom, the Welsh spoke to the head of Bran, and

a

STORYTELLER 'S NOTE:
Bes ITIASTERS THE SALITION-LEAP

Let's say your player, Bob, wants his mage to attempt
CiiChullain's salmon-leap. We have no officially writ-
ten rote for that. He thinks he has researched his myths
and Irish folklore enough to have an idea. You can sit
down with him and help him work out the Effect.

Make sure you cover exactly what the Effect will do.

n the case of the salmon-leap, the mage must know
exactly how high and far he wishes to go. Is there any
other benefit to this Effect? (For example, CuChullain
was said to do his salmon-leap across the magical lands
and get wiser with each leap.)

You will also need to assure yourself that the mage
has a good understanding, not only of the Sphere(s) of
magic used, but the very mindset needed to connect with

'
-
:

Traditions and prefer to follow the old ways — and we're not how the shamans of old approached their magic. If not =
then it is unlikely the Effect will succeed. Accomplish- "4
talking about the weird Hollow Ones either. Surely there's hese Effects takes full und Steyr of Low: Sh dc
someone out there who still knows trick or two of the o* vakorwnes ‘3 ia ht just i 1 * vi . | mi
ancients, and wishes to find an apprentice to pass it on to? Bens Peewee oP ing ee ee sh *
Effect at Prime 4 will cause something similar to happen 3

© Time magic: Cultists of Ecstasy and other users of Time
may scoff at all of this research. Why look it up when you can just
takea peek back and see how it was all done? The Masters of Time
magic have the power of time travel, and if they want to risk the
dangers of extreme Paradox and the possibility of forcing them-

doesn't cut it.

You will need to determine the consequences for a
botched Effect as well. Does the mage leap high but then
incur falling damage on the way down? Howsevere is the
Paradox backlash? These details aren't something you

selves into a different timeline, they can attempt to discover the , re
; necessarily need to discuss with your player, as the mag "
secrets of the shamans with the magic they command today. ; cL
a : wouldn't know the consequences of a failed Effect when va
¢ Spirit help: It's the magic of the shamans that the mages TALS ts

are searching for; one obvious place to look would be to the
spirits themselves. Contacting an old spirit and convincing it
to help in searching for and learning the ways of the old
shamans would be a good place to start. This, of course, implies
that the spirit in question will be able or willing to help.

¢ Local flavor: The wisdom and myths of small commu-
nities die slowly, and yet today's short-attention-span world
largely ignores them and their stories. Sniffing around small
villages may reward mages with some legends of kolduny of
old, rumors of what is buried underneath the standing stone

treading on new magical ground,

self has connected with her for the purpose of reawakening
this magic within her. This could be a simple and happy
coincidence and the mage could use the Avatar's guidance as
a way to learn. More often than not, however, it is likely the
Avatar will have an agenda in making sure the mage becomes
well versed in the old ways. These reasons for manifesting may
not be good and wholesome; it could encompass revenge or a
continuation of an ancient nefarious plan.

=

pas

down the ‘i or = = a gs that still lives and guards PARAD®X, VULGARITY, We VI. "
a treasure bigger than Beowulf'. AND THE @LD W/AYS me | bed)

e Avatars and reincarnation: In rare circumstances, a
mage may find herself connected to her past self — a Finnish
shaman or Irish warrior — in the guise of her Avatar. The past

Sadly, mages who investigate shamanistic magic in order
to circumvent Paradox or find a way to do Vulgar magic in a

[n=
ur

we
a

one > %
zit ,
= .
——

Sas BY [TI@@NLIGHT: GUR@PEAN SHAMANISM = 131,
' "y A mia
viel nA ert Wey Yr rata raitag rN "yi avr Sy Way' Bey Ae tie .
aay ‘ i 4 ) hy ee ' hye — : gu oa" "fi. eee nS a, ei Le >
oie dt Veh fai ne ea Psa ee cathe Sec yay! SP Rey ke ae

the Finns asked questions of spirits lounging in a sauna. Tools
and Effects of divination are fairly harmless to the universe;
it is only how you react to the answers you receive that
concerns Paradox.

Tools for traversing the Gauntlet and avoiding the
Avatar Storm are, however, available from the shamans.
Taking the "soulflight" was a common occurrence, and mak-
ing it easy on the soul was a goal the shaman didn't take
lightly. Studying the ways of the shaman should allow a mage
to manage the trip to the Umbra much in the way a Storm
shield helps them.

SToeRY Heeks

These story hooks should help get you started forming
ideas on where you want to take your mages as they learn the
Effects and discover the secrets and Wonders of the ancient
shamans. These can initiate your mages into questing for
ancient Wonders, investigating crimes 2000 years old (Ro-
man invasion, anyone?), or, most importantly, discovering
ways the secrets of the shamans can be used to aid in the
problems mages face today.

Shaman Initiation All Over Again

The Dreamspeakers have done their best to keep track of
the old ways, but even theyare surprised to learn the extent that
ancient shamanistic workings have been lost. As what was old
becomes new again, the Dreamspeakers will try to incorporate
the old magic into current training of new shamans.

Best fora small group, this story starts out with the mages
becoming students again, attempting to learn the new/old
ways discovered bya mentor willing to teach. The mentor will
teach them the old divination techniques and the discipline
learned from the forced shapechange.

When the training is complete, the chronicle can take
many different directions. A Storyteller can send the mages
on a quest to uncover a Wonder, carry a message to the
Umbra, or discover more hidden skills and magic.

Possible Problems: Shamans are not people who find it
easy to work in groups. The Dreamspeakers are the most
solitary Tradition, and getting them to congregate and follow
a mentor is not a problem to be brushed aside. Also, the
Storyteller must deal creatively with a mixed group getting
instruction from a mage in a Tradition clearly not their own.

The Man Behind the Curtain

The ancient magic of the shamans of Europe is making
itself apparent in the world again, almost as if someone is
subtly causing it to happen. Oh, sure, the mages that stumble
across this magic often feel as if it were their knowledge and
skills — or their clever manipulation of those who possessed
the knowledge initially — that brought it about. However, if
they could stand back and view the larger picture, it would
start to become obvious that they are being manipulated into
discovering magic and items longs since thought dead. Lately,

deg Bn il

tat.

books, ancient letters and clues toward uncovering items do
seem to fall into the mages' hands coincidentally...

While it is exciting for mages to find new uses for the
familiar Spheres, and maybe run across a Wonder or two, the
mage with an eye on her Ascension might want to find out
what or who is behind all of this, and why it is important for
the magic of the shamans to reenter the world.

One of the mages in question, it will be revealed, calls
himself only Conchobar, and resides in a small port town in
Wales. If your mages are clever enough to discover him and
gain an audience with him, they will have only found the tip
of the iceberg. Conchobar indeed has orchestrated the re-
emergence of these discoveries — at least, some of them.
What hisagendais, however, isanyone's guess, much less who
he's working for, ifanyone. A Storyteller may take this in any
direction he likes. He should keep in mind, though, that the
grander the conspiracy, the better.

Possible Problems: Conchobar should not be too easy to
find. He's an expert at subtle machinations; he will leave a
very faint trail. Once found, it will take some clever dealings
to gain an audience with him. This chronicle can easily
become too difficult for a group of mages, and the Storyteller
will have to expertly maneuver the dealings to the correct
difficulty level: you don't want the mages to find it too easy,
but you don't want it too difficult either.

Not the One

While some mages quest for the mysterious Conchobar
(or other mysterious benefactors who are aiding their quest
for old magic), others find themselves encountering oddly
dangerous situations as they try to uncover the secrets of the
shamans. There are too many roadblocks to make one assume
that it's coincidence; someone is trying to stop them from
finding out things.

As they try to learn more, the danger gets more insistent
and perilous, going from simple traps to angry spirits. Who is
setting the watchdogs on the mages? Is it possible that the
same Wolf who is pushing some mages towards the truth is
pushing others away? Why? Does he not find them worthy? Is
there someone among them who is pushing them into danger?

The mages must negotiate this chronicle with great care,
as it is difficult to deal with something hostile when you do
not know what you did to offend. The traps and dangers
should get worse and worse, possibly culminating in the
mages being captured and interrogated by angry spirits if they
get too close to an answer to, well, anything.

Note: These are not the normal guardians or roadblocks
a mage will encounter while searching for a Wonder or a
reluctant mentor to teach the old ways. These mages will be
facing trials or falling into traps before they even begin to
smell that they're following a trail.

Possible Problems: Your mages must remain completely in
the dark during this chronicle; they will sometimes know they


are getting close to something before they are stopped, but more _ ing chronicle if handled poorly, so make sure to give your party ;
often than not, they will be stopped for no apparent reason. a small victory now and then, even it isin the guise of informa-
Keeping your mages entirely in the dark can make for afrustrat-_ tion dropped by an Agent as the Agent is kicking their asses.

SINGING BY ITl@@NLIGHT: EUR@PEAN SHAMIANIST — 133

4 Bh epyat ty
Say Mk Babu tan tt \
ton, HM hha

Weiss Mayr PAR YEL SAP PTY by

ian ' { jv
Cr Pa ae SF 0

ats we



nv

"4
en ys

fy

BT RE TR OR TR

FT TL Te TR Mee Te OE TR OE MTR

Most Learned Acar yas,

What follows is an annotated journal of my Hermetic Maraboutl-mate's recent adven-
ture in Ital y with his apprentice. He was directed to go there by the so called Sphinx, or
Rogue Council, that has so recent! /y had the Traditions in such an uproar. Knowing how
the operations of this new player in Tradition politics might be of interest to you, I
requested he keep this journal that I might pass on what was learned to you, my masters.
Included are copies of my letters to Mr. Alexander, sent to aid him in his investigation
aswell as a forwarded transeri pl of the original message left For me by the Sphinx, as
recorded by the Virtual Adept Darlana Newcast/e.

%

Sincerely,
Dr. Mareus Jackson

Onthe Road to Etruria
Journal of Gawain Alexander

At Marcus recommendation, I ve begun a journal recording my experiences onsite here in Italy as a cat s paw of the
mysterious Sphinx. Let me state right up front that I don t trust this enigmatic benefactor that has the rest of the Traditions
jumping on its bandwagon. In my experience, if someone doesn t want you to know who he or she is, that person has
something to hide that, were you to know it, would preclude you from working with said person. But the cabal had its vote,
and I m no shirker. But really, the most I expect to come home with is a whole lot of nothing and an I told you so.

Day One February 3, 2003

Jezand I landed at da Vinci International Airport with no mishaps and stayed for the night at Rome s Hotel Delle Muse.

Tomorrow, we Il join a group traveling from the capital to Tarquinia to tour the Etruscan ruins there.

Tre Lest EMPIRE £TRURIA = 135

on #,tt8 mi

4
Li


Day Two February 4, 2003

I hate to say it, but maybe the Sphinx was on to something. While touring the ruins, we were shown to an area where
archaeologists from the University of Rome are currently excavating a burial site dating to the time of the Roman republic.
Suddenly, one of the archaeology students jumped up, calling for his teacher, a Professor Massimo Pallottino///
Using the magic at my command, I was able to overhear their conversation. They droned on about the archaeological
significance of the fragment of pottery the young man had found, but the gist of what they discussed led me to believe that
both professor and student were Awakened and that whatever was buried in that field held an almost religious significance
to the two of them.

Needless to say, my apprentice and I decided to remain in Tarquinia rather than to return to Rome with the tour group.
Some subtle mind magic made sure we wouldn t be missed.
Day Three February 5, 2003

Using documentation produced by Dr. Jackson, Jez and I were able to secure jobs on the dig site, myself under the guise of
an associate professor of history at Harvard University and Jez as an undergraduate student from that same institution. I noticed
that the dig had shifted its focus from the previous day, Instead of working over the large area it had been sifting through yesterday,
the team now seemed concentrated on the section of the site where the student had uncovered his potsherd the day before. Before
lunch, the remainder of the amphora to which the potsherd belonged had been uncovered. Apparently, the vase was part of a
funerary offering to one of the 12 /ucumones, or high priests, of ancient Etruria. The hope was to find the priest s tomb intact.
Day Four February 6, 2003

The second day on the job, and no sign of this lost tomb. I ve been reading feelings of anxiety radiating from Professor
Pallottino, but you could never tell by looking at the guy. He s cool as a cucumber when you talk to him. Professional but
terse. I ve become rather chummy with Dr. Lucrezia della Passaglia, however, an associate of Pallottino s from the
University of Rome who s also working the dig site.?/
Day Five February 7, 2003

Still no sign of the tomb, though more artifacts from the period continue to turn up, Della Passaglia was able to convince the
professor to accompany the two of us to a local bistro for dinner. While he seems polite enough, I m getting a bad vibe from this
guy. Lucrezia and I joked, ate, drank wine and basically had a good night out. With Pallottino, though, you could tell he was too
preoccupied to have a good time. He said little and ate less, excusing himself not long after dinner, claiming that he had to get a
good night s sleep for work tomorrow. But tomorrow s Saturday. The dig shuts down over the weekend. While I m sure the
university requires a fair amount of paperwork from the good professor, I got the distinct impression he was eager to get away from
Dr. della Passaglia and myself. I wonder if he suspects something about me. Nothing to do but wait and see, I suppose.

F SPHI632..O3-x ‘
& Date received: ~ 1/03 5; sa —
» Format: chalkboard Physical evidence: photograph

Primary recipient: Dr. Marcus Jackson © Recipient Tradition: Euthantos

# Witnesses: 0 Identities: none

Sphinx present: Y Sphinx form: drawn on chalkboard

Tracking attempted?: Y Tracking successful?: N

Delivery: Dr. Jackson reports that he discovered the text written on the blackboard of his classroom late Saturday
afternoon while stopping by to set upa slideshow presentation forthe following Monday. He himself had erased the board
after Friday's classes and was taken aback to learn thatsomeone had not only broken into a well-patrolled campus building

butalso knew somehow that Jackson was a mage, Working as hé does educating ‘Sleeper university students, Dr. Jackson';

"has been quite careful to avoid unwanted scrutiny for fear of attracting Techndcrati¢ interest.
~ "Transcript: (corroborated by photographic evidence) Something dark rises from Etruria, thestillborn cradle of f
Pallottino. Do not go yourself to face this shade, lest its darkness swallow you. Let the knight and his squite tide forth ro"
meet the dark, Celtic dawn versus Tyrthenic dusk. From darkness' fallcomes illumination. Enigma takes you where dogma
cannot. We do not create the path to Ascension; we explore it.

Comments: Dr. Jackson's cabal features a Hermetic mage named Gawain Alexander, thought to be the knight
mentioned in the Rogue Council's correspondence. He left for Italy the following day, his apprentice Jezebel Lee (the
squire?) in tow. The outcome of the two's investigation remains unknown.

136

; Deap ITlAcic Il

in ie ae ees vel

‘


ce | enti tf A" ge .
TL Hr Loe mae TD Lay ivr rbd WEN ti
ery Cot fig (hs

Day Six February 8, 2003

Spent the day exploring the Etruscan necropolis with Jez. Some of the tombs are incredibly ornate, with beautiful painted
frescoes of life in ancient Etruria. The structures are built like little apartments for the dead, very similar in layoutto the homes
they might have had in life. Like in Egyptian burials, many common items were interred with the deceased, apparently so
he or she would have them in the afterlife. Some items, rather than being actually entombed themselves, were instead painted
into the scenes on the tomb walls. Evidently, the presence of these artistic representations was enough to guarantee their
presence in the Etruscan underworld. Weird, but cool.

Day Seven February 9, 2003

Itook the opportunity to attend morning Mass at the church of Santa Maria in Castello today, then I spent the day exploring
Tarquinia s many medieval landmarks. Nothing of supernatural import to report, but I found the city s myriad towers,
Romanesque churches and scenic gardens a refreshing break from digging in the nearby necropolis. One site that I found to
be of particular relevance was the tower of Dante Alighieri, where the poet dwelled fora time after he was exiled from his native
Florence. There was no evidence on hand to corroborate this theory, but I noticed that the time period that Dante dwelled here
corresponded to when it was commonly believed he may have begun work on his Divine Comedy. Perhaps there is something
peculiarto the nature of this region that makes those who live here more mindful of what lies just beyond the shroud that separates,
the realm of the living from that of the dead. Or maybe I m just dwelling too much on this."

Day Eight February 10, 2003

Extremely uneventful. Violent thunderstorms kept the dig closed today. The weatherman says things should clear up
tomorrow, being overcast in the morning and sunny by the afternoon. Too bad; I m enjoying the long weekend. You can
tell Pallottino isn t happy about the delay. though. He s been tromping through the hotel in a foul mood all day. I think my
own nonchalant attitude about the whole affair only makes him that much angrier.
Day Nine February 11, 2003

Today was miserable. The dig was soaked in water, so we spent the day slogging through mud up to our knees, sweating
in the muggy heat and being eaten alive by biting flies and mosquitoes. Because of the conditions, going was slow, which failed
to please our resident martinet, Professor Pallottino. Potsherds and fragments of bronze aren t cutting it for him anymore, I
suppose. Whateverhe believes may lie in the tomb we re looking for, it must be very important or very dangerous tomake
him lose his trademark stoicism. If we don t find what we re looking for soon, I swear I m going to kill the jerk.
Day Ten February 12, 2003

Paydirt. One of the archaeology students hit what appears to be the top of the entrance to the tomb we ve been searching
for. What we d mistaken as a hill we now believe is, in fact, the tomb itself,"/ There wasn t a lot of daylight left by the time
we started excavating, but we did find a piece of pottery similar to that that found last Monday by Roderigo Sdoia (Professor
Pallottino s kind of weasely professional and I d wager magical prot g ). So, hopes are high for tomorrow.

Day Eleven February 13, 2003

Well, late this afternoon, we finished clearing the entrance of what Pallottino s started calling the Tomb of the Priest.
From what Drs. Pallottino and della Passaglia estimate (and despite what my false credentials say, I ve got no business
disputing them), the tomb dates to the fourth century BCE.' In most respects, this tomb seems to be a typical rock-cut
chamber tomb common in Tarquinia from the sixth to the fourth centuries BCE. The one unique feature of the tomb was
a golden seal placed across the tomb s double doors. On it was engraved in Latin the following message:

By order of Quintus Fabius Maximus Cunctator, consul of Rome, let no man disturb this tomb, as what lies within is
abhorrent in the eyes of the gods and the state of Rome.

Also present was a symbol featuring a stylized Roman eagle grasping what appeared to be a caduceus. Pallottino was
eager to open the tomb immediately and seemed likely to break the seal, despite objections raised by both della Passaglia
and myself. Eventually we succeeded in convincing the professor that we lacked the time to open the tomb and begin
cataloging whatever lies inside before the sun set, so he grudgingly agreed to wait to open the tomb until work resumed on
Monday. I m glad we convinced him. That Il give me the weekend to prepare for whatever we might find there.

Day Twelve February 14, 2003

What is it with Italians and St. Valentines Day Massacres? Well, kudos to the professor. In stereotypical bull-headed
mage fashion, Pallottino ignored the warnings of the inscriptions, the concerns of his colleague della Passaglia and the
dictates of plain old common sense and opened the Tomb of the Priest early this morning. The problem I ve found dealing
with mages in general (and, yes, I m sure you and the rest of the cabal get this from me too) is that when one can shape reality
with one s mind, one can come to believe that makes one infallible. In other words, Of course I m right because what I
believe to be right is reality.

THE LesT €mPIRe: ETRURIA

hr vey

"VEO os tgif

‘ug
Vik


Case in point, Professor Hubris here. Pallottino goes out to the dig site Friday night with his apprentice, that Sdoia kid.
Luckily, I d had Jez keep an eye on the kid, so she calls me on my cell phone to tell me they re making their move. By the
time we got to the dig, you could practically feel the bad mojo _ goose bumps, cold sweat, the works. It s dark, I guess they
kept the halogen lights off so as not to attract attention. That s OK. A couple phrases in Enochian, and I m good to go. While
I m fiddling with that, I have Jez check out the Umbra, specifically the Dark Umbra. You know I don t go in for that ooga-
booga crap, but I got a bad feeling the professor and his apprentice might (probably because they remind me a lot of you,
Marcus).

I could tell by the color leaving Jezebel s face that | wasn t going to like what she had to tell me. Before she even got
around to that, she yanked the Seal of Solomon out from under her shirt and proceeded to chant in Enochian what I recognized
as some kind of warding incantation against the Restless Dead. It looks like someone s been fooling around in my library
while I m away. Still, whatever the source of the rote, after I linked my mind with Jez s to get a lay of the spirit land, as it
were, I was glad for it. I could make out the dimensions of the spirit ward only because the warded zone was the only part
of the dig not crawling with fucking spectres. I guess I know now where the creepy feeling came from.

This sure as hell didn t bode well. Jez and I decided, with reservations, to make our way to the Tomb of the Priest and
see if Pallottino and Sdoia had made it inside. The tomb s entrance had been forced open, the Latin seal split and cast aside.
Idiots. A soft glow of light, probably from the archaeologists flashlights, poured forth from inside the mausoleum, With
little choice in the matter, Jez and I prepared to step through the doorway and into the tomb proper.

Suddenly, young Mr. Sdoia burst through the doorway, bleeding profusely from his eyes and with his right arm bent
at an impossible angle. He fell at our feet screaming something about a Nesna Nethshrac being alive but not alive. I m
sure he was saying more, but between his excitement and fear and my limited command of Italian, that s what I got out of
it. I ll never be able to get any more from him as he passed away from his injuries, and from fright, mere moments later.

This turn of events brought me up to DefCon Four. Apparently, there was some undead thing in this tomb, one powerful
enough to take down an experienced mage and his apprentice (1 assumed Pallottino didn t just allow his student to be
murdered after all). Given the number of spectres buzzing around and talk of the undead, I thought maybe we were looking
at facing a vampire necromancer like that one we ran across back in Boston.

That Il teach me to jump to conclusions. But I m getting ahead of myself.

Jez and | cautiously very cautiously entered the tomb, me clutching my .50 Desert Eagle, her the Seal of
Solomon on the cord around her neck. Inside, | saw what appeared to be a pale older gentleman ina toga exchanging heated
words in a language I couldn t understand, Etruscan I imagine, with Professor Pallottino, who was suspended in midair
above the older man. Jez had me look at things through her eyes again and I could see that, rather than merely floating
in midair, the archaeologist was being held aloft by two of the dig s myriad swarming spectres. I couldn t help but notice
how the spectres resembled the blue demons painted on several of the necropolis tombs, including this one one of
the archaeologist s discarded flashlights cast its light on a scene of torment painted centuries ago that eerily mirrored what
Jez and I were now witness to.

The two men seemed oblivious to our presence, engrossed as they were in their argument. Given my limited Etruscan
vocabulary, I think maybe Pallottino was trying to convince the other man that he was nota foreigner, or maybe it was servant,
from Rome but a fellow Etruscan. Maybe it was the professor s clothes or his accent, but the other man_ I can only guess
this was the Nesna Nethshrac fellow Sdoia was talking about wasn t buying it. ‘©' The two spectres holding Professor
Pallottino pulled hard on both of the archaeologist s arms and I heard and saw the right one pop out of joint. Jez gasped at
this, and the sound drew Nethshrac s attention. All I understood of what the older man said were the Etruscan words for

foreigner, sacred offering, and Charontes, the servants of the Etruscan death god Charun. given that the two spectres
hurled themselves against Jez s barrier, | m guessing that s what the Etruscans called these guys.

When the spectres impacted the ward, Jez s Seal of Solomon began to glow softly. Nethshrac caught sight of the
medallion and went absolutely ballistic. Screaming at the top of his lungs, he whirled on Professor Pallottino. Again, I didn t
get most ofit, butI got priests and Turms, the Etruscan name for the Greek god Hermes. He called us priests of Hermes.
He knew what we were, and he didn t seem happy to make ouracquaintance. (You dbe surprised how many ancient creatures
really dislike the Order, Marcus. Then again, maybe you wouldn t be.) The professor raised his left arm, and pleaded with
theoldman Limagine formercy butto no avail. Nethshrac pointed his finger at Professor Pallottino and began to recite
something in Etruscan. In response, the archaeologist began to scream wildly, writhing on the floor in agony. Maybe two
seconds later, he exploded into acloud of dust. This was magic honestto God Awakened magic. This wasn t some vampire
freed from two and a half millennia of entombment. With crystal clarity, it came to me what this thing must be. A liche. A
murderous liche with a mad on for the Order of Hermes. Of which I was a member. And he was now aware of that fact.

; Deap Mack Il
vista | Wy VEL!


= An

Apparently, this guy somehow knew about the Order of Hermes, despite the fact that it would be over a millennium after ; Sue
the fall of Etruria before the Tradition was founded, and he wasn t fond of it.'7' I could feel him gathering some serious
amounts of Quintessence up around himself, and I figured he was about to do to me and Jez what he d just done to that poor
son of a bitch Pallottino. Just then, rot started literally erupting on this guy like he d contracted the granddaddy of all cases
of leprosy. I guess this might have been the guy s first taste of modern Paradox. Welcome to the 21st century, jackass. I d
been itching for an excuse to try out this rote a buddy of mine from House Flambeau had e-mailed me. A dash of Prime, a
whole lot of Forces_add the hollow-point round from a high-caliber handgun, and what have you got? A bisected cadaver
that should just lie down if it knows what s good for it. From the look on its face, it was pretty obvious that they didn t have
things like this where he was from. I d never seen a corpse look surprised before. God willing, I never will again.

I would have finished the bastard off, but by that time, he wasn t the only one with a Paradox problem. Luckily, I don t
think he had any idea how badly I was getting reamed by backlash because he quickly tried to exercise the better part of valor
and get the hell out of Dodge. Actually, it might be fairer to say that he decided to dodge by getting to Hell. There was this
door painted on the back wall of the tomb, and I I] be damned if it didn t swing open to reveal a yawning aperture leading
into that fucking storm that s been blowing in the Dark Umbra for the last few years. Itwas obvious that this wasn tthe Greco-
Roman Underworld Mr. Toga was used to, but before he could decide whether to make the leap or not, he doubled over. I
saw his nose fall off and his eyes shrivel up in their sockets, I m just glad my apprentice s got good reflexes. She grabbed
my gun from my twitching hand (just don task stupid rote!) and squeezed off couple of shots into the liche. Even without
magic supplementing it, the Desert Eagle s got a /ot of kick to it. Nethshrac took a header across the event horizon of his
portal, and poof, he was gone. The door was back as a painting, and the spectres, for the most part, vanished. (I m guessing
those that stayed haunt these old ruins on a regular basis.)

We gave the tomb a quick once over and found a number of scrolls I imagine date back to the time of ancient Etruria,
then Jez was able to drag my sorry ass back to the hotel and get me to my room via a service elevator. Before I sleep, I want
to get these impressions down, so I m dictating this to Jez. My own fine motor control is still shot all to hell. Forgive the
entry s lack of professionalism, but I m too tired to put on airs. I hope your Acaryas will understand. It s been a long night.
Now that it s done, I m off to bed.

Some Final Thoughts from Etruria February 15, 2003

Look, I take back what I said about the Rogue Council. Whatever its motivation, the information the Council provided
was spot on. There was something dark rising here in Tarquinia, something that needed to be stopped. The Council was also
spot on about who to send. Despite your greater familiarity with both necromancy and ancient cultures, Marcus, had you
been here, you would have found yourself in the same boat as Professor Pallottino. He was facing a creature on its home
turf whose command of the necromantic arts was much greater his own. Similarly, your command of Life magic would have
been countered by the magus undead state, and any attempt by you to use Entropic effects would have attracted the swarming
specters like moths toa flame. The liche s only apparent magical deficiency was in the discipline of Forces, an area of arcane
study that is my specialty. Of the cabal, I was the one who had the best, maybe the only, chance to win against this creature.
Even Jezebel s involvement was absolutely necessary for there to be a successful outcome to this mission. Her minor talent
with Spirit magic allowed me to make my way to the tomb without being destroyed by spectres and held off said spirits long
enough for me to deal with Nethshrac. Without her, I would have been at the creatures mercy.

As itis, Nethshrac has been destroyed (I hope), and we ve gota treasure trove of Etruscan mystical lore on our hands.9"
I don t know who this Sphinx guy is, but I sure as hell don t doubt these messages validity anymore. Of course, just because
the content of the Council s messages are true doesn t mean the Sphinx is itself on the up and up. Back in my Army days,
we used to have this captain who liked to micromanage things and always keep the big picture to himself. It was always

need-to-know information, and me and my squad never needed to know anything except how to follow orders. But you
see, even on today s battlefield, you can lose an officer and be unable to safely radio base for new orders, That s what
happened to my squad in Mogadishu back in 93. Only me and two other guys made it out of that fight.

I wonder how much the Rogue Council knew about what was really going on here in Italy compared to how little was
explained to us, the guys putting our asses on the line. Certainly, had I known to expect a liche, I would have come better
prepared to combat one. Hell, had | known what was in the tomb, combat might well have been avoided in the first place.

We ll talk more about this when I get back to Boston. See you guys soon, and give Marla my love./9/

Gawain

We 1 " any yy j at As it !

fa ial at wy


) Se

(1) Dr. Massimo Pallottino is considered by many to be the worlds leading
Etruscologist. And, as I understand it, members of his Family make up some minor
branch of our Euthanatos Tradition:

(2/ I'm sure I've heard of this Dr. della Passaglia trom somewhere, bul I can't
place where.

(3/ Is it possible for a region this largeto be, for lack of a better word,
"haunted? An interesting theory, one I may investigate further when time allows.

(4) Odd that two professional archaeologists and Gawain (a professional
Sova ghee! would make such a mistake. Perhaps, given what was revealed fo be
within the tomb, it was the result of some form of magical ef fect. If that's true, for
the magie still to be operating even on sucha limited and coincidental way
2. OO wore later, The forces initially involved must have been staggering.

(S/T his would place its construction to within the time period Etruscan
Tarechna fell info Roman hands. That might explain both the seal on the door and
the contents of the tomb.

(8/ Actually, "nesna nethshrac' is Etruscan tor" prophet belonging to the dead,"
bul given that we have no idea who this gentleman might have been in life, I suppose
it's as good a name as any for him.

(71 I found this odd as well, so I did some research in the Harvard library and
in my own somewhat more esoteric one, and it seems that there was an organization,
perhaps a magically active one, operating in Rome at the time known as the Cult of
Mercury. Perhaps it was these fellows that "Nethshrac' ran afoul of and mistook
Gawain and Jezebel to be members of. Any connection to be made between this cudt
of Roman legionnaires and the modern Order of Hermes seems spurious af best.

(8/ I fear Gawain's belief that a liche that somehow survived tor over 2,000

‘s might be pp cocky an spice poet li leg the Dark Umbra is wiskbul
tenbing of best, willful self-delusion, at worst. Unfortunately, I don't
believe we've seen the last of this creature and that, as it was one of our Tradition
who released the liche, it is our responsibility to return himto his place in the
Cycle.

pees tA foak such was not to be the case. When Jezebel returned trom Ital y,
a was wil Gawain. Apparent! y, while Jezebel was out mailing me the dise
containing this very journal, Gawain was toreitl y taken trom his hotel room by a
group of armed men in black paramilitary . When she returned to the room, she
discovered it ransacked and the scrolls Gawain missing. According to one
guest Jezebel questioned who saw the men drive of f in a black Humvee, the men's
uniforms were each emblazoned with a patch of a stylized eye in a ponte Ac-
cording to the quest, the ttummer had an identical symbol on its doors. Rother
than take her scheduled t1ight back from Rome, J stowed away on a ship
leaving T arguinia tor Turkey, then tlew in two weeks later trom Istanbul.

Independent research on that symbol turns up the name Panopticon. Who or
what Panopticon is, I have no idea. If seemed to operate like the in Black, bud
whet her it 7s actually at filiated with the T echnocracy or is some new threat crawt-
ing out of the woodworks has To be determined. As for the whereabouts of our
missing friend, I don't even where to Se looking, bul I suspect that if the
information in the scrolls Gawain found is deemed "important enough by the
Sphinx, it will be letting us know where to tind him. Then, I imagine, well tind
out more than we ever wanted to know about this mysterious Panopticon.

140 Dean Macic I
ee ty

THE PEOPLE OF THE BOOK

The Etruscans were a people that lived on the
Italian peninsula in the areas now known as
Tuscany, Umbria and Latium, though they con-
trolleda trade empire that spread much further. At
its height, Etruria stretched from the Amo River
inthe north tothe Tiberin the south, and from the
Apennine Mountains in theeasttothe Tyrhenian
Sea in the west. Nor native to the area, the
Etruscans migrated from Lydia in Asia Minorsoon
after the events of the Trojan War, in the 13th century BCE.

Once there, the Etruscans under the leadership of two
Lydian noblemen, Tarchun (who the city Tarchna is named
for) and his brother Tyrrhenus (whose name became so
associated with the Etruscans they were sometimes referred to
as Tyrrhenians), established a league of 12 city-states. These
were Arretium, Caisra, Clevsin, Curtun, Perusna, Fufluna,
Veii, Tarchna, Vetluna, Felathri, Velzna and Velch.

For over 1,000 years, the Etruscans were the dominant
power in Italy, building a civilization respected even by the
Hellenistic Greeks, who found them an extremely devout
people, even if they did question the respect with which they
treated their womenfolk. In a way, the Etruscans engineered
their own downfall, as in 753 BCE, they founded the city of
Rome, which in less than 250 years expelled its Etruscan king
and less than 250 years later finished it conquest of the last of
the Etruscan city-states.

THE ETRUSCAN LANGUAGE

The language of the ancient Etruscansis one of the three
great classical languages of Italy, the other two being Greek
and Latin, but unlike the other two, no great works of
literature survive written in the Etruscan tongue. Where
there was once a great body of Etrurian literature made up of
numerous religious texts, historical works and drama, now
nothing remains but scattered remnants of text inscribed on
the bases of statues and on tomb walls.

Also differing it from the other two languages is the fact
that Etruscan is alien to the Indo-European language family.
There are no other languages living or dead to which it can
conclusively be linked except for a couple of isolated cases,
Raetic in the alps, Lemnian from the isle of Lemnos and
Camunic native to northwest Italy.

By the time of the Roman Empire, Etruscan had ceased
to be spoken, though — much as Latin would later be — it
continued to be studied by priests and scholars. As a matter
of fact, Etruscan continued to be used in a religio-mystical
context until late antiquity. The last recorded use of the
language in this context was in the year 410 CE, when
Etruscan priests were summoned, with Pope Innocent I's
grudging consent, to call down lightning upon the Visigoths
then invading Rome.

e

In the World of Darkness, Etruscan is a dead, indecipher-
able language understood only by certain members of the
Pallottino family of Euthanatos mages and the occasional elder
vampire or immortal mummy. Thus, characters will have a
hard time decoding even the simplest message in Etruscan,
much less complex holy works such as the Books of Lightning.

Despite this, afew fragments of Etruscan language survived
the fall of Etruriaasa power. The month of February, for instance,
is named for the Etruscan god Februus; what we commonly call
Roman numerals might more accurately be termed "Etruscan
numerals," asitwas the Etruscans who developed the system; and
finally, the runic alphabet of Germany, a language of mystical
import in its own right, was developed from the Etruscan
alphabet, probably passed to the German peoples through the
Etruscans' extensive trade empire.

ETRUSCAN RELIGION

The religion of Etruria had much in common with the
two other great powers of the Mediterranean, Greece and
Rome, sharing a number of similar divinities, but it remained
distinct in character. The Greeks believed that their gods
were similar in character to they themselves, subject to the
same drives and foibles of humankind. The Roman religion
was very much one based on strict rules of almost mercenary
character — ifa Roman citizen wished to receive a particular
deity's favor he would buy that favor by dedicating a votive
offering to the god in question. The Etruscans, on the other
hand, hada relationship with their gods based on submission
and placation.

The gods of the Etruscans communicated their desires to
humanity in the form various portents and omens. It was the job
of the Etruscan priesthood to interpret these signs so that the
people might avoid offending the gods and inviting their wrath.

The art of divination was revealed to the Etruscans in
a manner not unlike that of Middle Eastern faiths such as
Judaism and Zoroastrianism. One day, while plowing a field
near the river Marta in Teruria, a farmer was surprised when
adivine being in the shape of a small boy rose from the newly
ploughed furrow. The excited cries of the farmer brought
the lucomones, the Etrurian high priests, quickly to the
scene. To them, the wise child chanted the sacred doctrine
of divination, which they reverently listened to and re-
corded. Immediately after the revelation, the miraculous
being fell dead and sank again into the ploughed earth. The
boy-god's name was Tages, and he was believed to be the son
of Genius and the grandson of Tinia, king of the gods. The
Etruscan priests' record of this incident were known as the
Tagetic Books. The books outlined the rules for better
understanding the will and signs of the god and how,
through actions such as sacrifices, libations and rites, the
gods might best be propitiated.

THe LesT €mPiRE ETRURIA

ees Pa ans HOP YEN fay Hhag Mt

fm fig A

Uy MA
iat 1 . Pia : f*
ak am A Fy! af nap if

ne

ely ae ne 4

The Etruscans were the Calvinists of their time, Onalargerscale, it was believed that the gods
‘believers ina preordained destiny. Thoughsome- also prescribed the span of the Etruscan people.
e might, through prayer and sacrifice, postpone her _ cording to Etrurian religious doctrine, 10 saecula
e, the end result was inevitable. The Etruscan Latin word meaning lifetime or generation) w
\ks of Fate stated that man wasallocated acycle of allotted to the Etruscan name. This estimate prov
en times 12 years by the gods. Anyone who lived remarkably accurate, and it is often said that
t the allotted time lost the ability to understand — Etruscans predicted their own downfall.
signs of the gods.

— fromthe desk of Dr. Marcus Jackson
Dear Gawain,

The following are a number of terms that any archaeologist involved the excava-
tion of Etrurian tombs should be familiar with I suggest you commit these to
memory bef ore beginning your work on the dig site. Also enclosed is the documen-
tation you will need to secure you and J. positions on the dig.

Regards,

Dr. Marcus Jackson

Lexicon

ais: god

apa: fathe>

arim: monkey

ati: mother

atrant priest

avil: year

cecha: ritual

celu: sacred offering
cezps five

ei: three
clan: son

disciplina etrusca: the Etruscan discipline; divination
ein: them, they

etera: servant ov foreigner

fanu: sacred place

favi: grave

hinthial: soul, ghost

huth: four

in: it

lautun: family

lauxum: king

lictor: a magisterial assistant

mach: five

mech: people

mi: I

mini: me

mir: we

_ 142 Deap Macic Il

Mee i
WEY
wt

ut Ue Wah.
4


ies
at i!
at | v?

yep de

<A AZ
wae

mun: %
Mutanas saxcophagus

neftsh: nephew oz grandson
nethshrac: a divinez, or hazuspex
nes: dead pexson

nurph: nine

papa: grandfather

phersus mask or actoz

puia: wife

pulumchva: stazs

rasna:
ruva: brother

Ltxuscan

Sacnis: sanctuary
6an: ancestor
sec: daughter
semph: seven
shat six
shar:
Spur: city
sSuthi:
tamera: priest
thaur:
thu: one
tivr:
truna: power

ten

tomb

tomb

moon

trutnut: fortune teller

vers: fixe

zal:
zeri: vite

two

Zzilach: magistrate

DISCIPLINA ETRUSCA

The Etruscans were the most renowned prognosticators of
their time. Even after their League had crumbled, they contin-
ued to be consulted for their oracular skills throughout the
period of the Roman Empire, even as late as AD 410, well into
the era of Christian dominance. Much of Etrurian magical
practice revolves around the divination of future events. What
follows are several methods by which the mages of ancient
Etruria foretold the future, each with a very different feel from
the others. Thereby, players may pick and choose which is most
appropriate for their characters' paradigm.

Versions of the following spells still exist in various
caches throughout the world. Records and confiscated mate-
tials from the Roman Cult of Mercury still exist in several
ancient Hermetic Chantries (perhaps even in the ruins of
Mistridge). The Pallottino family still preserves a large num-
ber of Etruscan scrolls and artifacts in its familial estate. And
now, the Technocracy, via its new cross-Convention arm

Ps) y= TT ;

‘ pe i bo, A" Loe "f ¥ a' egg

Pe eR OTS RT TELL RT
ee alin Pe a Pe Ah Gk yk ra Be ie. eB toe FPG SKS
rt PVR Dele VE dee Dec ee bd RR Te TB Sal cytit t
eek! it "2 ft lgtal 2 sede Ue Ss eee eV of 0 ars ea

(ie

i

=
Panopticon, has impounded a veritable treasure trove of
Etruscan miscellanea from Tarquinia's Tomb of the Priest. Of
course, those mages already with a bent toward necromancy
also have the option of contacting the ghosts of the ancient
Etruscan priests themselves for instruction. And for the
desperate, there's always Nesna Nethshrac...

HEPAT@sCePY [ ee Time]

By slaughtering an animal, usually a sheep, and examin-
ing its liver, a mage may gain knowledge of the future. The
Etruscans were renowned for their ability at this form of
divination and the augurs of ancient Rome learned the art
from them, passing it down to modern times.

System: The mage seeking to learn the future ceremoni-
ally slaughters the sacrificial animal and then removes the
animal's liver. This does not require a roll on the player's part,
but if the mage has an appropriate Ability, such as Crafts
(Butchery) or Medicine, the Storyteller may, at her discretion,
allow successes gained from removing the liver to lower the
difficulty of the Arete roll to divine the future, reflecting that
the organ was removed more intact than it would have been by
an amateur. For each success gained, the character gains more
information about the future. Successes may be spent to either
see further or with more clarity. Regardless of successes, this
rote is colored both by the resonance of the sacrifice itself and
the Etruscan mindset of gloomy predeterminism. Therefore,
the information imparted to the caster of this rote tends to be
of a negative nature, tinted harbingers of gloom and doom.
Regardless of a mage's aptitude and power level, this rote is
useless to any willworker over the age of 84.

READ THE LIGHTNING
[ ee FORCES, ee TITEGR eee FORCES, #6 TIME]

A divinatory practice unique to the Etruscans was that
known as the fulmines, the interpretation of lightning, lightning
strikesand thunder. The Etruscans had anumber of sacred books,
collectively known as the Books of Lightning, concerned exclu-
sively with this art of divination. With this updated version of
this practice, a mage may use this rote to call down a lighting
strike for the purpose of foretelling the future. This strike may in
no way be directed by the mage, as it would invalidate her
attempt at prophecy. This rote has proved immensely popular
with mages who value flash above substance, especially the
willworkers of the Hermetic House Flambeau, who have at last
found a form of divinatory practice they can get behind.

System: Using Forces, the mage calls down lightning in
an effort to divine the future from the circumstances of the
strike. For the level 2 Forces effect version, this requires
stormy conditions, the level-4 version may be called any-
where. (A mage wishing to avoid Paradox, however, will wish
to avoid casting the rote in impossible places, underground,
in buildings and the like). The type of lightning produced,
whether or not it forks, the thunder accompanying it, what it
strikes and if it is destroyed and even the reaction of people

THE L@sT EMPIRE: ETRURIA 143

ee

,

."

J

&

ai}
]
-¢
‘

Wit7S

4

pete .
. te

(hire.
j i ae

i>
¢

rs //
NS

oe.

ic

a
‘

Le a
'
a

—_— seo
-

/ ie ag ee / Lae oe \
(Fa a) = alige 72
peer) ) (OH leet

 , ~

and animals to the bolt all contribute to the diviner's under-
standing. Roll Arete. For each success gained, the character
gains more information about the future. Successes may be
spent to either see further or with more clarity. The nature of
this rote links it to unexpected phenomena and events
outside of the mage's ability to predict or control that will
come to impact the mage's life in the future like a bolt out of
the blue. Regardless of a mage's aptitude and power level, this
rote is useless to any willworker over the age of 84.

ETRUSCAN NECR@ITIANCY

Apart from their ability at divination, the Etruscan
priests were best known for their facility at necromancy.
What follows isa brief example of the type of rotes the ancient
mages used as well as the spirit of reverence in which they
were designed, to give Storytellers an idea of how their own
Etruscan rotes and Effects might be presented.

THE GATE @F CULSU
[ eee SPIRIT OR © 0 0 @¢ CORRESPONDENCE,
eeee SPIRIT]

Within the ornate painted tombs of Etruria, there was
invariably worked into the frescoes a representation of a
doorway. This doorway was there to allow the spirits of the
dead a portal into and out of the Underworld. Etruscan priests
could also channel their magic through such portals to allow

WY) themselves access to the lands of the dead, that they might
! YY ty seek the council of those wise ancestors who dwelt there or
: — might travel the roads of the dead to reach places within the
~ living world that would be hard to reach by mundane means.

System: The mage draws a representation of a doorway,
it may be as ornate and permanent as those within the
Etruscan tombs or as simple and transitory as a chalk doodle.

Then the mage's player rolls Arete. With five or more

successes, the rote succeeds and a gate to the corresponding

LC point in the Dark Umbra swings wide. Five successes opens

the door for just one turn; each success beyond that allows the

mage to maintain the gate for an additional turn. The

addition of Correspondence to the mix allows the gate to
open into any part of the Dark Umbra.

THE KEY @F VANTH
[ e¢ FORCES, © ITIATTER, ¢¢ PRIME]

It was believed by the Etruscan people that the she-
demon Vanth possessed a key by which she might unlock the
tombs of the dead to deliver their inhabitants to the Under-
world. In similar fashion, by brandishing a silver key and
chanting in Etruscan, a mage using this rote calls forth the
earthly remains of the dead from their resting places to do the
"el \ bidding of the caster. Matter empowers the corpses' forms,

| A while Forces imparts mobility and Prime fuels the dead forms'
y( / SS d Patterns so they may continue without the mage's constant

\y, attention. Lacking any Mind or Spirit magic in their creation,

Cw wy' these walking dead are mindless, only able to follow simple
Jy 144 Deap Mac Il

KoSTaN
Moray

4/¥

/

atet LOWS. Cer Pe GE Fey gt He re. - ht
; + [aN i a0 y 7 asta r ay i ‘ , ys | ; ie i" a 4 : 1, . " he a: Or hee fy " fe ae a ‘ Bs
ris N i ore i 7): i qc ty a8 a ol "; Ph . f Ve lh Pe ' if . —s i I 1 es ¢ ( i

commands given them by the mage ("Kill them my shambling
minions!"). Complex orders and any semblance of tactics are
beyond these creatures.

System: Roll Arete. The player must gain four successes
for the rote to be effective, and the mage may animate an
additional body for every success gained beyond that. These
animate corpses have as many health levels as the Storyteller
sees fit (depending on the condition of the corpse and itssize),
and have Strength 2 plus 2 per additional success spent.

WINGS OF THE LASA [ee LiFe, ¢¢ © SPIRIT]

The mages of ancient Etruria made many excursions into
the Dark Umbra, seeking both knowledge and power. Named
in honor of the winged guardians of Etruscan gravesites, Wings
of the Lasa helped to facilitate these mages' journeys in the
lands of the dead. When cast within the confines of the
Underworld, this rote builds wings out of ambient spirit-
matter, which sprout from the caster's shoulders and allow for
flight through the deadlands. (Though not of interest to the
death-obsessed Etruscan mages, it would probably require only
a small modicum of research for a modern mage to develop a
similar rote allowing for flight in the higher Umbral realms.)

System: Roll Arete. One success allows one turn of
flight, two su imparts 10 turns of flight, three a scene,
four a day, and five successes grants the wings to the caster for
the entire duration of her Umbral journey. The flight is not
terribly rapid, at most equal to the mage's jogging speed
(unless Forces is employed to increase this speed), but the
character may hover in place. The mage may bear aloft while
flying anything he could carry normally.

\W/ @NDERS OF ETRURIA

If the mages of Etruria were great crafters of magical
artifacts, few examples of their work have survived to the
modern day. Of course, absorbed as their empire was by the
burgeoning Roman Republic, it is possible that a number of
wonders thought by the modern Traditions to have been
crafted by the willworkers of ancient Rome might, in fact, be
of Etruscan manufacture. As there is no easy way to prove
such theories, the true extent of Etruscan magical artifice will
probably never be known.

However, two examples of the Etruscans' craft have
survived intact to the modern day. One is known to be in the
possession of the Pallottino branch of the Euthanatos Tradi-
tion. The second is thought to be in Technocratic hands.

THE HAMMER @F CHARUN

Level 5 Artifact

It appears to be a large war hammer whose silver head is
engraved with elaborate runesand carvings of scenes from the
Underworld of Etruscan mythology. In Etruscan myth, Charun
wasademon who brought death to his victims by means of the
large, heavy hammer he wielded. In fact, this myth survived
the fall of Etruria within the context of the Roman gladiato-

eo

Py Reon Y Raat
af

PD aah RA
wig PEN Met AEN

-

~ 253 pont

=
Bef; )
ye

wb may

fast)

THE Lest EMPIRE ETRURIA

hasnt buat
Tea NG iH

i: ‘yes


rial contests. At the end of a series of matches, a man would
emerge from beneath the Coliseum wearing the guise of
Charun and bearing a hammer with which he "mercifully"
finished off any mortally wounded combatants. Even today,
a version of this ancient myth is played out at the Vatican
upon the demise of each Pontiff. When the Pope's death is
discovered, the deceased's forehead is rapped three times with
a small ceremonial silver hammer. Of course, this begs the
question was the original Charun truly a hammer-wielding
demon or was Charun the mage who created this Wonder
only to have the aspect of death-god thrust upon him because
of the artifact's effectiveness?

Whatever its origin, this artifact has but one purpose —
to bring destruction to all it strikes. Swathed in the forces of
Entropy, the hammer causes aggravated damage to all living
beings and inanimate objects it strikes equal to the wielder's
Strength + 3. The weapon is also a symbol of power and
authority over the Charontes and lowers the difficulty of
Intimidation and Leadership rolls made by the mage's player
against these creatures by 2.

Gods of Etruria
— fromthe desk of Dr. Marcus Jackson
Dear Gawain,

This artifact is believed to reside on the ancestral estate
of the Pallottino family, a brood of Etruscan descent who have
carried on the practices of the Etruscan priesthood to the
modern day and are nominal members of the Euthanatoi.

THE PIACENZA LIVER

Level 1 Artifact

Discovered in a field in Setima di Gossolengo near
Piacenza in 1877, this is a bronze instructional model of a
sheep's liver used to teach the art of haruspicy to novice
priests during their religious training. A mage character who
learns the Etruscan necessary to read the inscriptions on the
liver would be able to increase his own ability at divination by
using the bronze liver as a guide when performing similar
haruspicy, lowering the difficulty of such attempts by 2 when
the liver is at hand to be used as a reference. Currently,
however, the liver resides in a storage room in the Museo
Civico in Piacenza, a Technocratic front for the New World
Order in Northern Italy.

One of the First Christian apologists, Arnobius wrote in the fourth century AD
that "Etruria is the originator and mother of al! superstitions." As such, it should
come as no surprise that the ancient Etruseans worshiped a plethora of divinities,
governing everything from prophecy to robbery.

A good number of these gods and goddesses were Etruscan versions of familiar
Greek deities. It was through their one-time overlords the Etruscans that the Ro-
mans were introduced to this self same pantheon. These gods ineludel

Aita-The Etruscan version of the Greek god Hades, ruler of the Underworld.

Apulu-The Etruscan equivalent to the Greek Apollo, god of the arts, of ar-
chery and of divination. A pulu differed from his counterpart in that he was an
Etruscan god of thunder and 1ightning rather than the sun.

Artames -The counterpart to Apollo's sister Artemis and, like her, the god-
dess of the hunt. Also associated with night and death (like so many of Etruria's
deities, see below/.

Charun — Guardian of the Underworld, the counter part to Greece's Charon.
Unlike the Greek god, Charun was inhuman in appearance, winged with pointed
ears and the nose of a vulture. Also, Gilad ol tardy tar ing souls to the do-
main of the dead, Charun takes on a more active role, usin te ‘eal hammer to
finish of f the dying and then tormenting their souls in the afterlife.

Herdle — The Etrurian version of the Greek demi god Herakles.

Fufluns — The Etruscan equivalent to the Greek god Dionysus.

Menarva - Goddess of wisdom, war and crafts, born trom the brow of Tina as
Athena was born of her Father Zeus. WithTinia and Uni, she is part of a sacred
triad in Etruscan religion.

Persipnei — The wife of Aita and Queen of the Underworld. The Etrurian

146 Deap Mlacic I
aeCY erg
ieee) iNy

UA RUG bateg ds
Fee ny pe

rt .

VEO Coe po
F m it Wh ae U
yt Ny fe


Tinia- The god oF Ue sky and Etruscan version of the Greek god Zeus. Like

Zeus, Tinia isthe supreme of his pantheon. In a divine triad with his wife Uni

Turan - Goddess of love and beau y. The Etruscan Aphrodite.

Turms — Messenger of the gods and guide of the dead to the Underworld, like
The Greek Hermes.

Tvath - Goddess of resurrection and, because of her of fection for her daughter
Persi pnei, love for the dead. Etruscan version of the Greek Demeter.

Uni - The supreme goddess of the Etruscan pantheon, the wife of Tinia and, as
aresult, goddess of marriage. The Etruscan counterpart to the Greek Hera. Forms
atriad with her husband Tinia and Menarva.

A unique facet of Etruscan religion was its preoceupation with death This is
evident in the preponderance of Etruscan deities tied to death and the Under-
world. These include the aforementioned Aita, Artames, Charun, Persipne, Turms
and Tvath, as well ase

Al pan - An attendant to Turan and one of the Lasa, a goddess of love and the
Qnderworld.

Ancaru— Goddess of death.

The Charontes — Etruscan demons of death These are the servants of Charur.

Cul su - A demoness who 's the entrance of the Underworld. She bears a
Torch and a pair of scissors bor cutting the thread of life.

Februus — A god of the underworld and of purification. Even today, his sacred
month, February, bears the '¢ name.

the Lasa— Female deities and companions to Turan, the Lasa are the winged
guardians of graves.

Leinth — Faceless goddess who waits af the Underworld gates with Aita.

Letham — Etruria's protector who dwells in the Underworld.

Mania - The Gener of the Underworld. Representations of her were hung in
o

Etruscan homes to ward of f evil.
Mant us — Another Etruscan of the Underworld. He is alco associated with
the cif y Mantua (present-day ‘ova/.

Thet Humth- An Underworld deity associated with Fate.
Tuchul cha - A horrifie demoness of the Underworld, possessing great wings,
snakes for hair and a bird s beak.

Vanth-The demoness of death and the Underworld. Her peacock-eyed win
grant Vanth omnise‘ence, and she hersakyuthi nomads a
Vets —- Underworld god of destruction and death
T hope this hel ps.
Sincerely,
Dr. Marcus Jackson

ITI@NSTERS @F ETRURIA

Though by the time of Etruscan dominance of the
Mediterranean the Bygones that once thronged the region
were on the decline, Etruria was overrun by its own unique
monsters. In Etruscan Italy, the dead did not rest soundly, but
rather, stalked the countryside, threatening farmer and noble
equally with their nightly predations. It was one of the

ra

iS AM LSS rit iW
ae rity! ey er Aa ls ud

functions of the priest-mages to propitiate these undead
creatures and lay them to rest. It was also within the priests'
power to set such creatures upon the state's enemies — or
their own. (Storytellers note that vampires were most assur-
edly one of Etruria's monstrous night predators and that the
vaulted tombs of Etruria were quite often home to a now-
defunct breed of vampire necromancers that hailed from the
Etruscans' land of origin, Asia Minor.)

The Lest GmpiRe: ETRURIA

. Gul
ty
see Fl tg

147

ant acaba!
Mtge dee OR

ay
dey

ft
i

1

mo

idrb

ooo aN

op Saal

é =

V=<ak
alae

cami

During the time of the Etruscans, those poor souls who
were the victims of extremely violent deaths or who did not
receive proper burials and funerary rites were often unable to
rest in peace, tormented by their time in the Underworld.
These creatures were called Charontes by the priests of
Etruria, named after the greatest of their kind, the demon of
death known by the Etruscans as Charun.

Even in the modern day, little has changed. Souls still
become warped by the manner of their deaths or by the
torturous half-lives they endure after their demises. Such
modern-day Charontes exist only to torment the living and
the Restless Dead alike and may never be reasoned with —
though, on occasion, they may be coerced, either magically or
through a guarantee of the mage's endeavor bringing about
tremendous suffering, into serving a powerful necromancer.
Regardless of how he wins their support, at the first sign of
weakness, the Charontes will turn on their erstwhile master
and drag him screaming into oblivion.

Attributes: Strength 4 (only in the Dark Umbra), Dexterity 3,
Stamina 3, Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0,
Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Enigmas 3,
Intimidation 2, Melee 3, Occult 1, Stealth 3

Willpower: 7

Suggested Powers: Most Charontes possess 10 health
levels and suffer no wound penalties from damage. Also, they
may be harmed only by Spirit/Entropy magic, while manifested
in the physical world or by attacks made by those in the Dark
Umbra. In addition, Charontes are naturally immaterial, able
to pass through solid objects at will. They possess inhumanly
acute senses, and know ifa human being is near death. Finally,
the Charontes operate with a limited hive-mind, and if one is
in need, at least three more will answer his mental summons.

Individual Charontes typically have one or two useful
preternatural abilities. One may enterand control dreams (simi-
lar to a Mind 3 Effect), typically twisting them into horrifying
nightmares, appear in the material world (one Willpower per
tur isrequired tomanifestin solid form, otherwise the Charontes
is merely a hideous but insubstantial apparition), create polter-
geist phenomena (Forces 3 effects ranging from hurled cutlery to
spontaneous combustion) or produce terrifying illusions (blood-
curdling screams, swarms of flies, etc.).

Image: The only constant in Charontes appearance is that
they are invariably hideous. Twisted by the torment they
endured in the afterlife, these evil spirits wear the anger and
spite they feel on their visages, the better to terrify and torment
their myriad victims. Also, those who suffered violent deaths
almost invariably still bear the wounds that killed them.

Notes: Though the Charontes find Entropic Effects as
damaging as other wraiths do (see Mage: The Ascension, p.
282), such magic acts like a beacon to these creatures,
drawing them like moths to a flame. Any mage using such

148

Deap ITacic Il
ed ile
|

Effects while fighting Charontes may soon find herself over-
whelmed by the creatures.

NESNA NETHSHRAC, THE LICHE

Background: The beingnowknownasNesnaNethshrac
was born Larth Fulumchva in the 515th year of the Etrurian
nation (approximately 414 BCE), the scion of an upper-class
family in the Etruscan city of Tarchna (modern-day
Tarquinia). Growing up during a resurgence of his people's
power, young Larth enjoyed a lifestyle of comfort unimagin-
able to those living outside the ruling classes of Greece,
Etruria and upstart Rome. His days were spent studying the
disciplina etrusca at Tarchna's famed school of the priest-
hood. His nights were spent in the arms of one of the beautiful
slaves for which the Etruscan people were rightly famed.

Larth proved to be an extremely gifted diviner and took up
the duties of the priesthood while still a young man. With his
burgeoning magical abilities and his tremendous reverence for
the gods, Larth rose though the ranks of the Etruscan priesthood
with unprecedented speed, becoming, in due time, the youngest
lucomone, or high priest, Tarchna had ever had. Unfortunately,
during Larth'slifetime, the sun wassettingon the ancientempire
of Etruria, while its former possession, Rome, which the Etruscans
had founded, was beginning to take control of the Italian
peninsula. Veii, one of the original Etruscan dodecapoli, had
fallen to Rome on Larth's 18th birthday, but that was only the
beginning of the end for the failing Mediterranean power.

As spiritual leader to the people of Tarchna, Larth felt
responsible for not only their spiritual welfare, but also their
physical well-being and safety. Only he could read the telltale
signs of the gods' displeasure and advise the Etruscan people
how best to regain the gods' favor. It was during this period that
Larth first began experimenting with potions of Egyptian and
Babylonian origin, seeking to arrest the effects of aging, so that
he might continue to advise his people on the will of the gods.

Inhis57thyear, Tarchnaand the othersurviving Etrurian
city-states fought Rome. Though the fighting ended three
years later and Tarchna's leaders negotiated a truce with
Rome three years after that, Larth could see the writing on the
wall. He knew no treaty would last with the Romans. When
they were ready, the Romans would return, and Larth needed
to be there to aid his people in their time of greatest need.

Seeking therefore to arrest time's destruction of his
oracular faculties, Larth uncovered a process by which he
might cheat fate and extend both his life and his gifts
indefinitely. In his 81st year, Larth passed his priestly duties
on toasuccessor and withdrew from public life. Using his own
command of Etruscan necromancy and secrets gleaned from
sources in Egypt and Greece, Larth achieved immortality of
a sort as the world's first liche. In the end, however, it was all
for naught. A scant two years after the completion of the
ritual of lichedom, Larth's divinatory powers failed him. It
seems, aging or no, there was no escaping the seven times 12
year ban placed upon man by the gods.

Ont i

zl ot


Fora long while, Larth was inconsolable. He had gone to
incredible lengths to forestall his own death only so that his
oracular powers might still aid his beloved Etruria in these
dark times. And now, those abilities were gone.

Larth, now believing himself more dead than alive,
retreated to a tomb he'd had constructed for himself in
Tarchna's sprawling necropolis and sunk into a terrible mel-
ancholy. It took a visit from his own successor as Tarchna's
high priest to bring Larth out of his depression. He assured
Larth that, though the liche could not see the future himself,
the remainder of the haruspices still could and that the high
priest had himself divined that Larth had much more left to
do. Larth's future, now beyond his own ability to discern,
stretched beyond even the high priest's power to see.

Buoyed by his talk with the priest, Larth began to devise a
method for the Etruscans to regain the favor of the gods from
their enemies the Romans. For 20 years, Larth studied, gaining
both in mundane knowledge and in magical power. Unfortu-
nately for the Etruscan liche, the Romans possessed their own
augurs and priests, diviners and holy men who had learned from
the Etruscans themselvesand still had their gods' favor. Through
them, the Romans learned of Larth and the threat he posed. At
the order of Consul Quintus Fabius Maximus Cunctator, an elite
detachment of legionnaires under the command of three highly
trained Cultistsof Mercury wasdispatched to Tarchna'snecropolis
todeal with the threat Larth posed. Inasavage battle that left the
legionnaires dead and one of the Cultists grievously wounded,
the liche was forced into his tomb, where the mages were able to
trap him. Using powerful charms of Satur, they bound him in
amomentthey stretched to infinity. Sealing the tombas ordered,
the mages of the Cult of Mercury coaxed Tellus Mater into
taking the tomb into her body. To keep outside forces from
disturbing his rest, the threes called upon their patron Mercury
to hide the tomb from those who would find it.

And for 2,300 years it remained hidden, but with time, even
thestrongest magics ail. Now, mistakenly calledNesnaNethshrac,
the ancient liche is finally free of centuries of confinement.

Image: Originally, Nethshrac looked to be aman in his
mid-50s, white haired and clean shaven, with piercing sky-
blue eyes, pronounced cheek bones and a strong Roman
nose, whose pale skin possessed just a hint of bluish tinge.
However, the liche's first experience with the effects of
modern Paradox have left vicious marks that will take quite
some time to heal (assuming Nethshrac even allows himself
the time necessary to bleed off his Paradox and to repair the
damage wrought). Now, the ancient magus looks like noth-
ingso much asa walking corpse. His flesh is withered, pulled
taut over his bones. Missing now is the hawk-like nose, and
his cheekbones jut through the skin in places. Worst of all,
his once bright-blue eyes are now shriveled like two prunes
and glow with a baleful azure light. Nethrac still wears the
blood-spattered white toga he wore the night of his impris-
onment by the Cult of Mercury.

¥ vali

rapid A paeg ny
yee

Ay Fats

Roleplaying Hints: You are a walking, talking survivor
of the dawn of the High Mythic Age. Though you've spent
eons imprisoned in your sepulchre-jail, you experienced none
of that time, bound as you were by chains of temporal magic.
It is as if the last 2,300 years never happened. Yet, great
Etruria is no more. Even your enemies, the Romans, were
conquered hundreds of years ago. And the bite of the she-
bitch Paradox has found new, sharper teeth during the time
of your incarceration. Clearly, the world has changed.

Still, you were one of the most powerful willworkers of your
time, and thathasnot changed. Perhaps you will seek outthe kin
of the one who called himself Pallottino. He knew your tongue
and some small measure of the old ways. With their help, you
might come to understand this new age and its peoples. Then,
you will see what may be done to make things right.
Essence: Pattern
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Director
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 3
Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Awareness 5,
Brawl 1, Cosmology 4, Crafts 2, Enigmas 5, High Ritual 5,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, Linguistics 3, Meditation 3,
Melee 2, Occult 5, Science 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Destiny 3, Notoriety 5, Uncanny 5
Arete: 9
Spheres: Entropy 4, Life 4, Matter 4, Mind 1, Prime 3, Spirit 4,
Time 5
Willpower: 9
Quintessence: 5
Paradox: 7
Resonance: (Entropic) Somber, (Static) Staid

A BIBLIOGRAPHY @F ETRURIA

Books Storytellers and players alike may find of particu-
lar interest when researching the Etruscan people for their
Mage games include:

Banti, L., The Etruscan Cities and Their Culture, 1973.

Bonfante, G. & L., The Etruscan Language: An Introduc-
tion, 1983.

Cicero, De Divination (On Divination).

Cicero, De Haruspicum Responsis (On the Answers of the
Haruspices).

Heurgon, J., Daily Life of the Etruscans, 1964.

Pallottino, M., The Etruscans, 1975.

Richardson, E., The Etruscans: Their Art and Civilization,
1964.

Scullard, H. H., The Etruscan Cities and Rome, 1967.

Strong, D., The Early Etruscans, 1968.

Van Der Meer, The Bronze Liver of Piacenza, 1987.

THE LesT EmiPIRE: ETRURIA

sphaniiheal On Tisty

uF hy


baek Ts )

0 fn

i

> Ge ns

th

W/ "| U ve +,

\ \ / \ ‘

\ / \ / \ ~~.

THE ASCENSION

For more information log onto www.white-wolf.com/mave

ITIAGE: THE ASCENSION
(4600) 1-56504-405-3 529.95 U.S.

The stand alone Core rulebor

game of modern mavic.

BITTER R@AD, THE
(4044) 1-56504-407-X 517.95 U.S.
A guide to surviving a world cut oft from

magic and its mystical masters

BL@OD TREACHERY
(4046) 1-56504-409-6 $14.95 U.S.
A nite

lermes

Beek ©F ITIADNESS,

THE (REVISED)

(4602) 1-56504-422-8 $19.95 U.S.
\ revised and updated look at the Ma
rauders, Nephandi and spirit hosts

and epic tale pitting the Order of

winst the vampires of Clan Tremere

CONVENTION BOOK:
ITERATION X REVISED

(4035) 1-56504-441-X $14.95 ULS.
(Convention Books <

ontiin viral character

ind Storvrellers

DARK AGEs: ITIAGE

(20002) 1-58846-404-0 $26.95 U.S.
DEAD ITIAGIC

(4045) 1-56504-408-8 $19.95 LLS,
Magik

hot Meant ti

DIGITAL \W/€B 2.

(4016) 1-56504-426-6 $16.00 U.S.
\ wide ro the

Mformnation to | | Wwers

ol the ment world that Ar) Wats

? know

supernatural Internet

kk for the

MAGE

Dragons of the East
(4047) 1-56504-428-2 $19.95 U.S.
\n essential source of information on the

supernatural powers of Asia.

FRAGILE PATH
(4006) 1-56504-432-0 $10.95 U.S.
Previously lost lore and the wisdom of the

HES Tradeback

GUIDE T® THE TECHN@CRACY
(4014) 1-56504-417-7 $25.95 U.S.

\ core reference that details the special
ot the

rules and powers Traditions en

ermes. Hardcover

GUIDE T® THE TRADITIONS

(4603) 1-56504-455-X $25.95 U.S.

\ core reference th i details the spect ib ruil 5

and powers of the Traditions. Hardcover

H@RIZ@N: STR@NGH®LD
@F H@PE

(4012) 1-56504-425-8 $15.00 U.S.
The source on the Traditions' bastion be-

yond the Earthly realm.

INITIATES @F THE ART

(4253) 1-56504-437-1 $13.95 U.S.
Now you can experience play as a newh
Awakened mage on the road to power

L@sT PATHS I

(4030) 1-56504-429-0 $17.95 U.S.
Explore the magic of Middle Eastern
\hl-i-Batin and Taftyni. A

Ye riot the Scarab release

ITIAGE CHRONICLES

VeLUIME 3

(4018) 1-56504-444-4 517.95 U.S.
The (chaos Fucwr

Hwices the

mn ff il nil

ITIAGE STORYTELLERS

C@IMPANION
(4601) 1-56504-406-1 514.95 U.S.
\ vital Storyreller si mrce book

Combines Lo

reen mc hs

ITIAGE ST@RYTELLERS
HANDBOOK REVISED EDITION

(4604) 1-58846-402-4 $25.95 U.S.

ITIAGE TAR@T DECK
(4120) 1-56504-440-1 $19.95 U.S.
The scr CoOnTaAnS 78 hy

uitifully illustr tel

ri iin the thi.

ITIANIFEST®: TRANSITISSIONS
FROIT THE R@GUE C@UNCIL

(4255) 1-58846-407-5 $16.95 U.S.

ITIASTERS @F THE ART
(4017) 1-56504-427-4 $13.95 ULS.

Learn rules tor creatine

cards und ain instruction book ¢

archmage char

veters and chronicles


S@RCERER REVISED EDITION
(4254) 1-56504-459-8 S19.95 ULS,

tam-Awaukened mia

SPIRIT W/AYS, THE

leprly dowsh a Hhthiish

TECHN@CRACY:
ASSEITIBLED V@LUME 2

(4209) 1-56504-419-3 514.95 ULS,

\ Th Tie | | q ' [ | iT)

ITLAGE: THE S@RCERERS
CRUSADE

(4800) 1-56504-489-4 528.00 US,

any ran) iloonna ore rulebook tor rb

sie. [hand

THE ARTISANS HANDBOOK

(4504) 1-56504-493-2 514.95 U.S,

a
- 1"

= =i > : a .
# *&
+

lero the power Teena

cult Irs

TRADITION Beek: AKASHIC

BR@®THERH@OD REVISED
(4657) 1-56504-456-8 $14.95 LLS.
if i titi

Mformwtion tor phavers un

n Bool Comin

CH@RUS REVISED

(4665) 1-56504-457-6 $14.95 U.S.

TRADITION BOOK:
CULT @F ECSTASY REVISED

(4661) 1-56504-449-5 514.95 ULS.

i Storvrellers

TRADITION B@@K: CELESTIAL

vital cluraetes

TRADITION BOOK:
DREAITISPEAKERS REVISED

(4662) 1-55S846-400-8 $14.95 ULS.

TRADITION BOOK:
EUTHANAT@S REVISED

(4663) 1-58SS846-40 1-6 $14.95 LLS.

TRADITION BOOK:
(4666) 1-58846-403-2 $15.95 LIS.

CASTLES AND C@®VENANTS
(4503) 1-56504-492-4 $17.95 US,
NI ret

SHOTVts an rs

©RDER OF REASON, THE

(4507) 1-56504-469-X $22.00 U.S,

s homes an I havens. | rphayer

a tha IDET te ty

hal 10)

1 tiie

1] tha

Lark | MIPSC We

cruttsn

Ch

mal chyvt

rd

Trieeth

f

|
Thy

tthe Oy ler

Te) ary

VCR

if ine |

ral

"
ap so
ak 2% .
gee ®
ee aod

2 -*
n -

S@RCERERS CRUSADE
C@mMPANION

(4805) 1-56504-494-0 $22.95 US.
;
Viewe rule brat

Hat witornation |

| uf nil Storytellers

THE SW/ASHBUCKLERS
HANDBOOK

(4808S) 1-56504-470-3 SIS8.00 ULS,

Phy tele 1\ LIN AIAN IA !

eduction
Hl phan eold villains
world

THiesth ] ISStPILiOM

| ',
of the Dark Petveyess


COMING NEXT:

EINFINITE

=

el =

- Tay ; me we 4 "—" = rnetiy 200m
a < i ¢ = wa =

AN UMmpRAL S@QURCEBOOK FOR TTIAGE THE ASCENSION
