# File: Dead Magic.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

THE T@IME @F LOST CULTURES AND CIVILIZATIONS FOR ITAGE THE ASCENSION?
FOR ADULTS ONLY

re "Idk eae rN 2: r tert

y cmeete x r- Se is

MNT
7 ee
_} ii: fy wil 5

BY DANA HABECKER, JESS HEINIG, JATMES STEW/ ART AND CHRIS TANG

SPECIAL THANKS

Authors: Dana Habecker, Jess Heinig, James Stewart John "Grabby" Chambers, for his innovative court-

and Chris Tang ship techniques.

Additional Material: Kevin Andrew Murphy, Heather Tim "My Ex-Girlfriend..." Avers, for finding a good
Smith opener and sticking to it.

Development: Jess Heinig Conrad "You Want It, You Got It" Hubbard, for
Editing: James Stewart hooking me up with a big-ass monitor.

Art Direction: Aileen E. Miles Mike "Monkey Fingerprints" Tinney, for letting every-
Interior Art: Guy Davis, Fred Harper, Paul Phillips, ne touch his Klaive.

Steve Prescott, Conan Venus Carl "Aren't You Dead Yet?" Bowen, for his apt de-
Cover Art: Steve Stone scription of "the sneer."

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles Darwyn "He's a Nerd, Just Look" Siplin, for insulting

the Destroyer Droid.
Diane "Patty" Zamojski and Becky "Selma" Jollensten,
for continuing to smoke in a world that tells them not to.

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
B SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dead Magic, Black Dog
Game Factory, Infernalism the Path of Screams, Dragons of the East, The Sorcerers Crusade Companion, Rage
Across the Heavens and The Book of Madness are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

DEAD ITIAGiC


C@NTENTS

PR@LOGUE: THINGS BEST LEFT BURIED

INTR@DUCTION

CHAPTER @NE: THE LANDS @F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA,
CHAPTER TW/@: THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — ITIES@POTAMIA
CHAPTER THREE: FIRE IN THE JUNGLE — ITIES@AITIERICA

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS ©F PHIL®S@PHY — GREECE AND Re Ine
CHAPTER FIVE: THE TOP ©F THE X/ ®RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE

86 WS oon

120


PR@®LE@GUE:
THINGS BesT
LEFT BURIED

| Poring over the ancient manuals, Alistair felt a ¢rim satisfaction. Every-
thing was ready. With the simple linguistic regimens he'd practiced asa
Hermetic student, learning the Sanskrit had been simple enough. Get-
ting through the Greek was a little harder; the ancients didn't
2uj inconvenience themselves with spacing or punctuation. Moving from
CN 7 one to langua¢e to the next proved extremely frustrating, and translat-
ra) Nes ing it all into Enochian was equally taxing. Still, the work had
progressed. Slowly, he had separated the tiny snippets of value from the badly
mistranslated mire. Finally, he had pieced together just enough to begin dying.
With the Traditions scattered and the chances for any real advancementslim,
Alistair, like many other mages, had to find his own path to enlightenment. For some,
that meant braving the nightmarish storm that even now howled across the barrier
between worlds. For others, it meant turning their backs on old rivalries, instead
focusing upon simpler challenges like revitalizing their neighborhoods or bringing a
little mysticism and wonder to their families and friends.

PR@L@GUE: THINGS BesT Left BURIED


:
:

But Alistair had a more practical goal: He didn't want to die. Or, more precisely, he
didn't want to die of old age. He'd pieced together several bits of history and lore, dug
around until he could copy orsteal the information he needed and madea few more
excuses to himself that he was only doing what he had todo.

The Hermetic Order in which Alistair trained offered a $reat many spells —
formulae to control the very forces of the cosmos, rites to bind spirits and anéels,
potions to ward off aging. Much to his dismay, though, Alistair had learned that
the formulae for the much-vaunted potions of longevity were not only costly and
difficult, but also, in his case, ineffective. No one was quite sure why — with his
reasonably potent magical skills, Alistair should've had no trouble staving off
natural aging for a $ood century — but the typical formulae simply didn't work
for him. Several alternatives, all stemmed from Hermetic understanding, were
similarly flawed. Though Alistair might've found a mage from a different Tradi-
tion to perform the trick, he neither knew anyone else with that skill nor trusted
his mortality in the hands of another.

So he'd done the work himself, and now the years of research were over.
Alistair's manor was empty, his allies long since gone and his sanctum left
inviolate. In his spare hours, he worked out the complex formulae and math-
ematical correspondences. None of his companions were aware of his project;
as his hair grayed and his face creased with age, he'd remained the dignified
senior magician, dutifully shouldering the burden of his maturity while the
others played their games.

Alistair had delved into hellish manuscripts detailing the Infernal creatures of
Babylon. He'd decrypted their astrological symbols using certain Greek interpreta-
tions. He'd taken his own knowled¢e of mystic properties and researched infusions of
blood, ash, soil, semen and ¢old, all in the pursuit of the proper balance of purification
and putrescence. He'd burned tiny symbols onto his skin so he could wear their power
as heset out careful patterns that led the eye down dangerous paths, into places where
corners bent and lines faded into constructs that left their finite ends open, where the
mind $roped at objects that didn't meet the demands of corporeality and conscious-
ness snapped in an attempt to accommodate symbols carrying far more weight than
spaceitself could hold. His own sanity had crumbled lon¢ ago. To his companions he
wasan agreeable if distant scholar, but now he held only a burning desire spelled out
in imprinted blocks of curved impressions, layered over a shattered remnant of reason
that gibbered at the personality foisted upon it while it drained out into oblivion.

Striding to a silver cage in one corner of the artifact-cluttered room, Alistair
palmed the pin with his left hand and watched the bird within. Itstill slept,
soporifically unaware due to Alistair's simple magics. A quick motion unlatched

the cage. A momeni later Alistair shoved the screwlike pin into the bird's neck,
piercin¢ its throat. He regarded the bird absently as it slowly bled to death. Some-
where in his head, another frayed tether snapped; a mad ¢ibberin¢ bubbled up in
his mind, unbidden, as if echoing throughout the room.

Returnin¢ to the table, Alistair began a chant of single syllables — "La la... ah nee...
esh ka... la la..." The soothing chant contradicted the risin¢ panic in his head as he
breathed smoothly, picking up the rest of the serrated needles in one hand. Though
he'd spread a numbin¢ paste over his body, Alistair knew that his organs would soon
feel the sharp pains of the ritual. He let outa final breath and closed his eyes.

As his breath escaped, Alistair felt his power, his life, settling into the key points
of his body — the places where the needles channeled the trapped ener$y, building
loops that prevented it from fleeing. He placed the first needle against one wrist
and shoved, the serrations tearing his skin, muscle and veins, the fiery sensation
bringing the bilious gibbering to a sudden screech that Alistair could not release
lest he interrupt his dissonant chant.

The next needle bit into his thigh, rippin¢ the muscle and causing him to col-
lapse sideways into the large oaken desk. Blood pooled around his feet, dripping
from the fresh wounds as he fumbled off his ritual robe. He jammed another
needle into his stomach, then another firmly into his pubic bone. He managed to
wrap a weakened finger around a simple bone flask, a tiny thing holding no more
than a sip of liquid. As he fell backwards, he sucked the liquid into his mouth,

committed now and unable to stop this mutilation of body and spirit. He jammed
the final needle into the crown of his head, and the virulent fluid in his mouth
trickled down to the pit of his butchered soul.

Shivering as his blood oozed over the cold stone floor, Alistair began the pro-
cess of dying. He would never reach the end.

PR@L@GUE; THINGS Best LeFfT BURIED



culture has its magic, be it simple

‘ms and spells or elaborate mytholo-

gies and rites. Though the march of time
destroys civilizations through decadence,
decay, barbarism and war, the dreams of

their people survive. From common leg-
ends to forbidden blasphemies, the
a mystical secrets of lost civilizations claw
™ their way into the practices of those who
study the arcane today.
become mundane. Little phrases

yday language: "gesundheit."

Some magic h:
make their way into e

Tiny gestures become habits: a pinch of salt tossed over
the shoulder. Items of power become decorations: wreaths
hung on doors. Private myth becomes public ritual.
Some secrets, however, are too revolting or danger-
ous to make their way into broader society. Perhaps
entire cultures practiced dread rites that were reviled by
their enemies and for which they were wiped out... or,
perhaps, later civilizations did not understand the power
behind their predecessors' bizarre ways. Regardless,
magics are buried and left to the decrepitude of time
until they are unearthed again by those with the will
and vision to risk depravity in e: nge for power.

INTR@DUCTION


The buried secrets of long-dead cultures
do not come easily or without price. Some
of these recovered magics demand sacri-
fices of virtue or life. A few are not so
twisted, but hint at the hideous profanity
practiced alongside them.

Dead Magic is not for the faint of
heart. In this Black Dog book, mages
explore the lost magical arts of ancient or
secretive cultures. In many cases, these arts were buried
for a reason — they were too vile for any human to
practice sanely. Still, in the quest for enlightenment
and personal power, a few are willing to risk everything.

Each chapter of this book describes a cultural angle,
giving the history and legend of a small area or era of
civilization. Mages relate tales of their travels and
studies while Storyteller aids offer new magics, Traits
and plot ideas drawn from these diverse locales.

Chapter One: The Lands of Nod — Sub-Saharan
Africa describes the plains and jungles of the southern
teaches of the Dark Continent. It is here that many
believe mankind was born, and though the ways of early
people may have been primitive, their primal roots held

fice

onal

WY imorieerenmennunnen

undiluted power. Still, the many tribes that roamed the
earliest lands of man honored peculiar traditions, from
figuring jewelry to scarification to dances of bravado,
entrancement and disaster.

Chapter Two: The Cradle of Civilization —
Mesopotamia looks at the first cities of recorded his-
tory. Babylon, Sumeria and other giants stood as
testaments to man's growing ability to conquer nature
and to form communities of thinking men. The sor-
cerer-priests of this age, however, also unleashed Infernal
creatures that preyed upon man but granted power to
their servants. Though the cities are gone, their un-
wholesome influence lingers.

Chapter Three: Fire in the Jungle — Mesoamerica
delves into Central and South America, where the
great civilizations of the Aztecs, Incas, Mayas and
similar cultures once flourished. Extinguished by the
conquistadors, these peoples built monuments that
showed a keen understanding of mathematics and en-
gineering, yet they also played bloody games and
worshipped gods that demanded constant warfare.
Humans became little more than fodder for blood-
thirsty deities... but there is power in blood.

c

OTT ZZ,

|


Chapter Four: Pillars of Philosophy — Greece
and Rome explores the historical cultures of Europe,
the foundations of much modern philosophical thought.
From the legendary cursed heroes of Greek myth to the
powerful legions commanded by mad emperors, these
societies influenced the very course of thinking and
social structure for ages to come. But along the way,
Greece invented hubris and the doomed hero for Euro-
pean legend, while Rome went from an imperial power
to a teetering ruin of debauched excesses.

Chapter Five: The Top of the World — The
Arctic Circle joins the Inuit, a culture not quite
extinct but ignored by the modern world. The old
nomads of the frozen North were capable hunters and
shamans, with their own gods, their own creation

myth and customs for survival in a world where the
nights can last for months.

@®THER PLACES FARAWAY

Though Dead Magic takes a look at several cul-
tures, it cannot be comprehensive. Any one of the
cultural groups explored herein could be the subject of
many books. Storytellers should dig deeper into other
resources for further inspiration.

The absence of Asia's early cultures may come as
a surprise, but Asia itself is so large that its many
disparate groups could hardly be explored in a single
chapter. Asia's historical demons are unearthed in
Dragons of the East.

THE USUAL DISCLAIMER
Dead Magic deals with mature themes and subject matter. By that, we mean that as a Black Dog book
‘has a frank appraisal of many historical cultures, including some of their unsavory, dangerous or horrit
ractices. While in some cases these may have been stretched for the sake of the game — this is, after all,
orld of Darkness — these cultures have their roots in the history of the real world. This doesn't mean t
ir practices are safe or that anyone should try them.
If you're queasy, easily offended or inclined to try dangerous stunts, then you'd better put this book away
ese pages contain secrets that even powerful mages can't control... and you're no mage.

INTR@DUCTION ll
"re : HI Shesiiaiaal

t



‘My recent Disciple, Simon Fan, fac dndertahen a pilgrimage of sorte. Alvays a student of history
hes decided to see frst hand the wondhgs frat our ae mas to oer S can ony condone such mind-
broadening activities' hopekuly the truthe that he hos karned wil hefp to edwale others rn our Chorus
Simon hes sent me several pages of notes and observatons tom his tip to Attica. S beteve that
they are worth your interest even they are rot alvays drecth prackeal for our everyday need
~ Joseph Kellerman, Adeot of Four Spires Chantry

to some, Africa's the real Eder Scientiete + that
humanity aot ite etart on the Dark Continent, and the place <till hae
enough mystenes lcden away that we malt never brow the trth of the
matter, Relaoue foe cometimes pott to Africa ae the Eden from the
ture. It all be. too much imagsnation or not enough anformationy its hard

CHAPTER ®NE; THE LANDS ©F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA

or] 3 our cope ; aT t

20) é

KK <} Ae mea AY ZY he

to eay. Wat J can eay te that te that the place ie ol and tt hae tte ehare of
qloete, Maybe civilzation beaan between the Tiqne and Explrates Rivers,
but that doeentit mean Africa te unimportant — iF may well be that the.
wo eetted cloeer to the Middle Eaet were nomace cast out of Ecler if you
beheve the scriptures, or uet marated there ce to population preseures,

Afnican culture hae eurvived a long tine aiven that a lot of ite early lor
even recent) let te totally oral, Unfortunately, that aleo makee it har
ae hell to follow up on thaws' the abeennce of hard recorde meanre that moet
of what we lave to a0 on comes from chetorted handectclown tories anda
few fragmented artifacts. Of course, if hetory'e malleable, ten ;
stones are just ae a00d ae wotten record, Better, if we can
chooee what we to aces ree

Naturally, people e. + me. to focus on Eaypt wile an 4fiica, You lnow,
that sandy bingo To the north — pyramice, manne, that ort of tens,
But that] a metake. Eaypt hae been 20 heavily mained for Hetemn ane
meoarana that t's real work to separate the 1c Firom crap. Bet-
ter, J tank to go to <outh, to what may well be the eource of all hunanity,
Back to beau if you will,
An Outsider's Perspective

Aoi Rahapasn appar na alps c= or shinee rene eSB
aod one care what I have to cay? After all, they could always ao To the
source, ih ioc; Shake oe av oak deta lass dnedhometd CN COR tice
tuff a context outede ite own culture, and dont take anyten for
aratted <0 J aek more questions, Take from tre what you will,

Human Origine?

Accorcdy, to what ecierttiet] tell ue — and you low how reliable they are
- o- people (well, a proto~pereon, ) wardered around a the area
Pies wOpe sac mil ycare ae, 10 make realy re tery
elort, ceveral Afferent <orte of proto~fole everttually 7 to form
the people that we low today [ h weve all eee the elopectbrow types
1 the L4PD). Thee firet ‘ume' had the adverttage of brospower, which
ee ee Pees cone ication
in order to take acvarttage of the ability 0 learn, Gee, we're 20 mart, If you
buy wtto the Teclyweratic party lane, we started with rocke, aot wtto
arnt, eidetracked for afew million yeare wtto euperetition and are juet
now getting out of the rut,

But I dont neceeearily buy that Techweratic conceit. In the Bile,
some. toole — we're told that they were aon to lave to develop farmany at
ba agik Uae ileal Veccae of REIN haseeaetes aah eore
fueed and references to other besides Adan and company
that people wed cutee (who aA Seth , arryway F), but
that could juet be Adan and lie brood were. "Golde cre~

14 DEAD ITIAcic

DAL EON WATE

stories get emnlarly stteresting' lumare have varidbly been <lat, epat,
bons c-cbvecl ancl tel sate etttwanle acter ieee pacer Gs tan.
ad multiply" phase, but Hat's all theology and Hie te <upposed to be attlro~
regard ae Africa after the mythic exit firom parackee. or what have you.
Where those ielanct cwellana quye who cli that they've never lived any~
where elee come from your queee te ae ood ae wane.)

Now, for you myetically wclined folke, there's another option, depenad-
174 Uporyour favorite flavor of conspiracy. Anicient astrovuts, spores
from space, Levnuiriane or what=have=you have all been crecited at one
time. or another with the foundatione of the human race. But where'd
they come. from?

Well a tat the: aAant come. from space or the Umbra the:
wal lave Gasme Troidle Hak obliged Gitel SOR sea Wa Tela ve
racy eet the world 5 stone, locations were much more fluid than they are
today. Once you could <ail out sto the ocean and have absolutely 0
what you would lit — you etill can an some. rare. We that Hote

ence about Atettie hold come water ancl men marated otto land
from parte unknown,

So low does the all come together and deal with Africa? Well ecience te
just one way of lookang wtto the past mystic civanation and the like te an-
other, The epecifice may contract but all the treacle lead back to Africa,
Wee a ee ac ee ee
We wmpoeetle to whether that meane people vet poppe out here. rom
dive lacie of 2voeal ible Wade Ha ae ee we Votow ve thot Arca

Gven that all cources postt to Africa ae the birthplace of humanity, He

— Hae Seem EGET wore. «tidy, | sveced mae eee
(mages, Too) tend to aeeume that African culture te eomelhow "snferor."
After all, 4fican nations cant conquer the. world cecover America or
lameee mystic forces to ehape worlcrocesn rituale, 20 they must rot
be worth the time, maqhtT

propa rc ystettaatie Be fond Page Mes kil gig
ter ical lit, epirttual deve 5, A the vi ‘ tue that
rags Si a Wuthe We Cadre nara etree cate oe
Inchaenoue Ingenuit

Humanity] oa aitine tec shan trait,  hecovered new
ervde bone, etone ane wood toole to hunt and build eheltere, rela

CHAPTER NE; THE LANDS ©F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA

y ae eR Sh os "pRNy 5 ' te ' "i t i}


ee ee

gia ti ARN
> fAmLEZ Nisa

avwle, worelpped ode and traveled a daneroue world far broader than
to work together, call for the. aid of eprite, hamiece fire and wood ae alice
and communicate #1 groupe, More. importantly, they leans to question — to
wake. explanations for Haws, to experiment, to have a curicerty about what'e
scence tell them becouce there's m0 other way to deal with the worle,
tain cee Tet ala UL MAROC nt to priest
the covrrceaianny, ecble met] of the past, Well never now, But we
beep askany the questiony juet like our

Neolithic cave pauttyne ehow, amor other tans, pctures of honare
Pg i alana Aa Mes «i a yemeriarts

to ve that Theee were the tocle of ages past. Sciernce can

tales of aoce, anwnal kane and heroes, Wach te the greater truth?
Early 4fricanInhabrtante

The earliest inhabitants of southern Africa were the Hiway a aroup that
weclides most early hana hutteraatherere of the region, They predate
hetorical recorcde — archeology and word of mouth are their legacies, Their
have lived #1 a hareher enwirorwmentt, Ite mosth deeert — wreleed the
Namib te the olde<et deeert in the world and the famoue Kalahari ie here ae
a, a te

wovee from de<ert to the plane that people brow from National Geo~
atelope, and powedly large lizarcde and wianf old eects.

The eouthem reaches of Africa miclide every tan from cand dunce
to carmwvoroue enicket] (eeriouely). The hareh exvirorment left litte time
for , Complex construction or attellectual checouree. Hurting wae
ee ea ee pee AY ee ye
been hunan nature to attribute work to Aay and mnyeticrem to the malt.
The Fiwai elowly epread becom the Buelmen — who eurvive (barely) tocay.

Buelmen exited eclely sn lovee families of nomacic luting groups, with
WtHle 1 the way of epeciahzation. The idea of tribes dant come uti much
later, Semple rock shelters eelded them from the woret of the elemente.

The Buelmenis one corrcesein to a outede of their huts
culture, ae far ae canbe told wae art: Pasttere Ft rock-face depictionre
of ware, lutte and mythe. Few of these party ne eurvive' most faded away
after a few cevttunes, Porttere were anexception to the ueual Buelinan

16 DEAD ITIAcic


2 y 4 eed ee Fic OS Bs: ~~ Caw 4 2X
Herero Hobie é MOZAMBIQU A 3
Teibas Tribes Matapa  *u, SJ
NAMIB Tribes ee Es
DESERT es
GREAT ZIMBABWE yan QI
KALAHARI © sou
= WALVIS BAY DESERT _ Ngont MADAGASCAR
- Hokwa ge.
Nama Tribes :
Tribes Tswana Shona
Tribes Tribes
N

ORANJEMUND, a
xe

INDIAN OCEAN

Kj
ATLANTIC San and decbes
OCEAN Kboikboi Tribes
CAPE TOWN
ay Ayu ELIZABETH
care or coop Hore SOUTH AFRICAN FRONTIER

eouety — they traveled from aroup to ar vont stories, trade, wnforma-
Cather bara Wage tien ie tele Wie Pelee We Cake ot cs
angles of mages amon, human eocietyi come tales creckt them with the
power to ~ their mages to life or speak with the dead, T. ‘ » a poatter
camied aours of colored poate and briehes mace from steme and
feathers, ae well ae moan materiale and various raw marechertte to arid
wtto new pasts, It ceems that each pastter had he own secret formula for
pants, too. de the <ole nonhutting P te 91 Aiwa society, they occu-
pedo rege! and only to other experts of their trace,
perlape « ently formang the earieet magical eociety ae well,

Ten thousand yeare ago, the Buelmen developed agriculture and ownal
domestication. The led to settlement] and to the development of che~
tinct cultural iderttities Everttually, the Aoi (more. widely known ae
"Hottentote') heplaced the Buelmen, Hori villages rose wn the arid but
hobrtable localee near waters oles, That wae pre: y wuch the etatue quo
for eeveral Houeand years: Buelinen wandered north wtto the

0 and beyond wile eettHed roupe existed wn eubuieterce eocieticn
i the baeted decerte. The wi had diverged noticeably from their
oncent arcestors, ard were taller and etrorger tan the Buelnen but

"| ve ar a rae wt Poultry "H t i

i) ZYBAN 2 DE


SN Ne SN ee) DSF}

—— —

still attributed a areat cleal of euperetitions dread to the San (their deroga-

tory term for the Buelmen/,
Then the Barttu arrived ane Lit with them the iclea of tribal eoctet~
ee, These social structures the Bantu to oraqrize their

Arp RS ad y managed to exrelave or drive out the nomacde, Other
Commantics eoon emlated the Barttu and took. up tribal etructures, Moet
of theee remanned local organizations, but a few ome cropped up, e=pe~
Ee leer a ceuttvel Arca! Hel Wioneal Seisuearv ollere
balled from Hie time, and ie here that we etart finden the real detale
and remnant of African culture,

Early Legence
"The Buelimen and Hor-Hhoi had their hare. of etories, of course. Though
many of their talee are <4 it cceme that the Buelmnen certamly had

center around the natural waveree and the anwmale Hat the
revered, Them tales rane from the story of the man woe it] ehane
lqht — who get] tHrows 0 the heavens to become te esr — to your's
aid who vomit] canders that become the etare,

Of more wmmechate wnterest to mages, of course, are talee of ic
and witchcraft. In euch stories, come. magicians are considered ev
and cruel, while. nn others the protaqoviet usee magic and charme without
any repercussions,

A areat Buehinn «tories prominently feature Matic a character
who eeeme To bicke the boundary between human and awl. To the
Buelinen, Mattie te a clever fellow, a tricketer and hero wo eteale fire,
creates the moon and ee ehapes to play tricke. He's ceenvot aca
ed but ae a sort of idlealizeal perlape ae one of the firet of their
Vand, Matic ie ever credited with watcha the creation of the Buelmenys
After nein abee acroee the water~covered earth Mattie lande ona
mankand, Mate wakes to eee the birth of the firet Buelinan.

The tales emphasize that Mattie ie all too hana though idee the
ends may lave their rocte 0 the actions of a mage, a spirit or #1 eome.
beang predating boty who's to eay tat, an Pays whesn men ard
aprite mule there werent euch creatures? ree externled family
niches many anwule, 20 it's poseble that the Buelmen revered avwnal
sprit], much ae come Dreamepeakere still do, The Buelmnen I poke with

always knew at least one tale. wrwolvnny Mattie,

Another notable "mage" in Bueliman stones wae Heieeb, an old magician,
Heteeb apparently hae a varied lot — he consort with mlumnanes, lays curses
on the selfieh and wn one story ever creates deat Heicebs eon feiqne
actually bile he own eon to frrteh the. job, #1 the process males death a

DEAD ITIAcic


All Yo AGA oe "A cS aA, a em ® — a)
VA TALS ADWTY ve. le Ora es PI

Doll Seem, Waray. \\ \Saceace ie ek ee
AY ee sa y — Enel bn 2

reality. N, Haw Hefmel tenes choad deat Week neti sagan uiattieny
the legend death met oe euinber, or
rte ie cornices eal ela ree
SRIRAM SN beyorrd the pale. However, what he ches ientt ae
(epee he kitowe, Heieeb binowe about death. He bnowe about the
of people, and he kinows how to. checern motive from
ae Naler car iteny ata ean ae ence dont ney
quese ie Hat Hereeb was, like all mages, an exception To the normal
On and one laet A.wai etory! erdinilae Use weber oie.
with baboons, The comes from the tale of Caqn a Buelnan whose 20 wae
Killed by baboon back wher "baboote were like little men," Cogn uses magic
to track down the baboons ae they dance about the tree where they've
he core With a ta feces e cot while.
Se ee ees e, which econo ee
ticle After fee ool fuck He rete tlhe tm boo
wore than chattering animale, lin the moet curious
story, Gi eekee ev ena Ciao tian Nie Al ae eee
Adezcription of how he cla el

A curious Tale, aud ome That leads specullition. The name beths 0 eseM-
huce 0 the Caine of vannpine legend, as Sided recently by our illustrious
House. It could well tethat This SOny relatts am canly. Tak of That Mgt hical
aMapire progentTOn aud kis creatTou ae of The jnst Uannpines — aising kis
dead sou Ay MAaGIC, Oh iM Tht Case, by TWnming The corpse wld ome of kis kind.

— Karen Lusned bani Tris

The Buehmen of beast] and anwnale, too. Gaattic,
CS so77 nant 095 - progesitore of "hh cat
lape? Some cave pasties even depct eles crushan entire
lartebeest=, The early Buelmnen butted eke with reed nets, Such

GiSie alfa wae: Wella ae ee
hum and etc areae of cemtral to ite wwokes
thrashed willy e+oua| igh Fo artirate: the ori rbaoum #4 them
stil reece a the bs tropical areas, Though Te vot adess them

Buelinen aleo attributed ran to bulle — not ence cathe
(ard wicdamnin ot ple prc Utah tides ete lated eae tal
Cattle were used ae a measure of wealth, With water ae precious ae it te 5
the desert, the connection eeeme a natural one. Stories tell of art
bulle that lived near eprimes and rivers, wich had to be laeeved with a maar


a Need

<<,

cal leather torn created by a ehaman, The huttere then led the bul
ocrose lance where they wiehed raat to fall, and the ehaman ritually butch-
ered tt <0 that tte corpee quaranteed a bountiful harvest. The emlarities
to Verbena manic: are apparent? even early men bnew the value. of
sacrifice (Hou) Teclrwcrate would doubtless powtt to the use of the bull's
corpee ae a fertiization techique and noteng more.

For a people 20 dependent water, bh, the. Buelinen certos

oe of the Kauteign Koorou the rasrbow came as a mer of fire,
Stones Tell that the rasnbow wae a manifestation of the epiit of ras eentt
Oe vi eance for the bill of the. 2011 of the <pmrit] of aan and fire. To
te Vs an omen of doom. Those with back hearts are etruck
ead by Rasy a epirit who weare the rasnbow ae her belt,

Ae a fiw peculiarity, the Buelmen tell etories of an aftertife and of
decd eprite, but vot ae eeparate from the world. Perhaps their culture pre~
Chae of Wee aurrittle tr weder ther ware that the aftertife tea

called T0044 a fertile place along the Orane River. The dead
arent ated from the livs — wleed twee wo a0 h the fanger~
cuttin rite eaely walk there, thoee who dont are fi to travel on
their heacke, fights, various beact] the way. Spparenttly, the dead can
come backi ahoet~] are said to ricdle on efor cloucts, and te Buelmnen
even ee te aloste to conwance them to bring storme to water thes
patch of desert, Swice the wind wae attriuted to a waned man at the

ait vrs

?

oh

human shoulders — ae if the wee of vature stemmed from human
tool.

The Foros, who eucceecled te Buehmen, wuturally adopted marry
Buchman leaerete, but aleo told quite a few of their own, Indeed they
crecited the Buehmen with eupernatural wd feared the Fiwai,
For their part, the Hhoihoi told lees farncitul tales, Settled in their
aaranian society, the Foie valued etabilit Y and naturally gravitated
Toward afferemt myths,

The Aor Aoi start with a different creation myth than the Aiwa ac~
cordana To ther views, the world wae formed by Teu-Goob — "Wounded knee"
— a powerful deity. (4nd ascribe. mornotheiem to later cultures,
They're obviously not lookang hard erough) T<u-Goob began life ae U-tixo, a

emt shaman who could ce4€ the future and retum from the dead, 4e U-

xo, he batted Gaara, an evil enemy chief, and evertually struck Gourob
down but ehattered he binee i the < le. Everttually, he paseed on to
even cid to live #1 a beauteoue heaven while Gaurab resided sna dark pit —

DEAD IT1Acic

BD J ee Ali WS GEES AS AL
‘

|

a

| aed
CFI VACA IT a

‘ _— _ r "4 = aan — i «eS

the parallel to later monotheistic reliqinie are clear, though T eui-Goobe
nse from mortality to qoclwod eeeme a revereal of the Chnstian concept
of God srcarmuted,

With their cetHead Wfeetyle, the Hottesttote dont tell mary tales of
fartastic creatures, Perhaps te wae becase they AAnt roan atto the
mystic places where Buelmen west? Nesp ig se. doc =
eettements Watever the cauce, the ee
revolve. around more mundane creatures, though they often feature t
7m aroreisi= a choraetevale Nal tees rer eee toate before
mankerde use of fire ecared them away. The jackal figures prominently ae
atricketer Woee clevervices of tern gets the better of ban the rabat
chowe up ae a lazy creature and an ill omesn, Aqoas ite clear that the Hor
Foi had a mystic. the to the. anwnale around them, Perhaps come. epoke. with
orwnale 91 a legendary time or revered anwnal eprif- eprit] ae well ae their aoc,

Amory the Horie tales of leaerclary arwnle reside afew myth
about era bnterestvey fey alnoet aw. women,
Whether ee chopechiftere of amore mystical
sort te unkown, However, they're rarely Lah AV Se gE Stil the
Hottenttote of legend clearly ear them In one etory, a woman ee
wtto a lon at the behest of a fellow traveler, ww ie <o Terrified leven Lh
he prompted her to transform that he cline wtto a tree a refuses to
ever travel with her aqaan.

hal Tlaghtiey dv tacos am eee tee eres
lifestyle. Though they dont <eem to aecrbe erate cele ran and
wiped: thes vacke Hox gimetk aan Macnee hema lees weeead
to be able to call seca ares." cs, egparatapgee
ca came rapt bani ahere! Water theelf euppocedty bad curativ
al protective peepetes, Apicce of wack clajor a aepkoaiedd aiten one

a ward agoaret the eprite of the dead, Evil eorcerere were
Aunked 1 cold water, wach wae thought to neutralize their power.

Once the Bantu arrived and broualt with them the idea of trbe«,
stition and legend chanwmed, The H entote acpted Batu beliefs to
witcheraft: The Batu brought tolee of lopere; or right walkers, who
sited Nae eee ear ee) and wore ory

human chaste. lopere traveled at ea dro cna

lopere were eaid to cplesieefier beidnom hee vee for

entered lute walker, folic ard Aramned the life of the sthabrtante,
leaveng them weak and sometimes ill the next day, Naglopere were aleo eaicl
to rape their victime, Taken their carvul pleaeures from huenare
who remained unconecious Ae to the malt walkers powers. u witch
doctors nibed mystic concoctions sto cute, wach caused a pasrful bun~
94 when a naqloper neared, Tle allowed eleepere a chance To awaken

CHAPTER @NE: THE LANDS @F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA

Teter, geen - : PRG Ls aT) i i

ry
x

~

ZEEE SIND Det)

ait

21


a \ REE Er Pi tee 20S be

Co —

vampire... Though I cant eay for eure.
Great African Civilzation

Though the typical picture of hetorical Africa te a bunch of scantily clad
aration areal. to some etartlnly eoplieticated civilizations,
onwme#tic tracktions like Ha and Santeria, It aleo developed
> bronze worker which wae taught to the Berwn, Great Zwrbabwe,a city that
ik flourished from prelietoric times to the I400s, boasted Harty-footigh walle,
4 traded aol copper with the reet of the world and became. the commer~
cial er of a powerful state. Saywy thete were "primitive savones" 1.
pretty much dead wrong,

in starting directions, There are the delat brown for their weaveng'

1
mR Sr

7 Dogon who practice terraced farm in Mali avd loeted oracles and
on, communty healers' and the Maca, who are. for eloborate jewelry of
re Y 2a dflp AA gh ace propaga na» A: edlders. 4 Sean aetadin
x 10% about euch varied cultures,


whe

Lh
4

ae Cl a Bs os a A= et | a i et —

ra ee Tita 2
J yar ry OA1TA AO On
THA Semen WANraeey. \ = ihe Ua

aT 1 ~—— _ , Z — a eae 8S

Of course, the eetoblelmertt of cities and trade opened the door to
tition <ettements allowed for epecialiet] — witch doctors. dea
reeult, not only ald the great cities of central 4frica develop bronze and
iro toole, trace. with Europe and 4eia low before colorwal tines! and oraa~
rized warfare, they opened the core to ritual magic, enchantmertt and
ther own forme of eprit talk,

Sprite played a maior role #1 oll 4frica' Vilage of tex used fierce
waeke or carved leace to ward of f evil eprite, wile witch doctors offered
ceremovyal eacrificee to the more benevolent evittties, The roote of euch
epint dealers probably come from ancient Buelman traditions, but eetted
witch coctore had other concerns, Sprite were correulted to foresee evil
reetore health and eerve ae patrone for natural paces of proeperity (euch
ae riverel. Even tocky, it's common to eee a pawtted fiqure or a carefi
constnicted eine wttercled to ecare away malevolertt <pwit] or appease
beneficent ones. T ouriet] and ""eciemtific ecucation" cheapen the magic
of euch places, but it' etill there if you Low where to look.

In the cities Hat flouiched in central 4frica common people took up
icon practices, Soldere cared charms, travelere wore amnlete leesed
by pneete] ane the Yoruba communed with their anceetore trough meke
and figurines. Jin many cultures, mein and women wert trough comen-of~
age ceremovtes by jor cecret eocietice — rot unlike political partiee
waxed with a qo0d daeh of mysticiem like the Tracitions, Faurinee cerved
aeeyens ties aleo factored etromaly #9 . Practitonere of track
ti ane often accredited malaise to evil epirite, which had to be
fought to restore health, To ward of f the <pirite, medicare men used anwnal
woonfices and trances, and aleo called upon the favor of 00d eparit] with
eons dances and rhytme music, often aauqan the ov etate of
the victim to determine the approprate treatment, in come case the
communty became wwolved ae well! 4 ehaman miaht bring forth aeeociates
derecacs fo feel peodectiietaned nae wma ena a code
forth elodowe of eiclinees, or he maht ack the community to eon together
m order to call the ao0d epirite to epeed the victims recovery.

One quick lrqustic note! The tenn ‘mecicsne" te used wnt
vith mage" te African languages. That's probably Sein erie

tof "medicine," the power that heale myetenouely without ay viele
effect, wae uet the came ae ic. So when Afnicane referred to magic
1 checuceirre with European ee the tern "medcane" wae used s-
stead — hence "medicare man or "witch doctor." 4 person who healed dealt
with mysterious forces — forces that the Europeans called medicine, ae
far ae the vutive cultures could tranelate.
they aleo developed ancestor worship. After all, the cetted tribes re~

CHAPTER @®NE: THE LANDS @F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA 2

Fie diareeha ‘ ' = Cnt Hl t i

Fara a eta Vo yu? boy fi aie te ee Fi

3

ee lee

es mn

;
ti

rats a
yee

XY

2) Sn i ==>
x

I¢

Neeael }

uo

S

Oar

— 7

ag |

i SA ae | NSS ee A BAG

where they buned their dead and were tue eueceptibie
ee a en ee a
oye to remand them of the dead and to orae tee to the deceased
ite theee etatues provided a way for the dead could communicate with
the living, Jin come places, the statues aleo functioned ae quarchare, de~
lookang for a tie to the living, Mournmr, periode were aleo commory but
zerved a twofold purpose — not only wae mourn, an outlet for anef, it
monttanned the bod between the family and the deceased, eometmes
ne geet MR es Eh
ice death of family, ae iF were. Oh and yes, they apparestty buried
their dead and ueed arave marlere, It ceeme that euch practices may
Africa Overtaken
We clear that there were tremencloue civihzations i old Africa, Great
Zirbobwe iteelf cerved aca trade center, chipper out aold and copper ae
well ae local custome, During much of the Middle 4aee, Great Zumbabwe not
only traded with Europe, but with 4ea ad parte the Middle Eaet -— after
wiflierce. Great Zimbabwe hada written ec, even if te one that
cant be translated today. H bult walle over Harty feet hah 4ryone who
dboviously haenit bothered to study what wae really aon on.
nent ones to lt Zerbabwe, but other aroupe like the Portuquece are
varce were aleo lookin for better routes to Ae new lade to exploi
and ways to tun wdiger ue peoples wtto ebiect] of their empires, bh
ful trode existed for centuries, exploration wevitably eras oe ee
ter Africa like a ere ins corey the cot
4 ment into little provinces with enforced borders,
sie | Se Ae an aside, juet about everyone today hae heard of "Shaka Zulu." The
LA Zulue continued to live. 11 tribal villages even up to the 1500s, moattoaw 9
etme, = thes bewtter—warrior culture, Shaka wae a youngeter who pa new
t'- for the Zulue to do Hane Jina time woet warfare con-
strom leaders, Hf Shaka had gotten etarted two centunes carter, Hough
the whole. exploration-anc-commuest phase of the world malt have come.
from Africa, Put that i your pipe and «mole it,

ye

ame
‘3
wr
te

2

Road

eee il) I
erat | 9. |
vit

Ee Dem *

) cur
="

2b ne

a .

ieee 8624 ~~ Deap TTlAcic

'


The Myth and the Modern

So, the average. e ve well
SESS, neae the cradle of hunankand <o to

met" The anewer's ‘Ae

ack, "Wat hae any of Hae do to with

importantly, the firet Hanne that mankind ever believed beaan here. Wen

humanity lived an

with the eprit worle, it wae here. Whes people fiq~

ured out their firet toole, custome are taboos, tt wae here, The srcrecthle

nee meane that there te real
whose custome are not eo w

rent of hidden myeticiem Pe al

lait that euch tracktion and letory car~
wn euch beliefs, Even
practiced tocly,

trbee
, there's an undercur~

@ have thes- HHone. Suet ae

the modem man ecoffe at magic but till letene to aoet etories and
reacde 4rtHunan tales, the eheer volume of lore that] been forgotten in

Africa far exceede the collected kowledke of many other

of the ward till watt to believe.
The Even

and celebrations, To someone
waye offer new directions and new

dA ones. In the ruch to get cometary better" we often forget camper,
‘ way te beet,
oe etl qute sketchy. To

need to get wito tte heart — a0 there, talk to

oller ways, bit cometimee the <eanple
Tye sncliled come votes about
However, eve

Hee that were checarded
power. Moclernn witch doctors these

uree, Parte

0 retann their
practices alive an their tracktionre

\inowe how to Tap wtto that power, theese

@ to maqic — or, very

weeretand Afnca you
Sao pat vss § er,

ASFRICAN ITTYSTICISITI IN Y®UR CHRONICLE

It's a little too easy for a Storyteller to
shoehorn African magic into the
Dreamspeaker mold. That's convenient,
and it's what the Traditions did in the
context of Mage's history, but it's inaccu-
rate. As the notes in this chapter show,
f | African magic may have influenced sha-
manistic styles, but the sheer number of
cultures involved guarantees diversity.

First things first: The cursory treatment given in
this book won't substitute for real research into Africa.
There are too many cultures with too many disparate
beliefs for all of their magic to make it in here, so you
need to get some material that really lets you dig into
the one or two cultures you want to use.

Second: There's precious little in the way of
written history. Much of African culture is handed
down through oral tales, traditional dances and ar-
cheological finds. Even though Great Zimbabwe had

a written language, that language still defies transla-
tion. Many of the oldest cultures had no writing at
all, just painting and storytelling. That makes the
research job even harder.

Now that we've gotten that out of the way, let's get
into how to use Africa in a modern Mage game.

AFRICA ASA
ITI@DERN SETTING

Why would modern mages bother going to Africa?
Any number of reasons, actually.

As this chapter has already shown, there are
historical roots in Africa — roots stretching all the
way back to humanity's beginnings, if you believe in
evolution and anthropology. Even if you have a differ-
ent take on things, there are still enough ancient
cultures to keep any mage busy researching the begin-
nings of human thought.

CHAPTER ®NnE; THE LANDS @F Nop — SuB-SAHARAN AFRICA 25

AS
+

BIA ABS

JIN

yy


as

il¢

The scarcity of written records can work in a
Storyteller's favor: You have much more wiggle room to
make up your own tales, histories and legends. There's
no way to confirm or deny most of it, so the past is as
unformed as you make it. That means you can pull out
whatever plot thread you want, and it can be authentic
to your World of Darkness in spite of (or because of) the
lack of corroboration in the "real world."

For more information about the geography and
politics of Africa, see A World of Darkness. You can
also find a more detailed history of Great Zimbabwe in
The Sorcerers Crusade Companion.

AFRICAN ITIAGIC

Students of African tradition find many ways to
focus spirit magic, and also to tie in defenses against
malignant forces. The rotes included here are just a
small selection of what the modern Traditions could do
based upon African ideas.

COFFIN FOR A FISHER
(ee SPIRIT, ¢¢ ITIATTER)

Old Ghana tradition tells that a fisherman once
asked his son to make a special coffin that looked like
a fish, so that when he died, the fisherman could
continue his fishing in the spirit world. The son hon-
ored the father's wish, and the practice became common

26 DEAD ITlacic

among those who so loved their work that they wanted
to bring it with them even in death.

System: The mage must enchant a special coffin
that's built specifically for this purpose. The coffin
should somehow symbolize the job that the decedent
wishes to take into the afterlife.

The player must defeat the local Gauntlet and roll
enough succes
each one could be enchanted separately if the mage is
not sure of his skill. When the coffins and trappings are
buried with the corpse, they appear in the spirit world
as well. Thus, a ghost could be outfitted with royal
jewels, weapons, or just the relics of a favored pastime.
Even if your chronicle's mages rarely interact with

s to affect all the items desired, though

ghosts, this is an ideal way to satisfy the deceased and
keep them occupied, so that they don't cause problems
by haunting the living.

The Avatar Storm (if you use it) and the Sixth
Maelstrom (if it happened in your chronicle) tend to
distort this Effect, and sometimes relics are destroyed
before they can manifest in the Shadowlands, though
that is solely at the Storyteller's discretion.

C@LD WATER'S BLESSING
(ee ITATTER, © PRIME)

As water gives life, it holds the power to protect.
Evil magic can be dispersed by cold water, and villain-

ous sorcerers rendered powerless. Even vicious naglopers
lose their powers temporarily if dipped in water.

System: The mage must somehow hit the target
with cold water — whether by tricking it into a river
or throwing a bucket of water at it. The mage channels
the water's power to heal, promote life and wash away
evils. The water soaks into the target and its power
becomes primal energy that washes off evil magic
(that is, its Pattern is dissociated with Matter and
turned into cleansing energy with Prime). Successes
scored on the Effect are used to unweave whatever
magic that the subject might have, be it a malign
enchantment or a special power.

The Prime magic already invested allows the mage
to discriminate between magic with a friendly, positive
Resonance or an evil, malignant one, so the Effect does
not inconvenience a sorcerer who has no ill intent.
With Time magic, the caster can cause this Effect to
"wait" on the target and then use successes to unweave
a later evil spell or Effect that the subject might try to
cast — Effect successes counter the supernatural powers
of the subject. Thus, an evil sorcerer dunked in water
several times (with an extended use of this Effect)
might find his next few spells fizzling.

COUNTER"IRRITANT (¢¢ LiFe)

In addition to mundane surgery, some healers in
Somalia used a counter-irritant, a heated nail or metal
rod. The rod was heated then applied to an injury.
Obviously, such a practice cauterized the wound. Medi-
cine men believed that the scream of the patient also
allowed the pain to escape from the body, and that the
patient's recovery subsequently quickened with less
chance of infection.

System: The mage applies a cauterizing instrument
to a wound. (Hopefully, the character has at least
rudimentary medical knowledge; cauterizing a wound
improperly can lead to shock or even death.) The
subject must be allowed to scream — with that scream
comes out all of the pain from the injury. A full turn
after the Effect is completed, the subject no longer
suffers penalties from that particular wound for the
duration of the Effect. The caster can also choose to use
to speed the healing of the wound

some of the succ
— each success cuts mundane healing time into a
fraction: with two successes for healing speed, the
subject heals in half the normal time; with three suc-
cesses, a third of the normal time and so on. Since most
people believe in the efficiency of cauterization and
sterilization, this Effect is usually coincidental.

De@ceNn DIVINATION (+e TIME, e ENTROPY)

Dogon and Yoruba priests use a ceremonial tray in
conjunction with 16 kola nuts in order to divine the
future. The priest holds the tray in his lap while he
quickly passes the nuts from hand to hand. As he passes
the nuts back and forth, some fall out and make marks
on the tray's flour-dusted surface. Once he is finished,
the priest reads the pattern left in the dust and uses it to
contrive a sacred poem. That poem offers insight into
the future or into the actions that a subject should take.

System: Like the more traditional forms of Time
Sight, this rote allows the caster to glimpse indirectly
into the future. The mage does not actually see what
will happen; rather, he gets an idea of what patterns are
emerging and how actions now can help to avert a bad
fate later. Though the ritual always gives some result,
the successes on the Effect give an idea of how accurate
and clear the advice is. With only one or two successes,
the mage may get a poem that seems cryptic or only
peripherally related to events at hand, while with more
s, the reading inspires a poem that eerily paral-
lels current events or shows an obvious and clear threat
looming in the future. Interested Storytellers might
want to actually look up some Yoruba poetry to find a
passage appropriate to their chronicles.

If the Storyteller feels a little overworked by having
to fit a mystic African poem into his chronicle, she can
simply advise the players as to a specific course of action
— if the characters follow through, then the Effect's
successes can be used to enhance a later use of an
Ability, in the usual fashion of Magic Enhancing Abili-
ties (see Mage Revised, p. 155). Such successes are not
cumulative; one divination must be fulfilled before
another can give insight into the future.

FIND THE GUILTY (¢ ¢ ITIIND)

In Gabon, death is often attributed to malign
influences or evil spells. The power of a person's ill will
toward someone else figures prominently in some other
societies, too. Though it's too late to do much after
someone has died, a priest can still find the killer — or
at least someone who harbored resentment or hate
toward the victim. This can open the door to finding
out why and how someone was killed, or whether there
are hidden, malign feelings seething beneath the sur-
face of an otherwise proprietary occasion. Shoulda dark
secret come out in this fashion, the priest might well
learn of some impropriety on the part of the deceased.
Such a ritual is good for closure: Those who harbored
hatred toward the deceased can let it out, while the

succ

CHAPTER @®NE: THE LANDS @F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA 27

\ ve : "i t ii


priest can also uncover and resolve problems that the
deceased may have left behind.

To find the guilty, the priest dons a ceremonial
headdress, complete with ritual scars, paintings and
hairs. The priest then dances among a group of villagers
until his feet cause him to stop. Since the headdress may
not include holes for the eyes, the priest stops only
when the magic prompts him to do so. The person in
front of whom he stops is the one whose grudge or
disaffection figures somehow in the deceased's demise.

Because this ritual relies upon dance, mask and
other cultural icons, the caster must work with a group
that understands the ritual's purpose. Among the Afri-
can tribes that used (and still use) this ritual, everyone
understands its purpose after a death; if it's used among
people who did not understand it, the ritual carries no
weight and thus does not function — though the caster
could explain the nature of the ritual beforehand.

Note that this ritual normally is used only with
men. Tradition holds that women must not look upon
the mask.

System: Though this spell does not actually call
upon the spirit of the deceased, it lets the caster pull on
the emotional strings of those around him. Since every-
one involved knows what's happening, their thoughts
and memories regarding the deceased are fresh in their
minds. Even if individuals try to bury such thoughts, the
caster's magic can sense and pull out the general feeling;
once the caster stops his dance in front of a guilty
survivor, he can proceed with normal or magical ques-
tioning to figure out why such feelings were there.

Roll the Effect as usual; the mage need only score
enough Mind successes to sense the mental impulses of
guilt or resentment harbored by one of the ritual's
onlookers, and his magic draws his dance to that per-
son. This is often done as an extended Effect: While the
mage dances, he lets his mind wander out and sense
each person separately, rather than trying to grasp the
entire group at once. In game terms, the player rolls for
the Effect separately against each onlooker, with the
mage moving on with his dance until he finds a guilty
party or fails to find anything.

Naturally, appropriate Mind techniques can de-
fend against this Effect. However, a guilty party who
wishes to shield his thoughts deliberately must use
the normal mental defense rules — for a Sleeper, that
means spending a point of Willpower to gain a
resistance roll.

Dean ITIAcic

SENSE THE NAGL@PER
(e+ Lire, e¢ Time, ¢ MATTER)

The malign influence of naglopers can cause ill-
ness, fatigue and even death. Since the nagloper's
mystic powers enable it to keep its victims in slumber,
Bantu witch doctors devised a powder that, rubbed into
a shallow wound, would burn when a nagloper neared
and thus awaken the victim.

System: The magician makes a shallow cut in the
living flesh of the subject, then rubs in his magical
powder while murmuring protective words. Time magic
holds the Effect in place until anagloperapproaches, its
presence revealed by its unnatural connection of living
and unliving (with Matter and Life). At that point, the
powder begins to burn and itch, awakening the subject
orat least alerting him to the nagloper's presence (with
Life magic). Succe: can be diverted to duration (so
that the powder keeps itching longer, possibly to wake
up a deep sleeper) and to distance (so that a nagloper
can be detected before it gets within reach).

This formula sometimes alerts a subject to the
presence of vampires other than naglopers, if indeed
naglopers are a sort of vampire at all...

HALT THE NAGLOPER
(oe LIFE, ee ITIATTER, ¢¢ Time)

The dread nagloper often sneaks into tents and
huts to feed upon the energies of the occupant, but it
can be halted by a proper enchantment. A false kerrie
(club) placed in the doorway serves as a focal point for
the spell; when the nagloper tries to cross the threshold
(walking backwards to conceal its approach), it freezes
over the club, unable to move so long as no one speaks
within its hearing.

System: The Time magic hangs this Effect in place
on its focal point, the club placed in the doorway. Once
the nagloper steps over the club, the Effect paralyzes it.
So longas nobody speaks within its earshot, the nagloper
cannot move for the Effect's duration. An Effect cast
with only a few successes lasts a few turns, and might
merely inconvenience a nagloper; with multiple suc-
cesses, the creature could be entirely paralyzed for some
time. Traditionally, an individual inside is also pro-
tected by the rote Sense the Nagloper, and that
individual wakes up and goes to fetch the head of the
village, who decides what to do with the beast.

This rote sometimes works on vampires as well,
though not reliably.


Who

<>
— —1

HEALING FIGURINE(¢

Figurines of animals or people, especially those
associated with benevolent intent, can help in the
healing process. A carved figure with a magical con-
tainer at its center can hold healing energies; placed in
aroom, that figure's energy helps to heal the occupant.
Also, an individual can insert and remove a nail from
the figure so that its power flows over him. A mage can
prepare such a figurine and give it to a friend, or even
make one that permanently gives off healing power so
that anyone near it benefits.

System: People in the area of a healing figurine just
naturally seem to recover quickly — they sleep well,
their wounds heal without difficulty and they fight off
sickness. The mage "plants" his successes on the Effect
into the figurine; when it is in a room with injured
people, or when someone thrusts a nail into it then pulls
the nail out, the figurine unleashes some of its power.
The successes stored allow the figurine to heal people
just like a simple Life Effect, though generally healing
takes a full day of rest for each health level (it's neither
instant nor wholly vulgar). If the figure runs out of
successes, its power is exhausted.

With enough successes, a mage can permanently
render a figurine a healing Artifact. Such a figurine
causes everyone in its vicinity to heal at the accelerated
rate of one health level per day (excepting aggravated
wounds). Such a creation is very potent and requires a
great many successes.

ITASQUERADE T@ ADULTH®®D
(ee SPIRIT OR ¢ e CORRESPONDENCE)

Coming-of-age rituals are common to many cul-
tures — from body piercings to midnight stories that
pass on the knowledge of manhood to drunken revels
with sports buddies, every culture has its own way of
acknowledging the transition from child to adult. In
some African cultures, the transition is as symbolic as it
is physical: The supplicant dons a specially carved mask
and perhaps even a costume or voluminous robe. The
outfit protects against eavesdropping or malign spirits
during the ceremony and also serves as a transition —
achild dons the mask, but it is an adult who removes it.
Since many cultures include secret societies, the masked
supplicant can listen to the words of the elders and learn
the secrets of his family or tribe then push the dangerous
knowledge to the back of his psyche as the mask
removes accountability.

System: This rite serves as a part of a coming-of-
age ritual but, when performed with the help of a
mage, actually defends against spirits that eavesdrop

CHAPTER @®Né: THE LANDS @F Nop — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA

i'
bp
VAG eH

on secret societies or interfere with the rite. Masquer-
ade to Adulthood also works as a change to the
supplicant's mind. The mage overseeing the rite per-
forms this ritual over the ceremonial mask and costume.
Effect successes with Spirit can be used to make a ward
against spirits. Once the mask is removed, the ward
ends (if it lasted through the whole rite at all, depend-
ing on the Effect's duration).

Successes used to mute the supplicant's Pattern
ties (with Correspondence) reduce the intensity of
anything connected to the supplicant's childhood.
The ritual turns boy into man; things that had an
arcane connection to the child have little or no ties to
the adult. Thus, a favored toy that counted as a
moderate arcane connection could be reduced to
having no special ties if the mage casting this Effect
scored enough successes. This doesn't stop the newly
released adult from building new arcane connections
with old things, of course.

PAINTING THE \X/ AR DANCE
(ee ITATTER, WITH © ITIIND OR ee TIME)

Bushman painters carry small gourds with their
own special mixes of color and use brushes teased out
from feathers or sticks to make the strikingly vivid rock
paintings for which they are famed. They are so skilled
that they need not hunt; instead, they travel from
gathering to gathering, telling tales and making paint-
ings in exchange for food and shelter. The most skilled
among the Bushmen painters, it is said, could evoke
motion and a semblance of life from their pictures.
Simple figures danced, moved and performed the sto-
ties that the Bushman painted.

System: With paints mixed by hand from various
natural sources, the magician draws and colors an image
of a story. Then, the mage channels his own thoughts
and images (with Mind magic) or past events and
history (with Time magic) into the image, and the
paintings move and take on their own semblance of life.
The picture shows the scene that the mage paints,
playing out history or the tales of the painter's choice
for the duration scored on the Effect roll. Most painters
use an extended Effect, spending a great deal of time on
the painting. With Time magic, such paintings can
show old battles, hunts and scenes from life; with Mind
magic, the mage can create whimsical and fanciful
tales. The Matter magic allows the paints to move and
spread across the rock after they are applied.

Once this Effect ends, the figures stop moving and
become normal paintings.

: ve % "iH t it


=)

SR NS

(eee SPIRIT OR @ ITTIND; @PTIONAL © °° LIFE)

Though evil spirits and thoughts can cause harm to
people, those malign influences can be reflected with a
proper mirror or a polished, reflective statue. Some-
times the spirit sees its reflection and is frightened; in
the case of evil thoughts, the whispers of malice are
reflected away from the target and dispersed into noth-
ingness. Shamans often place a mirror or reflective
statue next toa sick individual to protect him from the
evil influences that caused the sickness.

System: A reflecting mirror or statue wards against
the evil influences of spirits or mental attacks, depend-
ing upon how it's enchanted. One designed to reflect
malignant thoughts uses Mind magic, of course, while
one built with Spirit magic defends against evil spirits.
Such an Effect has the usual shielding/warding de-
fenses, though naturally mages most often employ this
rote for someone else's benefit. The statue defends
against ghosts or other supernatural powers that might
harm the subject. If Life is added, the figurine or mirror
also speeds the subject's healing.

SING DOWN THE RAIN
(eee ITIATTER, © ° FORCES)

Chanting old prayers or hymns to the dead, the
magician can coax ghosts into riding their clouds closer
to a desired location. As the dead shepherd the clouds
along, the magician convinces them to send down some
life-giving rain. Shamans used this Effect to guarantee
good crops; modern magicians might use the rain for
cover, to slow pursuit or just as a show of power.

System: The magician croons a short poem or song
that calls to the clouds and their ghostly riders. The
magic nudges the clouds to a desired destination with
Forces while causing them to give up some of their
moisture with Matter. The resulting saturation varies
with the mage's successes: One or two successes bring a
brief sprinkling, while five or six successes send down a
reasonable quantity of rain over a small area. An
extended ritual that scores 10 or 20 successes could
deluge an entire village. The difficulty might vary by
one or two points if it's cloudless or particularly humid
ona given day.

S@OTHE THE DEAD («© SPIRIT)

In Nigeria, priests warn that the remains of the
dead must not be disturbed lest their ghosts return to
haunt the living and cause catastrophes like poor crops
and droughts. To warn the people and to avoid drawing
attention from malignant spirits, priests use a voice
disguiser — a long, decorated tube that causes the

priest's voice to take on a booming, dissonant quality.
Not only is this distinctive to living listeners, but it
reminds the dead that they are remembered.

System: The mage must use a ritual trapping of
some sort, often an actual voice disguising tube, in order
to make his voice known to both the living and the
dead. Asamundane reminder to the living, the speeches
of the mage hopefully prevent Sleepers from digging
into things that they shouldn't — though in a place
where this sort of thing is unknown, it may well draw
curiosity from onlookers.

To the dead, the voice of a mage when it comes
through this device becomes resonant, commanding
and soothing. Knowing that they are remembered,
ghosts continue their slumber without disturbing the
living. The mage's Effect roll soothes ghostly passions,
causing them to sleep; if the mage manages to best the
ghost's Willpower in an extended roll, the ghost falls
into a torpor and does not bother the living for at least
eight hours, or until some object of significance to it is
disturbed. (In Wraith terms, the mage can force a
wraith into Slumber; the wraith Slumbers for a full
eight hours unless its Fetters are disturbed. An unwill-
ing wraith can use Pathos to fight off the Effect with the
power of its Passions, or spend Willpower to resist in the
same fashion that a living individual might resist a

Mind Effect.)
\W/ARDING HEADS (¢ « ¢ SPIRIT)

Carved heads are used in western Africa to ward off
the influence of malefic spirits. Placed in shrines or at
the edges of villages, the heads can be designed to
frighten, and thus dissuade hostile spirits, or they can be
made pleasant so as to mollify. Sometimes the heads are
actual masks that are used in masquerade rituals; other
times, they are simple figurines placed in tiny shelters
where they stand watch over the village.

System: The mage carves and paints a wooden
head, possibly as a hollow mask. The process of building
the head imbues it with the mage's power, so that it acts
as a ward against spirits. With enough time and effort,
the mage could actually make it permanent; in such a
case, the head is treated as an Artifact and its ward
works as long as the head remains intact and the ward
unpenetrated.

WALK TO TOOGA (eee SPIRIT)

This disturbing ritual is thought to protect the
mage after death on his journey to the afterlife. The
magician cuts off his own small finger (taking two
health levels of lethal damage) and focuses his power
through that sacrifice. Once the magician dies, be it of


age or through mischance, his soul moves on to the
afterlife unhindered by evil spirits or hazards. Obvi-
ously, since the lands of the living and the dead are now
separate, this ritual does not help the mage ina physical
walk to the Deadlands —rather, it defends his soul after
death in the Underworld.

In earlier days, Walk to Too'ga allowed the subject
to walk easily to the afterlife along the Orange River,
but that land of the dead is no longer present in the
world of the living. Indeed, this ritual was once so
simple that anyone could perform it, but now it requires
the use of magic.

System: In game terms, a subject protected by the
Walk to Too'ga is unlikely to become a ghost —
instead, his spirit moves on to its final rest, unhindered
by material concerns. If some driving need forces the
spirit to remain as a wraith, the Walk to Too'ga
protects and shields that wraith: The ghost enters the
afterlife shrouded from harm and near a hospitable
place in the Tempest, probably somewhere in the Dark
Kingdom of Ivory (see Wraith for information about
the Underworld). In short, the spirit is unlikely to
remain as a haunt, and even if magic is used to commu-
nicate with it, it arrives safely in a comfortable afterlife
instead of the torturous hells that dot the Underworld.

ARTIFACTS OF AFRICA

Magical tools blend seamlessly into African magi-
cal practice. Masks, figurines and paints focus
enchantment; is it the mage or the tool that holds
power? Magicians understand that some items and
practices hold a potency all their own, which is merely
drawn out by the cunning sorcerer. Still, a strong mage
can give an otherwise mundane object the gift of power.
Both views have importance in the synthesis of African
magic. An item may hold the power given it, or release
the power it naturally channels.

BIRD STAFF OF ®SANYIN
(3-PT. ARTIFACT: #1 PT. AS A PERIAPT)

According to Yoruba legend, the god Osanyin
watches over medicine and herbal remedies. When his
elder priests die, their spirits become birds. To represent
Osanyin's secrets, the shamans carry iron staffs tipped
with crude bird-shaped figurines all along the many
curving spires at one end. The staff helps to focus
Osanyin's power so that the shaman can call upon
knowledge of his departed elders.

Such a staff can channel the expertise of those past
lives; in effect, the holder has three extra dice of the
Dream Background. A few staffs also function like

Periapts, holding extra Quintessence; such staffs hold
only four or five points of Quintessence.

DIVINING STAFF (6-PT, ARTIFACT)

Just as a priest can seek out the guilty by searching
for evil thoughts and ill wishes, a divining staff can
pull toward such negative energies. A priest gathers
together the community and lets the staff guide his
hand. The staff, a long rod topped with two sharply
curving, overlapping spires, points to the person re-
sponsible for evil among the group. Even if the person
does not know of his transgressions or believe himself
evil, the staff attunes itself to the harmful energies
surrounding the subject.

A divining staff naturally seeks out the cause of
problems in a small community, much like the rote
Find the Guilty but without the concomitant limits.
The staff points out who is most likely responsible for
difficulties that the community faces. Such staffs are
not perfect, though, and can be fooled by protective
magic or may create more problems by pointing out
someone whose helpful actions inadvertently cause
trouble — the staff simply seeks the guilty, without
remorse for extenuating circumstances.

D@GON DIVINATION BowL
(2-PT. ARTIFACT)

The kola nuts and special trays used in ritual
divination are stored with the care one takes with holy
objects. Carefully adorned bowls with carvings of ani-
mals served as containers for divination tools. A bowl
that is blessed and used to store such tools increases
their efficacy for divinations.

Though the kola nuts and trays are simple focal
tools, they deserve the respect due their magical sta-
tion. When properly cared for and stored in a blessed
divination bowl, such focal tools greatly improve the
chance for a helpful and accurate divination; tools that
have resided in a divination bowl for at least a week
subsequently give a — 1 difficulty modifier to proper
divinations (such as the Dogon Divination rote).

HEALING FIGURINE (6-PT. ARTIFACT)

A mage can temporarily enchant a healing figu-
rine, but powerful magicians can craft figurines that
hold and continue to draw healing energy. Such figures
are valued as heirlooms, placed in a corner of a room
where they can watch over the wounded and constantly
exude vigor and health.

As an Artifact, a Healing Figurine doubles the
rate of natural recovery for anyone resting in the room
that it guards.

CHAPTER ®Né: THE LANDS @F N@D — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA 31


=

at
aise

AG

a

"ah

TTEDICINE BAG (2-PT. ARTIFACT)

A proper medicine bag holds the tools of the
shaman's trade. Not to be confused with the medicine
pouches of the Americas, an African medicine bag
holds bones, shells, twisted roots, sticks and teeth all
meant to help in calling upon the spirits for favorable
healing. Normally, such a pouch is considered a focus
for Spirit or Life magic, but a few are actually enchanted
to coax spirits to the shaman's aid.

A formally enchanted medicine bag grants one
additional die on all magical Effects that involve the
Spirit or Life Spheres for healing purposes. Conjunc-
tional Effects that heal and protect gain this bonus, but
anything else is out — a mage cannot weave a conjunc-
tional Effect that heals a friend while baking an enemy
and expect the medicine bag to help.

VICE DISGUISER (2-PT, ARTIFACT)

A voice disguiser looks like a simple tube, adorned
with colored seeds and a painted face at one end. A
priest speaks through such a device to distort his voice
and make it boom with authority. The Soothe the
Dead rote relies on such an object, but some magicians
invest a voice disguiser with the power to grant such
authority over the spirit world to anyone who speaks
through it. The magical form of a voice disguiser
allows the speaker to send his voice into the Under-
world, where its vibrations soothe ghosts, just as if
using Soothe the Dead — but an enchanted voice
disguiser can be used by anyone, not just a mage. So
long as the speaker recites praises to the dead or warns
the living not to interfere with their rest, the sound
weaves its sleepy charms upon ghosts.

A voice disguiser typically has two dice to attempt
to put ghosts into slumber (difficulty 5). It functions as
per the rote Soothe the Dead but works for anyone who
uses it properly.

ZULU \W/ ARSHIELD (2-PT. ARTIFACT)

The Zulu warriors used long, oval shields with
wooden reinforcements and hide coverings. Hide came
from cows herded by the Zulus, with each Zulu detach-
ment choosing its own patterns from the hides. After
being dried in the sun, buried under manure and pounded
into thin, hard layers with rocks, the hides were painted
with colors based upon the experience of the warrior to
carry it. It is said that Shaka believed that a shield
dipped in water could even deflect musket balls. Though
the Zulus fell to the British Army, they managed to
overtake most of the tribes of their era and even held off

Dutch explorers. Perhaps some of the shields really
could deflect bullets...

32 DeaD ITlacic

A treated Zulu Warshield is a rare trophy, and
certainly draws attention if carried openly. Protected
by magic and its rituals of construction, such a shield
adds an additional die to the soak pool of the person
who carries it. In addition, a shield of this size increases
an attacker's difficulty to hit by 2.

TRAVELER'S CHARITI (I-PT, CHARITI)

Soldiers often carried good luck charms into
battle; cattle herders carried bone charms to ensure
breeding and travelers sometimes asked priests to
bless an antelope horn charm for good travels. Such
charms slowly wore out but could be rebuilt, added to
and blessed again.

A good luck charm blessed by a priest or magician
brings luck to the wearer — such a charm could
provide a reroll on any one nonmagical task up to
three times before its power is used up. After that, it
must be blessed again.

STRANGE CREATURES
OF AFRICA

Africa's savannas and jungles are home to a few
legendary beasts mentioned in the campfire tales of the
natives. As large swaths of Africa regularly go without
any human contact for months at a time, and many of
the jungles and swamps are uninhabited by anything
but beasts, it is quite likely that the Bygones of Africa
survive unhindered in the far corners of the wilderness.
Indeed, hunters may well stumble across such creatures
from time to time, caught completely off guard.

RAIN BULL

Found only at the heads of streams and rivers, arain
bull appears to be nothing more than a fine specimen of
his species. A mystically sensitive hunter can tell,
though, that it carries with it a strong Resonance of the
water near which it lives. Legend has it that a rain bull
brings a downpour if its horns are roped with a blessed
thong and it is guided across dry fields. Should it be
slaughtered and its remnants buried by a priest, sweet
onions and other good crops are guaranteed to grow.

A hunter trying to rope a rain bull has to land a
thong around or over one or both of its horns —
generally, a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 8) is
appropriate. Then it's a contest of strength to tug the
bull into place; the bull uses Willpower to resist in
addition to its formidable strength, but once it's out of
Willpower, it becomes docile. Once startled, a rain bull
usually flees, but if cornered might well gore its assail-
ants (rain bulls do, afterall, have the same temperament
as normal bulls). Rain bulls could be thought of as living


reservoirs of Resonance and Tass; they are not really a
mystical creatures, and could be bred with normal
cattle (which would have no special traits). The rain
bull simply holds the power of water, which is released
by proper rituals.

Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1,
-3, -3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Gore for 8 dice; trample for 6 dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1
Quintessence: 5

Resonance: (Dynamic) Rainy 2

K@UTEIGN K@@ROU

The king of the water seems like a tremendous

snake, possibly with stunted horns on its head. It
occupies deep water in swamps, often in jungles far from
dangerous hunters. Unlike mundane reptiles, kouteign
koorou has a malign — if simple and animalistic —
intelligence, and it delights in crushing animals or
humans for the sheer pleasure of killing. Such a beast is
a true danger to travelers and wildlife alike, though its
hide or flesh might be useful in magical experiments.
Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -3,
-5, Incapacitated

evi

CHAPTER ®NE; THE LANDS @F NeD — SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA

Attack: Once kouteign koorou gets its coils around a
victim, it uses its Strength in a resisted roll against the
Strength of the victim; for each success, the victim
suffers one level of bashing damage. When the victim
runs out of bashing health levels and falls unconscious,
the snake continues crushing for lethal damage as it
collapses ribs and induces asphyxiation.

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3 (grappling with coils
only), Dodge 3

Quintessence: 10

Resonance: (Entropic) Thrashing 3

NAGL@PER.

The naglopers are strange humanoid sorcerers
that stalk humans during the night and feed upon the
life forces of their victims. As a nagloper approaches a
settlement, its magic puts the inhabitants to sleep.
The nagloper enters backwards so that its footprints
face the wrong way, and then it proceeds to drain life
from children and sexually assault adults while its
enchantments keep the people asleep. Victims wake
up exhausted, sometimes ill, and may even die if the
nagloper's attack was particularly ferocious. There are
various magical ways to deal with a nagloper, but most
require preparation in advance. Since a nagloper is
intelligent and often adorns itself to look like anormal
person (albeit traveling at night), this warning usually

' "ve '

LON xe
TR

de


only comes after it has assaulted at least one house-
hold. Individuals with magical senses might be able to
track a nagloper after it leaves a habitation, though,
and catch it in the midst of necromantic rituals as it
uses pieces of corpses for hideous spells. Naglopers can
also be identified by the fact that they are often
accompanied by baboons or owls, which serve them
and act as ill omens.

A nagloper can loosely conform to the rules fora
young vampire in the Antagonists chapter of Mage
Revised (p. 280). Since a nagloper feeds on life force
and necromantic energy, it must be affected with
conjunctional Life and Matter magic if its Pattern is
to be physically altered. Naglopers might have with
them owls or talking baboons (see below) and can
cast various curses, sleeping enchantments and life-
stealing Effects.

TALKING BABOON

Even today, Bushmen claim to be able to speak,
haltingly, with some baboons. According to Bushman
tales, the baboons themselves once spoke just like
humans — but perhaps the two races grew apart, or the
baboons were cursed to remain animals. Biologists
claim that a baboon cannot speak human languages
because its vocal structure is too primitive, buta human
could imitate baboon noises. However, there might
well be a few baboons out there whodostill chatter away
in languages that men might understand.

Talking baboons merely possess a basic intelli-
gence, but they can be quite cunning and dangerous.
Since baboons often accompany naglopers, are
known as tricksters and can use simple tools, they
can be an interesting challenge to a group used to
more sophisticated opponents. Wise individuals
look around for other problems if a talking baboon
shows up — a nagloper may be near, and the baboon
probably has friends of its own, in addition to being
a symbol of bad luck.

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -3, -3, -5,
Incapacitated

Attack: Punch for 2 dice, bite for 3 dice; may use crude
weapons

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4

AFRICA'S ITIYTHIC PLACES

Not only is Africa the birthplace of humanity, but
spirituality began here as well. Even though the Gaunt-
let long ago sundered material from spiritual, many
places in Africa still touch the world that holds its

34 Deap ITlacic

heart. Perhaps more than any other place, Africa re-
tains sites of brutal, natural majesty and mystique.

Nodes are still fairly common in Africa, as well as
natural gates to Umbral Realms of wilderness and
unspoiled nature. As civilization encroaches, such spots
become increasingly rare; strip-mining for precious
metals and gems, constant warfare between nations,
and bitter postcolonial tensions can make the Mirror
Worlds dangerous in Africa. The wilds are hazardous
for their own reasons, but when travelers find places
seldom trod by men, their natural strength is the strength
of the untrammeled earth.

QUIVER TREE FOREST

Southern Africa is largely arid, so a stand of three
hundred aloe trees in one dry place is an unusual sight
indeed. Spread across several acres in Namibia is a
collection of such bushes, firmly rooted in the rocky
soil. As some of the plants are two or three hundred
years old, this "forest" is certainly a strange spectacle.
It's quite possible that the forest has been there for ages,
and that the oldest trees there were simply young ones
in a larger forest long ago. Protected by law, the forest
is a reminder of the flourishing life in the midst of the
African desert. The trees themselves grow up to twenty
feet in height, with smooth trunks and bright yellow
flowers on their branches.

Quiver Tree Forest takes its name from the sub-
stance of the aloe plants: Native Bushmen and Khoi-khoi
made quivers for their arrows from the tough but flex-
ible material. Though the tribes have since moved on
to other places, the forest remains. Primitivists have to
collect the bark surreptitiously since the government
frowns upon damaging local tourist attractions, but
wood taken from the trees carries a useful Resonance.
The bark can be shaped into many forms of flexible
containers; such objects are resilient and easily take on
properties that a mage might invest them with.

A mage who watches carefully might catch a thin-
ning of the Gauntlet here, too — it's easier to step into
primitive Umbral Realms, places where memories re-
side from the days when mankind hunted across the
veldt with bows. In small clusters of the trees, a mage
could even find a way through the Umbra's Avatar
Storm, stepping quietly into the spirit world while the
rugged trees shake off the worst effects of the wind.

GIANT'S PLAYGR®UND

Only a few miles from Quiver Tree Forest, the
Giant's Playground is a great field of dolerite boulders.
The angular rocks have the appearance of tremendous
building blocks once used by giants, as if worn by huge


hands and left haphazardly strewn across the landscape.
Overlapping with crumbling edges, the boulders form a
veritable maze, and indeed some people lose their way
in the winding corridors between the stones. Presum-
ably volcanic in origin, the rocks bear a doleful weight,
as if they were left behind after their playful owners
moved on to other things.

Pieces of stone from the Giant's Playground could
holda tiny bit of Tass, but a mage needs to get away from
the well-traveled tourist areas on the outskirts and
become lost somewhere in the maze of boulders. A

wanderer might do best to simply let his mind go and
stagger throughout the corridors without thought; some-
where in the middle, the rocks themselves contain
memories of older times. Sensitive mages might pick up
fleeting images of earth when the stones were young,
when great things walked the land (or when fiery
volcanoes spewed forth chunks of rock — the images
depend upon the mage's personal view of the past).
However, anyone who becomes lost in the boulder
maze needs to find his way out — he might run into
other things that got lost long ago.

ve , "i t it

SAN AED

isis

Wan tint:

ee



eS , ors
VAT es

CHAPTER I \/e:
THE CRADLE @F
CIVILIZATION —
[TIES@POTAMIA

IN SUITIERIAN: DR, W/INSTON BROW/N
ABR@AD IN BABYLO@NIA.

Wh backwater that withers a op the xuime of Babylon, you can get whatever you want — someome.
ts daughter maybe, on a big, itis ball of hau, or the paupoxt of a dead European Sournalit, if you
# N'} can whit until morning, The ican embargo haunt been kind, Unchins and flier aud poverty
and broken-dowm Volkimayenr and the whole biti delaced porter of Saddam Huse om
wall, T dowt want to sound like another Wertena capitalixt atthole, because God knows thats all
thin place meedi, but Al Hiklak ix a skithole by any standard,
The partially restoned Hanging Gardens are gaudy and full of tourists, Tom still figuring that one out,

Tam at ing 1m a hotel ie tuat pauses fon the rice part of the city, which is to say the part farthest brom
"endoei TE ace is called the Royale Grand Paix, built by some Trump clone when le were on the other
tide of the Tram-Tnaq coullict, The name sound onl Mighty ex ridiculous im thamilation, Sttl, ifs not a bad
Hophouse if youre @ foreign conkempondent who's too'tomid to sheep m Baghdad. Theres a fot of preu credential:
E around — mot bad couer for ah BB year old white guy trom Kansas, even though Americans are pretty

¢ WY 5 slaly 1997
aN Whee be alled Ballon « whose was night om the mony, Tn AL Hila the rambling

ce there doxys, Unlex they're im FAG, I dean,

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — ITles@P@TATIA

Ls REE ij ' ve . "iH t

iAET7

a |
AD

%, eae

Taw) SRE

A'S £)\ Sa Yi

‘i )i

\I¢

q
vi

tas
Leyje

>

ee


wer sent awe here to thack down some original uemion of the Sebel-e-Malough Whaik.
"Batini named Rabbinath and Deciomur adapted it for use 1 combating Nechandi, The original ix
md older than Rabbinath and Decimur and olden than the Latin of the canliert known edition,
copies have been pretty scarce since the Lugiton, Even Dr, ‘Bonet cant tind ome and the
m Ban at atin calls, Grumes Hanks the original wer written an Sumerian, He thanks
(pak ag
or ds hg gl I cn tnd aah re a ac Sit, Neg ogc ome
theres mo good reasow for the book on the tablets on whatever the bell they are to stich around, TW ed the
of comme, because thats the way it goer, Tue got a good record with this sont of thing, TRhefand tee Wark,
fea the old rituals, AU amy. grandmother and retine to Rawnrence aad arait Arcension an the ert file, Did I
mrention that the water tarter lamny here? Bedtime,
7 July 1999
Te et d 1 of the search have been {ruitfen, Tm mot foo worried? timer always wasted at the beginning. A
jeweler and local politico mamed Auad promised to dow me the ruins of Etemenanki, He took me out in the
desert and drove olf with my backpack alter we stopped 10 I could'piut, Im too old ton this shit. A svar madam
am the market doum: the irtneet trom the Grand Priv said that Mad wile El beth had beautilul hair and had
ee te hae back forall loan Oe
Exelyn w she called me a Whore of Pepsi and ipit on my: het,
i auistant B; ar A tel ds A ell re
Ed Banana & mapliig: wud Tn trot koe Boa Uy thangs. Her om bis
it tell me whic Ant) and does wally plete decd St but hel? eee.
an ett ones pathetic dead: end, Still, her a Slt ews
enthusiastic, like I used to be, Bi tee eecge tag ot oll Tm looking tor the
but be doeut have the gutil T Oe es teto lb Find out

Bryan returned last night. Baghd Baghdad was a bust. No real fuck am Al Hitlah, either, T met a varmpine
al-Mowi 1 a eye Ps eg ae
feuon, He couldnt tell me Whask on the demonx'of ofd Babylon, though. He did,
sad ig ne destined 62 Seok Loti ode Rd ease ec toil
about Sumerian collections and whatnot,
There wos some unpleriantneu and al-Morinak hadto be dealt with, When I get home, Tl apologize to
Stan for my disparaging remarks about House fembeou.,
M July 1999
The damn tablets are in the Britihh Mureum, Dn. Ghali, ‘the archeol ogist recommended by. al Moriyal,
remembered six in Sumerian that were i particulart bad condition, The military here collects stull every. eo
oh ad ia up selling the relict to the B The bixtorie types 1 separate out the jt junk that just looks ofd
and ship the 9 aul to Pondon, Chama ut te tables Twat T dot thnk de all "oll Slt
sileee oure willing to be vulgar, eMiR iad sg de tor lace The stupid things were
lene the le time, but T arrived Late and mow Trion the wrong ae ryan {lew up with ome of
Mons yo Hse, te eb song asi le Idee ne cea onl

Fibraxian catcher up to ame, T lope my, kidneys last long enough fox me to ce Bryan return,

Talked to Bryon today, He got th tablets and ion lic way back fo Lrg wth ancont my
m bis arm,

wits lw ve T nade he We What de I tlt an? T cnt
Grames and Tare in pebite Brom Nehancas, ulf-wul and ae
SMe vet cee rata tM par dl alk pet ok Cott

"A de tgerlarhelilene ar jor. Ia a phece m ad pew of the Lawrence Methodict
Cleaich fox omy cBrtinmation, mome of ux haew she wax bent, broom-niding, imuerted-Auatar whore of the"
Tnlemnal Void,

Buta boy cam altuays forgive hic grandmother, wwler dhe hills bir wile,

$5 July 1999

gan arrived with the tablets, ine broken and a mean read. I can decipher mort of ome incantation tea
ott out tomorrow morning. Hope the dull thats mining iunt too important,

1B July 1447

Gpoke to Ea, staf of the Abgu, lather of Marduk, today. Ea, the god of the subterranean [redevater ocean
eee een seats Nubian &
~Bmawow bir lather by, reciting, bi titles, Ea fo me with the uimal lorned cap of divinity? stream of water
* Cubterramean {red water, I ausame) with bi an bk Wai om he es ol i ete Rob
& I atked lim to share with ame the wisdom of Babyfows pact and he said to me, ‘My som, what ix there that
bs dint bon? Ut con Tc? AU tet bo ge ln bon ‘But with the o! igatony Jedi rtull out of
We sng fetid ae cost fon of oft) and bow it war infected with demows, and how they. came trom
many underworld, connapting. and priecti, wvinckiel m homer and spreading disease — all the cLaui
demon stull thats0ld hat now, excegt that it texted im "Babylon. The Babylonians mented it, But Ea
me may things — he showed me low fo read the tars, and howd to protect the dead.

T asked Ea if be could autroduce ame to Siduri, the barmaid-godden, He declined, ARC in all, he wos a pleasant
"prt, defanitely aged but wot too sel important, Tue met wore,

SO July 1997

~ Spent the last few days with'Ea on the bar at the Grand Prixnmortly going over old ritual and bistony
and du: Ex told ae bois Ballon define, an way, Manda ell tec. Toe erucrbed some of the fo

Nitualis ond awaited them oll ts euryone I owe a favor to. Gramegets « le since bes the ome. who
turned ame om to-the Babylomians an the linet place, Tom sendoag tit impo ante iae gumae aaa
by on on Tat dn mn dc ea oda th edn fe od

wa the Babyfowian snrcenont modern inberitons, the Nedandi, lave mead to Learn trom the old method,
Aad the beck part about ts that the spells wed to mowvon demons are damn near wou to the Neanct, lowe dark
rwagjer escaped the trlerwall of the city loug belore itr dectime and mow every, two-bit Satanist kaovur them,
'~ Bryan never got to meet Ea, I st him back to Boston early and told him to sit tight, Hell have other
ey. rene gods, Ea and:T are packing our bags and heading back to the States, Im going to dowd him the

Tiny SAPO RENS T up through the middle of the county and then it
> cpesrtl Sheisih Renin Ti pts men facts bi Grid Bion i the lint ome
doeunt work, he cskiione al

MONA 4 AY

tr
y

SOAS Twe: THE CRADLE @F CIVILIZATION — [TES@PeTAMIA 39

bea atk a , Hy t it


When on high the heaven had not been named
Firm ground below had not been called by name,
} There was nothing but primordial Apsu, their
father,
And Mother Tiamat, who bore them all,
Their waters commingling in a single body;
No reed hut had been matted, no marsh land
f had appeared,
When no gods whatsoever had been brought into being,
Uncalled by name, their destinies undetermined,
Then it was that the gods were formed within them.
— The Babylonian creation epic, the Enuma Elish
Tiny bands of people, struggling to survive, dot-
ted the face of the ancient world. Among the earliest
of those cultures were the people living between the
Tigris and Euphrates Rivers. The land was fertile,
and the inhabitants learned to plant grains and tend
crops. As time passed, their settlements grew and
prospered. This land is known as Mesopotamia, Greek
for "between the rivers." It is an area that stretches
over parts of the modern nations of Iraq, Kuwait,

Anatolia

CATAL HUYUK

< [Damascus

JOR

JERICHO

@©HOBR@OHO||OROBOKOIOHOE

ANCIENT MESOPOTAMIA

%
SYRIAN DESERT ? Luristan a
Te: So alec wT aval
ZAGROS ANTS.
Sa ad (@)
MEDITERRANEAN if BYBLOS MARI hia Bi ASMAR > —~~s— fom

ee
JAMDAT NASR| SUSA
1A 7Ke "fan

Saudi Arabia, and Iran, and is often considered the
area where civilization was born.

The ancient cities of Mesopotamia were unlike
anything the world had ever seen before. In Erech, in
Kish, in Ur and Eridu, humans prospered. For the first
time, people could apply their creativity to something
other than day-to-day survival. Art and literature flour-
ished. Scholars began studying the universe around
them, attempting to understand it, to change it, to
control it. The discoveries and innovations of the
ancient Near Eastern peoples shaped the futures of their
nations, and served as the cornerstone for the cultures
that followed them.

Sumer was the first known civilization in the
world, located in the southern part of Mesopotamia.
Twelve thousand years ago, nomadic hunter-gatherer
tribes wandered throughout the land, living off of
what the earth had to offer. This mysterious group of
people developed a common language unrelated to
any other known human tongue. Eventually they
learned to grow food of their own and began to
congregate in areas most favorable to farming. In time,

OHOU@HOE

SEFIDR

JARMO

Ole)

BABYLON
URUK
Sumer a
ur [] ‘ ©)
eripu [a] ‘ aval

Oo:

"wee
ANCIENT COAST LIN!
ANCIENT COAST LINE OG

~ A ri
W274i

y=

Writing is essential to civilization. Its develop-
ment is closely related to urbanization and the
formation of centralized government. As the an-
cient Near East is often considered the birthplace
of civilization, it isn't surprising that the earliest
forms of writing also appear in that area.

Sumerians developed cuneiform, named for
Latin word for "wedge-shaped." It draws its name
from the shape of the strokes, which are thick at
the start of the stroke and narrow at the end.
Several strokes combined form a symbol. A single
symbol could have a variety of purposes. Some
represented sounds or syllables. Others repre-
sented an entire word or idea. Still others had
grammatical functions.

During the second half of the fourth millen-
nium B.C., several cultures began using tokens
imprinted into clay for business transactions.
These tokens were mostly pictographic so they

ad meaning in any language. In addition, some

f these tokens were scratched with a reed stylus
to indicate various features. As these scratches
became more common, they developed into sym-
bols rather than pictures.

When people began building the first cities,
temples and palaces, new symbols appeared with
greater frequency. Many lacked the token they
were associated with earlier. Drawing curved lines
and intricate figures in wet clay was difficult, so the
lines gradually became straighter and the figures
simpler. Thus evolved the first form of writing.

they formed the first cities. Perhaps they descended
from the nomadic Bushmen of Africa, who moved
north into less arid regions; for whatever reason, they
developed cities before their predecessors.

Uruk, patronized by the gods An and Inanna, was
one of the area's most prosperous cities, and the era
that is named for it starts in about 3800 B.C. when the
city was founded. It was located near the Euphrates
River about forty miles from Ur. The people of Uruk
built what is thought to be the first ziggurat and began
using cylindrical clay seals that later developed into
the earliest method of writing, cuneiform. Today, the
site is known as Warka.

Tammuz the shepherd supposedly came to power
during this period. After his reign as king, Tammuz was
worshipped as one of the pastoral gods and figures
prominently in Sumerian mythology, where he is por-

S —R TW: THE CRADLE @F CIVILIZATION — ITIES@P@TAITIA

VALI

trayed as the paramour of Istar. This could be connected
to the Eanna of Uruk, elaborately decorated temples
dedicated to Istar, which were built during this period.
These buildings served municipal purposes as well as
their religious functions. At these temples, craftsmen
practiced their arts. The priests were often in charge of
storing surplus food and distributing it as needed.

The Jemdat Nasr period, from 3200 to 2900 B.C.,
is best described as an extension and decline of the
Uruk period. The Great Flood supposedly took place
during this era. It is possible that the legends of the
flood may have been based on an extraordinarily
devastating flood of the Tigris, the Euphrates or both
into the already marshy land surrounding them.
Unlike the Nile, which flooded regularly and pre-
dictably each year, the two rivers of the fertile crescent
were temperamental.

The Early Dynastic period lasted from 2900 to 2370
B.C. ; the capital shifted to Kish, one of the possible
sites of the legendary Tower of Babel.

Some of the kings of this era evolved into mythic
heroes later on, and some were even deified. One of
the earliest kings, Etana, secured the First Dynasty of
Kish and established rule over all Sumer. The tradi-
tional Istar fertility ritual may have its origins during
Etana's reign, as the Babylonians later believed that
he rode to the heavens on the back of a giant eagle
and received the "plant of birth" from Istar so that he
might produce an heir.

BUREAUCRACY

The ancient Mesopotamian city-states were
constantly at war with one another, because
water was a scarce resource. Over time, the
victorious city-states grew larger by absorbing
conquered lands. These states needed a new
form of government in order to manage larger
areas and diverse groups of people. As a result,
the Sumerians developed what is thought to be
the world's first monarchy.

Inthe Sumerian government, the political and
religious systems were closely interwoven. Theensi
was a sort of priest-king. His duties included lead-
ing the military, regulating trade and national
finance, adjudicating civil disputes and leading or
participating in the most important religious func-
tions. The other members of the priesthood, who
acted as the state's bureaucrats, aided him in thesé
tasks. These people had the distinct honor of being
the world's first pencil pushers.


nee

Every successful culture has to have some
form of social regulation and conflict resolution.
The Sumerians went a step further and solidified
this system into a code of law, notable for three
distinct features: :

Law is administered by a central authority so
that retribution does not escalate into a cycle of
perpetual revenge. Sumerian law is balanced be-
tween personal revenge and bureaucratic
judicature. It is up to the accuser to drag (some-
times literally!) the defender to the court, but the
court then determines the nature of the requital.
Second, laws must be‘written. This allows the
system to become independent from both its cre-
ators and administrators. The law, not a person,
determines justice. Finally, Sumerian law pro-
vides the first known institution of lex talionis,
which is a form of judgement in which the punish-
ment fits the crime. Lex talionis reveals that
revenge is the fundamental basis for law: don't get
mad, get even, as the saying goes.

Sumerian law is also noteworthy in that it

ade allowances for distinctions between classes.

A crime against a priest or member of the ruling
class was far more serious than one against a slave;
however, the penalty was more severe for members
of the upper classes than for those from lower
classes who committed the same crime.

Although few records of Sumerian law exist,
later cultures adopted many of their practices,
including their legal system. A Babylonian docu-
ment, the Code of Hammurabi, reproduces the
earlier statutes fairly accurately, proving that the
Sumerian laws recorded on the stele at Ur-Nammu
had lasting importance in the region.

Uruk was still powerful during this time.
Meskiaggasher founded the Dynasty of Uruk, and he
and the kings who followed him were known as the
"sons of Shamash," the sun god. A few generations
later, around 2600 B.C., the mythical hero Gilgamesh
took the throne of Uruk. Another prominent city, Ur,
was ruled by Mesannepadda. The rulers of Uruk, Kish,
and Ur became involved in a three-way power struggle.

Although Mesannepadda was eventually victori-
ous, taking the traditional title of King of Kish,
Gilgamesh became a demigod, immortalized in the
earliest epic poems.

DEAD IT1Acic

The constant wars between the city-states weak-
ened the entire region. Eventually, the Kish and Uruk
dynasties faded and other city-states could not main-
tain a firm hold over the empire. Sumer was perfect for
conquest; Sargon seized the opportunity.

Sargon united Sumer with the region of Akkad to
the north. His realm extended all the way from the
Mediterranean Sea to the Indus River. He built the city
of Agade, established an ostentatious court there, and
erected a new temple in Nippur. Trade from the new
empire and lands beyond made Nippur the center of
world culture during Sargon's reign.

However, his dynasty lasted for less than 40 years
after his death. Rebellion consumed the empire, and
Uthegal of Uruk finally raised an army and deposed
Sargon's successor. Unfortunately for him, one of his
lieutenants usurped his rule and established the third
Ur dynasty shortly before 2100 B.C.; Ur-Nammu
intensified his control over the area by defeating the
city-state of Lagash. He soon gained control over all
the Sumerian provinces.

Ur-Nammuestablished the earliest known examples
of recorded law and ordered the construction of the
phenomenal ziggurat of Ur, astructure that towered 60°
high (about as tall as a five or six story building) and
stretched over 200' wide. For the next century, Sumer
prospered, but the society collapsed shortly after 2000
B.C. when the Amorites, a Semitic people from Syria
and Arabia, migrated into the area and gained control
of the region. A few city-states managed to keep their
independence for a while, but eventually they were
absorbed into the rising empire of Babylon.

Although the Sumerian empire eventually with-
ered, the culture managed to persist much longer.
The infiltration of the Amorites was gradual, and the
small tribes that moved into populated areas often
adopted the practices of the local inhabitants. Over
time, the Amorites became familiar and even com-
fortable with Sumerian ways. Although the original
creators of Mesopotamian civilization were no longer
in control, their culture survived and flourished
under their successors.

The Amorites centralized Mesopotamian govern-
ment. They chose for their capital the city of Babylon.
In contrast to Sumer's independent and relatively au-
tonomous city-states, the Babylonian empire consisted
of dozens of interconnected cities. In order to keep the
civilization stable, power shifted from individual cities
to the Babylonian monarch.

One of the results was a new set of laws invented by
the Babylonians — laws that dealt with crimes against


the state. In addition, the state was given more power
to deal with criminals. Punishments became drastically
more severe— the death penalty applied to any number

of crimes. With so much power in the government,
corrupt officials became more and more common as the
empire settled into a pattern of decadence.

THE T@W/ER OF BABEL

And he cried mightily with a strong voice,
saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen,
and is become the habitation of devils, and the
hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every

— Revelation 18:2, King James Version

The name "Babylon" means "the gate
of God" but what walked through the gates
was anything but holy. While the mysteri-
ous East and the haunted forests of pagan Europe had
known demons since prehistory, the city of Babylon
was a Casablanca for Infernal entities. Servants of
Entropy, star-bound creatures from the outer Void and
denizens of the Pit nested within the walls of the first
great city. While truck with demons and the binding of
foul spirits is now standard practice for Nephandi and
other sell-souls in the modern World of Darkness,
Babylon was the birthplace of the summoning arts.
Long before anything like the "Nephandi" or the "Tra-
ditions" arose, Mesopotamian sorcerers sought opulence
and power through favor from the Underworld. Before
hell existed in the human imagination, Babylon vied to
become hell on earth.

Some say little has changed since the time of this
first great city. The modern metropolis is equally
hellish — a busy, impossibly confusing place where
the multitudes scurry to fulfill their obligations as
prisoners of complexity. Although cities are the locus
of culture and industry, cynics argue that they are also
dirty, crime-ridden, overcrowded blights. Urbanity
lifts citizens above the animal existence of the past or
the uninspiring alternative of subsistence agriculture
but dehumanizes the people it seeks to elevate. New
York, London, Tokyo — Babylons all. In the end, a
city is defined by its demons.

THR®UGH GATES @F BRONZE

To speak of "ancient Babylon" is something of a
redundancy, since the city's history begins with the
arrival of its first settlers around 4000 B.C. and ends
when the city finally crumbles under Sassanian ne-
glect in the third century. Located 60 miles south of
modern Baghdad at Al Hillah, Babylon stood for
centuries as Mesopotamia's center of culture, reli-
gion and commerce. The city straddled the Euphrates,

with the old city on the east bank. High triple-walls
made of glazed blue bricks surrounded Babylon. De-
pictions of monsters and demons adorned this
intimidating barrier. Travelers entered Babylon
through towering gates of bronze.

The Babylonian economy was primarily agri-
cultural, but also supported a class of priests and
nobles who maintained their power by controlling
the expansive irrigation system that watered the
otherwise arid land.

The fundamental economic principle at work in
Babylon is best exemplified by the city's Hanging Gar-
dens, later described by the Greeks as one the Seven
Wonders of the World. As the story goes,
Nebuchadnezzar had a bride from a distant land who
wasn't acclimated to the heat of the region. To make
her comfortable and remind her of her home country,
Nebuchadnezzar built a cool, shady garden on the roof
of a vaulted terrace in the northwestern corner of the
oldcity. To maintain this opulence, prodigious amounts
of water had to be pumped from the Euphrates to the
upper terrace. Hydraulic pumps — and around-the-
clock shifts of slaves — did the job.

The great city of Babylon worshipped an equally
great patron: Marduk. His realms of influence changed
over the course of his worship, but were primarily
matters of wisdom and urban life. Modern scholars
among the Verbena and Hermetics conclude that
Marduk was probably some sort of higher Umbrood
who refined the Pattern basic to all cities, the Pattern
that informs the Tellurian whenever large human
populations converge.

Marduk's followers in old Babylon, and the few
who keep his cult alive today, would vehemently
disagree with the ghettoization of their god as a mere
spirit. Regardless, the worship of Marduk coincided
with the rise of Babylon to economic and cultural
prominence. But while Marduk's presence defined the
first great city and provided the pattern for the great
cities that followed, the priests of Etemenanki co-
opted his ambitious design for Babylon and turned the
city into a haven for things Infernal.

Babylon swarmed with demons. From the time of
Hammurabi until the city's decline under Seleucia, the
conspiracy of Etemenanki invited malice and profanity

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — ITES@P@TAITIA 43

ve : "Hy t ik


The ancient tongues that the people of the fertile
rescent used to describe and explain their world
ave long since faded away. Some of the words
emain, though they offer only the slightest taste of

e language.

Abubu: A huge winged monster, used to repre-
sent the Flood.

An: The heavens. Also the name for the Sumerian
sky god.

Anki: The universe. :

Anunnaku: 1. The primordial gods who ruled
fore Creation, undifferentiated by names. 2.The
fifth section of the Enuma Anu Enlil that details
omina of particular use to Awakened astrologers.

Arallu: The abode of the dead in the Under-
world, ruled by Ereshkigal.

Bau: A term coined for the authors of the
Anunnaku section of the Enuma Anu Enlil.

Bel: 1. A later name for Marduk. 2. The high
priest of the conspiracy of Etemenanki, responsible
for overseeing the temple of Marduk and administer-

ig the Sacred Marriage.

Cella: The central shrine of a ziggurat.

En: The high priest of a ziggurat.

Enlil: Sumerian air god; eclipsed An, the sky god,

in Babylonian history. He rules the earth from
fhe air, while An oversees the heavens.

Enki: Sumerian god of wisdom.

Ensi: Priest-king.

Enuma Anu Enlil: A sequence of tablets from
Babylon containing instructions for predicting the

ture based on celestial events.

Ereshkigal: Sumerian goddess of the Underworld.

Esagil: The temple of Marduk and his wife
Sarpanitu, located in Babylon.

Etemenanki: "The foundation of heaven and
arth," the name of the ziggurat located in Babylon.

Etemmu: Ghosts that sometimes return to seize
living persons.

inside the walls. In came the servants of Entropy, those
beings who serve the primordial spirit of destruction;
Infernal demons, apparently the servants of a hell that
exists either deep in the Umbra or in some fracture in
space; and the Things-That-Should-Not-Be, the deni-
zens of the outer darkness, the Void, those unexplainable,
gibbering creatures who long to enter this universe. All
three shared the splendid city.

44 DEAD ITlAcic

Gallu: Demons that carry the spirits of the dead
off to the Underworld.

Igigi: The great gods.

Ki: The Earth.

Lilitu: A scorpion-tailed she-wolf often thought
to represent Lilith.

Marduk: Patron god of Babylon, a god of wisdoi
and magic.

Me: The rules and traditions handed down by thé
gods.

Melam: The blessing of the gods. Often conveys
a shining aura to the recipient and can be worn of
removed like an article of clothing. Symbolized in arg
as a crown or sigil.

Mimma lemmu — All evil.

Mushussu: An enormous snakelike dragon, thé
favored form of Tiamat.

Omina: 1. A sign foretelling the future, especiall
one derived from observation of the heavens. 2. A
specific omen listed in the Enuma Anu Enlil.

Ni: Not Monty Python's herring-wielding knights
but a mantle of fear, the opposite of Melam. A
creeping sensation of physical dread (adrenaline rushj
sweats, pounding heart) accompanies the vestment

Sacred Marriage: A ceremony of ritual prostitu
tion used to summon demons in the temple atop
Etemenanki.

Sibit Etemmu: Possession, usually by a ghost;
resulting in seizures.

Stele: A pillar, often decorated or inscribed.

Utu: Sumerian sun god, brother to Inanna; not to
be confused with Uttu.

Urttu: Sumerian goddess of weaving, correspon:
ing to Stasis in some modern cosmologies. Her sig
also connotes "spider."

Ziggurat: A staged temple; from "zaqaru," meat
ing high or raised up.

Zisurru: "Flour which makes a boundary," a spe
cially prepared powder used for warding circles.

ETEMENANKI

Near the Western wall of the old city stood a seven-
tiered ziggurat named "Etemenanki," which means "the
foundation of heaven and earth." The enormous struc-
ture stood 91 meters high and its base was one hundred
square meters (or about 273 feet high with a 300 square
foot base). Etemenanki's origins are lost to history, but


some speculate that Hammurabi ordered its construc-
tion around 1830 B.C.; the ziggurat has probably been
there as long as Babylon itself, with rulers throughout
the city's long life adding new tiers or expanding the
base. Some theologians equate Etemenanki with the
Tower of Babel from the Old Testament; the story's
accounts of strange tongues and ambitions to reach the
stature of God seem to confirm the research of Dr.
Winston Brown, who unearthed numerous Babylonian
rituals for the Order of Hermes.

A temple to Marduk stood on the highest tier of
the Etemenanki. While ceremonies performed in his
honor certainly took place there for-centuries, an-
other worship clandestinely shared the temple with
the god of the city.

THE CONSPIRACY OF
ETEIMENANKI

Before Creation, there were the Anunnaku. The
Pure Ones experimented with the Quintessence that
would one day become the Tellurian. But some of the
old gods trapped themselves in the knots in the threads
of the Tapestry. Within these knots, the Anunnaku
panicked and devoured the Patterns around them.
From this harvest, the gods absorbed a trickle of Quin-
tessence to sustain them in their captivity. These trapped
gods became the Void, and the stars were their prisons.

But even from the first times, humanity knew the
names of the unnamed gods. Men whispered to the
heavens at night as they looked up at the stars and
begged for power. Their prayers were answered. The
things in the Void used their starry snares to communi-
cate with those who sought them, promising their
strength in exchange for freedom.

High priests and slaves, retired public officials and
second-born sons, Awakened mages and Sleepers looked
to the skies for signs from the Void. In the nights under
Hammurabi, their number was small. By the time of
Nebuchadnezzar, almost half of the officials and priests
in Babylon joined the dark society. Influential follow-
ers of the Void ensured that the En of Marduk, when he
wasn't a part of the conspiracy himself, turned a blind
eye to the nightly rituals that took place in Marduk's
temple atop Etemenanki. Eventually, Marduk's wor-
ship was relocated to Esagil so that the quiet heresies at
the ziggurat could proceed uninterrupted.

The conspirators chose a priest from among their
ranks, called the Bel in mockery of Marduk. The selec-
tion process changed through the centuries, but in the
time of Nebuchadnezzar it was a contest to summon the
most powerful demon.

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE @F C.

Etemenanki, guided by one Bel or another, became
the first "Labyrinth" even before the word was used.
From the high perch overlooking the city, astrologers
studied the signs and fulfilled their masters' wishes. The
conspirators used their Void-born magics to bring
Babylon to prominence and ensure their lengthy rule.
At the same time, the origins of many modern
Nephandic traditions began in the splendid city.
Etemenanki became something of a laboratory for
Qlippothic Entropy; mages took their first timid steps
into the Deep Umbra and the Underworld. And some-
time around 1500 B.C., even before the last rock of
Stonehenge was set in place, the mages of the first
Labyrinth created a gate.

THE SACRED ITIARRIAGE

In the fifth century B.C., Herodotus traveled the
Mediterranean world. Of Babylon, he wrote that every
woman in the city must spend a night in the "Temple
of Aphrodite" atop Etemenanki to await a conjugal
visit from Marduk. The account was wildly inaccurate,
of course. The truth Herodotus missed was worse.

The priests of the conspiracy used a ritual called the
"Sacred Marriage" to activate their Gate. They weak-
ened the Gauntlet — and the ancient Gauntlet was
paper thin compared to today's — to corrupt Marduk's
temple from its holy purpose. The statues, usually
gawking in awe of the gods, shut their eyes. An altar
with legs carved like those of an animal revealed itself
in the center of the cella. Conspirators brought their
wives, daughters and female slaves up the stairs of the
ziggurat. The "Inanna" awaited the Bel's attentions.
The intensity of hours of chants and intercourse — Bel
standing, Inanna on the altar — gave the Void the
strength to manifest in Babylon. In Etemenanki, the
foundation of heaven and earth, the two realms came
together to bridge the waters between. Sometimes
taking on Infernal forms, sometimes using the Inanna
as the host, demons beset the city.

It wasa glorious time to lose one's soul. Things from
the Void, andsoon Malfeans and others demons as well,
had free reign over the city. They troubled the sleep of
children and whispered in the ears of kings. And they
rewarded those who invited them inside the walls.
Members of the conspiracy gained power over all of
Mesopotamia. Babylon became a center of art and
trade. Babylon became a great city. Although the first
visitors were inconsequential, soon Lords of real power
came down from Etemenanki. According to the
Sumerian tablets that inspired the Sebel-el-Mafough
Whash, one of the trapped Anunnaku walked through
the gate to welcome Cyrus the Persian to Babylon.

IVILIZATION — ITIES@P@TAIIA

ve ' "Hy


Marduk saw the mockery of his temple and the
corruption of his great city, and sought to reclaim what
had been stolen from him. His followers were quick to
oblige; the growing audacity of the demon summoners
required more and more women of beauty and station
for the Sacred Marriage. The conspirators could no
longer sustain their practices with members of their
own families. They began to use the highest born
daughters and matriarchs of the city, and anyone else
who might satisfy the Void. A tablet from Ninevah,
now in the possession of the Celestial Chorus, records
the lament of Numusda, High Astrologer of Esagil, in
which he complains that his daughter could not win the
expected dowry because her body had become the
home of Aadschluerghera, the "Drowner in the Abzu."
If Numusda's story is typical of what went on in Babylon,
the conspiracy stepped on some powerful toes, and a
backlash was almost inevitable.

tk

= mid snarl

The drive to expel the servants of the Void mani-
fested in all aspects of society. The Awakened among
the physicians learned to cure demonic ailments. Stu-
dents of space and Pattern learned how to strengthen
the Gauntlet to make passage to earth more difficult.
Awakened artisans decorated the city walls with the
images of Umbral creatures to frighten the demons and
keep them from inhabiting cities all along the Tigris
and Euphrates. Royal astrologers learned to read the
same stars that guided the conspiracy and composed the
Enuma Anu Enlilso that the generations to follow could
be prepared for the calamities to come. The Bau's
observations of the flux of Quintessence and Pattern
warned them of the Void's every ambition. Mages
welcomed beneficent spirits to Babylon to combat the
Infernal. The eventual victory of Marduk and his fol-
lowers was overshadowed by the decline of Babylon
under the Greeks, but their triumph was no doubt
pivotal to the survival of the Tellurian.

B ON The King cried aloud to bring in the astrolo-
Nas), gers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers.
- And the king spake, and said to the wise men
of Babylon, Whoever shall read this writing,
es] and show me the interpretation thereof, shall
be clothed with scarlet, and have a chain of
gold about his neck, and shall be the third ruler
N44 in the kingdom.

a " — Daniel 5:7, King James Version

The Babylonians are the magicians of history. From
the paths of birds through the sky to earthquakes and
dreams, Babylon's culture was one of omens and por-
tents. But these Chaldean sorcerers were particularly
renowned for discerning omens foretold by the sky.
Even in antiquity, writers such as the Greeks Strabo and
Aelian described the Babylonians as a people skilled
with horoscopes and astronomy.

This reputation was sometimes an unfavorable one
—when the prophet Isaiah condemned Babylon for its
idolatry, he said, "Let now the astrologers, the stargaz-
ers, the monthly prognosticators, stand up, and save
thee from these things that shall come upon thee.
Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn
them." In the book of Daniel, Babylonian astrologers
give birth to acliché when they cannot read the writing
on the wall.

Modern knowledge of Babylonian celestial omen
watching comes from three types of unearthed clay
tablets. The first is the series Enuma Anu Enlil, a
collection of 70 tablets containing almost 70,000
specific omens (omina to the Babylonians). The sec-
ond group of tablets contains commentaries on the
Enuma Anu Enlil written by later Babylonian schol-
ars. Many of these commentaries were refinements
and corrections as Babylonians came to realize that
the sky doesn't behave consistently over hundreds of
years. Third are astrologers' reports on specific omina,
usually sent by messenger to government officials.
Because Babylonians used a system of lunar months,
which last around 29.5 days, many surviving reports
were addressed to the king, informing him whether
the coming month would have 29 or 30 days.

Most of these tablets are now housed in the British
Museum. Of their collection of around 10,000, a thou-
sand or so deal with astronomy. Many of the Enuma
Anu Enlil fragments were found in Assurbanipal's li-
brary at Kuyunjik (later Ninevah) and were inscribed in
the seventh century B.C.; the actual omina are much
older — a series named "The Day of Bel" is thought by

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — ITIES@P@ TAMIA

the Hermetics to have been written during the time of
Sargon I, King of Agade (around 3800 B.C.). While
scholarly Traditions such as the Order of Hermes have
known about the tablets for decades, most were igno-
rant of their use until Brown's expedition to Al Hillah.

Each omina consists of a protasis, an "if" clause
that describes the celestial phenomena observed,
and an apodosis, a "then" clause that describes what
occurs when the conditions of the protasis occur.
Protasis: "When the moon darkens Jupiter," then
apodosis: "the king of kings, his hand will overpower
his enemies." Most omina protases describe celestial
events directly: "If the stars are visible at sunrise,
rains and floods will persist." Others, however, per-
sonify the heavens or use metaphors relating to the
gods: "If the old man's chest is very dark, thieves will
make a breach in the palace." Some Sleeper scholars
point out that certain protases call for apparently
impossible events, like an eclipse on the twentieth
day of the month. If they knew what Babylon was like
when the Enuma was in wide use, of course, they'd
have to refine their notions of impossibility.

Matters of diplomacy and war were central to
Babylonian omina since potential invaders surrounded
the nation on all sides. Babylon shared a border with
Akkad to the northwest, Subarti to the northeast,
Aharru to the southwest and Elam to the southeast.
Often apodoses made specific reference to relations
with these nations. For example, "If an eclipse is in
Ululu until the midpoint, the king of Akkad will
establish hostility in his midst; country will mix with
country in armed conflict." While a handful of Awak-
ened astrologers used the Enuma to divine the plots of
hell, legions of high priests watched for signs of war.

Concern with conflict and politics was good for
business. The most highly ranked astrologers held he-
reditary office and wrote reports to the rulers of cities
and nations. A prophet who foretold good things for the
king, or destruction for an enemy, avoided the "kill the
messenger" syndrome.

Babylon's ominous astronomy spread to the West
via the influential texts of antiquity. Most notable was
Ptolemy's reliance on Babylonian records of celestial
observations in writing his Almagest. Hermes
Trismegistos borrowed Babylon's omens of thunder
when he composed the Hermetic texts. No wonder
certain members of the Order, particularly Brown, were
so interested in the original omina.

' ve A "HH tr

ge MIN 4 AB

‘THE BABYL@NIAN H@R@SCOPE
Although Babylonian astronomy was influen-

tial in its own right, Babylonian omina spread
across the Western world by way of the Greeks and
Egyptians. Particular aspects still survive in mod-
ern astrology. Compare the Babylonian horoscope
to the one employed today:
Babylonian Horoscope Modern Horoscope
The Hired Man Aries
The Bull of Heaven Taurus
The Great Twins Gemini
The Crab Cancer
The Lion Leo
The Barley Stalk Virgo

e Balance Libra
The Scorpion Scorpio
Pabilsag (a god) Sagittarius
The Goatfish Capricorn
The Giant Aquarius
The Tails Pisces

Who called this stuff dead magic, again?

But while much was transmitted to the West, there
was a fundamental difference between the Babylonians
and their Greek inheritors. The Aristotelian notion of
ether — explained by Ptolemy to directly influence the
sublunar world — held the phenomena of the celestial
sphere to be the cause for earthly events, while the
Babylonians saw the celestial and the terrestrial as
correlated. To the Babylonian mind, the sky and earth
had a complimentary relationship, synchronized but
not causal. They reflected one another, but the sky did
not determine mundane occurrences. Ironically, the
omen-obsessed Babylonians saw the outcome of fore-
casted events as somewhat uncertain. In Babylonia,
there even existed rituals ofnamburbu that dispelled the
doom foretold by the stars. For the Greeks, the sky held
signs; for the Babylonians, warnings.

Certain historians within the New World Order
are also interested in the Babylonian omina, not for
their magical methodologies but because of their con-
tributions to the history of science. The Enuma Anu
Enlil was undoubtedly critical to the development of
mathematical astronomy. The need to discern omens
drove observation, and centuries of recording the posi-
tion of heavenly bodies and noting celestial occurrences
inevitably resulted in the recognition of patterns. Rely-
ing completely on naked-eye observations, the duration
of the endeavor—as generations of astrologers watched

48 DEAD

TMacic

the same planets and stars for the same omens — gave
the Babylonians a long record of celestial events to
study. Although the Enuma itself is not concerned
overmuch with precision, the commentaries and re-
ports it spawned show a sophistication that wouldn't be
seen again until Hipparchus drew up his star catalogue.
Some astronomical eclipse reports list the month, date,
time, magnitude in fingers (ubanu), direction of the
eclipse shadow, and stars visible at zenith. Not too
shabby for a bunch of mystics looking up in the sky,
watching for portents of doom.

THE BABYLONIAN REVIVAL

Since the war in Horizon, and largely from the
recent efforts of the Hermetics, the study of the Enuma
Anu Enlil has resurfaced within the Traditions. This
is not the first resurrection of these ancient omens.
Their practice was lost to all but a few of the most
learned astrologers in the high courts of Babylonia.
Later astrologers revived the omina to combat the
unrestrained demon infestation that reached its peak
under Nebuchadnezzar

Of the various white magics designed to combat
the Infernal presence in the city, astrological prog-
nostication proved the most effective. While the
Enuma Anu Enlil had prophecies for many aspects of
life, one sequence was particularly useful for keeping
tabs on the demonic.

ANUNNAKU,
THE FIFTH SEQUENCE

The Enuma Anu Enlil itself is divided into four
parts: Sin, the lunar omina; Samas, solar omina; Adad,
meteorological omina; and Istar, omina of stars and
planets. While mages in Babylon used all four, a fifth
sequence Anunnaku, still largely unknown to mortal
scholars outside the Arcanum, contained prognostica-
tion methods specifically for the supernatural.

The name of each section refers to the gods who
controlled the phenomena. Samas was the god of the
sun, and so on. The Anunnaku, however, were the first
gods, existing in the Tellurian long before Creation.
The omina associated with them involve Patterns and
Quintessence — perhaps Paradox as well — to discern
portents from the building blocks of existence. The
Anunnaku dealt not only with the stars, but the Pat-
terns surrounding those stars.

Among the royal astrologers who kept the king
and local leaders informed on the prophecies of the
sky, a small cell of mages who developed the original
omina of the Anunnaku. They applied the principles


/.

THE OMINA FREI ANUNNAKU

‘Ss
& small group of translators within the Order of Hermes is quietly deciphering the Anunnakua seties
tablets from ancient The Anunnaku supposedly contains 1000 portents and omens revealed
in the position of the stars and the Patterns between them These Pattems influence everything from the
strength of Paradox bacdashes to the formation of Tass around a node, My contact within the Boston
Chantry, where most of the translation is taking place, refused to release a copy but seemed eager to taunt
we with these particdar."omina," Please examine the phrasing of these selections ane let me know what
sort of astronomical observations are necessary to divine these omens, Let us hope that they have not

already come to pass. Huny — we must not be blinelsided again.
~ Abe Guro, Paladin of the Nagoya Xiudaoyuan
* When U's webs draw the stars doser to the north ravens will light in the house of Sieuri ane what

s meant to be renewee| shall not.

* I the daws of the scorpion scintillate, the Euphrates will be fithd as it drains the Abzu.
* When the Bull of Heaven walks Ea's road twice before Sin appears readly for the ceremony, the-vitality

of our enemies will thin as the dead die again.

* On the day when the Feny lingers and Jumping [Meromy?] hides behind Samas, the three faiths of

the city will retan to daim their riches.

* i Sin is absent and Marduk's wells run dry, the highest among us shall make war upon themselves.

* When the beard of the father looms over the temple,

and the sorcerers of Subarti are blighted with Ni

(Paradox?) the oldest of the dead shall trouble the lana of cedars,
* When reel hunger (Mars?) opens its banefd eye Bel will sink into the Anu

of observation found elsewhere in the Enuma to cer-
tain aspects of Creation that only the Awakened
perceive: threads of the Tellurian, Patterns, Quintes-
sence, flows of Prime, the thickness of the Gauntlet
and so on. Beyond the Anunnaku, none of this sect's
records survive, if they kept any at all. The one fact
established in Brown's study is that one of the charter
organizers of this society was born in Lagas and moved
to Babylon when his father was appointed to the

priesthood of Esagil. In his book, Brown refers to the
authors of the Anunnakuas the "Bau," after the oracle
of the goddess Bau located in Lagas.

How could the Bau look at the Patterns of the
heavens and predict the future? The stars reflected how
the beings trapped inside them used their powers. If the
Bau could decipher Infernal communications between
the Pure Ones and their followers on earth, it was easier
to counteract their plans.

ST@RYTELLING W/ITH ITIES@POTAITIA,

Mesopotamia in general, and Babylon in
particular, figure prominently in the myth
of magic —so why don't mages know more
about it? For one thing, the old Tigris and
Euphrates civilizations sit in what's
Iran and Iraq. Most of Western civiliza-
tion pays attention to these places only
@ when they're bombed. It seems that
Babylon's grandeur passed away long ago.

Nevertheless, Babylon's heritage still affects mod-
ern magic — from astrology to demonology. Like any of
the other dead cultures presented here, there is plenty
of room for exploration, discovery and danger.

now

ey

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION — ITES@P@ TAMIA

HIST@RY BE DATTINED

Don't think you can pass next week's Ancient
Civilization test because you've read this chapter. While
we try to be historically accurate, when there's a con-
flict between "accurate" and "interesting" we choose
interesting. Also, given the antiquity of the subject
matter, the scholarship on ancient Babylon is more a
collection of competing theories than of consistent
facts. This chapter concerns the Babylon of the World
of Darkness — would it be the same if there were really
mages and demons running around?

ad , is | r


Got a email trom
gibilcetemenaukiong this morning, If an imuitation
to lly out to Santa to commult on some
fowian rituals, Tk: an incoherent, comspinacy"
ny deus, clearly, written iran Cok someone
with a BAD Ouiet problem, The problem is that
the email throws around some term that crackpot
douldnt have any acceu to ~ termi like Kainalai
and neutron stax NGS FBICIIN, Wherevdid
they Leann them? Find out, T baow what you VAL

can do, fy theyre just some fi punks i
way over their lendk, and the problem will fi itll,
By the , can a demon be bound to'a sector of

Yours Very, Truly,
Wy Broum

BABYLON'S CHILDREN

The story of demonic Babylon is of incredible impor-
tance to the history of the Awakened, but that means
little to modern mages. While only a few Hermetics
know that Winston Brown learned his secrets from Ea
himself, the doctor has many friends and his findings
have circulated among the Traditions. Mages who often
find themselves at odds with the Nephandi could benefit
from his research. For mages who seek this ancient
wisdom, there are possibilities within all the Traditions,
but some have certain advantages.

The Celestial Chorus

The Chorus is sitting on a gold mine of Babylonian
magic and they don't even know it. Their libraries
across the world and the Horizon hold commentaries
on the Enuma Anu Enlil, transcriptions of tablets
inscribed by Babylonian physicians and lists made by
the En of Marduk. Brown's work would needa complete
re-evaluation if the Chorus's collection came to light.
So far, no one's done the research.

Hollow Ones

The magic of the Hollow Ones is nothing if not a
collection of hand-me-downs. At first, only the mem-
bers of cabals with Hermetics or Euthanatoi learned any
of the rituals. But those few were quick to pass along
what they had learned. Among the Goths, finding the

DEAD ITlacic

old rotes is a matter of knowing someone who has
already learned them.

The Order of Hermes

Winston Brown was a Hermetic and fully disclosed
his findings to certain members of the Order. Research
and a favor or two leads inevitably to learning the old
rotes. The Chantries in Boston and Lawrence, Kansas
remain the centers of the Babylonian Revival.

Virtual Adepts

Henrik Kohlmaan, a Master of Correspondence
with various home bases in South America and
Europe, has done the most among the Virtual Adepts
to adapt the old Babylonian Effects to the techno-
logical paradigm. Magic circles and figurines have
been replaced by firewalls and virulent emails. One
of Kohlmaan's interns administers a MUD with code
for faithful (and intricate) virtual Babylonian ritu-
als. The resulting Tass keeps shredding his T1 lines,
but Henrik's not complaining.

CemimenLy Useb IT1Acics

The civilizations of the ancient Near East were
famed for their understanding of the will of their gods.
Much of their magic focuses on divination and necro-
mancy, and sometimes requires the caster to know the
name of a spirit in order to invoke its power.

The Babylonian perspective on life was quite pes-
simistic: humans were created for service and could
expect nothing better than a life of suffering and toil
which, at death, did not lead to some eternal reward but
to oblivion. The only ones who could change this were
the gods. Therefore, nearly all Babylonian magic in-
cluded a petition to several gods for aid. If the caster
offered the right sacrifice and performed the ritual at
the right time, the gods were pleased by the mortal's
service and granted her what she asked. Then again,
more than one ritualist was engulfed in excruciating
torment when her patrons decided that she was de-
manding rather than begging and that she needed to
learn a new lesson in supplication.

ANIMAL SHIFT (¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ LIFE)

Long ago, the ancient gods chose animals to repre-
sent them on earth. This ritual allowed a follower to
assume the shape of an animal that was sacred to his
chosen deity. The change was temporary, allowing the
priest to exact revenge on his enemies or to spy on those
who claimed to support him. However, the shifters were
careful not to let others know of their ability, for they
were unable to use their magics while they wore the
form of an animal.


In a private ceremony, the priest lit a handful of
incense and recited a prayer to the Anunnaku. He then
requested the aid of his patron and burned a hair, a
scale, a feather or other small token from the animal he
had chosen.

System: As with more common Verbena magics,
this rote enables a mage to shift into the form of an
animal. However, it's limited by the strictures of belief
placed on its effectiveness: The mage can only assume
the form of an animal sacred to a Mesopotamian god,
and she cannot use her magical powers while in that
form. For these reasons, the rote is not a common one;
other shapeshifting powers tend to be more efficacious
for Adepts and Masters. However, it's a good, quick
solution if the mage only needs an animal form for a
short time.

ITERSHAKUSHTU @QURDU (¢ ¢ ¢ ENTROPY)

Mesopotamians had an uncanny understanding of
the mutable nature of reality. They realized that history
was not set in stone; something could be uncreated
more easily than it was created. This was the reasoning
behind the Mershakushtu Qurdu (Victorious Marduk)
ritual. At the beginning of each year, the temple pries
declared a period of renewal, complete with feasting,

Ss

t= "paEY ;

CHAPTER TW; THE CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION — ITIES@P@TAITIA

song, companionship and other festivities. The high-
light of the holiday was a ritual reenactment of the
legendary battle between Tiamat and Marduk.

Since Tiamat could not be killed, it was reasoned
that she was gathering forces and waiting in Arallu for
atime when she could rise from the abyss and wreak her
vengeance on the world, returning the universe to a
bitter sea of chaotic nothingness. The only defense
humans had against such a powerful entity was their
knowledge of her former defeat. The Babylonians
thought that if Tiamat's chains were not strengthened
by this ritual, her power would slowly eat away at
history, until Marduk's victory was undone and she
could finally break loose.

This rote strengthens a Pattern's placement in the
consensus. By casting this rote and then re-enacting an
event in front of a group of Sleeper witne:
may slowly alter their perceptions of reality and, over

sses, a mage

time, shift reality to accommodate small magical Ef-
fects. The more witnesses who believe the performance,
the more effective it is. Likewise, the more times the
ritual is performed, the stronger the Pattern becomes.

System: This rote is not intended as a panacea for
mages who are dependent on vulgar magic. Reality can
be changed, but not easily or quickly. A mage who uses

' Pe : "i t

\\3
‘S

SiN_« DE

Wx

wm
t
Pr

UR

AY

it might not see results in a single lifetime. However,
the rote has short-term as well as long-term uses. A
mage who works as a tour guide in a museum that has a
fascinating Civil War display can strengthen the im-
portance of a specific battle, garnering more tourist
money for the museum and the site of the battle. A
mage who drives an ancient Ford pickup but brags
about its durability and takes friends on camping trips
to show them how well it holds up probably won't have
his car break down for months — or years. Magic rolls
involving the object of the casting gain one die for
every three successes the caster accumulates on this
ritual. A botch removes successes but does not neces-
sarily negate the entire Effect.

STAY THEG@D'S HAND
(+ ENTROPY, © OR # ee LIFE)

The Mesopotamian gods were unpredictable in
the best circumstances, and at their worst their capri-
ciousness could be deadly. The most common sign of
having fallen into disfavor was an illness. Often the
victim had actually offended a temple official and was
suffering from a curse as a result. Ailing individuals
requested the aid of a temple physician to diagnose
which god was causing the sickness. The doctors
removed the curse, demanded payment, and divided
the money with the official who had invoked the curse
in the first place, leaving them both the richer and the
dupe grateful to be well.

Performed as a pair, these rotes allow a mage to
discover the cause fora lingering malady and attempt to
treat it accurately. The mage lights an offering of
incense and recites an appropriate invocation. Then
she puts one hand on the victim's forehead and medi-
tates for about half an hour, during which time she
empties her mind. Eventually, an idea starts to form,
and as the last embers of incense die out, the mage can
identify the cause of the suffering. To treat the illness,
the mage must request a favor from a higher power, in
return for a small service. This "higher power" can be
anything or anyone — from a spirit to a policeman to
the mage's boss. If the favor is granted, the answer
comes to the mage in the form of a dream or vision.
However, if the mage then fails to perform the promised
service, she's stricken with the same symptoms she
removed from the victim.

System: Either one of these rotes is useless if
performed alone. Without knowing the source of the
problem, it is impossible to cure it. Likewise, under-
standing the problem doesn't help if the mage does
nothing about it. The caster's understanding of it is
limited by his paradigm; what might be an imbalance in

52 DeaD ITlacic

The pantheon of Mesopotamia is complicated,
to put it mildly. The Semitic migrations of the late
third millennium B.C. toppled the Sumerian em-
pire. However, the victorious invaders abandoned
most of their former religious practices and adopted
the Sumerian beliefs. By renaming some of the
Sumerian deities, replacing others and adding a
number of new gods, the conquerors wreaked havoc
on the celestial genealogy.

Sumerian religion was polytheistic, honoring
powerful anthropomorphic gods who were usually
associated with natural forces and astronomical
bodies. In addition to resembling humans physi-
cally, the Sumerian gods resembled people in their
personalities and actions. They suffered from hu-
man frailties such as lust, greed, anger, hatred and
guilt, but they also enjoyed love, happiness and
understanding.

The Sumerians believed that their lives were
rooted firmly in this world. Although there was a
"Heaven" and an "Underworld," these were actual
physical places inhabited by the gods. Human
beings did not accrue rewards or punishments in
the afterlife; the dead became ghosts who faded out
of existence within a century.

To the Sumerians, humans had no special
place in the cosmos — indeed, humans were cre-
ated as servants of the gods. For this reason, one did
not make demands or petitions lightly. Rather,
humans used rites to beg the gods for audience ai
favor. There was no way to compel obedience —]
the gods granted favors on whims, or capriciously
punished offenders.

the cycle of life and death to a Euthanatos is perceived
as a discordant voice in the universal Song by a Choris-
ter. The difficulty depends on what the actual problem
is; pneumonia or other "natural" causes are more easily
detected than vampiric possession, for example. The
normal difficulty of the treatment is 8, lower if the mage
agrees to perform some exceptional service for her
higher power. The cure should fit both the disease and
the mage's paradigm, and therefore offer a clue to the
root of the problem.

\W/ EEPING FOR TAMIMUZ (¢ © @ ENTROPY)

Tammuz was a mortal shepherd, beloved by the
goddess Istar. When he died, Istar went to the domain
of her sister Ereshkigal, goddess of the Underworld,
and demanded that he be returned to the living.


Ereshkigal agreed, but according to divine law, a soul
could not leave unless there was another to take its
place. Istar was trapped, and the earth began to wither
and die. The gods declared that Tammuz must be
taken back to the Underworld so that Istar could leave
and the land would prosper. Upon her return, Istar
worked out a bargain with the gods: Tammuz would be
returned to her, though only for half the year. In
addition, his sister Gestihanna would be taken to the
land of the dead in his place.

Every year at the beginning of the planting season,
Sumerian cities held re-enactments of the return of
Tammuz to the Underworld. Each city took its most
beloved young man and buried him alive. The entire
population dressed in black for eight days, and the
priests and priestesses of Istar dressed in black for a
month, mourning the symbolic death of the god.

This rote works best for Choristers, Hermeti
Verbena and other mages whose paradigm stresses
selflessness. By giving up something that is impor-
tant to her, the mage may ensure good fortune in a
certain endeavor.

System: The mage doesn't have to bury someone
alive but can bury an object of great personal signifi-
cance instead. If the rote is cast successfully, the mage
may add a number of automatic successes to a specified
task in the future. The Storyteller chooses the number
of successes (generally one to five), depending on how
important the item was to the character. This sacrifice
is permanent.

ENUITIA ANU ENLIL —
RITUALS AND RITES

The old stargazing rites of Mesopotamia can be
used almost unchanged, as long as a mage understands
the proper observations. For any of the following Effects
to be successful, the mage must have a copy of the
appropriate section of the Enuma Anu Enlil, as well as
a place to observe the heavens. Cities are too polluted
with light to see the sky clearly. Barring some more
powerful, vulgar magic, it's necessary to get as far away
from the lights of the city as possible. See the sidebar
Divination Mechanics for more information.

ADAD
(¢¢ ENTROPY, © ¢ CORRESPONDENCE, SPIRIT)

The omina contained in the Adad relate to meteo-
rological phenomena. The amount of rain, the direction
of the winds, the pattern of lightning or the sounds of
thunder all carry significance. The omens discerned
from this Effect usually involve the fates of a people or

EY
VAT —aEr

CHAPTER Tw; THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — ITIES@P@TAIIA

AN
LL)
a ee
ao i

their homeland. When scouting locations for new
Chantries, modern Hermetics sometimes use this ritual
to track the fates of cities. A vague reading might reveal
a general trend in the near future ("prosperity") while
an especially thorough reading might foreshadow a
specific event ("a breach in the walls").

System: The divination of Adad ties in to the
spiritual aspect of a location, as well as its future fate.
Successful divination tends to reveal emotive and eco-
nomic trends. A mage is unlikely to discover details
about a specific building, but might learn that the city
is going into decline or that a celebration will bring an
influx of money.

DIVINATION ITTECHANICS

For each of the divination rituals in this section,
roll the mage's Arete against the magic's base diffi-
culty as determined by the Spheres involved
(long-term divination is usually coincidental, a "lucky
guess"). For every additional evening spent observ-
ing the sky, lower the difficulty by 1, down to a
minimum difficulty of 6. The more successes rolled,
the more accurate and informative the reading. A
botch indicates a misinterpretation of celestial phe-
nomena— in Babylon, sucha mistake might end in
an unjust declaration of war or violent panic within
the city walls. Storytellers, feel free to make botches
in your chronicle equally catastrophic.

1 success: You observe the wrong phenomena or
the revealed omen is especially vague.

2 successes: Perhaps your calculations were a little
sloppy. A few omina fit your observations, but you
probably overlooked some important detail.

3 successes: You observe several distinctive phe-
nomena, and the omina that meets those conditions
is likely to unfold.

4 successes: Your observations have clearly re-
ealed to you a particular omen. Your prediction

almost certainly comes to pass, but not in the way

you expect.

5+ successes: You've read all the signs with unmis-

takable accuracy. Whatever you predict — in some

form — comes to pass.

Finally, a mage doesn't ask questions of the
Enuma like she might do with the I Ching ora Tarot
deck. She merely observes the motions of the heav-
ens and checks the omina of the appropriate Enuma
section. There's lots of stuff going on upstairs; only
those astrologers who keep up with all the poten-
tially revealing motions can divine anything useful.

4h

"
Lis

ce

WAP

Ky On
§ x LEZnieF ei

Bb LS 7 ul > e

ISTAR
(eee ENTROPY, ¢*¢ CORRESPONDENCE, © ¢ ¢ SPIRIT)

The motions of the stars and the planets hold
secrets for those familiar with the omina of Istar, in
particular the fates of nations and their leaders. The
futures of kings, advisors, princes or presidents, gover-
nors and mayors are all hidden in the sky. The omina in
this Enuma sequence tend to be highly metaphorical,
but predict broad changes.

System: Assuming that the mage can interpret the
metaphors of Istar (in which an Intelligence + Aca-
demics roll may be useful), he can divine the general
fates of an entire nation and its ruler. This divination is
very general and is not specifically tied to events: The
mage probably won't learn that the ruler has cholera or
that the nation will suffer an earthquake shattering its
most prominent city, but could get a general sense that
malaise hovers about the ruler or that a terrible disaster
will soon come to the land.

SAITIAS (* ¢ CORRESPONDENCE, © * FORCES)
Samas, the sun, doesn't actually move. But because
the Earth revolves around it, the sun seems to travel
across the sky. The ancients understood that the sun's
path changed a little every day, a fact less known in our
ignorant modern times. The variations are small, and the
corresponding omens are vague but frequently come to
pass. The omens discerned from Samas don't fall into any
neat category; a mage might learn the fate of crops, the
economy, the weather, diplomacy or anything else.
System: The omina of Samas are the easiest to
read; only the path of the sun and the stars and planets
visible at sunrise or sunset are relevant. When using
Samas, the mage lowers the usual divination difficulty:
successes gained from Samas can subsequently be used
to improve the accuracy of other divinations, by lower-
ing the difficulty as much as 3. Extra days spent in
observation don't lower the difficulty of this Effect.

SIN(¢e ENTROPY, © SPIRIT, ¢ PRIME OR
eee ENTROPY, ¢¢ee SPIRIT, ¢¢¢ PRIITIE)

All the complexity of the heavens pales next to
that of the moon. Its phases, color, brightness and path
through the sky are all significant. Eclipses are particu-
larly meaningful. The omens told by the moon are as
broad as those of Samas but tend to be straightforward.
The more powerful version of this Effect allows the
mage to see truly great changes or calamities.

System: The divination difficulty for a reading of
an eclipse is high — increase the magical difficulty by
2 or 3, just because the Effect is presumed to be taxing
— but even a few successes could reveal something

54 DEAD ITlAcic

momentous. Entire chronicles might turn on one such
reading. Additional nights of observation do not lower
this difficulty.

ANUNNAKU
(eee ENTROPY, ¢¢¢ PRIITIE, ¢¢ © SPIRIT)

The abundance of Paradox, Quintessence or Tass
along with the actual Patterns of the heavens reveal the
fates of the Awakened in the broadest sense of the term:
mages, vampires, demons or anything else that haunts
the World of Darkness. The Bau of Babylon read the
Patterns of the stars nightly to learn the fates of the city's
demon summoners. Although this sequence of the Enuma
Anu Enlil is disseminating slowly, and mostly among the
Hermetics, this Effect has proven critical in several
recent Tradition victories over the Nephandi. The will
of the Void reveals itself in the stars; a successful reading
exposes the quality, if not the specifics, of Nephandic
activity to come. Because the stars are different from
every viewpoint (a phenomenon known as "parallax"),
an accomplished astrologer can determine the future of
local events involving the Nephandi.

System: This divination is specifically useful in
foreseeing the fates of supernatural beings. With a few
successes, a mage might gather a sense of vague fore-
boding. Multiple successes could indicate an
illuminating insight into the warped plans of some
potent malefic entity: an ancient vampire, Earth-
bound demon or a Nephandus and its colleagues. As
with all such divinations, the results are not wholly
detailed or accurate, but can provide a picture of
things to come: Whether an enemy plans to attack,
retreat or hide; whether a specific type of supernatural
influence is involved; whether the mage's current
actions will lead toward victory or defeat. This divina-
tion can also be used to observe the ebb and flow of
Paradox, Quintessence, Entropy and so on, and reveal
the significance of such fluctuations.

NAITIBURBU (© ee ENTROPY, © ¢ PRIITIE,

eee SPIRIT, © ¢ CORRESPONDENCE, ¢ © LIFE)
What the sky has foretold must come to pass, but

the ritual of Namburbu can make the results of pre-

dicted events less severe. This Effect is not a divination

at all, but rather a defense against grim portents.

The ritual involves five steps. First, those involved
must seclude themselves from the rest of the world,
either literally in a hut or symbolically within a circle.
The participants shave and wash themselves while
tamarisk incense purifies the area. After the mage in
charge of the ritual sacrifices a goat, he rings a copper
bell to draw divine attention. Finally, the participants

Many of the Effects derived from old Babylonian.
magic involve divination. Nothing too definite
arises from these prognostications. "If the moon
the sun while Jupiter crosses Mars, the
a n's poison will ruin the feast." — the condi-
tions are pretty clear, but the outcome is not.
Literal interpretations are rarely accurate.

But this is good for the Storyteller. Really.

When a mage uses some sort of divination,
use the vagueness of the appropriate omina to
your advantage. Effectively deployed predictions
can foreshadow upcoming events or set a mood
without locking the Storyteller into a definite
outcome. Roleplaying games are unpredictable,
and stories resolve themselves in unforeseen ways.
A properly read omen always comes to pass, if
only in a subtle way.

With that advice in mind, here's a few ways to
incorporate vague prophecies into your games:

¢ A chronicle begins with a reading of the
stars. Through the chronicle, the characters dis-
cover what the omen means and then deal with
events as they come to pass.

© The characters are completely stuck for ideas
on how to solve some problem, so they perform a
divination. The Storyteller uses the opportunity to
drop a useful clue in the players' laps.

¢ A particularly fatalistic prediction can
precede a major confrontation, and the players
wet their pants as they march their characters off

‘0 death.

¢ There's plenty of stuff going on in the World
of Darkness, but not enough time to keep the
characters involved in everything. Use prophecies
to keep the characters informed of events in the
metaplots that run through all the game lines (a
new red star? What the hell?).

Some final advice: Vary the effectiveness of
divinations. If they're always useful, all the char-
acters will do is scry until they figure out what's
going on. If they're worthless or just used to
establish a brooding sense of mystery, the players
stop using them because they never seem to
move the story along.

For more information on omens and stargaz-
ing, check out Rage Across the Heavens. Yeah,
it'sa Werewolf book, but it's an excellent resource.

offer food and incense to the gods as they beseech the
heavens to prevent the omen from coming true.
System: The mage casting the ritual rolls the Effect
normally, but can be assisted by other mages. For every
five successes, the realization of an omen diminishes in
some way. A riot might instead be a few scattered
violent crimes. The murder of the king might be an
extended illness instead. Most omina are so vague that
the actual effects of this ritual are hard to determine.
This ritual may only be used once for any given omina.
Storytellers must take care that this ritual doesn't
become a substitute for other preventative action.

BABYLON AND HERITIES

Dr. Winston Brown unearthed the following
rotes during his sojourn to Al Hillah. Since the
Order of Hermes deals in old formulas and ancient
arcana, they can cast these Effects in their original
forms. Certain members of the Verbena can use these
rotes if they are familiar with the foci. Other Tradi-
tions need more extreme adaptations to translate
these Effects to their paradigms.

ZISURRU (© ¢ CORRESPONDENCE, ¢ © SPIRIT)

The prototypical ward against demons. By spread-
ing flour in a circle and lining the circumference with
the statues of protective deities, the mage creates a
boundary that cannot be crossed by Umbral spirits.
Anyone within the circle who is afflicted by an Infernal
ailment gains a temporary reprieve until the circle's
effects dissipate.

System: When creating the circle, the player rolls
for the Effect as normal; the Correspondence compo-
nent allows it to cover a large space all at once. Any
Umbral spirit who wishes to enter the area must roll its
Willpower against a difficulty of 5 + the number of
successes the mage scored on the zisurru's creation roll.
The circle temporarily ameliorates the effect of a de-
monic curse or illness; the symptoms are suppressed
unless the rating of the power that caused the ailment
exceeds the mage's successes on the circle creation roll.
The Effect fades at sunrise, and the area must be
rededicated if it is to offer any protection.

SURPU(e ee LIFE, SPIRIT)

Babylonian sorcerers had purification rituals for
every type of ailment. But if the cause of some sickness
or curse could not be determined, healers used a catch-
all ritual called Surpu, or "the burning." Developed to
remove the curses of demons that healers initially knew
little about, this ritual treats the symptoms when the
disease cannot be named.

XS
cs

LUNN NE
JIN

eas

si
——<

| |

VN LI

The ritual begins with an exhaustive listing of all ADAPTATIONS @F

possible sins, enumerating any potential cause for the
subject'saffliction. Then some item is slowly dismantled
and cast piece by piece into a fire. Usually, this means
peeling an onion or stripping dates from a branch. The
flames symbolically purify the patient.

System: While this ritual does not actually cure
diseases or remove curses, the symptoms subside for a
number of days equal to the mage's duration on the
Effect roll. The severity of the symptoms determines
the amount of Effect successes that must be generated
to suppress the symptoms. After the ritual expires, the
symptoms return with full intensity. The ritual takes
most of one evening to cast successfully.

The Life magic used in Surpu alleviates symptoms.
The Spirit component counters curses and demons that
may afflict the victim — or, at least, allows the mage to
soothe pain caused by malevolent forces.

56 DEAD GIC

BABYLON'S ITAGIC

Most of the Effects below were never used in
Babylon. Rather, these are the Tradition's modern
adaptations of the ancient ways. As the Storyteller
decides, some of these rituals and rotes might require
modification to conform to a mage's paradigm.

ANNSU ISHTEN
(eee ENTROPY, ¢¢¢ ITIATTER; OPTIONAL © ¢ © LIFE)

This traditional warding incantation draws its name
from the first phrase uttered by the caster: "Ansu
Ishten," meaning God is All. The rote designates a
specific object or person who will be kept safe from
various sorts of harm. It is useless against magical
attacks, but provides a nominal measure of protection
from various accidents, attacks, diseases or other unfor-
tunate events.


Ce mmImeNn Feci

For players and Storytellers who don't have
time to wade through the history of Babylonian
magic, here's a list of foci and common ingredients
that were used in many spells.

Most of the foci required by revived Babylonian
rituals seem mundane, including fire ina stove or

razier, onions, date branches, reed mats, goat's

air, red-dyed wool, flour, tamarisk branches, reeds,
salt, cedar, juniper, fragrant resins, incense, sea
water, figurines of gods and amulets worn around
the neck or hung on the wall.

—

The caster invokes a protective deity with a brief
preliminary chant, then recites the types of harm that
will not affect the object of the rote, ina rather Seussian
fashion ("It won't be crushed beneath a train, it won't
be left out in the rain, it won't be dropped in boiling fat,
it won't be eaten by a cat"). While the sing-song
thyming technique is useless for most paradigms, a
pattern must be established for the incantation to work.
A Virtual Adept might use a repeating string of code,
while a Hermetic might place the object within a runic
circle and walk around it, adding a measure of protec-
tion each time he reaches a certain point on the circle.

System: The player wishing to use this rote must
detail every form of misfortune from which the object of
the spell will be protected. Storytellers, by all means,
exercise creativity! In the above example, the object
might be dropped in boiling acid rather than fat — a
fate that is within the confines of the ward, yet still
unpleasant. Each success on the roll adds 1 to the
difficulty of an attack in that medium. Since the ward
does not provide absolute protection, the Effect is
coincidental. As always, the Effect only |: s long as
the duration garnered by the mage's succ ; this rite
is not a way to gain permanent immunities. The En-
tropy component defends against mischance while the
Matter magic specifies the exact types of harm that
leave the object unscathed. Life magic can optionally
fortify a living subject against such injury.

AUDIENCE @F INANNA,
(© CORRESPONDENCE, © © ITIATTER, » TIME)
Say goodbye to obsolescence. Originally an Effect
to prevent impotence by placing a figure of Inanna on
the head of the bed, the Virtual Adepts have adapted
this ancient ritual into an Effect that allows older
computer hardware to exceed the limitations imposed
by cutting-edge software. With this Effect, a 286 can
run Windows 98 at peak performance or a Pentium III

CHAPTER

at 4

Twe; THE CRADLE ©F C.

can execute algorithms meant for Crays. Software can
function regardless of operating system. Usually vulgar,
although one Virtual Adept supposedly funds his re-
search entirely with this Effect.

System: The Audience of Inanna rote enhances
all manner of computability — the Effect simply
requires that Inanna be invoked into the system (of-
ten with special desktop wallpaper, a figurine on the
tower case and some convoluted lists of charms and
incantations stored in high memory). Success speeds
the processor, boosts its connectivity and improves its
performance standards; generally, each Effect success
increases the computer's performance by a factor for
the duration — one success helps a 286 to limp along,
but with ten successes on an extended Effect, that
same 286 could become the equivalent of a Pentium
for a day or more.

BERATE THE DEMON
(eee SPIRIT, ¢¢¢ ITATTER)

In Babylon, everything was thought to be the
potential home of a demon, including materials used in
ritual magic. Some Babylonian mages prepared their
foci by yelling at the demons inside. The mage declared
himself a representative of the gods and informed his
tools that they had better obey him. Vague threats
seemed to work best.

While this Effect is not yet in wide circulation,
many Traditions are developing permutations to suit
their paradigms. Sons of Ether seem particularly fond of
berating their equipment, but so far it has only been
effective on tools the berater created himself.

System: If the Effect is successful, the difficulty of
the next extended ritual involving the berated foci is
lowered by 1. Consider this a specific form of Magic
Affecting Abilities (Mage Revised, p. 155). The Effect
improves the spirit/material tie of the focus in question.
Some speculate that egotistical willworkers have the
most success with this rote.

The mage need not reach into the actual Gauntlet
to perform this Effect, so it does not suffer from prob-
lems like the Avatar Storm.

KispU(+*e ENTROPY, * CORRESPONDENCE)

Originally a ritual to secure a soul easy passage to
the land of the dead, modern Euthanatoi have adapted
Kispu for a more specific purpose. By sacrificing a large
animal and reciting the names of the gods of the dead,
the ritual protects a recently deceased person from
becoming a wraith, and her existence proceeds to
whatever awaits afterward. The Hollow Ones call this
an "Enfant Abortion."

IVILIZATION — ITES@P@TAIIA 57

AW
x

DIN NE
JIN

HAT / RSS

System: The corpse need not be present, but the
subject of the ritual must have died less than 24 hours
before the ritual is begun. The mage must acquire more
successes in an extended ritual than twice the subject's
Willpower. The subject goes peacefully into the great
beyond, with no lingering traces or attachments. If the
subject already became a wraith, he can still be dis-
persed into nothingness with this rite, but the ritual
fails if the wraith has gained awareness of its new state
already (that is, if the wraith's Caul has been removed).

THE ITIONSTERS OF
ITIES@P@TAITIA

Mesopotamian literature describes a host of mon-
strous entities, from winged guardians to demonic spirits.
Of course, in the World of Darkness, such creatures
were (are?) all too real.

ALADLAIMNIMU

A winged bull with a human head, the Aladlammu
is a benevolent guardian creature. It is sometimes
depicted on old pottery; tales relate that the Aladlammu
was intelligent and wise. Aladlammu are often associ-
ated with the guardianship of sacred knowledge, not
with simple treasures. Such a creature might defend old
magical texts and could even work in the company of a

virtuous wizard. Aladlammu might also trade magical
knowledge with a curious and nonthreatening mage.
Though such a creature hardly makes for a consistent
mentor, it could offer a few jewels of advice.

It is possible that the demonic traffic of Babylon
drove the Aladlammu away; perhaps in some far reaches
of the Mesopotamian deserts, a few still guard the
knowledge of virtuous magic, awaiting for a mage
untainted by the Infernal practices that flourished in
the first cities.

Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Willpower: 9, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1,
-3, -3, -3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample for 6 dice

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Brawl 3,
Cosmology 6, Dodge 3, Enigmas 6, Linguistics 5
Quintessence: 10

Resonance: (Static) Protective 3

ANZU

A huge lion-headed bird, the Anzu appears in one
of the tales of Gilgamesh. Nesting in the huluppa tree,
the Anzu apparently lived with both a great serpent and
Lilith herself. Gilgamesh shattered the huluppa tree
and scattered its inhabitants to the mountains, but the
Anzu is clearly mentioned as having offspring — other

ins
T/T Re \ ~

~ Bee

a [—~

VA

oY,

4

\

%:

. Sa Se

‘ a)

ra\

YY

VA

on

Anzu may survive in some distant mountain or Umbral _ Enki as a prisoner. A modern mage might experience
Realm. It is said that a tree still grows in Uruk com- that tale again himself, if the Anzu takes an interest
memorating the Anzu, so perhaps the huluppa tree, in his tomes and steals them, requiring a quest to
twisted and gnarled by Gilgamesh's attacks uponit, still regain the stolen knowledge.
stands somewhere. Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

In another myth, the Anzu steals the tablets of Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -3,
destiny from Enki, the god of wisdom, but is captured -5, Incapacitated
and punished. By stealing the tablets, the Anzu gains Attack: Bite for 6 dice

control over fate, enabling it to curse its attackers Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 5 (Flight), Brawl 3
and even slay gods. Ninurta brings the Anzu back to Dodge 2 , :

Xt
xe

=
X

CHAPTER Tw: THE CRADLE ©F CIVILIZATION — [TES@PeTAIIIA

,
:


a Bae bs aA VAT rs
— —™

AA ea 8 Ae AO A

ee |e!

.
vis
bg

Aye
Sohbet

MON VE
Ww) NS

1 av

Pr

Fi
antl:

c |

rf

eres —
Red

ao
if) So. your werd fo lous oloud the secrets of the south, el" — the jorgles utene lle Agtecs bub thir if
48 ompine on ( leails aud lle Mayes consoted wilh strange leurgs brom tle sly, You were ews Lr
| alo those ‘ thal people sexy connect wilh Zaypl aul send signals acrass the voll. You wesne eau
teen ebouk tow te myilcs we le secre leaves {0 gel visions of Ce dine, You wee tigre a fs
S| fo lim ko « jequen en low fo make obsidien so uf cuts Uhowgh alec
Well, you must ke one sich buchen, decawie those people kad some messed-up sit. J meen, thea 1aMs,
may sey lad theres vo suk thing as toe mellem — uty woudl exy dowd stil wenstip a god tld
actively lates him? — bl some of these bolls came dann close. Youre digging indo things best beh detour, Thal is, of
counse, ideas ypu thirk o hows lives avd your sauily axe a bats price,

What, you dout believe me? Ste been thee, You wollte U th you did thirk 9 lew this stil. Soe vol just
tj fo scone you, cillen, This is some qnode A soud-uneching cmp. 4id vol get Ulese six-inch scans on my loncome
INR eke al aa aang ne cael
in ood lehone you higune his aluth ou.


=a | aevise ccs  £a =e

— 1) eh =

os rates "f- - Ww

PA 7 Lp

: D
7 9 can tell you dod eelly Ieee me, You low les ae pel oe ogy og yee Uiskig "Tey cout eal le
led bed, igh?" Le me give you e couple ob ye. opr Tae ali sal oe gi
pil eit sd tale da ied tal sok ob claeness lilly sued le reveal o
clulligation, A pais Wl el he ly oH Mp ne mally
tle, len wl aU le oly on ey I wd gil Sey spt ah limi

TH § wre aol a lls det hs Uy aay dc,

*. aie ee ib tle Fs i ed

Ke incertve ton tle people ts 0 do Uns Ube vol lll cack allen, Melb, tals ob Ulese gels aloviel i lomen comage, 20 people wed
fe — oud ot Llein wry foe meaty, Tere ene sill eres 0s (0 uby some of ese clei simply liseppeneh soe sey
4 line» (oo ell on qiard slowe specealips. Me, 9 say they weve just plein mean,

So. 4 QO} couse, the le Asfecs ane ones wisely enedited with Woody-tawded wucder, avd jus yo, a llepe vol tle only bps,

Mayen oud Mirtec munals abso slows pele rol ely aang secice, cect sh Bi ound Ts "This
ms waive Se mee nae

re heh
ee

lad a dvine bdy fo irdbicl pain ie onder fo seve,

F nu pn ih, he plod, od eli ely lod — mone 40, the move
= tenille its lemise,

a ee ee toy some of this aluth yours

ae Strange Mi
Pik 7 Aue hom le Ales, wle cape this of when ley lls of re-Coloudian Conrad aad Souk Awerice, lle weve
Fea q sce! leila He Sen bw. wale Oc, Mops ule fave you. Net all of thom wwe flally Uutel, bt they
= | ae lle fll on lle lop oh tle huted-uo mystey lal, As wih the eller nasty curves ob the oven, (ley aumivel
am bt ldo edhe om A ay lowisneted tle ovce. of soullem Mexico end Guctemale, Wile Zunope wes all!

yy oad i le De alata rary pi l,i vl
pollery end ul line fe, on Aasically aiving Cimopeen laelapmert oe Mayes ted on ivcrelly accuale
aes) calerden, mall wre sacnicel people, Uley aluch "i eegr ged med Wat Bo a
a tit Ue roles, wlo lett it wes e cool toc) - = seamen ake le led wilh te good, 3 quest
a Oh ead, The Mayo calrdon is peicdel cele vil wus were supposed fate ithe hile cele, They sey lad te wl
Bt: bl i aot yd Ded 21023 ye ia ld,
We ' We Mayes ox back because of their sullen decbive. Sul lehone the ta ke ilo ey ol
ep ti salon nln i yt a ae le abl in the sirteenh
alii cordiay. Maspe lle Mayes savs yo one las a che,
qh the fad toms of rituals wilh astroomy aud solar covtluences, Tey the rising end balling of
Wont yl mc eh ple fc eet Pea satta
{ il a ae i Ma a tl a Unt ah fo
ta me ne tel al oe pr el oh ol Ka lee eam wet ee a, i

3°
male 2
al 7m

mm (82 DEAD ITIAGIC


VAT Bs ~

EE Wik PE -ACU PAVE
nea ASter Ray ns Hage ed tm Me tal leis ucled-yp cnuede wns sing tle
ri, Mae ey esi elle cme Be wie Ue bond

A Little Lowes

Th tle south of the Mayes ard (ler vanishing act you bird tle Sroas, who tory oud in Vea, You lous the Ards?
Legend las it tal Guill thein cities on places ob power over llese giant mages in the Ardes, wlewe abange low
mer lived, 9 can see tals peed up youu ideneal a. little

Lite the Mayes, tle Steas daelapel some teauy duly accounting, engi ing, aul epiculline, "Th were also
aids on signs, Balle ele ella Hd le aie egg 9 il. Le Mop i le
one bbe ovns, thet (ley wed camel sigs fo commuuicele colin concepts in weird ways, Sue me, "They did, love,
fave a veelly oll ayulen ob fel Uenguegcs Iley sel colored hnols lied ido cons (o dere codain wuemenic. cements
"They else managed lo i ef a ion oe
sudjels oud leyiviely vecel peel raed, consileing tal vever developed wieclel branspod en! used Names Vanes!)
jor evening, "The use ob lalor bn fox proposes bectlilaled consbuelioa people geve lime aid sewice insteed ob money,

So wlals so special about these bolls? Vey didlt even conduct Woody sacuiices. Ile. Stcas tid, lonever covtisne a
on lucy feet undewpevnd, wnepped ic leaves end presenel ly salty soil and tle coll. Veae wee tle Shoes ensues fo

ry deities — the mrnmies 1 lle Ardes weve secnibices (0 the gods. Not ovdy thel, ll the sacnibices evr vebulel
ctihen, The Srees winel avd lined a prospective said, doped lex up wih quai abealel ond wuallel ler ido o fond,
Pleasout people, ch" Nol ody tlat, ut they Aelieved thal the mummy became. a of sous, alle to poplesy onl
answer questions (9 Hose wlo pail lomege al the fond. Tekaps (lets vituel really did provide some: snk of Vik Ue tal
Blood bor the Blood Fod!

So vous we come lack fo the Aptecs. lon a quoup (lal slanted oul as o lanl ob reyes, lley sine rose ta
prominence, Mer adi Fiched Uaouh wal ob the conver. they dropped in on o suvempy Ultle ance end decibel to
Ln i he Ut eed il pi ede in
aud lhe marsty climate, they increased Uhein popedetion aneatly, Lite t other civilisations of lle ance, they. developed
mellenelics aul exgivecring fo o qveal degree, oll tle wey up fo naling stuelunes and tlose slaged pypemils hor wich
Mesoamerican anctitectine 1s 50 bamed,

Te Asfecs rally gol going because oh lein gals, Ulougl, As the closer of Muilgopalt. they weeded lrwen lanl hor
just about evenfling, Nean's mode tle wool! qo rusd, mer aaa em lhe Selig Mino, their
ail jaguar qed let wamins enudeted for rerlh"Tley saorbiced (0 their palin Nuitsilopocltli. "The Actecs, alto. sacriced
to the ant god, tle rain gad, the mest Ulal made up the Cent and jul aloud arling cbse ix tein li oh deities.

Te weanling penade of secibices vequivel beak meet ton the grinder Astec expension prtelly leppered solely out of
thelr need bon wore people bo bibl

Heving ult o cily out of @ swemp, lle feos made siguthicant sides in eapicultine exd lool mesnhacline
companel fo lets weigher. Xi wunast long wedil the Astecs slated conquering the lauds anowl lem, idges ax
roads comrected (ler cily fo the mowrdeins around i, wile the ahjumatel poprdeces ted the bmuces ob their Lay gods.
"They be this nastiness up wil lle Spaniards, slowed up and ransacked llem,

AS

A) Sn Y= =>

oN

NICH HART

Sa \ NGI oT Pee AO bee ag
8 a ee rns me — 6 a

The Speniards celled them pogons as on excuse (0 Hill them. Reller lymontical, sice the conpistedons lidnappel tle
Shear empewn bron wider «ag ob tuce, ransomed hin bor gold, lhe aluenaled hime axl muched on lle cepitel enprey,
Tree were prolelly vempines i there somentere, 5 det frovs about your bib empitere lal lage oceans ob Wood slew
up, 9 lewd bo thie of vampires,
the Astecs weve hiewe wnmnions ov alldetes, Depiclions slow there using obsidiaa-lipped wan cls exd
leauy \urewt-feelles coals, Slightly mene apocnyplal stoves (ell ob llem (uming ita jequens ant caales, loa Nol ex

WY SS caay eal, Ml oe thal J might be elle {0 slows you,
ay The Price

Kill Ad tals dy Swng you eal tis
You see, ib you wud fo ews wed males lem tick you one garg tn lave fo bo wlat tley da Ane you needy (0 be o lille?
Sm already a. Killer. Sve libel quile a. lot oh people. Sve sacribicel all meswier of scierkists and civilians avd
solliew and lids in tle name oh my god, wlo is called Kicking the Auses ob Tclcralic Synpelligens. Even my bicrds
> say So crazy. 9 say Swe committed, And yes, 9 lave bell . Keeling lama leant i my lands
So, le you vord to slat wilh te loner sacnbice, o wih sleving o- weed Ulsugh yon dick? Yam coll neelly, Aer ll
yon lil ll dl

DURANGO

Bbiasio

SAN LUIS POTOSI © 2]
(caves OF THE

S.W. TAMAULIPAS (@TAmrico

ean "
AOA EN aeY GULF OF MEXICO
GUADALAJARA Oo
- GUANAJUATO
ft =)
a) O

SANTA LUISA
PUCHUCA .

TOLUCA

Ay
(Gmexico crry VERACRUZ
B\ oa Cs)

PUEBLA

PACIFIC
OCEAN

GHEO - SHIH
‘SANTA MARTA

ROCKSHELTER


| OPS ATOM | ih Bs.
hth See NESE
ABELL: a We Sat V_

_— — (amg ~ — ih -«t-= S$ ° |

THE EXACT DATE OF THE END @F THE X/@RLD,
@R AN INTRODUCTION T@ THE ITIAYAN CONCEPTION OF TIME
Storyteller' s note: We' ve included this explanation of the Mayan calendar for several reasons: First, it shows that
ithe Mayas were more than bloodthirsty nuts who spent their days sacrificing people to appease the gods. Second, this
mdar underpinned the Mayan understanding of time; if you don't get this, you're not gonna get the Mayan
radigm. Third, the Mayas precisely calculated when the world is scheduled to end — information we hope will
eful to players and Storytellers alike.

Stop playing axound, Byyow, This ix serious stuf
= Dr. Brown — \

A Report from Dr. Winston Brown's Hermetic Committee
on the Impending Apocalypse
SS

Given their cultural obsession with the cycles of exist-=
ence, the Mayas developed a complex calendar, and one that's
startlingly accurate. It accounts for so many variables that
it only misses a day every 6000 years — even the most jaded
Technocrat can tell you that's far more accurate than the

Julian calendar used by most of the modern world.

To the mages of the Mayas, the cycle of time was every=
thing, so they had to be damn sure they always knew what to
call each exact moment. After all, the world had been de=
stroyed five times and recreated four; the priests who
designed the calendar wanted to know when the next routine

creation/destruction was to take place.

Although it might seem somewhat alien to those Sleepers

among us, the Mayas thought of time as cyclical. While Mayan


<a \ Reel eo
CF a a

time had a definite direction, certain patterns repeated
over cycles that lasted for thousands of years. These pat=—
terns played themselves out not just in our immediate

reality, but also on a variety of spirit realms that modern

mages refer to as the Umbra. Carrying certain periods of
time was often the burden of particular deities, whose dis-
position determined the luck or misfortune of that

particular time.

Yeak, them and othen dead thibe, Maube i} ancient culfurer had spent feu tame stargazing,
Sor ssid bw es oS

But the Mayas paid some attention to outward appear-

ances; their astronomical observations were extensive. For

centuries, Mayan priest-astronomers accurately predicted ce=
lestial events such as solar and lunar eclipses.
Inscriptions in the ruins of Naranjo in northeastern Guate-
mala describe a battle possibly timed to coincide with the
retrograde motion of the planet Jupiter, a phenomenon Mayas
could predict with great accuracy. A surviving collection of
Mayan mathematical and astronomical tables commonly referred
to as the "Dresden Codex" shows corrections made to calcula-
tions of the synodic period of Venus — corrections that were
a matter of fractions only observable after decades, perhaps

even centuries.

VAT eee

There was an added incentive to be accurate in this so-=-

ciety that practiced human sacrifice — a mistake by an

astronomer was typically corrected through ritual execution.
Tecan Tholilie Betiaks iad allan Wate

With such extensive knowledge of the cyclical repeti-

tions of the heavens, the Mayas created their complicated
calendars. Though several minor calendars exist, such as
those based on the orbits of Venus or the moon, three calen-
dars were used consistently throughout Mayan civilization:
the ritual calendar, the solar calendar, and the "Long
Count." These calendars were based on a combination of reli-
gious belief and astronomical observation, and could be
combined in various ways, most notably the "Calendar Round."
Perhaps inspired by the repeating nature of the apparent mo-
tions of the celestial sphere, these calendars were a

collection of cycles that spanned days to millennia.

What follows is an elementary explanation of this time-

keeping system the Mayas created; its various

interconnections have astronomical as well as religious sig-

nificanees—— an
A thesis worthy of Min Thistlebottom

CHAPTER THREE: FIRE iN THE JUNGLE — TIESBATIERICA

INS Leck Hei

, faced | (NSuRLY i eee rere el a7
—_ ie $3 a

o> eo Pe Ae "f- " Sa

The Ritual Calendar

Although the original name for this calendar is lost to
history, modern scholars refer to the ritual calendar as

tzolkin, meaning "count of the days." This calendar was used

is i to keep up with cycles of dates that were important for
f ae rituals and prophecy. The calendar records cycles of 260 kin
4 (days). Any particular date on this calendar consists of two
: elements: a number between 1 and 13 and one member of a col=
, > lection of 20 months, each with its own religious
-, 7 connotations: Imix, Ik, Akbal, Kan, Chicchan, Cimi, Manik,
Ss § Lamat, Muluc, Oc, Chuen, Eb, Ben, Ix, Men, Cib, Caban,

nt
= & kEtz'nab, Cauac, Ahau.
és > F The 260-day cycle of the ritual calendar has no apparent
=" 4 astronomical counterpart. Perhaps its origin is a combina-

ate

tion of the numbers 13 and 20, to which the Mayas attached

in

numerous superstitions. Another explanation put forth by
German ethnologist Leonhard Schultze Jena equates the 260-

. day cycle with the duration of the typical human pregnancy.

The Solar Calendar

froth A 365-day calendar, based on the motion of the sun, was

borrowed from the earlier civilizations of the Zapotecs and

68 DEAD ITlacic

1

, =y > 1
y Osi
sana Um) VATTIC EPS

the Olmecs. The years followed linearly with no leap years,
although the Mayas knew through observation that the actual
Solar year was slightly longer. This calendar consisted of
18 months with 20 days each, the days numbered 0 to 19 — no=
tice the contrast to the numbering of tzolkin days, which
begins with 1. This made a 360-day year called a haab and
five extra days at the end were numbered O to 4 and called
the Uayeb — five days rarely considered lucky by the Mayas.
Although the Mayas recognized that the solar year was longer

than 365 days, they didn't use leap years regularly, though
oe _

they are encountered in some records. =

, HT see ome more pauive construction, et on F Pruive voice mdicater

3
acted upo, Would you talk to an Umbrood nd with your language mdicating that you want to
be acted upon? Remember your Exockian, Tt mot what you ray, itt how you say it,

In contrast to the ceremonial tzolkin, the solar calen=-
dar was used primarily for civil and agricultural purposes.
Still, the names of the months retain religious significance
as the year cycles through these months: Pop, Uo, Zip, Zotz,
Zec, Xul, Yaxkin, Mol, Ch'en, Yax, Zac, Ceh, Mac, Kankin,
Muan, Pax, Kayab, Cumku, and the five-day Uayeb. In accor-=
dance with the Mayan belief about the cyclical nature of
time, the last day of each month is also the beginning of
the next. The day 19 Pop is both the end of Pop and the be=

ginning of Uo; this day is called "the seating of Uo" and

ey

7

every other 19th day has a similar title, depending on the

name of the new month.

Tue wen one of there clondai Ug than my. grandmother.

The 260-<day ritual calendar and the 365-day solar calen-
dar can be combined into the so-called "Calendar Round." The
dates on each calendar advance concurrently, and no combina-
tion of dates from the two calendars repeats for 18,980
days, constituting 73 ritual years or 52 solar years. This
combination of calendars was also used by the Zapotecs for

records historical and divine.

The Long Count

This calendar most clearly represents the Mayas' nysti=
cal sense of the cycles of time. This cycle spans literally
thousands of years and is denoted with a 5-digit number in a
distinctive vigesimal system (based on place values of 20)
used just for this calendar: the basic unit is the 360-day
tun, which consists of 18 uinals, each of 20 kins or days.
Twenty tuns is katun, and 20 katuns comprise the largest di-
vision of the Long Count calendar, the baktun, equaling

144,000 days.

DEAD ITlacic

wee b=
" we ser

The scholarly €ensensus) holds that this calendar counts
the days since a "creation event" on August 13, 3114 B.C.;
by adding a "correlation constant" of 584,285 days to the
number of Julian days since that starting date determines

the Long Count.

Archaeologists studying the Mayas are greatly aided by
the appearance of Long Count dates on most samples of Mayan
writing. A date typically appeared in the forms of all three
calendars: the ritual calendar date, followed by the solar

date, followed by the Long Count. February 8, 1999, the day

this paper was originally due, would be recorded by the

Mayas as "9 Men 8 Pax 12.19.5.16.5." —e_.
Ar late ax you are, you thouldhtt get cute,
The Planets and Other Calendars

Mayan astronomical efforts mostly centered on the ap-
pearances of the sun and moon, but astronomers also kept
records of the paths of the planets and attached special im-
portance to Venus. The appearance of Venus at helical rising
marked ceremonies of feasting and human sacrifice. The Mayan
value for the synodic period of Venus was 584 days, remark=
ably close to the accepted modern value of 583.92 days.
Synchronizing the calendar recording Venus's movements with

Sin ee De ies ae ee


the solar and ritual calendars results in a cycle with an

error of less than one day in 6000 years.

Clearly, the Mayas saw celestial phenomena as another
expression of the recurring cycles of the universe. The be-
havior of the sun, moon, and planets was incorporated into
their calendars for pragmatic reasons, but as the ritual
calendar and the importance of each date demonstrate, the
discoveries provided by observing the heavens were enveloped

in multiple religious meanings.
Lucky ame — Em sxyppo ced to wiles ini
On December 23, 2012, the Long Count will again reach

the end of anot reat_cy that resets the count to

13.0-0.0.0, where the world is destroyed a sixth time and

recreated a fifth. The Mayas would probably celebrate it

with a deluge of blood such as the world has never seen, but
more sensible people might view the destruction and recre=
ation of the world as a possible inconvenience. Given the
extreme accuracy of the Mayan calendar, Dr. Winston Brown's
Hermetic Committee on the Impending Apocalypse recommends
that society spend as least as much effort preparing for

this date as it did for January 1, 2000.

you can control minon Forces, but you cant write a theti not cribbed from the
ou paper

iene I need a drink.

STORYTELLING
TTIES@AITIERICA

@ South America is a wonderful setting for
World of Darkness games, but it's too
{| often overlooked. Let's face it: Your typi-
cal North American player isn't used to
thinking of things outside the US of A
and Europe as being remotely "civilized."

South America's got civilization
too; it just took longer for conquista-
dors to spread across it, probably
because the huge jungles were less conducive to
travel and settling than, say, the great plains of
North America. Plus, Spain wound up on the down-
side of colonialism and wasn't able or willing to
support the effort. So modern civilization emerged
more slowly in South America. Nevertheless, the
continent has more than its share of "neat stuff."

South America is a great setting for a chronicle
that's a little foreign without relying on the staple of
Asiaornot-too-alien Europe. Major cities like Rio still
have modern amenities, so your techno-fetishist char-
acters can have their electrical outlets. On the flip
side, even with the huge deforestation of the Amazon,
there are great swaths of jungle and wild lands in South
America. There are pyramids, tombs, mummies, ma-
gicians, lost civilizations and Technocratic planning,
shapeshifter threats, unaligned vampires and political
upheavals. In short, you can run just about any sort of
story you damn well please in South America.

ANCIENT ASTR@NAUTS?

The famous Nazca lines in Peru supposedly fea-
ture symbols of beings that resemble sketches of aliens
from various abduction victims. Are they really be-
ings from another planet? Mages might classify them
as Umbral entities, but they could be some sort of other
intelligence. And what did they want with the Incas?
The Technocracy obviously tries to debunk such
theories, buta Dreamspeaker in South America insis
that the Union hasa secret base where they're holding
the Gray-Mayan hybrid race.

BL@e@DyY HELL

The Aztecs killed alot of people. A lot.
The victims are very mad. Those who
left souls behind, that is. Rampag-
ing spirits on the loose in Mexico

my

Hie

as
mw

weirs ye

can start causing a ruckus, es-
pecially when they're using

weapons from the twelfth century. Worse still, what if
some dead Aztec ghosts are coming back to possess
people or otherwise begin their sacrifices anew?

Hey SHrT! IT's GoLp!

The Incas apparently believed that gold and silver
were literally the feces of the gods. The Spaniards
melted down most of the Inca's ceremonial statuary
during their conquest of the area, but high-altitude
explorers have discovered many old Incan sites that
have remained untouched for years. Since these sites
have treasure and perhaps old magical artifacts, mages
and Technocrats alike might be interested — mages to
get the gold to pay their bills and grab some new
trinkets, Technocrats to keep them from doing so.

BLO@@DY ENCHANTITIENT

Make no mistake: Much of Central American magic
is not for the faint of heart. Although the Mexican
cultures had some shamanistic practices, the Aztecs and
their subjects enforced a brutally hellish regime upon
theirsubjects. Bloody gods demanded bloody rites. Mayan,
Incan and Toltec practices are shrouded in mystery; their
rituals connect powers that even Hermetic mages of the
day would have found daunting. All in all, a strong magic
demanding an equally strong mage.

CUICUILC@'s DEMISE
(eeeee FORCES, eee ITIATTER)

Cuicuilco was a great city in the Mexican central
highlands, until its destruction in A.D. 150 by an
erupting volcano. Teotihuacan went on to become the
most powerful remaining city of the region. Some
mages speculate that Cuicuilco's demise was planned in
a fiery disaster to end its potential threat, while others
attribute its end to the act of angry gods or unfortunate
tectonics. Whatever the case, some sort of ritual has
been handed down that points to magical influence.

The mage must sacrifice a human victim, as might
be expected for magic of the Mesoamerican sort, in
order to awaken the power of the volcano (fire gods and
what-have-you, after all). In some versions, the victim
might actually be thrown into the volcano; in others,
the subject is merely slaughtered near the volcano's
base. Either way, the ritual is dangerous, since it is
unlikely that the mage will get out in time.

System: Effect successes generate tremendous tec-
tonic forces and pressurization of material in the heart
of a chosen volcano. With enough successes on such a
ritual, the mage could theoretically cause a volcano to
erupt, perhaps destroying an area just as Cuicuilco was
destroyed. Such an Effect is a phenomenal feat, easily

74 DEAD ITlacic

requiring twenty or more successes for even a marginal
result; a mage who scores fewer successes might succeed
in getting some unpleasant burbling and maybe a single
stream of lava from a volcano, but no spectacular
eruption. Don't botch.

HEART FOR HUITZILOP@CHTLI
(coves LIFE, ee eee SPIRIT, eeeee PRIME)

The Aztec practice of human sacrifice is well known.
Scholars of the occult theorize that they used such rites
to feed bloody, demanding gods, perhaps even vampire
priests. What is conclusively known to mages today is
that the power of human suffering can be channeled
through rites of human sacrifice — but the price in
terrible Resonance is high indeed.

The Aztecs considered themselves the chosen
people of Huitzilopochtli, and to him and their other
hungry gods they sacrificed a regular train of human
hearts. The Aztec creation myths even state that the
monster from which the world was formed demanded
human hearts in exchange for the growth of crops.

A hideous and terrible rite, this power requires the
mage to cut open the chest of a victim and tear out his
heart. The blood of the victim is drained into a fire,
spattered across the altar or sometimes even swallowed
by the demented magician. As the mage pulls the heart
from the struggling, screaming victim, he tears out the
subject's life force and devours it for magical power.
Aztec magicians probably offered up that power to their
gods, but greedy and psychotic mages of the modern era
might well try to capture such power for themselves.

System: The mage must literally kill her victim and
tear out his heart. Nothing less suffices for this rite. The
subject must die, typically on the wrong end of a
ceremonial knife. Once the subject expires, the Effect
captures the victim's life essence and spirit, then shat-
ters them into power for the mage. The mage starts
casting this Effect as she plunges the knife into the
victim's flesh and finishes it as she tears out the heart;
each success scored on the Effect channels three points
of Quintessence directly into the mage or into any
entity or receptacle prepared and waiting (the Quintes-
sence can be split up, if desired). If the Effect generates
five or more successes, the victim's very Avatar is
sundered — Gilgul — in the process. Quintessence
generated by this Effect typically has the Entropic
Resonance of Death, though in some very special cases
of sacrifices to fertility or agricultural gods it might have
the Entropic Resonance of Renewal.

Every time a mage uses this Effect, he gains a point of
Entropic Resonance. Aztec priests were terrifying figures
with distorted, sunken countenances and a maniacal


obsession with gathering victims for their gods. Any
mage who delves into this rite risks following their path.
Furthermore, using magic of this sort is certain to bring
down the ire of any other mage who discovers it: The
Aztec empire had many enemies among its neighbors,
because the constant demand for bodies sent the Aztecs
to war with so many surrounding cultures.

A botch on this rite is hideous indeed: Some
ancient power decides that the mage's sacrifice is insuf-
ficient or incorrectly performed. The exact effect is, as
always, left up to the Storyteller, but a horrendous and
lingering death is not a bad start.

BL@@D FOR THE GODS
(eee SPIRIT, ¢¢ LIFE, « PRIME)

The Aztec priests had dozens of sacrifices addressed

to specific gods. In the sacrifice to Huehueteotl, for
example, captives were drugged, thrown into a pit of
fire and dragged out of the blaze with hooks. Then their
hearts — still beating — were pulled out and thrown
back into the fire. The Aztec gods rewarded such
sacrifices with power. A few modern paradigms, usually

bleak and demonic, address this ritual to different gods.

System: Successes on the Effect roll determine the
duration of the gifts granted by the gods. The specific gift
depends on the deity to whom the ritual is addressed.
Spirit magic attracts divine notice, while Life incorpo-
rates the god's boon into the mage's Pattern. A modicum
of Prime is required so that the Pattern can assimilate the
powerful influx; one mage who performed this rote
without the requisite Prime acquired a disturbing Reso-
nance noticeable even to Sleepers a few days before he
spontaneously exploded in a bloody spray.

This Effect increases one Attribute or Talent by 2,
or grants some minor special characteristic, and earns
the mage a frightening Entropic Resonance. The Sto-
ryteller determines both, based on the nature of the
deity who received the sacrifice. A botch means the god
was not pleased.

Note that this rite is not quite the same as the rote
Heart for Huitzilopochtli and is marginally easier to
cast; the intervention of the gods doubtless smoothes
matters. However, it does not grant the mage the same
level of raw power. Rather, it gifts the mage with some
benefit from the gods — perhaps making him phenom-
enally quick for the duration if the sacrifice goes to
Tezcatlipoca, who often appears as a jaguar, or giving
him a fearsome visage and the ability to breathe water,
if sacrificed to Tlaloc the rain god.


7A

pau

5

YA

THINGS THAT Keep Y@U UP AT NIGHT

There's no denying it: The Aztecs did some
pretty horrible, fucked-up shit. They perpetually
waged war just to acquire more bodies for their
altars. They sacrificed thousands (prisoners and
citizens alike) to their bloodthirsty gods. They
worshipped entities that devoured the very life of
their empire.

What compelsa civilization to do sucha thing?
The survival of the universe, for starters. The
sacrifice of human blood and hearts gave the Aztec
gods the strength they needed to maintain Cre-
ation. The sun itself needed blood if it was to rise
again the next day.

These dismal beliefs spread throughout the

egion as the Aztec empire expanded. And if the
consensus of belief forms reality...

What if the Aztecs were right, and the sun
really would not have risen without all those warm
and bloody hearts? What if the sacrifices of the
Aztecs were the only thing keeping their world
from ending? Given this grave "reality," the ritual
sacrifice of thousands must have seemed like cheap
insurance by comparison.

UR ENEMIES ARE DELICIOUS
(eee LIFE ee SPIRIT)

The Aztecs had something like the neighborhood
backyard Barbecue, but the meat was particularly rare.
The Aztecs conquered new people constantly not only for
sacrifices, but because they were an empire of cannibals
and their delicacy was captured warriors. After the priests
sacrificed hundreds of prisoners, the corpses were returned
to the warriors who had captured them. The corpse was
then served at a banquet thrown by the warrior and
attended by his friends, neighbors and relatives.

Aztec cookouts demanded the proper decorum.
Exotic foods garnished the dead, and the warrior's
friends were expected to compliment the host on the
quality of the meal.

If an Awakened priest performed the sacrifice,
however, the flesh imbued the cannibal with strength.
Entire armies cannibalized their prisoners to give the
warriors that bit of the departed soul that lingered. The
priests only used this rote before critical battles, to
prevent addiction among the ranks.

System: If a person eats a corpse prepared by this
rote, raise all of his Physical Attributes by 1 but lower
his Social Attributes by 1 as well. The corpse must be
eaten the day it's prepared. (In some paradigms, the

76

Dean ITlacic

cook — not the priest — performs this rote on the
corpse.) Each day after, the cannibal loses a dot on one
of his Physical Attributes and regains one on his So-
cials, until they all return to their original ratings.

The rote has two dangers. First, ritual sacrifice and
cannibalism risk a strong Entropic Resonance. Second,
acannibal can become addicted to the powerful delicacy.
Each time a character eats meat prepared with this rote,
roll the character's Willpower (difficulty 5, but quickly
rises if he cannibalizes such corpses regularly). If the roll
fails, the character's gota corpse habit; lower his Physical
Attributes by 1 ifhe doesn't indulge at least once a week.
A month of cannibalism-free living and plenty of spent
Willpower cures the addiction, if not the Resonance.

Of course, the Effect is usually built to last at least
a day. A shorter version can be cast if the mage simply
can't score enough successes, but the amelioration of
social decay doesn't speed up.

THE BALL GAME (¢ « LIFE)

Sometimes a sacrifice just has to go off without a hitch;
that's when you start pulling hearts out of athletes. The
Aztecs and Mayas made their slaves play a soccer-like
game with a huge rubber ball; both teams were ultimately
sacrificed, but the winners were pampered first. Perhaps
the game amused the gods, or just worked up the competi-
tive juices, but the players made worthy sacrifices.

In modern nights, several groups have adapted this
ritual to their paradigm. The Caballeros Aguila, a Tijuana
street gang, holds victims at gunpoint and forces them
to play football in an alley before they sacrifice them to
Tezcatlipoca, the Aztec god of war and death.

System: If the successes rolled on this extended
ritual exceed the difficulty of the subsequent sacrifice,
lower the difficulty of that sacrifice by 1 if it involves a
participant in the game. The sacrifice is rolled sepa-
rately. A botch raises the difficulty of the sacrifice, or
means that the gods didn't enjoy the game...

VISIONARY BLO@DLETTING
(ee SPIRIT, ¢ ITIIND)

Sometimes when you lose lots of blood, you start to see
things. The Aztecs and Mayas did, anyway. They used
lancelets to pierce spiritually significant body parts like
ears, genitalia and tongues. Sometimes they ran knotted
string through the punctures to really get the blood flow-
ing. The dizzy hallucinations thatsuch bloodlettings inspired
were thought to be important messages from the gods.

System: The nature of the vision varies with the
number of successes rolled on the Effect. With one
success, the mage might see a momentary and incompre-
hensible image. With four or more successes, a


Mesoamerican god (or one from a different pantheon
depending on the mage's paradigm) appears to the mage,
offering cryptic advice or revealing its message through
aparticularly vivid hallucination. Typically, the sacrifice
of blood causes the spirit to be favorably disposed toward
the mage, so it usually gives useful advice.

While the mage's vision may present useful infor-
mation, sincere worshippers use the rote simply to
commune with the divine. Spirit magic contacts the
gods (or accessible Umbrood, if the mage's paradigm
's), while Mind draws upon the deepest
symbols and associations within the caster's brain to
translate the spirit's message into a meaningful halluci-
nation. The mage regains one or two Willpower points
at the end of a successful casting, more if the Effect was
particularly successful or the hallucination particularly
enlightening. (Storytellers can, of course, give signifi-
cant information through such visions, though a
Storyteller should not be compelled to try to predict the
exact future of a chronicle.)

While experiencing the hallucination, the mage is
unaware of his surroundings and may be vulnerable.
Although the mage may be awakened from his vision,
the Effect is ruined if something snaps the mage from
the reverie. Typically, the blood loss and piercing
inflicts two levels of lethal damage; since the mage is
deliberately injuring himself, this damage cannot be
soaked, even magically.

Barring certain uses of Life magic, a mage can only
use this rote every other week or so. Copious amounts
of blood lost on a regular basis make a man lightheaded,
to say the least.

In some paradigms, Visionary Bloodletting leads
to a Seeking.

Cup OF ITZ(¢« LIFE, © PRIME)

One Mayan fresco shows a priest sacrificing his own
blood that he might hold the power of the gods. A large
decorated bowl with a paper in it is used to catch the
blood, and the paper is then burned; smoke from the
paper travels through a hole above the altar into the sky
with the gods. In return, the gods grant the supplicant
abit of their divine energy, which similarly comes down
from the sky and into the priest. The rite is clearly
similar to other forms of sacrifice used by some Tradi-
tion mages (see Heart's Blood, Mage Revised, p. 182),
but this version is a bit more fearsome — the typical
Mayan form of the ritual required the mage to pierce his
genitalia with a long needle and squeeze out the blood
for the enchantment.

excludes de:

System: Successes generated on this Effect allow
the mage to bleed out his own life and turn it into Prime

energy, as with the Heart's Blood rote. However, the
addition of the Life magic gives the mage an opportu-
nity to minimize the worst effects of the damage;
although it can't prevent the injury, at least the mage
needn't suffer overmuch from the pain of the rite.
Mayan priests probably indulged in some hallucinogens
or narcotics along with the ritual — or, at least, that's
what Technocratic historians posit.

WAITING TO EXHALE(e ee ENTROPY,
«© SPIRIT; @PTIONAL #* CORRESPONDENCE)

This rote is like the Cup of Itz, but a group of women
— usually relatives or close friends — contributes blood
to the ritual. The smoke from the bloody paper wafts up
to the gods, who in return protect the women's homes,
neighborhoods or even cities from unfortunate acci-
dents. With modern adaptations of this ritual, this rote
reduces the likelihood of anything from fires and heart
attacks to skateboarding injuries and burned TV dinners.

System: Spirit magic ensures that the offering
reaches the gods, while Entropy allows changes of
fortune. Each success on the Effect extends the dura-
tion of this rote or raises the difficulty of any harmful
coincidental Entropic Effect in the area by 1. If Corre-
spondence is used, successes can also contribute to the
range of the Effect beyond the place where the ritual
was performed. The ritual takes one night to cast. Use
the Acting in Concert rules (Mage Revised, p. 154) if
more than one mage contributes blood to the ritual.

@BSIDIAN STEEL (¢¢ ¢ ¢ ITIATTER)

A razor-sharp and knappable rock, obsidian was the
staple material for Mesoamerican tools and weapons.
Though crafting the obsidian pieces into shape re-
quired careful work, a well-sculpted piece could serve as
a short knife, a scraping tool or a tooth on a piercing
weapon. Even modern science recognizes obsidian's
incredibly fine edges, useable even for surgery.

As a weapon, then, obsidian was deadly. The only
drawback was its fragility; pieces larger than an arrow-
head shattered when striking with any force and broke
against stone or metal. A powerful priest, however,
could make obsidian durable. By bathing the finished
weapon in blood, hardening it in fire and sharpening it
against stone, the mage can give the obsidian strength
to pierce nearly any armor.

Obsidian Steel seems like asimple Matter transmu-
tation, giving obsidian the durability of hard stone or
metal. Pieces treated in this fashion do not crack or
shatter, and their edges can penetrate even hide, wood

or, in some cases, metal. The rote's Effects is often

LON we
JR

eas

ans

Aas
ST

\ 4

coincidental: Ifa lucky piece of obsidian doesn't shatter
when it hits something, who can tell?

System: Successes scored for Obsidian Steel cause
the treated pieces — generally, nothing over the size of
an arrowhead unless the magic is vulgar — to become
more resilient. Pieces could be placed in a club so that
it can pierce and slash armored opponents with ease. It
can also be used to make piecemeal armor. Of course,
the mage must score enough successes to make the
Effect last long enough to be useful. A permanent
Pattern change (with Prime added) could make an
Artifact; it's rumored that there are still a few rare clubs
out there so enchanted.

JAGUAR CLOAK
(coves LIFE eee ITIATTER, eee PRIME ee SPIRIT)

Fierce warriors showed their off their battle skills
with grisly trophies. Some dressed in the skins of jaguars
and other dangerous animals. Just as the Norse berserk-
ers wore bear skins and gained the bear's ferocity,
Mesoamerican warriors drew upon the jaguar's speed
and hunting prowess. A few could even transform
themselves into jaguars and run through the jungles at
great speed or slay their opponents with claws.

Of course, few warriors had the magical skills to actu-
ally transform themselves, but their priests knew rituals to
enchant jaguar skin cloaks and armor so that the warrior
could transform when he wore them. Warriors met with the
priests periodically to renew their cloaks, unde
tasks and maintain the power of their jaguar skins. Kills in
battle also maintained the magic of the cloaks.

ke secret

System: A jaguar cloak or skin enchanted with this
rote is attuned to a specific wearer. Through Life magic,
the skin recognizes only its owner and grants him the
power to assume the form of the jaguar. A strong-willed
and fierce warrior can even control the transformation,
briefly gaining claws or a nasty bite without fully turn-
ing into a beast. When the wearer transforms, the
Matter magic causes the cloak to become part of the
wearer — in effect, it becomes his skin, and turns back
into acloak when the wearer reverts to his normal form.

A mage enchanting a jaguar cloak must score enough
successes for the item to have a worthwhile duration and
empower the cloak to affect its owner. The wearer risks
the normal problems of transformation: His mind may
become feral if he remains too long in the shape of a
jaguar. Thus, the secret warrior societies that used such
cloaks often accepted only the most strong-willed and
brutal warriors — those with the presence of mind to


Se

>

retain their intellect and with enough animal cunning
that they already seem like a jaguar (thus having a good
Resonance to work with the spell).

The jaguar cloak renews its power through its
wearer's deeds in combat. As the wearer slays his
enemies, the enchantment channels the anguish of
departing spirits into magical energy (with Prime and
Spirit magic). The spirit energy floods into the warrior
in a wash of ecstasy that feeds the cloak. Each person
killed by the wearer in heated battle adds another day
to the cloak's enchantment. Eventually, the warrior
becomes blood hungry and seeks out battle both to
further the cloak's power and to sate his own increas-
ingly animalistic appetites — some warriors even gorge
themselves on the organs of their foes, as if the mere
rush of souls is not enough to satiate them.

Few dare to use these cloaks in this day and age, but
rumor has it that, in the Amazon, there are men who
run as jaguars.

@UAHUITL (* ¢ CORRESPONDENCE)

When the Spaniards first encountered the Aztecs,
the precision of Tenochtitlan far outstripped that of
any Spanish city. Spanish land measurement varied
from province to province, while the Aztecs had devel-
oped a rigorous understanding of land measurement.

System: Anyone could use a quahuitl —a cord cut
toaspecific length —for measuring distance. However,
a mage can empower a quahuitl with specific properties
— sort of like the Aztec version of zoning. An area
cordoned off with lengths of quahuitl, probably over
several turns as the mage sets and resets the length of
cord, can be warded against improper intrusion or exit.
Functionally similar to the Ward Effect in Mage Re-
vised (p. 159), this rote demonstrates how a mage
might do a common Effect under a specific paradigm.

PATTERNS @F THE LONG COUNT
(+ PRIME, © SPIRIT)

As the sidebar The Exact Date of the End of the
World (p. 65) explains, the Mayas thought that the
earth and the spirit realms were governed by cyclical
patterns of time. Depending on the god who carried a
particular span of time, certain occurrences were more
likely. And the Awakened who could perceive Patterns
saw tendencies in the passage of time and the motions
of the spirit realms.

System: The mage reads the Long Count, also
perceiving the Patterns that exist among the dates of
the calendar. For the duration of the Effect, lower the
difficulty of Effects involving one Sphere by 1. This is
just one pattern that can be found in the Long Count.

BIA = ey
WAX ee Cy oe

CHAPTER THREE: FIRE IN THE JUNGLE — TIES@ATTIERICA

Troupes might devise their own, perhaps making Para-
dox backlashes more severe on a certain night or
increasing the rate at which Quintessence can be drawn
from Nodes. Just keep the bonuses low and be sure that
the prevailing cosmic tendency fits the story.

The patterns discerned by the reading only apply to
Effects cast by mages who believe in the cycles of the Long
Count (ultimately, the caster perceives the tendency, but
that doesn't make it real to others). At the Storyteller's
discretion, this rote might also give the character insight
into the state of reality given the current Long Count. A
botch means that the mage has misconstrued the pattern;
let the lying about difficulty numbers begin.

SCHEDULE ©F HEAVEN (© SPIRIT, © THTIE)

The divine patterns of the Mayan Long Count
governed not just the earth, but the many Mayan spirit
worlds as well. During certain periods of time, minutes
to millennia, the planes of existence came closer to-
gether. Modern Dreamspeakers who still observe the
Mayan ways read the Long Count to determine the best
times to step sideways into the Umbra.

System: A student just learning the intricacies of
the Long Count might know enough to locate one or
two times a certain Near Umbral Realm is most acces-
sible; a Master, however, can discern more propitious
times even for Realms in the Deep Umbra. Successes on
this rote lower the difficulty of crossing the Gauntlet.
Successes can also increase the usefulness of the read-
ing, revealing the best times and Realms to the mage.
The Storyteller can also decide how accessible certain
Realms are depending on the needs of the story or the
date of her chronicle's Long Count.

A botch could mean missed opportunities or use-
less frustration. On the first night in two hundred years
that it's been easy to travel to the Deep Umbra, for
example, the mage believes it impossible.

Note that the Schedule of Heaven doesn't necessar-
ily sidestep other travel problems like artificial Gauntlet
strengthening or the Avatar Storm; it does, however,
help the mage in sensing useful Junctures, times when
the Umbra gains strength within a certain area. This can
also be useful in determining when a close correspon-
dence between spirit and material worlds might result in
a surplus of Quintessence that can be harvested by
someone with the appropriate knowledge of Prime.

TRINKETS AND ITEITIS

Ce@pex ITEND@ZA (SPECIAL)

When the Spaniards razed the Aztec empire, they
carried off many artifacts and treasures from
Tenochtitlan. Of course, Aztec society disgusted the


Spaniards and many murals and books detailing reli-
gion and history were burned. The Codex Mendoza
survived this purge. Several copies have been made, so
one could conceivably crop up nearly anywhere.

The Codex Mendoza describes the Aztec's history
from the perspective of the culture itself. A reader needs
to be able to decipher its logographic language — the
Aztec language that evolved from Mixtec pictograms.
Aside from containing tributary records and results of
various wars, the full Codex Mendoza's pictograms elabo-
rate on some religious and magical practices, including
the rite that mages know as Heart for Huitzilopochtli.
Naturally, any mage aware of this fact is eager to make
sure that copies of the book stay out of the hands of any
enemies, especially the Nephandi, but it appears that the
Nephandi have had a heads-up on the rite for some time.
Now it's just a matter of containment.

HUACA (2-PT. ARTIFACT)

The huacas are sacred carvings, often of small men
orscenes from tales. It's said that huacas carry the power
of the objects they depict. Since huacas often show
magical events or the dwarfish beings reputed to live
under the Andes, such talismans can actually be useful
in forging arcane connections. This means that a mage
could use a huaca to draw a connection to one of the
dwarfs, possibly to weave a protection enchantment, or
that the mage might be able to garner insight into the
location of a historical mystic event, like the landings
of the so-called "ancient astronauts."

ITlYsTic PLACES

Peru, Mexico, Brazil; the Amazon, the Andes, the
Temple of the Sun: There's no shortage of sites to draw
mages to South America. Mages recognize the place-
ment of ancient temples and pyramids in places that
once held power (and in some cases still do). Many such
sites have become tourist attractions, but a few retain
links to their past. And, of course, some are so grand
that people lose sight of the magic amid the majesty.

THE ANDES

Though the Andes are too large to be considered a
single Node, they hold enough mysteries to draw mages
in search of the hidden places reputed to lie in their
peaks. Formidable in height, the Andes present several
problems for prospective travelers — though trips can
be had through the Andes, most mages know that the
good stuff is off the beaten path. Furthermore, few are
prepared for their sheer height, and travelers unaccus-
tomed to physical exertion in high elevations are asking

for trouble, especially if they're running from hostile
spirits or creatures.

Legend has it that the Incas built their cities and
civilizations upon the ruins of older, subterranean cit-
ies. Explorers of the Incan ruins might discover a
Technocratic conspiracy to cover up such ruins. Some
stories even claim that the tunnels connect across the
earth with hidden lairs under Egypt, China and places
on the other side of the planet. If such stories are true,
a mage who discovered a means to travel quickly from
site to site could gain access to a tremendous web of
powerful Nodes.

Beyond the Incan ruins, mages find the Andes a
repository of untouched mountain wilderness. Of course,
large tracts have been mined, forested and overrun
(especially in the World of Darkness), but there are still
uncounted acres of free space that hide all manner of
strange flora and fauna. Mages with a bent toward Life
magic could find uses for the creatures or plants of the
Andes, some of which aren't found anywhere else on
earth — or outside of the Umbra.

CH@LULA

The Olmec-Xicallanca dynasty built a pyramid at
Cholula, the largest pyramid built in the Americas. If
the rumors are true, the South American pyramids are,
like their cousins in Egypt, sites of enormous power.
Rumor has it that a mage of sufficient Prime skill could
not only awaken the Node at such a site, but channel
and direct its energy to any other pyramid on the planet.
If so, no mage has done so in millennia.

JAINA

The strong death ties of many Central American
cultures mean that it's no surprise that they, too, built
necropoli. In this case, though, they dedicated an entire
island to the function. Jaina became an island necropolis
off the west coast of the Petén Lowlands. The angry spirits
of those who died and were buried without ever knowing
the bloodcurdling sacrifices of the temples might still
dwell here. It's almost certain that old tools and magical
items might be left behind here, and one Dreamspeaker
swears that anatural gate to the Underworldexists, though
ghosts of Mayan warriors are said to guard the gate.

SAN LORENZO

A thousand years before Christ, the Olmecs built
one of the first prominent cities in South America. The
site now known as San Lorenzo persisted for several
hundred years as a tribute to the brutality and butchery
that later spread across the continent.


‘ ins Hl,
NIN

AGLaT/

San Lorenzo shows evidence of having been a place
of religious ceremony and culture. It has the first his-
torical indications of ball courts, temple records and
sacrificial charnel pits. Stone drains served as an aque-
duct system, while tremendous carved heads and murals

adorned the city. The people indulged in the pastimes
of their culture — human sacrifice, cannibalism, reli-
gious hallucinations. What Resonance might such a
place have today?

4
-
7 \ %
GG
l :
e.

or
h a
— =
P bs)
ly Eo

/ 7 >
Si n,
i :
& wie wy —s
ah, ©
fj
f; tl "i
y
Y PRESCOTT,
Ss


(
'

lll CERES CRN CS aeiscuie Scie 9

Xe

WS

LEY
até

7 RI

Haier

NIAR
WA

I

A

ae)

ee a eae

- ow

Abe ca
Here are the document] I have accumulated for my report on eecret
societies witle Greece and Rome and their effect on the modem T ra- aged
ations of the Council of Nene. The variety of snterviews, document] ana An

jourvel evttnes tell the etory. Ri idiict reviectyiaryeivthe i

hopes of moactamtng the authertticity of my oriqewal notes, Be
Silwitted in Good Fait, Me
Simon Pawn u
Celestial Chorue Jess
Greek Society zi
J arrived #1 Greece tochy. J aA vot come ae Ohyeteus come to Greece eo)
So ee ots
Tn in Athens, a city tobe the capital of both a European city and ie | i
aadancitecm seth heats imy element bere, The. meipr relaior te iP
Greek Oroab a xelt bb Cleetcnary rot given much attention an ;

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS OF PHILOSOPHY — Greece AND Rome — 83 ii


(ATT

&s

a

.
5
/,
Z

ys Dee

a

a U0 - Ss. - Aae e, Se Vi gentle be ceo
rele n> =e | Neus oh ae

ww, _—— oI

‘aoe | a 7
eieaSs: ae ee

my prem S\
Amenica much leee conrmdered a vichle cect by moet Protestants, The
Chorue hae more. voice ta we. allow ourcelves to hear, J quece.

Well, firet tHe = fret. J need to etart on tat bet of people to contact
for stterviewe, aA my notes To my jourrnal ae I get them,

The Pervasive Greek Influence

Whes moet people look back on Greece, they doit bother to Hank where.
ee ee ee that the Greek wnfluence on
Weeterm culture comes from Crueacdee, their way to reclaim the
Holy Land — a the name. of Goel of course — the crueaders etopped to rape
Agha ar city of Byzantium, When they retuned from their occupa
tion of ety, they brought with them Greek culture, From tie claeeical
wiflerrce came the Rerwiecance wich led to et cetera ad noueeumn,

Ceartet Russa considered iteelf to be the extension of the Byzantine
Evpire n the modem age — aconceit lity more accurate than the

But the Greek tradition wae alive and well long before Hee harcthme~
down leetory. Where do you tank Merlin learned lee tricke from? H's n0
Mee wea eagle d owes toa qlee Ups. fon Pens. avon
#1 tum banded to lan by le prececesore,

Never ary reepect for the past.
The Golden Age

An old Greel legerd states tat two races existed before makin,
The first wae a race of mein made. of ald who lived nn the appropriately
Titled golden age. Then came the ever age, not quite <0 beautiful when
men were mode. of <ilver, Now ie the iron age when men are made of iro a
brutal age of etrife and warfare. Sometimes I tank about the Teclewe~
racy and their push for mankwrle blood and bones to be replaced by plastic
ad eteel, le tre the promee of a better and more beatiful world or juet
another dearadation a fourth age more brutal and hareh than the last?
Shay Happy People

Personal account by Eva Sivers, The Green Ones cabal:

and very near to the Horizon, That] when the beastie started chaca
ue, H resembled a cormpted Evttropic epirit but had multiple heacte, Ir
seemed to be ahnoet macle of heace and necke but we were too try~
# to get away to actually get 4 400A look, That] when we saw ban, han
wae the only one to get a s00d look at lim and she never describes lan


looking the same way lof course, her eyes aot burned out of her head the
poor ard, J elielded my eves from the bean © intense liqht, and then it wae
gone. For ae 1 the <prit world ae we were, the wae not an odd occur~
rence, but juet before the lat left ue I heard a voice wn my head sayin
"Be well you are protected here..."

The elver race? J can tell you what became of them, They are all aroma
ue, They are everywhere, but stick to the foreete. The elver race
hae gone by nemee — 001 te, ehopeeliftere, They remember
te ad ole bike. Gaia and Lua ae vw one elee chee. They preeerve that
which te etl good #1 the world, They are. the true preeervere and defer
ere of mankind in all their natural glory, Mundane folke canmot handle the
aweeome. eight of them and are cowed by the ultimate beauty of ther natu-
ral form but our bard hae the rare and extraorcunary aft to cee thete
only aliew 0 these cart times.

Youve aotta be idelar ne. People mace of aiver became weretane?
Yeah, niaht.

Me gee wee ae or eiver race before man it exieted ae
come <ort of BE a a, an awareness tied to matter before
liverg flesh could hold on to a epwrit. some tan.

agra pabiet ape ey bot' obably ell tt for abeer and
two tickets to a Mexican dortkey ehow, De we the ever and olden
ones have fallen to <enlar temptations we <hall never cee thei bind
angen.

The Peloponnesian War
Transcript from an stterview with Father Eucebo Stavridee PD,
1s:
Sgiyeigares NGS ALAN I S/o Be ated oN
ant ale
Simon Pay ae Trackion hetory, the Couned of Nine and the
Techweracy formed nn the late Remmiceance, That] when
FS! Typical anewer. Do you really beheve that, young man?
SP: Beleve what?
FS! Do you beheve that that te how the 4ecerrsion War etarted?
SP: Well there were conflicts prior to that but there werent exactly clear
icles ae to who wae wo, earce there were no of ficial factions.
FS! 4ind when alo you Hank the firet battles began?
SP: Tum not exacty eure, ht ceceme the fall of the Mythic Age r


at)

Se nae | NG ee
ee" oo ty ee —— w=

ES! <eql> Well, you have a lot to learn . Fret of all, do you binow about
SP: J now the hetonical documentation of it,

FS Do you tank mages were wwolved?

SP: Well not really. Jinever thought about it.

FS: Exactly.
SK y FS! The crux of ttre tee! The war waent about land or economics or
> political factions or even religion it wae about ic. Sparta wae a
iS vation of science and organization' they nal ped oa
7 wiitanem, Atherne wae a nation of ideas and aode where they
=I the pa wmovation and welvicual achievement, Now "Sparta'
= with Eclewemeey wed edie ole Tieetie-wt walters oh have.

the decersion War ina vutehell, Perlope the tracktion of fiqhti each
fy = but that] what itt wae really about:

fede SPE That coewit exactly fit vith the way Hane tured out in te ext
me Y ee ee tere ao ive tae Age continued,
a5 & Macedovia covered the Greeks, Then the ered
o4 ev ae ae,

r: FS! And how exactly hl Macecovia covmuer Greece?

L SP: Well wider the leadership of Alexander the & —

ir FS! Execty, Alexardes the Great, Who de you Hark wae Alexanders tutor?
"§ SP: H wae 4rietotle, J believe.

Ly er |
eur

FS! Right aqann boy. Ever reac of Arietotle's plilocophy? Hie
Boa than the. srepiration for generations upon generations of ecientiets,
SE | SP: I cee, lat low

re FS! Do you low why Socrates wae billed'

SP: Excuse met

rie |i FS: You know of Socrates, riqht? Great Harker, comed the tern

hia tNieactls Sal nee RAT

4 SP: Tm vot eure,

aN 2 FS! Becouee he had vw piety for the aoce of the state. He wae a heretic,
A ad that wae purtehable by death, 0, ne etuclertt, advocated absolute.

' truthe and higher forme were mumutable, dlexander, Hirough

ary

es =

ji Anetotle's metruction inherited their philosophies and tried fo ban,
b Greeks, Macedonians, yetians and Persians wer the rile of one
rr authority and more i attly, one culture, Sound like the

eee Techweracy to you yet?

SP: How does Rome fit wto all of Hie?

86 DEAD ITIAGic


FS: Ab but dont you ceef That] wat the whole of Rome wae about in the
fret place. We, the epiritualet] and idealiets, had loet the
Peloponnesian War and were wary of cemternn our efforts around a
nation, Nations, after all, ted to worry more. about themeelves tan the

weal baste for what they do, Look at Romei it wae a Teclhyweracy,

aqueduct, the aucktorium roade — these Hane chert just come.
from the aocde — that would be too mystical. It wae ecterrce,

eertt i Rome but it wae never anythin, more than functional and
utilitarian, like everytan, elees the. 7 Ht held the eocsety
together ae a common culture, Grishaahy 6 eA all tat. Chrietanity
come. from the Jews, one of the cormuered of Rome.
Cinetanity wetiled a cence of myeticiem and worder that had been
loet for eo ad the Mythic Age returned, Now what could be anew
Cnietionty to retum worrder To our world ln?

The Oracle — Mage, or Moret

"So what faction does the Oracle belong tof Sownrde like a Hermetic
stunt to me."

"No one controle the Oracle or her protectors," rephead Jon,

"So he's lke a Craft moge, raht™"

Jon eighed at Hee and ebook lve head, "Y Itiate, you have vuch to
learn" he sitoned sn a cem~-<eerioue voice, " +, Tracktion Convertton —
what cdo theee worce mean?' You are ‘ the aroup before the snetvictal,
Each and every 4wakened bean te wal. There wae a time when none
of theee labele exieted and each e wae a force wtto lencelf. That te
eccentially etl the case. Some juet like to pretend otherwice because
one's network of frende and colleagues hae become. more. forvnalize a,"
AQuestion

‘Thave come to ack the Oracle a question."

de crt he comes to acl the Oracle a question. Wry ehoule we rant your

veatt

The cocked me, The idea that I woulnit be <eanply charged for the ehow
ad horde a fortune cookie for my trouble wae not what I expected, J wae
unprepared to deferd my query.

"What are you dow, here, Swmon Pant" ead a female voice from beland
the monk,

* <0 question to take from you an anewer nor any

eg To you" the monk rephea.

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Reine

7 QFN

Lifer

A ees = es
ly rk

i
SX, ome

ya

Aan

=

hare

aes
red |

"= 8

Sm Ree ER


oe! R= ee Si ee) ieee ie OO CD eA 74's cm
SrBLeZni Saeed | NSS eee AO be erg

(EA 7 —= ‘of, 9 i SNe. ay = is 7 wr

"Wat do you meant" Jacked wale J tried to et abetter look past the
monk, Starch, in the etaned stone arch the coorway etood a woman

tely wr ma «oft, wate fabric, Even her face wae te
completely wrapped completely

"Ever the syucitive one. Did you come here to debunk ue ae practitio~
ners of your 4rt? Perlape you came to convert ue to your religion"

Tcame to vier te Oracle."

‘Well here Jam what do you watt of me?" the woman aeked with more
than a trace of annoyance.

"Juet to speak to you J euppoee."

"Wat co you meant" Td expected eryptic worde, but not Hie bruelof f,

"No one ever needs to viest me, All the anewere anyone ever needs

avelinn = 1 cheap aekang questions to wich you already
vy Aida mpece Mere bc Maen ARG aibere

J felt micrechloue — could ehe reall be eayang theee Hane? It all
sowed too vorreerneical — too pat. Defeated confueed with a new
Airection #1 mand J tuned around and walked away,

ee ee
ake 4a.
=. \j

7
wa

uw

PEER SAL NT Ses SNe Ope Yo aL

Bel

| Be He used vrei to charm Cerberus, to charm even the aode wtto letting lan
i violate the natural order, He deecenclead through a cave atte Hadee and
a retumed with le dead paramour — almost, but he blew it at the ex.

m & Parts of Greece feel aloet lke paseages between our land and Hace.
=" £7 The well-photoaraphed touriet areae are just trape for money and cameras,
ee but of f the beater roade there are tHe rown nine He #1 places the
net Hose tat aloet] <till ger. Sometimes you cant Tell if the wand te eatyr'e
BEB) eucic. oF if a dark doorway actually leade down to Tartarue The more I look.

Ei wound the wore I get the feeling tat ev #4 J watt to Low te

2k here tenota er of ‘ dead ‘ of beter, to live
Abed up maaic ere, to liven,

4 worde, Perhape the Greel fark Bor Prabal at aha Sa
Li but whesy J turn around to look, it's like. Orpheus turning ae he exite Hadee,
{He Wat am I meena?

G Everyone \inowe the Greek mythe I doit need to retell the Thad nn my
\ oo journal. What people clovit kinow ie how true they miqhtve been,

=p Africae paceed ite mythe wtto mystery, but Greece leepe ite etorice

J 6

f alive. The Greeke have livs mythe The more J get away from civikzation,

if" fH othe wore J feel like Tin qoang back i time. Some Hane ceem clearer when


run at
Sve felt tt. 4 emull breeze p

lapsed tuwiel [poeetcly

aground aittered ae the ew <et. 4 pece

of abracelet or a vace. 4e I ati

afar, ae if from the other <icle of a wall, J eaw

youre. out on a quay 9 the 220 or meandering through dusty remnants of a
pred up while J explored abit of a nearly

a etoreroomn or a buried

ee
of bronze — a eample arc,

to pick it up I heard voices from
ecattilations ae J

stood, Someta, had come cloee. SA almoet touched the myth,

Myth Revealed
Myth te uet the fantastic

wito a form tat the consciousness ac~

te, We weave fanciful talee then eay that they're juet whanercal

ee
be.
In rewote

, away from most of humanity, there's a

ioe for Hangs that werent real, but theyre ae real ae we let them

. You

feel it ae you cross, when the material world aivee way to the mytlcal, Mape
obo vot show these lands, but they are fleeting remvratte of the mythe you

Tye founda

ateway to the myth. The creatures and ic of the
inna eat: wwe to ar 9? P

aa S08

define geometry <0 that he could delineate theee
and cee where they came from and where they wert,
ve euch constnict]e They let theee tan
can cross back

I don't Hank tat the

and man though. J thank Ihave anew eon one to touch

the weave of

here that croeeee the borders — anarch wich tea

+ till wart 5 the
orae needed to
<, boundries
sn OLAS
sto our world any
Tve learned eometlang about

R@OTS OF THE OLIVE TREE

There seems to be an eternal fascination
with the ancient cultures of Greece and
Rome. From the Renaiss:
tively recently, a college-educated man
was expected to have read the Iliad and the
Odyssey, analyzed Plato and Aristotle, and
been able to recite — if not understand —
BY a smattering of Latin. Even in these igno-
rant times, words like "cyclops" or movies
like Spartacus saturate our culture with the legacy of
Greece and Rome.

nce until rela-

So what really happened?

We seem to hear more about Greek gods than we do
about Greek culture itself. Rome we know as a center of
civilization, and we hear phrases about its glory: "All

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F

roads lead to Rome," and "When in Rome...," but few
people even know the date of Rome's fall. This chapter
discusses how modern society remembers these ancient
cultures, specifically how mages remember Greece's
magical traditions.

Oh, technically, "Hellenic" is probably a better
term for ancient Greek society, but that's nit-picking.

THEITIES OF GREECE AND ROME

Greece and Rome gave us intense concepts like
hubris and epic tragedy. They gave us heroes doomed
to failure for their mortal flaws, gods whose whimsy
extinguished civilizations. Secrets, the world can
deal with. It's okay to kill an entire family and bury
them in your backyard, just don't bring it up at the

PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Remit
fin "oe "HH t

QS

Nate 7 *

m'i

ANCIENT GREECE

aN

MEDITERRANEAN SEA

Cay] Key |

Johnson's barbecue party. Truth is difficult to deal
with when we don't like it, especially when it con-
cerns a past we want to call our own.

There's also the theme of opening up oneself to
one's true nature. What was reviled soon becomes a part
of the self. Whether that new identity is something we
want to have or others are willing to accept is another
matter. The Greeks and Romans gave us the hero—the
man who strove to overcome his nature, who traveled
through adversity while he simultaneously made an
inner journey to open himself to wisdom. Even as he
tragically falls, the hero fulfills his true, inner nature.

A LITTLE GREEK HISTORY...

In a world of vast empires, the Greeks were orga-
nized into self-governing city states. This was largely
due to the mountainous terrain of the area, which
forced people into somewhat isolated clusters. Pri-
mary among theses cities were two well-known names:
Athens and Sparta.

Spartans were considered masters of warfare. After
the Messenian War, Sparta annexed its neighbor
Messenia for arable land but was in return nearly
overrun, as the Messenians far outnumbered the Spar-
tans. Sparta survived by turning the Messenians into
slave labor while their own society dramatically evolved

90 DEAD ITlacic

HUS

(2)

an YDONIA

sists cyzicus

Mi asyDos

Mf apRomyTTIUM

AEGEAN

© ii

3

C.H. Venus
La) | te LE

into one completely suited for war. Boys were trained
from manhood to be military men, to subsist on a
minimal amount of food or to steal what they needed.

One Spartan story, often retold, tells of ayoung boy
in military training. Boys of that age were not given
food so they had to steal everything they ate. If they
were discovered, it was taken from them. This early
lesson taught the boys to steal food like a soldier —
quietly and with whatever guile could be mustered.
One boy sneaked into the forest and caught a fox. As he
returned to the barracks, a guard stopped him and asked
him about where he had been. The boy began calmly
talking with the guard, keeping the fox firmly under his
arm, where the fox had gotten free and began clawing
at the boy's flesh. Finally, the boy fell over dead from the
wounds and the fox ran out from under his shirt.
Heralded asa hero and a true Spartan, the boy's tale was
retold for most of Spartan history.

Spartans had little time for crafts, much less for
growing food. This was left to the Helots, the enslaved
Messenians. One well-known chronicler said of Spar-
tan cuisine that "after tasting Spartan food [he]
understood why Spartans were so willing to die." Even
in modern languages, "Spartan" remains synonymous
with austerity. Sparta valued strength, discipline and
war, but little else.

wuz Fa
vat Cyaan

eS.

Few visitors were allowed inside the city. This was
probably for the best — Spartan values and culture so
strongly clashed with outsiders' standards that most
visitors doubtless came away with a rather terrified
picture of the city.

Athens, on the other hand, is sometimes heralded

s "the birthplace of democracy." In truth, this is a
romanticized vision. In its youth, the city was just as
monarchic as any other, with wealthy landowners con-
trolling the elected council. Ina quirk of history, falling
agriculture prices forced Athens to select a dictator to
reform the city. Within a few generations, Sparta,
suspicious of Athens' increasingly imperialistic policy,
attacked and managed to oust the dictatorship. Though
Sparta nominally won, Athens' government changed
again, this time to something like a democracy. Of
course, only male, land-owning Greeks who were born
in Athens could vote. Still, for its time in history,
Athens was remarkably egalitarian. Leaders were not
elected to office by vote, but each Athenian citizen was
expected to take his turn randomly in a station of public
office. This was facilitated by the Agora, an open area
where people shopped and debated. Imagine a cross
between a mall, a grocery store and a nonstop political
debate between candidates. As Sparta's militocracy
declined, Athens' democracy rose.

Given that the city-states of Greece formed one of
the most potent alliances of their era, conflict with
external forces was inevitable. Athens and Sparta came
together along with their allies to repel the Persian
invasions by Darius I and his son Xerxes I. After the war,
Athens formed an alliance with the surrounding city-
states called the Delian League, in order to tax them
and support the huge navy of Athens. Sparta in turn
formed an alliance called the Peloponnesian League to
support its army and keep away the Delians. Ultimately,
this friction led to what is now known as the
Peloponnesian War. At least that is what the history
books tell us...

The Peloponnesian War severely weakened the
Greek states, exhausting their resources on civic infight-
ing. Already tired from their constant feuding, the
city-states were pickings for an outside conqueror. The
entire peninsula was conquered by a small country called
Macedonia, by one of Aristotle's students — a curious
man called "Alexander the Great." Alexander con-
quered all of Greece, Anatolia (present day Turkey),
Egypt and Persia. Under his rule, Greek culture ex-
changed with surrounding areas, spreading the ideas of
Greek philosophers and architects and allowing a wealth
of new ideas into the fold. This trade actually worked in

TV

.

Greece's favor — it prevented cultural stagnation and
the Greek philosophies spread to influence thinking
across the Mediterranean and beyond, bringing about an
era of Hellenistic greatness. Alexander died before he
could spread his empire into Asia, but in his wake his
three most trusted generals divided his empire into
thirds. These fragments declined slowly until another
military power could unify them once more; the old
colony of Rome returned to conquer her forebears.

Summary Report

As I head off to attend the 2000 Olympics in
Sydney, I am writing this summary report of the
documents and interviews with contacts in Atlanta
during the 1996 Summer Olympic Games. Clearly,
there was a great deal of activity in Purgatory (or the
Dark Umbra, as the Council of Nine calls it); how-
ever, I have yet to see any clearly mystical activity
associated with it. There was a well-documented con-
vergence of ghosts in the area. My previous theories at
the time stated that such a convergence always happens
near large gatherings of people, as spirits tend to gravi-
tate to areas of high emotion (as the games stimulate in
some). My recommendation in a field report at the time
stated that such a gathering could happen in all major
cities worldwide during the festivities at the end of the
millennium. However, given the activity and occur-
rences in the Dark Umbra that took place in 1999 and
continued to the present, I highly recommend a study of
the events in question to determine if there was some
causal effect between the two.

The Olympic games represented a religious
festival that united all the Greek city-states as one.
Every four years, all the wars of Greece were sus-
pended while the greatest athletes (or at least the
greatest male athletes) went to the city of Olympus.
Games and competitions were held in honor of the
gods and to celebrate the human body, a im-
mensely holy thing to the Greek soul. So important
were the Olympic Games that the Greek calendar
marked its first year as the first year that the
Olympic Games were held.

Under the reign of Emperor Constantine, the
Olympic Games were cancelled for being "pagan,
and idolatrous" in the eyes of the new Roman'
Church. Still, the Games remained firmly estab-
lished as a sign of unity and competition, and as a
peaceful means of bringing together warring groups.

SIN BE

JIN

7, Wes

he tall
f

HARE

ay a oe

THE RISE AND FALL OF ROME

For fifteen hundred years Rome represented the
pinnacle of European civilization. The gradual decay of
the Greek states led inevitably to isolated pockets of
culture. With armies exhausted by the constant war-
fare, the cities had limited room for expansion, trade or
protection of territories. Stagnation resulted.

In Rome, representative government continued by
tradition. Instead of adhering to a formal body of laws,
the Roman governors ruled by weight of historical
precedent. The senate passed its laws based upon previ-
ous similar judgments. Debate and argument about
precedent determined the acceptability of a legal posi-
tion. Naturally, this meant that skilled debaters, ones
who could make a weak precedent seem strong, pros-
pered politically.

Just as Rome held on to the old representative
governmental traditions established earlier in Athens,
though, it also held dear the militocratic principles of
the aggressive Greek city-states. Military prowess led to
political favor; successful generals could rely on their
campaigns as badges of honor to gain popular approval.
Furthermore, land ownership guaranteed privilege and
wealth. With an argumentative collection of politi-
cians, the only way to increase holdings outside of
business was, naturally, to expand the Roman hege-
mony through conquest — so many statesmen founded
their wealth and power through military actions in
their youth. This incentive led to the constant expan-
sion of Roman territory, by intimately tying personal
political gains with Roman interests.

THE EMPIRE OF THE \W/ ESTERN \X/ ®RLD

Rome was probably founded after native tribesmen
drove out the Etruscans. However, Rome came into its
own during its imperial period: The Roman senatorial
reliance on legal precedent without recourse to records
paved the way for a charismatic leader to influence the
senatorial process. That leader arose in the form of
Julius Caesar.

was

ee |

The Roman representative government had suf-
fered through a slow decline through much of the
second century B.C.; generals used Roman military
detachments to further their political arguments. Of-
ten, a senator's backing in legal matters could be
attributed to his legions stationed near the city of Rome
— the threat of violence to back up authority. The
senate itself kept no legislative authority, but the elected
officials who required senatorial backing pressed hard
upon the walls of tradition. In a system run by prece-
dent, those who could get away with new and dangerous

92 DEAD IT1Acic

schemes set precedents for themselves. Rhetoric fell to
the wayside as violence became the favored tool in
settling political disputes: political officers as nat-
ing one another on the personal level, or engaging in
military feuds on the national level.

By the arrival of Julius, the Roman hegemony was
well into a state of legislative shock. Infighting para-
lyzed the legislative process and made it impossible for
the nation to deal with problems of debt, infrastructure
and private use of military power. Julius, a charismatic
figure by all accounts, managed to wave off the custom-
ary behaviors and expectations of the day. Acting ina
high-handed fashion and with supreme confidence, he
set what precedents he desired and used his consider-
able political savvy to bring the senate into line. From
49 to 44 B.C., Julius effectively dictated policy to Rome
— though he refused monarchy, he accepted the acco-
lades and cooperation of the legislature and cemented
his place.

Naturally, success breeds enemies. Julius' heavy-
handed treatment of the Roman public and his dismissal
of customary procedure earned him no great admirers
among other ambitious politicians. In 44 B.C., Julius
was struck down by angry members of the senate and
their co-conspirators. The liberators, though, found
that Rome's people hailed Julius' showmanship; the
assassins were forced to disperse, with public sentiment
turned against them.

Julius' reign led to the establishment of the empire,
though. From a failing popular government, Rome
converted to a dictatorial regime. A spate of warfare
between Mark Antony and Octavian, the successor to
Julius, ended when Julius managed to secure the popu-
lar support of the senate. Commanding an army with
legislative sanction, Octavian routed Antony, whose
army had been declared a public threat, to the eastern
territories. Ina move of political genius, Octavian took
the moniker Caesar, after the fashion of his adoptive
mentor Julius, and thus established a direct connection
to his charismatic predecessor. Octavian' army was kept
busy with civil war — the Roman republic had splin-
tered under the disparate demands of pro-Caesar
factions; the senate only served to legitimize actions of
conquest and terror after the fact. Without the broad
political support of his opponents, Octavian had to act
decisively and use his one advantage: his appeal to the
military men that he'd led on campaigns earlier during
Julius' reign.

Octavian settled disputes to cement his control of
western Rome, then switched sides to gain popular
support. While he was merely a military commander he
had to rely on his battlefield successes to garner ac-


ROITIAN @RATERY CAND KILLIN)

Understanding the Roman political machine
takes a little work. It helps to look at what the
upper-class citizens of Rome actually did. To them,
manual labor was slave work; intellectualization
was work for philosophers. The true citizen con-
cerned himself with the advancement of Rome,
and with his personal holdings.

In Rome, personal holdings often came down
through families. How could a young upstart gain
some land? Take it by force, of course. The youth
could lead asmall military force on expeditions to
expand the empire — one of the reasons for
Rome's impressive conquests. Then he made the
conquered peoples into Roman subjects and taxed
the province. The veterans of the war were forged
into a potent fighting group by their shared expe-
rience, and they profited from the war effort.
Many settled down and established homes in the
new province, with strong loyalty to the leader
who brought them prosperity.

Once settled in with some land and money, a'
rising star could get involved in politics. Leadership
often became a matter of politicians contesting with

eir private armies — Mark Antony's war against
Octavian merely brought such conflicts to a head.
Since a young citizen couldn't be expected to grow
up doing slave labor, he didn't study craftsmanship,
mathematics or the like. Result: the many years of
scholarship and instruction went into dramaturgy
and linguistics. The Romans took the rigid Latin
language and made it into a remarkably flexible
creature, bending it to their whims; many became
phenomenal public speakers, simply due to their
long and grueling studies of language. Roman poli-
ticians thus had excellent skill to motivate and
manipulate the populace.

claim. As head of state, though, he could gain popular-
ity through the support of Roman tradition, especially
given Antony's continued affair with Cleopatra (and
subsequent acceptance of non-Roman customs and
superstitions). Hailed as a hero, Octavian carefully
cleaved to Roman traditional standards so that his final
move against Antony had the support of military,
public and body politic.

In31B.C., Octavian and Antony clashed in Greece.
Octavian' navy, under the command of Agrippa, block-
aded and sank Antony's ships. Antony and Cleopatra
were routed to Egypt, where Octavian followed; a year

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Reine

later, he caught up with them, absorbed their defecting
army and annexed Egypt.

Octavian successfully stabilized the Roman hege-
mony and defeated all competing claims; he
re-established the ties between the eastern and western
republic and managed to annex Egypt as well. No
wonder he was accepted as a hero and as the only
remaining influence in Roman politics. In 27 B.C., he
cleverly offered to settle to private life, leaving the
senate with the messy job of cleaning up a republic
desperately in need of strong leadership, a republic with
grain shortages and debt, with rioting and no clear
direction. Naturally, the senate offered him more perks
as an incentive to stay — and over the course of several
decrees, including the destruction of all ancient Roman
legal records, he named himself "Augustus" and became
the de facto ruler of all Rome.

Octavian— Augustus — Caesar —set the model for
Rome as an empire. For fifteen hundred years, a succes-
sion of despotic heads of state set precedent and law.

The emperors of Rome were a mixed lot — some
effective, some despotic, some crazed. None can doubt
that their assertiveness created perhaps one of the most
widespread and potent nations the world has ever seen.
The Roman legions, already formidable, were able to
turn their attentions outward, to the annexation of new
territories instead of internal political disputes. Broad
edicts made it possible to concretely address problems
like grain shortages, revolts, debt and infrastructure.
Rome grew in stature corresponding to its decisive
leaders. Unfortunately, not all of its leaders were as
skilled as Augustus.

THE ITIADIMEN OF ROME

Certainly, Augustus' work in cementing the empire
brought new order, but it opened the door to new
problems. Augustus turned the empire on its head; later
imperial developments accelerated Rome's decline with
the terrible policies of insane emperors. Since his suc-
cesses were phenomenal, especially considering his lack
of political ties, Augustus' victories raised some eyebrows
among mystic communities — did he, perhaps, have
some outside help? A mentor, perhaps, who aided him
subtly in the formation of the empire, but later cursed it
to a horrific decline? Most mages are sure that Augustus
was simply a great leader, but certainly some dark infec-
tion followed the transformation of Rome from republic
toempire. Whatever power may have resided there could
still wait to strike a devil's bargain with a would-be
follower of Augustus' successes.

The weaknesses of Augustus' imperial scheme
showed up only a few generations after his reign. The

.
AY

AS

—=

=
a %
<

first of Rome's madmen-emperors was Gaius, better
known as Caligula. Following the suspicious emperor
Tiberius in A.D. 37, Caligula inherited a canny sensi-
bility from Augustus but also had a noteworthy temper
and a hidden streak of malice. He played the part of
gentle son until his ascension; it took years for his
depredations to come to the fore. Caligula may have
been truly mad, or perhaps influenced by some outside
force or internal design.

Caligula's sadistic exploits are legendary: He forced
the suicide or execution of various advisors, he forced
wealthy citizens to will their possessions to the state
and then murdered them, he reveled in displays of
profound torture, lasting for days at a time, he had
spectators dragged into arenas to battle tigers. Legisla-
tion from Caligula made it a capital crime to look
down upon him, or to fail to bequeath possessions to
the emperor in one's will. He eventually deified him-
self: By his order, a temple was built to him. He
compared himself to the pantheon of Roman gods and
goddesses and had those who doubted his power slowly
flayed as a reminder of his authority.

Caligula is also remembered for his debauchery.
It's said that he engaged in sex with whatever women
struck his fancy; he lived with and used his sister
Drusilla, then murdered her to tear their child from
her, convinced that the infant would be a god. He
publicly called for various women, even wives of his
senators, used them and discarded them. He discussed
their practices and failings in graphic detail. Men, too,
suffered his notice; he engaged in liaisons with popu-
lar actors of the time, even with his sister's husband.
But his sensuality could turn at a moment's notice —
after having his way, he might well have his plaything
executed. Even those who survived his attentions
were left with stern warnings: Any neck could fall
under the axe at his whim.

Caligula, like many despots, finally fell to assassins.
Conspirators ambushed himas he left a theater, stabbed
him and his current wife to death, and crushed his
child's head. Even after his reign, though, his night-
mare lived on. The Roman populace refused to believe
the reports of his death. His arbitrary policies could not
be easily reversed. The Roman treasury had been ex-
hausted, public figures executed and humiliated, and
the empire left a wreck scant decades after Augustus
had consolidated it.

Second after Caligula in infamy is Nero, the em-
peror whom legend credits with watching Rome burn.
Nero rose to the political stage primarily through the
machinations of his mother, Agrippina, a direct de-

94 DEAD ITIAGic

scendant of Augustus. Agrippina strengthened her ties
to the throne by marriage to the previous emperor,
Claudius. Through her influence, Nero was married to
Claudius' daughter and recognized as a legitimate heir.
In A.D. 57, Claudius died — presumably due to Nero's
intervention — and Nero became emperor. Nero be-
came the centerpiece of a web of conflicting influence.
Though he briefly had the support of the Praetorian
Guard, he was pulled in multiple directions by his wife,
his mother and other influential figures. He started his
decline with the assassination of his own mother,
followed by the exile of his wife and closest advisors.

Able to move unhindered, Nero survived a pair of
tremendous fires that swept through Rome — but most
startlingly, some evidence suggests that he may have
ordered the fires himself. Indeed, some think Nero
ordered his guards to fuel the fire, or that he engaged in
his own dramatic ambitions during the blaze.

He certainly capitalized on the destruction to cre-
ate a new Rome according to his design. As a result,
Nero's popularity waned; the people of Rome blamed
him for the destruction, so he used Christianity as a
scapegoat. Persecution of the Christians diverted at-
tention, but Nero's eccentricities had already damned
him; his followers realized, after watching his matricide

RemTIAN WARFARE

Warfare in ancient Rome began with the Greek
tactic of the phalanx. The phalanx was a battle unit
of professional soldiers called Hoplites by the
Greeks. A proper phalanx consisted of each soldier
shielding the man to his left and attacking with his
tight hand. This was actually superior to defending
oneself with one's own shield, if the unit was
properly trained.

The Romans used this technique but took it
the next logical step. In the Roman Army, there
were sometimes almost as many engineers as there
were soldiers. These engineers customized siege
weapons to destroy specific cities or topplecertain
defenses. This gave the Romans the advantage that

hey did not have to rely on the same weapons of
warfare from place to place. Instead, the Romans
could use the trained phalanx to shield their siege
weapons, then bring out machinery tailored to the
battle. Roman legions also trained with Spartan
dedication since military service opened the door
tocitizenship anda political career. As the empire's
successes expanded its territory, more and more
soldiers were demanded to defend its borders.

Li + On 1
c CAAT ibs
FATT & Vu

<> : a he

and then his martyring of Christians, that Nero, in the W T T 7 7
fashion of many emperors, always found a means to slay \\\ N\ | | I y/,
anyone who blocked his designs. heh. f Tat

One conspiracy was uncovered before it could
come to fruition, but Nero's rage this time was uncon-
trollable: He killed his lover, Poppaea; he murdered
most of his family as threats to his rule and managed to
alienate the populace and the influential Praetorian

Guard with his eccentricities and murderous habits.

Nero was finally forced to flee Rome after his reign of
terror turned the senate against him, and he committed
suicide even as the centurions hunted him down.

Following Nero, a succession of empérors struggled
with the damaged Roman state, but Domitian, in A.D.
81, surpassed Caligula in cruelty. While Caligula whiled
away his time with carnal pleasures, Domitian suffered
no immorality and saw himself as the ultimate arbiter of
justice and conduct. From the bizarre habit of catching
flies, impaling them and tearing off their wings, Domitian
grew into a true terror — he routinely had Jews ex-
ecuted, he hosted dinner parties with black
accoutrements to terrify the attendees and he even had
the vestal virgins of Roman temples slaughtered.

While Caligula was brutal, Domitian was sadistic.
Domitian devised new methods of torture. He set his
soon-to-be victims at ease with social pleasantries then
had themexecuted. Hisuse of the arena, unlike Caligula's,
aughter than any sort
of rarefied entertainment of cruelties. He introduced the

seemed geared more toward mass

burning of genitals as a method of torture. Even with his
clear condemnation of sexuality, though, he used his
authority to wed such women as took his eye, and had
their husbands killed to legitimize his practices. By the
later years of his reign, Domitian became consumed with
paranoia — his obsessive drive to dole out "justice" saw
conspirators everywhere; he routinely executed advisors
and appointees, accusing them of amassing power to
dethrone him. His appointments eventually turned
against him and proconsuls who feared a short life span
in his cabinet assassinated him.

Elagabalus, emperor from A.D. 218 to 222, prob-
ably personified wanton carnality more than any other
emperor, even beating Caligula to the punch. A mere
teen, Elagabalus nevertheless took multiple paramours
and wives, going through slaves, vestal virgins, courte-
sans and more. He built aphallocentric cult, worshipping
the sun god El-Gabal in a temple with giant penis
statues as decoration and a black meteorite as the
centerpiece. He even had public baths placed in the
palace so that he could find suitably endowed lovers,
and dressed himself in the fashion of a prostitute and
waited outside his chambers, soliciting visitors and

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL®S@PHY — GREECE AND Reinié

ny tan ee s rus "RREY wee mi 2 ee "i

a

{iNS
ead
"as

» fh | a eee Ma ti

SI
a
y
Zz

2

ra me, |

wu,

palace staff alike. He even frequented brothels, not asa
patron, but asa prostitute! Elagabalus indulged in cross-
dressing, makeup, pedophilia and animal sacrifice until
the army, sickened by his indulgences, revolted and had
him and his followers killed.

THE INEVITABLE DECLINE

Naturally, Rome fell. The increasing instability
brought on by dictators of dubious quality only contrib-
uted to its decline. Historians argue over the many
possible causes; some point to the increasing use of
foreign mercenaries and the invasion of barbarian forces.
Others cite Roman economic decline, social decay or
even lead in the water. As internal contests for the
imperial seat intensified, Roman economics failed to
support the increasingly far-flung army. Infrastructure —
roads, communication, transport —simply couldn't sup-
port an empire the size of Rome; by the time that reports
of a military failure on a border reached the capital, six
months had already passed. Eventually, civil war weak-
ened the army to the point that barbarians could invade
the empire. When the army failed to evict them, they
slowly overtook Roman holdings. Every province lost
translated into fewer taxes and resources for Rome.

Rome's economic decline probably set in around
A.D. 100. The Roman empire had become accustomed
toan unfavorable balance of trade with outside nations.
Constant import of luxuries to support the upper classes
led to the devaluation of Roman currency. Increasing
tax burdens upon the middle classes led not only to
unrest but to the compression of various social classes in
a stratified society. As the central empire's expendi-
tures increased, it put pressure on provinces to support
its taxation. In turn, the central army was dispersed.
Roman units introduced foreign mercenaries and con-
scripts, and spread to many different areas.

The combination of economic and military de-
cline, prompted by a central bureaucracy that couldn't
handle the demands of such a widespread empire, led to
a slow but steady decline over 300 years. Rome itself
finally collapsed in A.D. 410, and the last emperor was
dethroned in A.D. 476. German kingdoms become the
new authority in the region.

ROITIAN LEGEND

The multifaceted history of Rome makes for com-
plex reading, but it only whets the appetites of political
mages. Students of the arcane look into Rome's mythic
sources for inspiration as well. As a pagan state, Rome
(before its conversion to Christianity) followed a diverse
array of gods; Roman emperors later deified themselves
and their wives in an attempt to gain popular support or

96 DeAD ITlacic

perhaps a form of immortality. Rome's heroes, too,
confronted a wealth of creatures much like their Greek
counterparts, and the ordered structure of Roman civili-
zation fostered a new breed of mages.

Much of Roman legend was influenced by Greek
myth, of course. Later, Rome's culture was shaped by the
rise of Christianity. Still, some records remain of heroes
and their exploits. The Latin language, inflexible as it
may have been, was used for most common records, and
even later Christian influence couldn't entirely wipe out
the stories that came out of the empire.

THE CULT OF ITIERCURY

Perhaps of the greatest influence on modern mages
was the Cult of Mercury. Practicing a combination of
Greco-Roman philosophy and older Egyptian magic,
the Cult took Roman religion to build its icons but also
used elements from Pythagorean cults, Egyptian spiri-
tualism and even alittle pagan influence. The result: an
inclusive, widespread, hierarchical mystic organization
— the predecessor to the medieval Order of Hermes.

Of course, the foundations of the modern Order of
Hermes wouldn't come for several hundred years, but the
Cult of Mercury established many of its practices. For
starters, some members of the Cult acted publicly in matters
of state. The empire's legions were supplemented by the
Cult's magical support, often covertly. The Cult's public
organization mirrored the structure of the Roman military.
Mages accompanied legions and drew energy from the
bonds between veterans. Rome's expansion let the Cult co-
opt outside magical groups and exert political influence.
The Cult diversified its magic and its membership.

Obviously, the Cult of Mercury didn't use the same
principles as the Order of Hermes. The techniques, forms
and Spheres that the Order used hadn't yet been theo-
rized. Still, the Cult pioneered important developments
like the idea of actually sharing magical knowledge in a
unified theory. Better still, the Roman focus on language
meant that the Cult's mages had a broad base of studies
and the means to descriptively trade formulae. There's a
reason that the Order of Hermes used Latin for so long!

The Cult's magical practices clearly didn't make it
into the history books, but that doesn't mean that they
weren't influential. Cult mages learned from, countered
and absorbed ideas from the pagans of the British Isles, the
Christian mystics that later formed the Celestial Chorus,
shapeshifters in Germany and necromancers from Egypt.
Although the Cult remained suspiciously introverted, its
mages sought whatever advantage they could. Usually
that meant knowing the enemy. Actual translation and
use of other mages' practices was rare, but did happen.

The Cult excelled in formulaic styles. Since its mages
relied on preplanned ritual, linguistic legerdemain and
cooperative effort—especially in secretive cabals or at the
heads of legions — they developed techniques that relied
onextensive ritual. Spontaneous magic wasrare, only used
by the few magicians who used pagan principles.

The decline of Rome paralleled the decline of the
Cult of Mercury. The Cult espoused a loyalty to the
state religion but felt a higher calling to magic itself.
(The notion of personal advancement through magical
mastery counted, too.) As the empire's economy de-
clined, the mages gathered substantially less money and
political power; it was only natural to split up, hoard
wealth and closet away secret knowledge. The Cult
almost certainly kept various spells and Artifacts hid-
den away in places throughout Rome's old empire, all
left by mages looking out for their own welfare.

To this day some of the Cult's magic remains poorly
understood, primarily the Effects that involved many
people. Of course, modern willworkers can call upon
the belief of large groups of followers to assist the casting
of huge Effects, but the Cult's techniques allowed them
to power the spells through the very life force of the
participants. Some mages have delved into these Ef-
fects with limited success.

TRADITIONS IN THE
ITIEDITERRANEAN

As Greece's influence spread across Europe and
parts of Asia, its ways of thinking influenced the devel-
opment of mysticism in many cultures — and, thus,
became strong roots for many Traditions.

By far the most concerned with the Greek mythos,
though, is the Order of Hermes. Hermetic apprentices
routinely study the Greek pantheon and the role of
each of the gods within Olympus. the Hermetics deal
with Celestines that often appear as some sort of Greek
manifestation. The Iliad, the Odyssey, Medea and other
pieces of classical literature are part of the required
reading in the training of a Hermetic sorcerer. As a
whole, the Order of Hermes remembers classical Greece
as a sort of golden age of magic where their culture
flourished unchallenged.

Indeed, the idea of Hermes as a messenger stems
from Greek myth and passed through the Dark Ages
when the Order flourished. Greek tradition was espe-
cially emphasized by the Hermetic Solificati; the
Solificati claim a spiritual heritage from the ancient
alchemists and with the Greek natural philosophers.
It's no mistake to say that Hermetic thought bears great
debts to Greek philosophers and their ideals.

CHAPTER FOUR: Pi

Some other Traditions didn't maintain such fond
ties to Greece. The Cult of Ecstasy remembers a con-
tested Greece. Most American Ecstatics are unaware of
this history, but it is fairly universal lore among the
Ecstatics of Europe. The Bacchanae, as they were called
in those days, devoted themselves to Bacchus — a god
of wine and revelry but also prophecy. However, Greek
revelry watered down the Cult's ideals of experience.
Bacchus' cultists slowly became indulgent, frenzied
mobs instead of priests who achieved ecstatic commun-
ion, and the rites of the Bacchanae deteriorated from
tools of magic into simple indulgences. The Cult takes
this as a lesson — their early Indian roots corrupted by
Greek culture, they discovered that embracing too much
experience can be just as limiting as not enough.

Under Roman rule, many Ecstatics shifted their
reverence to the Titan Chronos, the master of time.
The philosophical basis moved away from hedonism
and became more epicurean. This is not to say that the
more traditional Bacchanae did not survive as a group,
just that they became obscure...

The Technocracy also lays claim to Greece as a
spiritual center. Iteration X recalls Greece as one of its
homelands: This was an age when innovation combined
with heroism. The Union naturally claims Daedalus as a
founding father and reveres his works in Sacred Geom-
etry as well as his legendary flight. Indeed, his very name
became synonymous with the Order of Reason during
the Renaissance, as it looked to that hero as a model of
ingenuity and also a warning against pride.

The Progenitors honor the legacy of Hippocrates,
the father of medicine whose oath is still taken to this
day by modern doctors. Some Progenitors eschew the
Hippocratic Oath because certain versions — perhaps
written with the Awakened in mind — forbid the
creation of new life. According to Progenitor records,
Hippocrates intended certain parts of the oath for less-
enlightened healers who could not understand the
subtle art of creation. Still, Hippocrates pioneered the
understanding the human body in Western thinking,
and the very concept of the physician whose elevated
role demanded rigorous ethics — another model to
which Technocrats aspire.

PYTHAGORAS: RATI@NALIST,
REV@LUTIONARY

Any educated person could understand the math-
ematics or theology of the Greeks, but it took Pythagoras
to put the two together. Pythagoras combined Greek
mathematics — including the input of numerology
from various cultures, the use of advanced engineering

ILLARS
: Hl I i


ons

7

" nae

mar,

one

;
i
as ems

- =>
1
Le wl a

WN StZ

2 ex ad

m

ar

in building ships and temples, and even the progress of
musical scales and astrology — with the legendary
tradition that emphasized gods, heroes and the super-
natural. Pythagoras expounded, refined and in some
cases created ways to comprehend math as a universal
language, to understand mystic principles and to delve
into the soul through the very concepts of infinity and
singularity. In doing so, he built yet another new way to
see, and ultimately manipulate, the Tellurian.

Pythagoras refined the works of previous pre-Socratic
scholars who sought to classify the material world. By
delving into the world's forms, these scholars hoped to
uncover universal principles—the principles of motion,
perhaps, or the beginning and ending of all formative
es. Pythagoras, though, combined his insight into
abstract classification with mystical explanations for
creation. His formidable mind conceived specific laws
about such universal processes, and he pursued his stud-
ies according to his definition of the highest principles of
humanity: philosophy, literally the love of wisdom.

Ultimately, Pythagoras founded his own school
and gave lectures about his discoveries. But with the
trappings of mysticism, Pythagorean schools became
more like cults: Student-acolytes attributed almost
divine import to Pythagoras' pronouncements. Since
Pythagoras himself did not write down most of his
teachings, the only surviving records come from sec-
ondhand reports; any number of unusual, secretive
practices could have been hidden among the otherwise
precisely scientific disciplines. Indeed, Pythagoras him-
self posited three levels to humanity: lovers of material
gain, lovers of honor and lovers of wisdom; the philoso-
phers, himself included, occupied the highest strata of
humanity, which in turn stressed greater responsibility
to his followers, who shared his love of wisdom.

Inconcrete terms, Pythagoras provided mathemati-
cal proofs to geometric problems. His understanding of
geometric figures led naturally to principles like the
correspondences of right triangles or the computation
of Pi. His equations shaped mathematics and engineer-
ing, or, in terms of the Spheres, reinforced elements of
Mind and Correspondence. His followers wrote these
thoughts down and provided the foundations for many
modern mathematical proofs.

As a mystic, though, Pythagoras' role is sketchy —
partly because esoterica is by nature secretive, and partly
because rational historians discount his mysticism while
emphasizinghisscientific work. There'snodenying, though,
that Pythagoras had a strong interest in the fantastic. He
deliberately set out to unify metaphysics with mathemat-
ics. Indeed, his theory of creation stated that everything
sprang from a unified, unlimited principle, which only

proc

98 DEAD IT1Acic

came into form when limits were set upon it. The distilla-
tion of Quintessence into a set Pattern, perhaps?

Cults that arose around Pythagoras eventually split
into two groups: those who studied his mathematics
and derived new theories from them, and those who
took his theories on the nature of reality and used them
in the Arts. Clearly, his mathematical students influ-
enced later scientific development; the mystery cults
supposedly died out, but in the World of Darkness, such
groups rarely disappear completely.

PYTHAG@REAN CULTS IN Y®UR CHRONICLE

The combination of mathematicians and cosmic
mysticism in Pythagorean cults is too good to miss!
Pythagoras somehow managed to reconcile his disparate
beliefs in a calculable geometric theory within an infinite
universe, but the later division of the Technocracy and the
Traditions shows that the two systems of thought diverged
severely. On one side, right triangles and radians; on the
other, metaphysical creation and dynamic rebirth.

Followers of Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade can
recognize Pythagorean elements among the
Craftmasons, the Order of Reason Covention that
relies on Sacred Geometry to create lasting structures
and potent wards. And Pythagorean mysticism cer-
tainly survives in the World of Darkness to the modern
day. While Pythagoras himself didn't write much
down, he had many students. The study of math went
on to be socially acceptable, while the study of mysti-
cism was ridiculed. Just the sort of thing thata Tradition
mage can identify with.

Modern Pythagorean cults aren't just confined to
Greece, though their numbers are centered there. Any
philosopher-mage might well have some Pythagorean
leanings, with beliefs in an infinite universe divisible
into limited, measurable parts. The cults are strongest in
southern Italy, where Pythagoras himself and his later
followers built their geometric sanctuaries. Protected by
potent warding shapes, the cults continue their explora-
tion of Greek philosophical concepts undisturbed.

Pythagorean mages can explain elaborate math-
ematical structures that lead to intricate descriptions of
space and matter. Such training quickly develops a
mage's understanding of Correspondence. Pythagorean
mystics believe that geometry simply indicates the
inherent properties of symbols; a properly written sym-
bol carries its own power — a notion that seeped into
the Order of Hermes long after Pythagoras' death. To
learn Pythagorean mysticism, though, which is handed
down through oral repetition, a mage has to join the
cult, possibly by making some profound connection
between mathematics and magic.


A cult of Pythagorean mages may not be an active
antagonist in a game, but it could certainly operate
behind the scenes. Imagine robed gentlemen huddled in
a cave somewhere deep beneath a modern Greek office
building, surrounded by geometric symbols, ina chamber
lit with torches burning with logos, or primal fire. Their
intuitive understanding of space allows them to reach
out and ward areas at great distances, to touch others
with their magic and to combine their efforts. Lined in a
strange sequence of poses with geometric correspon-
dence, they can provide puzzling imagery for the players.

What are their goals? Pythagorean cultists tend to
take Pythagoras' teachings at face value and pass them
down through repetition in order to achieve a deep
intellectual and subconscious understanding of geo-
metric powers. Individual cultists, however, could be
motivated by anything. Heck, you could even throw a
few intoa game and give them no real motive, just make
them do strange things and watch the players panic.
Instant story hook.

S@CRATES, PLAT®, ARISTOTLE

The most prominent philosophers of Greece were
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle —at least as far as modern
thinkers are concerned. Though other philosopher-
scientists did exist, these are the three names that
everyone remembers, and with good reason.

Socrates began life as a soldier and craftsman.
Possibly disillusioned by the Peloponnesian War, he
took to wandering the marketplaces, accosting random
merchants and passersby, asking them for simple direc-
tions and then segueing into questions about morality
and thought. Though some tales paint him as an eccen-
tricand obnoxious man, he was clearly acritical thinker.
Questions occupied his time; instead of lecturing pe-
dantically, he let people make their own conclusions,
simply by questioning assumptions. Of course, ques-
tioning natural law and theology lead to questioning
the status quo and the religion of the day. Charged with
corrupting the youth, Socrates was sentenced to death.

Plato was Socrates' student. Having watched his
mentor's death, he left Athens to avoid the hostile
attitude of the culture. Only from Plato's writings do we
get a glimpse at Socrates' philosophy. Socrates ques-
tioned morality and concepts of goodness and beauty,
but Plato worked in slightly more pragmatic terms. He
wrote The Republic, which posited a hierarchical govern-
mentof laborers, warriors and philosophers. He developed
the concept of forms, or creations of pure thought that
existed without material flaws. He also wrote dialectics,
wherein he critically examined Greece's cultural as-
sumptions through Socrates' methods of questioning.

cin

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND ROME

Plato was quite well traveled. He visited Egypt and
Sicily before returning to Athens to found his Academy.
Whether or not Plato was Awakened, his concepts shaped
fundamentals used by the Traditions — the concept of
forms and ideas expresses itself in Patterns, pure constructs
of Quintessence that lend shape to material objects.

Then came Aristotle. As a student of Plato, he
excelled in rhetoric and political theory. He taught at
Plato's Academy and then went on to travel Asia Minor,
after which he founded the Lyceum and taught biology
and botany as a contrast to Plato's mathematical and
logical sciences. He wrote physics, logic and metaphysics
texts and apparently dabbled with secret societies — a
perfect candidate for magedom if ever there was one.

So how do these three luminaries fit into your game?
Most Western philosophical thought, including magical
thought, can be traced to their writings. Mentors still
teach using the Socratic method; mages still debate the
nature of virtue, a famous inquiry of Socrates'. Plato's
definition of the world as material and ideal set the form
for Patterns and the High Umbra: Though perhaps such
constructs existed beforehand, Plato's work definitively
locked them down into the forms that mages recognize
today. Aristotle studied broadly and established many of
the branches of science and philosophy that now exist, in
effect naming and categorizing entire disciplines of
thought. Any Tradition would gladly claim these think-
ers as founders or "spiritual ancestors."

Unfortunately, many of their notes have been lost.
Plato's works cannot be conclusively verified as au-
thentic, Socrates apparently did not record his
questioning and Aristotle's original publications are
gone, referenced only through surviving lecture notes
and scribbled ideas. The lost knowledge of any of these
philosophers would be a true treasure for any mage.

GREEK ITIYTH AND LEGEND

Perhaps more than any other culture, the ancient
Greeks kept alive a tremendous body of tales, fables and
myths. With their highly literate civilization and their
theatrical traditions, the Greeks kept alive more stories
than nearly any oral culture. These tales influenced
Rome and remain well known in modern society.

Arguably the best known remnants of Greek myth
are Homer's Iliad, the tale of the Trojan War, and the
Odyssey, the story of Odysseus' ill-fated journey home
from that same war. Bits of stories and theater round
out the tales of the gods, as well as other volumes such
as the stories of Jason and the Argonauts, the tales of
Oedipus, and of course Hercules and his 12 labors. The
curious seeker of mythology should sit down and read
translations of these works.

JZE IN AS
r NTR x

Ji

ys

op sates ot

a Ne"
bi J
aN

7

nae

{

5

ZA car

mab tot

wa

Nx Sty

Ps

2

a ee

 ~ | TR ome, 8 Oh

—< i

Oh, those terms and names. The Greeks had a
great many gods and heroes, and the Romans borrowed
eavily from their overcrowded pantheon. Without
rther ado, the five-minute Greco-Roman hit list.

Achilles: A raging warrior who fights against
roy in the Iliad. Achilles is dipped ina magical spring
is birth, so his skin is rendered impervious to harm,
except for the tendon of his foot where he's held while
dunked. This is his undoing, as an arrow strikes him
in this weak point and leads to his death during the
ht against Troy.

Aphrodite (Venus): Goddess of love, romance
and beauty. A rather fickle deity, as befits her portfo-
io. Wed to Hephaestus. Aphrodite can be traced to
@ deity Astarte, who in turn may come from Istar, all
he way from Sumeria.

Apollo: A vain and beauteous sun god, patron of
Poetry and diviner of the future, Apollo has many roles.
Apollo favors music and prophecy but later shares
ose joys with Hermes. He is also seen as the patron of
terdsmen, and stories tell of him watching over cattle,
improbable a task as that may sound for a deity.

‘ DS aes a) he PRN
ia | NGC ee

-~@—--- 4 os)

Ares (Mars): God of war, storms and battle furys
Ares is a cunning tactician, but he glories in bloody)
combat. Not someone whose attention you want to
attract. He shows up personally during the Trojan Wai
and is actually knocked down by one of the heroes there}

Athena (Minerva): Goddess of
mental acuity and skill at handicraf
grown from the brow of Zeus (gods ca
thing). Athena acts as a sort of aloof patroness to many)
heroes; she gifts Theseus with a reflective shield thai
helps him slay the Gorgon Medusa. She watches overt
Jason's Argonauts, and she inspires Odysseus with the
idea for the Trojan Horse. She serves as a goddess tl
Athens (no coincidence in the names) and is credite
with creating the olive tree, which gave Athens mucl
of its economic power since olives were a lucrative
Athenian export. She also shows up to wreak somé
havoc on the field of battle during the Trojan War.

var and wisdom,

Demeter: Mother of Persephone and goddess off
growing things. Demeter was responsible for healt!
crops. When her daughter Persephone was spirited
away by Hades, her grief brings about winter.

J Za

ation. Dionysus is a two-sided deity —he represents
bliss and euphoria, and inebriated rage or lust. Often
accompanied by maenads and satyrs.
Hades (Pluto): Rulerof the Underworld. Hades kept
atch over a grim and joyless kingdom, but stole away
Persephone to bring some joy to his bleak existence.
fades guards the souls of the dead in his realm (also
talled Hades) and its pits of torture for the wicked
Tartarus).
Hephaestus: Blacksmith to the gods. Hephaestus
is credited with the creation of great weapons and
mor, including in some legends Zeus' thunderbolts.
lubfooted and lame, he is wed to Aphrodite, the
poddess of beauty, in a joining of craft and practical-
ity with femininity and love.
Hera: Wife of Zeus; plagued him and his offspring
s infidelities against her.
Herakles (Hercules): Demigod son of Zeus and
e mortal Alkmene. Possessed of phenomenal
itrength and a bit of a temper, Hercules performed 12
great labors, including slaying various beasts and
covering numerous items of power. As with all the
reek heroes, he eventually dies because of some
ather awful mistakes but later becomes a god.
Hermes (Mercury): The messenger god, Hermes
s something of a prankster. He steals various artifacts
from other gods but hischeeky humor causes them to
overlook his indulgences. As a god of prophecy, he
became a figure of signs and symbols, which in part
xplains his importance to the Order of Hermes.
Jason: Leader of the Argonauts. Jason is guided by
oracle to claim his rightful throne, but Jason's
surper has been warned of his coming and sends him
pn an impossible task — the quest for the Golden
leece. Jason gathers a host of heroes, including Her-
ules, Theseus, Orpheus and others, and sets sail in the
Argo. After many harrowing adventures (and the loss
of several crewmembers) Jason returns with the fleece,
ills the usurper, marries the princess that he met
along the way, then undercuts himself when he takes
a mistress. Did we mention that his wife is Medea, one
if the nastiest bitches ever? Bodies start dropping left
ind right until Jason goes into exile to avoid causing
nore problems. He returns to the beach where he left
Argo — and the bow of the ship breaks off and kills
im. That whole Greek tragedy thing again...
Medea: Wife of Jason and daughter of Aeetes,
the king who held the Golden Fleece. Medea is a
powerful sorceress; with her magic she makes Jason

dragon. Later, when she catches him fooling aroundg
she gives his mistress a poisoned robe as a gift, killing
her; then she burns down the palace, kills all of theif
children and shacks up with Aegeus, another Medi
terranean king. Now that's a divorce.

Odysseus (Ulysses): The hero of the Odyssey,
Odysseus is drafted into the war against Troy, and
there accomplishes many great feats, but he be
comes lost on his way home — "lost" being a majot
understatement. He spends several years traveling
around the Mediterranean ina ship, fighting man'
fantastic creatures and braving the perils of the
ocean, before he finally comes back — just in timé
to find his home full of suitors trying to cart off hig
wife and estate. An asswhipping of legendary pro;
portions proceeds from there.

Orpheus: A blessed musician and another mem!
ber of the half-divine: Orpheus has the true gift of
music; he can sway the feelings of even Hades. Hé
travels with the Argonauts and his music sees the
safely past the sirens —with the sailors concentrating
on his unearthly tones, the siren song bears no power,
Later, he gets domestic with a nymph, but in typical
fashion she gets killed. Orpheus, in a monumental
quest, passes into the realm of Hades and plays hij
music to stir the heart of the Underworld. He i
allowed to bring his bride back to the land of thé
living so long as he doesn't look back before reaching
the surface — you can guess what happens. Despon:
dent, he spends seven months in mourning before
he's torn apart by some random maenads. His head
and harp wash up on the shore of an island a little
later, but their story is pretty much over at that poi

Persephone: Daughter of Demeter; Persephont
is carried off to Hades by the deity of the samy
name. After eating of a pomegranate, she is bount
to remain in Hades for part of each year; myth tells
that her mother Demeter weeps for her during thi
time and refuses to bring growth, thus resulting i
autumn and winter.

Poseidon (Neptune): God of the sea, in coun
terpart to Zeus' dominion over the air and Hades
control of the Underworld. Poseidon is a chancy
fellow who has offspring by many giants — thesé
children become various monsters like the Krake:
He also holds a grudge: His curse sets Odysseus tt
wandering the seas for years when Odysseus blind:
one of his sons, the cyclops Polyphemus. Poseido:
does occasionally crop up sympathetically gifting)

Sh

MIR ARS

Qh

AEE /

ly
1:

Ug

a

so eal

soma +

c


- Se ae ~ me fA \ —
ma iP an a 7 2) hate a en

e
1%

J a

Naturally, Greco-Roman heroes and gods aren't
likely to show up in a game. That doesn't mean their
influence is unfelt. Remember, Avatars often carry memo-
ries from former lives. A mage could well find that he's a
reincarnation of some Greek hero — an appropriate
reason to have the Legendary Attribute Merit. Or perhaps
he is distinctly tied to some deity (see the Primal Marks
Flaw). Perhaps he simply has old memories of the travails
of some luminary. Maybe he's actually an Avatar Com-
panion to some other reincarnated hero or the chronicler

water to a young damsel in need, but more often
he causes floods or droughts. Sailors do their
best not to draw his ire. Poseidon also tends to
invent some rather cruel vendettas, as shown by
the incident of the Minotaur (see that creature's
entry later this chapter).

Theseus: Another foolish hero; Theseus ran afoul
of Medea early in his career (not a good start) but was
recognized by her consort Aegeus, his true father

Sayil

q

yy
"4 y (seems that a lot of these Greek heroes were or- of the hero's great adventures.
ky phaned). Aftera long trip slaying several robbers who Also, a mage could run into an Incarna that claims
we 2

had bizarre habits like throwing people off of cliffs or

: to be a god, or has aspects of a god, or just pretends to be
tying them to beds and stretching or chopping them

agod. For that matter, whatever happened to the Golden

Zz up, Theseus makes itto Athens, only tobe scorned for Fleece, or to the Helm of Invisibility, or to Aegis? These
ef pearing an Jonian robe and having long hair. Appar- tremendously powerful Artifacts could still be out there,
c ently the Athenians didn't like hippies. He kills waiting forsomeone to stumble across them. Then again,
4 several giants to prove his strength then sets sail to if a mage finds one, she might suddenly find herself the
J Cretetochallenge the Minotaur. With thehelpofthe J target of everybody else who wants them.
vey daughter of Minos, Crete's king, Theseus slays the

Greek and Roman theater gave us great notions of

y) } beast and finds his ey out of the maze. tragedy and heroic journeys. Though the descriptions here
Ai Despite this victory, Theseus forgets SO pUNUE, are by necessity simplified, they suffice to explain the sorts
=. q a white sail on the voyage back to Attica; ey the of epics that involved these heroes. Any such classical
BE black sail was the arranged signal for his failure, his adventure is a worthy model for a Mage story. Naturally,
a father Aegeus leaps from the cliffs, thinking that a mage probably won't be questing for the Golden Fleece,

> Theseus is dead. Worse still, Theseus abandons the

but any adventurer worth his salt (another Roman phrase,
there) appreciates the obstacles in the quest for an item of
power. It's in Greek theater that Orpheus descends into
the Underworld to bring his lost love back to life, that
Daedalus ingeniously escapes captivity in a maze of his
own design, that Oedipus kills his father and weds his
mother, that Paris steals away Helen and from which the
very term "hubris" springs. Any Greek play/story/myth can
serve as an inspiration for a Mage story.

THE DAEDALEAN LEAGUE

Most mages don't know where the Daedaleans came
from — if they've heard of them at all. The Sons of Ether
say the Daedaleans are just another school of thought in
the big Trad itself. Ask the Technocracy, and well...
good luck getting an answer. Most Masters are hesitant
toexplain the history of the Technocracy. They spillalot
of claptrap about how ancient and mystical their secret

CARE orders and cabals are but they never tell you how the mess
} eat ae ANYWAY? of the modern scientific world got started.

Here's the straight talk on that: Nobody remem-
bers. The war has been going on longer than recorded
human history. Babylonian tablets relate it, so does the
Bible, even stuff as far removed as Cherokee legends
mention this war. You can see the Tradition mages and
the Technocrats duking it out in some form as far back
as you want to go.

daughter of Minos, feeling that it is improper for
im to come back and marry the daughter of the
ing who exacted horrid tribute from his people.
Damn it all! He winds up becoming King of Attica
anyhow and gets in a few good years before some
tumult with Athens puts him on the run again and
winds up getting him killed while seeking sanctu-
ary. Somewhere in there he finds time to hang out
with Jason and the Argonauts on that whole Golden
Fleece thing. Busy man.

Zeus (Jupiter): Sky god and nominal ruler of
the gods. Zeus is portrayed as an incurable phi-
landerer, and his many peccadilloes result in
constant strife with his wife Hera (and also,
incidentally, in the births of many heroes). He
hurls lightning at those who anger him.

Sure, the Greek and Roman heroes and gods are
gone. They've passed into history along with the cul-
tures that spawned them. The Traditions, however,
point out that mages tend to be collectors of obscure
history. Mages don't just know about the mysticism of
the past, they deal with it every day.

102 Deap ITlacic


At first glance it seems that the Daedalean
version of their history is a corruption of the "facts"
in Mage: the Sorcerers Crusade. It is entirely
possible that some Initiate stumbled upon docu-
ments the Ksirafai were trying to hide shortly
before they managed to get to all of them. On the
‘other hand, there is the possibility that this is the
real truth. Why do the Craftmasons call them-
selves Daedaleans anyway?

So where did the Daedalean League come from?
Well, a long time ago someone had a fucked-up idea:
"Hey, we don't have to kill each other just because we
disagree. With magic and science we can have the best
of both worlds," or something like that. The man with
that fucked-up idea was Daedalus. He fled Greece and
all its petty conflicts. He went to Rome to change
society so that technology and magic had equal impor-
tance. To Daedalus, people — not gods — were the
center of the universe.

That's where the Daedaleans really come from:
They're the legacy of a society that tried to bring peace
to everyone, to respect everyone's beliefs. It seems like
afar-fetched "world peace through conquest and magic"
scheme, but that's why the rest of the Traditions call
them mad scientists.

After the founding of the Electrodyne Engineers,
one of its newest recruits started making forays into the
history of the Convention and the Technocracy as a
whole. What he found unsettled him. Contrary to what
he had been taught about the Technocracy — that it was
a modern organization dedicated to the betterment of
humankind — he found records of their existence that
went back all the way to the Middle Ages, and still he
could not find a beginning. He secretly founded a cabal
of Enlightened Scientists to unearth this shadow history.

Daedalue 4Jwakens
What are we? That's

Then someone caught on. Most of the records
disappeared.

When the Electrodyne Engineers threatened to
join the Traditions, the Daedalean League as a whole
pushed for independence. After the Convention left
and became a Tradition, the Daedaleans came out of
the closet, so to speak, to reveal the truth to their
brethren. Alas, without the precious evidence they
once had, their argument largely fell on deaf ears and
the small cabal could only grow through mentoring as
many Initiates as possible.

®N W/INGS @F W/7AX

In its infancy, the Technocracy referred to its mem-
bers as Daedaleans; a few oddball Sons of Ether, clinging
as they did to old terminology and practices, adopted the
term as their own long after the Technocracy gave it up.
Even for Sons of Ether, the Daedalean magic style is
strange. Most Daedalean Etherites do not see their belief
system as consisting of theories the way many Traditions
do; instead, they recognize "natural selves." Most of this
philosophy is deeply rooted in the philosophy of Aristotle;
some comes from the creations of Daedalus, and some
from discoveries popularized by various members of the
League. This mixture forms a less physical and more
experimental approach to magic and science.

But there's still the question: Who were the old
Daedaleans? Does anyone remember, and if so, how
would they react if they discovered people who call
themselves Daedaleans, many of them within the Tra-
ditions? This could be an interesting hook for characters
who want to learn the truth or Storytellers who wish to
obscure it further.

The Daedalean League isn't necessarily confined
to Greece, of course. Any Etherite could find solace in
Aristotelian and Platonic works, and make the leap to
a philosophy of logical but nonexperimental science.

eae, collees one. We are the next generation of

heroes and legende, In an age aone by, the children of the aocde walked
among men and elew the morretere that plagued ue, They abe vas

Whe Alexander and Herakle«e, Now tt te our Turvy
revealed themselves to ue #1 all their licker alory

when our forebeare
could we eee the maj~

esty which ie our destiny. Beware, epawn of the dark aode, Nketes te

are

Jatternded a ceremony today held by the Daechleare, The zeem to
put eome etock wn ritual civeration. J covttemplated powtting out To them tat

SIN LED

CRN Ns

‘3

aS

rae

oe oe 8,
ata |

Spee HT; '
sora
=o lem." *

a =

aa

eS

|

Son i-w

cided that they

tee wae perhaps not the moet ecientific way to 0 about tare but I de~
would vot get the joke. e

We etood around wn white robee before an altar where a dead calf had

been
er wtto the of the calf

a cat ree we
a Catholic Mace, Then

chanted
eda
tte fleeh. 4 wet eferrch

youve ever bee to a place were the Lill lobe of
arwrale you never forget the emell of death and etagnatt

od eu

deny if ceeme like youre submerged an the tench and you juet maht
Anan eave Ailes; LSTOEAP GLEE for cxyw

They

Ht took a day to make a decision baeed upon the civenation, The magee came.
toaconcheon and ead that I ehould not continue with wy joumey to the

former site of Cartage.

to the ritual done yest

© tome.

RemTAN ITIAGIC

Magic was just as organized and ritualistic as any-
thing Roman, but very little of it was prominent in the
culture beyond divination. Romans were particularly
concerned with fate. They divined the future by exam-
ining the entrails of a sacrificed animal (usually a bull
or a cow) — a practice known as "haruspication."

Not all Romans were so dutiful in observing these
sacred divination rites. Before one battle in the Punic
Wars, all of the sailors refused to engage in the battle
because the divination ceremony had failed. The chickens
wouldn't eat— bad luck. The flagship of each fleet carried
a dozen or so chickens deemed holy by the priesthood.
These fowl were ridiculously well cared for and lived in
golden cages where they ate only the finest of grains, but
for some reason the chickens refused to eat that day. The
frustrated captain of the ship cried out "If they won't eat
then they can drink!" and threw the chickens overboard.
Needless to say, the Romans lost the battle.

STORYTELLING W/ITH
GREECE AND Remi

Itcan be hard fora Storyteller to separate Greek and
Roman elements — they blend from so many common
traits that it's easy to mix them up. That's fine! Modern
people may have only a vague handle on Greco-Roman
myth, and the same is true for many modern mages. Since
similar elements influenced the roots of both cultures,
focus on the symbolism of those elements, in the real core
of what they represented. That shines through equally
well in the myths of both cultures.

104

DEAD ITlacic

Ileep

Exotic and erotic. Greece is unlike any other coun-
try in Europe. It has been the center of two different
empires and the home of most of the recognized ancient
scholars. It has a cultural tradition distinct from every
nation around it. In Greece, homosexuality is a matter
of course and is not mentioned even though it is widely
practiced. In Rome there is the Vatican City, the
spiritual home of the Catholic Church in all its opu-
lence and majesty alongside the ruins of the Coliseum.
And in the land where humanity's loftiest thoughts
were immortalized, three strippers have seats in the
Greek Parliament. For some reason, neither country
can escape its own sexuality. Ancient philosophers
posited universal truths based solely on thought with-
out experience or experimentation while the debauched
upper classes threw their orgies.

Of course, mages don't have to travel to Greece
and Rome just to get laid. The Greco-Roman mood
can come across through architecture, through visi-
tors who have delved into those places and even
through old memories, books or flashes of past lives.
The Craft of the Sisters of Hippolyta, in particular,
have explored their Greek roots; the Order of Hermes
also claims much that is Roman, including magical
styles and use of Latin for many major texts. The hooks
are already there, so you can integrate Greco-Roman
culture as much or as little as you like.

THE SEARCH FOR GOLD

This chronicle centers around the search for a
mysterious race of people who populated the Earth

wae Aaty/
VATCIG Eh,

‘THE PURPLE EMPIRE

Stretching back to the ancient days of the
earliest Western civilizations, the Phoenician Em-
pire predates both the Roman and Greek Empires.
With roots in modern day Lebanon, the Phoenicians
developed seafaring, trading, and colonizing. The
Greeks had to colonize less arable lands like Italy
because northern Africa and the Iberian Peninsula
had been claimed by the Phoenicians, whose influ-
ence spread throughout the Mediterranean.

Ultimately the Phoenicians ran into conflict
with the Romans over land and other disputes.
This led to the Punic Wars. "Punic" was a Latin
word meaning purple, the color associated with
the Phoenicians.

during the so-called golden age. In a Traditions game,
it's a quest to bring the golden and silver ones back to
our world to help humanity, to seek some piece of
wisdom or knowledge that only they possess, or even
just to find out whether they exist. As a Technocracy
game it could center around trying to squash belief in
the legend or destroy those who propagate it. This
should involve a certain amount of investigation and
field work in Greece itself as well as the Umbra.

SEK AND DESTREY

This Technocracy chronicle revolves around a
strike team of Technocrats whose job is to report and
destroy reality deviants in the islands of the Mediter-
ranean. This allows characters a certain amount of
free movement and independent operation com-
pared to other cells, but also means that backup is less
likely to appear (if at all). On the flip side, the
characters could be from the Traditions, probably
Verbena, and try to preserve the existence of the
monsters on the islands by concealing their location,
relocating them, or other methods — supernatural
resource destruction and ecoterrorism, perhaps. The
Technocracy wants to sterilize and control the area
and stamp out "foolish myths," while the Traditions
hope to bring a rebirth of the cultural and mystic
values of Greece and Rome. A clash is inevitable, but
the Technocracy may not have the backing for an
extended fight, while the Traditions can try to sum-
mon slumbering allies like the monsters of yore.

THE SIGIL @F SILVER

This chronicle begins when the players' characters
stumble upon an ancient Artifact (possibly an amulet
or a vase or even a tool of some sort) which the

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND ROITE

mS Be Re TS
d tt ee ei L

Technocracy is hot to get its collective hands on. Could
the Technocracy be trying to debunk some mystic
power associated with the Artifact? And who are these
"sisters" who pursue it as well?

HAVEACOW

Many cows have been disappearing from the
local barnyards. Tabloids blame everything from
UFOs to the second coming of Elvis, but it turns out
that an ally of cabal has been performing old-fash-
ioned divination, Roman style. She asks the cabal to
help her avoid any unwanted press. Since the last
thing mages want is exposure, the characters must tie
up the loose ends of their friend's haruspication
(please excuse the sickening pun). After all, if the
woman came to the characters, then anything that
can be traced to her can be traced them.

SPELLS FROIT GREECE AND Rome

The Greek and Roman philosophers gladly mixed
theology and pure thought with mundane observation.
As a result, they believed in the power of the mind to
comprehend the mysteries of the universe. They often
posited that all constructs stemmed from ideals that
only the mind could clearly and perfectly understand.
Thus, there was power in the mind's ability to learn new
forms and to examine the connections between univer-
sal ideals. Though many philosophers frowned upon
physical experimentation, their pioneering work in
mathematics and mental forms led to rigorous intellec-
tual development and to theories that could be applied
to the physical world — after all, if the physical world
was just an imperfect reflection of the mental world,
then the mind could exert power over physical forms
and understand them completely.

Later Roman magicians focused their power around
Rome's greatness, building magic by taking tiny bits of
power from the huge structures and armies of the day.
While a more limited mage had to work with the
energy available from a specific power source, a Ro-
man magician could rely on the synchronicity of
Rome's immense spread. The interlocking designs and
clear cultural affixation allowed a sort of linkage, a
Correspondence affiliation, that a mage could use —
and through that, the mage could draw potent ener-
gies by stealing justa little bit of magic froma multitude
of interconnected sources.

EPIPHANY @F THE ITIUSE
(© [TIIND, WITH © ¢¢ SPIRIT, « PRITE@R * ENTROPY)

The nine Muses, daughters of Zeus, are said to
inspire new ideas in the minds of men. This rote is a

ae "¥e > "HH t iki

2 t

Auuisie

as

&
fi
4

;
:

7
aS

Lae

mo

formalized prayer to call upon their inspiration for some
insight or new thought. The mage sacrifices to the

Muses something of value — distinctive cuisine, ex-
pensive jewelry, a magical Artifact. The Muses, in turn,
gift the mage with their insight.

System: The Storyteller can use this rote as an
excuse to give the players some information that they're
not getting from their current situation's clues. This
should not replace roleplaying, obviously, and even if
successfully cast does not have to be answered in the
way that the players necessarily desire. A Muse of
poetry could hear the prayer and inspire the character
to some great work of rhyme to bemoan his current
situation of being locked in a room, but give him no
insight as to how to escape his confines. Muses are fickle
things and most often give artistic inspiration; cryptic
clues are not guaranteed, but they are possible. The
Mind Effect opens the mage's perceptions while the
secondary Sphere looks for Patterns or literally calls to
the Muses: Prime or Entropy seeks out ebbs in the
currents of magic and probability around the mage
while Spirit actually summons a Muse.

LEGION'S LIFE (+ « « PRIME, ¢* LIFE)

Somehow, the Cult of Mercury managed to pull off
an Effect that the modern Traditions consider impos-

sible. The underlying trick hasn't been figured out, but
the rote apparently works. When the Romans put to-
gether a legion of soldiers, they formed a tightly knit
group of warriors who fought, loved and died together.
That closeness made their Patterns so tied to one another
that the legion magicians — who likewise worked in
groups — could draw from the whole of the legion for
their Effects. Somehow, the Mercuric magicians discov-
ered a way to bleed off just alittle energy from everyone in
the legion and convert it into Quintessence
thing that should be impossible, since Quintessence
freed from a Pattern normally goes straight back into the
universal pool. Sure, experienced mages could "skim off
the top," but these Roman mages drew upon great stores
of energy and used them to fuel their battlefield magics.

some-

System: This rote only works on a set of "bonded"
Life Patterns; they must be human, and there must be at
least twenty. For the purposes of this rote, "bonded"
Patterns are those that have gone through significant
shared adversity and triumph. The Roman legions prob-
ably got their strong mystic ties from their discipline,
martial experience and homosexual bonds. For every
twenty Patterns involved, the mage can eke out a single
point of Quintessence without causing any actual injury.
Successes scored on the Effect determine the maximum
amount of Quintessence a mage can harness. For a really


large army, several mages must work together. Such a
draw can only be done once per day, as Life Patterns must
have time to stabilize their Quintessential flow.

ITIAZE @F THE ITINGTAUR
(ee [TIND; OPTIONAL © ¢ ¢ * CORRESPONDENCE)

Through Sacred Geometry, early craftsmen formed
mazes that confounded an individual's sense of direction.
Daedalus in particular built for King Minos a tremendous
and nigh-inescapable maze, in which dwelt the Minotaur.
Through the confusing magics of the maze, Daedalus
insured that anyone wandering within became utterly
lost until discovered and devoured by the-Minotaur.

System: A craftsman can lay an enchantment into a
maze or complex during its construction; indeed, the
Order of Reason used such techniques in some of its early
fortresses and the New World Order almost certainly uses
avariant for its offices. Cast over an area, the enchantment
befuddles the sense of direction. Objects are arranged just
so to confuse the traveler, and the area proper is prepared
during construction so that interlopers become disori-
ented ("You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all
alike"). Laying the Effect over an area requires the use of
Mind to place a mental "fuzz" in the locale. The Storyteller
might also require Correspondence if the mage is trying to
ward areas that he hasn't personally visited, but since a
maze of this sort is typically enchanted by the mage as he
builds it, Correspondence isn't a strict requirement. (A
mage could theoretically use Correspondence to distort
space, but that's a much different proposition from distort-
ing a subject's sense of space.)

Focusing this Effect on an individual causes the
victim to doubt his path, and can even make the subject
question a map or set of explicit steps. This is not
amnesia but a subconscious loss of sense of direction
and memory: "Did we take a left or right the first time
we came through here?" Such an Effect relies solely on
playing with the victim's perceptions and thus only
requires Mind 2 (plus the appropriate Correspondence
if the mage is using the Effect from a distance).

Individuals may find their way out of the maze by
accumulating more successes on a Wits + Enigmas roll
than magical Effect successes scored by the mage who
laid the trap. Since most mazes are constructed over
years, this could take some time.

Manipulating an area to become confusing could
be anything from moving a potted plant in front of the
door to entirely rearranging the furniture and repaint-
ing the walls bright orange. Most often, this Effect can
be considered coincidental — anyone can lose her way.

TTIND @F THE ANT HILL (¢¢  ITTIND)

Based upon the tactics of the Roman phalanx, this
rote allows for subliminal group tactics. Naturally, the
New World Order developed similar group tactics, but
their roots can be traced ultimately to organized combat
as established by Rome and its predecessors.

System: For every success on the Effect roll, the
group hasa die thatany member can call upon in combat.
This die, once used (successfully or not) is exhausted
from the pool that the group can call upon. War ma-
chines can be used as foci to lower the difficulty, and if
cast as an extended rite over the course of time preparing
for the battle, the group may have a huge pool to draw
upon. A group waiting during the casting of this rote may
only prepare for the upcoming battle or engage in combat
— the rote must be used immediately beforehand. Note
that Correspondence may be necessary to spread the
coordination over an extremely large gathering.

PHL@GIST@N PHLUX (« « ITIATTER)

The ancients believed that fire was the release of
phlogiston from burning substances. As a substance
burned, it released its phlogiston, which served as a
viscous tie; when the phlogiston had all been released,
nothing remained but ash. Thus, fire was a tangible
elemental form and not a force of nature, nor was it a
release of energy any more than the other elements of
air, earth and water.

Phlogiston Phlux allows the practitioner to in-
crease or decrease the amount of phlogiston in an
object, thus causing it to burn longer or shorter depend-
ing on the mage's desire. It also allows the mage to add
phlogiston to an element, thus making fireproof objects
burn like paper. The mage can also take away phlogiston,
so that brittle wood does not even catch fire from a
burning coal. Of course, modern science "proves" that
phlogiston is not real and that fire stems from other
sources — isn't magic great?

System: Depending on the severity of the Effect,
the rote could be coincidental or vulgar. A torch
burning for an extended period can be coincidental
while causing a house to remain unscathed despite
direct application of a flamethrower is certainly vulgar.
Successes garnered on this Effect alter a subject's soak
dice against fire the mage can give or remove fire
susceptibility. Since this is a Matter Effect, it doesn't
work on living things. A mage could try to make a
version that adds phlogiston to living things, of cours
but thus far nobody has (successfully, anyway).

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Reme 107

ci ve . "HH t ik

Si DE
URN Ns

2
P


1
ae |

‘ems

ie

ra

ne

STaicist (+ ITIND, ¢ MATTER)

The Greek philosopher Zeno believed that human
beings should remain calm and free from passions so that
they could accept the unavoidable events of fate and
nature rather than struggle needlessly against them. Greek
mages such as the Pomegranate Deme looked upon this
evolution of thought with interest. Using his refined
senses to interpret and emulate the indifference of an
observed stone, the mage escapes all sense of pain, grief, joy
or pleasure. In effect, the mage invites the stone into his
mind, and becomes like a rock: implacable, unfeeling.

System: With a single success, the mage has locked
his mind away from the world and can observe it
dispassionately. If he chooses to remain stationary and
achieves more than one success, his mind becomes as a
stone. Torture becomes useless and thoughts fade away
to nothing. Alternately, with at least three successes,
the mage can act in a deliberate fashion. His thoughts
are cold and without empathy, but allow an eerily calm
continuance of motion. Some Pomegranate Deme use
this detachment to perform necessary killing unpol-
luted by personal feelings. Reading emotions from the
mage becomes impossible, as he has none. Of course,
this freedom from lesser drives is not without cost; the
mage cannot expend Willpower points for the duration
of the Stoicism Effect. All difficulties to Dodge and
social rolls are penalized by three while the rote is in use.

PROTECTION @F THE GOLDEN RACE
(eeeee SPIRIT, © PRIME)

By several accounts, the people of the golden age
are still out there protecting humanity from monsters
and unnatural things in the night. The caster calls upon
the closest member of the golden race to protect them
from an opponent. A blinding flash of golden light
appears, wounding if not killing the attacker.

System: This rote can only be used upon super-
natural entities and is always considered extremely
vulgar. What actually happens to the creature is left to
the Storyteller; the caster literally unleashes the guard-
ian power of the golden race.

Note that this rite does not actually empower the
mage — rather, it summons the golden ones them-
selves. The reactions of the golden ones are
unpredictable; as protectors of humanity, though, they
are likely to incinerate most supernatural predators —
so long as the summoning mage is not also a threat!
After all, a mage's powers can be just as dangerous to
humanity as any vampire's unnatural hungers.

Summoning the golden ones is a difficult undertak-
ing. The ancients have long since left the Realms in
which most mages operate. Calling them through the

108  DeAD ITlacic

Gauntlet and across the Umbra isa difficult task. Casting
this rote is vulgar (difficulty 10), and the Storyteller is the
inal arbiter of how many successes are necessary to
successfully call the golden ones. A mage should never be
certain of his ability to call on these saviors for interven-
tion. Note also that a mage must know about the golden
ones to be able to call them; learning this rote requires
extensive study into Greek legend and culture (best
represented by an extended Intelligence + Academics or
Investigation roll and a great deal of roleplaying).

SPONTANE®US GENERATION
(+ PRIME, WITH ¢ ee ITIATTER OR LIFE)

In olden days, philosophers believed that animals
and most matter could spontaneously generate out of
nothing. Maggots came from meat and horses sprang
from the mist of waterfalls. This rote duplicates such
spontaneous generation. The mage can't pull a gun or a
sword out of thin air, but he orshe can turn one thing into
something that it is not, even something radically differ-
ent. The mage simply reaches into an appropriate source
and the object or creature spontaneously generates.

Spontaneous generation happens only from cer-
tain sources —one can spontaneously generate maggots
from meat, mud or corpses, but not from glass or plastic.
Horses may spring from waterfalls or great blazes of fire,
but not out of wooden doorways or earthen mounds.
The player should research a few theories of spontane-
ous generation. A modern mage must certainly alter
this rote; a Virtual Adept might pull a computer chip
out of a pile of circuit boards, while an Akashic could
grab a spear from a thicket of reeds.

System: The number of successes determines the
accuracy and the quantity of material generated (three
successes might mean a newborn foal comes out of the
mist of a waterfall while ten or more might generate four
grown stallions leaping forth at full charge). A mage
must alter this rote to make it suitable for modern
materials like plastics and alloys, of course.

WINGS OF ICARUS (0 ¢ © ¢ FORCES)

This rote mimics the legendary flight of Daedalus'
doomed son Icarus. The mage straps ona pair of delicate
feathered wings held together by wax — a noticeable
prop indeed. This Effect uses the natural potency of the
wind to lift the user into the air.

System: At least three successes are necessary for
this rote to work. Otherwise, the winds in the surround-
ing area simply aren't strong enough to provide lift.
Assuming that the mage manages to catch (or create)
aconvenient wind, she can fly clumsily for the Effect's
duration. It's probably a good idea for the mage to spend


a \ SU
i
VAT

some preparation time strengthening the wings, check-

ing fora good wind and so on (thatis, using an extended

ritual). Strong winds modify the Effect: A brisk breeze

might lower the difficulty by 1, a strong tailwind by 2.

Of course, in modern times, this Effect is vulgar.
Don't botch. Icarus botched.

BEYOND DEATH

Orpheus traveled Hades to recover his bride; Achil-
les shrugged off mortal weapons; Hercules cheated
death to become a god. These heroes were simply a few
in the long line of men and women who defied their
own mortality. Stories date as far back as the Epic of
Gilgamesh and the Egyptian rites of mummification.

Egypt's obsession with death led to magic designed to
deal directly with the Underworld. Fascinated by the
prospects of the afterlife and rebirth, the Egyptians created
aSpell of Life to bring life to mortals after their time, aspell
that caused them to be forever alive but dying.

Greece and Rome's interaction with Egypt —
through Carthage, Mark Antony and later the Cru-
sades — meant that Egypt's magics inevitably seeped
into Greek culture. The influence was slight — only the
rare necromancer or demented Infernalist bartered
directly with the powers of death; Greek mystics fo-
cused more on transcendental matters. However, this
philosophical training gave the Greeks the ability to
comprehend new directions for Egyptian magic, and to
describe them in efficient terms.

The result? Though Egypt birthed many rites deal-
ingwith the dead, the Greeks and the Romans preserved
them. Modern mages still call the Egyptian gods by
their Greek names. Egyptian symbolism filtered through
the Roman Cult of Mercury before arriving in the Order
of Hermes. The Spell of Life was transformed into a
means to cheat death.

The original Egyptian Spell of Life created mum-
mies, beings who died but returned to the sunlit lands in
their own bodies. By the time fragmentary records from
the Greek Secret Writings of Cabirus filtered into the
Roman Cult of Mercury, though, the cult's priorities had
changed. The mages who became the Order of Hermes
wanted to avoid death, not to experience it again and
again. With the incredible precision they developed
through their studies of language, the Roman mages
altered the formula. This altered form inverted the Spell
of Life; instead of dying and returning, the mage hovered
forever on the cusp of death. Buried after the fall of
Rome, the spell only resurfaced later in the Middle Ages,
when wizards of the Order of Hermes sought alternate
means to prolong their lives so that they had time to
master the intricacies of their magics.

CA %
p i
aks OL ener
es ras ul

Only fragmentary information about the original
spell survived. Hermetic researchers had to piece together
the necessary components and improvise their own finish-
ing touches. Each version of the spell was unique, a means
for the individual mage to preserve his Pattern.

Naturally, the means to cheat death are not easy. The
frightful requirements of the rite put off most students,
eveninanacademic capacity. But there are alwaysacrazed
few for whom the lure of immortality is too tempting.

LICHED@ITI (eee ENTROPY, ¢¢¢ LIFE,
eoee ITATTER, #6 SPIRIT, ¢¢¢ PRIME, « ITIIND)

Nature ensures that living patterns eventually de-
grade and die. Age consumes the body, rot overtakes the
flesh and the soul moves on or fades away. And perhaps
humanity's greatest curse is the knowledge of its own
mortality. Among mages, who have some inkling of the
spiritual fates that wait beyond life, such terrors can
become obsessions. Those determined to hang around
after their mortal days seek cryptic formulae designed to
skirt nature, restore youth, halt decrepitude and cheat
death itself. Some mages end up inviting death, but on
their own terms; they use the rite of lichedom.

While the Order of Hermes commonly used potions
and rituals to prolong life (and other Traditions created
similar Effects within their own paradigms), only within
the Order did the dread of mortality and the drive to
master magic become so great that a mage risked life and
soul for a spell to ward off the reaper. The formula for
lichedom, though buried by time and suppressed as heresy,
promised a way out. Still, the offer of perpetual existence
remains a tantalizing shadow to those mages whose fear of
death, desire to finish some great deed, or drive to Master
their Art pushes them beyond rational measures.

Ironically, the formula for lichedom is marginally
easier to cast than most comparable immortality spells.
Indeed, a mage need not even be a Master to use this
magic. The temptations of the dark road, perhaps.

While some mages cheat mortality with age-defy-
ing spells, lichedom relies on a means to welcome it.
The mage surrounds himself with the trappings of his
magic and ego. Through the strength of his dedication,
he severs his Avatar from the changing, living world
about him. At the end of the rite, he kills himself and
invokes the final step, which causes his Pattern to linger
perpetually on the cusp of life and death. No longer
truly alive, yet not wholly dead, the mage lives the half-
existence of aliche. Already straddling the threshold of
death, the liche need no longer fear its ultimate demise.

The Order's records of lichedom are far from com-
plete, and many Hermetics consider lichedom an
abominable state. Thus, the rite is rarely copied or

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Reine 109

if

f

UG


he
1
Miia

]
yA
a

NZ

Vi einen)

5 irae

ak

a steal sem

—s
o]>

archived; some mages even destroy any records that
they find regarding lichedom. Chroniclers and theo-
rists of the Order might keep fragmentary ruminations
on the process, but it is certain that no whole and
complete copy exists except, perhaps, among the tomes
of a liche who still exists today.

Because Order records are so fragmentary, the rite
of lichedom is poorly understood, and the steps are
often personalized by the few mages who pursue it. The
mage starts by building a special edged or piercing
weapon (or weapons) with which he kills himself. This
weapon is made first because it accompanies the mage
through the remainder of the rite. The traditional
Hermetic paradigm prescribes that the item be made of
silver, though other materials might also function.

Once the weapon is complete, the mage must
reclaim every piece of his Avatar and sever all external
ties to it. This means that the mage must capture and
destroy every Talisman he has empowered and every
sympathetic link that he has tied to his soul. He must
even murder his own familiar, if he has one. A mage
with a fragmentary Avatar must track down and re-
claim the lost pieces; one with a phylactery must
somehow manage to keep it on his person for the
duration of the rite. Brands and damaged pieces of an
Avatar do not hinder this portion of the rite, but ifsome
piece of the whole Avatar has somehow been split from
the mage, it must be recovered.

Once the mage has severed ties to his magical self, he
must purge his Pattern of any external magic. Only his
own willpower can keep him alive beyond the shadow of
death. The mage must isolate himself, with no magic but
his own nearby — no magical items, no spells placed by
others, no intruding supernatural forces. Surrounded by
his magic, he allows it to suffuse his Pattern. Some mages
supplement this step by ingesting potions, often laced
with their own flesh and blood, thereby internalizing and
concentrating the magical energies that they carry. Other
mages focus on meditation, sensory deprivation or other
mental techniques to hone their personal energies. Fora
year and a day the mage must wait in solitude, with no
other magical spells or beings disturbing his concentra-
tion, as he steeps himself solely in his own magical will.
Most mages at this step are so obsessed with their magical
development that they spend the time to further refine
their techniques.

Cloistered away and empowered by his own spirit,
the mage finally takes the last plummet down the
precipice of mortality — he must quaff a specialized
potion, which requires components harvested from
Bygones and materials renowned for their longevity
and power (dragon's blood, demonic ichor, mercury,

110

Deap ITlacic

grave dust and other foul, rare and poisonous materi-
als). With the weapons previously created, the mage

kills himself and removes the seat of his life — this may
mean severing his arteries, piercing his chakra points,
or even stabbing his own heart. The fluid of the potion
sustains him and halts the death of his body. At this
point, if the mage's rite is successful, he becomes an
undead corpse and hovers on the boundary between life
and death. The rite cements his Avatar and soul to his
corpselike frame, while his Pattern becomes mutated
into something between Life and Matter. If he fails...
Clearly, the rite of lichedom is so dangerous that it
suits only the rare mage who's desperate enough to try it.
Worsestill, there isno concrete way for the mage toknow
whether his formula is successful or correct except to kill
himself in the attempt. No two liches have ever used the
same formula. It's possible that some steps might be
omitted, while it's almost certain that most liches have
undertaken unnecessarily terrible steps simply because
there is no way to know what the formula requires. For
someone willing to undertake this hideous transforma-
tion, nearly any abominable sacrifice seems reasonable.
Mages who lack the skill to use some of the required
magics might well seek out alternate steps to make the
rite easier. It's said that crazed wizards hoping to become
liches have slaughtered their entire families, undertaken
personal mutilations and sucked out the very souls of
other mages in order to fuel their transformations.
Once a mage has paid the terrible price and taken the
steps that cannot be undone, he becomes one of the
undead. His body no longer heals or grows, and indeed may
suffer the ravages of time, but it never dies unless slain by
magic. If the rite is not performed properly, the mage
simply dies; if it is only partially successful, the mage may
survive a short time, but decompose and die within a few
days or weeks. A successful liche can, barring excessive
Paradox or magical injury, expect to "live" forever.

System: Despite its terrible costs, lichedom is fairly
straightforward. The mage in question needs to do some
heavy research — many rolls of Intelligence + Occult
or Investigation, many visits to libraries and mentors,
and so on. Such research is best roleplayed. A mage who
openly looks into such materia
peers and the possibility of seized records, madness-
inducing tomes and righteous hunters who hope to
stamp out even the study of such abominations.

The research process is part of the rite. The mage
makes his Arete rolls based upon his research and
execution of the proper steps. If the mage has done only
sketchy research (one or two successes), he may only
get to roll one or two dice. Similarly, if he executes the
steps shoddily or imperfectly, he may suffer a difficulty

Is risks the censure of his


VATTIC ms

penalty, while extreme attention to detail may give a
bonus as described under Abilities Affecting Magic
(Mage Revised, p. 155).

The final casting of the rite occurs as the mage
prepares the potion for the infusion of lichedom. Suc-
cesses accumulate to generate the duration and degree of
success. To finish the rite, the mage must invest one
point of Quintessence for each health level that he has
and must score enough successes to perform a phenom-
enal Effect (10 or more successes). The rite is naturally
vulgar, so the base difficulty is 9. A permanent duration
is, of course, desirable, but if the mage doesn't score
enough successes, the spell may not let him exist long as
one of the undead. The mage generates successes as he
makes the elixir, drinks it and kills himself. Naturally,
wound penalties apply to the task of finishing off the
potion while the mage stabs or slashes himself to death,
so the mage is advised to also use a rite to resist pain.

The final task can be done as an extended ritual, to
the usual limits of casting time based on the mage's
Arete and Willpower. Note that the mage can only cast
the rite himself. This rite cannot be performed for
someone else. Since the mage must surround himself
with only the trappings of his own magic, the rite also
cannot be cast with the aid of any Talismans. The mage
must finish the spell using his own knowledge.

With the mage's inward concentration of personal
magic and awareness, and the use of Mind and Spirit
magic, he manages to shackle his Avatar, soul and
consciousness to his body so that they remain even as he
dies. The Life, Matter and Entropy Spheres halt his
body along the path to death and transform his Pattern
into something on the cusp between.

Various omissions or mistakes are possible, and
they can have many detrimental effects on the process.
Without Mind magic, the mage's consciousness departs
as he dies; his body becomes a shell without volition.
Without Spirit, his Avatar flees and he becomes a self-
willed but powerless walking corpse, with no magical
capabilities (and no ability to learn other supernatural
powers, since he is not truly a vampire or one of the
Risen). Without sufficient Entropy, the body's death
processes do not come under control in the transforma-
tion to Matter, and the mage becomes hideously decrepit
(losing one point from each Physical Attribute, his
Bruised health level and all Appearance).

If a mage fails to complete the rite successfully, he
simply dies, and the potion has no effect except perhaps
to make the corpse twitch, choke and burn spasmodi-
cally. If the mage botches the ritual, he manages to kill
himself, shred his Avatar (permanently destroying it,
perhaps) and generate sufficient Paradox to level his

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND R@ITE

we Ay &

2 LS SD
rN = SEs . TY

=

, " =

a eas bl uit

laboratory and bestow an Entropic Resonance on area.
The remnants of the mage's corpse may well become
Quintessence-laden chunks of Tass (though a mage
would have to eat the pieces to gain the Quintessence)
or become inhabited by something else out there.

Once a mage becomes a liche, his body stops being a
pure Life Pattern and becomes something else. Sustained
by his formidable will and magical prowess, the mage puts
off death by keeping it ina sort of holding pattern between
Life and Matter. This has several consequences:

© Once dead, the mage's body becomes cadaverous,
gaunt and slightly bluish, like one would expect of a
corpse. This raises all Appearance-related difficulties by 2.

¢ The liche does not heal naturally. Only magic
can heal his wounds. Each health level healed requires
the expenditure of a point of Quintessence, so the liche
is essentially a thaumivore.

¢ A liche cannot die from lethal damage, only
aggravated wounds — Pattern damage — can destroy
him permanently. Since the liche's body is dead, he takes
only half damage (rounded down after soak) from bash-
ing attacks, and gets a full soak roll (difficulty 6) against
lethal damage. Lethal or bashing damage may incapaci-
tate a liche and cause his body to become nonfunctional
for a time, but eventually the liche overcomes the
hindrance. Remember, wound penalties do not affect
magical casting difficulties, so the liche can easily use
Mind or Spirit magic to send his astral form to gather
Quintessence and return to heal the body.

© The liche's body may continue to decay. Many
liches use some Entropy magic to sustain them, but over
time they become unconcerned with such trivialities.
Without special preservative magic, the liche's body
rots at the speed of natural healing: After a day the liche
loses his Bruised health level; 3 days later the Hurt level
rots away and so on. This rotting is visible and causes
the mage to lose Appearance (one dot per health level)
as he decays, until the rotting is healed.

¢ Lichesare sterile, of course. Noamountof magic can
fix that problem. A liche might simulate sexuality, like a
vampire, but ultimately isa half-dead thing with other ways
to spend eternity. A liche can eat and drink, and its body
metabolizes food, but it no longer requires sustenance.

¢ Since a liche is dependent solely upon his own
magic to sustain him, the rite burns out connections
with any external magical processes. The liche cannot
have True Faith, Fae Blood or similar Merits. Any such
existing ties are destroyed. A liche can't become a
ghoul, vampire or other supernatural creature.

© Upon completing the rite, a liche gains one dot
of both Static and Entropic Resonance. Furthermore,
the liche's Resonance is disconcerting not merely to

11
. she

CEN ANY

om

£.

~

At
Se

SIN BE

VIN

J

mat
pep

mortals, but also to supernatural creatures. Vampires,
changelings, even spirits and the like all recognize the
liche as some sort of unnatural abomination. The smart
ones flee. Even other mages are affected, and have a
tendency to hunt down and destroy liches.

¢ As a static creature, the liche can never gain
additional Arete — ever. He can continue to improve
his Spheres but his enlightenment is frozen along with
his body and soul. Ascension has been traded for the
chance to exist beyond mortal limits in the quest for
magical power. A liche can suffer Gilgul; many do,
shortly before they are permanently slain. Still, the
liche has eternity in which to study, improve and
expand his knowledge of the Spheres, and he's damna-
bly hard to kill, too.

¢ Liches cannot have familiars. (You killed yours as
part of the rite, remember?) This is true even if the liche
never had one in life. The liche's unliving Pattern
cannot properly bind familiars.

© The liche rite cannot be undone with simple
countermagic. Most liches also add other protections to
prevent unweaving. Should the rite be undone, the
liche finishes the process of dying and becomes a corpse.
Thus, reversing the rite also requires some way to raise
the dead — good luck with that one.

¢ A liche can place its Avatar in a phylactery (see
the Phylactery Flaw in Mage Revised, p. 300). This is a
necessity if the liche does not have sufficient Spirit to
hold on to his Avatar and soul during the rite itself; the
liche can bind the phylactery with Spirit 3.

 Liches have a tendency toward insanity. Nobody
goes through the rite without gaining at least one
Derangement. Over time, most liches become increas-
ingly eccentric, until they find themselves completely
unable to relate to the "normal" world.

© The process of lichedom so greatly changes the
individual's Pattern that his True Name is distorted. The
subject's old True Name no longer applies. The rite warps
its name; someone familiar with the old name and the
liche formula might be able to puzzle out the corrupted
name (Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 9). There is a
True Name for "liche" but each liche also has an indi-
vidual True Name that isnecessary to affect the individual
with True Name bindings, banishments and so on.

© Liches are, of course, Paradoxical, and the rite
gives the caster permanent Paradox. The exact amount
is up to the Storyteller. Certainly ina low-fantasy game,
a liche suffers from a great deal of Paradox.

LICHE CHARACTERS

A liche is not the sort of character to run around
with a group of players' mages. The dedication required

112. D&ap TTlacic

to finish the rite is immense, and the requirements of
destruction and solitude are so severe that they disrupt
just about any group. Most every cabal has someone
with a moral objection to the rite of lichedom. And
that's discounting the fact that a mage crazed enough to
attempt the rite is probably so maladjusted that he can't
handle the company of other mages (or Sleepers) any-
how. Besides, if a mage was so hell bent on immortality
that he became a liche, what else might he consider
"reasonable" in pursuit of his own goals?

This is not to say that liches don't belong in Mage
chronicles. They make excellent antagonists — most
mages don't have as much torque as they do, plus the
typical Disciple doesn't know how to fight one. That
means legwork to dig up facts and find people knowl-
edgeable on the subject. Since liches could be considered
a political hot topic among the Traditions, one liche
could have an entire cabal of Disciples running around
ducking their heads to avoid censure while trying to get
the information necessary to take out an undead enemy
— especially if that enemy is so well hidden that the rest
of the Traditions can't be bothered to deal with it.

The liche formula is a neat aside for players' mages to
get their hands on as well. Ifa mage stumbles across a bit of
the formula, what does he do? Destroy it? Hoard it? Share
it with his (horrified) friends and companions? Use it?
Players' mages are a fractious lot; there's gotta be someone
crazy enough to pay for or use such information. For that
matter, just knowing the rite earns the character some
enemies — holier-than-thou Traditionalists, paranoid
liches who don't want the formula known (and possibly
undone), vampires who consider liches competition...

A liche might also be a patron to a cabal —one that
doesn't know or care about the liche's state. The liche's
magical resources are immense, and given time it can
probably become a true Master (at least). A would-be
liche could send mages out to destroy the Talismans
that it created and lost earlier in life. A repentant liche
might send people to find the magical knowledge to
restore its mortality (good luck). With long-term plan-
ning, a liche could develop the extreme views common
to elder vampires, Archmasters and the like; Disciples
and lesser mages become pawns in such games.

Liches are by no means common. It's probable that
there are no more than three or four in the modern
Tellurian, with only a single one even bothering to
remain on Earth. Like any potent creature, a liche is
best used as a plot device. Even the hint of a liche or its
formula can be enough to drive a story.

And, of course, this is the World of Darkness.
Those who cheat death with the curse of undeath rarely
meet pleasant ends.

4

fir Ve Cikn ‘ah ~<pah Og
1 en ke fy 7 = ae ee
Wi eal! SALLEA VATTId es
» A coe —™

BYGONES OF GREECE AND ROME

The Minotaur, harpies, Furies, Gorgons, gods, ghosts
—there'sno limit to the critters that populate Greek and
Roman myth. Such Bygones may not interfere with the
material world much, but unlike the Bygones of other
cultures, these things may well be recognized. People
today may not believe in the Minotaur, but they've heard
the legends. This, in turn, means that the Bygones of
Greece and Rome are, perhaps, closer to Earth than any
other Bygone creatures—they, at least, are remembered.

THE BACCHANAE

The worship of Bacchus wasn't all drinking and
screwing. The cult of Bacchus, called the Bacchanae,
worshipped the god in the most sacred of ceremonies
with a sacrifice of one of Bacchus' most favored animals
—a lion, a sheep, or a human being.

The followers of Bacchus — advocates of a more
intuitive philosophy of spirituality and action — were
often at odds with the more logical and conceptual
Gnostics, who vied for control of ancient Greece's
mystic societies. This struggle continued from the time
of ancient Greece until the rise of Christianity. Paul the
Apostle fused the classical Greek philosophy of Gnos-
ticism with Christianity (then a small but fanatical sect
of the Jews) to form a religion acceptable to both
Greeks and Romans. Somewhere along the way, the
intuition of Bacchus was lost and the cults suffered
persecution or conversion. However, not all the infi-
dels were accounted for and it is possible that cults of
the mad god still exist not only in Greece but anywhere
that Greek immigrants or Greek thought has spread.

Blood on the Graee

Wrenn I wae a id I watched Fattaea moe
around 9 a sorcerers outfit. There wae
even remember what it wae called — about the

= 5 = ~~

Ce 4 2X WL

Human cultists still revere Bacchus through rites of
fertility and debauchery. These people merely revel in
the god's gifts of wine and wantonness. However, from
time to time the deity's power touches a few of his
revelers and infects them with his own maddened,
frenzied passions. In olden days, Bacchus joined his
revelers personally; in the modern age, the faraway
spirit of the god is likely only to touch those rare mortals
who embody unbridled passion in the furthest wilds or
in places that rest close to the Umbra. Human followers
touched in this fashion become something else — the
Bacchanae. It is these berserk, cannibalistic beasts that
embody pure lust and desire, and these creatures are the
dangerously inhuman "cult" that might perhaps attack
an unfortunate traveler to satiate their brutal passions.

Bacchanae cultists seem much like normal people,
but their intimacy with their god drives them insane.
Bacchus transcends ecstatic revelry to become the
power of madness; Bacchanae are charged with this
energy as they copulate with and devour their victims
and one another. The threat of the Bacchanae stems
from their utter madness, their pack formations and
their insensibility to reason or pain. Some Bacchanae
might be accompanied by wild faerie creatures that are
lost in the storm of carnality and cannibalism.
Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 9, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK,
OK, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for 3 dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4

to cee Mickey Mouse nun
one piece, hh -T dont

were all these centaure and fame and they ran around drinker wine,

wae a jolly Fat mon Arunk out le marel
prt Sd read . When J wae bid J

rapes and aon of f wtto the woode to fuck, In the mite of Hie
$ trying to rie aide crow thee party
i

that the fat quy wae Santa

Yy because Chive' Wae over,
Well, J eaw a real the followers of Bacclue last night, and no matter

Y
how Aruntk Sartta wae, J do not Hank he would have

ea,

The locale told me the legend about a Bacclue cult livang 9 the woos

near their vi

lage. They warned me. that the Bacchanne, ae they are callea

Vill anyone. who svadee their wooce at right, OF course, J had to cee if tie

wae true.

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Re Ime

113

‘ "Ve

i | t it

Py t

NOC)

AERIS /

PaaS

r

Sas

AY
xs

SIN VRS
VIN

aa

7 Clee

5
¥

<i

he aa OE

-

7%

~

Nf
y
SK 4

te

3}
'
U

(Wee ae 'e

a

J wandered wtto the wooce quiet at firet and

ae poesile. au. J lit that
rection of the sound, J had balf e:
oray, and I wae vill

hola nte i a 806

a NeelS

yee" ee A ne Ww —
7 ar aon ke ‘ . ie
T teas ASS ESA

ewept ae much territory
J ehould make more noree to at-

@ wen I heard a ecream, J ruched an the

ted to eee some sort of drunken

mrted, Two youthe from the town lay en-

e act of copulation, The te fairly

1s i cle often vee the tHrrill of being 01a hautted epot to

belgitery He tell of coy,

cometan theyre not

to co,

Havang 0 buewneee 9 that particular rove J debated whether to stter~
rupt them when J felts daer. The instinct hae never failed
me a the field <0 J ri my defenses and resnforced my prayer to be
hidden from the eve of man,

Wat J eaw next wmode me. Arop my defenses in ehock, I caw
eometang J could believes a tron, of men and women whose bockee
were crieecroeced with ecare from w4 through bramble unelothed,
Their bochee were 20 mutilated that tt wae cult Fo tell how old Hoe were,
but there could be not have been any children them 4t fret Hey

ewickered to themselves ae they elowly eurromnded
masned oblivious to their mmanent peril,

tat little buzz of etatic electricity tat I always feel
mages. That meant that I pri
be able to etand up to the roup 10 matter how I confi
ome thang froze me an

the couple with a motion both brutal and eesual,

I felt the cr

when with other

back to the town to set
The Bacchame fell

couple, who re~

woent on to
eee Teak
where J wae.

upon
The Bacchame tore chunke of their fleeh in fierce bites, The
Bacchanme's lund eneke and hoote ecemed even worse than the
So eee ee but it wae woree to heten to

the chorue of elinpeng

teary, wet linen that flee mates when rent. 4et ran the i

a wave of wane came. to yy ware)
Bacclue rode a wave of boot wetead,

Bacchue from Fantasar

THE GOLDEN @NES

Within the context of Mage, the golden race could
refer to several different groups. The Order of Hermes
tends to interpret these legends as a previous race of
people who achieved Ascension as a culture. The
distinction between gold and silver possibly indicates
different paradigms. Alchemically speaking, gold is the
metal of purity and energy so some sort of purity of mind
and body might have been involved. This
the possibility of achieving Ascension as a race.

so implies

Some in the Order have a darker interpretation,
and it has become more popular since the end of the
Ascension War: There was no Ascension involved in
the passing of the golden and silver ages. These previous

114 DEAD ITlacic

the characteristic <ound of
e of jolly
now

cultures were "paradigms" from which the silver age
usurped the golden age and iron usurped silver. Some
further postulate, although always unofficially, that the
Technocracy's defeat of the Traditions promises an age
more brutal and dark than the last.

This all leads to the question: Where is the golden
race now, if they were supposed to look after the affairs of
humanity? Some believe that the Oracles (of the Umbra,
not Delphi) are the new guardians. Others believe that
the golden ones have somehow become lost or locked
away. There is even a rumor of a cabal that entered the
Deep Umbra in a quest to find these beings. Judging by
the current state of humanity, though, it seems unlikely
that these golden protectors have returned.

2 ar

Members of the golden and silver races could show
up in the spirit world as idealized beings, entities of light
or pure metal. Surely they command formidable magical
powers. Why they ever left Earth is a mystery for a troupe
to examine... a golden or silver one could also speak to
amage in an attempt to offer advice, perhaps fulfilling its
role as a guardian. Doubtless, their culture was a magical
one, so a mage could learn much from such an entity.

Treat a golden or silver one as a spirit. Since it has
transcended human understanding, only an Adept or
Master who used some real trickery has a chance to
injure or trap it. A good plot thread might center
around a wounded golden one and its need for mortal
intermediaries to stop some baleful plan on Earth, or to
fetch it the means to heal itself and stop something that
no human mage could fight.

CENTAURS

A savage race, the centaurs follow the pattern of
half-beast, half-man creatures common to Greek myth.
Centaurs are attributed to Ixion, a cunning king who
murdered Eioneus while stealing away his victim's
daughter for his wife. He was cursed with insanity,
cured by Zeus then subsequently indulged his lust for
Hera, Zeus' wife. The centaurs sprang from this union.

With the body of a horse and the torso, arms and
head of a man, a centaur can be majestic, but is more
likely terrifying. Perhaps the centaur myth simply came
from the first encounters of early cultures with men
mounted on horses — wouldn't the Technocracy like
everyone to believe that? Centaurs were said to be
arrogant and short tempered in the extreme. A few rare
exceptions did exist, but most centaurs were creatures
of the wilderness who avoided humanity.

Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -
2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Kick for 6 dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Dodge 2, Melee 3,
Survival 4

CYCL@PES

Somewhere in the Aegean Sea there is an island
where those cursed by the gods now roam. Once they were
the blacksmiths of Olympus, but now they are nothing
more than barbarians huddled around fires. The curse of
the gods prevents them from ever leaving the island andall
but the most unwary travelers from ever finding them.

Created by Uranos, the first three cyclopes were
named Brontes, Steropes and Arges, and they wielded
the powers of thunder, lightning and light, respec-
tively. Later, in the Odyssey, Odysseus meets and fights

BL@@DY BASTARDS

Some of the monsters in this section also
appear in The Bygone Bestiary or in other
source books. The descriptions here are not revi-
sions but alternatives. There could be different
species running around. the monsters could have

hanged. Besides, this is a Black Dog book where
we can show how these creatures really are. Why
these differences exist, or if they exist at all, is up
to the Storyteller.

Polyphemus, son of the god Poseidon and another
cyclops; how many more of these creatures might have
lived remains a mystery. Certainly the old ones are lost
in the mists of time, but there may well be uncharted
isles in the Mediterranean Sea where a lost sailor could
stumble across one of these formidable entities.

A cyclops grows to be about four stories tall. How-
ever, the most remarkable feature of the cyclops is the
presence of only one eye in the center of its head.
Though the cyclops has limited depth perception, it is
tremendously strong.

Polyphemus, at least, had a taste for the flesh of
men... the cyclopes are often painted as dull witted and
quick tempered, but nevertheless dangerous. It's un-
likely that cyclopes form communities, but no one
knows for sure. Still , a mage who encounters even one
certainly has a tale to tell for the rest of her days.
Strength 7+, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6+
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1, -
2, -2, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Strike for brawling damage; some cyclopes may
use huge clubs or spears, inflicting Strength + 5 damage.
Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Melee 4, Survival 3

ERINYES

Little could inspire more dread in a man than a
glimpse of one of the Erinyes — the Furies sent to
punish those who had not gained absolution from the
gods or whose crimes were so heinous that they de-
manded retribution. A trio of sisters, the Erinyes were
born of powers that came before even the Greek gods
and thus had power that even the gods could not deny.
Cloaked in black, winged, serpent-haired like the
Gorgons and carrying instruments of torture, the Erinyes
pursued men even to the gates of death to exact punish-
ment. The Erinyes are cunning, unstoppable and deadly;
they can communicate but grimly set about their cos-
mic task without negotiation. Since their tasks have

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Rome = 115

S +X
RY Os

4

"3
I
y
&

drawn them to many corners of the cosmos, they surely
know great, hidden secrets, but a Fury never divulges
such knowledge. A mage might learn much by watch-
ing how one of the Erinyes stalks and dispatches a
victim, but using one of these spirits of vengeance in
such a fashion is surely not healthy.

The Furies are appropriate as Paradox manifestations
or spirits who trouble mages in the Umbra; however, they
do not act frivolously. Most often, they come to avenge
murder, and may well kill their victim in the process. Only
the advice of the gods can allay the Furies, but even gods
cannot stop them. Fate help a mage who attracts their
baneful attention — because Heaven surely won't.
Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Willpower: 10, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Attack: The Erinyes lash out with torches, daggers,
scourges and serpents for 5 dice of lethal damage. Even
if disarmed, the Furies can always produce another
weapon from the black folds of her cloak.

Abilities: Alertness 6, Athletics 5, Awareness 6, Brawl 5,
Cosmology 5, Dodge 6, Enigmas 5, Intimidation 5,
Melee 6, Occult 5

Notes: Even if incapacitated, a Fury is not de-
feated. They cannot be killed conventionally. The
Erinyes cannot be reduced below Incapacitated and
automatically heals two levels of all kinds of damage
every turn. Thus, a Fury who is brought low simply rises
again the next turn, all the more determined to punish
her victim.

The Erinyes have an automatic five dice of
countermagic. So determined is their pursuit of ven-
geance that no magic can dissuade them from their task;
only the death of the victim, or proper penance, can
stay their hands.

G@RGONS

In legend there were three Gorgons, sisters with the
power to turn men to stone —Stheino, Eurayle and
Medusa. Half-sisters to the sirens, the Gorgons supposedly
gained their hideous appearance and petrifying powers
due to Medusa's impertinence in approaching the gods
with lust in her mind (stories conflict: She may have been
a lover to Poseidon or a priestess who defiled the temple of
Aphrodite). Regardless of origin, the Gorgons had hair of
snakes and hideous countenances. Medusa was slain by
the hero Perseus, but her sisters' fates remain unknown.

The Gorgons lived in a cave, sequestered from
humanity. None know where this cave might be today.
A mage might stumble across one of the Gorgons in the
Umbra, or in some far corner of Greece. It's possible
that the Gorgons had offspring; after all, their counte-

116 = Dean ITlacic

nances only petrified men who looked upon them;
lovers in the dark may have avoided their stony glare.
Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -1,
Incapacitated

Attack: The Gorgon's gaze petrifies an onlooker. Roll the
onlooker's Perception + Alertness (difficulty 6); asuccess-
ful roll (or botch) indicates that the target is turned to
stone! (Use a Life/Matter Effect to undo the petrification,
or you've got a new lawn statue.) At close range, a
Gorgon'ssnake-hair can bite for two dice of lethal damage,
and it is also highly poisonous (causing one level of lethal
damage per turn for the next ten turns or so).

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Occult 1

HARPIES

Half bird, half woman, these creatures were sent by
Zeus to punish those who had dishonored him and to
eat and befoul the victim's food so that he would starve
to death. Initial myths paint them as a trio of sisters
(common in Greek myth) born toa giant and anymph,
but later tales indicate that there may have been more.
Jason and the Argonauts freed Phineas from starvation
by the harpies, but the harpies themselves may have
survived the encounter.

Since the harpies are relegated to myth in the
modern world, a mage is most likely to encounter them
in the Umbra after offending the Greek gods. Harpies
might even manifest during certain Paradox backlashes.
Typically, the harpies do not attack; rather, they simply
steal or ruin their victim's food before he can eat more
than a scrap, so that the victim starves to death. Freed
from the shackles of their mythical role, though, harpies
might well attack unwary intruders in their domains.

Note that the harpies described in The Bygone
Bestiary are actually a little closer to the Erinyes in
temperament, but if you can keep your players guessing,
so much the better...

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for 5 dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4

ITIN@TAURS

A singular creature of legend, the Minotaur was
another result of hubris. King Minos of Crete prayed for
aworthy sacrifice to honor the gods, but when Poseidon
sent a white bull from the sea foam, Minos set the bull to
grazing with his herd as a trophy instead of properly
sacrificing it. Enraged at this presumption, the gods set


the bull loose, and inflicted Minos' wife with an over-
powering lust for the creature. Divine sway ensured that
the rutting resulted in an unnatural child: a man with a
bull's head. Horrified and enraged, Minos ordered the
construction of a great maze, where he imprisoned the
bastard monstrosity. From his subject kingdoms Minos
demanded a tribute of men and women and hurled them
into the maze. The sacrifices wandered haplessly through
Daedalus' Labyrinth until the Minotaur caught and ate
them. The Minotaur was finally slain by the hero Theseus.
Minos demanded sacrifices of young men and women.
for the Minotaur and for several years sent them into the
maze... perhaps the mensated its hunger while the women
sated other appetites. Generations of brutal, flesh-eating
minotaurs could well have survived in some Umbral maze.
Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2,
-2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attack: Gore for 8 dice; bite for 5 dice; a minotaur can
also use weapons.

Abilities: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Melee 3, Survival 3
SATYRS

Satyrs are a strange phenomenon in the modern
world. Most believe that satyrs faded away with the
disappearance of the Mythic Age; others believe that
they all died in a war against some great enemy. Most
Tradition mages agree that the satyrs were hunted to
extinction by the Technocracy. However, of all the
creatures that reportedly died during the Mythic Age,
there are few accounts of the re-emergence of griffins or
dragons, but there have been occasional sightings of
those with satyr blood, or possibly satyrs themselves.

Satyrs consorted with Dionysus, poured his wine and
played musical instruments (syrinx, flute and cymbals).
Mages lost in the forest might stumble across a small band
of satyrs, which could also mean that maenads are nearby.

Of course, if you use Changeling: The Dreaming,
satyrs survived by becoming part of human dreams.
Whichever version you use, satyrs are likely to be
interested in dragging mages into their carnal pleasures
and comfortable laziness. Satyrs might hold useful in-
formation or Artifacts that mages need, though. When
threatened, satyrs tend to run, and most can scamper
quite quickly; it's better to bribe or humor them instead.
Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Attack: Kick for brawling damage
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Dodge 3, Expression 4,
Performance 4

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND RemmE

SIRENS

Half-sisters of the Gorgons, the sirens were nymphs
cursed by Demeter when they failed to protect Persephone
(Demeter's daughter) from the attentions of Hades.
Thereafter, the sirens had the upper bodies of women but
the lower torsos of animals —first birds, later fish (as the
stories changed with time, or Demeter altered her curse).

XN
xs

4
Zz
p=
&

">

Haunting the waters near Sicily and Italy, the
sirens used their songs to compel sailors to run aground
on nearby islands. The unfortunates drowned in the
waters or were devoured by the sisters of the sirens upon
the islands. Orpheus managed to pass the sirens by using
his own music to keep his sailors focused, while Odysseus
heard their song but gave his men strict orders not to let
him loose from the ship's mast where he was tied.
(Odysseus' sailors stopped their ears with wax to drown
out the music; sailing in dangerous water without being
able to hear orders was quite a feat.) Once a mortal had
heard their song and passed by alive, the power of the
sirens' music was broken — or was it? The sirens threw
themselves into the deep seas, perhaps to resurface later
and continue their hypnotic song.

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Willpower: 6, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Attack: The siren's song causes insanity — use the
siren's Manipulation + Performance in a resisted roll
against a subject's Willpower. An overcome victim
tries desperately to reach the sirens, but they lead him
underwater or into the grip of other monsters. If a siren
were somehow captured, she could conceivably fight
ineffectively as an untrained human.

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Expression 4,
Performance 5

PLACES ©F EPIPHANY

Mystic places dot Greece and Rome, all significant
to human culture in some way. Unlike the primeval
lands of Africa and South America, Greece and Rome's
locales of power have been tamed by human hands, but
their magic remains strong.

Ironically, the vast wealth of Greek and Roman
literature has diluted the strength of these places.
Tourists come to see old ruins; They soak up the tourist-
bureau cultural interpretations while they relegate the
old stories to myth and legend. This disbelief, in turn,
weakens the power of these places.

' a , "iH t it

a

m7 5 sy oS

THE ®RACLE AT DELPHI

The Oracle at Delphi was perhaps Greece's most
valuable treasure. Kings came to see if they should go to
war, priests came to learn the will of their gods, and the
occasional hapless farmers who just wanted to find out
what was going on made their obligatory appearances.
All of them came to Delphi.

The Oracle was always consulted before corona-
tions, before going to war, before every major decision
made by the government. This was a fairly universal
practice across all of ancient Greece and part of the
cultural tradition that united the Greeks. The basic
» process was simple: An inquirer traveled to Delphi to
re give tribute to the monks, who then investigated the
Yate — traveler's question. A young virgin was then subjected to
sulphurous fumes, and she babbled in a matter only
comprehensible to the monks attending the girl. With

4

— Um

\
a
y

4

.\

bp AVAY)",

4
2

Of course, you may be one of those sorts who looks at

is possible angle for the Oracle at Delphi and murmurs,

‘That's absolutely stupid." Perhaps you've looked into the

myths and when you look at the rotes, you think, "Damn,

at's really demeaning to what should be a fantastic and
marvelous power."

a o
G

Ss Se
Fix 2d

=

ud
s

7

You're absolutely right.

In the context of your own Mage game, you want to
apture a specific atmosphere, flavor and mood. No two
imes are alike, and though Mage books can assume
ertain standards, they can't address specifically what

people are going to like or dislike. So come up with your
own mythology and decide how you want things to work
in your World of Darkness, as appropriate to your game.
Maybe you think the Oracle at Delphi should be
inviolate, a manifestation of some unknown principle that
channels its will through hidden followers and exists even
in the modern world, sequestered away from gawking

a Ee

ak;

tourists or overzealous mages. Or maybe the Technocracy

va id its job all too well, and the Oracle now exists only in

nd, lacking even imitators. You need a good handle on

7 Our game's thematic elements, so that you can fit in

gends where you want them. Here are a few ideas on how
uu can make your own myths:

¢ If you're running a rollicking, high-adventure Mage
hronicle, then secret conspiracies and horrid monsters
e your normal fare. Give your players puzzles with secret
ar masters, hidden cults and mooks! Mooks! Mooks!

1% * Of course, Mage chronicles can also be heavily
Ya rebral and symbolic. If you go for such scope, you want
sl myth and legend to remain unscathed — the power of their
hn archetypes is strong enough that they persist in the modern

118 DeAp ITlacic

the coming of Christianity, like so many other things, the
Oracle at Delphi was banned and supposedly lost forever.

Today, the Oracle is no longer used for prophecy.
Now it is just another landmark for tourists to add to the
list of things they've seen.

But few things can be lost forever. About one
hundred years ago, the Order of Hermes informed the
Council of Nine that it had discovered a group that
claimed to be the same order of monks that had always
attended the Oracle. Over the years they had provided
their services to a select group of Greeks whom they
deemed worthy. In order to continue their operations,
they now kidnap the virgins they use in their ceremo-
nies. Some suspected that the Order of Hermes knew all
along that this group existed, but kept the secret to
themselves. Members and associates of the Council of
Nine decried the practice as inhumane, but new prob-

TTIAKE YOUR OWN ITIYTH

day, albeit hidden from normal sight. To mages, thoug!
such events are clear as day. Maybe the Oracle really hag}
some greater power channeled through a sort of priesthood,
though the priesthood might not resemble anything out off
old Greek myth anymore; Avatars might resemble they
creatures of myth, or perhaps the players' mages embark on
a journey that's metaphorically similar to the Odyssey.

© Abandon the old themes and use strange convolu:
tions unfettered by the way that people normally connect
ideas. You can just use legends and myths as a thin veneer,
You wave your hands and let the players think that they see
something familiar, but behind the curtain lurks something
different. Perhaps the players stumble across a conspiracy
that looks like it's the remnants of the Oracle at Delphi, but!
when they really investigate, there's something totall
different at work — the Oracle cult is actually some othe
supernatural agency, or the prophecies come from a giant
computer or some equally freakish implausibility. This sets
up the players' expectations then knocks them do
confounding (and hopefully entertaining) the group.

Remember, a myth is just a starting place. It can be a
metaphorical or as literal as you want. Take an element
and nail in your favored (or hated) little corner of thé
Mage game — perhaps the Order of Hermes didn't infil4
trate the Oracle, but the Dreamspeakers did. Or the Void
Engineers — who knows what they'd do with it? Is th
facade of the myth genuine, or is it just another mask:
Maybe your Oracle began as a diviner and soothsayer,
now her cryptic pronouncements mean something else
insight into the soul of the visitor, or just random babbl
that people still foolishly try to interpret.

Make the myth your own. It's your game.


a,

"7 >

lems surfaced every day in Queen Victoria's Technoc-
racy, so the Council somehow swept the issue under the
rug indefinitely — until recently, only those mages who
asked the right questions to the right people even found
out about the Oracle.

The truth is somewhat more sinister. The original
monks of Delphi were either driven off or killed by the
Christian emperors of the Roman empire. In the 19th
century a cabal of Hermetic mages of House Fortunae
discovered writings they believed to be records of the
monks of Delphi. They decided to recreate the order
themselves and informed their superiors within the
Order of Hermes. What the Hermetic officials were not
told by the cabal, now called the Cabal of Delphi, was
the exact process by which the magic was performed.

Everyone sees the open part of the ceremony and few
question what happens behind closed doors when no one
is visiting. Supposedly, the sulphurous fumes of the spring
are infused with a rare vein of energy (or Quintessence for
those who insist on using such formalized terms). This
energy inspires the Oracle's predictions, which then can
be interpreted by the monks according to the ancient
guidelines of the language of the gods. The mystical quality
of the Oracle's cave is self-evident to Awakened visitors
who realize that they are entering a Node.

In reality, the monks involved pool their Arete and
Quintessence, using the Oracle as a conduit. The Oracle
screams because of the painful mystical energies flowing
through her. As she screams, the monks come to an
intuitive understanding of the prediction and then meet
afterward for an "interpretation" only to maintain the
facade of what they are actually doing. Virgins are required
for this ceremony so that the monks may come to a
physical union with them in order to establish a stronger
mental link. The monks sometimes rape the kidnapped
virgins to enhance their connection to the Oracle.

The current monks are actually the descendants of
the original Cabal of Delphi. They claim to recruit new
monks at birth and train them for life to be keepers of
the Oracle. Actually, new monks are born to Oracles
then raised by the group they are meant to succeed. The
presence of a pregnant Oracle would have undermined
the claim of the Oracle's virginity, which led the group
to keep multiple Oracles around so that one could
always be able to perform the ceremonial duties.

CHAPTER FOUR: PILLARS @F PHIL@S@PHY — GREECE AND Rome «119

HOC

INS /

a

i
3
A
7



THE W/ INTER YEAR

fo Ne =o] Te vieited Greece and 4frica in cearch of old Lrowlecke. I've iq
Hane Hat time hae wetemutically stamped out, I'% rough
eometimes, wn that my prececeseors and even come of
conttemporanes wi be pleased eanply to erackcate all of the
e Ive tned to gather,
In the cae of the Arctic, they've done the job well.
J euppose ite becouse colowaliem never really come to the
Arctic reaches, Exploration of the polar lance happerted only ae
an adiuinct to dick are the eearch for the fabled Nortiweet Paceage or
the drive to reach North Pole. European ideas cormuered the Amer
coe long before they epread to the froet, So, by the time that Weetern
civilization made it to the Arctic, tA gotten very, very 00a oat wipaa, out
anything that cheat fit tte Serie. Wark ek explorers had alreachy dealt
With ehamane amo the 4mencan muatives' the church and state knew
how to elwmmnate them,

CHAPTER Five: THE Ter @F THE W/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE = 121

raged | gl
Lr

WS a PN (GSE IS ae4 enti
See ON Sa BEARS

a.
SSF ize! iy =


— Fi <ae

-_ - ie == GO ee) Fe oP
Gr Deen oped | NUL CI A

wy _———~ eS —— —

OR A a ey 3
Siete, e044 ie p

= 6 a 2 a

That makes it tough. Like African lore, much of 4retic cultural bet
comes cow from word of mouth, Unike Africa, b, tHe tent lnetory trom
ten thousand yeare 0 passed lb varied stones, Hs hetory tat wae
fresatet AR ee ee 2, si #6: cater taeried Saeee
crushed that it might ae well have been millerwia,

The wu themselves eay that they've been in areas of Canada and
Newfoundland for well on to eeven thoveand years, and come archeoloaical
first met up with them they lived iin the buch hutted trapped and used
stone ove ad bows, Government] come. in, establiched borders and
furs and made tremencoue profits from the Inn's labore, Just tke the
other mative peoples of the Americas, the Imus centuries of life meant
nota, to the newcomers looking for wealth,

The may sound preachy, like one of those look~how-we~ —na-
twee epeeches, but the fact ie that the Inu and Inuit lfeetylee were run
over by colorization, The Arctic peoples got railroaded atto modern educa~
Tovnl eyeteme, wach required towre and ecloole, which in tun meant a
eettled lifestyle, For a wo centered thes livelihood and even their
epirituality around hut te wae devastatin, In juet a couple of aenera~
AT alk with the Old Man

One cant juet walk out ato the bush and expect to run into Inu buat
ere. Some do still qo out there but it ete rarer with each generation.
Beedes there's a lot of territory an tunetra' though J probably couldve
prayed for a lite audance then <et of f in the right general drection it
Woe serpler pet tolendte ane of the apverrwmert towne like the old
huetts arounde at Davie Inlet.

Tye Spt SrA 0 0. het LO caine ot
ones can oly e tales that they remember harded down from their
fathers and grandfathers, One. old mai i particular had much to eay.

With bitterness; the old man told me many tare. He told me Hat le
people carmwt hurt anymore, becouse too paces lave been taken
over by govervwrentts, Jet fly overhead for ary practice, factories
pollute the lanclecape and a. ete ewarmn about the mountanre wn eearch
of ura, ol aed ere, Marry the arwnale are gone. Even if the people
vicishedl ip cesutt Yo Weir Wn dalorsee re. they could not, The old waye
lave been macle 5

The old man telle me that the ehanare do vot practice nowackys, When
the Jeeuit] come, they metructed to gather together. The mie-
moves broke the hunttere of their ways and relocated them to
sovervonentt cetHementte to "eave the tavoges." Church organizations


Ail eo HAUSE WAS —
Le VAIN] | 7 o Nee Fe Ee Oy =)
bral Wee Atay TG

_ z\ —

hat down practices like the ehaling tert the way that Inu commune with
the epirite. They relegated moretere to euperetition <o may ot be
stalked anymore by carwibal epirite or water epirite, but now cant talk
to anwnal masters or helper epirite either, Meewnanes replaced with
rifles and cawes with bplanes, 20 that butters could depopulate entire

rannes for no reasovy without reepect, the anwmal epirite wthered,

The Inu trace much magic to hunting a lutter who treate anwnale with
re. + te favored by the anwwle and hae ac0d lute, Now, they cannot
leer Fes eestor len tle Food eo eee tee ae Meare ped nd ot
hunt, the anwnale are gone, havi been ecattered billed or forced stto
other habitat], The butters cratt hae become ory a legend,

wits aleo wander the ice, and many are vot friendly. The Inu say
Bd ah nai le a ag Soca eR wee aaa bis gree"
humane on of epiit] wicomprehensible to mortale, Inuit speak of
torah cheembocked helper epirite that eometimes manifest and heed
the wiehes of ehamane. Sciemtiete tell people Hat these are vot real,
that there are no <pirit] and that the mythe of creation are i
more than talee. Chnetianity telle them their arwnal masters are
demons and that the ehaking tent te black magic. Orly Hose who 0 far
wtto the buch and pay heed to the old waye can eafely commune ith the
eprrite, de fewer and fewer people remember these ways, more epirite
abandon humanity.

Toeant fad anrewere 1 the heated, prefabricated walle of the govern
ment communities. J have to a0 out wtto the bueh a1 the waste where the
cold te every than,

Into the Buel

HW lard to write — snk freezes uct like water and numbed faners are
not very dexterous, Channeling vet a litte heat ante the area te cf fieutt,
ad perlape the beet magic te juet to build a fire. Living Hage are warm,
Thre land te hostile to warmth.

Tve bri it come eupples but Ihave a canon + feel that they're not
apirn tobe ernigh Irwed te get tle the ra mereact fo wee Hie pee
tte, That meanre that I have to let the land in. I have to learn to eurvive with
what ehe of fers.

My parka ie mace from caribou hides I eu that I can beep it, The
eowelwes, too, are handmade. I have a kinfe and several pages of trap
1 tures, and J euppoee J can make a epear... J don't binow about a bow.

+ what ff I etarve to death here while J wart to eee eomething that may
be long qonet

Tn beau, to tank that eurvival te maqic.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE T@P @F THE \XW/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE = 123
yum "REY z yo <P! "i t


= pF me. La a. 4+ / 9 ae ee ee - in' vA _

wy rs, Se = rains ———— Pied ig yw

T ehiehtachkamukut

The Inu ay that there's a <mall land bridge to Telrehtachbarnuly
the world of epirite, They place it roughly somewhere to the southwest,
but is obvious that direction te a eubjective covicept out here. My com
pase froze and cracked I hadit thought to get one designed for Hie
eort of weather, J tank I can find the general way back but I feel loet in
Hie vaetnece....

We cid that a great whrlpool ewallowe toee who to croee the ea to
reacl Taléeldinel lossy Hert veceaiea val ee lieeapaalotocth ce) waht
be: Rese to try. Maat RHE teshen WGRUEEE ve AaB tively chin Tiwtitl
that the water can lide ice floes and reve roche, even when it looke
quet. That] what eurk the. Titanc, after all,

Thave a cenrse that the world te endese, yet it™ ony a enall pece of
to the epint world, But out here. it's all around your You find eeclided places,

with a litte shelter from the wane, and ther you look out acroee the
wite~brow plaste forever,

There are waye to Telreltachbamuky Im eure of it. But Sun vot eure J
wot to find a land more loetile than Hie.

Blood

My own food hae run out and I have reled on my notes to learn to hett
ad cook. in clamey, but a litte prayer and auidance helpe. Tay bite of
Foliage and wood con be Anied and coaxed wito a emul fire. Birce eometimnes
flock near water, and tere are fieh in the deeper lake. Tin vot used to it
-I feel but hanwer makes me contenue. I've come to terme with
eprit]e may reepect my effort, but they reman aloof. They may decide that
Tam wreaiificant and leave me to etarve even ae they rod and cay

| "That wae a respectable man,"
P ) } Darwer
Ma | Ih te eid that the meeonones bavehed them but I fought for fe

tock earet cometary that the old man ewore wae one. J thought I eaw
ie ie Today aA Seales aire abe AVE vii ook
he wae hunched ae he hele it fiqht aaret the cold. Whe I approached J eaw
; that he wae large, well over ex feet Tall but he ehort etrides and lurched
for <0 but perlape wae come other metinict. When

he firally at ne. J it that he wae ariww~ stl pds Gor dibs
lael voles Fam te ahagnasaT Ung ealellgdee reich ty late. eoved
my spear wtto lan, He bled like a human tough he ad not <mell like one.

Fett my 1 the body. It will be harder to hunt util I can make a
new one, but J binow that to eat of le flesh ie to swite atehen in,

=
5

4)
UW
al
;
fx

iat
mw
f

124 Deap ITlacic

F Dea

upp, ot

A Se (Or ms
Verity =) =

=

Cola, Cole, Col, Cole, Colel

Snow hae covered everytlans, It te 20 Wate tat J can hardy eee. Even

the paper looke bright #4 hance. The <u lives nnevery flake of eow.
abc 2s Path i

My eyubole make little cense. J met head back, Writs tokee tune, it te
eh ae he een @ watch me. and kinow
Hat my eybole are cloare to put them wito categories and ‘ap them an
deecriptionrs, I have be" aga on to, but I waete my boc warmth
with their utterance, pace te too eroue for man. I muet set back,

Thear the rattling in the treee now, There ie 0 ehalin tent left but
eometimes Carbou Master and the anwnal maetere talk to one another,
Sometimes they talk about tie wite-elined man who hae come <0 close
to their worl, I cant underetand the worde but I bow that J do not have
the shamans protection, The ehaks tent ie not around me, protectin
me, sreulating me from their world them from oure,

Hf S lose wy cence J will he, J met ao back,

ge INUIT LANDS Bea NOV i
os CG, ( Tnutt
CHUKCHI Lhe Tribes

‘ANCHORAGE

Ahina ;
Tribes Cyak fawurrenorst

Tribes
Tutchone
Tribes
BERING SEA

GULF OF ALASKA

CHAPTER FIVE: THE T@P @F THE W/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE
"REY by oF NR "Peri te. "iH t

15

ITIANY CULTURES, SITILAR R@STS

The Arctic Circle is home to many differ-
ent cultures: Inuit, Innu, Yupiak, Inupiat
and others. Despite their separation, they
share common traits. After all, when liv-
ing in perpetually frozen lands with only
simple tools, survival is the first priority,
and there are only so many ways to survive.
Since mere existence is difficult at best in
the Arctic wastes, the various peoples de-
veloped similar methods. With seven thousand years to
do so, they naturally arrived at the most efficient means
of living with their scant resources.

Arctic societies tended to be nomadic hunter-
gatherer cultures. Though the Eskimos and company
spent their lives in igloos, they relied on stone axes,
spears and knives for hunting. Seals, polar bears,

‘" BS = caribouand fish made up a diet supplemented by the
"hi occasional migratory bird and a few wild berries.
i 7 Some groups had slightly different diets — a few
=A, cults didn't eat berries, while religion forbade some
S-- = Innu from eating seal, but in general there wasn't
ea much choice. Packing fat in ice preserved it for later
Sex consumption, and hides remained good for a while.
See) = Communities survived simply on the basis of their

hunting and trapping skills and the vagaries of
animal migrations.

As for travel... when you can't herd animals or
grow crops, there's little reason for settlements, other
than to care for the sick and elderly. Many Arctic
communities moved from place to place as needed to
follow caribou herds, whale migrations or the like. No
horses, no camels, just snowshoes and sleds, with
=! ~— kayaks for the water.

The Arctic communities didn't have time for
luxuries or the population for warfare. A carefully
" * 7 .

s stitched caribou skin parka passed for finery, while the

occasional stint of cannibalism made for the most
extreme incidents of human conflict. With such val-
ues, these cultures didn't have use for things like
money or property. They had simple foods, simple
tools, simple goals and varied tales for the cold, cold
nights. This isn't to say that they were terribly primi-
tive; the harpoons used by the Inuit showed remarkable
technical innovation, the igloos used for emergencies
were incredible works of engineering with unconven-
f ~~ tional materials and the kayaks were both simple and
sturdy. These people subsisted on exactly what they
needed, but were by no means uncivilized.

. ns *

hing "@ ws
Ue

F+ir—

soit

ak

lia 126

DEAD ITlacic

Late colonialism hit the Arctic cultures hard. As
the French, English and Germans expanded into the
northern Americas, and as Russia slowly overtook the
northernmost reaches of Siberia, the inhabitants ran
afoul of the technologically advanced Europeans and
their colonial ideas. Moravian priests converted much
of the Inuit while Jesuits stamped out the shamanism
of the Innu. Stone axes and knives, while fine for
hunting seals, were no match for the rifles and metal
weapons brought by the Europeans; though warfare
was uncommon, the native people often traded for
these superior tools, in the process losing their old
skills at hunting. Settlements became the norm, with
food transported in from more fertile regions. And like
native peoples across the Americas, they suffered
condescension, confiscation of land and the diseases
brought by European travelers. By the time the West
had finished colonizing the North, the Arctic tribes
had lost seven thousand years of history.

ARCTIC ITIYTH@L@GY

The myths of the survival-oriented people of the
Arctic Circle are often simple. Their tales are plain,
with little embellishment or detail. Of course, modern
historians often lump all such tales into one group. The
tellers have a different approach — they ctassify stories
according to their origins. Innu divide tipatshimuna
from atanukana, with the former being actual history
and the latter being myths and legends. Scientists
might call them all fiction, since the tipatshimuna in-
clude stories of spirits and magic. Mages know better.

Like nearly every human culture, the Arctic na-
tives have varied creation stores. To them, it is natural
that men and animals should participate in creation,
that story and myth should be more than a literal
account. If there's truth, it's a truth that is not obscured
by any strict adherence to logic or necessity. They are
simply tales to answer questions. When a curious mind
looks for answers, each tale offers a truth, though not
necessarily an objective one.

In the Inuit tale of creation, Tulugaak (a beak-
headed man) accidentally creates the world as a child;
as land rises up from the ocean, Tulugaak stabs it into
place. Though only Tulugaak and his father and mother
inhabit the first bit of land, the world spreads from there
as mankind propagates. From there Tulugaak, bored,
pierces an animal bladder with his beak one day while
his father is out; light pours out and his father, upon


returning, is forced to bring the bag outside so that it
doesn't fill their hut with light. Even so, the sun and
moon don't come until later: A girl k
boy at a dance, only to later discover that it's her
brother. Out of embarrassment, she grabs a torch and
flees, while he chases after her. They run so fast that
they fly into the sky and become the sun and moon,
always chasing one another, with the soot on the boy's

s a sooty-faced

face concealing the moon's features. The moon's phases
come from the boy's absent-mindedness as he forgets to
eat and grows thinner and thinner, finally disappearing
for days while he eats at last.

Inuit and Innu myths may seem simplistic, but they
explain their world to the satisfaction of a people who
had no need or desire to delve into science, philosophy
and religion. They are matter-of-fact answers for a
harsh world.

THE POWER
THE ANITIAL STERS

Magic, to the Innu and their contemporaries,
seems divided into three sorts: spirit magic, where a
shaman talks to the mishtapeu and the animal mas-
ters; hunting magic, by which a hunter gains good
prey (or is cursed with bad luck) for his observance of

CHAPTER FIVE: THE T@P @F THE \X/@RLD — THE ARCTIC

ey |

simple hunting rites; and charm magic, by which a
hunter protects himself through the use of special
charms, bags and jewels.

Kamantushit perform spirit magic, often through
the office of the shaking tent. Once the shaking tent
was a common sight in the bush. A conical teepeelike
construction, the shaking tent provided a place for the
shaman to speak with the spirits by isolating himself
from the rest of the world. The kamantushit went into
the tent and called for the intervention of the animal
masters. However, the spirits are strange and danger-
ous, so the kamantushit must rely upon the assistance
of a mishtapeu helper spirit to translate. Using the
shaking tent is a dangerous practice: If the spirit
becomes displeased with the shaman or escapes the
tent, it can wreak havoc across the material world.
Thus, the shaman must be cautious with the spirit and
not overreach his capabilities by calling on beings too
powerful for him to handle.

Normal hunters also use magic, but not through the
intervention of spells and spirits. Rather, the animal
masters are said to oversee their charges, and a hunter
who treats them with respect can garner the favor of the
masters. Hunters therefore use many special routines in
their trapping. The hunter must be humble when speak-

i

ar
a

|

i
f
[
}


Sites

v,
er

of the cultural icons bear similar roots.
Anikunapeu: Toadman, the spirit of Toad.

his having soot on his face.

Inua: The spirits present in all things.
Kamantushit: An Innu shaman.

Malina: The Inuit girl who became the sun.
Makusham: A feast of many Innu families.
Manitushiun: Magic.

are good, some are evil.
Mupimanu: A drum dance held at a makusham.
Nimushum: Grandfather.
Nukum: Grandmother.

Uanaikan: A wooden deadfall trap for hunting.

ing to the animals and thankful for the flesh. He must
check traps often to ensure that an animal's sacrifice
was not in vain. Those who hunt merely for pleasure,
not for survival, or who allow scavengers to eat from the
traps where animals give up their lives for men, show
disrespect and thus gain the disfavor of the animal
masters. The hunter's success depends as much upon
observance of ritual as it does upon his skill.

Many Inuit and related cultures also use charms of
various sorts: fishermen, hunters and gatherers carry

Most of the specialized words in this chapter come from Inuit and Innu lore, but there are a few terms hei
and there from other cultures. A certain amount of cross-pollination happened among Arctic groups, so man)

Anningan: The Inuit boy who became the moon. The dirty, pocked facade of the moon is attributed to

Ashkui: A large area of open water like a lake or the ocean, important for fishing and hunting birds.

Kakushapatak: A Innu shaman who uses a shaking tent to communicate with various spirits.
Kuekuatsheu: Wolverine, said in some Innu myths to be the creator of the world.

Matshishkapeu: Fart Man — the Innu spirit of flatulence.
Mishtapeu: Giant spirit entities that live in a separate realm but sometimes commune with humans. So

Nutshamet: The countryside. The tundra and hunting lands.
Papakashtshihku: Master of caribou, thought to be one of the most powerful animal masters.

Tupilak: Inuit term for spirits like the mishtapeu of Innu tales; also a term for a figurine used to delivel
the anger of the caster with the help of the spirit inhabiting the object.

Tulugaak: Inuit name for Raven, a beak-faced man who figures prominently in myth.
Tshishtashkamuku: A hostile world where the mishtapeu reside, along with giant animals and monsters

bags or furs for good luck. Inuit fishermen attach a small
charm bag of skins to their canoes to divert the atten-
tion of hostile spirits, while the forbidding tupilak
figurines threaten sickness and death for their creator's
targets. Figurines and furs could be used to create
animals or borrow their shapes.

Note that these magics were not restricted to sha-
mans. Anyone could invoke these powers, inherent as
they were to natural things.


— >

ST@®RYTELLING IN THE

CTIC CIRCLE

The nutshamet seems like a dead land:
icy, barren, with only a few hardy hunt-
ers and scattered grasses braving the cold.
gp, However, that very separation from the
al familiar civilized world works ina mage's

7) favor. The Gauntlet is often surprisingly
weak out in the frozen bush where one
#1 can't see houses or cars. Sites where
spirits dwell and animals run abound
with the energy of life, more so than the dead shells
of war zones or city ruins.

Obviously, the first concern in Arctic climes is
survival. Few people remember the ways to hunt for
game, to make warm clothes from furs, to trap martens
and foxes, to dig sheltered huts that keep in warmth for
the long nights. Increasing modernization has sup-
pressed these practices, as nations prospect for oil or
minerals, lease out land for military exercises and exter-
minate native animals.

Mages who show up in the Arctic probably have
good means for survival on hand, with their cars,
synthetic clothes, and magic. However, those who
want to contact the old spirits, awaken lost magic or
hunt for places of power need to go into the bush. That
means leaving many trappings behind and facing the
Arctic winter with only wits, simple tools anda little bit
of judicious magic.

Storytellers who want to play up the barrenness
of the Arctic should emphasize the harsh cold, the
lack of amenities and the sudden hostility of nature.
This means more than just cold toilet seats: Mages
risk freezing or starving to death, going insane from
snow blindness or monotony (especially those mod-
ern types like Virtual Adepts). Even simple Forces
Effects have trouble overcoming this much inertia.
A mage needs more than one success to keep herself
comfortably warm!

For Storytellers more interested in the sublime,
mages can get around the dangers of the Arctic with a
little effort. Being largely barren areas that people don't
inhabit or systematically explore, large swaths of the
Arctic are connected to the Umbra. Indeed, the Innu
speak of walking straight across a land bridge into the
spirit world. Of course, they don't recommend it — the
things there sometimes kill humans — but it's at least
theoretically possible. Once a mage is dropped into the
middle of a snowy waste with nothing but scattered
scrub and the occasional bird or fox, her mindset must

change to accommodate this new world. Once that
happens, the mage is seeing reality through a different
lens, which in turn opens the door to new magic.

Of course, it can be simpler just to toss in a little
magic in an ongoing chronicle. The Dreamspeakers in
particular have an understanding of and appreciation
for the Arctic mysteries. Most of the surviving rituals
rely on hunting or spirit magic, but a clever and
innovative mage can find ways to adapt them to
modern life. After all, if a figurine protects you from
malign influence, then does it matter if you carry it or
put it on your apartment's windowsill? If eating a
certain food brings luck, then what stops you from
having it for dinner if you can get it at a specialty
supermarket or through the mail?

Storytellers might try any of the following story
hooks:

AXTSHEN REBORN?

According to legend, the atshen cannibals disap-
peared after the arrival of the Jesuits among the Innu.
Where did they go? Perhaps they've migrated to other
climes. Maybe the atshen have discovered that they
like warmer lands with more plentiful food. What if a
cult deliberately hopes to bring back atshen in an
attempt to direct them against their enemies — or
even turns captives into atshen by forcing them to eat
of human flesh? The players' mages need to scramble
to do the research necessary to find out what atshen
are, how to stop them, and perhaps even how to
change someone back.

SHAKING TENT REVIVAL

The shaking tent has not been seen for some time
in Innu lands. However, many elders have discussed the
possibility of holding a shaking tent once more, espe-
cially as more and more disaffected natives look for a
return to their old culture. However, under the consen-
sus of the modern world, the shaking tent has power
only if a mage oversees communion with the spirits.
The elders may know the ways, but they need someone
with power, someone who is known to the spirit world.
They approach one of the characters for aid in talking
with the spirits. The elders want to know how they can
return to the old ways and throw off the yoke of modern
governments that have carved up their homelands. The
characters may get dragged into politics or even into
the Arctic Umbra.

CHAPTER FIVE; THE T@P @F THE \W/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE 129

V
fy

e P oan so
Jim oo

ae al |
Slee ee le


LUN OE reese New 23S

—————

TUPILAK UNBOUND

A rival mage has unleashed a tupilak on the
players' characters or on one of their allies or family
members. This works especially well if it hits a mortal
relative or friend who doesn't have Arete and thus
can't defend herself as easily. The power of the tupilak
is slowly killing the victim, and the mages must find
out how to stop it. To do that, they need to know how

it works. Then, they have to discover who sent it, lest
another one follow.

FROZEN ITIAGIC

Like other forms of iconic magic, the spells of Innu,
Inuit and similar peoples often blur the lines between
object and caster. Though kamantushit commune di-
rectly with spirits and perform blessings, there are many
minor charms that can be enacted by hunters or that
come by eating lucky foods and adhering to certain
practices. Thus, there is a wide practice of rituals that
has slowly died out as Technocrats "educate" people
into disbelieving their efficacy, but a few talented
mages can still perform such magics. The same holds
true for objects of power: Though not as common as
they once were, dedicated mages can still create such
things, and some objects have power all their own
which did not come from man. The animistic roots of
this tradition honor the spirits of all things — the Inua,
as the Inuit call them. Thus, objects, people, the land
itself all have power, in addition to the potent spirits
that live outside them.

ATITSIAK (#0 ¢ LIFE, ¢¢ © SPIRIT)
Before Christianity replaced many Inuit practices,
children were commonly named after the most recently

%

v Ppa cod OSS
a | Tle Te

L
{at

aah

deceased person in the community. The child was
thought to inherit characteristics from that namesake,
or atitsiak.

zi
="
ld sone!

pon")

System: The atitsiak ritual lets an individual take
on the characteristics of one of the deceased. Cast on
young children, the ritual may cause the child to grow
up with better abilities or talents like those of its
namesake. Scoring several successes on this rite might
ensure that the child develops the positive characteris-
tics of the decedent.

Also, a mage can briefly adopt the name of a dead
person by means of this ritual. This version is a recent
Tradition adaptation. The mage
to channel into himself the phy
a deceased person whose name he knows. The Life
magic augments natural capabilities while the Spirit
magic draws on the spiritual remnants of the deceased
for power and a Pattern.

successes allow him

cal characteristics of


Note that the name borrowed from a deceased
person by means of this ritual must come from someone
truly dead —a name cannot be borrowed from a ghost
or vampire.

Of course, the atitsiak ritual doesn't allow a mage
to easily borrow a subject's phenomenal prowess with
just asimple success or two. A good rule of thumb is that
each dot gained requires one success on the Effect.
Additional successes are allocated to duration. An
Effect of this sort can't be made permanent, but it can
be useful as a tendency — that is, if a child is given the
atitsiak of someone very strong, then the child may also
grow up to become strong. This is a good justification
for a character to improve with experience points.

C@NFUSING APISHTISS
(ee FORCES OR © ITIIND)

Innu hunters often favored the flesh of the brant, a
migratory goose, which they called apishtiss. Unfortu-
nately, the brant no longer fly over the Innu homes, but
people still tell of the magic. Entire villages of Innu
once shouted as the geese passed overhead, and thereby
confused the birds and caused them to fall from the sky.
Hunters gathered them up for later feasting. Often, a
good harvest of apishtiss was call for a makusham, or
large feast, and many groups met to share the goose's
flavorful meat.

Confusing Apishtiss allows a shaman to tremen-
dously magnify his shouts at a target, thus disorienting the
enemy. The mage jumps up and down, hollers and slaps his
hands together to make as much noise as possible.

System: Successes on this Effect disorient an en-
emy, causing him to suffer from distractions, raising all
his difficulties for the duration of the Effect by up to 3.
If the mage scores more successes than the target's
Willpower, then the subject is actually stunned and
unable to act for a full turn.

ITIUKASHUAN
(ee LIFE: OPTIONAL © SPIRIT)

According to legend, Caribou Master was once a
human, but he lived so long with the caribou that he
became like one of them. He ruled over them and
allowed people to hunt caribou without fear of reprisals
from the spirit world. The caribou were important not
only to food and clothing, but to medicine as well.
Caribou Master made sure that there were herds for the
people to hunt, and that they used the caribou's many
parts. Caribou marrow is seen by the Innu as having
healing power. Combined with the intervention of
Caribou Master or a shaman's helper, the marrow can
halt the onset of death or disease and heal grave

wounds. A feast of marrow, or mukashuan, soothes both
injury and depression.

System: Successes on this Effect heal the subject.
Like many other coincidental healing Effects, this
speeds the rate of the subject's healing instead of mi-
raculously curing all wounds and symptoms at once.
With the aid of Spirit, a helper spirit can be induced to
help, or Caribou Master himself may intervene — this
vulgar form of the rote heals instantly.

@AYAQ'S FisH(e ee LIFE, ¢#¢ IMATTER)

The hero Qayag is a staple of many Inuit legends.
In one legend, Qayaq seeks to cross the sea so that he
can be reunited with his family. A friendly spirit creates
a magical giant fish out of wood, which Qayaq rides
across the waves.

System: The mage carves an animal out of pieces of
wood and puts them together. Through the enchant-
ment, the animal comes to life and becomes real, at
least for a small time. Successes on the Effect determine
how long it lasts and how large an animal the mage can
create. Obviously, this Effect is highly vulgar.

SEDNA'S BLESSING
(© CORRESPONDENCE, ¢  ITIIND)

Once a vain mortal woman, Sedna was given in
marriage to a lone hunter because her family could
not afford to feed her. Much to her dismay, her new
husband turned out to be Tulugaak in disguise; Sedna
shouted for her father to rescue her but in the process
fell into the icy sea. The Inuit attribute seals and
whales to her creation and say that she lies at the
bottom of the ocean.

Inuit shamans dive into the sea to comb Sedna's
hair — to wade through the brambles and kelp of the
ocean — in order to soothe her vanity and give her
company. In return, Sedna sends her creations to the
supplicant. Then the shaman and his friends can hunt
seals and whales for survival, with her blessing.

Modern mages have naturally found many uses for
this simple summoning: A few tweaks can let it call
other sorts of animals, and most mages capable of this
spell can also soothe the creatures and perhaps rely
upon them as allies, not simply as food.

System: With enough successes, the Correspon-
dence of this Effect allows the mage to send his
calming impulses over a wide area,. Mind magic calls
to the animals — seals and whales, in Inuit magic, but
possibly others for a modern magician who alters the
Effect. Successes are used primarily to expand the
affected area, since the caster usually only needs to call
one or two animals.

CHAPTER FIVE: THE T@P @F THE \W/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE = 131

= 7 ~ a) 1

i > "Hy t ik

ant <

iN

Vg

Nees]

mee

Aas


— Far Tae

a Fs

SHAKING TENT (¢ ee SPIRIT)

The dangerous communion ritual of the Innu,
Shaking Tent is a spectacular display of spirit commu-
nication. The shaman enters the cylindrical tent and
calls to the spirits through his mishtapeu. Because the
spirits live in tshishtashkamuku, it is not always safe for
them to come here; indeed, giants and spirits in that
land are said to have slain and driven out humans from
those places. The animal spirits often come and com-
municate by knocking, rattling and making other such
sounds, which the mishtapeu interprets for the shaman.
In return, the shaman sings to the spirits, and the
mishtapeu interprets the song for the spirit. People
outside the tent can sometimes hear the wailing and
rattling, but they never understand it.

Spirits called by Shaking Tent negotiate with the
shaman, who may try to garner information from them or
persuade them to help in some task. There is always the
risk that a spirit will exert its power to punish the shaman
or decide to play a little trick on the hapless mortal. For
some potent spirits, a little trick may mean dragging the
shaman off to tshishtashkamuku, flaying his skin off or
telling him secrets that leave him a gibbering fool.

Once in the tent, a shaman opens himself to com-
munion with the spirits by drumming and singing. Instead
of letting the spirit possess him, he calls the spirit into the
tent itself. Often, the spirit does not waste its power to
materialize, but simply makes its presence known by
manipulating objects and rattling the tent. The shaman
speaks witha lesser helpful spirit to intercede. The longer
the shaman drums and sings, the more powerful a spirit
he can summon; but this also increases the risk that a
dangerous spirit will decide to play with him.

It is dangerous in the extreme to open the tent
during the ritual, as the spirit may escape to wreak
havoc across the living lands.

System: Successes generated for this ritual are
used as for Call Spirit, as described in Mage Revised
(p. 187). However, instead of directly calling a greater
spirit, the shaman calls a mishtapeu and asks it to
intercede on his behalf.

SHISHIPAT'S FAV@R(¢ LIFE)

At a makusham, after successful hunt, an elder
brought a container of stored caribou fat and rubbed it
into the meat of the shishipat. Hunters ate as much of the
fat-covered boiled waterfowl as they could, and the
hunter who ate the most had good luck hunting in the
following season.

System: A mage calls upon Shishipat's Favor
through the old tradition: A feast of boiled goose with

132 + Deap ITlacic

caribou fat. The subject of the magic must actually eat
the goose. This rote is a form of hunting magic, in which
the subject draws favor by properly respecting the value
of the goose. Done correctly, this Effect helps in later
hunting: The rote allows the mage to gain bonuses to
Survival and Athletics rolls, as per Magic Enhancing
Abilities (Mage Revised, p. 155), and is almost guaran-
teed a successful hunt when stalking game. The hunter
seems to know where to go to find the animals, and
easily tracks and traps them. Modern mages have modi-
fied the rote a little — the key is to draw on the favor
of the hunted subject in some fashion. Animal spirits of
various kinds can be appeased through the song and
dance accompanying a proper feast, where the animal
is given appropriate station. Hunting people is a little
tougher, and might require cannibalism....

SING TO THE \X/HALES (¢  ITTIND)

Through ululating songs, some Inuit fishermen
sang to the whales to draw them near. Arctic peoples
used the whales for blubber, meat, oil and other sundry
necessities. Through various ascetic practices, the fish-
ermen lent power to the shaman's torngak (another type
of helper spirit), which in turn gave him the power to
draw the whales closer.

System: The caster of this ritual must observe one
sort of taboo for at least a week, as must anyone who
assists in the casting — to the Inuit fisher cults, com-
mon taboos were no use of fire, no sewing or no eating
berries. Modern mages might make similarly harsh
taboos, such as abstaining from the use of electricity.
With ululating chants, perhaps something resembling
whale songs, the mage draws them closer; similar ani-
mal noises might draw forth other creatures as well. The
successes generated give the animals an impulse to
approach the caster.

TULUGAAK'S HARP@ON
(eee FORCES, ee ITATTER, ¢© PRIME)

One Inuit legend tells of how the waters of a great
flood threatened to cover everything. Though many
people tried to stop the flood, none could succeed.
Tulugaak, unsure of his skills, nevertheless hurled his
harpoon at a mound of soil, which exploded outward to
push away the

System: The mage hurls an object — traditionally
a harpoon —at a target, which strikes with great force
and causes the object to explode outward. The magic
causes the fragments to multiply and scatter over a wide
area. The successes on this Effect can be used both to
create the force with which the object explodes and to
multiply its size as it covers the area.

water.


= aS Ossi
. FAT CIC ie

2A | i

ICE STALKERS

Arctic tales are not always terribly descriptive
about hostile creatures, which ironically makes them
all the more terrifying. Inuit and Innu tales mention
monsters and spirits that can break through sheet ice,
flow through rock, hurl debris at people and their tents,
orevenstalk humansas prey. Even the normal creatures
of the Arctic are dangerous to the unwary: Seals pack a
lot of weight and polar bears have been known to
deliberately hunt humans. This is not a place to be
caught without a weapon and knowledge of the terrain.

AWNIKUNAPEU

One Innu legend relates how Toadman hibernated
in the muddy banks of a river, but awakened to grab a
passing village girl as a wife. A misshapen toad-man
hybrid, he was not actively hostile, but he certainly
knew what he wanted. A villager who struck at
Anikunapeu's arm was startled to see that the wounds
healed so quickly that the blows had no effect. Toadman
finally took his new wife down into the mud below the
river, but the Innu had a practice of taking multiple
wives and Anikunapeu might well have done the same.
What if he had children?
Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Willpower: 7, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Attack: Anikunapeu grapples opponents if pressed, but
is more likely to retreat into the mud.
Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Survival 3
Notes: Anikunapeu automatically regenerates one
health level per turn.

ATSHEN

Cannibals sometimes stalked the tundra, and since
they were as cunning as any other person, they could be
quite dangerous. Those who indulged in cannibalism
were said to be tainted by the eating of human flesh.
Those who indulged in too much cannibalism became
atshen: giant, hungry monsters who could feed only on
human flesh. atshen were larger than other people,
fierce and strong. Anatshen also had no lips anda patch
of hair over the heart. In theory, an atshen could
masquerade as a large human with a hooded parka, but
in general they were not believed to be cunning enough
— shamans sometimes tricked atshen into running in
circles or falling into traps.

The atshen disappeared after the coming of Chris-
tian missionaries, but then, the Inuit and Innu people
abandoned the wilderness and settled into government

CHAPTER FIVE; THE TOP @F THE \X/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE

I oe ce ts rie rhs rd f

i
—ms

i
|

Vil demon

housing. Today, atshen could very well remain in some
far corners of the tundra.

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Attack: Atshen can brawl as normal, or bite for Strength
+ 1 damage if it grabs an opponent.

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Survival 4

ITIATSHISHKAPEU

The "Fart Man" of Innu myth, Matshishkapeu is
the most powerful of spirits, which he proved after a
legendary argument with Caribou Master. The great
spirit didn't want to give him any food, so Matshishkapeu
cursed him with constipation. Since the caribou were
essential to Innu survival, any spirit that could wreak
such havoc on Caribou Master had to be potent!

Matshishkapeu figures in various bits of humor, of
course. When you survive mostly on greasy meat and
stored fat, flatulence becomes a way of life...

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power special

Charms: Matshishkapeu, like many of the master
spirits, cannot materialize but can otherwise perform
a great many tricks at the Storyteller's discretion.
Instead of assigning him a static list of Charms and
Power, it's best to assume that he can perform all
manner of tricks. These days, he generally can't do
much to people on the material side of the Gauntlet
other than cause gas, but his tricky nature means that
he knows much and might help a shaman convince
another spirit to assist in some task.

ITIsHTAPEU

The mishtapeu are helpful spirits that exist in
tshishtashkamuku, the spirit world. They intercede to
help shamans and sometimes to answer questions, and
also to translate between the animal masters and hu-
mans. Mishtapeu come in a variety of shapes, often
larger than humans. They eat the blood-rich organs of
prey and nothing else.

Mishtapeu can be benevolent or hostile. Some-
times they fight against one another — a shaman
protected by one has a potent defense against hostile or
mischievous spirits.

Rage 4-7, Gnosis 4-7, Willpower 4-7, Power 10-30

Charms: A given mishtapeu could have any num-
ber of powers. Most often, they can translate for other
spirits, walk through tshishtashkamuku, divine the
future and sometimes inflict disease or death on the
living. The Storyteller should assign powers as needed.

134 Deap ITlacic

KAJUTAIUK

A small nomadic group once left an encampment
behind. When the people of that camp moved to anew
one, they inadvertently unearthed a potent demon
while searching for food.

Kajutaijuk is a female spirit taking the form of a
giant head with two legs with three-toed feet. Pictured
with breasts on her face and genitalia on her chin, this
spirit is, like so many creatures of the spirit world,
hostile to humanity. How she managed to get a physical
form in the material world nobody knows, but she
crushes people, destroys homes and devours food sup-
plies out of malice as much as animal rage. Kajutaijuk
does not speak but sometimes makes eerie noises. Her
footsteps echo across the tundra.

Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2,
-2, -2, -5, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Trample for 8 dice; bite for 6 dice. Kajutaijuk
sometimes swallows unlucky opponents whole.
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3

\WENTSHUKUITISHITEU

Water spirits are a constant danger to Arctic hunt-
ers. The sea is choppy, icy and risky enough on its own.
But hunters who aren't careful also risk the wrath of.
invisible spirits that live on the other side of the barrier
between air and water. These spirits have been said to
toss rocks, capsize boats and scare away fish.

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Tracking

SN@W CHARITIS

(N@Ge TieD (I-PT, CHARI)

A "house of the sprits" works much like a medi-
cine pouch. It's a simple charm: a bit of seal fur
encased in blubber. Like other charms of this sort,
the i‘noGo Tied brings luck to the holder, but gets
rather worn with time.

Much like a Traveler's Charm (p. 32), the i‘noGo
Tied offers the holder's player the chance to reroll any
three dice rolls for tasks other than magic.

TUPILAK (4-PT. ARTIFACT)

When a magician desires to kill someone, the
tupilak serves as a focus for that emotion — and may,
indeed, carry out the murder. A tupilak typically looks
like a small carved figurine with a monstrous face and
stunted limbs sculpted against the body. Tourists con-
sider them simply grotesque little statues, but a mage


VATS >

BAS

——— >

can activate the tupilak. If the magician is powerful
enough, the tupilak seeks out and kills the victim.

Activating a tupilak requires an Arete roll (diffi-
culty 8). The magician sings to the tupilak then places
it in water. The statue animates and seeks out the
mage's target. Once it arrives, the subject has one
chance to resist — if the target is also a magician he may
be able to turn the tupilak back against its sender. An
active tupilak goes to the victim and causes spiritual
malaise. The subject takes one level of aggravated
damage per day for eight days. However, if the subject
can beat the sender's successes with an Arete roll of his
own, he can send the tupilak back to infect the original
sender, and the first sender cannot turn it away. Sub-
jects without Arete get one Willpower roll (difficulty 8)
to cancel the tupilak's damage; each success soaks one
level of damage.

Once a tupilak reaches its victim, it becomes qui-
escent. It need not attack or follow the target — it
simply delivers the message, so to speak.

"peRy

CHAPTER FIVE: THE T@P @F THE \W/@RLD — THE ARCTIC CIRCLE

PLACES @F POWER

Since the Inuit were nomadic, they only rarely
attributed power to specific locations. Legends of im-
portant places, then, stand out all the more.

‘THE NORTHERN LIGHTS

Not so much a place as a phenomenon, the
aurora borealis is well known to most. What's not so
well known is its significance in Inuit mythology. To
a's lights come, naturally, from
say from spirits playing a game
with a skull, perhaps even a human skull. Whistling
is said to bring the lights closer while clapping causes
them to recede. Of course, if the lights truly are the
haven of skull-tossing spirits, who would want them
to come closer? Perhaps someone who has need of
such fierce spirits.

the Inuit, the aurc

the spirits — some

,
As much as science tries to explain the northern
lights as magnetic storms or atmospheric diffusion, they

do sometimes appear at unexpected places and times. A

135

pid Raa "Hl r i

ey

ns

on
ia

ns

ho

ar

. = lems'

=

ee
rs

= md

by!
\
a
U
¥,

we

ar

—<

mage who sees dancing lights on the tundra is advised
to be careful of any sound he makes, lest he attract
unwanted attention.

ITIARBLE ISLAND

Stories say that Marble Island began as ice but
magically turned into marble over many years. Though
otherwise indistinct, the island became the final resting
place for southern whalers who shipwrecked and died
there. As they were not part of the frozen lands, the
whalers' spirits remained to haunt the island. It is said that
any who come to the island must not step on to it walking,
so instead people crawl onto it to avoid offending the
ghosts. Those who don't might well find themselves the
recipients of some unfortunate spiritual attention.

aicecl Reaver Th ae a.

6), Xie
tm 44

=

TSHISHTASHKATTIUKU

The spirit world of Innu legend has natural ties to
the Umbra. A wanderer who travels into the furthest
reaches of the tundra and becomes lost risks stepping
into tshishtashkamuku. In the tundra, this reflection is
hostile to human life. Great spirits wander through
here, and they recognize that humans do not belong.
They are likely to devour or wantonly kill people, and
tshishtashkamuku does not have much to recommend
it to tourists. Then again, a mage looking for a given
spirit, perhaps trying to find out what may have hap-
pened to a missing animal master, may have no choice
but to risk this endless and barren spirit reflection.


CENTURIES @F ITIAGIC

Civilizations rise and fall across seas of time. Along the way, each culture fosters its
own mystic traditions. When mages of the present look for answers in the past, they lay
bare the most terrifying — and potent — of humanity's superstitions. Such magics were
forbidden even in the brutal cultures of ages gone; what terrible secrets do they hold for
mages today?

MILLENIA @F HORROR

From the early days of civilization in Mesopotamia and Africa, to the philosophies
of Greece and Rome and the mysteries of Central America, Dead Magic explores the
mystic heritage of lost civilizations around the world. This is no travel guide for mages,
though — these were cultures that practiced terrible, blood-drenched rites and
consciousness-shattering rituals. Unearth these secrets and hope that you survive.

EAD ITIAGIC |

¢ Modern applications of the magic of ancient cultures

© Creatures and plot ideas for Storytellers

Powerful new spells, including the formula for lichedom.

WWW.WHITE-WOLF.comM

ISBN 1-56504-408-8
WW4045 $19.95 US

WORLD OF Buack Do«
DARKNESS GAME Picton

a | I Il

FOR ADULTS ONLY