# File: Defender.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

HUNT ER*BaQK
DEFENDER

A Character Book for Hunter: The Reckoning

= Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =

2m 3

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save —_ Preferences

wids UW.
WOE "EX oF tein Y_

Hout/Lous) LHE THIN LINE
: sas ON By: by Dole7

. ESECURITY This page is the portal to the Vigil website. This is a place where we can air our views in
: ALARMS "security. If you found this site while messing about, please bugger off. No offense, itis just that

if you do not mean to be here, you are a security risk. Besides, you will not understand.

WenMau. Wo Arr You?

Have you woken up to the fallen state of the world? Do you know what roams the

\j Ne
Warnines streets and pulls on the door latch, wanting to get in? They sit behind the desks of
Rontnnee councilors, the posh wankers who drive past you in their Porsches, and they lurk behind
ORT BESS computer screens. Some are police, others lurk in hospitals, more are friends of the law.
SiG é "You have probably learned all this the hard way.
SIGNS DD You have seen them. Fought them. But you know there is more to the struggle than killing
H-Linus and dying. If you are one of the few who has stood up for something or someone, then we

welcome you. We tend to call what you protect or protected your charge, ward, burden or
oa treasure. (Different people have different terms, but best you learn the lingo now.) These things
are what we are all about. Whatever name you use, these are usually cherished people, and sometimes things. Hold
onto them. They are what we have been given to deliver when the fight is over.
If you are only interested in fighting, destroying or worse yet just preserving your own hide, this list is not for
you. What you want is probably here: http://www.hunter-net.org/firelight/ or hunter-net.org. Have fun — just do
not come crying to us when you realize the mistake you have made!

Wo Are Wr?

We are chosen for the preservation of humanity and this world, not simply for war and ruin. We want to free
this world of its oppressors by protecting what is in danger, and then by taking back what was ours. The ends
do not justify the means. We want to defend and preserve. We will fight when necessary, but have learned to pick
our fights and make sure that all struggles are on our terms. We must not become monsters to fight monsters.
We must not look about after the fight and realize that we are now a part of the problem.

Maybe you are one of us.

If this describes you, hit here and send us email. Include any "references" you may have. If you do not know
what we mean... sorry, you do not get in. Security first. If you are one of us, you will understand.

Wuy VIGIL?

So why should you want in? Why do you need Vigil? | will speak
plainly. If you are like us, you have something to protect — a charge, P ENTER Network PassworD
as we like to call it. Vigil is your best hope for protecting whatever or | Resource: hunter-net.org/uk/vigil.htm|
whomever you value most. That is what we do, and we seem to be the _P User name or Login:

best at it.
While most of the design, security and maintenance of this site is done be ceauanitin as i Sl

by one bone-idle Brit, the contents include articles from around the world— } password:

real solutions to your problems. Unless an article has a byline, assume that
the material here was created by more than one of us. ee Send |


¢o &

| Backward Forward Redraw

HTML site:

* i =z: =
ESrcuritry
: =
ALARMS

WrsMan.

Warnin6s
=
Forrress
7"
Signs
=
H-Links

if

6 & oe

Preferences

@ &

Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save

by Dole7
Our privacy is a matter of life and death. Vigil therefore operates according to
certain codes. Since this list is my creation and my responsibility, | make the rules when
it comes to security.

Copr 1

In the end, you are responsible for your own safety on the net, and for the security
of this service. If you do not know anything about computers, buy a book and read it.
Educate yourself. Keep your software updated and keep viruses off your machine. Do
not post attachments to the list without prior approval. If you do, they will be stripped
before being posted.

CopE 2

Vigil only asks for a username/login to identify you. It does not keep other email
addresses or any "demographic" information on file. Password files are kept on
separate hardware and updated randomly. This means you will have to change your
password often. You can never have the same password twice.

CopE 3

Vigil only gathers information on you when you apply for membership. As soon as
you have a login and password, that information is destroyed. Currently, the only way
to gain membership is by having an existing member vouch for you. (Usually a member
that you have met in the real world or online. | make the final call on who is welcome.)

Cong 4

Vigil will not send you unsolicited email and will make all efforts to weed out
spam. | will send you security updates. If you try to be clever and do not install them,
you are off.

Cope 5

The email logs are purged at random intervals, when a user is notloggedin. Unread
email is not purged. Dormant accounts are closed on my whim whenever | get the
feeling it has been too long.

damn straight, it's powered by


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net ——

>me ead 8B Som 2

Backward Forward Redraw Stop Findi! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences.

HTML site:

>>>Postep By Descent8 8

This article comes from a trashy newspaper, but the facts of the case and the "ghost
story" are true. | checked into the records in Perth and there were three murders on the
same trail almost 70 years ago — stabbings just like this. Any tips on facing a haunt? Any

ALARMS help you can give would be a blessing for whomever pursues this.
ORE ES THE PHANTOM KILLER STRIKES

WesMau. The body of 19-year-old Peter Hammond was discovered near Killicrankie on
Cd ES = Tuesday. Someone had stabbed the boy several times. His friend David Shaw last
WARNINGS saw him alive on Monday night. Shaw found the body the next morning about half
: steak a kilometer from their campsite. The victim's friend was interviewed by D.I.

9 Linklater of the Perth police, but was released without comment.
Fortress Locals (pub-goers) near Pitlochry claim the murder was the work of a local ghost called
mmm =the "Lover of the Phantom Regiment ." Tales from the area claim that a young woman's lover,
SIGNS a soldier, was killed at the Battle of Killicrankie during the Jacobite rebellion in 1689.

mmarem@ | The soldier jumped off a cliff rather than fall into the hands of the English. In an act
of revenge, the girl killed an Englishman staying at the local inn and then jumped from
H-Lins the same cliff — plummeting to her death just as her lover had done. On nights of the
a. ma new moon, the phantom regiment can still be found marching the hills, say the locals.
Sightings of the lover are less frequent, but locals swear she still seeks revenge on

Englishmen. They claim that she was responsible for the death of the boy.

Linklater called this story "Pure rubbish, or worse yet a blatant attempt to
profit from the murder of tourist."

Members of the Perthshire Hiking Association were also quick to dismiss the
story, claiming that this was the first death on one of their hiking routes in
over 28 years — and that it was due to a fall.

Wonder which cliff that hiker fell from?

>>>Postep BY DoLE7

Ilifted this from an email server set up by EuroSun, the company that runs the trains through
the Chunnel. Interesting, eh? | thought someone might what to check this conversation out.

To: Security @ EuropeSun.co.uk
From: OfficerOne

i-|
a
B
Re: Late Passengers
Are you sure that the problem is not with the hardware or software? | just cannot believe this has happened for a

fifth time!

Our security procedures are tight. When passengers get on train in France they swipe their tickets and they swipe them
again in London when they get off. There is no way that _two days_ can pass between one end of the Chunnel and the other.
The ride under the channel is only twenty minutes! The software reading the cards must be wrong.

Check it again.
To: OfficerOne @ EuropeSun.co.uk
From: Security
Subject: Re: Late Passengers

All| know is the passenger embarked on the 7th and got off on the 9th. I've got him on video on this side, although for some
bloody reason there always seems to be something in front of his face! Check your security cameras and see if you can catch


«+> 8822 29

Backward Forward Redraw Stop‘ Findit! Homepage History Printing Save —_ Preferences

HTML site:

25a
>>>PostTEeD By TRAVELER 72

Ho
" I've been to Flat Rock, but haven't seen any other signs in town or around it. If
ESrcu anyone else is in the area, keep a lookout. This guy must be one of us.
» arma = SurVIVALIST's ‘DEATHTRAP' Wounps 2 OFFICERS
ALARMS (Flat Rock, NC) Hendersonville police are searching for Clyde
. en Ponder Of 334 Stateline Road after two policeman were injured
WrsMa. while investigating a disturbance at his home Monday. The officers
= sa raeneeces were responding to a 911 call made by Gladys Kilburn, a neighbor,
Wannin6s after she reportedly heard explosions and screams originating at

. —_ Ponder's house.
Fortress Neighbors stated that Ponder was recently fired from

. "mem Ramcor, a farm-implement manufacturer. The company refused to
Signs comment. Ms. Kilburn said that he had behaved strangely in past
«mem@ months, shouting about the end of the world and chasing away

E

i ||
WSLS "WWE WINS) WL er a=
; ae a

Officers called Ponder's home a "deathtrap" that had
apparently claimed more than one victim. Police are at a loss
to explain the presence of several decomposing bodies in the
home, one of which was impaled on a six-foot metal spear fashioned
from electrician's conduit and fired from an air cannon hooked
to a compressor. Other bodies were found around the house. One
was partially dissolved by some form of acid, which also
inflicted minor burns to an officer. Deputy Sheriff Jason
McKinney suffered a dislocated shoulder after falling through
stairs to Ponder's basement.

Police discovered Ponder's truck on Hwy. 25, near the Henderson
County line. The suspect is presumed to be armed and dangerous,
and authorities urge caution should he be encountered.

H-Links alleged trespassers.

Alarm Page 2 of 4
BACK < — > NEXT


«> & @ o2eam 2

i Homepage History Printing Save _ Preferences

Backward Forward Redraw

wt Dy WY Wor A >

ee |
Homr/Locin YOUR Home Is Your CASTLE

= =
ESecuriry by Hannibal137
- = There are two big problems with home security systems. The firstis that they make people
ALARMS feel secure. Remember, in our world paranoia = life. No amount of security is enough.
-— — If you do decide to get a security deal, make sure it's deep — that means don't get just
WreMan one or two kinds of sensors, get four or five. Combine as many different sensors as you
seiadniemel can afford. Stay away from the cutting-edge stuff, and don't hire one of those lousy
WaArnines monitoring services (problem #2). The idiots who do the monitoring will be all over your
oats house, poking their noses in where they're not wanted. Do it yourself. Here's how.
Forrress SounD EFFECTS
cj Gena Buy a pump shotgun. The sound of the action alone will give most critters serious
Si6Nns sphincter action. | bet if you record the sound and play it back at the right time and place,
~~l__ it may even buy you some time. Better yet, a blast from one of these babies makes even
H-Links the biggest bad-ass take notice. I'm a big believer in security, but it's much easier to

@ mmf defend against pieces of your enemy than a whole one. Get it?

Animals — the redneck security system — are also good at making noise. Most big
dogs like labs are pushovers. Get yourself a pack of small to medium dogs — much noisier and harder to catch
and kill. If you want serious animal doorbells, get 15 to 20 guinea hens. Most likely they'll sleep on your roof. If
anything comes near the house — good Lord Almighty you're going to hear it!

Tur UNEXPECTED

The unexpected is your best friend. There was a crazy fucker that lived down the road from my folks. One day
we drove by his house and he had a big sign out front: "Beware, Tile Gun." No one knew what a ‘tile gun" was, but
everyone stayed the hell away. Weird shit can't protect you forever, but it may put would-be intruders on edge.

I've noticed something else, too. Monsters hate pictures. They scare the critters more than anything. | usually
keep one of those disposable cameras with a flash. The flash is important! One, you want the creatures to know
you have a camera — you don't want them to have to hear just a click. Two, a flash in the face may just give you
enough time to run or fill the bastard with lead.

Better yet is a video camera. You want them to step into a trap? Hang up a video camera. Even if it's not
running, they'll spend all their attention on it, not the real threat you have planned.

My uncle, bless his soul, had a great idea that we can use. It gets back to animals. Those PETA wussies will
love this. My uncle bred some of the meanest dogs ever, across between pit bulls and Newfoundlands. Big, black,
and thanks to my uncle utterly silent. He had a bunch of yippy dogs in his yard, but Cletus and Meat lived inside.
When they were pups, he cut their vocal cords and he kept their nails clipped. They were mean as hell, black as
the inside of a fist, and as quiet as a sucker punch. My uncle died in his sleep. It took days before anyone knew
what happened to him. We had to shoot the dogs to get his body for the funeral.

Traps, TRAPS AND More TRAPS

If you hide out in your house or anyplace else, set up a few traps at the doors and windows — ones that you can set
in advance or just trip when you know trouble's coming. Spring boards and even small explosives are where it's at.

Watch out for the crap on the web, though, especially takes on that Antichrist Cookbook. Most of it's made
up by high school freaks and will get you killed when you try it — or actually need it.

You can make better and more "natural" traps on your own if you just take the time and think about what you're doing.
Weakening select stair treads or replacing them with balsa wood or cardboard works real well. I've even managed to find
a few bear traps in old hardware stores! Remember the more complicated a trap, the more likely it will fail.


Backward Forward Redraw

HTML site:| h

Wi«qgs Ue
WWE wW wou

Ee
Locin

How»
a

ESECURITY
s = a
ALARMS

WersMau.

WARNINGS
==

Forrress
ome - ig
Si16ns

=
H-Link
a =

-_

internet Browser: Hunter-Net ——

Stop

a @ 2

Homepage History Printing

Finditt Save Preferences

7

V_Wwn
lim

SaFrety TIps

You can't be too careful, and while our knowledge of our true foes is still growing, don't forget that
human monsters can still hurt the people you try to protect. Sometimes normal people are the pawns
of monsters, other times they themselves are monsters in thought and action, if not in form.

DRIVING

There's a lot you can do to protect yourself in your car. Sometimes a car is the only way you
can escape an overwhelming threat or find some refuge from a creature. A two-ton car can also
be used as a very effective weapon. Just about everything is allergic to mass and kinetic energy.

First off, buckle up — and do it right away. You have a lot better chance of pushing a button and
getting out of a seatbelt when you need to than of putting it on while your body is screaming into the
windscreen at a hundred miles an hour. Make sure everyone else aboard wears them, too. In our line
of work, staying in line and obeying alll traffic signals is not always an option. Anticipate the worst.

1. Always keep at least one full car length between your vehicle and the one directly in front of you
when you stop. Why? This gives room to maneuver your car — either to retreat or ram a bastard.

2. Only open your window a crack to speak to anyone.

3. Use the vision on any copper who stops you. But don't ignore common sense or your
instincts. If something still seems odd, even if the copper looks normal, tell him to call for

another police car. Remember not to open your window more than is necessary to communicate — even for the police!

4. Walking to your parked caris one of the most vulnerable moments of your day. Stay alert and have your keys (and/or pepper
spray) in your hand. If a person demands your keys and attacks, give them to him. You have more to live for than your pride. We
can't afford to lose our own over the little things of our past lives. Besides, who would be left to protect what's important to you?

Nowif one of themattacks you, well, you should always be prepared for that. Remember that the monster probably
thinks you're just some schmuck. Let the bastard think that and turn the tables on him.

5. When you park at night, always try to park in a well-lit area.

6. If you're being followed, drive to a public area. Churches are a good bet. Protestant churches often have
Wednesday night services. Catholic churches are almost always open at dusk.

7. lf someone or something does get in your car and is stupid enough to let you drive, put on your safety belt and
cause a wreck, then hope for the best. Just don't hurt anyone in the process unless you have no choice.

8. Always keep something in your trunk that will let you jimmy the door if you're locked inside. A hidden weapon
and a flashlight are also a good idea.

Hote. / Morten SECURITY
Some of us spend a lot of time on the road. It's important to be safe there, too. Your hotel room is not going to be as well-
secured as your home. Monsters stalking you or ones unconcerned with the danger of being seen may attack you at any time.
1. Always park your car as close to your room as possible.
2. Use every lock the room provides at all times.
3. Never leave a key at the desk. Ask to change rooms if you lose it. Try to stay in places with electronic keys rather

than metal ones.

4. Never trap a motel room. Too many people, like maids and maintenance men, have keys. You'll just get arrested
or be forced on the run.

THE STREET

We've all probably learned the ropes of the hunt here, but a few reminders are in order.

1. When walking at night, walk close to the curb, not along any buildings. Avoid entrances to dark alleys or
doorways. Avoid the shadows.

2. Avoid talking with anyone suspicious — they're probably just setting you up. It's human nature to drop your guard
during a "polite" or "friendly" conversation.


»>

Backward Forward

+

@ &

Redraw Stop _Findil! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site:

WiUGSU WZ" |

‘WwW wry Whiner 2 >
=: ri

Our SIcns

We see them spray painted on city streets and hidden on billboards. You might find
yourself scrawling them absently as you debate what to do about the things you've seen...
or about how to protect your family. A language? It looks like it could be — or become one.
At the least, we seem to understand these symbols and the chosen of various cultures
seem to understand them equally, or even know some of their own.

Posted here are some of the symbols list members have seen and used, and that we think
are vital to protecting, whether it's people, places, things or ourselves. As far as we know, they
haven't caught on, so these are our greatest tools for now. It's one thing to stamp your brand as
guardian of a neighborhood, but it's another to invite the help of any imbued who happens into the
area. We can't protect everything by ourselves, and these signs help us keep the thin line solid.

Home/Locin

Fortress

ox 4
SIGNS
=
H-Linis

Charge, Ward or
Treasure: This sign seems
to be the focus of what
many on this list are about.
We use it to indicate the
things we protect above all
else. Sure. territory might
be our chosen turf, but a
rge or ward is someone
or something we'd die for.
The sign can indicate an
object itsel for that the sub-
ject is inside a room or
«building. Oddly, only im-
bued likely to understand
orlive the notion of charge:
or treasures seem to unde
stand this . That means
we should stand up and
guard for each other. too.

Protection or De-
fense: Somehow. many of
us on this list seem to iden-
tify with this sign, as if it
epitomizes us. Then again,
others on the listdon"tsense
the same ownership. It's as
ifwe're allimbued, but were
not all dedicated to the ex-
act same cause. Maybe
those differences will bear
out in our ongoing discus-
sions... and clashes.

Alone: Some poor
soul has lost his way.
whether by circumstance
or choice. We' ve seen this
code combined with oth-
erslike "help" and ies"
to mean a hunter's in over
his head. Then again. there
have been stories of re-
cluses who use it as a
command, nota statement,
as in "Leave me..."

Witch: This one
seems to be for those
witches and warlocks. like
BookwormSS describes on
hunter-net

Trap: I've heard that
other hunters recognize this
one, too, but they seem to
attribute a different meaning
to it than we might. Others
think a trap has been set or a
danger is posed by a creature.
We tend to use this sign to
wam others that we've set a
trap. You might use this on
your home, for example. so
that other imbued aren‘t
harmed by yourdefenses. We
need to spread the word about
thedifferentmeanings. A mis-
understanding could pit us
ainst our own. Maybe we
could add our "defense" sign
to"trap" forclarity. assuming
a hot-head can read any fur-
ther than the wami If.

Re

Victory: Apparently
used to mark an area where
one of us has succeeded in
protecting a ward or charge.

Maybe a person maintained
custody in the face ofa threat
Anyway, this sign appears to

be our badge of courage,
where we stood our ground.
One day the world will be
our prize. As with "charge,"
only we guardians seem to
know this sign. You other list
members, like you bleeding
hearts, don't get it, do you?

for: Put this one
up whenever you enter
claimed turf, an area that's
been marked as "protected"
by another imbued. Con-
sider it good manners.
something all hunters
should be taught for our
benefit. since we often
seem tobe the "protectors,"

Help: One of our own
needs help, and he's advertis-
ing. The threat or problem
probably isn't imminent un-
Jess the hunter's friends areal
dead orsomething. However,
one of us has a problem or is
undersiegeandneedsthecav-
alry.Don'thangaroundunder
the sign. Wait and watch to
see if someone arrives and
loiters. That might be your
man. Alternatively, searchthe
area for signs of trouble. Your
boy won't be far away. and
he's looking for you, too. If
youcome across this sign and
the poster has already fallen,
remove the symbol or step
into the breach yourself.


internet Browser: Hunter-Net

£78 20,9 83 2M

! Homepage & Printing Save

Backward Forward La

HTML site: [ htt;

WWE "EC WEWING

g tifa
Howr/Loax = LINKS
Cane. These are not adverts — they are meant to be sources of reliable information for
asm meet tre electronic unwashed masses, like you.
ALARMS OTHERS
oe ra. We do not fight alone. This page has alot of crazies in my opinion, but there is some
__WeeMan. good information, too:
Wanrnines http://www. hunter-net.org/firelight/
= Here is the mothership. This is the place that got most of us started, and if you have
Fortress not been there, what are you waiting for?
<a http://www. hunter-net.org.
.
Sicxs VIRUSES
H-Linxs Keeping viruses off your machine is not rocket science. There are a lot of free

= products out there if you cannot afford a good piece of software. Also, there are a lot
of false virus warnings, so please do not turn off your brain when you get on the net —
do not believe every bit of email you get. Check it out. Here are some pages to get good
information and resources:
http:/www.symantec.com/avcenter/index.html
http://www. DataFellows.com:80/vir-info/

TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION

Some of you might get the bright idea that information is your best defense. We are
not the only ones with computers:

http://slashdot.org/

http://www.geeknews.net/

http://cnet.com

http://www.techsightings.com/


————— = == Internet Browser: Hunter-Net =
«+> &
Backward Forward Redraw

WW. "WWMLWING Wo
i a

Stop Findit! Homepage History Printing Save Preferences

HTML site: | hi

yi £52
Home/Locin Tech HELP 4
— | know most of you need some help now and then. Here are some places to get it:
ESrcuriry http://help.com
PrP. > = http://www. internettrafficreport.com/
ALARMS http://www.allexperts.com/
ry =
WesMan, = LIFE
* a This makes it more worth living...
WARnINés http://www. football365.co.uk/
RARE EES Okay, that may not be for all of you, but this page has a mix of tech and non-technology
Fortress info that is surprisingly useful:
emgage, http://www.boredatwork.org/
SIGNs

em Toe THIn LINE

H-Linis Jane's has info on all the hardware available and on dangerous hot-spots around the
Wa world.

http://www.janes.com/
If it is legal for you to own this stuff, these sites have it all.
http://www.safetytechnology.com/

http://www. intercept-spytech.com/Equipment.html

LT I EN ee



Lupe Droin had high hopes for the fare. Two guys, mid-
twenties to early thirties, she figured. White guys wearing
jeans, T-shirts, nylon windbreakers and uncool sneakers.
The short one with the belly and less hair stepped into the
street, waving his hand with easy authority. As she pulled
over, the taller one slouched toward the curb.

"Good evening," the stocky one said witha smile. A
good smile. Professionally distant, just right for a busi-
ness transaction. A smile that said, "I'm a good customer
and hope you'll be a good driver. That's all we need to be

to one another." A city smile.
The other's smile was a little more shy. She figured
him for an out-of-towner, maybe visiting his cousin in

the big city. "Could you pop the trunk?" The tall one was
holding a pair of large duffel bags. She nodded.

"Where to, gentlemen?"

"Union Station." Not a long drive, but if traffic was
bad this might be her last ride of the night. She spun the
wheel and flowed into the traffic of the Magnificent Mile.

"Miss?" It was the short one. "Do you mind if I ask
you a question?" Maybe she'd misread his smile. She
narrowed her eyes, but saw nothing to alarm her about
either man. She shrugged.

"I've lived in Chicago for ten years and | believe
you're the first woman cab driver I've met."

Lupe's left hand came up to the comer of her eye and
absently rubbed two smooth patches of skin on her cheek-
bone, each about the size of a pinkie nail. "Yeah, so?"

"Well... nothing I suppose. I guess I just wondered
why that was."

"I dunno. Maybe guys are less scared of getting held up."

"Doesthathappena lot?" the tall skinny onesaid abruptly.

"Once is enough." They slid past the lions of the Art
Institute, past the mounted Indian chiefs whose bows
had no strings. She surged to the right, flicking on her
signal as an afterthought.

"Yeah, I can see that," the short one said, grinning
wryly. She pulled into the taxi area in front of the station
and hit the release to the trunk. The tall one was halfway

out of the cab when the short one leaned forward and
pointed at a small symbol on a note card propped against
the stick shift. In a low voice, nearly a whisper, he said.
"Another question: What's that thing?"

"That? Oh, that doesn't mean much." She turned to
look at him. He was counting out bills.

"I suppose I shouldn't ask such nosy questions," he
said. "At least, not when I know the answers...." He
handed her the money.

Mixed in with the bills was a business card. Hastily
penned on the back was asymbol. To Lupe, it resembled
a baseball diamond with spidery legs. Nevertheless, she
instinctively understood it to mean one of the imbued,
a planner or "prophet," as she had once heard it put —
not someone quick to fight, like herself.

"Pleasure riding with you... Guadalupe," he said,
reading the name off her license.

"My pleasure... Mr. Searle."

* * *

It was a quarter past midnight when Lupe got home.
Her father was already in bed, but her sister Ramona sat
smoking at the kitchen table.

"Hola," Lupe said. "How goes it?"

Mona shrugged. "Not so bad. You have a good night?"

"Notbad. Didn'thave to kill nobody," she joked. Inher
poe her hand tweaked the edge of George Searle's

usiness card. "A couple good tips. What you do tonight?"

"Hector and I went to the movies. I got to pick."

Lupe chuckled. "Hector must have made a move if
he was willing to sit through a chick flick." Mona
shrugged, irritated. Lupe didn't let it go. Mona was her
little sister. Lupe eal never let anything go.

"Did he? You don't have that rosy glow on your
cheeks. Said ‘no,' huh?"

"Hector's just... | don't know."

"Hector's a good boy."

"He's a boy, all right. I think I might want a man."

Lupe snorted. "A man's all right, I guess. If you don't
mind as much bad as good. Boys are better. Less trouble.
Lots less trouble."


"Maybe I'm looking for more in life than ‘less trouble.

"T suppose. But when you get in trouble, don't come
whining to me."

They were quiet for a moment. Then Mona an-
nounced, "Real's back in town."

Lupe'seyes widened and she smiled. "Noshit? Travis Royal
came back? I heard he was off at law school or something."

"He's back now. What would you say about him?
Boy or man?"

Lupe thought back to Travis "Real" Royal. She'd
last seen him when she was a junior in high school. Every
girl wanted to marry him, and every precocious high
school "woman" wanted to fuck his brains out.

"Real Royal," shesaid, savoring the words. "Mmm, there
was a bit of chocolate you could put your mouth on all day
long." Mona giggled. Every boy envied Travis, with fathers
asking, "How come you can't be like Real, drawing them
fouls and making those shots?" or with mothers insisting,
"How come you can't get good grades like that nice Royal
boy?" Butnoone nila hate him. Most kids wound up stupid
and honest, or too smart and mean. Real found a balance
somehow. He let himself see the good and bad, both. That
made him genuine. It was impossible not to like him.

He'd gotten a basketball scholarship out of Henry
Horner Homes to ISU. Lupe remembered watching
him play on TV, before lights-out on the cell block.
Her ea drifted again to the two smooth, polished
scars near her left eye.

"Real," she said at last, "He was more than human.
He was fuckin' superman. You seen him?"

"Nah, I just heard he was back in the Homes."

"That can't be right, ‘less he's visiting."

"I'm just saying what I heard."

Lupe shrugged. "Real's a good man, but don't let
that turn you sour on Hector."

"What you saying?"

"Nothing." But she couldn't leave it alone. "Just
don't get your hopes up."

"What you mean, ‘Get my hopes up'? You saying I
should, what, settle with what I can get? Put up with a
boy like Hector 'cause I ain't good enough for a ‘man'?"

"Don't give up on Hector is all. He's put up with your
bullshit so far."

"Fuck you!"

"He might go to college some day."

"Yeah, like you were going to?" Lupe's fist was
clenched and drawn the moment the words were out of
Mona's mouth. The younger sister flinched instinc-
tively, hands rising to cover her face.

"Aww, fuck you, too, Mona." Lupe went to her room.
* * *

The next day, Lupe called George Searle's number
froma pay phone. "Hey, George, it's Lupe. Rememberme?"

"Of course." He cleared his throat. "This is my
business phone, you know...."

"Sure, I'm calling froma pay phone. Can you call me
back here at noon?"

"Let's make it twelve-fifteen."

Lupe grabbed lunch and ate, waiting. By quarter-
past, her fries were cold but the call was prompt.

"So, you... uh, know, right?"

"Yes," she said. "You on hunter-net?"

"I don't even know what thatis. It... ithasn't been long."

He was a local insurance adjuster who'd been in
Milwaukee to check the transmission of a rear-ended
Pontiac when the graveyard next door coughed up its
occupants. They killed two kids before he managed to
lure the zombies into the garage's lube pit and trap them
under a Nissan Sentra. The official conclusion was that
the whole station burned down due to a chemical fire.

She was a high-school dropout who got a pick-up
call late one night from a guy who looked like Lon
Chaney's ugly cousin. He tried to drink her blood. She
shot him eight times with an unregistered revolver.
When that only slowed him down, she rammed her
wood-handled ice scraper into his heart.

They came from different backgrounds, different parts
of town, different lives and different cultures. But as they
spoke, just for a moment each of them felt a closeness that
neither had felt with family, lovers or friends. She could
hear the relief in his voice. She understood.

"Look," she told him, "I can't talk all day. Other
people use this phone... but I got a beeper number. You
can get me through that, okay?" As she told him the
number, the beeper on her belt went off, like a sleeping
animal waking to the sound of its name.

She hung up and looked at the message. It was from Bike.

Shit.

* * *

Bike was one of the chosen, like her. He'd grown uj
poor, like her, but that's where their similarities |
He still lived and worked in the projects, where he made
money at the one high-paying job his neighborhood
offered. He started as a shorty. When he was 13, he killed
another boy for stealing his bicycle. Now, at 19, he was an
old man to his gang. He'd killed two men, seen at least a
dozen die, done two years in juvie and one year in the pen.
He'dalso staked two vampires, put down five zombies and
killed four puppets. His turf was his, and he wasn't going
to give it up to anyone — living, dead or otherwise.

He met Lupe in an alley behind one of the Henry
Horner Homes. Even at noon, the building's shadow
made it seem dark out. Something in a dumpster was
getting a lot of attention from a swarm of flies.

"Oneofmy homies," hesaid, jerking hishead. Lupe pulled
her shirt collar up over her nose to try to cover the stink and
looked into the dead gangster's filthy makeshift coffin.

"Can't you pull him out of there?" she asked, know-
ing the answer beter Bike spoke.

"] ain't touching that shit."

Lupe thought, "It's about the only shit here youain't
got a hand in," but she kept her mouth shut. She could
see a long, savage wound on the corpse's neck.

There wasn't a drop of blood on his clothes, on his
skin, on the dumpster or on the ground around it.

"Yeah, he's been vamped on all right," she said.
"Know who did it?"


"If knew that, | wouldn't have called your weak ass.
I'd be putting some wood down right now."

Lupe stepped back into the sun and wind to take a
breath that didn't stink of death. "All right, lemme think
here. You haven't heard anything about a new blood-
sucker around, right? So if this fucker just moved in, he's
either connected or he isn't. Ifhe's connected, someone's
gonna come clean up this body. If not, either he'll come
in person or the regular cops will find it, right?"

"Shit, [don't know." Bike shrugged in irritation and
looked away impatiently.

"So we wait and watch. If the thing comes back, we
spot him. Ifsomeone else comes, we know he's hooked up."

"And we can slice on his bitch to find out anything
else we need to know," Bike added.

"Or follow him, yeah. 'Course, if it's the cops..."
She shrugged. He shrugged back. With the cops, what
could you do?

"{'ll have one of my boys watch today," he said, "But
I want you on it at night."

"What, worried your ‘gangstaz' can't take it?"

"My boys can fuck up anything they can see. I just
need you to see it for me. You my seeing-eye dog, got it?"
Lupe glared, but she knew that, by himself, Bike didn't
have the brains to find his own dick. If she wanted to
stop this thing before it snacked on the Homes' other
residents, she'd have to put up with his bullshit.

She turned to go. He yelled, "You be here tonight,
you got me?"

She decided to take the long way home, through the
center of the Homes. As she walked, she switched on the
sight, hoping to get lucky and spot a bruise.

"Lupe? Hey, Lupe. Long time no see!"

Lupe turned to the sound ofhername. "Danita? You're
looking good, girl!" Danita looked like shit. Lupe had never
seen her look so bad, not even in jail. Her skin, brown like
adead leaf, had pale patches thatnow looked a ghastly gray.

"I almost didn't recognize you without the tears,"
Danita said, gesturing to the two round scars on Lupe's face.

"Yeah, well..."

"Outgrew the life, huh?"

Lupe smiled, oddly flattered. "Something like that. You?"

"Oh, you know, staying clean, looking for a job."
Listening to Danita prattle, Lupe wondered if it was
crack or the needle, hea caught herself. She should be
Danita's friend. She should be thinking the best of her.

"You wanna come up? Like, fora Coke or something?"

"Sure." As they walked toward the imposing box
that Danita called home, Lupe asked, "You don't know
a guy named Real, do you?"

"Uh... I might. How you know him?"

"J went to school with him. Heard he was back."

"Oh, I don't know. I think he might be." The way she
said itsent a pang through Lupe. She could tell Danita was
lying, that she did know and that he was back.

Shit, Lupe thought. He'd only come back here if he
was broke or on coke. Damn.

They entered Danita's building and Lupe's stomach
tightened. For a moment, she was back in prison. The

PROLOGUE: TURF

hallways were lit by slits of dusty sunlight — it was the same
jailhouse dark. The peeling gray paint was the same, as well,
and the smell... the smell of too many people in too little
space, people with too much empty time and not enough
hope. It was all the same. Lupe remembered Danita crying
whenshe got turned in prison, remembered getting shivved
in the elevator while "Goodbye" Jones covered the ceiling
camera. Lupe remembered two years of violence and
boredom, fear and despair. It all came right back.

Danita looked back where her guest had paused. "Sorry
it's so dark," she said. "They keep smashing the light bulbs."

The apartment was tidy, except for pieces of stuffing
that had fallen from the corners of her ratty sofa. Lupe
looked around surreptitiously as Danita busied herself in
the kitchenette. No steel wool for smoking, no fresh
burn marks on anything, no blackened spoons... maybe
her old cellmate wasn't using.

"Shit, I'm sorry Lupe. I don't got any cola." Danita
sounded genuinely upset. "I got... uh, I got some of those
coffee bag things?"

"That'sfine." As Danitareached toturnonherhotplate,
Lupe saw two tiny holes on her wristand felta wash of sorrow,
thinking they were track marks. Then sorrow was replaced
by horror as she realized what they really were.

"Danita...." Lupe took a breath, trying to calm her
pounding heart. "Where'd you get those marks?"

"What marks?" Danita pulled down her sleeve.
Lupe pushed her away from the hotplate — gently, but
firmly — and yanked the cloth back up.

"Who did this?" Danita looked away. "Do you
remember who did this to you?"

"No, I... don't."

"Don't you lie to me, bitch!" Lupe shook her, but
held herself back from hitting. Danita broke easy and
was already crying.

"Shit, Danita, don't you realize what that thing is?"

"Tt ain't like you think..."

"Where is it?"

"T dunno..."

"Why you? Where were you when it jumped you?"

"He didn't jump me." Tears streamed down Danita's
face. "Lupe... it was Real."

"Real' what?" Then she realized.

"Travis Royal did this?"

Lupe slumped into a chair, trying to imagine the
high-school hope boy, her superman, sucking blood in
the night. "Why?" she whispered, not expecting any
reply. Certainly not the one she got.

"Cause | asked him to."

* * *

That night, Lupe hunkered in the shadows by the
dumpster. It was well after one when Real showed up, a
body slung lazily over his shoulder.

Lupe watched him peek into the dumpster, shake
his head and throw the second body on top of the first.
She bit her lip, then spun the flint on a lighter.

Real spun around as the little flame sprung up from
her hand flared up. She could have used a flashlight, but

she knew rots hated fire.


HUNTER BOOK: DEFEN!

DER

"Hello there," he said mildly.

"Remember me, Real?"

"The name escapes me." He even sounded apologetic.

"Lupe Droin."

"Oh yeah, from high school." He smiled. The gun in
her other hand didn't seem to bother him at all. "Were
you waiting for me? You won't need that gun, | promise."

"You've been doing lot of promising lately, what I hear."

"Keeping 'em, too," he replied. As she stood, she
caught a glimpse of the body in the dumpster. It was
Bike. She whistled.

"Killed Bike, huh? Heard he was coming for you?"

"Nope. I heard he raped up on Rosie Smalls."

Lupe sucked in her breath. "So you had a deal with
Rosie? Like your deal with Danita?"

"No... Rosie's mama. I don't ask for donations from
anyone under eighteen."

"Donations?" Lupe's mouth worked the word like it
was bitter. "That what you call it?"

"I can call it blood if you like. It doesn't bother me."

"Doesn't bother you? Shit Real, you're a wane
How could you..."" She couldn't finish. She couldn't
say, "How could you do that to us?"

"!'m a vampire. So what? All that means is I'm
stronger and faster than scum like Bike."

"All it means is you gotta take blood from people!"

"Yeah. Yeah I do, and they give it freely. You know
why? Because what's a little blood here? Do you know
how many women Bike raped? How many kids he
hooked — half the time because the choice was that or
a beating? Compared to all that, what's a little blood?"

Lupe shook her head in disbelief, but it was just as
Danita had said. "I give to him once a month, and he
makes sure nothing bad happens to me."

"It's a protection racket, Real. It's just another
fucking shakedown."

"It's protection, but nota racket. | gota cousin. He saw
aman get stabbed and thrown down some stairs. The guy
hit the railing and broke his back. My cousin'snine and no
one gives a fuck what he saw — that he had to see it. To
them, he's just another youth ‘at risk' in the projects, where
niggers are shooting each other all the time anyhow. ‘So
what'cha gon' do?" Well, I know what I'm gonna do."

"You were gonna be a lawyer," Lupe said, weakly.

"You know what I learned in law school? You can be
a D.A. and watch the cops put the frame on. You can
watch a kiddie raper get bounced after a nickel to make
room for more ‘at risk' youth —a kid tried as an adult to
make sure he got the full sentence for having halfa roach
hid under hisbicycle seat. Or youcan bea defense lawyer
and watch the frame from the other side, hoping and
praying for some big-time crack-lord client so you can
afford a house on the North Shore. All that Perry Mason
business? It's bullshit. The good public defender getting
the honest man off? Huh. Maybe if he's white!"

Lupe felt the need to scratch her scars, where she'd had
two tears pounded in with a ballpoint pen and a safety pin.
One for each of her years in prison. She scratched with her
shouldersoshe wouldn't have to drop the gun or the lighter.

"Shit, Lupe, you were in the slam, weren't you? You
know all this. I shouldn't have to tell you."

"You could have gotten out of here..."

"Yeah, I could have. I could have done contract law,
been a token minority, joined the white flight to Oak Park
and pretended my mamaand daddy didn't still hear gunshots
at night. But that's just because I had the strength to say ‘no'
athousand times. I grew up with kids who were just as smart,
just as good, but they all got dragged down. They said ‘okay'
just once. In here, you can't make even that one mistake."

Lupe drew in a breath to speak, but she knew it was
all true. She said ‘yes' to a good-looking guy who was into
heartbreaking and house-breaking. She knocked off a few
apartments and wound up taking the fall for him. She'd
have served a full dime if her dad hadn't spent her college
fund on a lawyer who played golf with her parole board.

Lupe's arm was loose at her side, her gun pointed
straight at the ground. Real nodded and his next words
were unexpectedly gentle.

"Lupe... | appreciate what you're trying to do. But
this is my turf now."

She nodded. He sighed, and she realized, with a
little shock, that he'd only been breathing to speak.

"I'm sorry it has to be this way, but the cops aren't
gonna do shit. The gangs are like packs of wolves fighting
overashrinking flock. Someone's got to be the shepherd."

The biblical imagery made her gorge rise.

"Take my blood and live forever? Isn't that how it works?"

He raised an eyebrow. "You know about that? That

must have been some prison." He looked at her with a
calculating eye. "I could use a good lieutenant..."

"What about Danita?"

"Danita? She's too weak by half. I mean, she's a nice girl,
don't get me wrong, but sheneedssomeone looking out for her."

"And that's you? ‘Real, the vampire hero?' Like
some old-time godfather looking out over Little Italy?"

"T guess."

"And Danita and Rosie? They're just too dumb to
take care of themselves?"

Something about her tone made him step back. "I
wouldn't say dumb as much as weak." His tone was icy.

"And I could help you with your order? What's in it for
me? Yougeta longline of snacks, but what's my percentage?"

If he'd said, ‘You get to live in a safe neighborhood,'
she might have let him go. If he'd said, ‘You'll know that
these kids can grow up without once seeing a man shot,
or stabbed, or strangled in the building they live in' —
if he'd said that, she might have gone along.

What he said was, "Join me and you never have todie."

Her reply — "Get behind me, Satan" — was drowned
out by ire. He was flung back as her bullets were joined
by those of a web designer from the west suburbs, a bricklayer
from the south side anda traveling insurance adjuster. Travis
"Real" Royal crashed against the dumpster that held his
victims. Their stolen blood flowed from a dozen holes.

When he tried to crawl away, his attackers clubbed
him with blazing torches.

"Almost had me fooled," Lupe said at last. "But this
is my turf now."


™

By Ancrt McCoy, Wayne Peacock aNd Greg Srotze


Crepirs

Authors: Angel McCoy, Wayne Peacock and Greg Stolze
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

Devil's Advocates: Mike Lee and Adam Tinworth
Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mitch Byrd, Steve Ellis, Michael Gaydos,
Brian LeBlanc

Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

4 © 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
4 Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
q 15 PARK NORTH BLVD. expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
; blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf and World of Darkness are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Hunter
the Reckoning, Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter Sur-
4 vival Guide, Hunter Book Avenger and Hunter Book Defender
WHITE WOLFE are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
PUBLISHING served. All characters, names, places and text herein are
i copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


HUY EK -B00K

Taste of Conrenrs

ProtoGue: T URF

InvRoDUCTION

Cuapven i: Hunver Origins

GuapTer 2: TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS
Cuaver 3: Our Furure

Guarver 4: Hunver Ves

Guarver 5: New Rutss

Cunrren 6: Derenpens av Large



INTRODUCTION

Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all
thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a

guard unto them.
— Ezekiel 38:7

Tue THN tine

Hunter Book: Defender is a sourcebook that helps you
develop a better understanding of the Defender creed and its
emerging role in the world of Hunter: The Reckoning. Asa
Defender, you're a family guardian, a neighborhood protector
or xenophobic recluse. Confronted with the horrific truth of
reality, you instantly and instinctively dedicate yourself to
defending and preserving the thingsand people youhold most
dear. Although your life is still important to you, you're
prepared to endanger it to ensure that important people and
ideals are preserved against monstrous tyranny. But what
makes you tick? What could be so invaluable about the world
or yourself that you are compelled to stand vigil so relentlessly
on the behalf of others, even those who don't even know or
appreciate it? This book helps you decide, to determine who
your Defender is, before and after the imbuing — and all the
creed's new powers and rules don't hurt, either.

But just as you need to better understand your own
Defender, you must understand hunter society as it emerges;
the two are inextricably intertwined. As each of the newly
imbued struggles to understand her new world, her origins
and purpose, she inevitably compares experiences, philoso-
phies and fears with chosen she encounters on the streets or
on the Internet. At first, the recently awakened latch onto
anyone who understands them; this new world is just too

terrifying to contend with alone. In time, however, as more
and more imbued dare meet and make overtures to find each
other, individuals with similar attitudes and theories are
attracted to one another and develop like-minded circles.
These nascent social groups are the foundations for what
ultimately become the hunter creeds.

Yet, during hunters' emergence, many varied imbued can
seem to have common goals. As the chosen make contact, try
to understand their mutual condition and strive to work
together, similar goals and comparable experiences can hide
fundamentally different philosophies, whether about hunter
purpose, the nature of the Messengers, or the necessary fate of
monsters. All hunters agree that the supernatural's hold on
humanity must be broken, but not everyone agrees on how to
accomplish it. Mutual experiencesand mutual values tum out
tobe two very different things. Hunters can therefore be taken.
by surprise when a fellow "defender" really proves to be a
militant redeemer or a distracted visionary. Sometimes, the
chosen aren't even sure of their own ideals until immersed
completely in the hunt.

It's only after the imbued become fully devoted to or
even obsessed with the hunt that their approaches to it
become purposeful and refined. Some become determined to
save monsters' souls. Others want to see these creatures
utterly destroyed. When this distillation is complete, the
creeds as social classifications finally arise. Defender recog-

as!


nizes Defenderand Innocent recognizes Innocent, all through
the creeds' codified values, intentions and goals in the hunt.

When will hunters achieve such social structure? It
could take months or years as the imbued struggle to
understand themselves and then one another. The fact
that so many edges seem to be shared by the chosen of
various perspectives and personalities doesn't help, ei-
ther. When creeds as institutions are finally acknowledged,
however, the hunt may finally gain the momentum it
needs to overcome the supernatural, once and for all. Or
perhaps such cumbersome and fractious divisions will be
the hunt's undoing, as the imbued fall to infighting and
politics rather than fulfilling their higher purpose.

Ultimately, the course of your chronicle and your
Storyteller's vision determine when the creeds become fully
recognized in your game. In the meantime, the development
of your Defender's identity helps define his own society.
PERSPECTIVES

The opinions, theories, information and outlooks ex-
pressed in this book are presented in three distinct "voices."
These Defender narrators typify the spectrum of personali-
ties across the creed asa whole. Each of these people presents
his or her own take on the origins, tactics, relations and
ultimate fate of Defenders, and on hunters in general.

The creed and its members' views evolve constantly
as Defenders try to define themselves in a world they no
longer understand. With no other frame of reference, the
chosen typically resort to the ideas, virtues and philoso-
phies they possessed before their transformation. No two
Defenders have the same thoughts about their origins, for
example. Thus, the questions the imbued ask of them-
selves and their world — not any specific belief system —
best illustrate their individual and collective identity.

However, bear in mind that as hunter and Defender
societies evolve, ideascan seem similar but actually have very
different origins or motivation. There's a lot of overlap
among creed perspectives. Someone who also believes in
protecting normal people might actually be a Redeemer,
Innocent, Martyr or Judge — almost any other hunter. Not
all voices in this book belong to Defenders, to represent the
blurred lines ofhuntersociety, butalso to offersome compari-
son and contrast between guardians and the other creeds.

So, afterreading this book, youshouldhaveasense of the
drives and ambitions that inspire and motivate various
Defenders. Youshould sense why these people take a resolute
stand against monsters, and what influences their relations
with other imbued. We also hope that you're inspired to fully
develop your character's identity and beliefs, to make him as
compelling as possible in his unflagging vigil.

How ro Use Tus Book

Hunter Book: Defender broadens the World of
Darkness as creed members perceive it and offers insights
into the hunter psyche. It also presents new rules and
powers for use by Defenders and possibly other creed
members. This book is therefore ideal to elaborate upon
your character, and it helps you better understand her.

Chapter 1: Hunter Origins explores the nature of
monsters, the Messengers and Defenders, and it seeks to
explain why the imbued receive their gift or curse.

Chapter 2: Trials and Tribulations covers Defenders'
unique approach to their constant struggle and the strategies
they prefer against the supernatural. As you'll see, not all
methods are well received by other creed members.

Chapter 3: Our Future presents the creed's attempt to
define its purpose and destiny in the World of Darkness.

Chapter 4: Hunter Ties describes Defenders' rela-
tions with themselves and other creeds.

Chapter 5: New Rules offers more rules, edges and
equipment for use by Defenders and perhaps by hunters
of other creeds.

Chapter 6: Defenders at Large details newly im-
bued Defenders who are ready for play. The chapter also
profiles creed members who have acquired reputations
through word of mouth.

Lexicon

As any new society or organization forms and grows,
its members tend to use words or terms suited to the
group's needs, intentions and identity. Such words help
define the circle's purpose. The Defender creed is no
exception. The following slang and phrases begin to see
common use among protectors, particularly on the vigil
email list. They may even catch on among other imbued.
Defenders or hunters in general without exposure to such
communications undoubtedly have their own terms, or
they stumble on in the dark, alone and uninformed.

bleeding hearts: A somewhat derogatory term for
hunters who seek to befriend or help monsters rather
than protect against them.

called: To be affected or influenced by the Messengers.

charge: A charge is one thing — or several — that a
Defender dedicates himself to protecting. A charge may be
a person, place, object or even an ideal (at least in theory).
Striving to ensure that a subject of protection survives the
war to enjoy a free world is a Defender's self-appointed
mission. Also, "ward," "treasure, "burden" or "custody."

The following are samples of possible charges or
treasures that protectors may uphold. These examples
are just the beginning, but they comprise the very
meaning of Defender existence.

¢ Human Charges: Organization, sibling, parent,
family, a particular gender, children, the elderly

Locational Charges: Neighborhood, town, com-
munity, specific building, domain on the Internet

© Material Charges: A library, objets d'art, histori-
cal items, a personal creation, an animal, a species

© Ideological Charges: religious belief, scientific
belief, human rights, animal rights, a particular racial
group, a nationality, a culture

defender: Guardians have not settled on this term,
although it becomes increasingly popular among the
wider hunter community. Defenders refer to themselves


simply as hunters and occasionally as "protectors,"
"guards" or "champions."

kamikazes: A certainly derogatory term for hunters
who sacrifice themselves wantonly and aimlessly in the
hunt, without preserving anything in the process.

recluse: A protector who has gone over the edge
and who isolates herself, preferring to protect someone
or something "outside the bounds" of normal society.

runaways: A demeaning term for people who wit-
ness monsters or events at an imbuing, but who fail to
stand their ground.

watch, the: Defenders' purpose and direction in the
war. Also called "the mission" or "the calling."

Guarpians, Nov Masocuisrs
This book is dedicated to the Defender creed. When

you create or play your Defender character, remember
one important thing that differentiates her from other
creeds, particularly Martyrs: Your character is not a mas-
ochist! Before they're imbued, Defenders tend to be
people who value something in life as much as they value
life itself, be it family, an ethic, a culture, a locale, a
creation, a possession or a community. When these
people confront the monstrous reality of the world, their
first response is typically not to destroy, negotiate or

inquire. They protect something, whether it's that which
they cherished most before, or anything else they now
deem worth preserving in the face of evil. In some

instances, such protection may even mean destroying,
negotiating or making inquiries, but usually only insofar
as guarding someone or something goes.

Yes, Defenders stand in harm's way. Yes, they put
their lives on the line for others. They do not do so
recklessly, though. Defenders draw a line, dare the enemy
to cross it, and fight savagely to ensure that monsters pay
the price. However, no victory is won if no one is left to
enjoy it. Defenders understand that there are times to
fight and times to retreat. They plan and plot, and when
their schemes fail, they know to give ground in hopes of
fighting again another day. Sometimes that means per-
sonal prizes are lost, but others remain under guard and
can still be preserved. Defenders thus approach their
cause intellectually. They hope to achieve their goals but
often know when they can't be won.

Martyrscanseem similar to Defenders and soshould be
differentiated for clarity. Martyrs also put their lives on the
line. They also seek to protect other people, objects and
places. In simplistic terms, the difference between Martyrs
and Defenders is that the former tend to give of themselves
with careless, even suicidal, abandon. They might react to
a threat without a plan or objective, simply throwing
themselves at the enemy and hoping for the best. They're

INTRODUCTION

inspired emotionally to make internal sacrifices. They
don't intellectually rationalize the defense or sacrifice of
external things such as loved ones or possessions.

Martyrs' disregard for self gives them power; an
opponent must match their passion if it hopes to prevail.
It's that very willingness that separates Martyrs from
Defenders, however. Martyrs are prepared to give them-
selves for the cause, whereas Defenders are prepared to
give up a charge in hopes of being around to save many
more. Defenders constantly seek to dodge and deflect
blows to wear down the enemy. Martyrs are prepared to
invite the enemy's fangs and claws so that no one else
can be hurt.

So, when you create and play your Defender, keep her
goals in mind at all times. She protects and preserves them
whenevershe can, butguardians know toretreatforthe greater
good rather than entreat death in every little conflict.

Source MaveRiAat

There are all kinds of movies, books and comics
available that capture the compassion, determination
and sometimes feverish resilience of Defenders. Obvi-
ously, these sources aren'tall about Defenders or fighting
monsters, but some of their characters or subject matter
come damn close. Just imagine monsters as the enemy.

Aliens: The ultimate kick-ass movie about mother-
hood. It's a battle to see whose maternal urges are
stronger, the alien queen's or Ripley's.

The Guardian: Louis Gossett Jr. plays an ex-military
man hired to protect building tenants from criminals.
It's kinda over the top, but the dependence that Gossett
elicits from the tenants makes him a likely Defender
wacko. The modern urban setting is pretty gritty, too.

Strange Days: The epitome of the World of Dark-
ness. Lenny loves Faith and wants to save her from evil.
Meanwhile, Mace loves Lenny and wants to save him
from himself. Both "Defenders" lose people along the
way, but love is still preserved in the end.

The Terminator: Ignore the fact that Reese is from the
future. He's a regular guy on a self-appointed mission to
save Sarah Connor, his secret love, from an irresistible
killing machine. Reese (and Sarah) have to improvise all
kinds of weapons along the way, just as any resourceful
hunter would. The shitty setting is all about the World of
Darkness, too.

Terminator 2: Dismiss Arnold as a hunter candidate.
Too many muscles and guns to be human, even if his
CPU is a neural-net processor. But Sara Connor's hu-
man and determined efforts to protect her son make her
an ideal Defender. Now imagine that your loved-one
"sides" with the enemy and brings him to meet you!

Whatis it with James Cameron movies and Hunter?


ee w-
—,> Rie
he ore | v AS A

AX ae
aia S&S ee

V oe
QO Yaar


CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins
for ever, sat down on the right hand of God

— Hebrews 10:12

Same as iy Ever Was

To: vigillist@hunter-net.org
From: coach!
Subject: The First?

It's strange that we're so new to this game. | mean, there
are a few websites and lists devoted to what we do. All of our
lives have been turned upside-down by the things we've been
confronted with and can do. Many of us try to share what we've
learned. We suspect that the things we've seen have been
around a long time. All these changes and revelations in such a
short period of time, and yet we all seem so new to the truth.
It's almost hard to believe that this is a new thing.

| mean, I've met a half-dozen people like us in and around
Atlanta alone, and probably three times that many online,
scattered around the world. Yet. the one who seems most
capable and claims to have seen the most was "called just a few
months ago. Most of us seem to have a couple months'
awareness — from my perience ,just enough time to recognize
that you're not insane, but the world certainly is.

| can't think this is the first time that people like us have
been called. Someone or something is pissed or hungry or both.
Someone has picked up the starter's gun and fired a shot that
we've all heard. Ready or not.

You can only carry that metaphor so far. though. We're not
all out for ourselves, damn the consequences. If we get to the
finish line over the bodies of the unwitting and defenseless,
what have we won? The best of us know that we're here for
a reason — to protect those who cannot protect themselves.

I'm no college professor or preacher. but look back at the
stories we all grew up on, of people who defended the weak: the
policeman, the nurse. the Good Samaritan. You might as well throw
in Superman, NYPD Blue and John Wayne, too!

In short. we must be older than we think. Perhaps, just as
stories of heroes are told, re-packaged and told again, so have
we come and gone. Slap me if I'm getting too new-agey on you,
but what's to say others didn't fight this fight before? If they

did, | guess our next question would be: Did we win or lose?

Basrards
From: hannibal1 37
To: vigillist@hunter-netorg
Re: Bastard Children
Who all agrees with me that we're the bastard children of what-
ever the hellis going on here? I mean, let's say we're not the first to see
what we door to be able to do what we do. That means the ones who
me before got fucked and are dead or they're out there still and we
don't know about them. If they do exist, they sure as hell haven'tcome
knocking on our doors with any kind of friendly welcome. you know?
Sot wakes us the bastard children. The red-headed stepchildren.
ones that everybody says look like the mailman.
. e, thatif there were others before us, then they either
anything to do with us or they're dead. If they're dead, then

ot steps" will mean going straight to the grave. Whatever any
old fuckers did, it obviously didn't work. Who cares who donated the
sperm for us? Who cares who our ancestors were? Fact is, they're
gone and wee left holding the bag. Oh. and in case you didn't know,
| heard John Wayne was a fag. What do you have to say about that?

a ef


Kezping rns Peace
From: dole7
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Those Who Came Before and Rough Trade

Coach, youmake some good points. Think about
how many times we have heard stories of heroes who
pop up for the fight, but never live long enough to see

| the goodies, like King Arthur or even Moses.

Neither ended up that well did they? Because of

eir own screw-ups, neither made it to Paradise. I
"wonder if we will do the same? Not that I am claiming
tobe a knight of the Round Table in shining armour,
"just because | am a Brit! That is all crap.

Inprincipal, I agree with Hannibal. | donot much
care — for all I can see, we got the shaft but good.

Asto Hannibal's queer question, | do not know.
I do not sit around and wonder about who is a
Johnny. Spend your time however you like, mate.
But I do know when one's cruising for a bit of this
and that, or when some thick bloke is cruising for a
fight. Sit down and have another beer, Hannibal.
Save yourself for a real struggle.

This seems to be a good time to talk about a
point of conduct. It comes down to this: I do not
want to waste time policing the list. If it does not
have to do with our task, fighting to protect what is

ours, keep it to yourself.

Firs From HEAVEN

I can only name the force that's changed me God. Whether
that God is a white man on a golden throne doesn't really
matter. | wish | knew, though. It'd make things a lot simpler.

Im often envious of people like Crusader. Everything seems
so easy for him Find a couple of quotes from the Bible saying you're
an avenging angel, some quick beliefs to excuse thought and there's
all the explanation you need: "Kill them all and let God sort them out."

Since when did God not want us to think? Or question?

| have to admit, since the angels called me, | go to church
more often than | used to. I've even bought a study Bible hoping
to find out if this voice in my head is His.

Other than my gut feelings. what do | have to go on? | have
the handfuls of phrases I've heard and the visions I've seen
urging me to act, to put myself between people and trouble
Then there are the bizarre things I've done. The things me and
my associate Dana have done almost always seem to be about
energy or light. So | looked up occurrences of fire in the Bible.
Not unexpectedly, there are give a few — about fifteen. If you
want to look at a few try Znd Kings 6.17. Isaiah 9.18 or Ist
Corinthians 3.13. Take your pick. Fire can mean almost anything
from the power of God to the Holy Sprit to God's blessing — or
maybe His condemnation or the literal flames of Hell.

With somany unanswered questions and so little to go on, how
do | understand myself, what's made me what | am, and why? Well,
one quote from the Bible stands out to me. And as we go about
recognizing what Dole proposes as our society or "creed" this
excerpt is even more appropriate. Whether you're Christian or not,

take a look at Ist Corinthians 3.13, Apostle Paul's letter to the
early Christians of Corinth. It was written when there were few
faithful. Paul urges them to keep the faith. unify their purpose and

build the Church. [T]he work of each builder will..be revealed by
fire, and the fire will test what sort of work each has done."

Like the early believers, we too must stick together. We
won't survive alone and isolated. But the early Christians were
building a religion. Our "work' is not a structure like a physical
church, but the people of the world. My "work" is embodied by
the things and people | protect. If we work together, that means
our work is humanity as a whole.

Subject: Fire from Heaven
From: dzidzat155
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org

When waschanged, I saw myselfaflame. Though
it terrified me at first, there was no pain. And even
though I was frightened, the urge to save myself
passed quickly when I realized that others near me
were in terrible danger themselves.

When I think about that night, | am allowed
some chance to consider what happened to me. I ask
why fire? I am not so sure as to its _moral_ message.
Tam from Hong Kong. | am nota Christian, sol hope
what! have to say does not offend. I merely offer it as
an alternative in our discussion.

From what I know of Feng Shui, I know that fire
is active, filled with energies. I feel the flames were a
symbol of the great transformation I underwent, rather
than some sign from heaven of our mission's meaning.

This is not to say that we do not have purpose or
that we should not search for purpose in what we must
do, simply that there is not one answer. China's myths
and legends do not fit together neatly. We are children
of at least four great heritages. No, five. (See our
difficulty?) We have the great myths and legends of our
ancestors, from Taoist tradition to the insights of the
Buddha. Measure against those the political thought
and practicality of Confucius. And for those of us in
Hong Kong are the influences of Christian govern-
ments and the ways of the mainland's Communism.

As you can see, there is not one way here. Our
culture has a hundred creation myths, a thousand
gods with a fiery aspect. So, I do not see the flame as
more than a hint to our nature.

I would be reserved in making judgments about
our calling. Our fate will be revealed in time.

Itis through patience that I know the voice that calls
me. It is that of my grandfather. Only he would call me
Dzi Dzat, "folded paper," after the little paper symbols of
money sold to people for good luck. I remember sitting
beside him at his seventy-first birthday as they brought
him his dinner. He said, "Dzi Dzat, you may eat of my
share. Of all my grandchildren, only you come to see me
every afternoon. Only you bring me the candies that my
doctor says! can no longerhave. Only you look upon this jf
wrinkled face with love and do not tun away. For that I
give you this honor." My face burned with pride.

He died just before I left to study in the United States.

But I know his voice when I hear it today. |


Certainly the death of creatures is necessary at times, as
so many are quick topoint out, but | don't think that is my - our
~ primary mission. The head count of monsters slain won't
matter when we're called to a reckoning. The still-beating
hearts of those we've protected will be what matters.

A Vous in vue Darkness

To oursinel 13
From: coach!
Subject: A Voice in the Darkness

Yeah, something is up. I'm surprised you noticed. and thanks for
letting me vent personally. | don't want Hannibal's comments on this

I made a mistake Tuesday. | grabbed my wife's cell phone
instead of mine. Not a big deal? It meant she had mine. A time
bomb was ticking and | didn't even know it.

| always thought Claire might find out if. God forbid, one of
the monsters ever found out who | was and tracked me home.
That's why I hunt in a city 25 miles away from where | live. | lie
to my wife and tell her I'm going to school three nights a week.

| wasn't out hunting that night. | brought Dana. an ally. over
to my grandparent's old garage that I've been using in Atlanta
She needed a place to crash since her life had collapsed around
her ears. Anyway. we were discussing what to do about a
target we'd encountered when /Dana's/ phone rings. That's
when the time bomb exploded

Claire had hit the speed dial on /my/ phone.

"You want to speak to who?" Dana said. "Chad? Yeah, he's
right here."

Without thinking. Dana handed me the phone.

That's when it hit us what had happened. Dana and I just sat
there. a half-eaten pizza between us. and maps of the Pleasant Hill

cemetery sabe over the table. | reached for the 1¢ and mm
hand was already shaking Claire had hung up by the time | said hello
| gave Dana a key to the garage and left.

When | got home, the house was dark. | went to the
bedroom and Claire was pretending to be asleep, facing the
wall. | sat down on my side

She spoke without looking up: "Are you having an affair?"

| started to answer, "God no, honey..."

"| called the college. You're not enrolled," she said.

| probably should have just shut up or told her the truth,
but | didn't. "I don't know if | can explain right now, but I'm not
having an affair. Dana is just a friend."

She said, "Two lies in one night are a little more than | can
take right now, Chad!"

With all the pressure I'd been under. | started to get mad.
"Shit, Claire 1."

"Don't wake Ben!" she said to me, almost hissing. Then she
rolled over to face me and pulled out the big guns. "He misses
you when you're not here...

All| could think to say was, "] don't know what else to tell
you, but I'm not having an affair!"

She rolled back to face the wall.! got up and walked out, furious.

| remember thinking "Screw the angels or God or whatever is
torturing me" | walked past Ben's room and | heard him rustling around.

He's almost outgrown his crib. The covers had come off his
legs. He's hot natured like me and kicks them off. but he calls out
Se he gets cold.| try to get up on bs when I'm not too tired.
| find him sitting up. groggy. swaying. He doesn't know why he's up.

"Shssh night time is for sleep!" | said. He leaned against my arms.
I ay him down. covered him up and he went back to sleep. All it takes
is a hand on the back and my voice and everything is all right for him.


| watched him sleep for some time. My wife started crying
in our room. | put my hand on Ben's back and felt the rise and
fall of his breathing.

The night's not for sleep anymore is it, Oursine? Not for us.

| wish the angels would come to me now. Give me some
power to make things right. | don't know what to do. How
can | protect against the things I'm forced to see day and
night without destroying my family. the thing | want to
save most?

Are we children to the angels, crying in the darkness, half-
asleep? Do they know the horrors were going through?

Do they care?

From: oursinell3
To: coach4l
Subject: Re: A Voice in the Darkness

Oh, mon cher ami. My heart has pain for you. You
must remember yourself that you are not alone. |
know many others who have also known the same.
We try so much to protect those that we love. but
some times, we can not. You must talk to your wife.
You have nothing to lose. The truth perhaps will save
your marriage. If you continue to lie, she willknow. The
women feel when their husbands have strayed.
whether it is to another woman or toa secret life. You
risk to lose her if you do not tell the truth, but you risk
to lose her also if you do. You love her. She loves you
You risk less by telling the truth.

And also, you do not have to tell the truth exactly,
oul? You can make her to understand without reveal-
ing all that you know. Dana is a policier, oui? So, explain
to your wife that you are helping the police in secret.
Tellher the truth, but inamanner that willnot make her
to think you are crazy. You are smart. You will find the
words. I wish you some good luck.

Tuost Wuo Came BrFors

Why me? I'm not special. I'm a high school history teacher
and ex-coach whose marriage and career are on the rocks.
What's so special about me?

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
| From: tarjiman220
bject: Re: To Serve and Protect
Tamnot Sufi, but] wonder that our task isa matter
karma. Perhaps we were the servants or even the
joners of the demons. I have had horrible dreams
late where I am the beast tearing the flesh from my
nilies bones and this has brought me to a terrible
tevelation. Perhaps we were demons ina previous life.
If this makes sense, why burden the souls of our
friends and families with the deeds we must perform
and the sacrifices we must make. I wonder if we all have
done great evil and are now being asked to repay the
debt of our sins by fighting what we aided previously.
This does not explain why only recently we have
‘begun to exist. Perhaps the evil of this world has just
become too great. Perhaps there were always a few of
us. We just have not met our elders yet.
Like dzidzat, I say patience and prayer will reveal
the truth to us. Evil walks like a man. If it comes to
us while we hope for truth, we shall still face it.

Can anyone become a hunter. be imbued? Maybe not. Dana
says that three other ps were there when she confronted the
thing that woke her up. She was the only one who stood her ground.

What seems likely to me is that some of us are capable, but
we have to be in the right situation to get the call — or to hear
it.If that's true, maybe there are a lot of ‘players" waiting on the
sidelines,not even aware that they're suited up and ready to play.

So why me and why now. not later? Sometimes | think back
to when | was young, standing up for others.

"STAND

That's the first thing the voices told me. I've been thinking
about it a lot.

When | was in grade school | had a friend named Dave who
was hyperactive. | felt sorry for him because the other kids
picked on him, but | wasn't drawn to him out of pity. My family
had just moved and | was an outsider, too. Dave was the only one
who tried to help me. The teacher saw that | played with him,
so she put me in charge of taking him to get his medicine each
day after lunch. They gave him speed. (Believe it or not, that's
what they give to hyperactive kids to calm them down)

Each day we had to run a gauntlet from the swing set to
the nurse's office — past all the kids who would laugh and call
Dave names. Most of the time | just talked louder. trying to
drown them out and keep Dave's attention on me, but Dave
could never focus on me for long. He'd eventually look at the
other kids and then look at the ground, ashamed.

One day, | had enough. Frank Kinkead, a real uly bastard,
was screaming names in Dave's ear. | pushed Frank away and
that started a fight. Frank betty much beat me up and the
principle punished us both. But after that, the insults never
came like before. Sure, some kids still poked fun — kids are kids
— but there was no more gauntlet EP palit tS ar

| stood up. Maybe somebody was watching then, taking notice.

I'm not on a saint kick | was no more of a saint at nine than | am
at 35,but it still seems like I'm supposed to stand up for people who can't
or maybe even won't. Ironically, something about the intensity of some
of our allies just doesn't strike me as right. They remind me sometimes
of kids like Frank, ready to fight with the slightest provocation and
perhaps anal good reason. | know I'm not like them, but was |
created to stop them or to stop the worse bullies, the monsters?

Tax Tas Gur Away

There is a moment in the life of evenyone when you
begin to wonder yourself if you have lost your mind.
Sitting in my little white chambre, the one with the bed
Of metal and the locked door, the bars on the window
and the single chair of wood. | wondered myself. My
initiation, you see, put me in the psychiatric ward. |
made the erreur of to tell to people what | had seen. |
suppose that I should rewind and restart at the debut. It
is not a pretty stony. If | leamed anything in my cell, it
was that to talk helped, but only with those who had
received also the calling.

At that time. | worked at the newspaper in my petit
village. | wrote about meetings at the Haétel de Ville and
local fétes. My story the mast exciting was entrusted to
me only because the experienced reporter of the paper
was on holiday. It involved the impromptue visit of a
political speaker who called himself Andrew Von Braun.
With my tape recorder and my photographer with me, |
went to the Hétel des Fleurs where Von Braun had prom-
ised togiveaconference. Allwasgoingsmoothly, at first.
| asked some intelligent questions and received some
intelligent answers. Von Braun smiled at me directly.

And then, reality shook. A flash exploded in my face,
blinding me temporarily. My head began to pound. | pre-
pared myself for to yell at the clumsy photographer, but


when my vision was cleared. |saw something that made
me abandon completely that intention.

Von Braun continued to speak, but | understand
nothing of what he was saying. His voice dragged, came
Out deeper, slow. like a recording on low speed. His body
was shadowed in an aura of darkness, and his eye sock-
ets looked like holes of empty blackness with just a
pinprick of light at their centers. | could not breathe. The
room felt to me heavy. It suffocated me.

| combated my panic and looked around myself. |
wondered why no one else worried themselves. The
crowd was looking at Von Braun with some mesmerized
expressions. Their lips moved in silence with his. The
words he spoke dic not sound to me like they once did.
Now they sounded as proclamations of hatred. That,
more than nothing else, frightened me.

| remember a white luminescence that shined on
me, like a spotlight, but it was coming from a source
unrecognizable. For an instant, the voice of Von Braun
became clear, and the words that were coming from his
mouth did not match the movements of his lips. It was
avoice of the purest evil. He announced. "I RAVAGE THE
FLOCK THAT HAS NO SHEPHERD."

His proclamation echoed in my head, and | passed
several seconds in confusion. | knew somehow that the
well-being of the people there rested in my hands. |
knew without doubt that Von Braun was some sort of
madman, that his words andhiswillwere provokinghate
Inthese people. And then, Von Braun opened his mouth
for to laugh and | saw his teeth, long, white fangs. The
laughter exited in slow, too. It rumbled. It made me
nauseous. The sound was as black as his tonque. This,
then. was my moment of truth. Without thinking. | ran
directly to the stage. | combated the crowd. and | am
certain that | yelled. The rest passed quickly.

1 do not know how, but | ignited the curtains. |
knocked over a spotlight, | believe. The fire spread
rapidly on the thick velvet. | was not noticing it imme-
diately, but it broke the reverie of the crowd. Screams
and shouts echoed around me. | tried to approach Von
Braun, but then!sawan old woman inawheelchair. She
was trying to turn herself for to escape the flames.
Immediately, | forgot Von Braun and went to help her.

"Get out." someone shouted. A woman
screamed nearby.

| abandoned Von Braun, oui. Many among you will
censure me for this, but me, | thought that the endan-
gered audience was my primary worry. | braved the
smoke and the flames for to help the people to leave the
building. The smoke became more thick. It had angny
faces in it that | fought to ignore. | saved the old woman
and a young boy who could not move for fear. During a
long time after, lwaited outside and watched the firemen
who were spraying water on the blackened ruins. All the
people exited with their lives, but it took me a very long
time to reconcile my quilt. [had started the fire. I knew it,
but no one could identify me as it. | questioned myself
whether | had truly saved those people or if |had caused
theirdanger. But the light and the voice rested clear inmy
memory.

| vowed to myself to reassure that Von Braun
would never return to my village. | wrote the article
that they never published. In it. | described him ex-
actly as [had seen him. | do not know why | expected
that someone else would substantiate it. | do not
know why | expected they would believe me. | pre-
sumed that I was not the only one to experienced
what I did. Now | know | was alone with the weight of
responsibility on my shoulders. | did what | had to do.

When they told me they would publish not the
article, | fought. | screamed and | cursed.

They locked me in a hospital. They called it a break-
down. They said | had some delusions and some
tendencies of suicide. They stole me three months ofmy
life while they tried to make me sane. That which they did
not know, and that which | did not know. was that | was
more sane than the most of them. | had seen the truth.
Only in retrospect dol understand that the voice was my
interieur self. woken by thenew knowing that !had found.
Idoanot know why itis happened. Idonot understand why
myinteneur chose that moment toassert itself, butlam
content for the chance to retum friendship to my com-
munity and save them frorn the monster who, that
night. stalked them without mercy.

Even now. in rereading these memoires, | can not
stop myself from thinking that | must sound mad.
Happily, | found others like myself, like you. who helped
me toknow without any doubt that !see withsome clear
eyes and that lamright. Ihave gone toanewhorme. Itry
to guard the malignant monstres at bay here. In full
day, I mix with my neighbors. | smile when | see them to.
embrace their spouses and to play with their children.
Me, Iknow that | will never have the simple life like then,
but I know also that | quard their security and happiness:
every time that I protect therm from the monstres. Ido
so without regret.

Fromhannibal1 37
To: vigillist@hunter-netorg
Re: Re: Why me?

Why me? Ill tell you why. Because God or whatever knows I'm the
omeriest SOB there is. Once | dig in my heels, you can just forget changing
my mind or getting me to quit. 'm the stink on shit.

Besides, llikemmy new "psychic friends" powers, like the one |call Fuck
Off.Iflickitonand the monsters can'tcome forme.Sometimes, iflletthem
get real close first. like five or ten feet. it actually knocks them on their ass!

Now. can we move onto something that counts? For instance, |
saw one of those homebuilding shows — there ain't much to watch at
3,00 am. Anyway. this show was about improving the environment by
disposing of household chemicals safely. Don't have time for that crap
usually, but as an example this guy pours a little brake fluid on a pile of
chlorine like what you get for a poo! filter. Blam! The shit goes up like
white phosphorus, and here's the sauce for the goose — it releases
chlorine gas! | figure this would make a great trap, especially if the
monsters are real vulnerable to fire or they still need to breathe.

Now, for a real question to you all, will brake fluid eat through a
balloon or condom? | want to figure out some way to combine the
two chemicals ina trap. Of course, you don't want to be around when
these two get together. When someone hits a tripwire, it releases the
balloon filled with break fluid. The balloon falls and hits something
sharp,just to make sure it pops. You've already spread chlorine around
whatever breaks the balloon. You see what I'm getting at?

You could drive a couple of nails though a board, then pile the
chlorine pool stuffup over the nails, makingamound. When the monster
hits the tripwire, the balloon falls. The brake fluid and chlorine mix
instant fried and gassed monster!

Great idea, huh?

To Serve an Prorecr

It's hard to believe it hasn't even been three months since
all this began. | can't think back to that day without realizing
how much I've lost since. My wife's trust. The respect of my co~
workers. Almost everything | valued before has been ruined or

is about to slip through my fingers.
But | will continue my watch, even if the folks | protect
think (know?) I'm crazy.


HUNT ER BOOK:

It was fall, October 7th. We traveled to Parker High near
Dacula. (No, that's how it's spelled. Look it up) | was still the
cross-country coach then. Most history teachers have to do
something else to keep a job these days. It was the final race
and Tim, a freshman, hadn't come back. | told the rest of the
team to wait on the grass as | ran the course from end to
beginning, hoping to find him resting by the edge of the trail.

| was about a quarter of the way through. in a small group of
pine trees near the back of the school when | heard a groan or
something off to the right. At first | thought the girl was trying
to help him. She was so engrossed in her "work" that she didn't hear
‘me coming until | was on them.

| yelled his name and she turned to look at me. There was no
shock.no trace of any emotion on her face. From where | stood. | saw
that she had a rope around Tim's neck He'd managed to get one hand
through the noose. His fingers were blue and swollen and the skin of
his neck was torn and bleeding

"What the hell is going on here? Stop it!" | yelled. | don't
know if my imagination has edited this over time, but | think she
cracked a smile at the "h" word. The girl stood up. That's when
| realized her clothes were torn and filthy. as if she'd been living
abandoned in the woods for years. Her hair was all matted and
greasy, and her skin was almost white. sickly in contrast to the
dirt smears on her face. She couldn't have been more than five
feet tall, yet she held the rope around Tim's neck easily in one
hand, slinging him around like a backpack.

She glanced at my track sweats. "Hi. coach!"

With each word, maggots rolled out of her mouth. | stumbled
back from her and landed in the pine straw. | was dazed and |
guess she would have come to finish me of f, but Tim struggled and
she turned her attention to him.

| almost ran, but | swear | felt something on my shoulder, like
the hand of my dad. and | heard a voice, "ST; THE DAMNED
CANNOT BEAR THE RIGHTEOUS."

"Get the fuck away from him!" | screamed.

| felt something hot rush out of me. It was as if hit the
Forfar rid ral het: evvay from Th end re oy ea

I'm no idiot. | grabbed him and ran. As | carried him out of
the woods, | think she tried to get at us, but something kept her
back. She must have run off as soon as we were in the clearing.
All the other coaches and kids ran for us as soon as we came out.

Iwas ahero for exactly a day-and-arhalf. Then the police hauled
me in for questioning. | wasn't stupid enough to tell them that a five
foot-tall girl manhandled a 140-pound high school track star.
Much less that she put me on my ass./ told them the would-be killer
es cd an cr tah ie oft soe se sey | gave cs
vague a description as possible. Thank God | stuck to it. Timnever saw
anything. or if he did his pride didn't let him say so.

The cops had the rope from Tim's neck, but they found no
footprints of a big man in the woods. In fact, the only footprints
they found were from Tim and me. The only thing that saved my
butt from court was that the detectives said any rope held tight
enough to do that to Tim would have cut the hands of the
assailant. Mine were clean.

That didn't stop them from hauling me in three more times
for questioning, though — once in the middle of a school day. I+
didn't stop them from searching my house, taking my computer.
grilling my wife on our private life, and interviewing the whole
track team to see if | had ever made sexual advances on them.

In the end, | was asked to step down from being coach. Hell.
the only reason the school even kept me on was that I had "tenure."

They never caught the creature.

Know Taine Enemy

When it comes right down to it, we don't know what we're
up against in this new world we've been exposed to. | can't say
how dangerous that is. A good coach finds out everything
possible about the opposing side, learning its strengths and

weaknesses. Way | see it, one of our first tasks on this list is to
pool our information on the things we face. How else can we
save our friends and families?

Man-Beasrs

Dana is my only contact who has any real experience with
these things. According to her, they're the reason she changed.
She hasn't told me her full story, but | assume she knows more
about them. She has claimed two surprising things about these
creatures. She fought one in Atlanta, so don't assume you're
safe in town. | guess that they come in to find victims, maybe
when prey in the wilds gets scarce or boring or something.

The amazing thing is that they apparently have some kind of
mind control. Normal folk can't remember seeing them. People's
descriptions of events get confused. Not too surprising, since
they're scared out of their minds. And that raises an important
point: We all know the dangers of talking about our watch to people
who don't /know/. Oursine's experiences are proof of that. But in
the case of marrbeasts, Dana says you have to stay tightlipped. No
one cai. back up your story, even if they saw one.

| suggest that these creatures be last on our hit list. unless
you stand directly between one and the person it wants. Cities
are already full of enough creatures. Once we secure the places
where we live. we can worry about the things in the woods. |
guess that's what the angels have in mind We seem to be
capable of dealing with rots and zombies. | have a hard time
believing we have the power to take on shapechangers on their
own turf.

Wirenes

Not all "creatures" are monsters. | know a few other hunters
who would kick my butt for saying that. but it's true. Bookworm55
calls them witches or warlocks. The one | know is a /priest/, and
he sometimes works in a soup kitchen. More importantly, he helped
me save Dana from a rot.(Well. we thought it was a rot) | call him
Father X, for lack of a batter name.

My church was one of the sponsors of a multi-denomina-
tional service. Basically. we helped other churches with their
charity work. That's how | met the warlock. | helped him in the
soup kitchen. At first | didn't know what to think. | had only made
the change recently. There | am serving food, when | suddenly just
know that he's /wrong/. Not just odd, but /not human/. | ran out
of the building. Once | got enough distance and calmed down, |
thought about what | saw. Here was a priest, making food for the
poor and talking about God. No magic, no spells, no demons. When
| came back, he came near and asked if | was all right. 1 was
nervous, and | think he knew that | knew, but he invited me to talk
if | needed to, like his religious calling was more important than
everything that was wrong about him.

Strangely, it was one of Dana's missions that brought me
back there. She had trailed a creature, the murderer of a drug
dealer, to an old van parked not far from the Five Points
MARTA station. She convinced me to help her. Even criminals
need tobe protected frommonsters,right? She wanted me touse
my special ability to keep the beast in the van while she killed it.

| knew the soup kitchen was nearby, so | resolved to see
the priest before | met Dana. | guess it was stupid, but |
figured he maioht know something about the creature. | didn't
have time to be subtle. | stink at that, anyway. So when | got
him away from the food line. | just told him | knew he wasn't
human. His eyes bugged out and | got the feeling something /
bad/ was going to happen. | told him to calm down, that | just
wanted information about the monster we were after. | don't
know which revelation shocked him more, but he didn't know
a damn thing. | blew whatever cover we both /thought/ we
had, and for nothing.

| don't know why, but he wanted to come with me. | thought
of Dana's reaction and said no. | just turned and walked out into
the rain, frustrated and confused. | guess father X followed.
Thank God, as it turns out.


I met Dana at the MARTA station. She went over her plan
and we headed off.! was soaked by the time we reached the
van at an abandoned gas station.

She flung open the door and | concentrated on the same
feeling | had that day when | saved Tim, but the plan fell apart right
away. This thing wasn't like the shambling monster we'd faced
before, and it wasn't alone. There were three black guys sorting
plastic bags. Full of coke. | guess. They all had guns. Meanwhile, the
rot seemed to just turn into ash that fell to the van floor.

| thought maybe we had killed it somehow. We weren't so
lucky with the crooks. The rot's friends seemed as shocked as
we were at their ally's "death," but the shooting started all the
same. | ran around the right side of the van. Dana got hit in the
hand before she slammed the doors of the van and went around
the left side. We both ran into the Father, standing at the front
of the van ~ praying,

"Do you smell gas?" he asked. calmly. He pointed at pools of
what had to be rainwater under the van.

Dana screamed, "Who the hell is this?" Even with her
wound, she held up a tire iron, ready to brain him

"Light it." the Father said.

"It's water." | stammered.

"You know this, this..." Dana couldn't finish, shocked that |
seemed to have been associated with a witch.

A bullet shattered the windshield, showering us in glass.
We dropped flat behind the concrete footings of the missing
gas pumps.

Smiling. Father X looked at Dana. "! think these old pump
seals are leaking. Trust me." he said.

Dana glared at me.| stared right back at her. "Trust him.
We don't have time!"

CHAPTER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

The van door flew open.

The blood and rainwater on Dana's glove sizzled as she
gripped the tire iron. She seemed to ignore the pain. Father X
fell backward at the sight, a shocked look on his face. He rose
and ran as Dana reached around our barricade and touched the
iron to a puddle. Flames immediately coursed toward the van.
I+ exploded and lit up the block. | felt the heat all around me, but
somehow we were safe behind the low concrete barrier.

Later that night. Dana asked for the Father's name while |
bandaged her hand. reminded her that he saved our lives. That was
all she needed to know, whether she liked it or not. She didn't. but who
else did she have to turn to but me?

Understand that | don't trust in every creature | meet, but
| try to give them a chance to prove themselves.! figure it's like
visiting the zoo. Most of the time the cages that keep us
separated from the animals are for the best.! don't plan to pull
every tiger's tail
From: hannibal 137

Dhunter-netorg

You know what's wrong with the story of your holy buddy,
Coach? First of all, you got no idea what the fuck his motives were for
helping." Maybe he was testing you to see just how stupid you are.
Maybe he was distracting you so his rot buddy could get away while
you and that Dana chick were debating whether or not to listen to him.
Mayt figured you were just a regular guy and he expected you to
die. Y ver figure on that? Maybe it wasn't Father Fucking X that
mad 2 van blow, but it was you or Dana.

Give these dickheads a chance to prove themselves and all they're
going to dois prove how quick your blood flows. You trusted the guy, but


FENDER

maybe he was wait
| trustis me and rr

Tue Wacning Deap

I'm sure I'm not the only one to notice that most discussions
of monsters on the lists are about rots. There seem to be a lot
of them compared to other creatures, and they appear in
number instead of alone. Maybe the walking dead are the
servants of the others? | don't know.

or you to bend¢
am. You should tak

| have another idea. Perhaps the reason we fight the dead
on Earth is that the angels want us to "cut our teeth" on them.
so to speak They're forming a team and want to know who makes
the cut. For my part, | remember that day, saving Tim, and I find
the resolve | need to beat the things again. Are the angels looking
for people with enough determination? Does having it mean you
destroy enough zombies, only to move up to the next "division, up
against beodickers witches or maybe even the marrbeasts?

From what | can tell, trying to categorize "rots" "shamblers" or
even "vampires" is almost useless. Bookworm seems to believe, just
because vampires look like us and need to "feed. that they must be
alive somehow. | don't think so. All of them are dead. That's all we need
to know. They're dead and they shouldn't/be/. If they prey upon
people to fake being alive, then we have to save people from them.

It's not that | want to move up to the angels' "big leagues" If
these are the minors, | couldn't bear any more. But we can't sit and
wonder whether something has the best intentions when it
victimizes someone who's alive. At least Father X lives and breathes.

Vampires
I was in the shower this morning when my cracked rib... don't

know.. It felt like it popped back into place. Claire was still sleeping,
| had to bite the washcloth to cover my scream. Maybe it's

that we haven't been close lately. She would have seen the huge

bruise where the thing hit me.| don't know how | recover so quickly,
but | thank God that | can.

I knew that by Monday | would go back to work with little
more than a sore chest. It's the other wounds that really take their
toll on my sanity and life. | stood there, shaking in a hot shower at
the mere thought of it. If we hadn't been headed to church, | would
have bailed and stayed home. It's impossible sometimes to act
normal anymore. Almost impossible to get up after nights like that
and go about my life. But after | do the ‘normal" things - go to work,
mow the grass — I'm always a little stronger.

Earlier | asked if they won or lost when hunters fought this
battle before. The answer is clear. The monsters won, just like
they did last night at the cemetery.

| had only "worked" with Evan one other time, but Dana
vouched for him and had even showed him my garage. She said
Evan was running away from some bad fallout in Jacksonville. |
don't like to admit it, but | think she had lost some faith inme after
the Father X episode and was looking for a new partner. It kind
of pissed me off that she would take him to my grandparents'
place without asking.

Anyway, this guy was weird. He claimed the Internet and
technology are the monsters' tools. Maybe he was the one who
burned down that computer hardware warehouse in Florida
last month. | don't know. Anyway. | don't think he trusted me,
not after he learned | was online a lot and talking about the
hunt here.

Despite his ideas, Evan had this impressive ability. He could
lock eyes with a monster and paralyze it. He called it Freeze.
Dana hoped that between my power and Evan's. we could pin
down whatever that thing from the van ~ she had discovered it
was still "alive" and possibly hiding out in Pleasant Hill Cemetery
- long enough for her to kill it.


The creature had new guards, zombies from graves that
had been vandalized. Dana had faced one and put it down again.
She thought the "master" would create more soon.so we staked
out the cemetery where the graves had been desecrated.

Subject: Unquiet Ghosts
From: dzidzat155
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org

I was attending a meeting with my father. A new
mainland company wanted to supply my family's
trading house. The representatives of the company
and the new provincial government were supposed to
attend. When the man from the other company
entered, his normal appearance seemed to melt away.
He was a creature of translucent skin and black blood.
Hehadamouth of needles instead of teeth. His fingers
were long and the skin split at his knuckles where
black horn protruded.

I gasped and almost ran, but then felt the Fire of
Heaven, like thunderbolts, and a familiar voice
came to me: "PROTECT YOUR FAMILY," itwould
be translated into English. 1 am sure it was my
grandfather. I struggled to control my feelings and
remained in the meeting.

I could feel the creature's evil spread out across
the room. It seemed to reach out to my father and
quickly gained the upper hand. The prices it wanted
would ruin us! It is impolite to speak of money in the
open, so my father is in the habit of passing numbers
in notes, through a mediator — me. My father
whispered a figure, but I disobeyed him. Instead of
writing down the price he told me, I wrote some-
thing else. The note I handed the creature said, "Be
gone demon or | will reveal you." As he read it, I
prayed Grandfather would preserve us. The "man"
almost fell from his chair. It tore up the paper, said
the amount was insulting and stormed out.

Thad saved my father and our business, but now
it knew me.

We entered the graveyard in the afternoon. Evan picked
the lock to a mausoleum where we could hide but still have a
good view. It might have been a good place to stay hidden, but
it made my skin crawl. Dana climbed up onto the roof with a
rifle at dusk. She left us with two wooden baseball bats and
gave me one of her "drop" pistols. She'd used acid to eat off the
serial numbers. We also had a gas can. Our plan was simple: If
we spotted the thing, Dana would shoot it. Evan and | would
make sure it stayed down, then we'd use the gas to make sure
the bastard was dead, once and for all.

It was a clear night, so we thought we'd have a view of
whatever snuck into the cemetery. We weren't ready for what
happened, though. Something just tore out of the ground near
a freshly dug grave. It s peed off its clothes and started
moving around the new soil. Peeking out the mausoleum door, |
realized it was a woman. But God, she was ugly. Her skin wos
the color of ashes and was shrunken to her skeleton. Her
breasts hung like tentacles. | looked away. | almost lost it, but
| felt that resolve come over me at the last instant. | just came
to grips with what had to be done.

It started digging with its bare hands, clods of soil flying
up. | lost sight of it then, but Dana whispered that she still had
a shot. We waited for what seem liked forever before Dana
finally fired. 1 wouldn't have known she'd hit it if | hadn't see one
of its arms flail up.

Evan and | ran out at the same time. We didn't wait for
Dana to climb down. It wasn't dead, just wounded, and it was
waiting for us.! was faster than Evan. When | peered into the
Aaa my gun ready, all | saw was a blur as whatever it was
leaped out and knocked me down. Before Evan could react, it
bit into his head. | could hear the cracking sound. The only thing
| can compare a moment like that to is a car wreck. You know
what's about to happen and try to avoid it or watch and wait,
but the same thing happens either way. Evan was dead. | didn't
save him, and the thing turned on me.

Dana appeared out of the darkness. She shot it again. This
time | saw where the first bullet had caught it in the stomach.
Her second shot got it in the shoulder and spun the bitch around.
When it stopped. the creature was standing right over me.

| tried to find the gun I'd dropped, but it was faster. | guess
it grabbed me. Last thing | remeber is being thrown.

| woke up in Dana's car. She told me the monster threw me
at her. She fell trying to dodge me, and the monster was gone
when she stood. So was Evan's body. If only | had protected him.
Instead, | failed him, and now I'm afraid we'll be seeing him again.

It's Sunday night and my wife actually talked to me at dinner.
I'malive and I'm with my family. They're safe for now and I'm happy
for that, but it's the quiet before the storm Evan knows who | am.

We must have lost our battle before.



Discretion shall preserve thee, understanding shall

keep thee
— Proverbs 2:11

Beyond rue Gact of Dury

From: oursinel!3,
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Charges against Hanniball37

It is with a sad heart that | must stand as accuser
against the initiate who calls himself Hanniball37. He
killed three innocent men and one innocent woman. It
is my belief that he has become insane, has lost all
Capability for reason and hinders our cause more than
he advances it.

| believe that Hanniball37 is a danger to the cause.
He acts with neither forethought nor consideration for
the safety of other initiated. He has, in this case,
Murdered four of the very people we attempt to quard
from harm. | believe he has acquired a degree of blood-
lust that exceeds the callof duty. So, laskmyresy
peers to censure him to their fullest ability and banish
him from our community. Also, | request that all of us
know and treat him in a manner that matches some-
one who cannot be trusted.

Hunrer vo Hunrer

From: hannibal 37
To: vigillist@hunter-netorg
Re: | beg your pardon, bitch.

Sounds like somebody needs to get laid. | don't know where you
get off, lady, throwing around shit like that, but | have to wam you: It
hurts a hell ofalot when you fall off that high horse. First ofall, youdon't
know a goddamn thing about my business and! don't appreciate you

fucking in it. | understand that you French people have your noses so
far up other people's asses that it's kind of hard to smell your own shit,
but where the hell do you get your nerve? Fuck you.

Invroducr ions

I refuse to fall to name calling. Monsieur Hannibal.
Idisagree with your methods and | have remitted it into
the hands of our peers to determine which of us is
wrong. If! will owe you an apology, then | will give you an
apology. We will see what the others think.

For now, | will simply tell everyone what it is that I
know. On a recent visit to the United States, | hap-
pened to be in the same town as Hanniball37. | had
come in pursuit of a cult leader. A friend of mine had
acted very strangely recently and his parents told me
that he had joined a cult. They asked me to find the
truth, so when he moved to the United States sud-
denly, | followed. | wanted to get the young man back.
The trail took me to an old house in a small village in
the middle of the country. The kidnapper of my friend
had written the address on a napkin which | found.

should preface this to say that | saw no signs of any
other of our kind in this area. | looked for our marks every-
where, but saw none. | would never intrude the teritony of
another without making attempts to let others know! was
there. | have discovered it is safer that way.

This house was overgrown and tired, and hidden
from view at the end of a long dirt road. | believe it was
a farmhouse. | went to the house and walked around.
Before | reacted. a man showed up. He pointed his
shotgun at me and yelled in English to leave his prop-
erty. | tried to explain that | meant no harm and that I

a et


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

: list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Hanniball37

Bloody hell!

I thought we might have a few months of peace
before people started getting pissy. You are both
acting like children!

Part of me wants to just turn Hannibal over to the
police, but we all know that there is no justice in this
world. I guess something has to be done. We cannot
overlook murdering innocents — if that is true.

Idonot like bringing this up, but was TOLD (Get
my meaning?) to start this list and protect it, and I will
be damned if] am going to let it break up. I want the rest
of you to see if there was a shooting. Let us know on the
list. lam not trying to call anyone a liar, but if there was
some mistake, then we can end this now. I do not want
topiss on our friend from across the Channel, but I want
to make sure there was a crime in the first place.

Thad delusions that we could come to some agree-
ment on tules and such, but right now that has about as
much chance as Wolverton winning the cup. So we are
going to do this my way. Maybe they will tell me what to
do. It does not give me pleasure to say this, but this list
is my responsibility. | am calling the shots.

If that makes you want to drop out, you are an idiot.
Harsh? Hell yes, but there is no list on this planet that
is not owned or maintained by someone. Get over it.

Since we do not have barristers, Oursine and
Hannibal, flame on. Let the best one win. Not damn
likely that I could stop you from telling your side of
things anyway!

In one month's time, | will call for a vote to see
if Hannibal should get his John Thomas smacked. If
you do not think he deserves punishment, vote "no."
If you think Hannibal must be punished, vote "yes."
On the same ballot, I will ask you to choose one of|
three levels of censure that | am capable of enforcing
on this list. Each level is worth a certain number of
points. All points are cumulative.

Level 1: Warning, | point. A "warned" memberhas
a description of his warning attached to all emails to
members of this list. Three warnings result in censure.

Level 2: Censure, 3 points. Censure means temporary
removal from Vigil anda report to the wider online hunter
community, including hunter-net and all subsidiaries
thereof. Ifat the time of censure there are enough points for
Anathema, then appropriate actions will be taken.

Level 3: Anathema, 6 points. Permanent re-
moval and warning to the wider community of the
hunter's danger to the cause.

If you want off the list over this, and I imagine
there will be some of you who do, then send your
request to me. But if you think that this crap is only
going to happen here, you are fooling yourself.

Let the party begin.

was looking for my friend. The man said he could not
help me. He ordered me to leave his property.

Heft. bien sar. When | drove away. | saw a carat the
edge of the property. It was stopped and the driver had
descended fromit. Shewas puttinga sign into theground.
It announced an upcoming auction of the property. |
retumed to my hotel and telephoned the bank | had seen
named. They had to explain it to me, but | understood
that they had taken the property because the owner did
not pay his debt. They said that they were to auction it.

I went to the bank the next moming and told them
Iwanted information on the house. Aserver directed me
to a waiting room. To my surprise, the monstre | was
pursuing passed me in the hallway. He was leaving and
| was entering. He wore a suit, black like a mortician's,
but old-fashioned. I dicin't look at him. Ididn't want to let
him know that | knew who he was, not with so many
defenseless people about. As he stepped closer to me
our arms brushed. A spark of static electricity jumped
from him to me. | gasped. nervous. He laughed.

"Pardon me," he said to me.

| looked at his eyes and his smile. His teeth. When |
think of them. I shiver with disgust. His teeth had rotted in
hismouth. Theywere yellowor black. Theyhad stringsof. ..
something stuck in them, and his gums had receded so
that his grin was a skulll's grimace.

He was surprised, perhaps by how | looked on my
face. For an etemity it seemed we stared at one an-
other. Finally, he was leaving, and | saw the lights
reflect brightly on a pendant worn around his neck.

| recognized it. It was a small lion's head. It be-
longed to the man that I was searching. | could have
killed the creature right there, stolen the gun from the
guard, perhaps. But I did not. | could have endangered
all those people in the bank, the young mother and her
daughter at the entrance, the uniformed guard and
the servers. | let him go. | understand the importance
of patience. My pere always said, "You not only must
pick your battles. you must choose the place and
time." My pere was a very wise man.

Imet a woman who worked at the bank. | garnered
her friendship. She told me many things that she prob-
ably should not have.

Thehouse's owner had complained. He claimed that
the bank had no right to take the house. He, according
to my new friend, had lost his mind. Some records
showed clearly that the house's debt was substantial
and that the owner had not paid. A court of law had
recently said, based on the records, that the bank had
every right to take and sell the house. My new friend
also toldme that someone else intended to bid veryhigh
for the house. She said she hated to see the owner lose
it, but he wouldat least get some money after the debt.
It was a lot of money. She did not understand why the
house's owner wanted so badly to keep it. She did not
understand too why anyone would want to buy it. She
tried to convince me | should not interest myself.

| began to understand. Later that day, | returned
to the house. | was determined to speak to the owner.
| wanted to look closely at him. Already, | had decided
that he was one of us or most likely one of them. He
had no connection of family to the house. He had
bought the land under a close situation. But he did
have some connection to the man | was following.

This time | went to the house and the man ap-
peared at the front door. He had a gun. He tried to
command me to leave but | persisted and eventually |
approached close enough that we could look at one
another. We talked about the house and | put some


CHAPTER 2: TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS

subtle references into the conversation that could let
him know what | was if he was one. Eventually. we
understood that we were both initiated.

Ittookus some time to trust —all the aftemoon—
but eventually, we told our names. He said he called
himself "Hannibal" on the web. | explained why | had
come to his village and he told me why he refused to
lose the house. He showed me wh. In the back, there
was a door that led into the ground. He took me there,
under the house, into a short dirt room. Through an-
other door, hidden behind some boards, there was a
tunnel that went to a caver.

Inside the cavern, little pieces of gold light glowed
in the walls. A fog sat on the ground. It was rising from
ahot pool of water. | could feel the energy everywhere,
all around me. It energized me. Hannibal said it was a
very special place. He said the cavern was sacred to
indians a long time ago. and he showed me some
paintings that they made on the walls.

| could not deny the importance of the place. |
offered to help Hannibal but he refused me. He said
that he had a plan and that he was waiting to kill the
"bastard" who "faked" his debt with the bank. He would
not tell me about his plan.

Very soon, | found out. Two days later, the news
were on the front pages of all papers. Someone had
entered in the bank and shot people. Four people dead
there included two servers, a guard and a manager. |
knew immediately what Hannibal had done. The killer
had used a rifle. He did not take money. They had
nothing stolen. The police said that it was vengeance,
evidently committed by an extremely violent criminal.
lam sorry. but | must agree.

And that is not the worst. | drove immediately to
Hannibal's house. | wanted to see what he would say to
me and to see myself exactly how he was insane. |
thought maybe that | could help him, counsel him and
show him the better ways to do what we do. not killing
harmless people. | parked before the house and walked
to the porch.

Hannibal came outside, crazed. He was mad. He
screamed at me to get off his land and called me
terrible names. He grabbed me and shook me. He
scared me so.

I tried to talkreasonably to him. to make him calm,
but he continued. He dragged me into the house. |
resisted and tried to free myself from him. He threw
me across the room. | hit my head on the floor.

When | woke up. Hannibal had tied me on his bed.
He had gagged me. | was there during the whole night
until a man came the next moming and said Hannibal
had sent him to free me. He said Hannibal did not want
ever to see me again. | left from the house immedi-
ately and have not seen Hannibal again.

| returmed to my own investigation. It was neces-
sary that I find my friend. the man kidnapped. before
| could leave. | passed several weeks looking for him. |
found him. He had been killed during the night that I
spent tied to Hannibal's bed. The police said that he
and two others had died when their car collided with a
tree and exploded. In the paper, it showed pictures of
three men. One was my friend. Even now, it is unclear
how the paper obtained his photo. One other | knew to
be the creature from the bank, my friend's kidnapper.
I did not know the third.

Icalled the parents of my friend and they gave me
permission to arrange for his body to go home. | used
this chance to look at the remains and his posses-
sions. The things were belonging to him. but the body

a


was very messy. | still did not believe that it was him.
and | looked for more weeks, and | had finally to
abandon it. The family believed him dead. | was chas-
ing shadows. There appeared to be no one to be
protected. | went home.

| believe that if Hannibal had not imprisoned me, |
might have prevented the man's death.

Terrirory

Gir, let me first thank you very much for giving away Clues to my
location that any fucking three-year-old could follow. You think I can just
up and move my shit the way you do? Jesus Christ! Can | call her up on
charges for that or some shit'?

And regarding your one-damn-sided story. when you first showed
up at my place, I didn't know who the hell you were. | was protecting my
territory, as is my right. You were on my property. As far as | knew, you
were just another one of those high-titted, smooth-talking bank sluts
come to fuck with me. You didn't announce yourself. You just started
prowling around like fucking Jessica-Murder-She-Wrote, sticking your
nose where it didn't belong. No, | don't put those symbols up all over the
place because I don't need help and |sure as hell don't wantit. I got enough
problems without having to wony about covering the asses of whiny
women like you. | had the situation under contro! until you showed up.

Goorerayion

Please do not be so condescending, Hannibal. | do
not need it and | do not deserve it. You think you are
better than everyone else, n'est-ce pas? You think you
are the only one who can be "badass"? Well, | see only
an asshole. And all | said was that you were in the
United States. It is a big country.

1 did not know you were there. Sometimes | look
around someplaces. It is a part of what I do. I never did say

you did not have the right to protect your territony or to
force me away. | would comment about the manner in
Which you do mark your territony, but Inefuse to make this

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: coach41
Subject: Report
The Floyd County Sentinel-Reporter hasastory
on the murder of four people at a local savings and
loan. They authorities report that they believe the
masked killer to be a local with a grudge, as has been
the case in the recent rash of shootings in the US.
Dole, these people had families. Six kidsare without
parents. One is now an orphan. My God, what a waste.
_ I'm sorry this took longer than expected. I
decided not to involve Dana. I think she would have
gone after Hannibal.
Thope none of this is true. can't believe the angels
dallow this. I only hope Hannibal's version clears
sup. I've seen what monsters can do to people, how
they can infect normal folks and tum them into
servants. This has to be the case here. It's just got to be.
Isthereno other impartial group of hunters we can
‘ to? Ifthe angelssentus toprotect people maybe
they sent others to police us.
Report this to the group as you see fit. If he's
guilty, I think I will tell Dana. At least she's a cop.

into a useless feud. 1 had a reason for being there at your
house. Iwas investigating the kidnapping of my friend. You
could have been much more helpful. but you chose to
Quard information away from me and to exclude me from
your games. We should be on the same side. | could have
helped you. We could have helped us together.

Whether you believe it or not, mast people like us do
work together. They, unlike you, realize that we fight
the same monstres and that if we want to survive we
must work together. Maybe you think you know eveny-
thing. but | do not think so. | have leamed a lot from
discussions on the intemet and from the people | know.
lam confident that my knowledge helps others, too.!do
not want to be immodest, but | have had many experi-
ences with these things.

Hannibal, | have seen things that would make you
cry like a child. In particular, | have seen our people lose
their minds because of what they have seen. It hap-
pens. They become too angry. or too sad, or too
confused to continue. They lose control of their hate
andstart some shooting sprees in restaurants or banks.
It happens all the time. We are human, with the senti-
ments and the hearts that can hurt.

There are others who can help you. | know of a
psychologist who has been initiated, too, and who under-
stands the stresses of our life. She has made it her role in
our struggle to counsel us who have experienced more
loss than we can control. Your anger controls you,
Hannibal. It has warped for you the view of the world and
made you hard to the people we were initiated to protect.

PERCEPTION

You call me condescending? Jesus, lady, get a clue. Maybe you
could_ have helped me. Maybe you would have died trying. Maybe |
shouldn't have given a shit about you one way or the other. Fact is that
you had no idea what you stumbled into, and | didn't have the fucking
time to explain it Time is a real luxury to people like you who wander
thousands of miles on wild goose-chases. You came all this way in
search of your precious little buddy. Why? Did you know what he was.
messed up in? Did you feel guilty for letting that happen? Is that why
youre taking your shit out on me? Am | the scapegoat for your own
quilt? Youlost him. Youlethim getaway. Youlet those fucking witches
takehim. The moment they got their slimy hands on him,he wasa goner.
Did you know that? Did you know how bad you fucked up?

Honey, | couldn't have helped you if Id wanted to. There was no
salvation for your missing person. None. knew that the moment you told
meabouthim. Would it have been kinder of me to pretend that there was
something we could do? Would it have been more responsible of me to
letyoufuck up my situation just to fix your broken ego? WouldIhave been
a better team player if had agreed to share your guilt with you?

Foryour information, |have tons of contacts out there among the
Reality Challenged. Some of them are a hell of a lot more insane than |
am, and goddamned better exterminators than youare. |have a team
of people | work with. I'm no loner. If you knew me, you'd know that.
Only people with death wishes work alone.

Sure, we may not all have the same goals. And our goals may
sometimes clash. Like now. But my temitory is mine. Yours is yours. If
Ihad thought youand your fucking PMS wouldhavelistened to reason,
| might have treated you differently. but you came at me with more
preconceptions, prejudices and catty-bitch tactics than my ex-mother-
in-law. | don't need that shit.

And how dare you imply that | need psychiatric help! If you ask
me, youre the one who's "imbalanced." Fucking loon. You may talk
pretty and toss around lame passive-aggressive insults as smooth as
stealth farts, but that doesn't make you my judge or my doctor.

Let me ask you something, Oursine. Have you ever actually taken
out a monster? Have you ever killed anything?


Waar We Do

1am not a killer. | am a quardian who sometimes
must kill to Keep my territony safe. You may think
there is no difference, and perhaps there is not, but
there is one truth in this: if there will be no humans
when it is over, why do we do it? | chose my username
Oursine to reflect this. It means mother bear or female
bear. As far as | am concemed, we are here for to
protect, defend and support people and the world.
Very few of us would disagree that we have our own
little pieces of the world to patrol. Not many can dis-
agree with me on this. even you. Hannibal. We do
disagree, obviously. about our methods.

We have chosen, all of us, the "treasures" that we
cherish. These things are as varied as the world. The
method behind our madness, taking the custody of
something, keeps us from becoming the things we
oppose, Also, it reduces the chances that we will inter-
fere or trespass on someone else's territory. Hannibal,
your charge, as some call it, is your home and what it
hides. Am | wrong? Ihave noticed this among some of
our kind. We are the ones who have found something
special that we want to protect or who think our initia-
tions impose the responsibility of protecting a certain
something.

Let me tell you a story to illustrate. | have a friend
who | will call Jacques. He is one of us, but he has
decided to avoid the internet. He has his own reasons
for this and, although | think it will hurt him in the long
part, | prefer not to censure him for it. Jacques is a
interesting character. | have known him for years, so
you can imagine my surprise when he arrived on my
doorstep one day. seeking guidance, and! learned that
he knew as | did. But that is a story for another time.

Neicneoanoods

Jacques went to the University of Washington, in
Seattle. He studied English. It was not very surprising
that he finished by living in the Capitol Hill neighbor-
hood. For those who do not know, Jacques tells me
that Capitol Hill has the reputation for housing people
who embrace individualism. Freedom of speech, alter-
nate lifestyles and artistic expression thrive in this
region of the city — a little piece of home. Unfortu-
nately, this type of neighborhood attracts the young
and the naive who do not yet sense their own mortal-
ity. They do not protect themselves very well.

Only after living there for a little while did Jacques
recognize that hisadopted home was the hunting ground
of a monstre. Jacques chose the neighborhood. or
perhaps it chose him, to be its guardian. He could not let
the deaths continue. Eventually, he found one of the
monstres and tracked it. This is never as easy as one
would like. Unless you rely on destiny to make you find
them again, you must leam where they live. You must
find their hive, and the creatures are never arrogant
about their hiding places. The tracking requires that a
person to wander in places and look for clues, exactly as
I did at Hannibal's house. We have all done this.

And so Jacques thought he had found the building in
which the creature lived. He watched for many days to
Confirm his intuition. He in fact counted three creatures.
all living together in an apartment with much security.

To leam their behaviors, Jacques utilized all of his
tricks to ensure that the monstres did not see him. This
cost him several weeks because he did not hurry. He
changed vehicles from time to time and varied the
hours he followed so he would not establish any pat-

CHAPTER 2: TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS i

tems that the creatures would notice. He even took a
job at the café across from the building. so that his
presence would be more palatible. All these precautions
finally were successful.

Jacques has a unique creativity when he deals with
our attackers. He is not a very big man, not physically
strong. He can use a gun, but he is naturally averse to
them and carries one solely for emergencies. If he has
his choice, he never actually faces the monstres. In-
stead, he employs cunning and the society's system to
banish the criminals from his territony.

In this case, Jacques had to plan during a month in
advance. He scouted the building, all the entrances
and all the windows. He seduced a lonely woman who
lived within. He used her, yes, but it was for her protec-
tion. What Is a false heart compared to death? He
made a special recording with the help of some friends.
He went to the butcher and bought some cow's blood
for cooking, but he did not have the intention of cook-
ing with it. And then he put his plan into effect.

One Saturday moming, he rang his laver to ask if he
could visit. She pushed the button in her apartment to
allow Jacques to enter the front door. Jacques had to
work rapidiy. He went straight to the apartrnent where
the monstres nested. Carefully, he poured the blood to
make it resemble that it was leaking from under the doar.
And then, he played his tape loudly.

On the tape was the sounds of someone pounding
on a door, and then an argument between a man and
woman. At its height, the recording had a screarn.
Having played this, Jacques tured off the recorder,
put it in his pocket and approached the creatures' door
and shouted. "Someone call the police! Help! Help!"

The neighbors, having heard all the commotion,
did as he said. The tenants agreed for Jacques' story.
When no one had responded to the police knocks and
commands, the door was broken down. Some one —
the killer? — attacked the police immediately and was
shot. Afterward, they searched for the harmed woman
and found three bodies. At least. there were three
bodies, until the police opened the covered windows
for light and there was nothing but ash left behind.

The police never asked Jacques for his testimony.
They told everyone a big story about drug sellers. They
lied to the public as they always do. because someone
would not let them tell the truth about corpses that
became dust.

Jacques had done his job — or rather, he had let
the police do it for him. Cunning and the use of the
authorities allowed Jacques to femove the danger
from his neighborhood without personal risk. He sur-
vived to continue his vigilance. And although he
convinced his lover to move out of that building,
Jacques continued his affair with her.

After this incident. lasked Jacques if he did not feel
guilt for confronting those police with danger. Jacques
shook his head and said no. He believed the police are
the equivalent of us. Jacques called them a "tool" he
uses on occasion when he needs more help. He ex-
plained to me that the police know the risk of death
demanded by their job, and they accept it because they
have a duty to protect — just like us.
the monstres besides killing blindly to stop them.

Right Obviously Jacqueshasn'thad todeal withcomuptcops. He will
‘The day will come when he tries to rely on one of these fucking "authori-
ties" for his life, and hell find out that they're on the payroll of some witch.
‘Thenhellbe screwed. Isuggest yousee him again soon. beforeit's too ate.


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

Prorir

Jacques has taken vigil of his home. Others might
treasure a particular group of people. But | insist that
whatever it is you protect. you do not have to kill
people — or even monstres — to protect it. For ex-
ample. | have another associate. I'll call her Lise. Lise
has a family extremely large and has many cousins,
nieces, nephews and others. She grew up in a very
Close community in Italy. Lise's "revelation." as she
Calls it, gave her the job of caring for this community
and its descendants. She has constructed a data-
base of these people and she tracks where they
move, who they marry and what children they have.
She calls the project by a special name and claims
that itis an experiment of genealogy and society. She
teaches Human Studies at a private university and
has made the project legitimate. The university funds
it. and she waits to see if others will give her money.
too. She has applied with the government. an Italian
organization and the Catholic Church.

Despite the clear problems of protecting a group of
over 3,000 people — 800 families located across the
United States, Canada. Europe and Africa — Lise has
done a admirable job. Her most difficult challenge is
recognizing when one of these people is endangered.
For tohelpher, she pays the families a smallamount to
send her regular reports, all part of her authorized
"study." She reads every report for any sign of trouble.
They pose questions specifically intended to draw clues
regarding possible dangers. Each person signeda prom-
ise of honesty and Lise ensures them of being

anonymous. Lise instructs the head of the family.
mostly a parental figure. preferably the mother, to fill
Gut the form with as much detail as possible.

Lise professes that she simply Knows when one of
her charges is in danger as soon as she sees a report.
She told me that when the family has some problems.
the paper becomes a sickly yellow. She reads these
Carefully. to see if she can recognize the problem, and
then arranges to visit the family for more close "re-
search." (Ihave never heard of this skill from another. Is
anyone else capable of doing soP)

One such letter arrived last spring. Lise had busi-
ness andhad todelay visiting the family untilafterward,
but one day in waiting for the bus, she remarked a
striking headline at a newspaper. It stated "STUDENT
MISSING." When she again looked, she said it was gone.
that it read other words. Lise changed plans and called
the family. Once they were agreed to let her stay with
therm. she flew nearly 1000 kilometres to their home.
Hannibal, | must guess. would call this "butting in."

The mother, especially, treated Lise like amember
of the family. Lise says that this is not terribly strange.
because she becomes a confidante to the person who
answers the questionnaires. This family had twodaugh-
ters, one 17 and one 18. The youngest had the charm
that attracts many young men, and the elder an
athleticism of promise.

At first. Lise presumed the youngest girl was in
danger. She learned differently when she went to an
acrobatics competition in which the oldest, who | will
call Jeanette, was competing. After, they waited out-
side while Jeanette changedher clothes. Lisedescribed


tome the event ina letter that she sent to me. It is in
the English that we use for communicating.

Theair dripped with humidity. making the sweat run
down the back of my neck. It itched. For that matter, |
itched everywhere, as if little bugs had managed to
sneak into my clothing and were choosing odd mo-
ments to bite. | tried not to scratch too much, but the
feeling became unbearable. We waited for at least half
anhour before! began to worry. Noone else seemed the
least bit concemed, but then they didn't have the infor-
mation! did. Finally, lexcused myself, claiming aneed to
use the restroom, and went in search of [Jeanette].

The building was almost completely deserted when!
went back inside, and my footsteps echoed ominoushy.
Itsetmeonedge. |wentinto the gymnasium andheaded
across to the showers. My guidance came in the form of
amessage displayed on the electronic scoreboard that
had been tumed off only moments before. In bright red,
it pointed an arrow away from the showers. | follawed its
lead totheequipmentroom. Evenaslapproached, Icould
hear voices inside, whispers. | desperately hoped that 1
was about to internupt sorne harmless secret rendez-
vousOflovers. Butno. ThesecretrendeZvous Was correct,
but the harmless was not. When | opened the door, |
found [Jeanette] in the arms of a thing: something be-
tween man and animall At least, that's how | saw hin. 1
don't believe she knew the truth.

| would have acted then and there, but Uleanette]
seemed herselfand in fact said she had to leave, thather
family was waiting. The creature made no threats. |
follawed her out slowly so as not to attract attention.

| confronted Jeanette] afterward and told her par-
ents sirnply of an affair. She hated me after that. She
claimed to love him, that they intended to mamy. Her
parents wanted her to go to college. She rebelled and told
them they couldn't stop her. Theyarqued, andail the while
that headline flashed in my mind: STUDENT MISSING.

I knew in. my heart she intended to nun away with
him or that he intended to kidnap her. Though he dem-
onstrated no ill intent, their mariage might only create
more of the things. Italso occurred tome that it maybe
too late, but the pregnancy test I suggested, and that
her mother made her take, carne up negative.

It became increasingly obvious that direct action
would be necessary. [Jeanette] was 18. We couldn't lock
herinherroom, andeven her parents couldn't forbid her
fromrunning away. |decided to take the matter inhand.

Lise tells much detail in the remainder of the stony, so
Iwillgive only a brief summiany. Inher letter, Lise dedicates
@long section to the thoughts she used to decide what to
do regarding the monstre. Her first idea was to simply kill
it, but she considered that this would only endanger the
family she sought to protect. The final thing that she
wanted was for the police to accuse Jeanette's father of
killing the "boy" in revenge.

Lise's second thought was to threaten the boy
into leaving Jeanette. In the beginning. she had the
intent to threaten his life, but she realized that per-
haps there was a better method. She studied
Jeanette's handwriting and preparedsome documents
that she planted among the girl's belongings. She found
an old doll in the back of Jeanette's closet and put a
knife init. She also found a picture of Jeanette and the
boy. stole it and cut an X on Jeanette's face.

Finally, she went to the monstre's house. The
"boy" was there alone and was agreeable to talk toher,
but itabsolutely was not happy to see her. Inthe salon.
she talked to it. First, she tried reason. She explained
that it was ruining Jeanette's chances for an educa-

CHAPTER 2: TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS

tion and a future. She spoke to it of family and of the
problems it had caused. Tome. she expressed surprise
at the monstre's understanding, but she did not trust
it. Despite its politeness and pretended congeniality.
intheend, themonstrerefused to quit seeing Jeanette.
It said it loved her. In many ways. that sealed its fate.

When the boy looked in another direction, Lise let the
Photo fall and pushed it under the divan with her foot.

When her first attempts did not work, Lise took a
more bold approach. She told him that if he ran away
with Jeanette that her parents would go to the police
and say he had kidnapped her. The police would find
him. He would go to jail. Even if eventually he was
proven innocent, he would spend time in jail and his
family would face embarrassment and shame. She
talked about the cost of the courts and the trauma for
Jeanette herself. She described a scene of the police
catching them and putting him away in handcuffs. we
Lise promised she had already created evidence that
would show Jeanette was unstable emotionally and
felt threatened by the boy. She promised to telephone
every media in the country and ensure that his farnily
was revealed across the newspapers and television.

And then, she used biggest threat. "I will tell them
what you are." Eh well, the monstre could not disguise
his surprise. He stared at Lise, sniffed her and growled.
Lise had poked a nerve.

Lise knew by his eyes that he had the intent tokillher,
but she had bet on the hope that he would nat do so in his
family's house. She told him she had a packet of informa-
tion about him and his family that a friend would send to

the media if anything happened to her. And
so, the monstre let her walk away. Lise had packed her
bags the night before, and she left Jeanette's home that

From: gardener67
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: This list

Please unsubscribe me from this list. 1 can't
believe what I'm hearing here. And you people are
supposed to be the cream of the crop? "The called"?
I'msorry, but you scare me. First of all, who gives this
Dole guy the right to tell any of us what to do? And
what gives any of you the right to judge Hannibal?
You toss out people's locations like you haven't
realized these lists aren't secure. Realize it, people.
Just ask your net-god, Dole. From what I've heard
from him, he can tell you just how insecure it is.

Irealize that thisisall new tous. It'sreally new tome,
too. I've only been in on this stuff for a little while, and
have already screwed up big time. | was really hoping to
find some guidance and help on this list. So far, all I've
seen is people getting all uppity and flaming each other.
I don't have time for this. I'm really disappointed.

Hannibal, good luck. I don't envy what you're
being put through. Just hang in there. There are
people out here who understand why you did what
you did. I'm one of them. I'll send you my other email
address. Feel free to write any time if you need
backup or whatever. Take it easy on each other,
folks, or I won't be the only rat jumping ship.


HUNT ER BOOK: DEFENDER

®@vening so she would not endanger the family if the
monstre came for her. She took a room clase, ina hotel.
untilshe was certain Jeanette was safe. Thenextday, she
heard that the monstre had broken with Jeanette. claim-
ing that he was doingit forher. that she deservedachance
to go to university and make herself something.

Oesecrs

We all give up many things for the protection of our
wards. | have another friend who protects something.
but who does not kill anyone but the monstres to keep it
safe. "Michel" somehow came to possess a very unique
objet. He claims that it has some significance to thase we
face. He found it in their possession and took it upon
himself to keep it from them afterward. Ihave
never seen it and | hope | never will, Miche! tells me that it
is avery old. | believe it is a painting or some such thing.
Michel keeps it safely in an iron box and must remain
moving as the creatures smell him out. Recently. Michel
toldme that ifsomethinghappens tohim. hewillsend the
objet to me. This does not thrill me. | have my own
charges to protect. For Michel, however, | will try.

Whatever is the objet, Michel has had to defend it
with serious risk to his life. Some numerous times they
have come to claim it. never even questioning why he
possesses It. simply seeking to kill him and have it. Thus.
Michel lives far from his neighbors and becomes familiar
with no one. He chooses a life of loneliness for duty to
what he considers his calling. perhaps his post.

Subject: Oursine
From: jaguar251

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org

You confuse me mucho, Oursine. In one note,
you say that we must do all that we can to protect
ourselves so we be alive to fight again. Then you say
that we must be willing to die for our cause. You call
them charges, these people that we protect. And you
say that our charges are the most important of all and
todie for them. Then yousay that we must sacrifice for
our charges. But then you say that it is more important
we not kill humans who are not monsters. I do not
think it is so simple. I do not think we should sacrifice
our values to keep all people alive.

The beings whomake us warriorshave said tous what
we should protect. They tell me to protect my people. So
] protect my people. Sometimes | kill other people to
protect my people. These people I kill are not monsters.

| They are just people. But I kill them because they work
with the monsters or because they work against my values.
Tthink that is what Hannibal must have done too. I see
people were working with the monsters?

In Central America's wars, there are many chil-
dren who die because they carry bombs. If soldiers
there kill a child first, then no one else must die. If
they do not kill the child, then people die too when
the child brings the bomb. I know you have a kind
heart, Oursine, but these are not kind times. We are
at war. In war, all rules change. | see no wrong

committed by Hannibal.

So here. Hannibal. is another example from who
you canleam. People do not have to die for your cause.
Indeed. only the monstres that clearly confront you or
your valued home need be fought.

IDeotocies

Hannibalhas said that we cannot trust thesociety's
authorities. | have to agree with him on this. However,
this still does not justify killing people who have fallen
prey to their own greed or ambition. Me, | cherish the
concept of Freedom of the Press. After my initiation,
andafter they released me from the hospital, |began to
remark that many of the monstres were influencing the
news media. Some stories kept appearing, one after
the other, that did not reflect the truth, butrather, that
told the story from a point of view that protected or
advanced the agendas of these monstres. A brutal
murder became a terrible accident. A hostile corporate
Coup becamea merger. Many times, look at the stories
and see the word "LIES" written across them.

In this way. my subconscious reveals to me which
stories | should pursue. And | pursue ther. | discover
the truth forall of them, or for nearly all of them. When
I can, | sow doubt in the minds of the police and the
reporters. | make them reopen cases or print a story
that more closely resembles the reality.

And I donot kill those that | know are being bought by
the monstres. If | must, | go to another newspaper. The
systemworks, if youleam how touseit. Anewspapercan
not afford to be called foolish. They will print falsehoods.
but only if no one knows that they are falsehoods. | use
this knowledge to blackmail them in veny subtle man-
ners. It is complex and each time is different.

| also leamed a long time ago that people do not
want to know the whole truth. They would prefer to live
in blissful ignorance of the evil that walks the streets.
Even | cannot reveal the whole truth. So | write it ina
manner that makes it acceptable, but more true than
the monstres want to see.

I cannot allow these monstres to use our press as
a tool. Hannibal would have me to kill all the reporters
and editors who write false reportings. | prefer to stall
the progress of the monstres. Icombat theirattempts
to change the press from its noble cause — that of
balancing the government and reporting the truth. | will
not allow thern to turn the press into a prostitute who
makes money to look fair, entertain and protect those
who believe themselves powerful. They are not power-
ful enough to enslave me. | champion this ideology
that the press is sacred and answers to no man or
monstre. The press has a responsibility to the people,
but most of the time it becomes nothing more thana
marionette with strings attached to dead fingers. |
work to free it.

Not very long ago, my editor sent me to the scene
of a bloody massacre. Ten people were dead. It looked
at first like it was a crime war. Approximately eight
others went to the hospital with injuries of varying
seriousness. The police claimed that two crime organi-
zations had a fight. That is what the press reported as
well. | did not understand this. All the victims had on
Clothes for dancing, not fighting. and there were women
indress shoes among the victims as well. So, Idid more
investigating and discovered a very different story.
One of the injured youth told me that he had gone to
the warehouse for a party.

1 discovered that what started with a party be-
Came a blood bath when a bad gang came and started
a fight. One of the attendants suddenly went mad and


Cut people witha razor. Many people reported that the
monstre did things that required incredible strength.
Some of the criminals had guns. which were fired at the
monstre. Many found other targets instead, and none
of the bullets that hit the creature harmed it.

learned not to write anything of the supernatural
in my stories, because readers think | am mad. So |
approached this as if it had been a single, psychotic,
drugged murderer. | carefully organized my evidence,
took it to the police and also wrote my story for my
paper. | had one of the witnesses work with an artist to
produce a sketch. | convinced my editor to take a risk.
Once the story was released. the police did not the
choice but to tell the truth and admit that the victims
had not been involved in violent crime activity. The
policeheldapress conference during which the speaker
admitted that one man had gone on a killing spree.
They did a manhunt for him, but found nothing.

This case was one of my most successful. The
monstres willgo along way toprotect their reputations
and their secrets. | have discovered that they will kill to
keep others from betraying them. | have lost some
witnesses this way. | have also found evidence which
shows that the person | was tracking had suddenly
met his or her demise. They have a web of secrecy and
if one link has become weak, then they cut that link
away. At least, this is what | have seen here.

Some stories have nearly cost me my life. They
have tried to protect themselves by killing me. | carry
agun now and take precautions. | do not list my phone
number or my address publicly. | have put extra locks
on my doors and windows, and! keep many files onmy
activities. These files contain all the supernatural ele-
ments that I cannot expose to my editor. They are ina
keyed box and | have instructed in my will that. if! die,
the files should become the property of a friend of
mine. one of us, who | hope will live beyond me.

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Sod Off Already

Alright, 1 am becoming tired of being called a
tyrant. How much more of an emergency do we all
need to have — all of our keyboards bursting into
flames pethaps? I was trying to be subtle when I
explained why I felt justified in being the boss here. I
guess it worked for once.

Okay. In black and white, here it is. Ready?

Are you sure?

The "voices" that many of you claim to hear,

ell, I do not. Hear them, that is. I see words on my
screen, instead. They told me to build this site and do
all this work, even if not in so many words. They
commanded me to protect my part of it, to help you
sorry blokes. That is what I do.

Sowhen Hannibal and Oursine decided tofighton
my listandendangered it, I oe. el in. Yes, steppedon
alot of your Labour Party views by throwing my weight
around. I am not sorry a damn bit. Six people have
already quit. Sod off and hide in your nice little sacred
world. Or you can join the rest of us in the muckhouse!
You may get dirty, but at least you will be working!

CHAPYER2:TRIRLSAND TRIBULATIONS [E

STRATEGIES

InAfrica, there's a type of fly that doesn't wait until you're dead to
lay its eggs in your carcass. It burrows into open wounds, crawling
under flaps of skin or between the swollen walls of cuts. Itlays its eggs
there when youre not looking. Your body continues to work on
Closing up the wound, knitting it back together with collagen, scabs
and regeneration. The flies count on this process to create soft warm
cocoons for their larvae. Eventually, the eggs hatch and the maggots
begin to eat. The wound swells and reddens again. It looks infected,
anditis. Youcan cut them out. anasty procedure that involves digging
deeper than the original wound, to get to the larvae that have eaten
their way toward the bone. Or you can wait until they outgrow your
flesh, splitting open your skin and pouring out.

Altematively, you can camry the biggest fucking fly swatter you can
findand kill the bastards as soon as they come buzzing around looking for
some wet, warm hole into your hide.

Itsalmost orgasmic, isn'tit. when you lift your swatter and see that
you've squashed a fat fly? Don't deny it You know you get a thrill. You
loveseeing those white guts smeared andlegs twitching. don't you? Ido.
Fucking parasites don't deserve to live. Fucking, shit-eating, blood
sucking sons of bitches. God didn't make flies. The fucking Devil did.

So tell me, Oursine. what's all this crap about negotiating with,
reasoning with or blackmailing flies? Shoo fly, don't bother me? Please.
Give mea break. That works forall of five seconds before the bastards
are back, with reinforcements, and all the more eager to eat your flesh.
I'm telling you, nothing will stop this plague but the systematic exter:
mination of them all. If your house is infested with roaches, you don't
wave a hose under their noses and threaten them with a good spray
if they don't leave. You chemical the shit out of them and watch with
glee as they tum belly-up. You pull their legs off one by one, and then
their wings, and you laugh as they writhe in agony.

Now, | admit, | thought the story about the fella using the cops to
breakin was damn clever, but what don'tunderstandis why he didn ‘tjust
do it himself. | would have. As a matter of fact, | wouldn't have wanted
anyone else to doit |gethomyjust thinkingabout cold, dead bodies tuming
toashandblowingaway on the wind. Next time, Oursine, have your friend
calime.llicomeanddohis dirty work forhim. Fuck, thekilling's the easy part.
Tell him Hannibal said to try it some time. He just might like it.

We're not what we used to be, Oursine, and the sooner you
realize that, the better off you'll be. It sounds to me like you're hung up
on being human. It shows in the fucking hypocrisy of everything you
say. Maybe inside we're still human, but our mission in life isn't. It's
bigger than thatand we have to think bigger than that. We have tosee
the big picture before it topples over and crushes us.

Sacrifices

So | killed four people. | had my reasons, and that's really what's
important here right? | didn't go down to the deli and shoot four
uninvolvedharmiess folks. lkilled four people who wouldhave tumedon
me and put my property into that witch's hands quicker than you can
scream, "Im coming." I had to get back my deed. I had to get rid of that
trumped-up mortgage. Those four people could have identified me. |
don't have the fucking luxury of being able to go anywhere to protect
my shit It'sinone place. Itdoesn't travel well. So what's more important?
Those four pawns or my rook? | know what my answer is.

Sure, | know some of you think I'm a real dickhead. Not like I give
ashit, but we do what we gotta do, you know? That's what this is all
about. Despite what Oursine may want to believe, | don't go around
killing innocent people. Of course, this isn't the first time it's happened,
anditwon'tbe the last. And! guarantee that I'm not the only one who's
had these ignorant dorks get in the way. If you haven't had it happen
yet. it will, | promise. The first time, you'll want to stick your head in the
‘oven and call it quits. Then it keeps happening and eventually youjust
chalk it up as being part of the job. Shit happens.


Sew oma

HUNTER BOOK:

To: vigil.lise@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Criminals

It amuses me that so many people who are against
Hannibal never had to deal with evil until they were
called. Has anyone else noticed this? Where | live, you
face danger everyday. Same for my line of work. Anyone

youmeet could want more than aride. Until recently, we
didn'tknow thatall thecriminalsweren'thuman. (Coach,
why don'tyouask Dana about this one?) But | know from
experience that not all criminals are monsters. People
hit, rob and kill. Normal people are not the pure little
‘children that Oursine makes them out to be. Actually, I
am surprised by her opinions, considering she's a reporter
and she sees all the evil that people do. I wonder if
Oursine was so shocked to find out that horrible, irre-
deemable things walk the Earth that she created a hiding
place for herself. It's the old "us" versus "them" thing.
Unfortunately, not all people are on our side.

Famity Dystunerions

If |am understanding you correctly. Hannibal, you
Say that we should give up our morals because the adds
are no longer the same in the game. | am not in agree-
ment. [think that we have toholdonto them evenmore,
so that we donot become like the monstres. When |look
at the people you call "ignorant dorks," | see farnilies.
Some among us, not like you. have farnilies. We have
homes. We try to keep an image of normalcy for those
we love, because we can not desert them. No one has
theright toask that of us—not even the power that has

| asserted itself and made us what we are.

Since you are so intelligent and so experienced, tell
ushowyou think we should become killing machines while
still maintaining family. friends and jobs. We still must
eat. We still need love. Do you know loveP

That sounds like a challenge, Oursine. Fine. You asked my opinion.
Youre fucking going to getit. Before you doanything else, youhave toget
your shit together. You have to plan. Sure, it takes money to eat, to put a
roof over yourheadand to equip yourself properly. Butif the shit I've heard
onthelistis anywhere near true, you peopleare out there fucking up, trying
to hold onto life as it was and maintaining your status quo.

Your lives went up in smoke the moment you sparked. Give it up!
Youre dead. You're gone. The women, men, mothers, fathers, wives or
husbands that you used to be have disappeared. You've got a price on
your head now. Youre wanted. Do you _ really _ think youre doing
anyone a favor by sticking to your old values and pretending to be
something youre not? Youre kidding yourself and youre setting your
lovedones up fora fall. There's a price to pay sometimes,andsometimes
that means the loss of lives. Your destiny has sacrificed your lifestyle

Go ahead, all the same. though. Eat your meatioaves, play your
checkers and read your bedtime stories. Just don't be surprised when
the flies come buzzing around your little nest.

The big, bad wolfis huffing and puffing at your house. Eventually, it
wil blow your fucking house down. Your world will crash around your
ears. You think Im kidding? Look around. Look at all those who have
already experienced it. No one can live two lives for long. Angel by day.
Vengeful whore by night It catches up.

Yet whenit does, there are people who can help you pick up the
pieces. You don't have to sleep in the fucking gutter or eat out of
dumpsters. Planning ahead helps. Take out very solid life insurance

aT

policies on all your family members and yourself. Do it nght now. Ifany
of them get eaten, youllhave the money youneed tosave the rest and
getrevenge. If yougeteaten, your family's set. Peace of mind. it's called
in the infomercials. Of course, I've listed both my removed family (yes,
Ihave one) and a certain non-profit organization as my beneficianes.
This organization, called the Rose Foundation, helps those like us.
Itdoes many other things as well, socially praise-worthy things, which
keepitlegitimate in the public eye. Its founder and principal benefactor,
who chooses to remain anonymous, created the group toget money +
to those of us who've had our feet. breath and finances knocked out.
Don't even bother petitioning for cash unless you really needit. The RF
keeps a close eye on us. It knows when you've been naughty or nice.
Itknows whether you deserve a present or a lump of fucking coal.

ToT etc or Nor ro Vet

Hf youdo try tolive twolives, Oursine, have a question. How are you
going to explain when Mommy comes home from a PTA meeting
coveredin blood, brains stuck in her hair and a 9mm in her purse? The old
community theater excuse only goes so far. Are you going to tell your kid
that youre an intemational spy ora govemment agent'? What about your
husband? You think they're going to understand? To not want tohelp? Or
worse, nottry to protect you from the monsters thatare trying tokillyou?
Goaheadandexpiainit to them. Ifthey don'thave youlockedup_again_.
they're going to become even more of a burden than they already are.

Is that what you mean by maintaining a semblance of the old
morals, Oursine? Lying to your family? Leading the monsters home to
them? Is that what you recommend for the rest of us? That's fucked
up. The rules have changed for us all. Tum the page. No, the page was
tumed for you. Quit trying to be something youTe not.

Toots oF rH TRADE

Has anyone besides me noticed that Oursine has finally shut the
hell up? What's the matter? Am | making sense to you? You and
people like you want to put us all into neat little pigeon holes and
make rules for our behavior. Il bet you're in the French version of the
moral majority, aren't you? It's not so simple though, sister. It's never
that simple. Maybe once you've been around awhile, you'll under
stand what I'm talking about.

From: descent88
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Compassion

Jesus, Hannibal. Show a little compassion, will you?
I know it's rough out there, but that doesn't mean you
have to be so brutal about it. It's not so easy for some
people to just turn their backs on their lives. Sure, you
have a point that everything changes once you're im-
bued, but that doesn't necessarily turn us into unfeeling,
uncaring people. It doesn't make us "poof" into hard-ass
mercenaries. I've known both sides of that coin.

I agree that you have to plan in ways you never
thought before. Insurance, a will, the whole kit and
| caboodle. Our kind are dying left and right. There's
/no denying that. Some of us feel even closer to our
loved ones after our eyes are opened. We realize just
how important they are to us because death is sud-
denly right there, breathing down our necks.

It may not even help to have dealt with the dead
_before_. After your eyes are opened, it takes on a
whole new meaning.


CHAPTER 2: TRIALS AND TRIBULATIONS

Idon'tgethow Oursine can suggesta moral code forus when ourjoos
areso fucked up. I mean, ook at the things were up against This isnt one of
those Od World polite battles where everyone stops shooting at sundown,
and takes holidays off. This is the Bg These bastards don't pull any
punches. They use peopleas cannon fod ‘ouwantsomebody toblame,
blame the prick who forged those mortgage papers and forced my hand.

We all fight this war differently. What works for Joe Blow usually
doesn't work foranyone eke. Itall depends on what you're protecting and
whoscomingafterit Thereare no rues in this f
Hows Secuniry (Yiaicks AND Years)

Of course, you can maximize your chanci
with alittle forethought like | tried to fucking do
strutting in and shot my trap all to shit. I gi that's the drawback of
home security. Good guys can get caught ir \just as eas!
fuckers they're intended for

Around my
different purpo: e Nooping
around. You can t it little slits in your door and
doorframe, thenstri mgabitor three ad between them. This works bette!
than any expensive-as-shit electronic alarm. If the thread is gone.
somebody opened the door. Works on windows, too. Stretch thin
your floor, at ankle-level across doorways and on
stairs. You get use 4 to stepping over it. Others don't notice. Just don't
attach it too firmly to the doorframe or the trespasser wil feel it.

Try sprea y power on the front steps. Once it's been
messed up, it's pretty thing sticks to
shoes quite as wellortre acksb Sprinkle eitony your windowsills, too.
Once you've done all this, set yourself 3 routine of che king them al
when yougethome. Start outside and move inward. Don't fuck up and
forget. The one time you do, youll be real sorry.

Escare Roures

If you live anywhere but on the first floor, get yourself some
knotted rope and make ladders — several of them. Pretend youre the
fucking fire marshal. Put them in your house wherever you have
upper-story windows. This is just common sense. You never know
when you'll have to make a hasty retreat. Train your kids to use them.
Train your spouse. They hesitate, they're dead. Do drills so they never
question you when you tell them to get the fuck out of the house.

If you can, make a hiding place in your house. | recommend
closing off a closet and cutting a trap door into the attic. Think about
it You want two exits out of it. You don't want to be trapped in your
ownhidingplace. Sys ‘of those big wardrobe things in frontofitand

cutadoorin thet f the wardrobe to get to it. Supply it. Putin food
and water. weapons anda cell phone. Be smart. What's that Boy Scout
motto? Something about being prepared? Do it.

Wearonry
The best defense starts at a shooting range. Get yourself a
a big one that shoots big bullets. Don't fuck around with weapons. |

From: bocal77
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org

Subject: Help

I should be so lucky as Americans.

Where do I gets a gun? My friend Massimo he
has a bird gun we used, but now the police have come
and found that the bullets he has to register, some are
now gone toshoot an ogre near Cortona! Now what?
He's gone to jail and the creature she know it!
In boca al lupo!
Crepi al lupo!


HUNTER BOOK: DEFEN

DER

once saw a shambler tear the head off a girl who had just shot it five
times. One bullet even hit it in the face!. The dumb bitch was packing
one of those pussy purse poppers that girls think are cute. | quarantee
she didn't think it was cute when herhead was separate from her body.
This isn't a fashion show. There's no room for squeamishness in what
wedo. Youhavetolike the taste of blood or you mightas wellgodown
to the funeral parlor right now and pick out your coffin.

Some of us have contacts. If you live somewhere like | do where
you can't get an automatic or semi-automatic easily, speak up! Itll
probably cost you. Hell, you know it will. But what's your life worth?

Youaso gotto think about where youre gonna keep your guns. Lock
themawayinasteelcabinetso yourkidscan'tgetatthemandit'sequallyhard
for you to get at them in a heartbeat Something to think about, huh'?

Inthemovies the hero always wins. Their families may get fucked
up a little, scared a lot or kidnapped or some shit, but they always
survive, don'tthey? Yours won't. There's areason for that. If you're out
killing these assholes, sooner orlater, one of themis going to follow you
home. You have to think about all this _now_. Those bastards out
there are playing for keeps. It's survival of the fittest and they intend to
be at the top of the food chain. Shit, they already are.

JUDGMENT

Ikilled those people. | admit it. | killed four mindless puppets that
plotted against me. They were dead the moment that fucker used
them to try to get my property from me. | shot them to shut them up.
| got my deed and those forged mortgage papers back, too. And |
showed that fucker witch exactly whathe was upagainst. Andif you'd
left me alone, Oursine, your friend wouldn't have died.

What you didn't Know was that me and that bastard had been
going around and around for a while, ever since | bought that property
Out from under him. | knew what was under that house. So did he, and
he wantedit bad. He andhis butthole friends jumped me a couple times.
|almost died protecting that place. But each time he came, | leameda
little more about him. | Knew what he could do and what he couldn't.

Sure, the locals thought | was crazy, but that's because | never
wentout. When | did, | wound up with traffic lights changing wrong on
me, near accidents, near misses and near death. 'm not stupid. | knew
|hada price on my head, and that bastard, the one whose appearance
bothered your tender sensibilities, was behind it all.

Then here you come with your self-righteous attitude and your
search for this guy who was lost the moment you let him get nabbed,

To: vigil-list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Guns
l agree that a gun is important. Hell, several
. [carry a pistol and keep a shotgun, a baseball
t and a knife in my cab. I learned to shoot in
Michigan, on the farm of a friend. But even the
biggest firepower isn't going to help you if you don't
| use your head. You go off half-cocked into a nest of
"monsters and you'll just disappear. I say use whatever
"means necessary to get the fuckers out of your neigh-
othood. But not everyone is as macho as Hannibal.
‘e each have strengths and we have to use them to
‘the best of our ability. Like the guy who runs that
Rose Foundation. I bet he hasn't blown away more
than a handful of rots. He's got a different calling.
That's cool by me.

and you screw everything up. What little Miss Oursine has failed to tell
you is that when she showed up at my place, all huffy and ragging
about the four people | killed, she walked rightinto the trap |had set for
Mr. Black. She says | was screaming at her. but you should have seen
her with her face all red and her screechy accusations. She screamed
just as much as | did, if not more. She didn't show up to try to help me.
She showed up to fucking nag me up one side and down the other. |
know that look. | got an ex-wife.

So, yeah, | pulled her in the house. | had to shut her up. Mr. Black
was on his way and | didn't have time to inform my uninvited guest of
the plan. | never meant to knock her out. That was an accident, though
Igottoadmititsure as hell made it easier to tuck her safely away where
she couldn't fuck things up. | didn't trust her to back me. As far as was
concemed, her attitude made her a liability. | figured she'd just as soon
tum on me ina snit as fight at my side.

Black showed up all right. He killed my helper and snuck in the
back while was making Oursine comfortable. The bastard must've
heard all the shouting. He knew | was home. | didn't want him to
know that. My trap failed, thanks to Oursine. | lost a good friend. |
found his body later.

Black came at me with everything he had. Desperate men do
desperate things. Fortunately, I'd rigged the house with tripwires and
other alarms, so|heard the bastard coming up the stairs. First thing had
to do was get away from Oursine. No fucking way | was gonna let
Black holdher life over my head. Problem was, there was only one way
out and Black was coming that way. So, | charged him. | came out
shootinganddidn'tstop moving until hadslammedpasthimand fallen
down the stairs. Hit my elbow hard.

Surprise is a beautiful thing. Don't you forget it. | stunned Black
long enough to haul my ass up and run into the kitchen. That's when |
leamed Black hadn't come alone. He hada new partner. I'd killed all the
others. Bastard was in the backyard, getting ready to open the cellar
door. | didn't bother to stop him. The explosives I'd rigged there would
do the trick for me. Another reason why I didn't want that little lady Id
stashed upstairs wandering around. | hit the deck. The explosion blew
out all my windows. It was impressive, | have to admit. Cocky witches
think they're invulnerable. Well, old Hannibal showed that one different.

Better yet. Black came into the kitchenjustas the bomb went off. He
got hit with plenty of glass. It didn't stop him, but it sure helped his looks.

| knew better than to stay down. | hit my feet and started
shooting again. | must have put three slugs into Black. The impact
sent him into the living room, on his back. I'd have finished him right
then and there, but | was out of ammo. | had more guns stashed in
the shed outside, so! went to get them. | already knew Black would
get up again. He always did. Bastard once had his belly and dick
blown apart — by me — and laughed in my face as | watched the
wounds close up. They didn't mend nice and pretty, though. They
looked all fucked up. I've laughed at that plenty of times since,
thinking about how Black would never get laid again. That's prob:
ably why he hated me so much.

Imade it to the shed, all right. | grabbed what I needed and went to
leave, but the door wouldn't open. Black had followed me faster than Id
expected. It started getting hot in there, real hot | tried throwing myself
against the door. but it wouldn't budge. | tried shooting it. but that didn't
doany good. | was trapped and starting to sweat. | mean, the sweat was
pouring off me. Because of the heat. not because | was scared. 'dalways
figured I'd bite it sooner than later. and that day was as good as any. But
| wasn't going to die with a whimper. No fucking way.

| tried everything | could think of to get out of that shed. The tin
roof started tuming red, it was so hot. | realized that was how he was
doing it. He was heating up the roof somehow. | smelled something
buming. The roof was starting to set the timbers on fire. I had all that
ammo in there and | was definitely going out with a bang.

Black started laughing. | guess he figured | had exhausted all my
ideas. That pissed me off. | wasn't going to let him get the best of me.


If was going out, so was he. | was feeling pretty weak by that time. |
felt like | was cooking. | guess | was. The shed hada utility sink. I tumed
iton and wet my hair. That's when | got my idea.

Istarted shouting. "Let me out of here. you son of a bitch! | got all
My ammo in here! It's gonna blow" | figured that'd make him back off
toasafe distanceandmaybe even getbehindsomething to protecthis
hide. The heat didn't let off, but that didn't surprise me. One of the
beams caught fire. The time had come.

Igrabbed a wrench and started unhooking the utility sink. It was
abigone, made of stainless steel. | figured might cook underit, butIhad
more of achance there than | did getting blown to bits in the middle of
theshed. Unhooking the sink took too damn long, but! gotit done. The
freed pipe spewed water everywhere, sizzling where it hit. Smoke
was filling the shed and | could barely breathe. A shell exploded like a
big firecracker. Then another. Itumed the sink upside down overahole
Iddug to hide some guns.|gotdowninto the hole and covered myself.
Imnosmall man, but | tell you, when your assis on the line, it's amazing
how itl clinch tight enough to fit into the smallest place. | originally
thought to cut some garden hose and thread it through the drain pipe.
but | didn't have time. | hoped the explosion would blow out the fire.
And that's exactly whathappened, faras | could tell. Talk about the 4th
of July! My ears are still ringing from the shotand bullets ricocheting off
the sink. That was the longest few minutes of my life.

Idon't know when | crawled out, but it couldn'thave been much
later. All| wanted was air. The wreckage was beautiful — smoldering
timbers and melted metal. Soon as | was out, a bumt beam gave way
and the tin roof collapsed onto the whole mess. | tell you, that's one of
those shit-your-pants moments. | didn't, but man, | came close. My
clothes and hair were singed. My skin was red and biistered. Hey. | was
alive. And | have a talentjust like Black's. | can fix myself up with my
mind. It didn't put me back to perfect. but it sure helped a hell of a lot.
Imade myself quit coughing and hocked up a big ball of soot and snot.
Imade my skin quit burning. Then | went after Black.

It didn't take a genius to figure out Black was already in the
cellar. | knew that's where he'd go just as soon as he thought | was
dead. So that's where | headed, too. The cellar door explosives had
been rigged to blow outward, but it still left a big hole in the ground
fight where the entry had been. It also collapsed some of the first
room of the cellar, but | could see the opening where Black had dug
to get to the cavern. Once again, | had surprise on my side and |
planned to take full advantage of it.

Now, this part's kind of weird to tell — and | was there! | head
down there and what do | find? A bloody. fucked up Black sitting
naked in the spring. At first | thought he was dead. He had his eyes
closed and he wasn't moving. watched him alittle, trying to figure out
the best way to kill him, and that's when I noticed the strange move-
ment of the water and the mist: It looked like it was soaking into him
and fixing him up! | couldn't let that happen.

GHAPYER2:TRIRLS AND TRIBULATIONS [>

To: vigil. list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Hannibal's Story
Now that we have both sides of the story, I would
like to make a suggestion. Let's all take a breath, say
some prayers for guidance and really consider what
we're talking about here. I know it's very easy to get
upset when defenseless people get killed. I see it
happen every day. It's what we call life. lalso know it's
very easy to point fingers. I think we should give
Hannibal some serious consideration. | mean, he had
reasons for doing what he did thatseemed right tohim
at the time. I'm not saying they were good or bad
asons. He just had his reasons.
| The last thing I want to worry about when I'm
"up to my ass in_them_is whether the people on this
list are going to turn their backs on me. There's some
serious issues here that we have to think about. We
shouldn't make our decision based on anger. Let's
take a step back and breathe. Who knows? Maybe
Oursine wouldn't even have been around to make
her complaint if Hannibal hadn't locked her up.

Ihad thoughtit might come this farsome day,so I'd hida revolver
downthere._Planningahead_.yousee.Icoveredmy bases. But when.
I pushed aside the rock to reach in the hole for the gun, Black woke up.

There was fear in his eyes. He raised a hand and shouted, "Not in
here!" or something like that.

You think listened? Ishothim once. That's allit took. Hit him right
between the eyes and threw his head and half his brains against the
wall Tums out he knew something | didn't. The bullet ricocheted, but
notnormal. Fuckerjustkept going and going, hitting off the walls. tried
todive out of there but the bullet still found me. Itblew straight through
my shoulder while | was crawling back up the incline to the cellar. llay
there bleeding for awhile, but | survived.

By the time | got out of the cellar, it was dark. I fixed myselfup and
tried to put my place back together as best | could. | put Black, all the
pieces of his friend and my dead buddy in Black's car. | took it out to
Route 9 and ranit into a tree. Then | blew it up. | calleda friend of mine
andhadhim let Oursine go. | didn't want tosee her. Apparently, she was.
sopissedshe didn'teven notice the destruction in the yard. Apparently,
she was So pissed that she couldn't see the forest for the trees. Take
my advice, gif. Watch your own back and Ill watch mine. Don't come
around here again. Next time. Il really kick your ass.


/
. "A
; | Wh

———==
- a ut


CHAPTER 3: QUR FUTURE

He sitteth alone and keepeth silence, because he hath

borne it upon him.

— Lamentations 3:28

EULOGY

From: oursinell3
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Why?

Mon Dieu, we have lost another of our people. She
was a doctor who dedicated herself to helping the rest
of our kind. Many considered her a friend. She touched
numerous lives in the little time she had after her
initiation. | will always believe that she had a special
purpose here with us.

She once wrote to me, "We cannot hide in our
comers and protect only those precious things for
which we received our calling. We must also protect
each other. We are not just here to challenge the
monsters. We're here to challenge one another." She
believed that the real victims in this war are the initi-
ated, us. She dedicated herself to raising spirits that
had fallen. In her way. she helped to protect us all from
descending completely into the pits of Hell.

have thought a lot about Hannibal and my changes

him, certainiy naw that | see others who support
him. [have searched myself to see if] truly believe Ido the
cormect thing and Ihave concluded that cannot give up. Ido
notbelieve that Hannibal needed to kill those people. Idonat
believe that we shouid kill anyone who gets on our path. My
deceased friend did not believe this. either. She hated the
killing. She hated to watch what we are becoming.

Wewere her charge. We have lost one of our best.
Because of her death, we are a little closer to ruin. |
believe this with all my heart. The monstres have dealt
tousasevereblow. Inenewmychargesagainst Hannibal
because we must all See that we are not the monstres
and we do not have to behave like them.

In tribute to my friend's memony. | offer the follaw-
ing discours. Consider it with all the dedication that one
of our fallen gave us. There is nothing more that Icando.

Tomorrows

Is there a light at the end of this tunnel? Will this
dark times ever end? Who are we? What are we? Why
has this been done to us? These questions have
haunted me from the moment of my initiation. Since
then, my life has tured upside-down. lar not unique.
Every one of you knows how | feel myself. Although we
may express it differently, all of us, we know the an-
guish, terror and uncertainty that accompanies the
responsibility destiny has heaped upon our shoulders.

To what distance should we go for to live up to this
responsibility? Are there horizons we should not
traverse P And more important, why not It depends of
what we hold important. Perspective. Me. | believe
that this is the thing the most important to what we
do. Perspective. We must sustain it.

In the future, the world will have changed. It is always
doing that. It cannot help itself. | wormy myself of its

From: hannibal137
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Re: Mourning
You know, | feel real bad that your friend is dead,
Oursine. But I got to say, I seriously fucking doubt she
would appreciate you using her memory in a personal
crusade against me. I mean, shit, where was all this
| sorrow and sympathy for the dead when I lostmy friend
to Black? Youhaven'tsaidaword about that, have you?
Lady, I don't know what kind of emotional
comfort you get from your self-righteous and vindic-
tive attack on me, but it sucks. I'm just a guy out here
trying to keep my head above water and maybe fuck

up the plans of a few freaks along the way.


HUNTER BOOK:

direction and what it will become. | have heard many
different prophesies. some that call for doom. some fullof
hope. Can we really know what will happen? No. We never
predicted what ishappening now. Before our initiations, we
did our daily routines, kissed our children, attended our
businessmeetings, went to the marché withoutanysense
of the place where we would be today or of the information

Does it matter what tomorowholds? Perhapsitdoes.
Perhaps it does not. | like well to think that if we had not
enjoyed the little things of our earlier lives. we would never
fight as diligently as we do. What will arrive if we forget the
Joy of those simple pleasures? What will arrive if we be-
comehardand without emotion like Hannibal? lask myself.

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: dragon218
Subject: Re: Why?

Always there be monsters come worry us. There
always be suffering. We accept this. In perfect world,
they are there. Good and evil fall from balance. We
fight regain balance, but we not overturn balance. If
"overturn balance, we kill us all and we defeat selves.
This is way of Kessanhito.

Those who Hannibal kill not die with honor.
They die in dishonor. Hannibal notgive them chance
balance self. Is wrong. Some will die in fight. They
have much honor. I hope I have good fortune to find
death athand of enemy. Ifdo, I assure, Idie not alone.

My doctor fiendasked herself, too. She was telling me
@lways to take a wak in the park, to see a filmor to have an
espresso in the sidewalk café. She said that these things
help us to quard our . They remind us of way we
envsion today will be the tomorow we enjoy." It bothered
her greatly that same among Us believe our purpose fs to
become the next plateau of human growth. "No," she said.
"We are not better than thase who have not taken the
Watch: we are more vulnerable." It took me a long time to
understand what she meant, but now | believe | do. She
meant that the initiation puts us in danger. This danger
comes in many forms, physical. mental and emotional.

We are now more likely to have a divorce, to watch
friends die violently. or to die ourselves. We do not have
the luxury of security or of blissful ignorance. We know
what is lurking behind it. We see our grim reaper's face
and know his name. When all appears lost. we must look
beyond that skeletal visage to a future where all people
will live in harmony and security.

Waar Reour Yopay?

Idon't got time to think a
on my house. | sure as hell d
field of wildflowers. S
Sure, | got things planne

further ahead than the next attack
‘thave time to go wiggle my toes ina
ot things set up in Ikick the bucket.
or when the next witch comes sniffing
around my place. ck don't got any urge to plan for the
next couple h is here and now. Seems to me
philosophy isal can 1, My life is all about bullets and
f e at | protect. I'm happy if] wake up in

get through a day without some
guess if we have to talk about the


Freedom oF CHoice

Wearenot obligated todo this. Weelectit. Eachone
among us could sit down and refuse to do anything for
the duration of our lives. But we do not. WhyP Me. |
believe we do it because we all, each inher own way. love
the world. The world belongs to us. We feelaresponsibil-
ity toward it and to all of humanity. We are protective of
it. like a mother is protective of her child or a child is
protective of her mother. | doubt that any one among
you can deny this. Somewhere in our hearts and souls,
we hope for a future particularly beautiful for our world.

It is possible that your future does not have the
same qualities as mine, but does that truly matter? Your
vision is enough to make you combat the cauchemars
that threaten it. The choice you made, to save some-
thing. implies that you have fear of these creatures and
that you care enough to defend against them.

Someone has intervened or something has hap-
pened to enlighten us and to let us see. Why? The
answer to me seems obvious. So we cando something
aboutit. Notevenyone knows the monstres walkamong
us. Most of the world continues to live life as if nothing
has changed. They worry themselves about their bills,
about whether their children are healthy. and whether
traffic will make them late to their appointments. If
only life were that simple again. | miss those days.

But, for a reason unknown. we the initiated have
come of age. We were ready. All the others were not,
still are not. They deny what we tell them with all the
ferocity of a child who does not want to believe there is
no Pére Noél. Like parents. we do the ugly work, cut the
paper, apply the tape. curl the ribbons. suffer paper
cuts and stay up late at night to place the presents
under the tree. We eat the cookies. We drink the milk.
We doitso that our children willawaken in the moming.
run down to see what Pere Noél has left for them. We
do it so that they can still believe.

Why do parents foster a belief in Pere Noel? Why do.
we teach our children to put their fallen teeth under their
pillows? Whydowenotrevealall the realities of the world?
| believe we do it for two reasons. For to instill a sense of
marvel in our children. Like this, we invest in the future.
And because secretly we wish we could still believe.

It is a shame. noP That we have lost that inno-
cence? Once itis gone, itis gone for forever. You cannot
reclose the eyes that have opened and seen the truth.
The initiation denies us blissful ignorance. What gifts do
we receive in exchange? We can watch faces of others.
blessediy ignorant light up when the wonder of the world
still delights them. We have the satisfaction of knowing
that another day or season passes happily and our
children, our wards. remain safe from the monstres.

No Guoree ar Act

Why does any parent work his ass off to put food on the table for
his family? Notallof them do, but there's guys out there who work two
or three jobs to buy cereal, shoes and school books for his kids. Most
of the time. he's not thinking about who his kids will marry or whether
they'll do okay twenty years down the road. He's thinking about
getting them through kindergarten, g 1001 or high school in one
piece, fed and clothed. Maybe thos Scan worry about
which college their kid's gonna go to, f us poor folk are just
trying to keep kids alive. It's day to da

Sonow weall gota betteridea J
is. Whenweawoke that day andsaw the monsters, we all became poor.
Ifany of you used to think you were on top of t had your good
jobs and your 401 Ks... Things have changed, haven't they? You're blue
collarnow. Youre poor and you gotta sweat rightalong with the rest of

CHAPTER 3: QUR FUTURE

From: howitzerl 14
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Are we crazy?

Arewe? Has it occurred to anyone that maybe we're
nuts? Obsessive and compulsively paranoid, if there is
such a thing? I mean, listen to us. We're debating what
_might_ happen years down the line, and meanwhile
there are bloodsuckers, zombies, werewolves, ghosts and
_things_ out there right now, getting ready to eat
whoever crosses their path. Don't we have anything
better to do than gawk with morbid curiosity at other
people's misfortunes, wax poetic and criticize our fel-
lows? This kind of diversion may take our minds off the
horrible truth for a little while, but... are we crazy?

Maybe we should just come out of the closet as
a group. Tell everyone. There's monsters out there
that are sucking your blood and eating your kids!
No, you can't see them, but we can!

Maybe if we shout loud enough, people will begin to
believe us. Wouldn't it be great if some day everyone
knew about the monsters? Then again, they might just
put us all in straightjackets and call it mass-hysteria.
We'd make history. We'd be famous. Maybe we could
get ashoton Jerry Springer. And then a day, a month or
ayear later, all the things would pick us off one at a time.

us, because the bastards rule everything. We've been taken down a
notch. That's the cold reality of it. Maybe they didn't take your money or
your fancy job, but they sure took away your security, didn't they?

is, what's the point of wasting your time
picking your kids' college when they need help right here, nght now,
staying fucking alive? It doesn't do any good to think about the future
if you don't have your shit together __now_. While you're debating
where we'll be _ years from now_. the fuckers are out there doing
what it takes to destroy us_now_. We've got to quit talking so much
and protect what's ours!

Conety ar vHE Top

Yes. we as protectors have children. but our chil-
dren are young and old. They're everyone we know.
What makes them des enfants is that they do not
understand what is happening. Therefore, itis to us to
make decisions for them. We have a great deal of
power, you know? What we do today decides the fu-
ture for all people. In many ways, we have the power of
life and death on them. How do we choose who to
saver Our numbers are limited and we are dying every
day. We can not save them all. Who do we save?

It is lonely at the top. The kings and the presi-
dents make decisions of this genre every day.
Militaristes do it as well. They understand that there
are some who must die and some who will live. Who
dies? Who lives? And what impact will this have on
the path our future takes? How do we choose? If you
had to choose between protecting a teenager or a
pregnant woman. who would you choose? Perhaps
the teenager will be an important scientist. but the
mother and her child will die anyway. killed by a driver
@ year later. How do we choose?

No one among us can know what the future holds,
but we must approach our decisions very seriously.
The day will come when we will have freed the Earth of

a


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

From: sixofswords29
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Why?

Who do we choose to save? You may think this is
anew question, but it is not. Firemen and policemen
make these decisions every day. The answer is simple.
You try to save them all, but if you must choose, you

| choose the one that is easiest to save. Reason for this?

| Because you want to succeed and you want to get out

| yourself. You choose the one who is most difficult to

save, then you might fail altogether and all will die. It
is a very practical question and answer.

Hannibal is very practical. He understands the
danger of these creatures, but Oursine does not. She
doesnot see that they control somuch of the world. She
does not see or chooses not to acknowledge. The
conspiracy is vast. The situation is dire. Oursine sets her
sights too high and she fails. She tries to save the more
difficult victim. In the end, this will drag her down, too.

the monstres. When that happens, we will be the be-
ings the most powerful on the globe. What does that
mean? It means that we take care that our children do
not have the reason to destroy us.

Attn Tuts Toceraer

People are our allies. We must never forget this
and always treat them with the respect that they
deserve. | talk about them being our children, ours to
protect, but the truth does not stop there. Slavers
throughout histony have taken the view that their
slaves would return to savagery if they were not pro-
tected and guided. Many people have subjugated
others because of the philosophy that they were help-
ing the other race or gender, the "weaker" one. We
must not allow ourselves to become trapped by what
some of us perceive as our own superiority.

We were all common people at one point — we still
are. We are not weak. Humanity is strong. in numbers
and in heart. The day will come when they will rise
against us, and successfully. if we attempt to place
ourselves above them, use them as pawns in our fight
or kill them without consideration to their rights.

Our mre Coun

Remember when we were deaf, dumb and blind toall this creepy
shit? do. And| know plenty of people who not only still are, but prefer
it that way. That's why the world needs us. Because most people don't
want to know, and wouldn't do anything about it if they did.

There aren't many people out there who can help us. Think about
all the people you know. The old folks, the young kids, the retards, the
dumb fucks who think the most important things in life are their pick-up
trucks and whether or not they'l get laid this weekend. How many of
them are gonna help us? Not too fucking many. Sure, there are people
out there who will. Some who are already doing it, but don't even realize
it But there are plenty of others who work against us and don't know it.
These people are useless. Worse, they help to fuck us up. These people
aren't worth shit. They're just as dangerous as the bastards who control
them, and it's no great loss to get rid of a few of them.

Humiurry

The Bible says that the meek shall inherit the Earth.
Someone | think has badly translated this. or perhaps

ss =

the original intent has become lost. People would never
have come so long if we had been meek. The frontiers
wehave crossed were not breached by the weakofmind
orheart. Technology would never have advanced to this
degree if our scientists and inventors had not dug deep
into their souls and found the bravery and initiative to
reach. Our world exists as it does because of the bold
and the brave, not for the meek.

the metaphor means simply thatashuman
beings we must reserve a certain amount of humility. We
are all in this together. We are a race of creatures who
have risen above all others, or so we have thought. We
have the ability for massive destruction. Not only could
we destroy the entire world, but we destroy morsels of it
as we speak. Because of our attitude of superiority, our
pride, we drive any number of animal and plants into
extinction. We do this without thinking, without trying. It
happens, and that is all. It results from our negligence,
our selfishness and our belief that we, human beings,
more than all the other species, deserve every Iuxuny.

What will remain to inherit, if we pursue this?

If you add the word "humble" where the Bible claims
"meek," you find the old adage has more relevance. The
humble shail inherit the Earth. The hurmble — those who
donot think themselves above allothers, but who realize
they need other creatures — will indeed excel when they
finally realize the goal of overcoming their prideful neigh-
bors. Thase among Us who understand this must protect
our word from those who would ravage it. In this respect,
are the predators that feed onhumans worse than thase
Of us who subject their employees to dangerous work,
who commit genocide for political or racist reasons, or
who discard waste that makes people sick?

Aevion

Idon'tknow what makes you people think we got sucha wonder
ful world. | mean, take a look around people. Our rivers and forests are all
fuckedup. The rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. It's

From: descent88
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Re: Why?

There are many layers in life. We're not the only
ones to fight this war. You might call us the elite forces,
but we're no more important than those who combat
evil ona very mundane level. Law enforcement agen-
ciessuch as the police, government agencies, Interpol,
Scotland Yard and the American FBI have a more

| public face and a different subset of criminal targets,
| but their work is no less significant than ours. Do they
kill defenseless people? No. So why would we?

There have been people like us throughout history.
From the ancient druids to the Knights Templar, the
Rosicrucians to the Freemasons, we have had organiza-
Bloris,secrecaocicties that we theorize delved deeper i into
the occult than they let on. These organizations may or
may not have been our precursors. I have often won-
dered to what extent their efforts influenced the world.
I mean, what if they hadn't existed? Would we even be
here? Or would this now be a world run by creatures?

What ifourown protectors started shooting usin the
streets? You think we'd put up with it? I seriously doubt it.
Take a look at Northern Ireland. Is that what we want?


From: dole7
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Vote Form
It is time to make up our minds about the row
between Oursine1 13 and Hannibal137. Think about
this. There is no going back once you have made up
your mind. All votes are anonymous and you may vote
only once. Please email me privately if you have any
questions regarding this procedure or the case itself.
Charge: Oursinel 13 has charged Hannibal! 37
with unnecessarily murdering four unaware and
defenseless people.
InthematterofOursine1 13 vs. Hannibal137, I vote:
Not Guilty
Result: Defendant exonerated.
Guilty/Level 1 Warning — 1 point
Result: A "warned" member has a descrip-
tion of that warning attached to all emailsto members
of this list. Three warnings result in Censure.
Guilty/Level 2 Censure — 3 points
Result: Censure means temporary removal
from Vigil fora number of months chosen by Dole7,
anda report to the wider hunter community includ-
ing hunter-net and all subsidiaries thereof. If at the
time of Censure there are enough points for Anath-
ema, then appropriate action will be taken.
Guilty/Level 3 Anathema — 6 points
Result: Permanent removal from Vigil and
warning to the wider community of the hunter's
danger to the cause.
I choose not to vote.

Je got computers
isesome car

there that could tum us all into roac
goddamn maniacs. We got perverts in
stores carry m« hemicals the

Who did this? Who decided that we wanted
didn't. Most people didn't. So who dc
Who's been pulling them all along
fucking world back from the basta
taken almost every damn thinc had
gonna let them do it a
what they already stole.
tone

done is de
what we've let the

IcNoRANCE

I believe that | express for all of us when! say that
we do not want to become monstres ourselves. We
must become better than they are. Among the
monstres, we have some vampires, loups-garous,
fantomes, polluters. murderers, those who abuse
the children, pyromaniacs and many other preda-
tors. We must only regard the world for to see that we
have always had the monstres around us. and we

"» ek

CHAPTER 3: OUR FUTURE

From: descent88
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Oursine113 vs Hanniball37

I'm making my vote public because I feel that
everyone deserves to know how I voted and why. |
know that most people will vote in private, but I felt
a responsibility to be forthright with mine.

I cannot, in good conscience, condone what
Hannibal did because those people did not pose a direct
threat tohim. They hadknowledge thatcouldhurthim,
but his "Mr. Black" was dead. I believe Hannibal had
other options forclearing his deed besides going into the
bank during public hours and shooting the place up.

I vote guilty and recommend that Hannibal receive
the level 2 punishment. We all, afterall, deserve achance
to learn from our mistakes, however grave they may be.

could always see some of them. Now, we see more.
We see them more clearly.

It is funny to me how we preferred our ignorance
when we lived the ordinary lives. The newspapers filled
with stories of murders, rapes and attacks on children. ,
Were we numbe Whyare these things better or perhaps
| should say more acceptable, than the terrible things
the "supematural" monstres dor

Perhaps it was always the problem of someone else
before. We have thought that we could do nothing to
stop it. What has changed? We have some capabilities
now. Thatiswhathas changed. Sonowweseemonstres
and we obsess on them. We forget to remember our-
selves of the monstres that we have always known.

Aretherehumanmonstres ? Quills itournesponsibility
to cambat them alsoP | do not know. For so long. we have
relied to the system, the courts and the police to contend
with these criminals. It is difficult to negard this in a differ-
entmanner now. They have trained us well. They tellus we
mustnot become the vigilantes. lagree. Theyhave toldus
that it is wrong to take justice into our own hands. lagree.

However, the laws allow us to protect ourselves.
Liberté, fraternité et égalité. Thisis the code of France.
Letus instead embrace liberty, brotherhood and secu-
rity. The law tells us we have the right to security. In
self-defense, we have rights.

Is it our responsibility to protect the people from
human monstres e Ouil Why would we question this? Itis
evident. To protect, oui. To avenge. non. Toavenge. itis
to distract ourselves from the protection of those who
remain. Do not distract yourselves from your goal.

Icnorany on Hypocerricat!

Sothey comeinand they fuck up our stuff. They pay off the cops.
They control the press. They got their dirty fingers in our governments.
Hell.even Oursine agrees that there's fuckers out there whoare human
and who work against us. So, how come | get reamed for taking a
couple of them out? | don't get it. | was protecting my shit!

Our Waren

To: vigillist@hunter-netorg
From: coach]

Subject: Stand

"STAND.

That's the first thing the angels told me. | think we can use their
guidance to give us some direction. Our first job is to realize what we're
fighting for. Revenge? Ne, it can't be for that. We have to fight for
our world for the people who have been and remain pawns playthings

a ef


cova cattle. For some of us that may mean defending a city. a
or our families. | don't think the scope matters. Like
Ouran: | would call this finding your duty or even position.

After we've decided why we stand comes the hard part.
Now we have to actually get up on our own two feet and do it.
| guess all of us have done that now, but it needs to become our
work, our mission. There are victims everywhere. Go out and get
in the way of the monsters.

Suprrioriry

Anothersaying that lhaveoftenheardis that Godhelps
those who help themselves. This proverb seems to directly
contend with that which says the meek inherit the Earth —
unless youputhumble formeek. Severalamoangus imagine
that our abilities make us higher in growth or make us gods
sent for to lead the weak people to salvation. Hannibal is
frightening to me because he seems to believe that he is
more special than he is. He thinks that he can kill anyone he
wants. | say there ane more different methods.

Someamong us believe even that we are not only the
saviors, butalso the sole inheritors of the world. They think
that when all is complete, only those who have been
initiated will remain. The monstres will kill all the humans.
and we wil kill all the monstres. They believe that we were
Not initiated for to save the humanity of today. but tosave
the world for the humanity of tomorow. For them, this
future humanity resembles us much more than it re-
ssembles other people. These initiated see us like a superior
race, notasapartof thehumanrace that has specialgifts.

What is it that differentiates these racists frorn the
white supremicists, the genocidal leaders. the polluting
corporations and the monstres we fight? What if the
initiatedarenot theonlyhumansleftonceallthemonstres
are gone? Do we subjugate the others? Enslave theme
Do we inherit them, like chattel? | pose these questions
because | feel they are important to consider. The way
that we think today will choose how our future genera-
tions will think. Nowitis thehourtoestablisha constitution:
of thought to quide our descendants.

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Re: Why?

The Koran says, "True piety is this: To believe in
God, and the Last Day, the angels and the Book, and
the prophets, to give one's substance however cher-
ished to kinsmen andorphans, theneedy, the traveller,
the beggars, and to ransom the slave, to perform

| prayers, and to pay the alms, and they who fulfill the

ships and peril, these are they who are true in their
; faith, these are the truly God-fearing."
Life isnothing more thana test given to weed out
- the infidels. The faithful will join Allah. The infidels
will suffer eternally. The woman who calls herself
Oursine113 understands. It matters not what occurs
after we are gone. All that matters is what each of us
does in the name of The One God. Allah wants us to
"give one's substance" to kinsmen, orphans, needy,
travellers, beggars and slaves. To humanity. He has
given us the decree. We have but to obey.
I will die doing his bidding and assure myself a
place at His feet.

Hannibalis prejudiced. He talks badly about women
and makes derogatory commentaries about hamo-
sexuals. He is maybe also racist. Is he the kind of man
you want to know in the future?

No Secon Cuances

The way! figure it, every manor woman, and! mean human, gets
the chance to prove himself to me. He fucks up, | don't trust him. They
got a thing in the law too that they call guilt by association. If youre
buddy-buddy with a witch, I'm not gonna ask questions. !m gonna
cover my ass and shoot yours.

Yeah, we may just be cannon fodder for whatever powers put these
guns in our hands, but we're one of the few things that stands between
people and the enemy. We got chosen because we're smarter than every:
body else. We all know that. | mean, fuck, what percentage of people out
there ever pul theirheads out of their asses long enough to realize it doesn't
belong there? These are the dumbasses we're here to save, because they
can't save themselves. And besides, who in this future world will bag your
groceries for you? We need the dumbasses, but only if they're on our side.

INFERIORITY

We are expendable. That is not clear? | have often
asked myself if we were not chosen because we had so
little else to offer aside our lives. This does not make us
superior. It makes us inferior. A friend of mine said it best
when he wrote, "Every age has had its armies made up
of those who can't do anything else. The ‘rank and file"
haveno value aside from their ability to die for the cause
and hopefully take a few of the enemy with ther."

Typically, the quards protect the valuables. They ane
important only because they stand between what is truly
Important and the thieves who want to steal or destroy
these prized objets. We are the guards. We patrol and place
Our lives in jegpardy in order to protect people. If one guard

riftandwehave advanced for tofillit. Whenwedie, others will
take our place. We have no faces. We are expendable.

Make ur Your Mind

So either there are bad humans or there aren't. You can't have it
both fucking ways, Oursine. It's okay to protect yourself from murderers,
rapists and fucking child abusers, but it's not okay to protect yourself
from people who threaten you in more ambiguous ways? Shit Don't |
wish it was that fucking simple. | can't wait for the day when you have
to choose between shooting a normal human and losing your fucking
"charge." want to be there for that, believe me. If youask me. youre the
one who's naive here. Some day somebody's gonna really fuck youand
then thatsweetilittle moral chery of yours willpop so hard yourhead will
spin. When that day comes, remember old Hannibal, will you?

Denvn Aeven Cire. Cire Arree Deava?

In the secret places of our minds, we all know that
some day we will depart this world. Where will we gor
Will we go to Heaven? Will we reincarnate into new
bodies so we can continue this battle? Will we simply
cease to be? We all have death in our futures.

Some among us believe that we win our place in
Heaven by serving God and denying the devils. Are we the
shepherds. leadingand protecting the flocks P Someamang
us believe that we are eaming better circumstances for
ournext life. Some believe that thisisouroniy opportunity.
Ido not know what | believe, but do know that | fear to die.
We all do. but we persevere. We must. for even for our
short time here, some one must protect the things we
lave. Some among us even put ourselves in danger for our
future afterlives. hoping for a future that is brighter.

Death, itistheone thing that we Anowwith certainty will
be a part of our futures. The thought of death directs our


Choices. It controls even those who deny it. who refuse
actively to consider the possibility. These people spendaict
of energy on their denials, and their choices reflect it. Deep
Worst cruelty is that we will not be able to reap any benefits
from investments we could make in this one sure thing.

RESPONSIBILITIES

What a double-edged sword our initiations have
handed us. They imbued us with gifts of power, but
they also stole from us our lives and our security. They
heaped us with responsibilities. For whatever reason,
we have succeeded to touch a part of the reality that
most people never know. Our minds are expanded.
Many of our experiences resemble each others. This
tells me that there is an underlying truth to what is
happening. For me, it is a law of nature not discovered.
Cause andeffect implies responsibility. Something has
made this occur for a reason. We must only to lift
ourselves to the challenge to find out why.

We humans did not arrive where we are today by
facing each trouble with fight or flight. Our ancestors
have used their minds. They have created communities
and helped one another. They have developed technolo-
gles that improved their living conditions and eased their
burdens for them. They have bartered for goods and
services. Theyhave fostered communication. Theyhave
established democratic societies.

Most importantly. they have passed their acquired
knowledge down to their descendants. Thase who have
followed have accepted that wisdom and added to it.
adding their own experience and molding the old ways to
fit an ever-changing world. Now, itis to us to place anew
addition on that legacy. The world has changed again.

Fina Say

Youknow what pisses me offthe most' It's thatnone ofushaveany
fucking clue what's goingon, but we prance aroundiike wedo.|mean,how
can any of youhonestly say that didn't do the night thing? You can't You
got no idea how bad this situation is. Of course, | don't think we'd be here
if it weren't pretty fucking bad. We're stumbling around in the dark,
bickering at each other to try to establish some sort of goddamn pecking
order, and pretending we've got some mission that's going to save the
fucking world It's damn funny when you think aboutit because chances
are well all be dead before any of this shit we're talking about will matter
toanyone. And the fuckers who come after us willjust change it all again
anyway, because they'll have final say in how things will be done.

Guidance

We must leave a legacy for those who will follaw us.
Some among us believe that we are not the first of our
kind. Others believe we are. It does not matter, in my
opinion. Whatdoesmatteris that wehave foundno tomes
orinstructions to teach us. Any initiated who came before
left us nothing. We must change this. We must not leave
our descendants to furnble in the dark as we do.

Innormiall life, we build security throughout our lives in
hopes of passing it over to our children and grandchildren.
We give our wisdom. We teach. In more ancient times, we
raised walls and ramparts to protect our families. We
made the walls tall and strong. We acquired lands. We
saved forthe dowresand inheritances. Wemust continue
todo this. now. for the initiated whowillcome after us. Ifwe
do not, our battles and our deaths mean nothing.

We must form a community of ourselves. We are
the forefathers. Those who will come after us will live or
die by the standards that we provide. Here. on the
Internet, we have begun this process. Through making

CHAPTER 3: OUR FUY URE

contact and sharing our histories, experiences and
successes, we strengthen, we organize.

Idonot think have ever heard anyone describe us by
that word. Organization. Ithas twomeanings. Perhapswe
should try to fulfill the two.

Already | see some factions who are forming from
the many different viewpoints expressed on the lists.
Many of us here believe that our mission is to protect.
| fall in this category. However, among us there are
other factions that split us even further.

Isotarionisys

Some among us believe that Armageddon is upon
us. These people keep their own little section of the world
safe, to hell with the rest of us. | have heard ther called
recluse. They build their fortresses in the mountains, in
the forests or in fortified buildings in the city. Like bac-
gers, they burmow dawn and come out fighting only when -
@ predator threatens their territony. They intend. from
what | have heard. to simply weather the storm, to
survive. Hannibal is like this. Consider the paranoia and
insular thinking of his posts.

In truth, | have had moments where | thought that
these initiates, even Hannibal, were correct. Duringthese
times when | had the most fear, | wanted nothing more

k,
‘

Subject: Re: Why
From: dzidzat155
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org

It is true that heaven and earth are not in
balance, and that frightening creatures of hell walk
the land. We Chinese have always lived with de-
mons, though. It is the way of the ages.

Perhaps my uncle's training as a fang shi gives me a
differentperspective thanevenmostcitizensofHongKong,
but I find it most gratifying to see the people of the West
grappling to comprehend that the beasts of Yin and Yang
have been there all along. Even though I too fight them, it
does my heart good to see the shoe on the other foot!

With help from my uncle I have banished sev-
eral kuei ghosts from my neighborhood for fear of
| what they might do to my family. I do not under-
stand though the mindset of killers like Hannibal.
The spirits are everywhere. As he would so color-
fully say, "get used to ir."

Since the Great Ancestors have spoken to me |
feel like we are meant to restore balance, not commit
murder. Things have fallen from balance, and as the
Ancestors told me, itis the fault of the fallen shen. We
have been chosen to restore that balance. Harmony
must first be restored at home, then beyond.

This is not always done by destroying beasts. The
creatures are necessarily creatures of imbalance. Restore
the balance of your home and the evil creatures will no
longer feel at peace there. They will flee, change or die.
This can be accomplished in mundane means. Clean-
ing, aligning yourself and dwelling with the forces of
sa being kind to one another, honoring your tradi-
tions, and responsibilities, restoring your faith — all of
these ways are more effective than using weapons.


than to lock the windows, pull the shades and barricade
the door. Who am | to say that these people will not be
the only ones standing when all is finished? Perhaps
they will crawl from their burrows one day to find the
smoking heap of rubble. The irony is that when that
happens, their responsibilities will be even greater than
they are now. The badgers will have to rebuild, each an
his own, for each will fear and retreat from all others.

Prioniriss

Sure, we got some sort of major job to do here. You might think it's
tonixall these bowel-sucking bastards. Well, |disagree. You assume a hell
Of alotif you think that The biggest mistake any of us could make is that
wecankillthemalloff. Wecan't We won't Thesmarter we get. thesmarter
theyll get. Theyll eventually go underground. Yeah, so humanity has
gotten really good at wiping out whole species, but most of thase didn't
know theirassholes from aholein the ground. They didn tknowany better
than to eat packing peanuts. Ifit don't taste good, don't eat it. That's why
humans are_near_ the top of the food chain. We got brains.

Problemis.so do these rotted, creeping, witch bastards. They're not
dumband they've got time on theirside. Some day, theyre gonna get wise
tous and then well be up shit's creek That's why we have to plan ahead
We have to gather info on these bastards before they figure out what
weredoing, before they start feeding us false information or cutting offour
sources altogether. Before they get proactive on our asses. We gotta
choose very carefully what we protect and how.

Me, I got my house. I'm not an "isolationist." like Oursine would
have you believe. | work witha group of hunters from time to time, but
| do have my hands full with this place. Other people got their own
troubles. We can't all take care of everything and everyone. We've got
to set fucking priorities. My priority is my house.

But. believe it ornot.|_agree_ we should share what we know. We
should help each other out when we can. | emphasize _ when we can
There's plenty of people out there like us who do nothing buthelp. It's what
they do. Youneed help, go to them. Ihaven't got time for you. Those quys
seem to think helping is their duty, or their "treasure," as Oursine says.

The future's in our hands. It's here. It's now, and it's got a bad
attitude. When you cut out a tumor, some good cells have to go, too.
That's life. The other choice is to leave the cancer where itis or only get
part of it. Ill tell you, this ugly. fucked-up lump of clay that we call the
Present is going to become either a piece of art or an ugly. fucked-up
vase. But we have to trim off some of the excess. That's about as
poetic as | get. You know what | mean.

Punisrs

Some initiates who recognize the importance of se-
curity and safety believe that we are the future, to hell
with the rest of humanity. They choose to guard only
those who have been initiated. They protect their awn
futures. They have agendas that finish ultimately with
our kind on the throne of the world. Benevolent royalty.

Maybe they are right. Maybe this is our destiny. Ido
not know. Perhaps the time willpassand more andmore
Of us will initiate. And eventually, all survivors will be
Capable of that which we are. Maybe we are only the
first. We can choose who persists and who does not.
Some among us believe that we have the duty to elimi-
nate the undesirables from this population of humans
who. one day. will awaken. They could be right. Can you
imagine what our powers might be like in the hands of a
Milosevic or the American John Wayne Gacy

Dereewmisrs

Still others on this list seem to conclude that our
Change has no rhyme or reason other than to bring more
Chaos to our lives. They think that either some gods
somewhere amuse themselves with us. or nothing has
@ny meaning. According to them, the future is not only
unwritten, but something willarrive to throweven the best

a>

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: soyboy134
Subject: Re: Why?

I would like to thank Oursine for her /long/ and
in-depth treatise. | want to comment on one section
of what she said. The world took a considerable turn
the day you had your Dream, saw your first lobo and
took up the cross, but you're no god. Just because it's
new to you doesn't mean it's new to the world. The
Big Six have been in here fora long time, looking for

‘the last pure soul. We're just now finding out that
we're /not/ at the top of the food chain anymore.

And Hannibal, before you go off beinga vigilante,
you better figure out exactly what the hell's going on.

Maybe there's a reason nobody left behind a
guidebook on how to be one of us. We have to find out
what's going on before we start making plans for the
future. Who knows, maybe the Big Six dreamed us up
themselves, just to have a few toys around to make
their lives less boring. Must get damn dull hunting
sitting ducks. Ever consider the possibility that we're
playing right into their hands with our zealous over-
protectiveness? I bet they're laughing their asses off as
theywatchusrunaroundlike children playing Dundee.
What does that say about our future?

plans into chaos. These initiated have the values the most
complex that | have ever seen. They even conclude that
they will fail one day for some unforeseen coincidence or
bizarre occurrence. But still they persevere in trying to
protect the people and things to which they hold tight.

Sete-Rute

We must establish our own laws. Normal society
rules donot apply tous. We cheat. We steal. We kill. Our
initiations have put us above the laws dictated by our
legislators. For this reason, we must create our own
regulations regarding what behaviors we will accept
and the ones we will not. Dole has already begun to do
this in creating Vigil to protect us from ourselves. All
organizations must have some laws.

This one ts still too young to fully Know what sorts of
crimes our people might commit against us, but again, we
have already seen some examples. It was an initiate wha
betrayed one of ourownin Baghdad for to advance hisown
political goals. Another initiate lost his control and killed
twelve people ina marche in Munich. InAmerica, an initiate
Changed his loyalties and became amercenary who would
work for anyone that paid him, including the monstres.

Me, Ibelieve that we havearesponsibility to punishand
eliminate ourbetrayers. Theyendanger usallinmany ways.

tolerated. Our future depends on it. We must protect our-
Selves from ourselves. We entrust ourselves to evenjone
on this list and presume that they will maintain its security,
but what are we going to do as someone betrays us?
First we should ensure that this does not happen.
We should protect ourselves. One way to do this is to
express very little tolerance for those who do betray
us. Such a person should face repercussion that


matches the degree of the crime. The repercussions
will perhaps deter another from doing the same.

More AND Less

Iwill die. All of us will. |hear footsteps on the stairs
outside and | ask myself if the killer will knock first or
simply break down the door. The telephone rings and |
wonder who is looking to see if |arn at home. I stand at
the window. see a shadowy figure and wonder since
when it has watched me. This is not a good life.

Docs iy Mavver?

sleep or on the end of s
happens somuchas what

ally, choose not to

is doing. | take c

and expect eve

kept their own noses cle: J it up other F
butts, we'd have

Goats

I studied at university a course that relayed differ-
ent methods of time management. Theonebitof advice
that the teacher repeated over and over was to write
down your goals. He told us that for better to under-
stand where we were going. we had to establish short.
mediate term and long goals. We must, together. de-
termine our goals and all follaw them.

We must decide what we want to pass to our de-
scendants for the future, and we must call our enemies
by their names. If we do this, we will know what to quard

Ja

CHAPTER 3: OUR FUTURE

and what to reject. We, the guards, must maintain the
foresight to do this for all the others who have only
revenge or blood-lust in their hearts. We are the only
ones who can retreat a step, count our blessings and
recognize the advance of our enemies from afar. We
plan. We construct our defenses. We donot rush for the
Joy of the kill. We have the perspective that the others
of our kind lack. The duty to set goals is ours.

In this time, some among us want to keep their duties
small. | Gan not blame them for this. It is difficult to think
about saving the wand. Allofthe word. This: makes
me afraid. My hands are so occupied that Ido not know if |
Willevermanage todoanything, showanygreat truths. This
is the reality. Yes, we must have our personal goals. We
know themat our initiations —famnily, friends. hopes. Eveny
oneisdifferent. Everyoneis perhaps of equal import. Would
we die to protect them? Some among us would.

But. is there some things that are as important as our
charges P Me. Ithink that yes. Ithink that we can protect our
personal treasures, butwemustalwaysrememberthatwe
doit not for the prize itself, but for all people. Why bear our
burdense Why protect them? For humanity in all. What
ood is a house P Hannibal protects his to keep it from the
hands of our enemies. Why? So that they can not use it
against us, to preserve it for humanity. And so, Hannibal
has kilked some of the people for who he ts protecting his
house. He has forgotten the purpose of the protection.

We must not do this. It will finish badly for us if we
do. No treasure is worth harming people. We must
always remind ourselves of the final goal.

Qur PLAN

Ihave made alist of thinking that I believe willhelp us
to make ourselves a success. Perhaps that the order is

a &


To: vigil list@hunter-net.org
From: soyboy134
Subject: Justice

With regard to killing criminals as well as the Big
Six, I get very uncomfortable when people start
talking like they're judge, jury and executioner. Who
are we to measure these people that way? Haven't you
ever heard of the wrongly accused? What if one of us
goes off the deep end and kills someone's father just
because his daughter accused him of touching her
wrong? What if that kid was just pissed because her

father wouldn't let her go away on holiday with her
| friends? This kind of thing makes me very nervous.
| We have judicial systems for a reason. Just
because we have strengths doesn't mean we aren't a
part of human society anymore. Vigilante justice is
what they call what you're talking about. What if
you're wrong about somebody?

It'sdamn hard to be wrongwhen yousee somebody's
skin peeling off or when they have forked tongues or
goat's hooves. Those are the enemy, no doubt about it.
Kill those wankers. But among humans, it isn't that
simple. Just ask any attorney or judge. We, the human
race, have worked for generations to establish our legal
systems, and we still don't have it exactly right. So
what makes you think you're so special that you can
judge these people on your own?

not exactly perfect, but this gives us something on
which to reflect. We must make these things our goal.

1. Discover your charge. This seems the first step
for many of us. It happens naturally. These are the
people or places that we cherish and devote our lives to
saving. They must endure for our future generations,
and tosustain our sanity in thenew world revealed tous.

2. Embrace your treasure. To do any other is to
deny yourself. Do not hate your wards because fate
has chosen you to protect them. Do not give yourself
to resentment. Our charges are vulnerable, and so
very important to us. If not. we would not be needed to
guard them. Eachis precious, whether it is your family.
friends. nationality, race, neighborhood, village. awhole
cityorevena philosophic concept. Smallorlarge, touch-
able or only imaginable, it makes no difference, your
treasure is the reason for your initiation.

3. Establish every defense for your charge. There
are people who can advise you how todo this. Thereare
people who will help. But the most important thing to
remember, it is that you are an extension of your
treasure. If you do not survive to guard it, then it is
imperiled. Your defenses must protect you as well.

4. Know yourself. We have all some special talents.
Youaredifferent fromme. lamdifferent fromsomeothers.
Wemustallfindour strengths and weaknesses, haw farwe
@rewilling togoin savingour prizes. and when wewillsacrifice
them. Itis necessany that you be honest to yourselfabout

5. Know your enemy. There are so many. | know.
Perhaps what you must learn most is how far the
creatures are willing to go to have your treasure. If you
cherish your family. the monstres may want them no
more than any other person. Or you might hold some-

thing of extreme importance to the creatures, and
they want it, and you as a result. If you wish to save
your prize, youmust know what the monstres willdo to
have it, and you must do more to stop them.

6. Prepare for loss. You must do this so that it
does not work like a weapon against you. We will have
much loss. | do not doubt it. Already, | see much
sadness in my life. | lose friends. family and even
some strangers that make me cry. You too, will lose
some people. Do not let the monstres use this to
weaken you. You may even lose that which you pro-
tect. Though this will be hurtful, you still live on. There
will be much more in the world still to save, and the
world still needs your vigil.

7. Share your knowledge and wisdom. Wearestron-
ger together than apart. Let us all share what we know
and what weleam. Everymorselof information regarding
the monstres that we understand is a stone in our wall.

8. Embrace those who stand with you. There are
some among us who would die to protect you. We must
never fonget it. If one of us needs help, do not refuse him.
One day. you may need help and then you will find yourself
alone. If we are going to construct the mast solid defenses,

Remember, though, that to die for the cause with-
out winning the war canbe fruitless. Yournaydie tosave
your charge this day, but it is left defenseless tomor-
row. And whowill take up your cause when we each have
our ownP There is word among the lists of initiated
prepared to give of themselves for every cause, but
these people can have no treasures. If they did, they
would know to choose their battles.

9. Establish every defense for those who stand
with you. | think that we are all agreed that we must
guard our anonymity. The future depends on it. The day
will arrive that some one among us will be discovered. It
is already happened several times. We must never be-
tray our peers. Never. This, it is the ultimate sin.

10. Discover the greatest treasure: humanity.
One day. we must understand that we battle for hu-
manity. Our personal ideals are important, oui, but we
finally guard therm for other people to enjoy. We must
not lose sight of the importance of people.

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Repercussions

There's a big difference between security and the

charges against Hannibal. I don't see where he has

ut any of the rest of us at risk in any way. He hasn't

trayed any of us. Ifanything, he went out of his way
to keep Oursine from getting hurt at his place.

Ican sure agree that we need to punish anyone who
betrays us. Very seriously. Somebody gives us away, fuck
‘em. They might as well be on the side of the monsters.
Hell, they are on the side of the monsters if they do that.
But what do we do about them? Do we kill them?

According to Oursine, we can't kill them, because
they're human too. But even though they betrayed us,
they're not on our okay-to-kill list? I'm not saying she's
wrong, I'm just asking, because I've got some really
mixed feelings about it. Personally, I'd be tempted to
cut the balls off somebody who sold me out.


Indeed. we must strive in our guardian role to act
alwaysinamanner that does notharm people. Wemust
take all precautions for to ensure that our activities do
not endanger the children, both young and old. They do
not know what they do when they help the monstres.
They donot deserve to die for it. We are cunning. We can
find other methods to make them see the evil they aid.

1 0-Srer Peanor Dying

Oh. isn't this neato! The ten steps to dead! Jesus, Oursine, do you
realize how stuck-up you sound? Chnist. You talk a bunch of talk, but
there'ssomuchbullshit flying that youcan tsee enough to walk the walk.

1. Discover your charge. You think youre talking to kindergart:
ners? Please, people! Tell me! Am | the only one who thinks Oursine is
the most condescending bitch you've ever heard?

2Embrace\ That'sright Don'thate yourlovedones people.
Don't resent them. Theyre vulnerable. So, here's a prime example of where
Oursine contradicts herself: According to her. our valuables are really, really,
Teally fucking important, but don't kill anyone to protect them. That's bad.

3. Establish every defense for your charge. Biah, blah, blah. More of the
same.Butmostly,protect yourself. sn'tthat what youresaying Oursine?Dont
killnobody. Don't get kiled Butdon tletanybody take away what's important
to you, either. Like anybody ever_could_ stealaway your precious ideology.
Youstil haven't noticed that the press was whipped a long time ago.

4. Know yourself. Really, Oursine. You should have a Saturday
moming kid's show or something. Know yourself? Men are from Mars'?
Womenare from Venus? Ilove you. Youlove me. We're ahappy family.

5.Know your enemy. Thanks for the advice, Miss Oblivious.

6. Prepare for loss. Prepare to lose bank managers too, because
ifany more work for the enemy and fuck with me, they're going down.

7. Share your knowledge and wisdom. Allow me to translate
Oursine's message for you: Share your knowledge and wisdom,
unless it conflicts with mine.

8.Embrace those whostand with you. | really have to laughat this
one. Oursine's hypocrisy stands on its fucking own:"One day, yoummay
need help and then you will yourself al If we are going to
construct the most solid defenses, then we must stand hand in hand
against the monstres." Wanna hold _my_ hand, Oursine?

9. Establish every defense for those who stand with you

Oursine: Wemustnever betray ourpeers. Never. Ths. itis the ultimatesin.

Me:Andespecially,don'tevergive clues to another hunter's location!

10. Discover the greater treasure: humanity. So we're supposed
to hold the hand of all people, even the ones who betray us to our
besiegers? Spare the r spoil Oursine's "child," | say

SacRIFICES

Notallofusare saints whoare initiated. We're people
first. but we try tobe saints because we can't watch while
harmless peopleare hurtand tormented by the monstres.
Being hurman means making the mistakes. My friend
who was killed was not always so kindly or even virtuous,
but she looked upon the initiation as a second chance
from God. She died choking on her own severed fingers.

| apologize for being as morbid. | am cold at the
inside. My friend is dead, but men like Hannibal con-
tinue to commit horrors and justify them with
self-righteousness. | am disgusted by this. Can we
allow these things to occur without censure? | say no.
We must hold ourselves to a higher measure.

We make the example for thase who follow. We are
the first. It is a vast responsibility, oui. But | have some
confidence that we can lift ourselves to it. Consider what
| have said. | beg you. We must establish our code of
honor, of morals and of expectations — for our future.

AWasre
This whole "trial'isn't doing us any good Alllever fucking wanted was
someplace where |couldgetonlineand getsome informationorsomething.

IMAL JUDGMENT:
From: dole7
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Hannibal137 — Judgment

Bugger it all. I hate having to do this, but
Hannibal is off the list.

The vote went as follows:

4 Not Guilty

3 Guilty — Level 1

2 Guilty — Level 2

6 Guilty — Level 3

Four more refused to vote at all.

I sent him private mail, so he is not even reading
this. Not out of spite, but for our own protection I
attachedanice little documentcontaininga virus. Itwill
seek out any and all Vigil-related material on his hard-
drive and corrupt it. But to be safe, you must all change
your passwords and I will dump all the mail in one hour.
Thave also warned my counterparts on hunter-net and
will post a message as to our decisions to all the other
hunter lists I know of. In the wake of this disaster, we
need some people to come up with better rules on how
towork through acock-up like if this happens again. Or
should I say when? I will not serve on that committee.

| didn't sign on for this shit. | would've stayed on hunter-net if the pussies
weren'tso rampant there, squealing that we have to talk to the witches and
try tosave them! thought! would find better here, where people seemed to
knowhow tostand their ground Too bad [mnota masochistor! might get
offonthe criticism and threats. Which reminds me, Coach.Go ahead and tell
your precious cop to come after me if she's got the balls. Traitor.

Im tempted tojust get off this list on principle. but Ihave a feeling
there are some here who understand what I've been talking about all
this time. You've got to know what's yours, what's important, and not
let any fucking cniter take it So I'm gonna ride this out. But Dole, you
have no say over me. Kick me off. See if | give a shit. There's plenty of
others out there whodon't wearsilk boxers and who don't expect that
the world's gonna bow down to them. Alll this trial has done ts split us,
up and made some of you look like complete idiots.

|got my responsibilities and they don'tinclude wiping your asses.

Decisions
To: vigillist@hunter-net.org
From: coach!
Subject: Re: Vote Form
I've been trying to keep it cool in this free-for-all, but I've had
it. Just because someone has some morality left after the calling
scares the crap out of you, doesn't it Hannibal?
| bet you've been itchin' to turn loose on the "ignorant dorks" all
your cowarely life. Now someone's given you power and purpose and
you've turned into one of /them/— a monster ready to kill regular
people. You've never come out with proof that the employees at your
bank were working with the enemy. | don't think they were. They
were just doing tied is and that meant saying "no" to you. So you
killed them You killed the band at the football game.
Dole. here's my vote: Hannibal's guilty as sin itself.
»X_Guilty/Level 3 Anathema - 6 points
> — Result: Permanent removal from vigillist@hunter
*netorg and warning to the wider community of the hunter's
>danger to the cause.
Myonly regret is that Dole's list of punishment only goes to three.



CHAPTER 4: HUNTER TIES

Defend the poor and fatherless: do justice to the afflicted

and needy.
— Psalms 82:3

Jury oF Peers

From: dole?
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: Hannibal137

If youhave been to hunter-net, you know we are getting
our bollocks flattened. Hannibal is on that list and people
there are flaming our asses for kicking him out. Someone
even asked Hannibal to join another one called Firelight.

As promised in our list of punishments, I have been
in touch with the techies at hunter-net, but they have
no plans to throw Hannibal off. They see their role as
"support only." To me, that means they will not stand up
for what they believe is right. Screw them. They cannot
switch off a light without "procedural review."

Not everyone on hunter-net isa blighter, though. Some
applaud ourefforts to "police ourown" and protect people from
"Wwackos" (not that I want that job). Some have even swom to
bring Hannibal to justice. I'm not sure how I feel about that.

You may want to check out the following thread, as
exemplified by:
>Subject: RE: Defeatists
>From: memphis68
>To: Hunter.list@hunter-net.org
>I can't believe these self-righteous "protectors." Per-
sonally, I think
>the term "defeatists" ismuch more appropriate. Can'ttheysee
>they're playing into the hands of the creatures by
selling out their
>brothers? Now's the time to be fighting the enemy, not
each other.
>Hannibal, I'd be happy to have you at my back. Screw
the rest of them.

Voters In vue Dark

One thing we could say for Hannibal, he was one of the
most vocal posters to thi almost as frequent asourown
esteemed Oursine. Believe what you might about Hannibal's
methods, his posts at least inspired thought and generated
communication. Better that someone post something —
almost anything — than there be a deafening silence while
the rest of us see to our own charges. To facilitate communi-
cation, I haveasked Cabbie22, one ofourenduringmembers,
to offer her thoughts on the watch, and in light of recent
events, her impressions on our own relations. Many of you
seem to respect her opinions, she has proved frank and
sincere in the past, and she appears to have a strong sense of
community, whether it's her own or this one.

Tue Hunrer Communtry

To: vigillist@hunter-netorg
From: coach't!
Subject: Hunter Organization

Responses to the "Hannibal solution" on hunter-net have
helped reinforce several opinions about us that | bet most of you
share. First, distinct groups of hunters seem to be forming,
apparently differentiated by our perspectives on what's i
tant in our mission and how we should go about it. Second, we need
to get organized or we're going to be creaged into the largest
schoolyard brawl ever. I'm not talking about fighting monsters. I'm
talking about fighting each other! Third, if we're able to define and
organize ourselves, we need to come up with better ways of dealing
with problems like Hannibal when they arise. | hate lawyers as
much as the next oy but we need laws. police and judges. Dole was
right about that all along, and Hannibal paid the price.

Werre not all the same. | bet your reaction to that is something
like. "Sure, but what's your point?" That in itself is a damn big
realization if you think about it. Hunters are /not/ all the same. We
seem to have different positions to play on the same team ~ just like
members of a football team. Everyone appears to have a job to do.


HUNTER BOOK:

We have offensive squads and defensive squads. And within those

we appear to have smaller, more precise jobs, like receivers
and line backers. Get it? Whomever "the owners" may turn out to be,
they have assigned us different roles. Perhaps most importantly, |
believe they have selected certain people to "imbue." the ones who
best suit the positions that need to be filled.

Look at the recent discussions on our list. There has been a
lot of talk about the strange abilities that most of us seem to have.
There's a bunch of us here, but those of us who find a natural
appeal for the "charge" or "custody" concept form the core of the
group. We have some similar outlooks, despite how far we're
willing to pursue them (Hannibal and Oursine are good examples
of opposing ends on the same defensive line). So] wonder
Sirnee our individual capabilities are, too. It's time for us to share
our abilities. to find out just how different and similar we are.
Maybe like a defensive squad, we can train to work as a team,
helping us to better protect the people we cherish.

But before we can work on tactics or training. we need to
know who's in our squad and who's in the others. We should try to
learn our (and their) abilities. personalities, strengths and weak-
nesses. If nothing else, we have to know who will be a security risk
in our struggle, who will help us protect our charges and who will
turn their backs on them — = pt

Derenpers

| can't help but think of us as the team's defense. We have
people, places and things at heart when we get in the game. Not
to diminish the war being fought against the creatures of the
world, but perceiving it as a game and us as the "D" is the best
analogy | can think of. We stop the other team from getting at
our zone, the things we hold most dear. I've also heard us described
as protectors, guardians and sentries. It's all the same. in the end.

Tome, we are the obvious choice to organize the others, to
be team captains or even coaches who also fea Only we have
the correct perspective on the hunt. We're kind of like a goalie.
We look at the whole game, wherever the action is on the field
or ice, and see who's doing well on our team, and who among the
enemy is getting the upper hand. When they do, it's our job is to
eliminate the creatures, the ones that pose the greatest
threats to our communities. and we set traps for the ones stupid
enough to mess with us. We defend the defenseless.

Our Roors

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22

Subject: We the people...

You know what pisses me off? From time to time I hear
some of you talk about us being something other than
human, that we're not people. I have a message for you all:
Weare human. I defy anyone to prove otherwise. We were
all born from anormal mother and father, whether we were
wanted ornot. Weall grew up, some went to school, and we
all learned that life is not fair, but you get to live, if only for
a little while.

Icannot and will not believe that the change that has
come over us now makes us something other than we've
always been. Just because God or something we don't
understand has touched us, doesn't mean we've risen
above or fallen below what we used to be. We're still our
parents' children, and that makes us still human. If you
ever forget that, you need to put the hunt aside. Everyone
who still understands his or her own mortality and inher-
ent goodness has what it takes to fight for mankind as a
whole. If you lose sight of the need to protect people
because you are a person, you haven't risen or fallen,
you've just forgotten what you really are.

Pa

Avencers

The easiest group to spot is the one defined by folks like
Hanniball37.Crudader|'7 and even Dana,my partner. They tend to be
the ones who run in with guns blazing. | admire their decisiveness and
toanextent their aggressiveness, but some of themseempsychoticand
end up risking the lives of the people we've been alad 10 protect.

| think I've encountered two kinds of these hunters. | call
them loose cannons and running backs.

People like Hannibal and Crusader!7 strike me as loose
cannons. They're wanton killers. Many of these hunters are no
more than drive-by shooters. These idiots don't care if they have
tokill people to get at the monsters beyond, Hannibal talked this
way, but at least he also thought he had something to save and
protect. He just went too far. What's the point of our duty if
we kill those we've been sent to protect?

There can bee no peace between loose cannons and us. Unless
we can show them the errors of their ways. | anticipate even more
confrontations with these freaks If radical hunters like this continue
toappear.| see us having to protect our lovedones and ourselves from
/them/ in the future. That might mean fighting our own kind —
offense turning on defense while the other team "scores."

Way | see it, we can't turn our backs on the enemy or the
loose cannons. If a confrontation with our own must occur, we
have to wait till the enemy is on the run. We can always resolve
our "differences" with maniacs later, in the locker room.

Running backs are another kind of offensive hunter on our
team, but they seem to have some perspective on the game, and
some utility as a whole. They're gung-ho, but at least they know
they're killing for a reason. They're aggressive, but disciplined. They
can work with others by being fed the ball, receiving a pass or even
subbing for the QB. My partner Dana is the best of this squad I've
ever met. Although she's not on hunter-net, she agreed with what
we did to Hannibal. She would gladly have taken him in.

Don't expect running backs to understand us completely,
though. Sometimes they keep running plays after the whistles
blown. | once saw Dana pursue a rot relentlessly, even after we
drove it from town. The danger was over, but she couldn't stop.
She came back days later. arm in a sling and bruises all over her.
She came out on top, but it was like she won the game and then
went after the other team's families in the stands.

Running backs are first-string players. Heap a little respor-
sibility and glory on them and they'll work their asses off to win.
A good coach knows how to rein them in when they get too fired
up. Running backs must learn that they have to bow to the goals
of the team, the ball isn't always fed to them. If you give them
too much room, chaos and death will follow. With our perspective
on the watch, we're the ones to give these people direction.
From: oursinell3
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: The View from the Battlements

In our discussions, we have often said that which we
think of the monstres, but we do not often say that which
we think about us. So now, we start to talk because of
Hannibal and me. Me, | think that this is good. We start to
look at what makes us different. Different as a group.
because Dole chase us from among all the others for our
similarities in philosophy. Different as individuals, because
we have shown here that even among us who are here we
have various opinions regarding important matters.

Howcanagroup so diverse ever begin to make strides
toward being unified? Me, I think we can because we are all
of agreement on one thing. We all seem to know that our
ultimate goal is to protect humanity. Non, it is not so
simple as that. We dispute the methods and to which
extremes we may go to protect them. This diversity will, in
the end, either destroy us or make us more strong. Me, |
prefer to believe that it makes us more strong.

lalsobelieve that when itisalldoneand themonstres
are gone, thase like us will be still here. | am not very
certain of the others. They are rash and quick to nun into
the unknown. This is not our way. It should not be our
way. We build our fortresses, our castles and our ram-
parts, andwereject the enemy whenhecomestoattack.
But it is not so simple as that, either, | understand.

Despite the critique that some among you have given
me. lwilnotregret whathavelsaidabout Hannibal. Thevotes
say that the majority agrees with me. This is democracy.

A good defense begins at home. We must protect
ourselves. If no, then who will protect the people?

InNoceNys

Some of our most vocal rers on hunter-net have been
hunters | call bush le These folks seem nearly as defenseless as
most people. From what I've heard. they dent fight very well,and can
even excuse creatures' crimes or attacks! We cannot accept this. We
can't just turn the other cheek while our charges are threatened, but
at the same time we can't let these folks become victims.

You have to be very careful when dealing with bush leaguers. |
wouldn't count on them to back you up, at least not yet. I'm not saying
theyre untrustworthy. They just haven't had the experience we have
and don't know how to react to the we respond to instinctively
or strategically. They're in the "minors." Hence my name for them

Personally, | think these imbued need to be protected as much
as people who haven't heard the call. These are our pro players of
the future. They'll take our place when we fall. Or maybe we're
meant to make peace with some creatures, the ones that don't try
to ruin what we stand for, and these folks are supposed to show
us the way. | must admit, Father X never did anything but help me.

Juders

| would call these people refs, but they're not. Anyone who
thinks they know it all, doesn't. No one likes to be arbitrarily told
what to do and when to do it. Unfortunately there are some among
us who are all too quick to do that. At least referees have rules
to work by. These hunters seem to make up the rules as they go.

Now,some of these folks have great insights into the weaknesses
of creatures. Like the core group on /this/ list, they plan their strikes
against creatures, but often as not they're likely to call off an attack
or change their minds. don't know what drives their decisiorrmaking,
but once you call a play. you can't take it back The plan should be simple:
First deal with the creatures that pose the most threat to our values.
Then remain on guard for any future threats.

| strongly suggest you take what these people say with

a grain of salt. I've met one guy in person whom | would lump
into this group. I'll call him the Colonel. He's on the city council
of a small town near Atlanta. From what he said, the Colonel
found out about me from the assault case that surrounded my
calling. | don't know what tipped him off, but he first
contacted me when they were raking me over the coals about
what happened. He really helped at first. He recommended a
good lawyer and helped me understand what | had become

A few weeks later he introduced me to Dana. The Colonel had
a lot of connections and money, but definitely wanted to run the
show. For a while Dana and | followed his lead, but he didn't lead from
the front. That eventually wore on us. What really blew me away
was that he didn't deal with hunter-net. In fact, he considered folks
there outsiders. Something about too scattered to be of much use!

We called it quits after two months, and the Colonel never
batted an eye. Dans says he thinks we're going to come
crawling back to him. | don't know. He was a great help at first.
but then his true colors started to show.

| haven't heard from him since.

Marrves

"Kamikazes' is the only word | can think of to describe hunters who
seem heltbent on their own destruction. What troubles me about these

CHAPTER 4: HUNTER TIES

people is not the impulse for self-sacrifice - any of us canunderstand that
feeling What | question are their motives. Some of these people's effort
seems to come from the same self-absorbed mania that inspires many
teerrage suicides — an inability to look beyond the immediate concerns
of self: Their own motives and feelings become their only driving force,
akg thee perspectias) hy dont wan 19 comet an) ea]
save anyone. They just seem to throw themselves into trouble
and hope for the best. without even knowing what that will be.

Strangely. some of these people seem to like the pain they
inflict on themselves. | hope we can turn their heads to focus on
the true mission, but I'm not sure it's possible. Dana introduced me
to a woman named Clarise that fits into this kind. 1 won't work
with her anymore after what happened. Nor do | think | can
protect her from whatever possesses her to throw her life away.

Dana tries to keep tabs on a group of monsters somehow attached
toanarmy navy store northof Atlanta. She thinks the folks there work
for or hide the creatures that were of her ing. All| know
is the papers reported that wild dogs killed a bum behind a bank
downtown Dana was doing undercover work or something and
witnessed the attack She says they weren't dogs, and that the "Victim"
wasn't a bum Whatever they were, the things were fighting it out. She
didn't know who was what,so she went for them all She hurt some, some
hurt each other and the pack's target was killed.

A month after we met, Dana introduced me to Clarise. Dana
had tracked the bum's trail to this store, and wanted the two of
us to come with her. | don't think Dana knew then what Clarise was
capable of. When we arrived at the place, Dana went inside while
the two of us waited. We could see Dana talking to some guy. It
all seemed harmless enough.

That's when a shitty old truck pulls up. This ratty looking
redneck is behind the wheel. He looks at Clarise and | like we've
got the plague, and sees Dana inside flashing her badge to the
storeowner. By that time | was starting to get a sense of when
to look more /carefully/ at people, and | gave him the look. There
was definitely something wrong about him. | guess Clarise had
done something similar, because she started muttering something
like prayers and was staring at the redneck like a mad dog,

That's all the needed. He slammed his truck into reverse.
| looked to see where Dana was and if she knew what was going on.
Meanwhile, Clarise is out the door, screaming at the "guy."
instead of try to grab him through the window or chase the
truck she throws herself behindifras if she can stop it with her bodyl

From: oursine113
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
Subject: The Lost Soldier

ee = We 8 different srrei that
pebring to the struggle. We are an organization of many
various beliefs. I recognize that we can notall fight in the
same manner. But, | also know that some methods
weaken us. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Yet, achain will hold much more in itsarms than asingle
link. No one among us needs to be alone. Even if youare
isolated by your hy, you have methods for utiliz-
ing the resources of the complete organization. This
email list and the Internet are proof of that.

I believe that we must all try to find the lost
guardians who do not know us. We must bring them
into the chain. We must help them and go to them
when they need aid. They must be able to rely on us
justaswe rely on them. Notall initiates must be on the
Internet, but we should welcome them into our hu-
man fold, aspeople to protect and who help us protect.


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

She could have died. Fortunately for her, the back tire only
ran over her arm. The truck tore off. Dana came running out. |
told her to go after the guy while | called an ambulance for
Clarise. The ambulance arrived before Dana came back. Whoever
that guy was, he had lost her on back roads. The storeowner
seemed normal to the sight, and claimed to not know who the
redneck was. Dana's been spending a lot of time up north since.

The point is Clarise's suicide attempt. Even if she did stop
the truck. there's no telling if we could have done a thing to
whoever or whatever that redneck was. And even if we did face
him down. were we going to start a fight in broad daylight with
all kinds of people driving by? Clarise wasn't thinking five
minutes into the future. She just reacted with what little she
had - her own body. That's insane. What purpose would her
death serve if no one was left to care for the things she did?

REDEEMERS

Bleeding hearts are a very real security risk, but a possible
windfall in the long run. | identify these people as the ones on
hunter-net who support Hannibal, not because they said he was
right to kill everyone in sight, but because they wanted to give him
a second chance. They wanted to "cure" him.Do they think the same
of the creatures they meet? God. | hope not. They/ll get killed. One
thing might want to talk. | guess, but another is going to offer its
hand while it hides a Knife behind its back We can't forfeit
defenseless people's lives while we look for cure-alls for creatures
and wacko [eases That's stealing from Peter to pay Paul.

Maybe if these bleeding hearts miraculously found a cure for
creatures, | could see a whole new role for us as protectors. We could
actually be proactive, searching for infected things and administer-
ing the cure. That wey weds saving our charges before any danger
could be posed to them That seems pretty far-fetched, thou
Learning how to cure monsters and then apply it means getting #
upper hand over them From all the creatures I've seen. and given
that we know so little about them. | don't see getting the chance to
let my guard down even for a miruste.| might gooff on acrusade only
to find that my family has been killed in my absence
Ye Biccer Yuey Are. . .

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Re: The View from the Fortress

I'm not sure what to say to Oursine, though I sure as hell
want tosay something. She's right that we are all unique. We've
all had different experiences. I don't necessarily condone what
Hannibal did, but on the other hand, isn't ita little too soon to
be kicking our allies out? Oursine says that we must protect
ourselves first. Well, that's a really nice thought, isn't it? I'll bet
itmakessome of yousleep alittle betteratnightthat Oursine has
condoned self-preservation above all else. It's not so simple.

I recently faced a bloodsucker who was preying on an
inner city neighborhood. I suspected who he was — I
knew him before. Facing him was one of the hardest
things I ever had to do. He was smart, even sympathetic.
We had similar ideals. We both wanted the best for the
hood, only his vision came at a human price. Mine didn't.

Thethingis, |hadthe timeand opportunity todecide how
to approach the danger. I could have killed him outright, but
then I'd never have known what his plans were. I could have
given in to him and supported his bid. But then who would
have been there to cover for me? Or I could have heard him
out, given him enough rope toswingorhang himself. He made
the choice for me, and I did what I had to protect my turf.

The point is, we don't always get to reason through
our choices. Sometimes the shit hits the fan and you do

aa ~


the best you can. I think you were all too hard on
Hannibal. In time, you'll know what I mean. You'll have
to make some hard decisions, the best ones that you can,
and all you'll have is the time it takes pull a trigger.

Sure, we all need to stand up for something or
someone, but if you think you won't falter from time to
time, your fall will be the farthest.

Visionarics

These folks, like bush-leaguers, really need our help. While
there was some insightful support for what we did to Hannibal,
there was just as much concern for how he went over the edge,
and whether the enemy pushed him. | guess this kind of
consideration is important to the hunt. After all, it's just that
which makes us understand the importance of preserving
something in the war. rather than just attacking. Extrepolated
out. that kind of tp may reveal the big picture. Thinkers
like this may even help us form a stronger online community
where situations like Hannibal's can be avoided in the future.

Personally, wish Dana and | had one of these people in Atlanta
We could do so much more with someone watching our backs and
making sure we stayed on course fr aur goals The Colonel seemed
like that at first, but | don't think he had his head on straight.

Fact is, Dana's pretty good about the detective stuff as long
as the monsters are out of sight. It is just hard for her to back down
from a fight. Maybe if she knew more of what was at stake in the
war, she would find it in herself to step away when prison) ats
try to talk her down more often but I don't know that I always have
that kind of clarity, especially when | have my own battles to fight.
Wo vo Turn vo
To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Helpers

Coach's talk of clarity and knowing others' weak-
nesses makes me think of something important. We're
all human and we're all in this together. Not just you and
me and all the rest of you who can read these words, but
everyone. Yes, even those who haven't heard the call,
gotten the goose, had their pipes cleaned, awakened,
initiated or whatever the hell you want to call it.

Okay, so some of you have issues with the idea of letting
these people in on the truth. You think they're too weak or too
scared tohelp. Well, Idon'tknow where youget yourfriends, but
I'dsay it's time you broadened your horizons. It's like somebody
on this list said, there have been people fighting this battle for
ages, and in the dark, too. Maybe the copsand doctors and army
didn't know what they were up against, but they've been out
there busting their humps trying to make this world safe, against
really lousy odds. I think we should give them some credit. I
mean, hell, what's scarier? A guy with fangs ora guy witha gun?

There's plenty of normal folks out there who have balls.
Every oneofuscouldstand tolearnsomethingfrom "pylons."
I learned a lot about guns from a regular guy. No, I didn't tell
him what I was going to use them against. He didn't need to
know. And that's the point. We should protect the people
we loveandneed, but we should be able to draw support from
them, too. They don't need to know the whole truth. They
wouldn't understand because they can'tsee it. However, you
can still look to them for moral support, a safety blanket and
asareminder of what life's really about. If they love youback,
they'll just trust in you, no matter what happens.

CHAPTER 4: HUNTER TIES

BYsT ANDERS

Every teacher has students who seem to know better, yet
can't help but screw up. Whether it's drugs.a bad family life or peer
pressure, they make the wrong choices and end up in trouble time
and again. Life just overwhelms them.

In the same way, there are people who don't stand when
they hear the call. They're on the scene when you're imbued.
They seem to know what's happening. but they don't /do/
anything. In fact, sometimes they can run away like everyone
else. Some of us even call them "runaways," or maybe they just
mean "without parents." Either way. these folks may be
cowards, but | doubt that all of them are. | think they need our
protection and guidance. They may be the "B" team now, but
with help and coaching | bet we can turn them into starters.
And if not. then hell, we need all the help we can get.

Every teacher who stays in the business has at least one kid
who he really knows he helped. Mine was a kid named Kevin. He
was a third-time ninth-grader when | found out that he could run
(so maybe being a "runaway" is actually a good thing). | worked
with him after school and got the other teachers to cut him slack
in return for some Saturday tutoring by me. Eventually | got him
on the track team. By the end of the season, he placed in all three
events he competed in. He never won a race, but he tried.

So don't tell me that these people can't be turned around.
| don't believe it.

This isn't to say that we need to be parents or big buddies
to everyone who /hears/ the call but turns a deaf ear. You can't.
Just like teachers, ye can help, but at a distance. If you don't,
you'll burn yourself out and endanger everyone else by telling
too much to someone who might not want to hear, ever.
Teachers have to learn this lesson, too. If you try to love every
student like your child, you run yourself thin. Pick the likely
candidates to bring into the fold, but even then help from arm's
length. In the end your "student" has to do the work, and maybe
you can help him from runaway to guardian.

To: vigil.list@hunter-net.org
From: cabbie22
Subject: Goonies

Let's talk about us and them. There's a reason we're
fighting the monsters. They're them. Humans aren't
them. Humans are us. So, it's okay to let the humans
help, but let's never forget where that line is drawn.

Coach is right. We're not here to make friends or set
any diseased minds straight. The object of this "game" is to
keep the monsters, them, at bay. Any of you who disagree
with me have no idea what these fuckers are capable of.
They're not kids who got a raw deal and need our love and
kindness to see the light. They're thinking, plotting, ma-
nipulating sons of bitches. The moment you trust them,
they stick a knife in your back. Don't think for a moment
that they don't have their own goals and their own power
hunger. That's what it's all about, you know? Power. They
play their little games because it makes them feel like gods.
They may put it in pretty words that make them sound like
saints, but don't beso naive. Youever been lied to? Youever
lied to anyone? It happens. And they're masters.

We haven't even begun to understand what they can
do. Every day, someone comes on this list and describes some
trick or toy or tool that a monster used to get the one-up on
one of us. And we sure as hell don't know why they do what
they do. This isn't grade school, people. We can't all just get
along. So get over it. Protect your shit first; ask questions
later. If you don't, you won't be around to ask anything.



Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation: and
thy gentleness hath made me great.

— 2 Samuel 22:36

As a Defender, your character has one of the most
difficult roles in hunters' war against the supernatural. He
seeks to defeat and even destroy monsters wherever he
confronts them, but must always remember the reason that
he stood his ground against the abominations in the first
place. Your character endures the nightly torments of the
watch and subjects himself to the tortures of witnessing evil
made manifest because something dear to him is at stake. It
might be family, friends, a community, a place or something
as intangible as a value — honor, for example. Regardless of
what your character cherishes, he recognizes that the only
thing standing between that prize and the hordes that would
destroy it is him. Your character is the last line of defense.

This self-appointed role is a desperate one because it
means absolute dedication to your character's charge.
Although he might see an opportunity to strike at the
enemy's heart, though he might falter in his stand, though
he might see a way to escape his duties, he must always
weigh such possibilities against the loss of his treasure. If
there's the slightest chance that a pause in his vigil might
mean the loss of his prize, the price is too high. The watch
must carry on and your Defender must remain resolute.

Asa Defender, your character isa proponent of Zeal. His
values and purpose lie somewhere between those of the cold
and impartial Judges and the wrathful Avengers. Defenders
pick sides where Judges weigh options. Defenders consider
where Avengers rush in. As adherents of Zeal, Defenders are
not alien to the Merciful or Visionary, though. Guardians
understand compassion and dedication, like the former, and
they recognize the need for planning and purpose, like the
latter. Afterall, ifnothing is valued and preserved in the war,
why was it fought in the first place?

This chapter is dedicated to the Traits common to
and unique to Defenders. It introduces new Archetypes,
Abilities, Backgrounds and Edges that you can assign to
your character and that the Storyteller may include in
the chronicle. Some new Traits and rules are strictly the
possessions of protectors, while others become available
to the hunter community at large as word of mouth and
mutual spread support among the creeds.

Creaving cFENDERs

Defenders often come from people who value the lasting
things in life, not money or power, but family, duty or love.
They realize that the loss or compromise of such valuables
would leave life empty and meaningless. Champions also
tend to have endured or witnessed the ravages of brutality
and abuse in their previous lives. They know the psychologi-
calaswellasphysical damage that victims endure. Would-be
Defenders know that violence outlasts the initial act, breed-
ing more and spreading like a contagion.

If the best things in the world are to remain, or the
world is to be turned from its path of darkness and
despair, the cycle of pain and suffering must be broken.
Defenders vow to preserve what they have or win back
what was stolen, and to make the enemy pay if it's foolish
enough to continue its reign of terror.

New Arcuer ves
The following Traits may be added to your game as
Natures or Demeanors.

Abusrenr
The Adherent dedicates herself completely to one or a
few purposes or hopes in life, and constantly seeks to preserve


orremain true to those values. Her primary focus might be a
religion and arranging all actions and beliefs around that
institution's tenets; a particular lifestyle, embracing certain
behaviors and dismissing others; ora goal, such as becoming
aprofessional athlete and recognized performer. The Adher-
entdoesn'tadmonish others for behaving orlivingdifferently,
she simply refrains from practices that don't reinforce her
focus. Perhaps only the harsh realities of the huntcan distract
an Adherent from her ends, and then only in part.

— Regain Willpower whenever you remain true to
your objective against significant adversity.

Mepbter

A Meddler constantly interferes in the business and
activities of others, whether invited ornot. She may noteven
know the people whom she intrudes upon, yet she seeks to
get involved anyway. Meddlers often believe they know
what's best for others, whether genuinely or not. They often
delude themselves into thinking that they interfere to help
others to better people's circumstances, but that rationale is
often simply a justification to continue their intrusive ways.

— Regain Willpower whenever you can publicly
prove that your meddling results directly in positive ends.

Moncer

Greed rules the life of a Monger. She treasures only one
thing, be it money, fame or even a particular object. Such a
person does whatever is necessary to protect the object of
desire, or to obtain it ifit's lost. A workaholic business person,
an obsessive collector or even a street person with painfully
limited possessions are examples of Mongers.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully
preserve or reclaim whatever you value.

Provider

The Provider may prize work, wealth and friends, but
family is paramount to life. When push comes to shove, the
welfare of spouse and children comes first. Dedicated parents
and loyal sons and daughters are examples of Providers.

— Regain Willpower whenever you preserve your
family's well being, whether physically or emotionally.

Derenper Camps

All Defenders hold something dear in life, and most
importantly on the watch. That quality unifies them. What
differentiates them is the extremity to which they go to
preserve and protect their prizes. For some, the loss of
anything other than their charge, including lives and the
valuables of other hunters, is a small price to pay. Others
might relinquish their treasures if a greater good results,
even though the loss may be personally devastating. Fi-
nally, some Defenders hold too much dear. They can have
trouble saving any one thing because they try to save
everything and fail on all counts. These three camps are
called aggressive, temperate and tolerant, respectively.
Accressive

Aggressive Defenders often concentrate on the attack
and operate on the "best defense isan overwhelmingoffense"
theory. In the spectrum of hunter society, they operate
somewhere between Martyrs and Avengers. That is, like

Martyrs, aggressive Defenders may be willing to die todefend
theircharges from monsters, but like Avengers they never lay
down their lives without great cost to the enemy.

Aggressives are still Defenders, though. They plan or
prepare for assaults, and might retreat if the fight looks
hopeless; dying to save a treasure is worthwhile, but futile
ifotherswill go unprotected. And yet, these Defenders are
more willing than others of their creed to take personal
risks to guard their valuables, even to the point of attack-
ing monsters directly and without preparation.

Before the imbuing, these guardians might have
experienced or witnessed the terrible price others paid for
meekness in the face of cruelty. Maybe they were plagued
by deep-seated feelings of impotence in the presence of
persecution, which compels them to act now. Aggressives
are often cold and aloof. They rarely seek out personal
connections; the loss of such would be to great to bear.
Their self-appointed charges are often items or places.

Favored Attributes: These Defenders focus on Physical
Traits, often Stamina, Strength and Dexterity, in that order.

Favored Abilities: These hunters rely on combat-
and security-oriented Abilities such as Alertness, Brawl,
Endurance (see p. 67), Firearms, Intimidation, Security,
Survival and Traps (see p. 68).

Favored Backgrounds: Arsenal, Iron Willed (see
p- 71), Resources, Stronghold (see p. 71)

Other Favored Paths: Beyond following the De-
fense path, aggressive Defenders often take Vengeance
edges to aid in fights. The Judgment and Martyrdom
paths also have combat applications.

TEMPERATE

Temperate Defenders are not so much defined by their
opinions on and methods in the hunt as they are by their
lifestyles. These Hunters often seek to preserve their "old"
livesafter the imbuing. They construct some method to hunt
that will not interfere toomuch with their previous existence
(or at least the appearance of it). Living two lives is difficult
at best. Most fail in their efforts, because the realities of the
calling cannot be denied at any time. The mounting stresses
and dangers of the watch simply intrude too deeply on any
previous normality. Friendships are strained, loves are tested
and jobsare endangered. Yet, successful temperatesfind their
normal lives to be a source of great strength, not a liability,
in their stand against the darkness.

Temperate Defenders are a bit more studious than
theiraggressive brethren. Temperates do not shirk fights,
but stand only when the fight is on their terms. These
Defenders often grow to become master plotters and
tacticians who lure monsters to their doom or ambush
them when the enemy least expects it.

These Defenders often treasure family, friends andneigh-
borhoods. The same tendencies/ philosophies/ beliefs that
make them temperate Defenders have also led them to careers
in service-oriented professions such as teaching, medicine or
emergency assistance. The greatest dilemmas these hunters
face is the choice between saving a loved one or neighbor at
the risk of more lives or widespread damage. Sometimes the


needs of the many outweigh the needs of the individual, and
the temperate Defender must chose who suffers.

Favored Attributes: Temperate Defenders must be very
careful, hardy and quick to make decisions. They therefore
favor Perception, Stamina and Wits (or Dexterity).

Favored Abilities: These hunters must balance a
sense of surroundings with practical skills: Alertness,
Athletics, Empathy, Expression, Research, Stealth, Traps.

Favored Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts, Fraternity
(see p. 70), Influence

Other Favored Paths: These Defenders almost always
stay within the pure Defense path, straying only into Judgment
territory for the capacity to identify supernaturals (Discern) or
tocapture them (Burden). A temperate charactermay acquire
Vengeance edges when warriorallies are not plentiful enough
to finish monsters off. The Visionary path also offers informa-
tion about creatures that might harm a Defender's treasures.

Toteranr
Tolerant Defenders are more open to other paths and
perspectives than are many other Zealots, and also comprise a
wider spectrum of personalities than do other kinds of Defend-
ers. Iftheyhad tochooseamotto, itwouldbe, "Besttolive today
to fight another day." Tolerant Defenders are thoughtful,
rather like Judges. They plan every stage ofa huntand attempt
no action without thinking it through first. Sometimes the
solution to a danger isn't right before your eyes, but it
tself with consideration, they rationalize. Othercreeds
—andcreed members—sometimesmisjudge these Defenders
as cowards, but it's more accurate to say that a tolerant is
unprepared for a confrontation at that particular time.
Ironically, tolerant Defenders may be the closest of
the creed to monsters themselves. Thatis, these guardians
can identify with the dark side of all people. Perhaps their
role as Defender is actually an effort to make amends for
actions or even crimes committed in the past. Acting
rashly in the face of the enemy might rekindle old habits.
Alternatively, reckless steps might get a tolerant killed
and prohibit him from absolving himself of past sins.
Some of these protectors have no particular treasures
other than their own existence. Others deify objects, hoping
to find in them purpose or meaning in this confusing new
existence. Many are so confused about the nature of the
struggle or have such widespread concerns for the world's
safety that they do not know who or what to protect. These
last tolerants may fight many battles, but they are likely to
celebrate few victories. And yet, who will protect the little
people and things that are overlooked by other Defenders?
Many tolerant Defenders mistrust the Heralds or at
least question them extensively. If hunters are created
with a purpose, why isn't it made absolutely clear? No one
pays the price for such ambiguity but the defenseless, and
they're not even party to the war raging around them.
Many in this camp have careers that involve inquiry, such
as psychology, psychiatry, social work, self-help and education.
Even though tolerant Defenders gather reams of infor-
mation before acting, they are not completely ineffectual
on the fly. Push these people into a comer or threaten their

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

charges directly and they are just as reactionary as Aveng-
ers. Indeed, that fiery response is perhaps their greatest
strength: People and monsters underestimate them.

Favored Attributes: These Defenders trust their
intellect above all else. Perception, Intelligence and
Wits are their most common Attributes.

Favored Abilities: Tolerant Defenders explore Abilities
such as Alertness, Awareness and Empathy that may help
them understand events. Ones that survive learn more prac-
tical skills for the watch, such as Dodge, Firearms and Traps.

Favored Backgrounds: Destiny, Exposure, Patron

Other Favored Paths: Tolerant Defenders may take
Visionary or Judgment paths to aid them in gathering
information and protecting themselves and their charges
from monsters. Even the Innocence path, anathema to
most Zealots, is acceptable to these camp members.

1
Tratrs

Defenders are typically territorial in their approach to the
hunt. They either draw the enemy into a fight of the hunters'
own making, or they keep monsters off their turf at a strategic
cost. The execution of these approaches results in the devel-
opment of or requires new Abilities and Backgrounds. These
Traits are not necessarily exclusive of Defenders, but are
appropriate to the creed. Other hunters may develop these
qualities, but should not at the expense of any protectors'
individuality in your troupe. The Storyteller has final say on
which hunters have access to these characteristics.
Tatenrs
ENDURANCE

"You still up? Did you take Frank's watch, too?"

"No, I took them all. Get the others up. If we're going
into that thing's den, we're going in at first light."

Your character has the capacity to withstand long-
term exposure to harsh conditions or deprivation of
sleep and sustenance. This Ability is particularly helpful
for hunters who subject themselves to long vigils, whether
guarding family, friends, aneighborhood or simply when
following a creature's trail.

Endurance rating determines how long your character
can suffer a hardship covered by this Talent. The higher his
rating, the longer he can go without sleep, water or food, for
example, before you have to make a Willpower roll to
persevere. A rating of | allows him to go without for 24 hours
before a Willpower roll is made. Every point thereafter adds 12
hours to that duration, so that a character with 4 Endurance
can go 60 hours before checking for exhaustion or collapse.
Characters without this Trait undoubtedly succumb to the
abuse long before, as decided by the Storyteller.

Once your character's designated time period elapses,
makea Willpower roll todetermine if deleterious effects set in.
Shouldan initial roll succeed, yourcharactercarrieson, butthe
Storyteller may ask for subsequent Willpower rolls whenever
circumstances warrant. Say, your hunter (2 Endurance) goes

without sleep for 36 hours. He manages to stay awake even
after that period (your initial Willpowerroll succeeds), but the


Storyteller decrees that all demanding actions performed
thereafter require a Willpower roll to even attempt. Thus, if
your character's quarry suddenly comes out of hiding and your
hunter wants to chase him, another Willpower roll is required
to determine if he even has the strength to try.

The Storyteller decides what the effects of hardship are
when they do kick in. Perhaps they're unconsciousness,
increased difficulties to actions, artificially imposed wound
penalties, or levels of bashing damage. These conditions
apply until the hardship is alleviated (your character gets
much-needed sleep, eats or finally finds water, for example).

Spending a point of Willpower might forestall hardship-
imposed effects for one turn, at the Storyteller's discretion.

Endurance can also replace or be added to Stamina to
determine how long your character can hold his breath
(see Drowning, Hunter, p. 207.). The Talent may also be
applied to resisting the effects of poisons or drugs.

This Talent cannotbe used to ignore wound penalties.

Novice: You're naturally resilient.
Practiced: "You Nancy-boys can't take a little
overtime? Go on home to mommy!"
Competent: You would make a good private eye.
Expert: Sleep is for the weak.
e@eeee Master: "Yeah, I've done Everest."
Possessed by: Parents, Marathon Athletes, Members of
the Armed Forces, Stoics, Buddhists, Muslims, Blue-
collar Workers, Programmers, Detectives

Specialties: Fasting, Holding Breath, Sleep Loss,
Work Past Exhaustion

Skitis

Trars

Hannibal stood at the edge of the pit. The rot stared back
at him with its remaining eye. Three of the foot-long spikes
had found their mark. Another stuck through its left calf. The
third had done the trick. It protruded from the left breast of the
creature's gray silk suit. Hannibal was lucky.

"My apologies to your tailor," he said, smirking as he
unscrewed the cap to a gas can.

While explosives, designer ammo and bizarre edges
are certainly more exotic than a good old pit, your
character knows the low-tech approach to hunting is
still effective. Gravity and inertia continue to rule the
day (and night) in this monstrous world, and low-tech
traps can surprise even state-of-the-art opponents.

Your character always looks for ways to make these tools
and tricks more effective. He searches out lore on monsters'
weaknesses, whether classical such as a stake through the
heart, or derived from Pinpoint, the level-two Visionary edge.
Your character is quick to exploit these flaws, and traps make
excellent testing grounds for creatures' weaknesses. It'snot too
difficult to set up some cameras to record the proceedings.

While not the same as Demolitions, this Skill can be
used to set antipersonnel mines, grenade pits or other "pre-
packaged" explosives that are used as traps. However, this
Ability does not confer knowledge of how explosives work,
nor does it allow your character to acquire or build explo-
sives (see Hunter, pp. 111 and 207).

There are thousands of types of traps, including
gravity ones. These may be pits, chutes or objects that fall
ona victim. Some traps involve guns, springs or bows that
shoot a victim. Projectiles can also be poisoned. Jaw traps
are illegal for most recreational hunting nowadays, but
antiques can still be found, and a competent blacksmith
or machinist could make a jaw trap capable of snaring a
human-sized victim and shattering bone.

While it is definitely easier to dig a pit in the country,
an urban setting has its own advantages where this Skill
is concerned. Stairs or strategic sections of floors can be
weakened from below or above. (A creature might detect
aweakened floor beneath its dead feet, but what about the
wall or roof about to fall on it?) Derelict buildings burn
quickly, stairs collapse, and the combination of electricity
and water can have interesting results.

The Storyteller may require that your character pos-
sess other Traits or Backgrounds to create some traps.
Arsenal might supply military explosives and gas weap-
onry. Demolitions may be required to create complex
explosive traps. Streetwise or Contacts may be necessary
to gain firearms or illegal chemicals or pharmaceuticals.
° Novice: That dog-eared copy of The Anarchists

Cookbook pays off.
oe Practiced: Survivalist freak
eee Competent: Armed-forces trainee
° Expert: Navy Seal, Green Beret, Special Forces
e@eeee Master: Rambo
Possessed by: Trained Members of the Military, Trap-
pers, Aboriginal Peoples, Wilderness Dwellers
Specialties: Pits, Steel Traps, Snares, Urban, Rural

Trars Systems

Potential trap victims should get a chance to detect the
danger before falling prey to it, but only supernatural creatures
with active powers of amazing speed or luck have a chance to
avoid a trap that has already been sprung. Detecting a trap is
aresisted roll. When the trap is set, roll Intelligence + Traps,
difficulty 6, and record the results. The Storyteller makes a
Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 6, fora potential victim
torecognize the threat. If you, as trappers, have more successes,
the victim walks into your pit. The Storyteller can also modify
the difficulty of either roll due to conditions such as darkness,
rain or availability of equipment (for the trapper). If successes
are tied in the resisted roll, the potential victim spots the trap
and avoids tripping it.

As for creatures with powers of speed or amazing luck
that are active when a trap is sprung, another resisted roll
is made. The Storyteller decides what's appropriate for the
monster. Perhaps Dexterity + Athletics, maybe with one
extra die for each extra action gained that turn for activat-
ingaspeed power (see the Hunter Storytellers Companion,
under the appropriate creature's "Power, Speed and Endur-
ance" sidebar). If the creature's successes tie or exceed the
trapper's original ones, the monster escapes harm.

Once your character sets trap, he can't necessarily undo
itand try again. (Youcan'troll Intelligence + Traps repeatedly
in hopes of getting a better result. The pit has been dug and


CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

can't be moved two feet to the right, for example.) If your
character has plenty of time to plan his creation, however, he can
make it as effective as possible. Three days devoted to setting a
snare allow him to put it right where it will be most useful. The
Storyteller can reduce the difficulty of your Intelligence + Traps
roll as he sees fit, but by no more than your character's Traps
rating. Thus, the difficulty of your Intelligence + Traps roll may
be reduced by up to three if your character has 3 Trapsand ample
. ._ time to create a device. Conversely, the Storyteller
li HABafe may raise the difficulty to set a trap if time or
Wake) materials are limited.
For our purposes, pit traps include strategi-
cally weakened structures in buildings. Damage
i) is based on the falling height (see Hunter, p.
208), be it a victim dropping into a trap or a
trap dropping onto victim. A 10-foot pit
trap does two dice of bashing damage.
But line the bottom with stakes and
ff you can add up to three dice and
transform the damage from bashing
to lethal! (The Storyteller decides
whether there's room or opportunity
to reduce damage by grabbing objects
or by tumbling upon impact.) Varia-
tions include fire pits, ones featuring
walls lined with downward-pointing
spikestokeep the prey inside, and pits with
strategically placed spikes to take advan-
tage of a monster's weakness.
Other traps include levers that release
spring-driven spikes or blades, and weights that
drop from above. Damage from these kinds of |
devices varies between five and 12 dice,
bashing or lethal, depending on the nature
of the effect.
Most traps are meant to kill, although
some are meant to hold a target. The latter
include cages, snares or even mechanical jaw
traps used for animals. Jaw traps break ankles
and legs with ease (three to eight dice of lethal
damage). If they inflict three or more levels of
damage after the victim soaks, consider the limb
broken— halve movement until healed. Breaking
out of imprisoning traps is usually just a measure of Strength.
Check out the Lifting/ Breaking rules in Hunter, p. 183, for
what's required to escape.
So can a trap stake a vampire? Yes, but not automatically,
Ifa vampire takes at least three levels of damage, after soaking,
from a wooden picket trap, it might be staked. Roll Wits +
Alertness, difficulty 6, for a vampire victim and compare the
results to the hunter's original Intelligence + Traps roll. If the
vampire's successes tie or exceed the hunter's, the vampire
contorts sufficiently on impact to avoid being properly staked.
Damage isn't reduced at all, it's just not distributed correctly to
paralyze the victim (see the Storytellers Companion, p. 31).Of
course, never forget that a zombie or other creature might seem
to be a vampire, and a stake through its heart might have no
extraordinary effect on such a being.

a


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

Any trap that punctures the skin can deliver poison
(Hunter, p. 208). Poison can do one to three levels of
bashing damage per turn or scene. The effects last until
an antidote is administered. Unfortunately, it is chal-
lenging to find a poison that's effective against most
monsters, such as the walking dead and vampires. Many
hunters have to learn that fact the hard way.

If your Intelligence + Traps roll for setting a device
botches, your character might be caught in his own creation.

KnowteDces

Taerics

Coach waited till the last moment to reveal himself. He darted
from behind the dumpster and took shelter next to the rusted-outhulk
ofacar. His suspicion that thedead thmghadaninkling of intelligence
proved correct. The dead kid eyed him suspiciously, with what eyes
it had left anyway, and faltered momentanily in its approach.

"Come on, ‘you can do it," Coach muttered to himself. The
dead student seemed to regain its resolve as it lumbered forward once
more. Coach waited a second longer before he darted to the entrance
of his grandfather's garage, and slammed the door behind him.

Dana tossed him the shotgun while they both waited, breath-
lessly. The walking corpse started pounding on the door, shaking it
onits hinges. Coach waited for a pregnant pause, then chambered
around loudly. The sound accomplished what he had hoped: The
pounding stopped altogether and the dead kid shambled away.

Moments later, Coach heard the sweet crashing sound
that he'd hoped for all along. The engine block suspended
above the back door came crashing to the ground, pinning the
walker under a massive chunk of corroded metal.

"See," Coach said, beaming, "you don't have to be ina
game — or have any ammo — to call a play."

Your character has studied strategic and tactical ap-
proaches to real-world problems. She is likely to have been
amember of the military, the police or other branch of law
enforcement or government, or she has simply received or
immersed herself in paramilitary training. Combine this
Trait with Intelligence to discern the best approach to enter
an enemy's lair, either with or without knowledge of what's
inside. Apply Tactics to Perception to recognize good places
to set ambushes — or to anticipate where the enemy might
await your character. Combine Tactics with Wits to recog-
nize the fastest, safest route out of a hot spot or danger. The
Storyteller might point out how a Tactics roll applies by
indicating the best door to use to gain entry into a building,
for example. Basically, you get to ask direct questions of the
Storyteller as to the best way to approach a situation, such as
the least dangerous route into a bloodsucker's lair. Tactics
successes, if any, illuminate advantages, dangers or pitfalls,
and the Storyteller may limit information conveyed to the
nature of the question asked. The best route into a lair might
be through the back loading door, but that doesn't necessar-
ily take into account the puppet watching from the roof.

When Tactics is used to set up an attack, activity or
plan, the number of successes gained on the Tactics roll
may also be applied to the first turn of the actual event. The
Storyteller could raise a target's difficulty to recognize
trouble byanumberequal to the Tacticssuccesses achieved.

Tactics successes could also be extra dice rolled to deter-

mine your character's initiative; the highest roll is used.
This Knowledge allows your character to study and

anticipate the bestway to organize herownandothers actions,

coordinating events so that they proceed as she intends.

Ultimately, the Storyteller decides when it applies, and may

even make rollson yourbehalfin case failures or botches result.

Yourcharacter might think she knows the best way toapproach

a mission, but may actually set the stage for disaster.

° Student: Officer in the making.

oe College: Officer.

eee Masters: Experienced Bodyguard

Doctorate: Special Forces

eeeee Scholar: General

Possessed by: Trained Members of the Military, Militia Mem-

bers, Police, Government Agents, Survivalists, the Paranoid

Specialties: Securing Locales, Penetration, Recogniz-

ing Traps, Anticipating Actions, Coordinating Others

BAcKGROUNDs

Fraveeniry

"Who was that?" Lupe asked as she walked from the
bedroom to the kitchen. She was wearing a T-shirt and
cradled her bandaged right arm with her left.

"Fed Ex guy," Mona answered, disinterested. ‘He left this."
She held out a thick white envelope toward Lupe. The older sister
paused from scratching her back against the doorjamb, raised her
injuredarmand glared at Monaas if her younger sister were an idiot.

"Sony!" Mona declared ingenuinely as she tore open the package.

Lupe crossed the kitchen and fished for a coffee cup. She had
started to pour when she realized Mona hadn't said anything.

"Well, what is it?" she demanded as she turned. "Dios
mio!" Lupe dropped the cup.

Mona stared down at the contents she had dumped onto the table:
three thick stacks of bills —all hundreds by the look of them. She held a
smallcard, like theones thatcomewith flowers. "Itsarys, ‘Foryourcab.""

Yourcharacterhassecret or mysterioussupportersamong
the growing ranks of the imbued. While the Heralds might
guide these people to some extent, the supporters are hu-
man... orseem tobe. Perhaps the secretive Rose Foundation
has a stake in your character's fate, or she has friends among
the techies who maintaina hunter listserver. Although these
folks may occasionally come up with money, gifts or assis-
tance to pull your character's fat out of the fire, they cannot
be counted on. Another hunter might be impressed with
your character's posts online and emails her with a strange or
disturbing offer of unsolicited support — but not actual
teamwork. Maybe your character is spotted on the hunt by
someone who wants to back her, but for unknown reasons.

Your character might or might not have direct
contact with her supporter. If she does, there's never a
guarantee that he/ she/ they will come through or even
respond. Maybe an "informed" backer is reachable only
through a post-office box or untraceable email address.
Or perhaps gifts just arrive, as if your character is under
surveillance. The Storyteller decides the true nature of
the relationship, how the supporter operates, and why.


Someone comes up with enough money to
cover your rent from time to time.
You occasionally receive funding or supplies to
replace equipment that's important to your hunt.
Someone provides you with fake documents.
Perhaps you need to leave town and plane
tickets and a visa arrive coincidentally.
@ eee Someone outfits your hunt, but who and why?
Tron WitceD

The demon sneered as he twisted the blade in the young
woman's gut. He licked his fangs with a black tongue as he
felt the warmth of her blood flood over his hand. Her eyes
began to roll back into her head, and he let her weight rest
upon the stairs against which he had her pinned.

The smell of the blood welled up from the floor — a
generous bouquet. He closed his ancient eyes and drank in
the scent. They snapped open only when the broken haft of
a banister support pierced his lung.

"Don't you ever close your eyes on me, fucker!" the girl
screamed. She was still pinned beneath him, but now one hand
gripped an impromptu stake thrust through the creature's back.
Her other hand clumsily tried to hold in her gurgling organs.

Your character doesn't let pain slow her down. Even
before, she could call upon her will to accomplish amazing
feats when she should have stayed down, whether because
she was raised by hard knocks, just had to survive or
endured grueling military training. Now that your char-
acter knows the truth about the world, her tenacity is
doubled. When an opponent thinks your character is
down, she has him right where she wants him.

For every dot in this Background, your character can
ignore the effects of one wound level and any effects of "lesser"
levels. The diceand movement penaltiesnormally imposed at
those levels arenotapplied to your character. This bonusis not
automatic, though. A successful Willpower roll, difficulty 6,
must be made toreceive the benefit for one turn. Foreach tum
after the first that you wish to continue negating wound
penalties, the difficulty of the Willpower roll increases by one
(so it's 7 in the second turn, 8 in the third).

Once a Willpower roll fails, wound penalties can-
not be ignored with this Background for the remainder
of the scene. However, your character can always ignore
wound penalties for one turn at the expense of a Will-
power point (see Hunter, p. 126).

At level five of this Trait, your character can even stave
off incapacitation for a time by making Willpower rolls, as
above. She can't attack, run or perform physically demanding
actions, but she can walk, speak and perhaps use some edges.
The Storyteller has final say on what kinds of actions can be
performed while your character should otherwise be "out."

This Background does not help your character heal
injuries. Nor does it prevent her from losing more levels
due to blood loss from lethal damage or lack of medical
treatment. It might help her stay conscious and mobile
long enough to stagger for help, however.

° Ignore Hurt wound penalties.
ee Ignore Injured wound penalties.

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

Ignore Wounded injury penalties.
© Ignore Mauled wound penalties.
@eeee |onoreCrippledwoundpenalties. Incapacitationmay
be staved off fora time. Rasputin wishes he had been so tough.
SrRoncHotD

"What is this place?"

"It's my "s old busmess. My Papa used to let his
Shrner buddies workon thetrcars here. I'vemadeafewmodifications,
incase | need a place to hide my family. . . or in case I get visitors.

"You're welcome here, too, Dana. There's ammo, flares, food
and two cell phones. The place is alarmed and booby-trapped, so be
careful. Don't ever use the back door. I moved trash cans full of
compostin front of it to stop kids and vandals. There's an engine block
above the door. If the bars are broken or anyone steps inside —splat!"

Your character has invested time and resources to
preparing the ultimate workroom for his plans and protec-
tion. It's filled with maps, tools, books and maybe even
computers useful to plan, secure and defend the place and to
maintain the watch. More importantly, this hideaway serves
as a supernatural bomb shelter. It's rigged with traps and
security devices, and is stocked with enough food supplies
and perhaps weaponry (depending upon Arsenal) to outfit
the hunter and perhaps several other besieged people.

Design one trap for each dot of Stronghold. The
Storyteller must review them to ensure that they're
reasonable and within your character's means.

Yourcharacter'sratingalsoformsa dice pool from which
you can draw when the hideout is attacked. These dice can
be added to any roll used to harm or repel intruders in the
scene, as long as the Storyteller agrees and the application
makes sense in regard to the fortress (the player should be
allowed to rationalize how bonus dice apply in the setting,
explaining events narratively). You mightadd dice to initia-
tive in the first combat turn, for example, because your
character hasstrungfishing line outside and attached it totin
cans. Oryoumightadd dice to Ward because there'sonly one
way into the place and intruders must use it. Stronghold dice
may apply toasingle action ormay be added to adie roll that's
made all scene long if the circumstances apply. The previous
two situations exemplify short- and long-term dice-pool
bonuses. Once Stronghold dice are assigned to an action or
event, they're spent for the scene.

For example, Gary's level-three hideout is under attack
by zombies. His player Dave decides to assign Stronghold to
add three damage dice to the flame-thrower trap installed in
the corridor. The dice are added directly to the damage roll.
Daveexplains, "Gary'sbeen playing with the flame-thrower's
mixture." The Storyteller approves.

Because he assigns all his Stronghold dice at once,
Dave cannot assign them elsewhere in this scene. How-
ever, the Storyteller decrees that the dice are applied to
all flame-thrower damage for the remainder of the siege.
And of course, Dave can apply the dice differently the
next time his fortress is imperiled.

Stronghold dice can be divided among different
tolls, as well. Dave might have assigned one die to
initiative and two to flame-thrower damage, as long as he
didn't exceed his limit of three.


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

Your workroom is located in your house. It might
have a high-speed (ISDN) Internet connection
with an adequate firewall to keep out mid-level
hackers. You have enough provisions to last one
or two people for a few da'
Your citadel can feed and supply two to five
people for a week.
You have state-of-the-art security equipme
and enough food to last six to eight people for
two weeks.
Your hideout has a sealed environment and is
the size ofa large house. It can withstand assault
for afew months, if it's you alone under siege. A
dozen people can be protected for a month, but
n and cramped.
Your fortress is a bunker. It has multiple rooms
and secret entrances. You and a handful of
others could live there for several months.

Tue Hin Cosy of Commiymenr

Defenders can be among the most reserved and
cautious of Zealots. They have a great deal at stake in the

war and dedicate their lives to preserving their values and
valuables. Whether punishment is delivered and justice is
served is relatively unimportant to them. What really
matters is that loved ones and cherished things survive to
see a free world won by the imbued. Defenders do not
embrace the hunt for themselves, but for others. They

must therefore be vigil t the enemy, but also
against their own excesses, distractions and extremes.

Spending Gonvicr ion

Defenders do not usually pursue battles with monsters,
preferring to make monsters come to them under controlled
conditions (and, it's hoped, away from protectors' charges).
Defenders therefore tend to hold onto their Conviction points
ratherthan spend them rashly. Keeping a rese Sonviction
is good planning. Also, you never know when danger might
loomover loved onesor treasures, sosome reserve of Conviction
is always advised. Never spend your last two Conviction unless
absolutely necessary, as when charges are endangered.

When your Defender accumulates 10 full Conviction
points, you must make a choice: cash in for a higher Virtue
rating, more potent edges (since most edges involve a Trait
+ Virtue roll), and perhaps a new edge; or hold onto tho:
points as more bricks in the wall. The former might be like
if your character senses a respite from the enemy or if
prominent creature has just been run off, its tail between its
legs. A full 10 Conviction points might be held onto if your
character senses imminent danger to himself or his charges,
or if paranoia rules his life.

REGAINING Conticr' 10N

resist the dangers and threats of the supernatural by p

the things that they cherish most in the world. Their purpose
falters when they themselves do, when the enemy is allowed
to pass or when harm befalls someone on their watch. The


following actions apply specifically to Defenders in terms of
gaining and losing Conviction. As always, the Storyteller has
final say about how Conviction points are gained through
character actions. Each of these deeds should confer no more
than one Conviction point per game session. Indeed, one
point may be all that a character gains from pulling off a
number of these actions in a single chapter.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction when leading hunters
of other creeds in the successful defense of a charge.

© Gain a point of Conviction if your Defender
prevents a physically superior monster from reaching an
intended target or accomplishing an intended goal.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction if your Defender outwits
amonster ina way that immediately denies it the opportu-
nity to harm a specific person or thing (using traps to
confound a flicker's efforts to kidnap a child, for example).

© Gain a point of Conviction if your Defender
withdraws from a pointless or losing fight, without
compromising his own charges. Such a retreat does not
mean wets himself and runs away. A withdrawal means
an orderly extraction, usually a costly one for foes, in
which protected people or items are still preserved.

© Gaina point of Conviction if your Defender success-
fully manages to keep his normal life separate from his
imbued life (if that is a goal of your character). As a
Defender takes up the mantle it becomes increasingly
difficult to lead anormal life. For some Defenders, anormal
life is their inspiration. Your character is going to be put in
situations that endanger one life or the other, and he could
be rewarded for negotiating these twists effectively.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your
Defender makes a stand but fails to stop a foe from
passing, evading or getting the better of him.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your
Defender fails to preserve a designated subject from
harm or loss. More than one (all?) Conviction can be
lost if that subject is your character's personal charge.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your Defender
gives too much of himself to protect a relatively undeserving
subject, or if he strays from his self-assigned duties. Remember
that your champion is a Defender, not a Martyr or Avenger.
Ifhe becomes badly hurt or dies pointlessly to save something
inessential to his personal charges or to the greater war, noone
remains to preserve what was truly valuable in his life.
Likewise, he might abandon. his "post" in pursuit of an
unrelated goal, suchas venting his rage ona fleeing opponent,
and put his valuables in jeopardy as a result.

Auocarine Yinvus Poirs

Because Defenders draw a line in the sand, they must be
steadfast and capable. They can therefore be liberal in their
approach to the paths of other creeds. Ifa Merciful power can
help a guardian stand his ground, that's a valuable tool, the
opinions of hotheads and firebrands be damned. Defenders
are thus inclined to acquire Virtue ratings beyond Zeal,
particularly in Mercy, which offers such capabilities as hiding
in plain sight and making a monster see the inherent value of
human lives. Although a Vision rating is helpful for allowing

CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

a Defender torecognize the overall direction of the war, it isn't
as useful in preserving people and places in the here and now.
Defenders' relative egalitarian perspective on the other paths
makes them the stoic, dependable rocks of their Virtue.

Also, see the "Other Favored Paths" of the various
Defender camps, pp. 66-67.

Tie Price oF Exceprionat Yinvus

Defenders are perhaps the most down to Earth and
stable of Zeal's adherents. They can't afford to indulge
themselves in crazed attacks. Nor can they be coolly aloof to
circumstances or people's needs. They feel the personal
compulsion tofill the breach and save lives. Thatmeans they
must be prepared, capable and constant. Defenders' role in
their hunt is perhaps the most taxing of all hunters', maybe
even more so than their fellow Zealots'. They have some-
thing personal at stake in the war. The thought of losing that
prize compels them to stand up and fight, and its actual loss
can be their undoing, whether by throwing a guardian into
a spiral of depression or turning him into a crazed lunatic.

Accumulating a Zeal (or any Virtue) rating of 7 or
higher causes a Defender to exhibit the mental and emo-
tional side effects of her cause. In time, the burden of saving
others and compromising self is too much to bear. Your
character develops derangements. However, traumatic
scenes, anguishing personal loss or personal tormentsuffered
along the way can impose derangements, as well, whether
temporary or permanent. The first type are inflicted by the
huntand the Messengers' otherworldly intrusion into mortal
life; the second type occursimplyas the results of being fragile
humans in overwhelming circumstances.

‘At truly high Virtue levels, your protector almost
seems to transcend her former life. Even previous charges
may lose meaning or become unimportant while new
ones assume vast significance in ways that are inconceiv-
able to other creed members or creeds. Perhaps your
hunter seeks to protect the very creatures that he once
combated; preserving their miserable existences becomes
valuable by some means. The transition seems to suggest
that your Defender extremist understands concepts and
realities beyond normal human comprehension.

Of the derangements detailed in the Hunter rules,
obsessive/ compulsive, paranoia and fugue are relatively
common among Defenders. Others detailed below are
particularly fitting, however. These derangements may
also be suffered by hunters of other creeds. They're
simply more likely to afflict champions.

The Storyteller and player should work together to
determine whether the situation is ripe fora derangement to
take hold, and it should be roleplayed fully and realistically.
The derangement may be treated, but only through grueling
effort, psychiatric care and/or complete detachment from
the hunt. (But who will protect a Defender's treasures then?)

Muncuausex by Proxy

Your character is so obsessed with exposing the true
natures of monsters that she begins to emulate them, perhaps
even harming the very people she hopes to protect in an effort
to open the public's eyes. The pervasiveness and evasiveness


HUNTER BOOK:

of creatures overwhelms your character. Winning battles
doesn'tseem towin the war, soyour hunter decideson another
strategy: reveal the enemy by posing as it. She may fake the
signs of a monster's passing, work strictly at night, shy away
from silver and fire (or anything else believed to harm crea-
tures) orevendress upasamonsterand hurtpeople, allinhopes
of awakening the ignorant masses to reality. She does not kill,
atnot least initially, but ifher message goes unheard she might
raise the stakes. Your character is utterly convinced of the
tighteousness of her cause.

If your character's ruse is ever revealed, she attacks
her betrayer or must spend a Willpower point each turn
to resist doing so. If not captured, she may flee to resume
her false life elsewhere.

Puosias

Phobias are intense and persistent fears of certain
objects or situations. These apprehensions are totally
out of proportion to the true situation. Worst of all, your
character could be completely aware that his behavior is
irrational yet be terrified anyway.

Your character does almost anything to avoid the
object of his fear, leading to a sense of slavery to the phobia
itself. A powerlessness pervades his life. Confronting a
phobia initiates feelings of dread accompanied by one or
more physical symptoms: nausea, diarthea, frequent.urina-
tion, choking, perspiration, tremors, stomach disorders,
rapid heartbeat and/or fainting. The dice pools of anything
save perhaps reflexive actions could be reduced by one to
three during exposure, as the Storyteller sees fit.

Confronting a fear calls for a Willpower roll, diffi-
culty 8. Spending a Willpower point might allow your
character to remain in the subject's presence for a turn
or scene, depending on how intense exposure to the
object is. Dice-pool penalties still apply, however.

You and the Storyteller should decide the object of
your character's fear, based on the circumstances that
induce the ailment. The loss of a son or daughter on the
watch might result in a phobia of children or, more
accurately, a phobia of forming a bond with them. De-
fending a home religiously might result in a fear of open
spaces. Constant exposure to the enemy and determining
who is a threat to treasures might result in xenophobia.

Agoraphobia: The fear of open spaces. Defenders,
especially those with strongholds, often become so at-
tached to their fortresses, and so aware of the dangers that
await outside, that they can no longer leave comfortably.

Claustrophobia: The fear of enclosed spaces. Some
Defenders take the opposite view of those with Agora-
phobia. Their homes become tombs, the places they
know the monsters will attack. They feel safer in the
open where they can see what comes for them.

Nyctophobia: The fear of darkness and night. This
phobia is perhaps the most common among the imbued,
given that some monsters rise after sunset and most come
out to hunt under the cloak of darkness. Defenders tend
to fear the night because that's when their treasures are
endangered most and the enemy is hardest to see.

Spectraphobia: The fear of ghosts. This phobia is most
punishing to hunters because ghosts are among their most
numerous opponents. Defenders develop fears of spirits be-
cause, of all monsters, ghosts can be the most difficult to
anticipate and protect against, as they are largely invisible and
able to pass through walls. Spirits can even possess guardians'
wards, thus turning prized objects and people into the enemy.

Some observant and thoughtful hunters speculate
that protectors are the most likely among the imbued to
return to the world as ghosts; Defenders' obsession with
saving items, places and people might create restless
spirits that cannot find their final reward.

Triskaidekaphobia: The fear of the number 13. This
phobia is a catch-all for a hunter's irrational subscription to
(and fear of) common folk beliefs involving bad luck. This
includes the fear of the number 13, black cats, walking under
ladders and breaking mirrors. Not only are victims of this
phobia wary of such transgressions, they take steps to stop
others from falling prey from them, too, even to the extreme
of interfering in a larger issue. A victim of triskaidekaphobia
mightgrabthe wheel of acartoavoidcrossingablackcat's trail,
for example — right in the midst of trailing a fleeing walker.

Xenophobia: The fear of strangers. New people repre-
sent one of two things to a Defender with this ailment: a
possible creature in hiding that must be protected against,
or a possible ward that must be protected, either of which
adds to the hunter's responsibility and burden. When the
pressure of either situation becomes too much for a sentry
to bear, she snaps and seeks to avoid all strangers.

EDGES

The powers of Defense are not the same in hands of all
hunters. Here isa list of new edges in the Defense Path. Debate
rages on the net and among the guardians who have sought
each other out in the greater world as to the origins of these
capabilities. Do these edges arise due to societal or cultural
differences among the called or are they part of a constantly
evolving phenomenon? Those who believe the latter suggest
that further contact with supernaturals and exposure to their
attacks will breed new defenses to respond to those dangers.

Some Defenders develop these powers instead of the
more commonly displayed ones listed in Hunter, or acquire
amixture of edges from various sources. Ongoing discussion
of new possibilities and the manifestation of new powers in
broader hunter circles will eventually spread these edges to
other imbued, even those of other creeds.

© Aum

Alarm is used to create an invisible security perimeter,
warning your character ifsupematuralsapproach. By walkingthe
boundary of the protected area, your hunter becomes intimately
familiar with thatzone. Hedevelopsthesamesenseforitashe has
forhis "personal space." Creatures thatcrossthe perimeter inspire
an unpleasant feeling for your character. The intensity of this
sensation increases as the number of creatures that cross the
perimeter increases. One monster might inspire mild discomfort.
Twomight instill nausea. Three or more give your character that
feeling likened to someone walking on her grave.


When a monster crosses the boundary of the effect, your
hunter knows the general direction of the creature. The edge
does not register the proximity of any supernaturals "caught"
in the area when the perimeter is established, unless those
creatures leaveandthenattempttoretum tothezone. Neither
hunters nor humans activate a Defender's alarm perimeter.

Alarm applies to all monsters from noncorporeal ghosts
to wizards to goblins. Even people such as vampires' puppets
who have been bestowed supernatural gifts trigger the effect.

System: Make a Perception + Zeal roll, difficulty 6.
Compare the successes achieved to the chart, below, to
determine how large an area your character can affect. Your
huntermust walk the perimeter ofthe areahe hopes toprotect.
He can always choose a smaller area than the chart describes.
Once this edge comes into more common use, Visionaries
who possess it will speculate that the walking of a perimeter is
a mere trapping to make the power comprehensible to the
human mind. After all, spirits could intrude from almost any
angle or direction; the (typically) flat plane a guardian walks
really has no bearing on the efficacy of the edge.

Your character can sense the crossing of all intrud-
ing creatures. Trespassers awaken a character from sleep
if a separate point of Conviction is spent when the
perimeter is established. Some Defenders call this effect
"putting in a wake-up call."

Alarm does not pinpoint a monster's exact distance
or location, but its general direction is indicated. The
difficulties of Perception rolls to find a monster that has
tripped the alarm are reduced by two, as long as the
creature remains within the designated area. So, if a
monster walks in and leaves, the Defender might be able
to tell where it intruded and the direction in which it left.

Alarm does not provide any information as to the
nature of intruding creatures. "Something wicked this
way comes" is the extent of your hunter's information.

Alarm persists for one full day or until the creator leaves
the protected area. The Defender must remain within the
perimeter for the edge to function. He can't create it from the
outside and walk away to "observe" froma distance. Should he
cross the perimeter while the edge isactive, the alarm collapses
and must be re-created. The alarmed area does not move with
your hunter. Spending a separate Conviction point when a
perimeter is walked purchases one additional day of duration.

If the zone's creator is ever Incapacitated, his perim-
eter persists for its normal duration, but intruders are not
sensed while he's unconscious. Your character can estab-
lish only one perimeter around an area at a time; multiple
applications of this edge have no cumulative effect.

© © Lock

Lock seals anything —a door, window, book, safe, car
or even a computer hard-drive against supernatural pas-
sage, intrusion or observation. Monsters simply find
entryways impassable, as ifa door is jammed or an invisible
barrier exists. The view beyond a window is impenetrably
black. A computer just won't turn on or can't be accessed.

System: Roll Stamina + Zeal, difficulty 6. Each success
renders the subject (which must be touched — the com-

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

Successes Area

1-2 Small room or 10-foot circle
3-4 Apartment

5-6 House

7-8 Apartment building

9-10 City Block

puter in the case of all files on it) resistant for a day. A
supernatural intruder must gain more successes on an
appropriate roll (probably Strength to force adoor, Percep-
tion + Alertness to see through a window, or Intelligence
+ Computer toopenafile) to break the seal. Normal people
(those without any supernatural gifts or abilities) and other
hunters are not affected by the power. Thus, a person could
open and walk through a door, but a puppet couldn't. A
ghost could easily circumvent a protected door by passing

from opening and passing through that door. Not even
destroying a door or object will allow a monster entry.
The seal persists even if the creator is rendered
Incapacitated. Your hunter may apply Lock to only one
item at a time. The effect may be terminated before its
natural duration expires, if the creator so chooses.

© 0° Guard

Guard allows your hunter to monitor someone, safe-
guarding herfrom a distance. Your character can immediately

Sronvretuine SvaRvING EDGES

Hunters' very first edges — the ones they manifest
at their imbuing — typically have overt effects that
kick in intuitively when characters are first faced by
monsters. For example, a Defender confronted by a
monster can activate Ward and not think about or
even know she's done it until the creature is mysteri-

| ously held at bay. However, asnew edges emerge in the
hunter community, not all low-powered ones (that is,
evel one) are so intuitive. Some are esoteric or fulfill
hunters' subtle rather than overt needs. In the case of
Alarm, how does a hunter know to walk a perimeter to
create a protected area, forexample? Doing so probably
doesn't just occur to him unassisted.

The Storyteller can offer hints as to how subtle
powers such as Alarm work. Maybe a Defender suddenly
senses monster incursions in frequently inhabited places,
and comes to understand that familiar locales (or ones
made so intentionally) can be alarmed against inhuman.
intrusion. Alternatively, established hunters might acquire
subtle powers such as Alarm and sense possession of them
simply by benefit of their experience on the watch and
with repeated exposure to the Messengers' intervention.

The bottom line is, the Storyteller should assign
overt and intuitive starting edges to the newly
imbued. More complex or less obvious ones can
come later, or steps must be taken quickly to show
starting characters how such edges work.


tell if that person is in danger of being affected or harmed by a
supernatural being, and possibly gain time to prevent the
effect. The observed subject doesn't have to know that she is
monitored or in danger, but a creature must be directly
attacking or using some supernatural power to cause harm to
orinfluence the person. The waming comes to your character
asa strong feeling of dread for the safety of the guarded person.

Many hunters believe this edge works by asking the
Heralds to watch over a subject. Others interpret it as an
extension of Defenders' own devotion to protecting and
saving; their driving goals start to assume real-world
application. This edge can function over any distance,
but Defenders usually try to stay within running distance
ofatarget. It does no good if the hunter can't come to the
rescue quickly or has no allies who can do so.

There are no known variants of this edge that apply to
places or objects; only people can be defended. Perhapsas time
passes and greater understanding of the enemy is achieved,
some imbued may be able to apply this power to sympathetic
creatures. Only one person can be so monitored at a time.

System: Yourcharacter must touch the subject. The edge
affects only normal humans, bystandersand other hunters, not
supernatural creatures of any kind. The subject does not have
to be willing or even aware that she's under surveillance.

RollPerception + Zeal, difficulty 6. The connection persists
based on successes rolled, as indicated on the following chart.

Successes Duration
12 One Day
3-4 Three Days
5-6 One Week
7-8 Two Weeks
9-10 One Month

When does Guard work and not work? A warning is
delivered the momenta supernatural power or attack of any
kind is directed at the subject. The power used on the
subject might even be to her benefit, such as some kind of
supernatural healing. Guard does not differentiate between
benevolent and malevolent uses of monsters' powers; it
registers use of all effects as a danger (and yet, hunters' edges
used on a subject do not register with the monitoring
Defender). A monster may even use its claws or bite against
the subject. That action also alerts the guarding hunter.

Guard works even if a creature does not intend to hurt
the subject in particular, but the subject is in a danger zone
by chance. Ifa bunch of fiends decide to slaughter everyone
ina supermarket and the monitored person decides to stop
in to use the bathroom, your hunter knows the subject is in
danger the moment she is in the creatures' proximity.

Guard doesnotwork ifamonsterdirectsnonsupernatural
thugs torough up the subject. Normal people gifted with any
kind of supernatural capabilities are considered "a threat."

Once the subject is exposed to the supernatural — and
not before — your character intuitively knows her direction
and distance. This direction sense is not constant. It kicks in
only when the person is subjected to supernatural effects.

Note that this edge doesnot protect a subject from harm
in any way. If your character can't or doesn't arrive in time,
the subject is affected, harmed or killed all the same. The
initial threat, such as a bite, might even be delivered. With
luck, your character arrives in time to halt any further harm.

Guard makes no judgment calls about the malice (or
benevolence) of an action taken against a subject. If a
creature seeks to help the subject for whatever reason,
your guarding hunter must make his own judgment about
the creature's intentions. Few Defenders give creatures
that much latitude, though other imbued might.

Guard's duration may be terminated prematurely if
your character wishes. If your character becomes Inca-
pacitated while Guard applies, the power resumes for its
normal duration and may alert your hunter of trouble
after he regains consciousness, if any duration remains.

o 0 © © Prorscr

Protect makes your character naturally resistant to
harm from the attacks of supernatural creatures and their
"magical" powers. Blows simply seem to glance off or stop
coldon impact. The effect doesn't interfere with mundane
attacks, such as a punch from a normal person or a bullet
fired by a bloodsucker. It does interfere with monsters'
claw and bite attacks, and with harmful powers that affect
your character's body (tricks or spells that affect your
character's mind or emotions are not deterred).

A hunter using second sight or a perception edge such as
Discern, Witness or Illuminate, ora monster with some height-
ened sense, sees your character outlined by a nimbus of energy.

System: Spend a Conviction point to activate this
power. Your character's Zeal becomes a protection pool that
may be drawn from and added to soak rolls for the remainder
of the scene. You can add these dice to your soak rolls as you
please, maybe two dice against one attack and three against
another. They are cumulative with soak dice offered by your
character's Stamina and any armor worn. Protect dice resist
bashingand lethal damage. In the latter case, roll these bonus
dice alone or in combination with any from armor worn that
also resists lethal damage (hunters' Stamina is not usually
applied against lethal damage). Once assigned to a soak roll,
dice offered by Protect are lost for the scene, even if those
extra dice turn up failures in the soak roll.

If your Defender ever becomes Incapacitated, any
unassigned Protect dice that remain are all dedicated to
the next attack he suffers, if any. Protect can be acti-
vated and used only once per scene. Any Protect dice
that remain unused at the end of a scene are lost.

Protecthasnodie roll ofitsown. However, Convictioncan
still berisked in any one Protect-enhanced soak rollin thescene.
eocee Busy

When this edge is activated, a ring of electrical
energy erupts from the surface of your character's body
and expands outward. A hail of miniature lightning
bolts showers any monsters that the ring contacts. This
effect is visible to all hunters and supernaturals. It does
not affect normal humans or other hunters, and they
may take shelter in your character's proximity.


System: Spend two Conviction points. The barrier
erupts from your character's body and expands instanta-
neously to a radius of Zeal in yards from him. When a
creature contacts or crosses the barrier, roll Zeal + Stamina,
difficulty 6, as lethal damage (there is no attack roll). The
power affects even noncorporeal spirits that seek to cross.

A creature that somehow teleports inside the area is not
affected by the power. However, any creature within this
power's radius in the tum that it's activated is subjected to harm
as the energy expands outward. Once inside the perimeter, the
creature does not continue to take damage. It is harmed only
once, unless it chooses to exit and cross the boundary again.
Creatures take no damage from leaving the area.

The effect lasts one turn, plus an additional turn per
point of Conviction spent when the edge is activated.
Your Defender may also choose to terminate the effect
prematurely. If your character moves or becomes Inca-
pacitated, the edge comes to an end. No other actions
may be performed while Blast is active.

Blast can be activated only once per scene.

GuarDIAN Angst

Defenders' ultimate mission in the hunt is to save lives
and to protect cherished items or places. The need to preserve
and protect is the immediate instinct and reaction these
imbued have when they first witness abominations. That
mission also inspires them tocontinue the struggle, despite the
overwhelming odds against freeing.a world long dominated by
monstrosities. Perhaps the reason that most Defendersareable
to carry on at all is that they realize they can't save everyone
and everything. Hard choices have to be made on the watch,
and only a few valuables can be preserved to appreciate the
better place hunters hope to create.

It's in these moments of clarity that some Defenders
understand the big picture of the war and their role in it:
They must do what they can, and that is enough. Incred-
ibly, these insightful few are able toturn thiscomprehension
into an actual tool to use against the enemy. Or more
accurately, they can turn their revelation into a tool that
helps protect the things they value most.

Some protectors have taken to fashioning token objects
thatbestowan unusual elementoftesilience tothe people who
receive them, or to the objects or locales with which these
tokens are placed. It's almost as if the creator's determination
to see his charge through all harm actually lends the subject
some protection. Defender tenacity is made manifest. Such
creation actually alleviates the guardian's burden somewhat,
freeing him to preserve as many people and places against
supernatural abuse as he can, with the reassurance that his
determination alone still keeps his most prized charge safe.

Thus far, the creation of such protective tokens is limited
toahandfulofDefenders. The harried whofightevery defensive
retreat and perceived threat lack the wisdom, reflection and
insight topick theirbattlesand tocreate thesimple toolsthatcan
help them. No amount of counseling or advice from other
championsissufficienttofocusthese distracted Defenders.Such

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

people must discover the meansof manifesting their determina-
tion in the real world in their own way and time.

The sentries who have discovered this technique
speculate that the Messengers imbue them with the
capability to fashion protective tokens. Others believe
it's a product of their own will or insight, made real
through sheer intensity. Still others look upon the craft
as a predecessor of a burgeoning edge. Ultimately, the
origin of creating protective tokens doesn't matter.
What matters is that they help Defenders carry on their
vigil and preserve the most important things in life.

Thus far, no hunter outside the guardians' creed knows
how to create "good-luck charms" that keep possessors from
harm. Other creeds may be capable of creating their own
empowered gifts, but the items do not endow the same
protection that Defenders' creations do. (Creating protective
items is exclusive to the Defense creed. Other hunters can
possess edges in the Defense path, but they cannot fashion
protective tokens, unless the Storyteller decides otherwise.)

Mevuod

No Defender undertakes the creation or identification of
a gift or token with the thought, "This will help protect her."
Defenders barely understand who they are, what they're
capable of doing and the extent to which evil pervades the
world. Knowing implicitly and matter-of-factly that they can
design or designate "magical items" is beyond them. It's also
silly and beneath the human focus of Hunter.

The actual force that empowers a creation or item is a
Defender'shope. He wishes above all else that his charge will
survive the war against the supernatural unharmed. Inspira-
tion for the creation or choice of a defensive token therefore
derives from any number of very personal sources. He might
give a gift to his child, reassuring her that, "If anything ever
happens to Daddy, this bracelet will keep you safe. You have
to wear it all the time. It means I'll always be with you.
Understand?" Maybe a fishing lure that always brought the
hunter luck before now has all the more meaning because it
represents a fond memory of a simpler time. Bestowing that
gift upon a fishing buddy brings him the same "luck" that the
Defender had. Or perhaps planting a tree in a grove repre-
sents the Defender's hopes for the locale's future, an
investment of his own will to ensure the place's survival.

Many Defenders create the items they share. They can be
hand-fashioned or existing items that are altered or added to.
Tokens can also be existing objects with immense personal
value to the Defender and the recipient, such as a family
heirloom passed down through the generations or a hockey
trading card prized equally between brothers. In the case of
offering an existing object, the bestowal of the possession
typically comes with significant meaning —a sacrifice made
oranenormousactofgenerosity. "I've had thisforyears. know
you've always liked it. Here, it's yours."

Some Defenders go so far as to engrave a hunter code
symbol onto an object, such as that for "Defender," "Pro-
tected," "Hope," "Charge," "Victory" or "Safe Haven."

Regardless of what item is offered and why it's chosen, the
donation and its symbolism are the keys to any protection


HUNTER BOOK: DE

conferred. Theitem representsabond, and thatconnectionis what's truly important,
not the object itself. Remember that when your character creates or choosesa token,
it's not shared without meaning. Any item passed flippantly or without sufficient
significance is useless. The Storyteller decides when a token has enough personal
weight. An ingenuine Defender (and his charge) learn a lesson the hard way.
Sysrem
Before a Defender can manifest his passion for a charge into a real-world
item, he must understand the significance and greater meaning of preserving his
charge, and of the watch as a whole. "Guarding stuff" isn't enough. Your
character must know why some things must be preserved, and that they
sometimes have to be sacrificed if the greater good is to prevail. In game term:
this insight truly develops when your character possesses at least one dot in each
of Zeal, Mercy and Vision. When your Defender pc s those scores, he is
ready to create or choose tokens to protect his charges
A token bestows extra soak dice to the person who
receives it. As long as that item remains in the subject's
possession, the extra protection is retained. "Posses-
sion" doesn'thave tomean "on her personatall times,"
but it does mean "remains her property." If it's ever
stolen or lost, the protection is lost and doesn't return
until the item is reclaimed (a thief or any subsequent
owner receives no benefit).
As for a charge that's an object or locale, the
token must be left at an appropriate place and
must remain at the site to bestow its protection.
Thatitem orareareceivesextrasoak dice ifany
are applicable, or it gains extra structural
levels (the equivalent of health levels) to
resist being destroyed.
The choice or creation of an appro-
priate token takes some time, usually a
matter of days, weeks or even months,
depending on how often and for how
long your character works on it. At any
time of your choosing, remove a number
ofConviction pointsfrom your character's
current pool. Youcan record thatnumber
in the margin of your character sheet or the
Storyteller can record it for you. For every
five points set aside, the token bestows one
extra soak die to its possessor. Each point set
aside also represents about one hour's creation
orsearch time. So, if your character sets aside 10
points over the course of three months game time,
he spends 10 hours in that period makinga final gift.
The sooner the token is offered, the more quickly the
beneficiary enjoys its defense, but your character':
Conviction pool might be drained as a result. The
longer it takes to create a token, the longer the benefi-
ciary goes without extra defense, but your character is able
to carry out his day-to-day hunt more effectively.
Conviction points set aside for the creation of a
token are considered unavailable to your character
thereafter. They cannot be spent to activate second
sight and supernatural defenses, to activate edges or to
invest into powers. Likewise, Conviction points cannot be
risked in the creation of a token. Nor can Willpower points
increase an item's protection rating.


The maximum number of extra soak dice a token can
offer equals your character's Zeal rating at the time of the
object's creation. Thus, if his Zeal is 3, no more than three
extra soak dice are bestowed to the subject. Creating a token
rated 3 also costs your character 15 of his own Conviction.

Your hunter can create a token that offers fewer extra
soak dice than he might be capable of. He might not have
the time or resources to devote his full Conviction to the
task. Forexample, a Defender with 4 Zeal might have saved
up only 15 Conviction for his token. If he can't wait any
longer to bestow the gift, the result isan item witha 3 rating.

No particular Crafts score is required to create a
token. The actual craftsmanship of a manufactured item
is less important than its symbolism or meaning for the
parties involved.

If your character ever acquires more Zeal points after
granting a token, he can increase the item's rating, but todo
so he must have it in his possession for an amount of time
appropriate for the extra points added. Thus, ifa token rated
3 is increased to 6 (your character's current Zeal), 15 more
Conviction must be invested and the subject goes without
the item for the period that those points are accumulated. In
the setting, such time can be spent adding features to the
token or meticulously carving a hunter code symbol into it.
Ofcourse, the beneficiary has to be willing to relinquish the
item for the duration, too. If it has significant sentimental
value, borrowing it may not be possible.

In the chronicle, any time dedicated to creating a
token must be set aside by your character. You can't
necessarily be traveling, tracking a puppet, and creating
an intricate token at the same time unless the Story-
teller agrees. If downtime dedicated to the process is
minimal, the Storyteller may extend creation time.

The extrasoak dice conferred bya token are permanent.
They apply whenever the subject is exposed to bodily harm
through any kind of supernatural attacks, including claws,
bites, magical lightning bolts or undead blows. Damage from
mental or emotional attacks or influence is not affected.

A token's extra soak dice don't diminish each time
the dice are rolled. They also apply to bashing and lethal
damage. Iflethal damage is incurred, the subject's Stamina
is not rolled, but the token's soak dice are, along with
those from any appropriate armor that might be worn.

Inthe case of objects orsites, the token offers extrasoak
dice, as above, or extra permanent structural levels. In the
latter case, no amount of supernatural damage can over-
come the extra levels gained. Thus, the glen mentioned
earlier would always survivea magical fire. A family portrait
could not be shattered by a shapechanger's monstrous grip.
If the offending creature or force is truly potent or ancient,
however, it might receive a Willpower roll, difficulty 6, to
overcome the item's protection. Even then, a number of
successes in excess of the token's rating must be achieved
before the item can be damaged or destroyed.

Bear in mind that a token's protection applies only
against supernatural harm. Attacks or destruction per-
formed by regular people or normal forces of nature are

CHAPTER 5: NEW RULES

resolved as usual, with the person or item's own Traits.
Normal bullets fired by a zombie also strike normally.

A token's protective value applies only to normal
humans and mundane objects and places. It is not relayed
to fellow hunters, supernatural creatures or mystical items
or sites. From the bearer's perspective, she seems inordi-
nately lucky, assuming she's capable of understanding
anything that occurs in the presence of a horrifying crea-
ture (or during her consequent "fainting spell").

Ahunterusingsecond sight noticessomething strange
about a token, but not any specifics. A perception edge
such as Discern, Witness or Illuminate offers more infor-
mation. Perhaps the item is warm to the touch ora hunter
code sign appears that's not of the creator's design.
Regardless of what's detected, the object does not radiate
the menace or inhumanity of the enemy.

Your Defender can create or choose and bestow only
one token ata time. He can create or share as many in total
ashe has Zeal points, however. Thus, your character might
choose a token for his wife at one time, but he can have
passed out three in total, equal to his 3 Zeal. Each token
encompasses your Defender's hopes for the future and
cannot be transferred from recipient to recipient. It's made
for a specific person, place or treasure. The token possesses
no particular resilience of its own, so if it's ever broken, it
loses its unusual properties and all Conviction invested
into it is lost forever. Your Defender can make another
token thereafter.

The amount of care, attention and emotional invest-
mentthat goes into bestowinga token grants your Defender
a limited sense of each token's status. If a token is ever lost
or destroyed, your character simply knows, whether a sense
of loss overcomes him or he suspects that his intended
charge is vulnerable. Your character doesn't know, in such
acase, when a recipient is in trouble, simply when she is no
longer protected by his creation. There is no range limit to
this sensation, and no more detail is conveyed.

A lost token may restore protection to a subject
when the item is returned to its proper owner. If it is not
returned, your character can revoke the protection
offered by the device and create a new one to replace it.
If a recipient is ever killed, her token can be revoked as
well, allowing your Defender to create another for
someone or something else, to the limit of his Zeal. All
Conviction dedicated to a revoked token is lost.

A person can possess only one token from any De-
fenderatone time. Multiple hunterscannot bestow multiple
tokens on a single person for cumulative soak dice.

If your Defender is ever killed, his token continues to
relay its protective powersas longas it isnot destroyed or lost.

Storytellers, use common sense when deciding what are
legitimate charges that can receive a token's protection.
Likewise, consider what a reasonable token is. A Defender
can'tadd structural levels to Planet Earth because his wedding
ring exists there. Nor is a toaster-oven likely to preserve a
hunter'scousin unless there'sareally goodhumanstory behind
the appliance. Make the player work to draw the connection.


726 ~
12 AY 4 B %
"egeee fy
AT ALS OAA "4%
: wee +
x \ by
~ Ty BE\\e 2
\ ‘oe y _" & a \ om
(err
Ne eed
Ve AEAX rot a a eS

Thou art my hiding place; thou shalt preserve me from
trouble; thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance.

— Psalms 32:7

It takes a certain breed of person to become a hunter — someone
willing to confront the monsters when their terrible visage is first
exposed. Defenders are born from even sturdier stock. They take it
upon themselves to stand in harm's way, not for themselves, or for the
creatures' sake, or to vent their own indignation, but to save others,
to preserve anything of value left in a decaying world. They therefore
havea great deal to lose in the struggle against the supernatural. Surely
their thin line can hold only so long before it's overwhelmed — and
what will survive the carnage if they finally break? The following
characters represent some of the regular people who have what it takes
to defy monsters and stand guard over humanity. They can be the
inspiration for or foundation of your own character. Just fill in the
blanks to make one of them your own.


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

-Busyeoiy

figured it wouldn't hurt to pop in. You opened Missy's
door and knocked as you stepped inside.

Prelude: Life has been... well, life. You discovered
sex in high school, got pregnant, dropped out, married

and started working at Charlie's Deli Mart. A year

later, you were pregnant again. You and your hus-
band went on welfare, and you quit your job to care
for the kids. The following year, you added a third
little monster to the brood.

Eventually, finances improved. Yourkids grew,
and you took a job at the textiles mill. Fifteen
years had passed in the blink of an eye. You and
your husband bought a double-wide. Your eldest
made you a grandmother at 36.

About that time, you found Jesus and gave
your life over to Him. By then, you knew half
the people in town. You knew their busi-
ness and felt it your duty to point out
their mistakes. When Teri Green started
sleeping around on her husband, you
thought it was only right that someone
inform the poor man. When you caught
the minister taking a nip of whiskey
prior to his sermon, you couldn't
keep it to yourself.

God must have been pleased
with your efforts, because one night
He let you in on a big secret. You
heard a car drive slowly past your
trailer, and you peeked out the win-
dow to see who it was. The car
stopped down the street, at Missy
Cameron's trailer. Missy was going through
a divorce. She had men coming and going all the
time. You knew. You watched. Missy was behav-
ing shamefully. She had a two-year-old.

As you spied, the man got out of his car. You
turned off the lamp to see better, and even con-
sidered getting your binoculars. You had good
reason. The man looked odd. Missy got out of the
passenger side, laughing. She was drunk —
again. You got a good look at the stranger under
the porch light. At first you thought he was
wearing a costume. He looked like he had the
plague. It turned your stomach.

They went inside. You couldn't stand it.

You had to know what was going on. Just
walk by. That was all you intended, but
when you arrived at Missy's trailer, you
couldn't see inside. You had to tie your

shoe, anyway, so you casually walked over to
prop your foot on the steps. By then, you'd

Na

J

That's when you heard the voice: "THE
BEAST HAS TAKEN FLESH." Some-
\\ thing loomed over Missy's body,
) tormenting her while she sobbed hys-
terically. You scrambled toward the
f) kitchenette, stunned. The next thing
you knew, your hand was ona frying pan.
You flung it, scattering cold food, and hit
the demon in the back.
Others in the park must have heard
your shouts, because they came out of
their homes. The demon ran at you as
if to knock you aside, but something
stopped it cold, like it feared your
righteousness or couldn't bear that
you knew its secret. That's when it
jumped through the screen window, got
to its car and drove away. Missy lived,
and you got plenty of attention at church
for saving her from her "abusive boy-
friend." You would have told what
really happened, but even you know
that some stories just can't be be-
lieved. Since then, you've taken up
the vigil in earnest. God has given
you a mission.

Concept: You've always been
more interested in other people's lives
than you are in your own. You're
proud of how much you know about
their activities. Now you see that God

intended it all along. You're the guard-

ian angel whostickshernose in everyone
else's business. You're the one who pro-
tects them from themselves by pointing
out their indiscretions.

Roleplaying Hints: You're God's
tool. Your curiosity leads you to find out
things about people. If you think they're

messing up, you say so. Everything is your
business. You're not above grilling some-
one on their personal life, nor are you above
sneaking around to spy. And now that you
know you're not the only one, you keep your
eyes open and call your appointed allies at the
first sign of trouble.
Equipment: Binoculars, notebook, pen,
Holy Bible, station wagon


[HUNT £R-B00K San
UA eT ee a, 5

[OMAR On/MOTAL)
Nature: Meddler

Nave: PRIMARY VIRTUE: Zeal

PLayer: DEMEANOR:Caregiver CREED: Defense

CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Busybody StarTING CONVICTION:3

© pee ae ees AT RBUES SS ete ee
PHYSICAL SociaL MENTAL

Strength, @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Dexterity. @@@00 = = Manipulation__ @@@O00_siIntelligence___— ®@#®@00
Stamina @@000 Appearance ®OOOO)SCOWWits_ OO
© bate ae Swe AD)S "Se ee eee

TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness _eicious senavie) @@@@O Animal Ken 00000 = Academics. @0000
Athletics @0000 = Crafts___(aitoring) _ @@OOO —_ Bureaucracy 00000
Awareness @@@00 = Demolitions_______00000 Computer. 00000
Brawl @0000. ~Drive_ 000 Ss Finance 00000
; Dodge @0000 Etiquette. @0000 Investigation. @0000
Empathy_____——— 9797000 Firearms______ ~~ 990000 Law 00000
Expression, —@0000 Melee 00000 __Linguistics 00000
Intimidation 00000 Performance______ 00000 Medicine @0000
Intuition. @e@00o) Security. 00000) Occult 00000
Leadership @0000 _ Stealth @@000 Politics @0000
Streetwise oooo00 Survival 0000 _—séResearch 00000
Subterfuge. @@0@00 = = Technology______— 900000 Science 00000
© pee cen woe, ADVANTAGES Set ete ee

| BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
} Nae CREED Leva. TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal

‘Scort Spevr ‘Score Spent ‘Score Srenr
Allies __@O000 Ward _ Defense@OOOO____ Ss 1 O—__ 11 O__ 1 @-&
contaciz e0eo0 ejmmata Defeeeomo00 2 0 2 SE
Fame @@000 00000: 410. = #105) 4 OE
Resources ___— ®@OOOO OO0000. 8 Oe s+ "5 OL =e 5 Or.
00000 00000 6 Oe 6 Os, 61O0L=-
00000 00000 H oS g a q =
Saco. OOOe ae a =: ae
100... 10.0 10.08

© ee. 3) SE ey ee ee oe
eemmzu DERANGEMENTS em 9 ememmm= CONVICTION em eee HEALTH ee ee

@@e@eeee@0000 Bruised fel
Ww Hurt 2a |
aS aed Injured 41 O
e@e@e@eeoooodd Wounded or ia]
ae mt a a) a Mauled 20
aaa» EXPERIENCE ———— Crippled 5
Incapacitated Oo

eer See


Prelude: Life hasn't been very good toyou. There isn't __like ghosts', hidden in their real ones. You started to panic,
a lot to grow up and hope for on the wrong side of the but a strange calm came over you, along with a realization:
border, south of San Diego. Yourfamilyalwaysworked None of the girls or the bartendersor the otherbouncers
the tourist trade, cheating gringos out of their cash were wrong — just the crowd. Everyone else carried
by selling rugs and crap at outrageous prices. The on like nothing had changed. Only you knew!
tourists had no idea how to haggle, or that they were Something had to be done, but how? Without
being ripped off, even though the guy down the street getting the real people hurt? You had to protect
was selling the same shit at half the price. It wasn't 4 them, if only because they were alive and these
your problem, though. Ifpeople were dumb enough to things... weren't. Outwardly calm, you walked

get cheated, that's what they deserved.

Although you quietly hoped for a differ-
ent life, you never expected it to come to
you — and certainly not the way it did.
Your girlfriend Conzuela decided to eam
easy money by working the bar strip.
Thank Godshewasn'tinterested in work-
ing the back alleys, like all the cheap
whores. She got a job at a high-priced
club, the kind filled with leering gringos,
the ones who hoped to get something
special in return for a lousy tip.

The money she got was good, but
you still didn't like the idea. Other men
shouldn't see your girlfriend that way, your
way. She wouldn't quit, though, no matter
how loudly you insisted. That's when you
got a job as a bouncer, to make sure no one
went too far with her. Working there only
made more problems, though. Conzuela felt
crowded by you standing guard right next to her
tables. When you picked a fight with some fat
asshole with lotsof money and greasy hands, she
dumped you. You kept working after that just to
piss her off. Besides, there were other girls there
too, and you noticed the looks they gave you.

It wasn't long afterward when your rea-
sons for staying changed altogether. You
were looming near the crowd as usual one
night, surveying the shit-bag customers
when a voice came over the loudspeaker:
"THE DEAD COVET THE LIVING."
The voice spoke in perfect Spanish, but
Juan the DJ was supposed to speak in En-
glish. That's when you noticed Juan was at
the bar. No one was in his booth.

Your irritation changed to a pang of
terror when you looked across the crowd for
the troublemaker and truly saw them for the
first time: The audience was dead. Atleast, all
the men sitting, watching were like rotting
corpses or were dead-looking, with other faces,

over to the main dance floor, mid-song, and held
out a hand to the performer. Confused, she took

it and stepped down. Juan, now back in his
booth, stopped the music abruptly as if to
shout at you, but he didn't get a chance. You
simply turned to the crowd and announced:
"Conozco tu tipo." —"I know what you are."

There was a moment of painful silence.
Then ripples of concern washed through the
audience. Heads turned, some real, some wisp-
like. Nervous murmurs spread. That's when
one, thenanotherandfinally the whole crowd
gotupand left the club. Energized, youshouted

"Tu tipo no es bienvenido." —"Your kind isn't

welcome here" — after them.

The rest of the staff was stunned. What
had you done? You barely convinced the
boss to let you keep your job, explaining
hastily that there had been talk of "a fight...
a big one." Now you're on the shit list.

Business hasn't been near as good since, but
at least it's been alive. You've also seen more
dead things since that night — lots of them.
What can you do when there are so many?
Maybe you should just worry about where you
are and what you've got.

Concept: You'rea regular guy without much
education. You're lucky, though; you have muscle
and youcan take care of yourself. Beinga bouncer
is perfect: free drinks, pretty girls. It's just every-
thing else in your life that makes no sense.
Clinging desperately to your old habits helps, but
what happens if things change — or if something
changes things for you?

Roleplaying Hints: Youdon't judge people.
Getting along with your co-workers and
the club's human audience is proof of
that. Sure, you can muscle your way
around, but you know how to talk
people—and some corpses—down,
too. Your main goal is to keep living
people safe, if only on your tiny bit of turf.
Equipment: Billy club, T-shirt, jeans, sneakers


NAME:
Player:
CHRONICLE:

ConcEPT: Bouncer

a

PRIMARY VIRTUE: Zeal.
CREED: Defense
Srarrinc CONVICTION:3

> bee ee Seen ATU SS et ee

PHYSICAL

Strength_(anrowing) eece0e0
Dexterity. @e@e00
Stamina @e@e@00

Social

@@000
@@000
@@000

Charisma
Manipulation.
Appearance.

MENIAL
Perception.

Intelligence
Wits.

Oe FN ee

TALENTS
Alertness.
Athletics @0000
Awareness, @0000
Brawl____(einnine) _ @@@@O
Dodge. @@000
Empathy 00000
Expression 00000
Intimidation @@000
Intuition, @0000
Leadership. 00000
Streetwise. @@000
Subterfuge. 00000

@@800

SKIS
Animal Ken.
Crafts
Demolitions
Drive
Etiquette
Firearms
Melee
Performance.
Security.
Stealth
Technology.
Traps

OOO00O0
OOO0O

®0000
OOO00O0
@0000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics.
Bureaucracy.
Computer.

Finance.

Investigation, 00000
Law. @0000
Linguistics__(egiisn) _ @OOOO
Medicine. @0000
Occult 00000
Politics @0000
Research 00000
Science 00000

OO0000
00000
00000
@0000

oe bee an woe, ADVANTAGES em mete Se SE

BACKGROUNDS

Name

Epces

CREED LeveL TRIGGER

Allies _____@O0000 Alarm __ Defense®0000.

Contacts __—«®®OOO Lock _Defense@@O0O_

Resources @@000

00000.

00000

OO0O00O0.

00000

00000.

OO0000

00000

00000

eeem=x DERANGEMENTS -—— =m

oem=ue- CONVICTION ———
ee@eeeaeeedodood

oo==- WILPOWR -———
@e@e@aeeeoo0o0d
OOOOoOoo0oo0o000

vans EXPERIENCE ———=—

VIRTUES
Vision

Zeal

Soot Spex

Mercy

Scomt Sout
O25
(0) JES

Sr OMINAMEWNE
KH ODMUDAMUEWNHE
COIAKMHEWNE

|
t
1
z
5
|
|
|

Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated

OOoOoo000


HUNTER BOOK: DEFENDER

Close hyolr miput
Te will hurt'@nl / |

Prelude: You watched the Soviet armies march by
your window when you were a little girl. They moved as
one unit, all alike in their precise uniforms. You
remember thinking how you wanted to join
them in their march across the world.

Unfortunately, in your youthful exuber-
ance you failed to realize that the army had few
jobs for women. What a revelation that was,
spoken so quietly by your mother. She explained
that women were meant to make babies, to
care for family, while men did the things

Eventually, based on your test
scores, you were chosen to go to a
women's medical school. They wanted
you to become a nurse. On the day of
graduation, you were assigned to an
army medical unit. You underwent
more training to handle medical care
in battle, but also learned self-de-
fense, military protocol and how to
handle firearms.

Over the next few years, you car-
ried out your duties in battle-tom areas.

You followed the Soviet army wherever

it led. Then came the "great betrayal," as
you call it. Military conflicts occurred less
frequently. You spent more time playing
cards and emptying bedpans than you did
repairing bullet wounds or picking shell frag-
ments from tattered bodies.

Eventually, your final orders arrived.
Soviet officials had appointed you to a
veteran's home. A hospital for tired old
soldiers! At first you thought it was a mis-
take. But in the days that followed, youcame
to realize that your loyalty to yourself out-
weighed your loyalty to the USSR

You defied your orders. It wasn't difficult.
You simply walked away one night, headed
into the hills of Croatia. From there, you found
a ride across Slovenia and entered Italy near
Trieste. You were fortunate. The trip, which
took only a few days, was short enough that your
countrymen did not notice your absence until it
was too late.

You stayed in Italy for nearly a year. With-
out help, you would have had remained for
some time. You met a man who fell in love
with you, however, and he gave youmoney

to travel to England. Once there, you applied for citizen- +
ship and a license to practice medicine.
Then a new war found you. Shortly after you
received your British citizenship, you were in the
vicinity of abomb explosion ata business. Another
political act of terrorism. You were showered with
glass and thrown to the ground, your mind flashing
back to your days in the service. Instinctively, you
sought out any injured. That's when the sensa-
tion struck you. Something wrong was nearby.
Something dead, but not someone killed
by the blast. Something evil.

You spotted a shambling figure. It
appeared to be a badly decayed person
walking through the carnage. Its eyes
met yours. Inky blackness spilled like

tears down its cheeks. In that timeless
moment, youknew there were far worse
things in the world than mankind. You
knew that there was another war brew-
ing, one that had been kept secret from
you — until now.
Although your anger demanded
that you pursue the abomination and
destroy it, you could not. The injured
needed you more. There would be time
enough to wage a private war... later.
Concept: You have always believed
that you had a greater purpose, and you
have always sensed that it somehow re-
volved around war. Medicine came later,
but you have embraced it as wholeheart-
edly as part of your military calling. Now
you combine your pursuits in the most
important mission you have ever under-
taken, and this one is not for any faceless
authority. It is for yourself.
Roleplaying Hints: Perhaps you fo-
cused your maternal instincts into
medicine. Of course, those old gender-
based stereotypes mean little to you, aside

from the occasional childhood self-doubt
that keeps you from truly taking charge.
You are organized and cool under stressful
conditions. Growing up in the USSR made
you tough and turned you into an excellent
military doctor, but it also cultivated your
terrible bedside manner.

Equipment: Fully equipped doctor's

kit, Glock 9mm, uniform-style pantsuit


HUNT EK-
oat, vt

Name: Narure: Adherent PRIMARY VIRTUE: zeal

Payer: DEMEANOR:Caregiver CREED: Defense
CHRONICLE: ConctPr: Combat Doctor —STARTINGCONVICTION:3
© bee en en ATTRIBUTES SS ete ee
PHYSICAL Social MENTAL
Strength. @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @@000
Dexterity_(uick reactions) @@@@O Manipulation @@000 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina__(gesoture) _@@@@O Appearance @@000 = Wits. @@000
oe 8 Sees A2) ES SS eee ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@e00 = Animal Ken 00000 Academics 00000
Athletics @@000 = Crafts 00000 Bureaucracy. @0000
Awareness @0000 __ Demolitions. 00000 Computer. @0000
Brawl. _____ @@000 Drive. @0000 Finance 00000
Dodge @@000 ss Etiquette 00000 Investigation. 00000
Empathy 00000 Firearms_______——@@@00_~—_ Law 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee @0000 __Linguistics__(ngiisn) _@OOOO
Intimidation 00000 _ Performance. 00000 Medicine @0000
Intuition, 00000 _ Security 00000 = Occult 00000
Leadership, 00000 _ Stealth 00000 Politics @e000
Streetwise 00000 Survival. 00000 _ Research. 00000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology. 00000 _ Science @0000
© pame cen swore, ADVANTAGES Sem pete See Se
BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name CREED LeveL = TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal
‘Score Spent ‘Score Spevt ‘Score Spevr
Allies ___@0000 Alarm __Defense@OOOO______—ss—s1 O—_ +110 1 @ x
Arsenal @@000 Rejuvenate Defense®®000 2 Bo eae bate
tmziny eno <oommeme fg at
Resources _ ®OOOO 00000. 5, OW, 5 Ol. 570 =
OO00O0 OOO0O0O. 6 OL. 6 O___ 16 (02
00000 00000. 70__ 7 O0__ 7 O__
e000 coon «8 FO BO
100—___ 100 100

> bei on) OP ans Oe
ewe DERANGEMENTS -—eme 9 emmmacum= CONVICTION em eee HEALTH eee ee

e@eeeeee0o0ood Bruised oO

Hurt 10
wememes WILLPOWER «= —— Injured ly
@eee@eeee@000 Wounded 4 il
Fa tf a a a | Mauled 20
eumcues EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled Es ye |

Incapacitated Oo


HUNT ER BOOK: DEFENDER

Prelude: There's something that really sucks about
coming from the stereotypical dysfunctional family.
Sure, everybody's alcoholic mother passes out
with a lit cigarette at least once. Everyone's
father splits with a younger woman. Whose kid
brother doesn't make trouble? The thing is, you

have to hold it all together.

So, when the time came for college, you were
ready to start your own life. Your mother had
cleaned up her act. Your kid brother could feed

himself. They didn't need you anymore, so you
left. Shitty part is, at college all you did was
make needy friends. If anybody had to go to
the hospital or get bailed out of jail, some-
body called you. In the long run, you
didn't mind. Old habits die hard.

Not even your reputation as a
"nice guy" bothered you too much.
Sure, it put you on the "just friends"
list of most women, but you didn't
have time for that anyway. You had to

buddy from picking fights with Neander-
thals, help your roommate study for his math
test, and keep your eye on that depressed kid.

One night, the fire alarm went off in the
dorm. By that time you had made resident
assistant, whichmeantthat youwere "in charge"
of your hall. You settled disputes, watched out
for drugs and booze, and enforced the curfew.
You blew off most stuff unless an infraction was
blatant. You did have to make sure everyone in
your hall left the building during a fire alarm,
though. You knocked on the doors, one by one,
then opened them with your key to make sure
everyone was out.

Number 220. You'llnever forget thatnum-
ber. The door was covered with stupid cartoons
and pictures of supermodels. Bill Jenkins and
Michael Chen lived there. When you knocked,
someone shouted, "Get th'fuck outta here."

"C'mon, man. You know the rules!" you
responded. "Fire alarm. You gotta clear out."

There was no reply, and you almost turned ¢

away. If there was one thing you hated, it was
confrontation. But then, a word bubble in
one of the cartoons caught your eye. It

said, "COWARD! HE'LL DIE!" A

shiver ran down your spine. You put

the key in the lock.

Wad, bail ; ia and
iL se i}

"Bill? Mike? I'm comin' in!" The door opened just
enough for you to see inside. Something growled and
slammed it shut. You took iton the chin and staggered
back into the hall, but you barely noticed the pain.
You knew what you'd seen: Michael lying on the

floor in a puddle of blood.
You didn't question what you had todo. Someone
4 needed you, now more than ever, as if your entire life
of helping other people had led up to that moment.
You searched for a weapon in 219, Tom's room.
He had a baseball bat in the corner. You
picked it up. But then a reading lamp
SS suddenly flickered on over his bed. It
highlighted a silver crucifix Tom had
hanging on the wall. The religious sig-
nificance didn't matter to you. To your
eyes it just looked sharp — like a knife.

You left the bat behind.

The rest happened quickly. You
didn't give yourself time to think or
be afraid. This time you didn't an-
nounce yourself. Instinct took over.

It was huddled in a corner when you

With the crucifix stuck in its chest, the
thing crashed through the window.
They never found Bill. Michael sur-
vived, but he'll never be the same. You
visit him on weekends at his mom's. Looks
like you traded in your dysfunctional fam-
ily for a dysfunctional world.
Concept: You've always taken care of
people. It's what you do best. You're the
responsible one who protects those who
can't protect themselves. For the first time
in your life, you not only feel genuinely
needed, but that someone is watching out
for you, too. You're not alone anymore.
You've received "the sign." Some guiding
hand has touched you. It has faith in you.

Roleplaying Hints: You're ever vigilant
for any hint that someone is in danger, and

you're prepared to come to their aid. You don't

like to kill, but you will if you must. Quick-

witted and cool in stressful situations, you focus

primarily on getting a victim to safety.

Equipment: Silver crucifix dagger (you

got your own), portable first-aid kit, wire

cutters, baseball cap, jeans, running shoes,
beat-up Toyota Starlet


Nave: Nature: Provider Primary VIRTUE: Zeal

Prayer: DEMEANOR: Caregiver CREED: Defense

CHRONICLE: ConcEPT: Parent STARTING CONVICTION:3

© bee ae See. ATRBUES SE es ee
PHYSICAL Socia MENTAL

Strength. @@000 = Charisma_____————— ®@®O00_-~Ss~ Perception__(mert) _ @@@@O
Dexterity @@@00 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence___———-— @#O000
Stamina @@000 = = Appearance @@000 Wit = — ©#@00
© ee ae See A2))/ ES SS ete eee

TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES
Alertness @@000 = Animal Ken. 00000 = Academics @@000
Athletics @0000_— Crafts 00000 _ Bureaucracy. 00000
Awareness @0@0@00 = Demolitions 00000 = Computer. @@000
Brawl 00000 Drive______@0000 Finance 00000
Dodge @0000 Etiquette @0000 Investigation @0000
Empathy. @0ee@00 = Firearms 00000 Law 00000
Expression. @0000_ = Melee @0000 _ Linguistics__(oanicn) ©0000
Intimidation 00000 Performance. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intuition, @0000  Security___ 90000 Occult @0000
Leadership @0000_ Stealth____ 90000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 Survival 00000 -~—sRReesearch @e@000
Subterfuge. 00000 | Technology @0000 Science 00000
© eee en ore, ADVANTAGES em eeete See Sw

BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES

NAME CREED Leva. — TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal
‘Scoat Spevr ‘Scomt Spevr ‘Sort Spent
Allies @@000 Ward __ Defense®0000 — 1@x 10 10%
Destiny @0000 pemand Martyrdom®0000 me Sone 7 oie
Patron @0000 00000 40L=, #02 4 Ol
Resources _- ®O0O000 00000. 5 0... 502225 (Ome
00000 00000. 620 1670-6 OS
00000 00000 70. 7-0. 3,0
8: Oc "660.3 se some
COGO SO00?) 20 9,055 910m
00. 100. 10 0Ls

ewes DERANGEMENTS s—eme 9 memos CONVICTION meme emcee HEALTH mee

@ee@eeee0o00d0d Bruised oO
Ww Hurt 10
Seen NILEOWER Soe ae Injured =) (an |
@e@e@e@aeeo0o0d Wounded 2,8
OOOO000000 Mauled 20
ae» Expy a Crippled 5 0
Ee Incapacitated O


Prelude: Your grandparents were old-fashioned coun-
try folk who cut their own firewood and ate the game they
hunted and killed. Your grandfather passed his skills and
interests on to his children. Although you didn't
come along until much later, your dad made sure
you knew all the ins and outs of the wilderness,
too. He took you fishing and hunting, showed you
the proper way to handle a gun, and taught you \
how to live off the land. When your family went on
vacation, that meant camping.

Afterthey retired, yourparentsmoved
to Florida and left you the house. You
worked at the local restaurant, hada few
girlfriends and got drunk on the week-
ends. Those were the good ol' days.

Then one night, you were run-
ning the register when a group of
punks came in. They were trouble,
the kind who loosened the salt
shaker lids and put your tip under a
glass of water turned upside-down.

You hated jerks like that. The wait-

ress didn't want to deal with them,
either, so you were stuck serving them.
They talked too loud, laughed too loud
and shot the papers off their straws at
other customers. One of those customers
happened to be a tired truck driver who
wasn't in the mood. He got up and threat-
ened them. Of course, the punks laughed
at him and called him names. When he
went back to his seat, one of losers pulled
it out from under him.

The trucker was pissed. He went after
the nearest one, the one he figured moved
his chair. You turned away for a moment
to call the manager. When you looked
back — the whole group had turned into
things. Some had skin falling offand messed-
up faces. One had sores all over and another
hada huge mouth with horrible teeth. The

last broke a bottle and waved it around.

Two of the creatures grabbed the trucker,
who was about ready to shit his pants.

To top it all off, the jukebox started to
skip at that moment, repeating, "SAVE
HIM. SAVE HIM. SAVE HIM." It's good
that it did, because the "message" snapped
you out of a daze. Suddenly you knew
that you had to do something or the
trucker would be hurt.

Yt

You grabbed a pot of hot coffee and rushed from

behind the counter as you yelled, "Get the hell out of

here!" Maybe the things weren't expecting anyone to

have the balls to get involved, but they dropped the

trucker and fell back from you. They dragged

their bottle-wielding friend outside with them,

but he hadn't had enough. He moved to come

after you, but somehow he couldn't get back in

through the door. It wouldn't budge, and all

you had was one hand on the handle. "And

stay out," you warned. That's when the
things finally ran off for good.

You finished your shift that day,
but things were never the same. You
noticed more things after that, people
who were wrong. Some seemed dan-
gerous, some innocuous, but none of
them right. That's when you realized

your family's home —and the woods
— were the safest place to be. You
started amassing guns and supplies,
preparing for the worst. Everyone
who used to know you thought you'd
gone crazy. Yeah, crazy like a fox!
Concept: It's as if your family's
legacy has all been for you. Without the
training passed down from your grandfa-
ther, you'd probably be dead now. But
you're not. You're alive, you know that
the world is wrong, and you have the skills
you need to survive it. Your family home
is your fortress for now, but you know
better than to put all your eggs in one
basket. You have hiding places all over
the woods. They'll have to burn down the
forest if they want to get you.
Roleplaying Hints: You know that
you probably can't just hole up and wait
for itall to blow over, but you do know that
your best chance lies in a good defense.
You approach every problem with survival
as your primary concern. You're no hot-
head and you don't rush into danger for
the thrill of it. You'll be the last one
standing, no matter what.
Equipment: Shotgun; .22 caliber rifle;
9mm handgun; homemade pipe bombs;
fully stocked shelter, including basic medi-
cal supplies; camouflage pants; leather
jacket; steel-toed boots; Chevy van


Name:

PRIMARY VIRTUE: Zeal.

PLAYER: DEMEANOR: ROgue CREED: Defense
CHRONICLE: ConciPT: Survivalist Srartinc CONVICTION: 3
© ae ae es ATR BUS SE ete ee Se
PHYSICAL Soca MENTAL
Strength @@000) = Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina__(riretess) @e@ee0 = Appearance @@000 = Wits @e@000
pete 8 Sweeee AD)S "Se eee eee
‘TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES

Alertness___ = @0000.)=— Animal Ken___ 990000 _~—— Academics 00000
Athletics 00000 = Crafts___(mgines) @@000 Bureaucracy 00000
Awareness @0000 _ Demolitions @@000 = Computer. 00000
Brawl @e0e00 Drive 00000 Finance. 00000

; Dodge @0000 = Etiquette 00000 Investigation. @0000
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms @@000~—s Law 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee @0000 Linguistics 00000
Intimidation @0000 Performance. 00000 Medicine 00000
Intuition. 00000 _ Security, @0000 = Occult @@000
Leadership. 00000 | Stealth 00000 Politics. @0000 FB
Streetwise @0000 Survival. @@@00 Research 00000
Subterfuge @0000_— Traps___¢rits) @e@0@@0 = Science. 00000
© ban en swoeg, ADVANTAGE Seem mete ee Sw

| BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Nae Crep Leva = TRIGGR Mercy Vision Zeal

‘Scomt Spevr ‘Scont Spent ‘Scone Sper
Arsenal ___@@@OO Ward _Defense@OOOO_____ 1 O__-_ 1 O_ 1 @-x&
2s 2 OR. wiekm
Stronghold _ @@@®@®O Lock _ Defense®@®OOO___
oo 3 O_—- 3 0.3:.@-x
00000 00000. 430k. 4 On, 410mm
00000 00000. 5. OS." 5} .OL--. 15) 020
00000 00000. 6 O26, 0 610="
00000 00000. 7O0__ 7 O__ 7 O__
8:0.=— '8 Or. § OLE
COmOO pooes 950-19 OL =. ome
100—=" 190... 100 =

Phim. a DIE _ hy CE Oe SS

ewe DERANGEMENTS «em 9 omens CONVICTION mm emcee HEATH eee ee

@e@e@eeee0000d Bruised O
Hurt 10

wa WILLPOWER «—=——-— Injured ai, dal
@@2@e@eeee@000 Wounded 22} [G)
OOOOO000000 Mauled 20
nis eel, Crippled jl
ae Incapacitated QO


HUNTER BOOK: DEF

Promineny OcFENDERS

Some guardians and protectors have already made
names for themselves through the hunter grapevine.
Whether through word on the street or on the Internet,
these people have received recognition among their own
kind or other imbued for being resolute in their stand
against the monstrous hordes. Or, these people have been
decried by their own or by hunters who fail to recognize
the importance of drawing a line. Some chosen simply
don't understand that preserving certain people or places
must occur atany cost, even other people or hunters. The
infamous among these champions usually choose not to
explain themselves when their stance is questioned or
their territory is intruded upon. Defenders weather the
siege, but sometimes it breeds a siege mentality.
Guapature Drom, aka Capeie22

Lupe Droin's story isn't particularly strange or un-
common, for the first 20 years of her life, anyway. She was
born to parents living in Chicago's Henry Horner Homes
— a housing project once described as "the boxes that
misery comes in." She had a childhood that was fairly
uneventful by the standards of her community.

Her father worked hard. He was lucky; he enjoyed
work for work's sake. Even luckier, his job (assembling
counterfeit designer clothes) was illegal but safe, so he
could salt away money without fear of losing his housing
subsidy. When he moved out of the projects, it was on his
own terms as co-owner of a small restaurant. He worked
14-hour days and saved industriously, always telling his
daughters that they were going to college some day.

For her part, Lupe worked fast food, got into a few
fights, saved her wages and blew them on overpriced
clothes. She learned to drive her dad's car and got
severely punished for getting into a fender bender. She

gi

= \

~N

ka)
Ee

g

had a number of boyfriends, got drunk some, got stoned
some, but was never really a "bad girl" or a "good girl."

Then she met Jas.

Jas was nothing special... to anyone else. A flashy
punk with good abs, bedroom eyes and more luck than
sense. He was well on his way to being a second-rate
second-story man when he met Lupe.

He thought she was pretty, and that's all it took. At
the time, she thought it was fate. Now she dismisses it as
lust. Whatever it was, the two of them were crazy to-
gether, and he got her to do some wild things with him.

She hada blast fora while. Breaking into houses was
fun. Until the day the cops knocked on her dad's door
and they found stolen property in her room. Until the
day she had to go to court and listen as Jas testified
against her for a reduced sentence. Until the day she
watched her father cry in public.

She was 18 when she went to the penitentiary.

The big surprise came when her father forgave her.
He'd saved for years to send her to college. That money
went to hire a lawyer and get her out of jail.

Lupe has thanked her father, but she remains unsure
how to repay him and, more importantly, how to win
back his trust. She started by getting a job, by staying
clean, by getting her gang tattoos removed. Now she
drives a cab and lives at home with her father and
younger sister. Lupe and her father almost never speak.
PRorite

Lupe feels that the imbuing has given her a second
chance to make up for the mistakes of her youth. At the
same time, she's torn. She knows what her father must
think of her strange hours, her pager and her forays into
gang territory. She also fears it will destroy him if she's
killed "in the line of duty." But her faith-bred guilt
involving her father also won't let her stop her hunt.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity (Aggressive Re-
flexes) 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 2,
Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 3,
Computer 1, Dodge 3, Drive (Urban Acceleration) 4,
Firearms 2, Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics (English) 1,
Melee 2, Security 2, Stealth 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4, Fraternity 2,
Resources 1

Edges: (Defense) Ward, Rejuvenate; (Vengeance)
Cleave, Trail

Zeal: 6, Conviction: 8, Willpower: 9

¢

Jnck Hanon, AKA HANNIBRLL3Z

Jack Harmon grew up in a poor area of Floyd
County, Virginia, where folks trying to lay low went to
escape proper society. Jack's father left when the boy was
a few years old, leaving him, his mother and his younger
brother, Brian, to cope with poverty.

When Jack was 14, Brian disappeared. Jack obsessed
himself with finding his brother. He spent days combing


the woods, far longer than the half-hearted police and a
handful of concerned neighbors did. They didn't find
Brian. Eventually, even Jack had to admit defeat.

Jack's anger over the loss engulfed him. He became a
troublemaker. He'd been arrested twice by the time he was
16. He dropped out of school at 17, got a girl pregnant and
was saddled with a loveless marriage. He lived off his mother

for nearly a year after that, spending his time frustrated and
drunk. That is, till the police called with information that
Brian's body had been found. A county workerhad found the
boy partially exhumed in the back 40 of the Kendrick place.
Even the locals considered the Kendricks "hillbillies." Some
stories were even less... gracious.

Jack didn't wait for the police to investigate. He
decided to take justice into his own hands and went to the
Kendrick place himself. There was a dog in the yard, but
Jack took care of it. Some kid answered the door and Jack
beat him aside with a bat. His shouts of "Who killed my
brother?" went unanswered as other family members over-
whelmed him and nearly beat him to death. Jack recovered
in police custody. The sheriff did his usual lame-ass job
investigating the family and turned up no connection to
the dead boy. Meanwhile, Jack went to prison.

Not surprisingly, jail time didn't do anything to
alleviate Jack's anger. If anything, the abuse he suffered
inside hardened his heart and soul. He was determined
to make his brother's murderers pay, but he wasn't sure
how to go about it without winding up in jail again. It
would have to look like an accident...

When Jack was finally paroled, he really hadn't
learned any lessons. He went back to his hometown and
learned what had changed in his absence. His mother
had died. His ex-wife had moved on. He had no imme-
diate family left. All he really had was a taste for revenge,
and he was pleased to hear that at least some of the
Kendricks still lived up in the hills.

ww

CHAPTER 4: DEFE

This time Jack went better armed. Turned out he didn't
really need to be. The only members of the family still living
there were old and senile, grandparents wallowing in their
own shit. They didn't even have the presence to confront
him when he barged into the dilapidated house.

Although the couple were past their prime, their
legacy lived on. Jack founda box in the bedroom filled with
a shitload of money. That was a start, he thought. He felt
only slightly more mollified when he emptied an oil lamp
and started a fire that burned the place to the ground.

Although the face of the local law had changed, its
dedication hadn't. Harmon was questioned as to his
whereabouts during the fire, but he couldn't be placed
there. When no other Kendricks could be found to
inherit the land, it went up for auction. As the ultimate
irony, he used the money he'd stolen to buy the property
and build a house on the foundation of the old one.

It was during this time that Harmon discovered the
cavern hidden off the root cellar. Bizarre, terrible visions of
child torture and murder assailed him, as if the ghosts of the
dead wanted their story to be known. He was confronted
with the horrible acts that had been perpetrated there in
the past. He buried the remains of the bodies he'd found
and hoped he'd laid their souls to rest. He finally under-
stood what might have happened to his brother years
before, and he vowed never to let it happen again.

Little did he know that not all the Kendricks' kin are
dead orgone. Atleast one has returned to discover the loss
of the property, house and cavern, and has tried to take it
back by trickery and force. Fortunately, Harmon's years of
hardship and bitterness have made him a dogged, ruthless
defender of his home and his brother's memory.

Prorite

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina (Deter-
mined) 4, Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2,
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits (Unsurprisable) 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 2, Brawl2,
Computer 1, Crafts (Improvised Tools) 3, Demolitions 1,
Dodge 3, Endurance 2, Firearms 3, Intimidation 2, Intu-
ition (Hidden Motives) 4, Medicine 1, Melee 2, Occult 2,
Security 3, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1, Survival 3,
Technology 1, Traps (Stairways) 4

Backgrounds: Arsenal 2, Exposure 1, Iron Willed 3,
Resources 2, Stronghold 3

Edges: (Defense) Alarm, Ward, Rejuvenate; (Judg-
ment) Discern, Burden

Zeal: 7, Conviction: 5, Willpower: 7

Derangement: Xenophobia

Xian Quan, ake DaDzaviSS

Quan is the heir toa sizable business in Hong Kong.
While his family is wealthy, they are newly rich. Quan's
grandfather started his family along the golden path. His
father quadrupled the wealth that he received, and no
less is expected of Quan.

The transfer of political power back to Mainland
China has increased the pressure on Quan to guide his

DERS AY LARGE

grandfather's company. Like many Chinese family busi-
nesses, it is a diverse lot: chicken farms on the mainland;
CD factories near Shanghai; and the foundation of its
prosperity, a small import business in the New Territo-
ries dealing in opals and jade. The company is the pride
of Quan's beloved grandfather, the hope of his immedi-
ate family, and the sustenance and security for over a
thousand workers. He takes this charge and his respon-
sibility for it very seriously.

Quan grew up between East and West. Educated by
traditional tutors and English public schools in Hong
Kong, he attended college at George Washington Uni-
versity in the United States. Once he returned home, he
worked middle management for five years. Only re-
cently has he been invited to come to the headquarters
and join his father at the head of the company.

Quan's substantial burden has doubled since he was
imbued. His grandfather has told him stories of gods and
unquiet spirits haunting the living. Then, one day, he found
himself seated across from one of those very things at a
business meeting. Quan drove away the ghost masquerading
as a Chinese businessman, but not without a cost. A week
later, a walking corpse attacked him as he traveled between
Kowloon and the New Territories. The pragmatic Quan
immediately contacted the "businessman" and apologized
for his rudeness. But rather than do business with the
creature, Quan pointed him toacompetitor, even though he
knew he would lose money asa result. Quan subtly took over
this father's calendar thereafter and started "screening" all
appointments, searching for a pattern among the creatures
hesaw, and looking fora means to protect his family business.

Indeed, when Quan was imbued, his eyes opened to
streets filled with supernatural creatures. A business trip
to Beijing proved that the beings were not confined to

Hong Kong. He will long remember the sights of the
Forbidden City, a city of the dead.

The pervasiveness of creatures has made Quan's hunt
subtle, so as not to draw their attention to him or his loved
ones. For now, protecting the business is his primary duty,
but he understands even that his battle is a losing one.
Something more —something proactive —must be done.

Tie Rose FouxDavion

No one knows what man, woman or group is behind
the seemingly philanthropic Rose Foundation, although
theories are exchanged among the few hunters who have
encountered the institution. The foundation's influence
was felt before it was ever identified online or by presum-
ably isolated imbued. Word of its first unsolicited acts of
hunter charity included money donated to Cabbie22 to
repair her wrecked taxi. It also supposedly financed an
expedition into the Congo to track down a "serial killer."
Someone else reported that the organization donated
food and medical supplies to a group in Chile that was
fighting zombies in the wake of an earthquake. These gifts
appear to have come completely out of the blue, and no
one requested that the recipients make reparations.

According to recent posts on hunter-net by someone
going by the handle Rose2 1, the organization's founder(s)
established it "to offer financial support to the world's
inheritors." Since that cryptic message, the person or
people behind the name have offered no further informa-
tion, norhasanythingmore about the group been revealed.
Indeed, Witness! has cautioned the chosen online not to
invest too much faith or enthusiasm into these seeming
patrons, due to the lack of knowledge about their identity,
intentions or motivation.

Needless to say, many imbued have swamped hunter-
net with requests for funding. In response, the Rose
Foundation seems to turn a deaf ear, perhaps simply
lurking in search of truly deserving individuals to re-
ceive assistance (ifany doatall). Ifcontributions ascribed
to Rose thus far are any indication, there's no fanfare
involved. Rose's motives would seem to transcend thanks
or adulation, but no one can say for sure.

Indeed, the Rose Foundation's anonymity disturbs
many on the list, despite their own facelessness there.
Demands that the group explain itself and reveal its
founders have met with silence. Some posters even re-
quest that Rose be removed from the list, for fear that his/
her "generosity" is actually a distraction from the activi-
ties of an invading enemy. The fact that Rose seems to
know information about other imbued, as proved by the
unsolicited contacts made, isheld up as testament to these
hunters' concerns. Nonetheless, the occasional hunter
receives an unexpected delivery from time to time, a gift
of money, information, documents or directions that
allows him to continue the watch.

Watiacs Sims, aka Dots?

Wallace Sims is not what you would expect of a
computer nerd. Wallace was blessed with intelligence, but
to him it has always seemed much more like a curse.
Wallace's father and grandfather worked in the steel mills


near Sheffield, England. He expected to follow suit. A
regular job and good pay. That would have been enough.
Yet, his parents and friends noticed the difference in him;
he could do better. The more they pushed him to excel
academically, however, the more he rebelled by picking
fights and hanging out with the wrong crowd. Once
Wallace was finally out of school and ready to start at the
mill, disaster struck: His father had secretly entered him in
competition fora scholarship, and he won. Wallace obedi-
ently went away to school to please his father but couldn't
take the pressure. A few fights later, he was kicked out.

Family relations fell apart after this final disappoint-
ment. Not even the death of Wallace's father turned the
son around. He grew even angrier at the lot that life had
dealt him. More often than not, he sat at home and drank
or went ‘round to the pub. He even turned his back on his
friends in time, to get away from the life he wanted to forget.

Finally, under threat of being cut off the dole,
Wallace grudgingly signed up for a retraining class for
laid-off workers. Surprisingly, he enjoyed computers
and soon outstripped his classmates. He might have
stuck with it, but the instructor singled him out for extra
attention, so he quit. But this time, rather than make the
same old mistake, he stole a computer and some books
with which to continue to teach himself.

Within a few years, Wallace's name got around on
the net, and he was offered jobs designing databases and
websites. He managed to keep his business quiet, since he
was still living off the dole. Then a hacker broke into his
machine. Rather than infuriating Wallace, the intrusion
intrigued him. Keeping the hacker out became a game,
and the anonymous person began to leave hints about
technique and how Wallace could do the same against
others. He had found the best teacher he had ever known,
and his skills improved by leaps and bounds.

Then, one day, the tutelage came toa crashing halt.
When Wallace booted his machine one morning, there
was a crackle of electricity and a message appeared on
the screen: "BEHOLD THE MASTER!" Suddenly an
image flashed of a hideous creature, an amalgam of man
and machine, slavering as it pecked at the keyboard with
cracked, pointed nails.

Wallace shoved his computer to the floor in
terror and fled his flat. He stayed away for days,
uncertain of what to do and whom to turn to. Finally,
he worked up the courage to return to his home. As he
approached, a car pulled alongside him. The driver
rolled down his window and called in a snide tone,
"Wallace, your latest project is late." As the man
removed his sunglasses, Wallace saw the metallic,
reflective eyes of the creature that had appeared on
his screen. Amazingly, people on the street saw noth-
ing and went about their business.

Wallace ran for his apartment. Surprisingly, his ma-
chine was still on and working where he'd left it on the
floor. Repeated line after line across the screen was "KEEP
THE EVIL AT BAY." Wallace immediately set to keep-
ing his intruder out, once and forall. The electronic battle
heated and he had to replace fried modems and fused
motherboards. But such defeats didn't deter him. If he was
going to free himself at last, he'd have to prevail. Finally,
the attacks ended. He had won and could keep his
monstrous intruder outside the wall.

Not only that, now he knew about them....

Wallace has never "heard" the Messengers. He has
discovered the burgeoning hunter community online
and suspects the Heralds have contacted him electroni-
cally, although he doesn't know how they do it. His
experiences with creatures online have taught him how
toelude and confound them, sometimes in ways that not
even he understands. He has confided some of his secrets
to fellow site moderators, but otherwise devotes himself
to assisting fellow "imbued" online, primarily ones who
demonstrate a similar calling for protecting what little
they have, whether in life or online. The Vigil website
and list are the results.

PRoFite

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence (Puzzle Fiend) 4, Wits (Sharp-Tongued) 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 3,
Brawl 2, Computer 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Intuition
(Inspirational Flashes) 4, Investigation 1, Leadership 1,
Melee 1, Research 1, Science 1, Security 3, Streetwise 2,
Technology 3, Traps 1

Backgrounds: Patron 3, Resources 1, Stronghold 3

Edges: (Defense) Alarm, Lock, Brand; (Visionary)
Foresee, Pinpoint

Zeal: 7, Vision: 3, Conviction: 6, Willpower: 7

Derangement: Paranoia


"

ae Ww!
HUNT CK*Ba

The Best
Defense...‘

{
|
"We know your ans 29 u:
kind. You stalk and kill rsd
defenseless people for yourown
amusement. Well, not any more.
Not on our watch."

a

+

dy

~
&

et

‘ Defenders: stalwart, determined, the thin oP Is
4 line against the monstrous hordes. What

drives a person to make himself a veritable
shield in the war against abominations? Passion?
Pride? Penance? There's no time for questions.
They're the ones saving your skin.

Is a Strong Offense

Hunter Book: Defender is part of a Hunter:
The Reckoning series dedicated to the creeds,
the character types of the imbued. Learn
' Defenders' philosophies, motives and ultimate
‘ goals in the war. Defenders are ever vigilant,
and all these new weapons and wards help
f keep the supernatural at bay. Helpful,
: if you must fill the breach.

hu
a |
THE RECKONING:

a