# File: Demon Hunter X.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

‘A WORLD OF DARKNESS SOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE:


Tee

1:

ae

TO DEAL. IN CHILD PORNOGRAPRY
ANP THE HEROIN TRADE.

a eto te

oT

"THINKING ONLY OF
GETING THE JOB

(ae ee Ne Meh tO

Toy

YOU KNOW
BEER THAN B
EVEN THE
MAN NEEDS ONLY
#7 INFLUENCE. AND MONEY
STO RULE.

r BES] WE LOOKED, BUT SAW [ae
NOQUARDS. THAT |Em
, me | SHOULD HAVE BEEN fi

hae tad 4
ti a WARNING ENOUGH

OF IDIOT DO

OL
"

THINK

ANT


WHAT IS
THAT THING?

WWW me OF Your
\\ arm iKe FORCE ZeRO' Vin
AND B your
[ER DEATHS FASTAND
. PAINLESS! U4

WEANLING! oi
OU CANNOT
Rom ME! ALL


WE. ATTACKED
TRE MONSTER,

THERE WAS NO
PLANNING, NO INTENT, §
OTHER TRAN TO
DESTRoy IT.

IT WAS LIKE THE
SOUND OF A TREE
SPLITTING [IN TWO.


a"

1 KNEW] WAS
DEAD. THERE

WAS NO WAY |
COULD REACH
THE GON INTIME,

AND THEN OuT
OF THE CORNER

] OF MY EYE I SAW

HIM COMING,

we, were

HIS MOVEMENTS

WERE PRECISE, |

FLUID, AND

Paeearner

a


meg THE DEMON
WW Ba SWUNG AT HIM,

(BELIEVE THE BLOW
fou HAVE BROKEN
STONE WALL, BUT

THE MAN TWISTED AND Md

ROLLED AS HE FELL.

L WATCHED WHILE. THE
DEMON ATTACKED
AGAIN, WISHING My
HANDS WERE FASTER.

‘$6 o

SAVE HIM.

UPAND
TO AGRT
ADAMO AGAIN

BUT AT LAST | WAS
DONE. | TOOK AIM

THE MA)

Bopy s

THE |

iM

iN'

S ENTIRE
BOOK
PACT.

FROM


"3 TROUGH | Ue RAO AT
POINT-BLANK RANI HE
STILL REACHED Fog,

FOR THE.
STRANGER. {

ADAMO piED
IN AGONFIRE

OF ONNATURAL
ENERGIES.


ee

WORRIED THAT" THE 8 { LOOKED 6.

OF MY TEAM WAS STRANGER. WHO'D SAVED

ALREADY DEAD, MY LIFE. 1 WAS GOING TO
ASK FOR AIS HELP, AND | Su
THANK HIM FOR WHAT HE'D | * aay | gga
DONE. | NEVER EXPECTED

Sos m| IM TO BE STEALING
WHEN | FELT Cac FROM A DEAD MAN:

HGR FEVERISH

PF
WHAT se 1) 4
° DOESNT
PUT THAT NEED IT, BUT
BACK! ) po.
) HAVEN'T .
HAD A MEAL JN
JWO DAYS, OR .
A HOT BAH ewe,
se \ IN FINE. ETP

fe A

RE EN,
tupe 1 Get
OSPR Kee Kies

Fa
a
Es

| TRIED TO TAKE THE WALLET
AWAY FROM AIM. | BARELY SAW
HIM MOVE. THE NEXT SOUND |
HEARD WAS THE SOUND OF THE
AMBULANCE. ARRNING. WHEN |
WOKE up, My WALLET WAS LYING
ON My CHEST. ALL MY MONEY
RAD BEEN STOLEN.

(aaa aazs

IN THE SAME ]

, \ CIRCLES, FOR
MET HIM, BUT LAST TIME. % . ,

RE HELPED SOME OF OUR ° ‘ BENER OR §
AGENTS, HE. DID THE SAME
THING. ONLY ALL THREE Wo

TRIED TO STOP KIM WOUND

UP WITH CASTS ON BOTH
ARMS. NEXT TIME, LET
HIM HAVE THE. MONEY.

Soro [eee Le
J
=aae

poe

op
py
4
#
4


WOKLD OF
®

BY JIM MOORE

LZ
vvevvvtweveé.eqv7?vrev7,reVvy,iyvyea}];y WwTW¥we}_WYevwpesei*qvpeFYiWioYV a

CREDITS

Author: Jim Moore

Developer: Robert Hatch

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Conan H. Venus
Comic Book Art and Lettering: Leif Jones
Interior Art: Matthew Clark, Guy Davis, Darren
Frydendall, Fred Harper, Vince Locke, Matt Roach,
Steve Prescott, Melissa Uran

Front Cover Art: Duncan Fregredo

Back Cover Art: Matthew Clark

Front and Back Cover Design: Conan H.Venus

7
3 a al 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.

p SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF] USA
GAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be repro-
duced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascen-
sion are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West, Kindred of the East and World of Darkness
Demon Hunter X are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at:

http://www.white-wolf.com, alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

ALTO

Thus far, the response to Kindred of the East has
been gratifying, to say the least. In particular, people
really seem to love the new Disciplines. Ghost-flame,
popping off one's head, soul-flaying...the little things
that make unlife worth dying for. And so a few people
have asked us, "Hey, how much does it cost to buy new
Disciplines for our Kuei-jin, ‘cuz it costs ‘current level x
8 to advance, but I don't see any listing for buying a new
Discipline with experience points."

Weil, actually, buying new Disciplines for Kuei-jin
costs the standard 10 experience points, just as with
Kindred Disciplines. New Abilities likewise cost the
typical three experience points to purchase. A thousand
pardons for neglecting to mention that fact.

Also, while I've got your attention, a moment of
silence for Toshiro Mifune, one of Japan's greatest actors
and star of Rashomon, The Seven Samurai and other
amazing films. Thanks for a stellar career.

Author's Dedication: The author would like to
thank C.B. Cebulski of Central Park Media for his
invaluable assistance. Thanks! I owe you about a dozen
favors! Also, as always, thanks to my wife, Bonnie, for
putting up with my unusual hours.

vvvwvwiv Y
DEMON HUNTER X


WOKLD OF
®

CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH

CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION
CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING
APTENDIX

12
16
32
44
16
96



There have always been monsters. From the time when the
earliest humans crawled from their caves and looked upon the
lightning-split skies, or saw a mountain explode in volcanic fury,
fearing that surely their world was at an end, the monsters have
been there.

In the West, monsters are perceived as vile, wicked crea-
tures — for any creature that drains the blood of a human child
and feeds on its meat must be evil. In the Middle Kingdom,
though, the attitudes differ more than a little. Kuei-jin, gwei,
hengeyokai, daityas. ...By whatever name they call themselves,
the shen are everywhere. Although they are monsters, from the
Western perspective, they too have their roles to play in the
scheme of things. As surely as the sun generates heat and the air
moves when the wind is high, the shen exist. Even the most
advanced and materialistic minds in the East understand this —
and accept it.

This acceptance, though, doesn't come easily or uncondi-
tionally. True, most mortals live with the shen, accepting them
as a part of the natural order, but there are exceptions. For
centuries, the Shih have walked the Middle Kingdom, dealing
out justice against those shen whose malice and arrogance
overwhelm the Cycle's dictates. Using weapons, their hands or
the special abilities they've developed over lifetimes, these

solitary figures have earned their place among the supernatural
forces they fight. Indeed, the Shih have even garnered a modi-
cum of respect, as worthy opponents who actually serve a
purpose.

But the world continues to change, and Shih are often
archaic in their methods, unable to adapt as readily as the
creatures they hunt. Even the timeless Middle Kingdom
undergoes evolution, and those who cannot change are
doomed to fade away, to be replaced by others who can do
the job they can no longer manage. There's a new force on
the field of battle, one that doesn't follow the rules of
honorable combat; this player uses technology and num-
bers to balance out its lack of experience or proper training.
Strike Force Zero is an upstart, an uninvited guest who
keeps the shen reeling with one surprise maneuver after
another and seldom gives any warning that attack is
imminent.

These are the forces who rally against the shen: the
Shih, who often fight alone and seldom tolerate interfer-
ence in the proper order of things; and Strike Force Zero
— the Japanese government's technologically advanced
battle machines who don't care what the proper order is,
so long as everyone plays by their rules.

vv vvVvVv VV WY VY VWY4$W?'Yt$we*?$g="‘iéas'. vYYseyvyiyv

INTRODUCTION


WORLD OF DARKNESS: DEMON HUNTER 1

One enforces the natural order, one
tries to reshape the natural order. Dia-
metrically opposed forces fighting for the
same goal: the protection of the human
race from the shen — the Night People.

Neither cares for the other, though both
serve the same purpose. They are
the demon hunters, those who
i 1, defend the rest of us from a
Oo World of Darkness. They are
the unknown variable in the
/d schemes of the shen, the X in the

4 equation.
Together they could possibly per-
form miracles. Separately, they fight on
against a common foe, unable to stop the
evil that haunts their world, but satisfied with
destroying as many of their enemies as they can
before they fall. The demon hunters wage a
battle for humankind; one that requires more
of them than they like to admit. For some, the
cost of victory is nothing less than their own

humanity.

THEME

The theme of Demon Hunter X is sur-
vival. In a world where supernatural forces
constantly wage war and often use humans as
their pawns, few are willing to take the risks
involved to ensure that humans have a choice.
The wizards, the vampires, the werewolves and
even the ghosts of the dead all seek to rule the
world, and they all capriciously snuff out the
life of anything that gets in their way. Who will
stop them? Only the Shih and Strike Force Zero
are prepared for the task — but are they up to
the job?

MOOD

The mood of Demon Hunter X is one

of desperation, anger and growing horror.

For all the Shih's efforts, the shen keep
coming. No matter how many they man-

‘ed age to kill, there are others waiting to
take their place, others seeking re-

venge for the killing of those who went
before them. There is no end to the monsters,
but Shih are a slow-dying breed and they might
soon cease to be. Strike Force Zero exists to
eradicate the'shen, which in their eyes must be
eliminated, but its members are only beginning


tounderstand the sinister truth behind their
tasks. The Force seeks desperately to pro-
tect humanity from the predators, but these
predators can be frighteningly subtle and
hide behind the very people the Strike Force
seeks to defend. Some members of SFO aren't
even certain if their own families can be
trusted, and that is reason enough to be
afraid. To the Force, information is knowl- «
edge, and knowledge is power, and its
members have realized recently how little
they know. The very people for whom they
work, the people who give them their techno-
logical edge, are as mysterious and inscrutable
as the demons they battle. Some cynical veter-
ans of the Strike Force wonder exactly what
they are fighting for because the creatures they °
battle seem so much more enlightened as to
what is going on.

MORTAL CHARACTERS

There's a certain appeal to the idea of
playing a mortal in a world populated by
monsters. Most of us love to see the under-
dog win. For Storytellers and players alike,
the idea of fighting overwhelming odds
has merit. Demon Hunter X is designed
as a useful supplement for both Storytell-
ers and players and allows the addition of a
new, often unpredictable, element in a world
that is almost too well-mapped-out for some
people's tastes. As player or Storyteller char-
acters, the Shih and Strike Force Zero
offer a new challenge and a new riddle.
How much do they know? What are they
capable of? These demon hunters are
not the fanatical humans at the heart of
the Inquisition; they can be reasoned with
and even bought for the right price...or
can they? Shih warriors of the past are gone,
but their legacy lives on in some of the most
desperate, dangerous individuals stalking
through the Middle Kingdom. Strike Force
Zero never seems to run out of new tricks,
but its agents sometimes seem completely
ignorant of what is going on around them.
How is it that the agency manages to ac-
complish so much when the field agents
normally seem as surprised to see the shen as the
shen are to see them? They can't honestly be that
blindly lucky, can they? For that matter, where do they
get their weapons, which are substantially more power-
ful than those available to most humans?

INTRODUCTION

=

CA

A_A _A_A_A _A_s~A_A. A A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The Middle Kingdom's demon hunters play specific,
if sporadic, roles. The prime goal of most Shih normally
involves family honor or vengeance, a desire to pay back
the demon who set them down the path they now follow.
This is followed by a desperate struggle to keep themselves
from succumbing to the very evils they've battled for as
long as they can remember. Strike Force Zero agents
perform their tasks out of patriotism, duty and the desire
to tid the world of the half-substantial shadows that haunt
it. Both groups do all they can in a battle they fear is
already lost, but each seeks to win at almost any cost.

Both the Shih and the Strike Force agents know more
than most humans, but sometimes not enough to save
them from the creatures they seek to stop. The Shih have
legends and stories, passed on from teacher to pupil over
the generations, that grant the Shih considerable knowl-
edge of the shen, and some of this information is enough
to keep them from sleeping soundly. The Shih also know
one dreadful fact: They are almost certain to follow in the
path of the very creatures they fight if they can't control
themselves. Strike Force Zero operatives, by contrast,

WORLD OF DARKNESS: DEMON HUNTER X

stumble through the World of Darkness with heavy artil-
lery and a desire to do the right thing, but they have no
solid knowledge of what it is they fight against. What they
know is far less than what they think they know, and is
enough to guarantee their doom if they are caught with
their guard down.

Sometimes the truth is too frightening to face. Demon
hunters are, after all, mortals. Even if they survive the shen's
attacks, which is doubtful in their chosen professions, they will
grow old and die. The best they can hope for is to cause more
harm to their foes than those enemies can recover from. Demon
hunters' lives are mapped-out from the moment they choose to
hunt the shen, but the lives of their enemies are not so easily
understood. The myths of the past don't quite match up with the
realities of the present. Some of the creatures the demon hunters
seek to destroy walked with Genghis Khan and helped shape the
modern world. No secret is safe, no haven properly protected
from the evil of the shen. When the creatures of the night decide
it's time to start hunting you in return, there is no one left to
protect you from their wrath, and it takes only one false move to
send them gunning for yout very life.


A_A_A_A_A_sA_A_sA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

HOW 10 USE THIS BOOK

Demon Hunter X is a reference book. For players who
want to risk their characters' lives in a battle against the
supernatural, this book is a necessity. Whether playing
Shih or members of Strike Force Zero, the background
presented is necessary, along with the details of character
creation. However, the player is encouraged to remember
that the characters don't know squat about the World of
Darkness. Everything the players know is effectively use-
less.

For Storytellers, this sourcebook is highly recom-
mended. Read every page, then shape the information to
fit your world. This book presents no hidden temple where
the Shih train formally in the art of demon hunting, but
if you want one in your world, make the change. Strike
Force Zero doesn't have an array of gigantic robot battle suits
with which to crush their enemies, but if such things better suit
your needs, don't hesitate to throw them in. Storytellers are, as
always, encouraged to make what is presented here a spring-

board for their own plans and schemes. Most of all, this
book is a tool to make your chronicle more interesting.
Use what you want, disregard the rest.

This book contains several chapters:

¢ Chapter One: The Shih details the millennia-old
ways of the mendicant Shih hunters.

© Chapter Two: Strike Force Zero tells of this super-
secret, super-high-tech branch of the Japanese government
— how it picks its agents and how it uses them.

¢ Chapter Three: Character Creation discusses the
difference between demon hunters and normal mortals. It
gives rules for creating both Shih and Strike Force Zero
agents as well.

© Chapter Four: Storytelling discusses evoking the
unique ambience of a demon hunter chronicle, and it
provides some of the hidden "back story" behind the
hunters' (not-so?) illustrious traditions.

* Finally, the Appendix lists influential demon hunt-
ers, characters and weaponry.

vvovvrovvyvyvrovwvyvevrevvrvevvpe+vpevpéteévpytléyv

INTRODUCTION



can :

— CHAPTER ONE:

THE SHIH

They walk alone in darkness, combating the forces of
the Thousand Hells with nothing but the power of their
hands and their will. Over 3,000 years ago, Shih first stepped
forward to do battle with the shen. Though the proud houses
of the Shih are no more, their traditions live on and the
telling of their beginnings is one of their most revered tales.

By the later years of the Shang Dynasty, China had
reached the point where the first real kingdoms came into
focus. The emperor and the shamans were consolidating
their power rapidly. They and those loyal to them feared
little. They had supernatural help in their quests for power,
and they gladly offered human sacrifices in exchange for that
aid. While no great cities yet existed, small areas of civiliza-
tion steadily grew stronger and the people regularly offered
up bloody tribute to the spirits in the dark.

For the ruling class, all seemed well. Many of the priests
and shamans either worked for, or actually were, Kuei-jin.
Few dared oppose them, and those who tried often became
the next sacrifice demanded by the "gods." The Kuei-jin's
manipulations hid the secret of their existence, for they had
enemies even then: other shen who sought to see them
crushed.

A man of wealth and power was born into one of the
early noble houses. His name was Wan Kung Yi, and his was
the hand that eventually created the Shih armies.

Yi was born into prosperity and was expected, as were all
the males in his family, to learn the ways of war, despite
having the heart of a dreamer. Yi kept his own counsel in
Most respects, speaking only when he was asked, and then
hesitantly. What few people understood was that Yi wasn't
shy, he was busy absorbing every sight and sound and drink-
ing in knowledge of the world around him.

While Yi was a worthy warrior, his father felt he lacked
what was necessary to make him a great leader. So he sent his
son out to gather taxes from the people of the province and
report what he saw. Yi's father understood his son's ways
better than most, and he knew the boy would study every
detail that passed within his gaze. In this way, Yi was given
a worthy assignment, while his father learned more than he
could have from a dozen other observers.

What he didn't count on was just how much his son
would see. While Yi's father was a good man, he too was
influenced by the Kuei-jin. Failure to observe the order of the
hidden masters would have meant the destruction of the
family, and thathe could not allow. Prosperity was his so long
as he continued to do their bidding, and the boy's father
loved his family too much to see them hurt.

As time passed, Yi saw the shen working their subtle
magics. He saw the villages that lived in fear of werewolves;
he observed the places haunted by the dead. Yi witnessed the

CHATTER ONE: THE SHIH


bodies of those killed by the Kuei-jin when they
hungered and the haughty indifference of the
soldiers who worked for his father.
Yi reported these sights to his father and asked
permission to gather an army of soldiers to do battle.
His request was refused and, in the privacy of his
father's chambers, he learned the shameful secret of
his family and the nobles throughout the dynasty.
Unable to believe that his father not only knew of
these happenings but condoned them, the normally
quiet Yi raised his voice in anger and called his father
a coward. Yi's father could not permit the words to go
unpunished, despite his love for his son.
Yi was exiled from his home and granted only a
small wagon, his armor and weapons. Angry, humili-
ated and wounded by his father's deeds, Yi did what
many do in times of crisis: He sought guidance from
greater forces.
Yi wandered the land for five years and learned more
about the creatures who dwelt among the humans and
who fed on them as if they were mere cattle. He learned
to ride a horse, like the Chou barbarians to the west of
his home, and Yi lived among the barbarians rather
than face his own people. He battled with the shen on
a few occasions, but he managed only to wound them
before escaping with his life.
Then, Yi came upon a temple beset by shen.
The temple was not like many Yi had seen; his
eyes, which saw with hawk's sight, observed none of
the telltale signs he'd come to associate with de-
mons. The attacking shen — hideous spider-creatures
= sought to drink the blood of the people within the
temple and had nearly broken down the barriers the
sages had built. Yi was tired, weary of travel and
almost empty in spirit, but he decided to do what he
could to help the sages, as he believed that his time
to die had finally come — and he knew that he
could do some good before he fell.

Yi drew his sword and uttered a battle cry as he
tode his horse into battle against the shen. Yi
prepared himself for death, convinced that he

could atone for his family's sins in some small way
by sacrificing himself. And as he stormed toward
his enemies, the gods touched him. Time seemed
to flow differently for Yi, and what had seemed
an impossible task suddenly became much easier
than he'd ever dreamed possible. Still, the
battle was wretched and bloody. The shen
attacked him again and again and he returned
the favor with nearly inhuman ferocity. But
when it was done, the demons were dead and

Yi still barely lived.
Yi collapsed in exhaustion and would
have died if not for the sages. They cared for
him, mended his body and healed his spirit.

vvevevevvVvvyvyVvYY iY
20 WORLD OF DAEKNESS: DEMON HUNTER X

x
gy

They discussed their way of life with their savior, and he
told of his past in turn. In the course of their teachings, Yi
came to understand that what his father did was right: He
had saved his people from the demons by bargaining with
them. The shen were, as Yi soon learned, as much a part of
the natural order as the storms that sometimes destroyed
cities, or the droughts that dried the southern rivers and
left farmers with no rice for a season.

Having learned this truth, Yi contemplated the mat-
ter for a full year, during which time he also studied the
ways of the monks. He then approached the eldest and
wisest of the monks and asked a simple question: "If the
shen are as unstoppable as a storm, or the hot winds that
dry the Earth, how was I able to defeat them when they
attacked this temple?"

"How does the sun know when to set?" replied the old
man. "Some things just are. You are a man of virtue and
your cause was just. Perhaps this was the reason for your
survival. To every Yin there is a Yang, just as there is
spring to compensate for the autumn."

"I am only one man, and there are many shen." Yi
looked at the old man and waited for his sage advice.

The monk said, "Then you must find other men of
virtue to aid you if you seek to bring down the shen."

Yi smiled then, and his face felt strange, for he hadn't
smiled in many years. "Are you and your brethren not men
of virtue?" he asked.

The monk had no reply for the first time since they'd
met; he stayed silent for a long time, but Yi waited patiently,
for he understood that what he asked was not an easy
question. The old man finally assented, and the monks
beneath him followed his lead. Though many months of
training lay ahead, the Shih had made their decision.

The Shih grew in number and in power through the
course of the next decade. As they fought their enemies,
they contemplated what they had learned in each battle
and practiced how best to defend against similar attacks.
They discovered how to focus their own will as a weapon
and resist many of the demons' foul tricks through medi-.
tation and prayer. Though many fell in battle, the
survivors of the demon attacks replaced the fallen just
as quickly. Those who'd lost loved ones to the demons
asked if they could battle the monsters who had de-
stroyed their ambitions and families, and the best of -
these would-be avengers were accepted within the ranks
of the Shih. As the numbers within the Shih grew,
several other temples rose to accommodate them.

The newest members first learned the ways of the
monks by developing patience and discipline. Their bod-
ies were toughened through practice and used to build the
new temples, while their minds were sharpened with
riddles and their senses were trained to see past the
trickery of the shen.

vvvevrvrvrvrevrev+ys"~s'vy‘revrevrvvvypevpevpwypsééé}éeésé
CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH at

Inhis travels, Yi met a woman, Heng-O, who was related
to the water-spirits of the rivers. Together they spoke of
many things and, through her, he realized that not all of the
shen were evil. As he learned his lesson on how to tell the
benevolent shen from the malevolent destroyers, Yi asked
Heng-O's father for her hand in marriage. He consented.
Heng-O bore Yi three sons and two daughters, all of whom
followed in their father's footsteps and became Shih.

At this time, Heaven began to frown on Shang. The
leaders of the Chou, among whom Yi had dwelt, soon began
to see the wisdom of destroying the corrupting shen. Though
many Chou rulers were corrupt, many mote offered assis-
tance to the great warrior Yi and his powerful shamans.

In time, the Shih's unceasing study of their enemies bore
fruit because they learned the weaknesses of their foes. They
came to comprehend that silver hurt certain types of shen,
while various colors of jade often worked as defenses against
the demons that preyed on the humans. Shih taught their
findings to others within their ranks and even inscribed
warnings on bones and tortoise shells. They left these warn-
ings in areas where shen held obvious sway. Few could read
the crudely written notices, but Yi insisted on posting them
anyway.

The shen responded by seeking out the Shih and trying
to destroy them. What the shen were not prepared for was the
silence that met their queries. The nobles knew nothing of
these warriors, and the peasants who benefited from the
monks' actions were often too grateful to reveal what they
knew.

All that was known to the shen was that certain holy
men were involved in the hunts. The shen, using their
influence with the nobility, sent armies of warriors through-
out the land to slaughter shamans whose faith drew them
apart from the corrupt shamans of Shang. In many places
throughout the dynasty, the soldiers of Shang were little
more than bullies to begin with. Anyone without a weapon
was open prey to a soldier, doubly so now, because even those
with weapons were made targets by the law.

Many humans died in the bloody war with the shen, but
even this heinous slaughter was secondary to the Kuei-jin,
who had grown bloated in their power and their arrogance.

Oddly enough, Yi's greatest accomplishmentcame about
almost by accident. What started as a quest to free his father
from the clutches of the shen turned into a battle and then a
war that changed the face of China and withered the power
of the Kuei-jin for centuries to come.

Others in the Middle Kingdom grew dissatisfied with
Shang. In the lands where Yi lived, the Chou gathered their
own forces, thus preparing to overthrow their enemies of
Shang. When Yi remained calm, even in his actions to
destroy the shen, the Chou became angrier as they were
forced to follow laws created by a man most had never met.
Political pressures built up to the point where war was
inevitable. The heat of the Chou's passions were only made
greater by the spreading word that the shen held the emperor
as their servant.

vvvvvy Vv
WORLD OF DAEKNESS: DEMON HUNTER X

Yi never stopped thinking about his family and the
father he'd insulted and disgraced throughout this time of
growth and change for the Shih. Though years had passed
since Yi had left his family, he decided that the time had
come to return to his home in the heart of Shang. Yi, dressed
in simple clothes and carrying a staff and meager food
supplies, left the temple that he and his followers built, and
he began the long trip back to the province he'd been exiled
from. Yi took 50 members of the Shih with him; they served
as his entourage and his protectors. He always walked alone,
though he walked with many others, for to do otherwise
would bring attention to himself. Yi's disciples followed his
lead, walking in small groups or by themselves. From time to
time, they asked Yi questions and he always answered them.

Yi encountered many demons throughout the long jour-
ney. He sometimes heard them and saw them himself. But of
all the ones he met, Yi destroyed only seven. When asked
why he spared the others, Yi replied: "They are following
their nature and have not done too much harm. As long as
they do what they must to survive, I have no reason to punish
them, any more than ] have to punish a rain cloud. But when
the shen I encounter are gluttons, or seek to kill for the joy of
killing, I must stop them." Those demons that Yi left alone
were unmolested by his followers, though many were tempted
to test themselves in battle.

Still, despite Yi's leniency, the tales of his battles against
the demons grew to legendary levels. In distant parts of the
Middle Kingdom, a few others began hunting shen in Yi's
name, as they were taught by his disciples who had spread far
and wide across the lands. Several, like Yi himself, were
wizards. Yi never truly understood that he was a sorcerer, and
those who worked with him never suspected he was anything
other than a man touched by the heavens.

Yi observed the growing discontent of the Chou while
he traveled, and he realized that war was soon coming to the
land. He stopped at the houses of nobles and spoke with them
about their plans; he passed the word from one family to the
next and worked to consolidate the Chou. For what few knew
was that Yi planned to rid his family of the shen who forced
their rule over his father and kin. Despite his silence in these
matters, his discussions with the various Chou rulers and
with his growing army of followers made it clear to most that
Yi was preparing for a struggle of some sort.

The Kuei-jin of Shang noticed the changes taking place
among the Chou barbarians, and they decided the time for
action was near. What they failed to understand, however,
was that mortals alone orchestrated the actions taking place
in the southern regions. Though their spies couldn't desig-
nate who was responsible for the forces massing against them,
they felt it must be a threat led by the shen to the south.

Several factions of the shen —and there are many, as any
Shih can tell you — worried over this threat and finally set
a meeting in the mountains near Kun Lun. The Yama Kings
set aside their differences with the greatest leaders of the
Shang Kuei-jin, and together they worked to bring an end to
Yi and his followers. The Kuei-jin had a plan to place


themselves in the minds of all mortals as true gods, and the
Yama Kings were only too willing to help them in exchange
for peace between themselves and their long-time enemies.

While the Yama Kings and the Kuei-jin made their
bargains, Yi reached his home and found that nothing was as
it should have been. His father's palace was burned to the
ground. His father and his brothers were dead, and the
women of his family were gone. It took no time for Yi to
discover that his father had rebelled against the Kuei-jin and
that the shen had retaliated. Every male in his family had
been slaughtered, every female and child sacrificed.

The legends are vague as to exactly what Yi did when he
discovered the destruction of his people. But all agree that
madness gripped him. From the kamuii to the hengeyokai, no
shen was left in peace. Yi caught the attention of the one beast
that never feared anything as simple as a wizard or a mortal
— he gained the notice of a dragon.

The dragon, none other than the great Kung Kung,
who once knocked loose the Pillars of Heaven and
flooded the world, spoke for many hours with Yi, while
his followers cowered in fear. Yi then left with the
great dragon, as he was held in one massive paw and
lifted into the heavens.

—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The Cathayans and the demon lords spoke, even as
the mortal armies of the Chou gathered to make war on
the northern emperor. The Shang Kuei-jin offered a great
sacrifice to the Yama Kings, murdering thousands of vic-
tims in their honor. And with this offering, they were
granted the power to perform a powerful magic: In the
skies over the Middle Kingdom, the light of the sun
shattered and then grew mote brilliant than ever before.
Where one sun had been, 10 now filled the skies. The
brilliance was beyond imagining, and though all of China
saw the 10 suns burning in the heavens, only the lands of
the Chou suffered from their heat.

The Chou, enraged by the attack, rose up to attack
their neighbors. The slaves of Shang, seeing the 10 suns as
an omen, joined the Chou in this great rebellion. The shen
and mortals in Chou greatly suffered, often blistering and
dying from the tremendous heat. But neither group gave
way willingly —- even as mortal attacked mortal, shen at-
tacked shen. And through it all, the Yama Kings and the
Kuei-jin reveled in their power.

Three months after the war began, it ended with one
final assault. The Chou and the Shang fought in large
numbers never imagined before then, and the shen warred

CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH


violently alongside the humans. Riverbeds in Chou that had long since dried up ran red during this
time, and the wails of the Restless Dead were heard everywhere. The suns never set in Chou, and
the land was a nightmare of scorched rock.

At Anyang, the bestial Shang Emperor met his successor, Wu Wang, who led the Chou

in combat. Though the emperor fought well, Wang bested him, then left him to burn in the

flames of his own palace; his end was painful, and some claim he rose from his grave some
time later and even now wanders the Earth.

As the leaders of the Shang and the Chou fought, Kung Kung returned with Yi

tiding on his mighty back. They soared.through the skies, and wherever Kung

Kung flew, a great rain fell on the land. The warring soldiers beneath them

stopped their combat, for they were terrified by the sight of the great Celestial

Dragon, and everyone knew the stories of his might — how he had once

flooded the world and brought down the Pillars of Heaven with his rage.

Even the bravest soldiers grew fearful as the beast soared down and

cast thunder from his shadow and rain from his scales.

As he rode the dragon's back, Yi held a bow crafted of wood

from the Trees of Immortality. He fired nine arrows, each

fashioned from white jade. Yi called a curse for the

ee. vvwvweg,iyv
24 WORLD OF DAEKNESS: DEMON HUNTER X

A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

vvovvevyvvyvvy vyvvyvyvyvrvyvvyeséiwyestyretqwyséétwywwvy'_?yséiy'vy OY

Yama Kings and the Kuei-jin as he shot each arrow; every one flew straight and true, striking
one of the 10 suns in the heavens. As each sun was struck, it flared brightly and then
disappeared — and as each was struck, the Yama Kings and the Kuei-jin suffered a curse.

Every curse Yi cast had its effect on the target of his anger. But the cost for him
was high as well, for each curse cost Yia part of his spirit and his Chi. Yi and Kung
Kung landed when the ninth sun faded from the sky, leaving only the original
sun burning in the heavens.

As the storms Kung Kung created raged across the continent, Yi
climbed down from the great dragon's back and the beast flew
away; it has never been seen by mortal eyes again.

Many people came forward to aid Yi,
for all could see that he was pained by his
great sacrifice. Each arrow had stolen a
decade of his life, and he was now old
beyond imagining. His breath came in
gasps and the wrinkles in his face were as
deep as cuts. Even some of the surviving Shang
soldiers stepped forward to see if they could give
the man comfort, but he soon told them he was
beyond help. "I have destroyed the false suns of the Kuei-
jin, but I am tired now, and I will rest soon with my
ancestors. Before that happens, I would see the shen
driven from my homeland, for they have hidden here for
many years, and I cannot stand the thought that they
hide here any longer."

And with Yi's words, the war was renewed. Many
of the soldiers who'd fought against the Chou now drew
their weapons to fight alongside their enemies, con-
vinced that Yi, the Excellent Archer, was wise in his
commands. The sorcerer rested as best he could, answering
the questions of the Chou leaders and guiding them in their
battle against the shen. Though the combat was bloody and
many died on both sides, Yi remained among the living
throughout the time of war.

The war was won eventually, and the shen were driven
from the land. There was a great celebration in Yi's honor,
and many treasures were offered to him for his service to
Wu Wang, the new Emperor of China. Yi accepted
several of these treasures, which he then passed on to
his five children.

When the celebration was over, Yi spoke to
his followers one last time. "My time is here. I
leave the world now that know youwillcarry =<"
on my duties to protect the world from the
marauding spirits who neglect their heavenly
duties and prey on the people. Those who
would follow me should follow my children
and learn from them, for they shall always have
my guidance."

Many came forward and made
vows to follow Yi's children; these
vows were given with a sacrifi- ON
cial offering of blood, and when

all had made their promise,
the ground around Yi was red
WS

CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH

A_A A _A_A_A

=

Vv

\Y

x

a ®

and wet. He cast his last great magic and used the blood of
the Shih as a tool. Though he had caused the Kuei-jin to
suffer for their arrogance, Yi felt they needed one final
punishment. He used the last of his great energies by
placing a curse on all the Kuei-jin — a curse that assured
that they never utilized the heavens as their weapon
against humanity again. No longer could the Kuei-jin bear
the light of the sun. Smiling, Yi died shortly after the curse
was put upon his enemies.

The Shih were an army in their own right for 200
glorious years. They moved through the Middle Kingdom
and struck down the shen who dared break from the
heavens and strike against mortals. As they moved over
the land, some settled and built additional monasteries,
while others died in combat.

THE GATHERING DARKNESS

During the next 200 years, Shih grew in strength and
endurance, building fortresses and schools for the teach-
ing of their ways. Some Shih continued their humble
ways, but many of their number chose to follow a grander
path: Calling themselves the "Celestial Army," these
demon hunters sought to destroy the shen wherever they
dwelled, even when there was no need for them to act.
Many Shih denounced this Celestial Army, for they were
appalled by this breach of one of Yi's principal commands.
Yi had stated that only those shen who failed to fulfill their
heavenly duties should be struck down.

Though the Celestial Army became great, very few
true Shih remained when it reached its pinnacle. The
demon hunters left, and those who remained were mere
soldiers who felt they understood the art of demon hunting.
That these soldiers fought in greater numbers and sought to
kill all shen was evidence of their arrogance and weakness.

The Army gained in temporal power and recognition
during the early part of the Chou Dynasty. It made demands
of the Chou Emperor; it even requested a portion of the
imperial taxes. The wisest Shih continued to wander as they
always had, looking for the demons that broke from the
heavens and dealing out justice.

The Celestial Army's greatest school was built in the
Kun Lun Mountains. The edifice was a majestic fortress with
gilded walls and opulent furnishings. Many of the writings
captured from the fleeing Kuei-jin were kept within its walls,
but they were viewed more as trophies than as sources of
wisdom.

The true Shih, on the other hand, examined the Kuei-
jin's writings carefully, to the point where the most scholarly
learned the forbidden language of the Kuei-jin: kaja. Even a
newly risen vampire was a deadly threat, but since Yi had
destroyed most of them in his last epic battle, so the foolish
and arrogant believed, many of the Celestial Army ignored
the lessons they could have learned.

As the Army did its best to become an important part
of the Chou Dynasty's government, the Shih continued
the work they'd begun before the dynasty's rise: They
studied the ways of demons and practiced the best meth-
ods for fighting them. Because there were times when
weapons were hard to find or simply inappropriate, Shih
studied how best to fight unarmed, thus exercising their
bodies to toughen them for combat. Ironically, their best
source of learning came from the writings of the Kuei-jin,
which they had gathered together during the war against
Shang.

Some say the final separation of the Celestial Army
and the Shih was merely a matter of luck; Shih believe it
was divine intervention. Those who commanded the
Celestial Army decided they could no longer tolerate the
stony silence of the ones who refused their rightful name,
so they gave them a choice: Join with us fully, or leave.

The Shih who still tolerated the Army's arrogance
left and took their own teachings with them, but they left
behind most of the works of the Kuei-jin.

One month after the last of the Shih left the palace of
the Celestial Army, the mountains of Kun Lun were
leveled — destroyed in a monumental explosion that
eradicated all traces of their glory from the Earth. Though
no evidence exists as to what caused the devastation, most
Shih maintain it was the Kuei-jin and the Yama Kings
working together a second time.

The Shih survived, as they were not present for the great
destruction, but the works of the Cathayan philosophers and
historians were destroyed. The Army burned brightly and
faded quickly; no mortal history speaks of it. The Shih
walked forward and continued their quest for balance be-
tween the shen and the humans.

THE WANDERERS

Shih learned well from the Celestial Army's folly. They
never again settled in one area, and the few monasteries they
still controlled were abandoned as soon as word of the
tragedy spread. The eldest and wisest Shih taught their
disciples as best they could, and then they went their own
way and instructed their students to find worthy candidates
to replace them. Despite the fact that one of the first
disciplines any Shih masters is the ability to face the shen, it
seemed that many of the masters were ancient before their
time, and thus were afraid of facing the shen any longer.

From the time of the Army's fall to the present, little has
changed about the Shih's methods of operation. Political
tides mean nothing to Shih — so long as the policies are
being set by humans — for, ironically, the people the Shih
have sworn to protect are also the people in whom Shih have
the least interest.

vvovvyvvVwW7Tvev»evVTrivyy?y?VGWVY-_yeYyVYy_¥yeOgwyveY

WORLD OF DABKNESS: DEMON HUNTER 1

A_A_A_A

The Shih have diversified and spread
throughout the Middle Kingdom overthe ff ——— N
f , j 4 awe
centuries, and they've adapted the phi-
losophies they were taught to make sense
in the areas where they dwell. Some fol- 1
low Buddhist doctrines, others study \|

Shinto, and still others follow Islam, Hin-

duism, Confucianism, Taoism and
Christianity. But none of these beliefs is their
primary source of faith. All Shih understand that
what they practice on a personal level has little to
do with the truth they follow as demon hunters.

THE SHiH INTHE MODERN WORLD

Before Enlightenment

carrying water and chopping wood.

After Enlightenment

carrying water and chopping wood.

— Traditional Zen saying

Shih no longer organize themselves on
any large scale. While meetings do take place,
they are sporadic at best and almost always
accidental or coincidental. Shih believe that
when such encounters occur, it is because
Heaven has joined them to fight a foe too
strong for any of them to face alone. Perhaps
they are right. Certainly, when the Shih do
gather in numbers greater than two or three,
the local shen begin to worry.

Shih traditions are no longer taught in
monasteries or schools. They are taught by
one teacher to one or two disciples. Most
Shih remember their own teachings very
clearly, as they were shoved into their heads
over the course of 15 or more years. For that
reason, there has been little evolution of the
philosophies taught by Yiso many centuries
ago. Few among the Shih even consider break-
ing from the ways in which they themselves
were instructed.

A few families do remain as units of Shih
hunters, but they are very rare. Most trace their roots
back to Yi himself, though whether or not their genealo-
gies are accurate is a source of great potential debate.

Of late, a new trend has started among the younger
Shih. Small groups of demon hunters have casually
begun to band together — for mutual assistance, or
possibly for companionship. Older, more experienced
Shih frown on this behavior; nonetheless, these gath-
erings of Shih are becoming more commonplace in
the large cities where the Kuei-jin are strongest.

vvvovvyvrvyvyvevyvvyve vy vy vy vy WY WY iY WW YW
CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH

Se

A_A_A _A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

ON BECOMING A SHIH DEMON
HUNTER

How extreme is the poison of vengeance among men!

— Sun Tzu, The Art of War

Just how far are you willing to go for revenge? To become
a Shih, the answer has to be "to the five directions and
beyond." The would-be disciple must give up everything.
Only a very small handful, even those who think they're
willing to sacrifice everything for revenge, manage to make
the grade.

The Shih don't work nine-to-five jobs. They aren't
given paychecks for what they do, and many resort to theft
to make a living. More often than not, the money they steal
comes from the victims of the shen, or from the monsters
themselves should they be carrying wallets. The Shih don't
deal with people well because most of the human race hasn't
the vaguest clue what they've been through, or what they're
still going through. When it comes to manners, most Shih
haven't the time or the patience to learn them, or to use
them.

Shih primarily choose their disciples from surviving
victims of the shen. Those who've been attacked by shen and
lived through the experience are rare, but those who have
lost loved ones to the shen are not quite so unusual a
phenomenon.

Vampires, werecreatures, and other demons take a toll
on human life, just as humans deplete the ocean's population
when they're looking for seafood. In many cases, the crea-
tures of the night fail — or refuse — to think about the
ramifications of their actions on their victim's families.
"They'll mourn, and they'll get on with their lives" seems to
be the general outlook. For some people, though, it just isn't
that easy. Some take their loved ones' deaths intensely
personal, and some vow revenge. That's where the Shih
come onto the scene.

Shih don't seek recruits actively; they merely offer to aid
in vengeance when they hear of such vows. Despite the
modernization of some parts of the Middle Kingdom, a vow
of revenge is very serious business, especially a vow made on
the graves of dead family.

Noone who joins the Shih is permitted to keep his or her
delusions for long. The Shih explain what's involved in
demon hunting, and the possible price, to every would-be
applicant. Most importantly, they explain that the training
is long and painful. If the person is still interested, the
training begins almost immediately.

Some Shih, though, aren't really given an option. Chil-
dren orphaned by the shen are the Celestial Army's most
common recruits. Those with family are taken to them and
handed over, but children with no aunts, uncles or grandpar-
ents to take them in usually end up starting their education
as demon hunters when the worst of their grieving is done.

WORLD OF DAEKNESS: DEMON HUNTER 1

TRAINING

That which is hard to do, can it be lightly spoken?

— Confucius, Analects

Shih methods of training have changed very little over
the centuries. The mind of a Shih must be properly molded
in order to resist the temptations and terrors of the shen and,
therefore, it is the first area where training begins.

Cruelty and honesty are the tools of the trade. Shih
masters ate renowned for their wisdom regarding demon
hunting and are almost as well-known for their ability to
scold foolish disciples. The first lesson of every Shih is how
to withstand the mind-tricks of the shen. After all, some
demons cause an unspeakable panic the moment they are
seen. Shih teach their disciples to withstand this panic by
hardening their resolve. Meditation, exercise and constant
reminders that the creatures they face are still killable are the
main components in breaking that natural fear — even
though the task is harder to accomplish than most mortals
could ever imagine.

The other important method is exposure to the source of
that fear. The Shih take their apprentices with them when
they hunt demons, though they make certain the student is
either a safe distance away or well-armed. The purpose of
bringing their students with them is twofold: First is the
chance for the student to acquaint himself with the types of
shen he will encounter. The second reason is to see if the
student is capable of placing self-control over the need for
vengeance. It's common for the apprentice demon hunter to
attack the first shen seen after a loved one's death, and Shih
don't take that irrational hatred for granted. If necessary, the
teacher stops the student from being suicidally foolish.

The next step in the mental training of the Shih is
learning how to focus their anger and resentment into a
weapon against their enemies. Shih understand that the shen
use the life-force, or Chi, of their victims as a source of power
in many cases. That isn't an option for the Shih. Instead, they
learn how to use their own Chi in the fight against the shen
and how to protect their life-force from the demons' greedy
clutches.

Using meditation as a means to focus the will and the
body has long been a practice for the Shih, who know how to
control breathing and force the body's metabolism to re-
spond to unusual circumstances. Buried alive for 48 hours
without air? The Shih have done that and more. That ability
to focus Chi permits them to fight with almost superhuman
strength and speed, and also to defend themselves from shen
abilities that should normally kill them with ease. That
doesn't mean Shih are invincible — far from it. But it does
mean that they can ignore the traumatic effects of the shen's
attacks better than almost anyone. Shih can continue fight-
ing when they should be unconscious or incapable of
movement. And sometimes, if the situation is right, they can
return the favor to their enemies.

v vvyviev

A_A_A_A_A_A~_A_A_A_A_A

BELIEF AND TRUEFA

The philosophies of Shih resemble True Faith, but
they differ slightly. The Shih apprentice is indoctrinated
into the world of the supernatural for £5 to 20 years and
trained to fight against shen who overstep their bounds.
During this time, they sce proof of their beliefs and
contemplate the implications during meditation every
day. For Shih, their beliefs are as solid and necessary as the
[to breathe air or consume food and wai it's as
much a part of their existence as their fight inst
demons.

This strength of purpose allows the Shih to access
their Chi in ways beyond mere control over their bodies.
They can see the shen for what they are, no matter how
clever the disguise or enchantment. Shih can wield their
willas a tangible weapon, even imbue it into "enchanted"
objects. Many Shih create prayers on paper, then store
them for later deployment against their supernatural
opponents.
to the Shih's beliefs. As Shih

grow older, they realize that they could become exactly

is a dark si
what they fightagainst. The balance they seck to create in
the world takes its toll on them, if not in this life then in
the existence that waits beyond. The demon hunters come
to understand that by following their beliefs and practic-
ing the art of demon hunting, they condemn themselves
toa very special form of Hell. Indeed, a surprising number
of Kuei-jin and the wraiths of the East belong to the long

line of souls who once fought demons.

PHTSICAL PREPARATION

The physical trials of the Shih are at least as brutal as
the training they endure mentally. Learning the art of war
isn't a matter of avoiding a fight for the Shih, it's about
surviving the fights they know are coming their way.
Disciples are toughened and tempered like sword-grade
steel from the very beginning of their training. Daily
regimens include running for miles at a time, climbing
sheer surfaces and hardening their bodies to withstand
brutal combat. An average Shih's body is a barrage of
scars, calluses and keloid tissue. The training itself causes
some of these disfigurements.

When training for battle, Shih follow the tried-and-
true methods of the Shaolin priests of old. Rather than
striking at the air with their kicks and punches, they hit
trees and rock walls, breaking their skin open repeatedly
until it eventually thickens and toughens. When practic-
ing with weapons, they use hard wooden tools and rough
edges for the same reason. The masters understand the
necessity of their students' suffering, for the shen are sure
to do much worse once given the opportunity.

Many prospective disciples can't endure the Shih's
brutal methods. Those who cannot are of no use, and of little
interest, to the Shih. Weakness now means a horrible death
later. In the cases of those who can't keep up with the strict
training, their instructors sometimes feel obligated to hunt
down and destroy the demons responsible for the deaths of
those students' loved ones. In this way, the vows that stu-
dents made are kept, and the Shih no longer feels any
obligation to aid the erstwhile disciples.

MAN PREY

Having stated that the Shih don't hunt mortals, that now has to he clarified. The Shih hunt demons. For the most part,

they prefer the supernatural var

y, though they aren't above intertering when human predators have gone too far. Rapists,

murderers, serial killers and narcotics traffickers have all had the misfortune of cunning across the Shih, who believe in

always keeping themselves prepared for battle

and sometimes, humans are the best choice for opponents.

Shih seldom seek out human monsters deliberately, but they do frequently stumble across them. Demon hunters look
for cases of extraordinary violence, often believing the crimes committed were actually performed by the shen. They ve come

to discover that the humans around them are sometime:

just as corruptas the demons. Merely being human doesn't fet a

monster off the hook in the eves of the Shih. While it's rue that many Shih have emploved vices such as opium or fiquor
to numb their minds as the years went by, they still can't tolerate seeing others suffer for nothing.

Just as with the shen, the humans are feft alone if they don't go too far. A lithe dope sold to the foolish is one trifle,

but hookir
few bones to emphasize his point.

Prostitution isn't so bad — in fact, a few Shih have been known to indul

thildren on heroin is another thing. A Shih would certainly inter

cand he wotddn't hesitate to shatter a

when they've run across a lithe: extra money

and feel the need to relax. But selling children isa no-no. Most Shih have a special fondness for protecting children because

their own childhoods were cut off so abruptly.

Large-scale drag operations are a favorite target, too. After all, a dozen or more thays are often a good day's exercise

for the Shih and, frankly, drug dealers normally have money. Demon hunting, as has already been stated, pays \

V poorly.

vvvvyvvyrovryvrivrovreovrevrevvevvpegewyeiywééy

CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH


Of course, many Shih disciples are children, for whom the option of
merely quitting is never given. The young wards of the Shih grow up
with the realities of the supernatural world constantly thrust into
their faces. Some masters consider it dangerous to take a child as
a student because the lessons taught are brutal and harsh, often
risking a warped psyche in the forging of the new Shih warrior.
The age of the student makes almost no difference in the
training involved. Though a child can't be expected to
match up physically with an adult, the intensity of the
training remains the same throughout. The exact methods
are used in training a 10-year-old and a young adult.
Therefore, youngsters trained in the Shih combat arts are
just as dangerous as their adult counterparts, and they are
actually better equipped to handle the worst situations.
Their minds haven't begun trying to reject the idea of
supernatural entities. Belief comes easier for the chil-
dren, and with that belief comes power. Additionally,
younger Shih's bodies are better equipped to adapt to the
rigors of extreme training — more capable of remaining
limber and of growing both fast and strong.
The problems lie in the emotional area. Chil-
dren trained as Shih warriors go through their
formative years with a harsh master and an im-
mersion in the supernatural. Sometimes the
youths take on a zealousness that borders on
psychosis. After all, why stop at the shen? A
human predator is just as deadly if left alone,
and he should be stopped. For those who are
trained to continue fighting after being
mauled by a werewolf, policemen's bullets
hold little intimidation. Accordingly, Shih
teachings emphasize caution when instruct-
ing the young. Shih make certain students
understand that judging mortals is not their
main responsibility. On the few occasions
when students fail to learn these lessons, Shih
handle the matter themselves by hiding the
bodies where they aren't likely to be found.

Vv Vv
WORLD OF DAEKNESS: DEMON HUNTER X


-A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

THE DANGERS OF HUNTING DEMONS

Dealing with the supernatural has its risks, and Shih
know this better than most. Aside from the physical perils —
crippling blows that can leave a Shih warrior pulped beyond
her ability to heal herself and, of course, death — demon
hunting offers very real mental and emotional dangers.

Most Shih begin their careers with visions of crushing
the foul shen and wiping them from the Middle Kingdom.
They are inevitably disappointed. There are just too many
creatures for any one warrior to destroy, no matter how
driven, which scars the psyche of the Shih. Despite the
training Shih endure to protect themselves from the De-
lirium, the Shroud, the Mists and other shen "mind-tricks,"
the long-term effects of constant exposure to the demons
takes its toll eventually. Being trained to see the
world as it really is has a price, and for
many Shih, that price is a certain
amount of their own humanity.

Despite the legend of the Ex-
cellent Archer, Yi, the Shih are
seldom as honorable as their
founder. Bitterness, even ha-
tred, often mars them. They
sacrifice a great deal of
their human lives to fight
demons. They receive
nothing in return.
There are no physical
rewards for their ef-
forts, save the moneys
they take from dead vic- *®
tims, and their constant
encounters age them well be-
fore their time. It's not uncommon
for a Shih in his late 20s to look twice his
age. Physically, he might still accom-
plish phenomenal tasks, but he is
likely to see himself deteriorate
in leaps and bounds,

CHAPTER ONE: THE SHIH



The time of the shen is no more. We must destroy them, or they will surely destroy us.
—~ Geichin Okamoto, founder of Strike Force Zero

The Shih have been around for millennia. They've
battled demons for nearly as long as recorded history. The
battle is one they've been steadily losing for almost as long.
Now they have help — though most don't want the assis-
tance they're getting.

Strike Force Zero is a top-secret agency known only to
the highest echelons of the Japanese government. Its agents
— renegades deemed too uncontrollable (or brilliant) for
conventional service — protect Nippon and surrounding
areas from "paranormal" threats. The agency is the creation
of one man: Geichin Okamoto. But just as Yi was not a
normal man, Okamoto has a few secrets of his own. Okamoto
didn't even exist before World War II. In times long past, he
answered to a different name, and the traditions of his family
belonged to a very different calling.

The Shih and Strike Force Zero have little in common,
save for the fact that they hunt demons. The two groups'
difference in beliefs about the shen is easy enough to under-
stand: The Shih have been around for thousands of years, and
their founder believed that even the demons had a natural
place in the order of the world. Geichin Okamoto, by
contrast, has personally met with demons only twice in his
life. He was supposed to be the main course at their dinner in
one case and, in the other, Okamoto saw a man incinerated

in seconds. (That he was there to kill the same man is
irrelevant in his eyes.) More importantly, the second
demon that Geichin met told him about the blast that
would destroy Nagasaki, and this is the thought that
bothers him the most. These creatures can see the future,
some of them at least, and that sort of power can't be left
waiting around, especially in the hands of monsters. They
must be destroyed before they can manipulate the future
and put an end to mankind.

There's no chance of changing Okamoto's outlook on
these matters: The demons are a travesty. They should
never have existed in the first place, and there is no time
like the present to see the matter handled.

The man now called "Geichin Okamoto" was the tradi-
tionalist in his family, and he was one of the best in along line
of ninja. While his family no longer existed — officially,
anyway — they still worked for the emperor as spies and, if
needed, as assassins. As with several of the ninja families,
Okamoto's clan chose to maintain the traditions of feudal
times, adapting only in how they worked for certain political
factions. Okamoto received training as a youth in assassina-
tion and in the ways of hunting humans. Ever loyal to the
cause, Okamoto never questioned the assignments he was
given — such was his duty.

v,vvvyvwvvyvvVvY VY vw +w#wpséie=e#sWVYVYiW,ywsipei'VtS2Yv

CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO


WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

Okamoto lived in a small community in rural Japan
during the early years of his training. Asa part of this training,
when he was only 12, the boy was taken away from the ninja
compound and left in the mountain forests to fend for
himself. Survival training was an important part of ninjitsu,
as there was never any way of knowing how long a ninja
might be required to live off the land when stalking a target.
When Okamoto made his way back to the clan almost two
months later, he was close to starvation and traumatized. He
never told anyone what had happened to him during those
two months, but his survival had obviously been a close call.

Okamoto had learned more of the world than anyone
expected. The boy had been taken from the woods and held
for some time by a flock of Tengu, who'd planned on having
him as the main course for a celebratory feast. Only through
his wits and training did Okamoto escape from the vile
creatures and make his way back home. While he seldom
spoke of the events, they marked him forever.

Most modern Japanese would have scoffed at Okamoto's
"tale," but not the leaders of his clan (and, though Okamoto
never told them of his experiences, they made some shrewd
guesses). They knew the truth of the Tengu and of many
stranger things as well. The ninja saw many sights and, as was
their way, kept silent about them. But Okamoto's clan also
worked closely with the Emperor of Japan, as they had for
many generations, so they were aware of the silent battle
being waged toward the end of World War II. The shen were
at war with their own kind, battling the demons of China. A
few high-ranking government ministers who were suspicious
of various inexplicable activities along the front used
Okamoto's loyal ninja clan to keep an eye on progress — to
do what they could for the benefit of the empire. During this

time, Okamoto saw a lot of strange things, and
.. he always remembered the bird-monsters

who once sought to sup on his flesh.
Near the end of World War II,
Okamoto was assigned the duty of destroy-
ing a turncoat in Nagasaki. The traitor,
Usaka Masahito, had sent information
to the Americans that allegedly put
the entire country at risk. He was
staying in a prominent hotel, and
his reward from the emperor was

death.

" Geichin Okamoto
waited patiently in this
man's room, silent as a
shadow and _ barely
breathing. Masahito
_ was to know the reason
* for his death, for his as-
sassin was to share that
information with him.


Apparently, though, others also had a similar desire to see Masahito dead. After
several hours of waiting, Okamoto's patience was rewarded by the man
returning to his room to rest. A woman of exquisite beauty, who was
dressed in the traditional clothes of a concubine, was with him.
Okamoto, the assassin, waited diligently as the two un-
dressed and gained knowledge about one another's
bodies. When they were finished, the woman began
asking Masahito questions; she subtly probed
him until he bragged about how he had be-
trayed Nippon. Masahito spoke of the wealth
he would receive and the position of power he
would have when the Allies ruled over Japan.
The woman listened raptly.

Okamoto was ready to make his move against
the betrayer, to kill him and let the woman watch,
when the enchanting creature's voice spoke in his mind.
"Not yet," she whispered in his head. "I'm not finished playing
with him. Move too soon, little assassin, and I will make you suffer."
Try as he might, Okamoto's body did not allow him to'complete his
task. He was frozen in place, like a fly in amber.

Unable to do anything but observe, the ninja watched as the
woman revealed herself to her target.

Her body remained the same, tantalizing and seduc-
tive, but her face changed. Colors flowed across her skin;
streaks of red and white painted themselves on her flesh
until she resembled a Kabuki performer; her long black
tresses flowed and shifted in the still air until their color had
faded to a pale yellow. Her eyes were the eeriest feature of
all, as they burned with actual flames. Okamoto was terri-
fied. Never had he seen such a strange transformation. He
knew immediately that he was in the presence of a hsien —
one of the spirit-people.

Paralyzed, Okamoto watched as the strange creature
incinerated Masahito. The man screamed throughout,
but the sound was oddly muffled. Unable to look away,
Okamoto noted and memorized every detail of the ex-
ecution. He studied the hsien, marking the power of her
presence in his memory.

All that remained of Usaka Masahito when the burn-
ing had ended was a pile of ashes on a bed that remained
untouched by the flames. The Asien, finished with her work,
turned to Okamoto. She moved slowly and approached him
as she would a trapped animal. When the Asten stopped, she
stared at him for long moments before stroking his sweat-
soaked skin with her soft, warm hand. Then she smiled.
"He deserved to die. He betrayed our country and our
people." When she spoke again, Okamoto actu-
ally heard her speak aloud. "I wish you no
harm, little assassin. I will leave now, and if
you are wise you will do the same. The
true fires come here soon, and they
will not be stopped by the likes of
me, or you."

/

"TT
CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO 35

A_A_A_A_A

The creature moved away from him then, her body
glowing with the light of a small sun. She drifted from the
window of the hotel room as a ball of luminescence and
soared toward the heavens faster than any wind could carry
her.

When she left, Okamoto could move again. He quickly
gathered the victim's ashes and fled into the night. Two days
later, Okamoto was back in Tokyo, where he reported to his
jonin all that he had seen. Nagasaki and Hiroshima were
incinerated days later in a nuclear fury.

The defeat of Japan was a formidable blow to its
citizens, as 150,000 people had died in a matter of seconds,

Why? Because Okamoto needs DTI's money to finance
the main impetus for his ninja family's dissolution. The
crowning achievement of almost 50 years of effort has finally
begun to come to fruition in the top-secret organization that
Okamoto and his family have built — Strike Force Zero.

Okamoto's family never gave up their original work, but
they changed the path it took, which required time and
energy in addition to amazing amounts of money. The
"official" ninja family is no more, and in its place are some of
the most highly regarded businesspeople and politicians in
Japan. Many of the original family members are dead, but
their children, who were taught and raised to replace them

and the slow deaths of so many more over the ni i ae time came, are very much alive and influential in

were equally horrifying. The screams of
in the souls of the Middle Kingdom's |}
Okamoto was among them. The
to him, perhaps; or his own
mined as it had always bee
either case, from that day
a world that was beyond,
darker aspects of realit
any of it.
The end of Worf
Japan. For Okamoto gl
of his family and th
jonin of his clan deciffd
ninja family. Whil@d
accepted this as a si
Okamoto one of thay
decision. Though it
remaining family me

dent of his own company, Dynal
International, a company destined to create sorhs
amazing technological breakthroughs of the 20th century

DTI specializes in new ways of battling disease and
crippling ailments, often redefining the use of technology
and medicine in the process. Many of the cloned enzymes
used in modern medicine were started or perfected by
DTI. As well, still on the DTI drawing board are several
replacement limbs that will allow para- and quadriplegics
to use their arms and walk again.

All of this is common knowledge, easily attained by
reading DTI's press releases. What remains far more secret
are DTI's more radical technological breakthroughs. Cy-
bernetic implants, wetware, and full-scale cloning have
all become a part of the research and development wing at
DTI. Okamoto's company redefines "cutting edge" on an
almost daily basis.

FS tteeaaepe cee

pan. The tactics have changed, but the power

rumor and little more.

san the Japanese govern-
pf officials believe that
with the increasing
trade. There is some
putinely force agents
ainderworld, and the
fenese government is

dp 50 active agents with
lowed, through secret
agand Russia. And they
him alone. If not for
influential businesspeople
ike Force would already

ese government believes. The

ero does indeed have license to kill in
& and Russia. The agents also have special
dispensation in India, Taiwan, North and South Korea,
and Vietnam. This isn't ordinarily the case, but the origi-
nal ninja clan now headed by Okamoto is very good at
keeping dark secrets, and it is even better at finding the
skeletons in the closets of important people.

SFO does chase after the worst aspects of human filth,
hunting child pornographers, serial killers, rapists, drug trad-
ers and slavers. They do so with a gusto that puts the FBI to
shame. And they handle terrorists with a savage efficiency.
Why? Because the very scum who deal in these trades are all
too often working for the shen. Okamoto knows the truth
about the demons, at least some of it, and he understands that
monsters tend to hide themselves behind mortals. The mor-
tals they hide behind, not surprisingly, are those whose stock
in trade require the ability to commit evil acts.

i vvevvvvevrvyyesét+qypsé,V: OVW VW i sY
36 WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

As _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

So Strike Force Zero deals harshly with the human ele-
ment of violent and dangerous crime. The agency also does
its best to uncover the supernatural elements behind those
crimes. If, in the process, they can make the world a better
place, that's just a bonus in Geichin Okamoto's perspective.

The Force is only nine years old. In the time since its
inception, the roster of active agents has gone through
numerous fluctuations, primarily as a result of those killed in
action; the agency has historically lost a high percentage of
operatives per year. One of SFO's first mistakes involved where
they got their agents. Most of the first-run ones were military
specialists and police officers who had a tendency to be
antisocially aggressive — the more aggressive the better, in the
eyes of the Strike Force. What Okamoto hadn't counted on was
these agents' lack of imagination and emotional resiliency.
Those best suited for combat often weren't prepared to deal
with the existence of monsters.

Presently, Strike Force Zero recruits many of its
agents from entirely different stock. New ones come
from the unemployment line or from the colleges
and schools of higher learning. Many agents are the
very people least likely to fit into normal society —~
some are violent and uncivilized, others so quiet that they
seem to fade into the background. Most are more adept at
video games than at speaking to the opposite sex. In
short, they are "goobs" — dreamers and outcasts who
spend more time surfing the Internet or playing roleplaying
games than trying to fit in.

These people are chosen because their minds are
more open to the possibilities of the paranormal. As re-
cruits, they are more resistant to the horror induced by the
supernatural. While the Strike Force still recruits from the
military and the police forces, newer agents are chosen for their
mental flexibility rather than their martial prowess.

SFO also recruits agents from even shadier backgrounds.
Some of the agency's best come from the dirtier aspects of modern
life in Japan. There are six members of the Strike Force
currently who once belonged to the Yakuza. Their "re-
cruitment spiel" was intelligible enough: "Join the Strike
Force or do the time for every crime we can pin on you.
Oh, and did we mention that your sterling reputation in
the organization is being smeared even as we speak? Word
has it that you're giving us every bit of dirt you can on your
colleagues, trying very hard to plea-bargain your case. I
doubt you'd be very welcome with your friends right about
now." Once the criminals agree to join, they find themselves
enjoying the anonymity offered by the Force.

Additionally, SFO has several parapsychologists within the
ranks: specialists in supernatural legend and lore, ghost hunt-
ers, even — with serious trepidation — the occasional
medium. They're all welcome, so long as they don't mind
having to die first...

vvvrevyvvyvvyrvyvywyvyvqwiyvyesé+ye=és;+'j‘rvviwy

CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO

A_A A _A A _A_A_A_A_A_A

You see, to join the Strike Force, a new agent must be

declared legally dead. The agency fakes its recruit's

death, stages a funeral and creates a new identity.

No one — not friends, not family, not loved

ones — is privy to this deception. Agents are

% mourned by their families, and life goes on for

¥) loved ones and agents alike. Each agent un-

dergoes a radical transformation, from the

shape of the face to the color and texture of

skin. Many of the best minds recruited by SFO

suffer from physical frailties: Those whose bodies

betrayed them now walk on two legs instead of wheeling

themselves down the corridors in their wheelchairs. Those

who stared at the world through coke-bottle lenses now have

perfect vision. The physically frail now move with the grace

and power of an athlete in the prime of their competitive lives,

In exchange for a new life and a new body, they have only to

give their loyalty to Strike Force Zero and say good-bye to
everything that made them what they were.

The choice is theirs tomake, but there is no turning back once
the deed is done. Strike Force is comprised of agents who have no
pasts beyond that which is printed on paper and listed in the
government's computers. Fingerprints, retinal scans, dental records
and educational historiesare falsified and planted. No one who

joins SFO ever comes out of the procedure alive.

Each potential agent has this process explained in
detail and is given one hour in isolation to decide whether
or not joining the program is the right decision for him.
Those who say "yes" become agents. Those who refuse
have their memories of the encounter erased by chemi-

cals and reprogramming. It's easier than most people want to
believe, and Okamoto's agency is capable of working miracles
along those lines.
The reasons are simple enough: People with families can be
blackmailed. Just as surely as SFO is a covert organization, the
targets of the agency are capable of heinous crimes against
anyone who crosses their path. More importantly, the Force
doesn't mind using the families of their enemies to make
their points known. With no past to connect them to, the
shen can't use that particular weak link to slip beneath
agents' armor. A difficult feat, yes, but the safety of their
families is too important for the agents to jeopardize.

Naturally, there are compensations. While Strike Force

Zeto is officially a government agency, salaries are paid by

DTI—and agents are paid handsomely. Furthermore, each

new recruit is supplied with an apartment that is lavish by

any standards and almost preposterous in Tokyo, where their
base of operations is located.

On the downside, the agents get very little opportunity
to spend their salaries or enjoy their living quarters: There is
too much to do. A great deal of their time is spent in training
and in learning how to use the weapons and tools they're issued.
Additionally, many of the tools that the agents use require that
special equipment be grafted to their systems — cybernetic
implants and wetware patches that ensure security for the
weapons given to the agents.

"Vv vvvvyvwyé+vyvrvpevevypeweseésv_vypevypewypeyWVY}Yiwv
36 WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER 1

LIFESTYLE OF THE SECRET AGENT

Agents don't have it easy, even in their desk jobs. Each
Strike Force team is five strong, and each member is chosen
carefully to ensure that all members of a team-to-be comple-
ment each other. Extensive batteries of personality and
aptitude tests are only the first step in grouping together a
new team. Also, members are tested for how well they think
in crisis situations. After several mock field tests, the DTI
specialists then choose who is the commander and who is the
second-in-command. The least likely candidates sometimes
end up in charge because the tests reveal they are the most
stable and capable. Each member of the Strike Tearp jg

ates
‘ioe.

these rankings are offici;
military rankings only

puter hacker (cyber-rq
astealth expert (thie:
and a research expe
are used in the simple
of each field expert. Thl
and eliminate the "bad §

Much of the field units' rar NG
monsters back to their lairs. Once a loc
isolated, every item is labeled, numbered, and
a retrieval team. At the agents' discretion, they may
found items if they believe these items to be useful in
immediate investigations. Field operatives are surprisingly
high in the ranks of Strike Force Zero; this method of work
is remarkably similar to what forensic specialists do, and most
agents have at least a rudimentary skill in the forensic arts.

The members of a field unit are well-trained in their
specialties. Most could find very high-paying jobs in the
civilian world, but they prefer the work they do at SFO. The
Force is a unique opportunity, and many team members have
personal reasons for hunting down monsters.

Each team is assembled under the notion that it should
be able to solve almost any case dropped on its members'
desks. To this end, Strike Force teams receive substantial
resources; coupled with the training they receive, little is
beyond their ability when it comes to investigation. Entire
divisions of researchers are available to analyze whatever

nae peasaneenes week

new and interesting items a team might find, though it might
takea while to get an answer back to the field agents. Further,
Okamoto spent years and millions of yen assembling a very
large library of rare documents and historical lore. Aside
from the problem of translating some of the older texts and
finding the actual references that the agents think might be
in Okamoto's massive library of information, there's little to
stand in their way.

Hunting down monsters is the easy part. Finding out
where the monsters are so that the hunting can begin is more
difficult. One of the tasks that offers the most danger, and
which the agents must perform constantly, is the infiltration

only those demons
with equal impunity.

‘he Strike Force, but
sh for. Unless there's

Hiving, breathing entities
ers who've spent centu-
B on the flesh of the world.

targets to teach him about their weak-
specimens are useful tools for discovering how to
handle future monsters. Of course, if a captured shen should
prove balky, vivisection is always an option.

There are human monsters as well, and they too should
be eradicated. The shinia, the Lightning People...sorcerers
by any other name. They deal with the shen and gain power
from them. They consort with werewolves and mate with
gaki. They are, in short, willing servants of the demons. Shinta
are among the most dangerous sort of monsters because they
hide themselves in plain sight and are virtually impossible to
detect through technological means.

One of the earliest trials for Okamoto's Strike Force
came when it dealt with a devil-worshipping cult that in-
tended to sacrifice hundreds of people to its demon masters.
In an effort to free their banished demon master, a demented
group of shinta and their servants captured hundreds of North
Koreans by promising jobs and food, and they managed to

CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO

7
39


a

A_A _ A _A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_sA A A _A_A_A_A_A

commit a series of horrid atrocities on over half of their
victims before the Strike Force even showed up. The
powers of the demon worshippers taught SFO an important
lesson about the evils men are capable of, and they cost
the lives of all but one member of the first two Strike
Teams. In the end, the very demon that the cultists tried
to bring forth devoured them for their failure to free it.
The one remaining agent could tell the story only while
under hypnosis, and she has never been the same since.

Thus, there is no room for mercy in the Strike Force.
Evil must be destroyed and, as many in the Middle King-
dom can attest, evil often wears a pretty face to hide its
true intent. A friendly gesture, an effort to aid the Strike
Force, even saving the life of an agent...all of these are
suspect. These gestures are just another reason to destroy
any shen the Force might encounter.

To indoctrinate this attitude in agents, new SFO
Teams undergo a series of desensitization exercises. Once
the agents are finally ready for the field, they are given
cases that deal with the more mundane aspects of their
job. The cases that new teams are sent on have already
been investigated by a veteran Strike Team. These cases
become low priority if there are no supernatural forces at
work. The Strike Force keeps notes, maintains any con-
nections its members have made, and saves the case for
one of the less experienced Strike Teams to investigate
from scratch.

The new team then studies the case, gathers all the
details and infiltrates the organization as its members see
fit. Their information is compared to what is already
known, and they are "graded" on the results. When the
bust finally comes, the more experienced Strike Team is
often sent in as backup, but the collar goes to the new
Strike Team.

Through a series of cases like these, the team gains
confidence in its abilities and the Strike Force evaluates
them. Each case leads slowly and inexorably to the truth
that demons are real, and each reveals more of their
hideous nature to the Strike Team. When the time for a
full-scale encounter does come around, the team is ready
to deal with the monsters as harshly as they must in order
to survive and protect the human populace.

THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF SHEN

In its existence, SFO has become aware that a baffling
variety of demons haunt the Middle Kingdom. Below is a
list of creatures the SFO knows to exist, and Geichin

Okamoto's personal opinions of the same.
cesta vane

The Hungry Dead, \
a.k.a. Gaki

Top Secret: File # 1772-C ~

The Hungry Dead are a dangerous lot. The legends
surrounding these creatures are nowhere near com-
plete enough to my satisfaction. These foul demons
rise from the grave in the bodies of the dead and feed
onthe lives of people, animals and even the land. These
creatures are seductive and filled with false promises.
Though they are not the most common demons, they
are among the vilest, for they have ruled over much of
the world on several occasions — at least if what we've
been able to record of their confessions is true. The
Hungry Dead are a blight on the history of humanity,
and from what information we've gleaned, their Euro-
pean counterparts are no better.

Although several of these entities have been cap-
tured and tortured, they speak only under extreme
duress. In the case of Subject #4, she began telling us
what we wanted to know only after we had removed
her legs just above the knees. There was no blood.
Fascinating.

They are to be hunted and destroyed with extreme
prejudice. Many of these foul walking dead have even
managed to mate with humans and produce living
versions of themselves that are surely just as danger-
ous, and almost always live in the cities.

Vivisection, while educational, also proves to be
fruitless as a means of learning much that is useful.
The Hungry Dead are weakened in daylight hours, and
it's best to hunt them when they are in their weakened
state. Most frightening is that these entities often
manipulate the cities where they dwell, and they
sometimes have enough political power to make hunt-
ing them near impossible. Of all the shen, these are the
subtlest and most deadly. They've attempted to gain
information on three separate occasions by capturing
Strike Force operatives and tearing the knowledge
from their minds. If not for the charges implanted in
the skulls of these agents, the demons could have
learned about the locations of our bases. The knowl-
edge remained safe, but the agents died. All three have
been avenged, but I can't help feeling the weight of
their deaths.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

vvvevevevvweyvypyvyiv

A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

Kumo \ _—

Top Secret: File # 1138-S

The Goblin Spiders of old myth are real, and they are nearly impossible to destroy. Not only are they
superhuman-tough and durable, but they can transform themselves into an army of spiders. The recent
addition of poison-gas guns has been successful in containing the one surviving Goblin Spider we've captured
to date.

An interesting development in the case of subject # 1138-S: While the original body of the monster is gone,
indeed incinerated, after it tried escaping the vivisection chamber, the remaining specimens from the original
shen are busily rebuilding themselves into new collective bodies, Of the 17 spiders captured and isolated after
they escaped the original form, 14 of them have not only consumed any insects placed in the chambers with
them, but they have also actually increased in mass! I believe these individual arachnids may be trying to grow
themselves back to the size of the original Kumo. Do they know about each other? I suspect so, as all of the
subjects were observed on camera when we dissected the three that weren't growing as quickly. In each case,
their state of agitation was very obvious. If not for the electrified barriers around their cages, I'd fear for the
safety of keeping these monsters alive at all.

Note: Vivisection is not a wise method of dealing with the Kumo. When the first subject was sliced open
and the probes were inserted, the surgeons suffered from an eruption of small, venomous spiders spilling from
the chest and cranial cavities. The variety of arachnids these creatures can produce is also frightening. A
specialist ] contacted to identify the various species of arachnid within the creature claims that many of the
spiders were from other countries. Worse, most of them are capable of producing toxins lethal even in an
animal as large as a human being. As is evidenced by what happened to poor Toru Kagami, the larger versions
of these demons emit an equally lethal venom. The bastards are not invulnerable, however; fire, electricity and
industrial-strength nerve-toxins all work quite well on these creatures.

Hypothesis: The demons inhabiting the Kumo are apparently capable of taking on multiple forms. One
must wonder if a Kumo is a spider-shen possessing a human body or a humanoid shen possessing a spider
and forcing it to consume its relatives. Either way, the end result is hideous in ite implications.

Werewolves NH

Top Secret: File # 0021-B

The good news is that the European legends of these creatures infecting others with their bites seem exaggerated.
Agent Enicho has shown no indication of becoming a werewolf, even when exposed to the full moon. Efforts to study
the legends of the werewolf as portrayed by Hollywood seem largely to have been a waste of time, though the silver
bullets do, in fact, work very well. Still, werewolves are amazingly hard to kill

The regenerative capabilities of these creatures are very surprising, Only two days after the sensory organs were
removed from Subject 4, the eyes, ears and nose have regrownand seem fully functional. Scorchings, wound with silver
and fire seems to prevent this regenerative ability. Additionally, contact with silver produces a pronounced reaction,
similar to the application ofa concentrated acid. Subjects 2, 3, and 12 have not recovered from their wounds, and both
8and 9 are dead at this time. Silver shackles are not recommended for restraining these creatures. In the case of Subject
8, accidental burns to the neck and limbs are apparently the cause of death. Silver at room temperature produces much
the same results as a, blowtorch. Fascinating.

These shen are capable of taking on human form and might even be related by blood, but it's hard to say with any
certainty. I have my doubts about the blood relations: Several reverted to a human form when killed, while others
transformed into wolves, and some remained as they were when they died. Most unsettling is the effect these creatures
have on humans when they reveal themselves in their true form: If not for the stabilizing effects of the panic
suppressors, most of the agents would likely have run screaming when they saw them.

The 500-amp tasers seem to work very well for incapacitating these creatures, though, in a few cases, it took more
than one charge before they fell Happily, the incident, with Subject 7 was apparently a unique case. Once he disappeared
from his cell, we were certain he would return with reinforcements. We were right, and we were prepared. What we
did not expect was that they would all appear in the very cell from which Subject 7 escaped. While we are still working
on just how Subject 7 managed to disappear and reappear, we have come no closer to an answer. Yoshi thinks the
creature became a heavy gas and dropped through the floor, but the only difference between his room and the others
was the presence ofan observational mirror. Why, then, didn't the others leave their cells in a similar fashion, and why
would they all return to the same location? I'm just glad Yoshi thought to arm the guards with silver in the event that
the demons returned.

Mote: Silver shouldbe tried on the other shapechangers. especially look forward to seeing the results on the Tengu.
T recognized the one with the deep scar on his beak. I believe I shall test the silver on hirn myself.

CHATTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Ne

aan enna

Top Secret: File # 1356-D

Ghosts. I never really allowed myself to believe that such things exist. The concept of dying and then utterly
remaining behind, stuck in a limbo where I can do little to alter the world around me, hag always made me ill.

Now that 1 know ghosts are real, something will have to be done to ease their burdens. Huan's ectoplasm detectors
work very well. They're small enough to conceal in an ordinary set of glasses, but rather fragile. We'll have to work
on that. Better than that, Huan believes he'll soon have a way of manipulating the ectoplasm. We will either be able
to capture these entities, or be able to destroy them.

I think I prefer the destruction myself. A mercy killing for those that refuse to die.

What, Huan hasn't been able to explain is why so many of the ghosts resemble nothing even remotely human.
Perhaps further examination would be wise.

am

Possessed Entities NS

Top Secret: File # 1356-E

Huan's ectoplasmic extractor works, but a few small problems remain. First, the damned thing still causes some
damage to the human host. Second, the Hextractor seems to work only on certain types of spirits. Im very confused by
this. The more humanoid spirits are easily ignited and dissolved, provided they can be caught in the discharge. But some
of the others ignore the effects of the rays, or suffer less from the F-extractor's assault.

Are there mnore than just ghosts at work here? Definitely time to do more research on the nature of spirits. Huan
believes sore of these entities are actually demons. Take into consideration those humans who experience an actual
physical metamorphosis when possessed, as opposed to those who merely act differently from the ways they normally
do.

Different types of spiritual possessior: Ghosts, demons and maybe even stranger things. Fortunately, Huan remains
convinced that all such possessions can be counteracted simply by adjusting the E-extractor's frequency. The best news
ofall regarding the E-extractor is that human hosta, while injured by the weapon, normally live through the process. The
trauma, is still too much for my liking, but I suspect we can handle that as well, given a little more time.

Clothes, paper and material objects are unaffected by the E-extractor and, just as importantly, the energy discharge
is unaffected by them, which means that agents can target an incorporeal entity through a building without having to
worry about the side effects on the building itself.

Note: The oddly distorted "landscapes" seen through the E-detectors seem to suffer damage when struck by the E-
extractor. Yoshi reports seeing something like a typhoon appear to destroy these phantom buildings when the E-extractor
was trained on them for an extended time. Minute stress lines also appeared in the actual buildings targeted in the test,
but they were so minor that no one noticed them at first. I tend to be cautious and suspect the H-extractor caused these
new faults. [m glad we chose buildings marked for destruction when we finally got around to the field tests. Do these
phantom buildings have .connection to the real ones? Sources point toyes. From what Yoshi says, there are actual physical
similarities.

Secondary Note: Huan believes he may be able to reduce the weapon's substantial energy drain by supplementing
the batteries with a bioelectrical source. It might be possible to reduoe the size of the F-extractor by powering the weapon
using the natural energies of the person carrying the device. As with all of our weapons, size matters. Anything too large
or too bulky is bound to be wasted in a combat situation.

NN
Tengu
Top Secret: File # 7444-E
Despite my earlier hopes, silver doesn't seem to work on the Tengu, though it works on most other shapechanging
creatures. Quite by accident, however, | discovered that gold does. Scar Beak screamed when I ran the gold ring on my
hand across his chest during our last interrogation. Justto check, I did itagain and watched the flesh burn. Imust confess
toacertain indecorous delight in running my wedding ring across his arms and watching the tendons sizzle. 'd wager

that even if he were to break free from us, he won't find it quite as easy to swoop down from the sky and carry off any
more children,

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

A_A _A AA A A _ A _A_A_A_A_A

Sorcerers > Se

Top Secret: File # 1331-H

Sorcerers. I am once again shocked to discover that such beings exist. My own family was accused of many
magical feats over the centuries, but the truth is that we were physically skilled and adept at trickery. But, these
shintaare a serious threat: We have no way to detect them, and no way to defend against them. I don't like the feeling
that we might be exposed to their ministrations should they decide to investigate us.

The Black Demon Tong; In all the time we hunted them down, I never expected they were more than a gang
being led by a vampire. Now, I see there are far worse things than the Hungry Dead.

The American agent, Walters, was literally turned inside out — not just the meat and internal organs, but his
bones ag well. Whatever attacked him crammed all ofhis soft tissues into a space the size ofa toilet bowl and wrapped
the bones around them. Not possible? I saw the evidence myself. Worst of all, he was still alive when we got there.
How he managed to scream with his lungs in that condition is beyond me.

Yoshi was in tears, He couldn't pull the trigger on Walters. I handled the matter myself. I'm almost certain I
heard Walters thank me. At least I'll let myself believe I heard that.

But I digress. These aberrations cannot be allowed to continue. These sorcerers, they must all be destroyed.
No one should be able to warp reality with such impunity. Rock walls should not move of their own volition, and
the roots of trees should not attack humans, I will not tolerate their continuation.

Ineed to study the tapes again. I need to understand what it was that went wrong for these demon-worshippers.
I keep seeing that woman turn Walters inside out and then scream as her own body melted. I'm not quite sure,
butI'd almost swear it was in response to what she did to Walters. If can find out what force caused this, then isolate
it and manipulate it, 1 may yet have a way to defeat these monsters.

Aliens Among Us "NX

Top Secret: File # 1251-A

There is no longer any doubt that extraterrestrial entities are wandering across the Earth. Just what their
intention is, I don't know, but we will watch them as they are likely watching us, and when the time is right, I will
decide what we must do. The victims of the Black Rain were unsettling, and in the long run, they proved to be
dangerous. I only hope we located them soon enough to stop their seed from spreading any further.

I keep hearing reports of the Men in Black showing up in tandem with Strike Force Zero. There can be little doubt
that these creatures are alien. The pictures I've seen of them — with their strange, emotionless faces — convince
me of that.

Yoshi and his crazy ideas. He thinks these MiBs are coming over here from the United States. I think my sources
would have told me if that were the case. Yoshi is a good man, but his ideas are a bit radical.

CHAPTER TWO: STRIKE FORCE ZERO

x



It can't be emphasized enough that demon hunters are
mortal. They aren't mages (with some exceptions) or even
Kinfolk. They're simply humans driven to extremes by the
course they've chosen to follow in their lives. However, they
are also dedicated to one task, and they're trained to deal
with the shen better than any humans elsewhere. The Shih,
in particular, have spent over a decade perfecting their art
and strengthening their bodies for combat against the de-
mons. In comparison to the average human, they're pretty
damn tough.

This section outlines how to build a demon hunter. The
rules that apply for all of the Storyteller books do so here as
well, including the fact that the Storyteller has final say as to
whether or nota character is acceptable within her chronicle.

This chapter is broken into three parts. First, we provide
the general rules of character creation. The final two sections
examine the special abilities unique to Shih and Strike Force
Zero, respectively.

THE BASICS OF CHARACTER CREATION

CONCEPT

Before creating your character, you should have some
idea of where your character has been before. Was he a
professional computer programmer, or a doctor whose family
was killed by a rampaging werewolf? Was she orphaned by

A_A_A_A_A_A _s~A_A_ A _A_A_A_A

a vampire's thirst for Chi? How long ago did he decide to
dedicate his life to eradicating demons? Just how dedi-
cated is she to the job? Does he have a family somewhere?
Does she still love that special someone she abandoned to
follow her path? These questions and others are important
and should be answered before you begin. Why? Because
they help you flesh out your character properly, and
because your Storyteller might want to incorporate ele-
ments from your character's past into the chronicle.

It's assumed that your character is finished with her
training and ready to go. So who taught her, and how did
she suffer along the way? Strike Force agents may actually
have a relatively routine existence, as demon hunters go,
but Shih sacrifice any semblance of a normal life once
they've decided to walk the path of the Excellent Archer.
Nine-to-five jobs interfere with training, and working the
fields at the family farm is a lost cause. There's no such
thing as a part-time Shih.

What does your character look like? Is she tall and
beautiful? Is he stocky and scarred by the battle that
destroyed his family? Looks may seem superficial, but they
make a difference in how well a character is treated by
those he meets. All of these factors should be fleshed out
in your mind before you begin the process of building your
character. That said, let's get to the meat of the subject.

vvevevvTvVwevrevypeyvypewv,revy:sSVYY¥peiYiyviv

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


STORYTELLER NOTES

Demon Hunter X is a supplement for Kindred of the East. Though it's designed for use with any of the Storyteller games,
there is a certain bias to the rules presented here. Shih and Strike Force Zero characters don't have Rage or Avatars; there
is no listing on their character sheets for Arcanoi or Arts and Realms. Moderate adjustments might be required to insert these
characters into games using changelings, werewolves, wraiths or mages. Also note that Shih start off with better Attributes
and Abilities than Strike Force Zero agents, which reflects the 15 years or more that the Shih dedicate to their training.

DEMON HUNTER CHARACTER CREATION

STEP ONE: CHARACTER CONCEPT

Choose concept, type (Shih or SFO), Nature and Demeanor.

+ STEP TWO: SELECT ATTRIBUTES
Prioritize your three categories: Physical, Soctal and Mental — (8/6/3) for Shih characters, (7/5/3)

for Strike Force characters.

+ STEP THREE: SELECT ABILITIES

Prioritize vour three categories: Talents, Skills and Knowledges — (21/12/53) tor Shih characters,
(13/9/93) for Strike Force characters.

No Ability higher than 3 at this time, which means chat Shih have to spend atleast nine treeb
(three on Martial Arts, two cach on the other three Abilities) to raise mandatory Abilities to minimum
levels.

Note on Shih: All Shih have extensive knowledge of hand-to-hand combat and traditional melee
weapons, and all Shih must have at least four dots in Occult, Melee, Martial Arts and Dodge, as wellas
at least two dots in Firearms and Survival. These are the minimum numbers; bigher levels are stronuly

suggested. Additionally, World of Darkness: Combat is solidly recommended for anyone wishing to play

a Shih; while not necessary, it does offer advanced combat techniques that could mean life or death for

your character.

Note on Strike Poree Zero: Fach SFO agent has extensive knowledge in one of the five following
fields:

© Cyber-rat: Computer, Enigmas, Linguistics, Science, Security

© Bombardier earms, Instruction, Research, Science, Stealth, Subterfuge

e Assassins Alertness, Athletics, Martial Arts, Medicine, Melee, Streetwise

© Pilot: Computer, Cratts (repairs), Dodge, Drive (3 minimum; adept with all cars and motor-
eveles), Firearms, Pilot

Snoop: Computer, Enigmas, Investigation, Linguistics, Occult, Researe

The areas listed under cach tield are the Abilities most recommended for each type of agent. While
it might not be possible to have all of these, at least a rudimentary knowledge is recommended. Also, all
Strike Foree Zero agents must have at feast one dot in each of the following: Brawl (or Martial Arts),

Firearms, Leadership, Melee, Occult, and Subterfuge.

WORLD OF DARKNES; DEMON HUNTER X


TEP FOUR: CHOOSE BACKGROUNDS

e Shih: 3 dots; additionally, all Shih have 3 in Mentor.

* Strike Force Zero: 6 dots; additionally, all SFO agents have an automatic 3 in Backers.

STEP FIVE: CHOOSE VIRTUES

As mortals. all demon hunters have one dor in the Virtues of Conscience, Sele Control and € ourage and gain
seven points to spemton Virtues. Virtues work as disted in Vampire: The Masquerade: furthermore, they are used
when calculating usable Chi and resisting terror and horror (sec pe s+).

~ STEP SIX: CHOOSE CHI POWERS

The greatest difference between demon hunters and ordinary mortals is that demon hunters ean tap into and
use their Chi Galbeit, in the case of Strike korce Zero, unknowingly). Shih tollow special paths, called Qiaoy Strike
Force azents have special implaots eeanting them powers. and a few have pavehic abilities.

Shib hegin the game with one dot in each of the following Qiao: Qiao of the Mo Kune, Qiao of the | Shen,
Qiao ot the Yu An. Rach additional det beyond these three costs ten freebie points.

SPO operatices begin the game with two implants. Fach additional imphant re quires purchasing a det in the

Arsenal Background. Thy cost for cach new dot ot Arsenal is three freebie points or, il purchased with experience

potnts, the current ratme <3.

+ STEP SEVEN: CALCULATE HUMANITY AND WILLPOWER

Humanity = Conseienes + Selt-Control, Willpower = Courage

+ STEP LIGHT: SPEND FREEBIE POINTS
e shih: 1) Characters may purchase Qiao. Merits and Plows. in addition to adding to Attributes and

Abilities.

e strike Force Zero: (13) Characters may purchase Numinas additional implants, Merits and Flaws, in
addition to adding to Attributes and Abilities.

REEBIE POINTS

Trait Cost

\ttribute 5 per dot

Ability 2 per dot

Backyround I per dot

Qiao/Numina EO per dot

Virtin 2 per dot

Humanity i per dot

Willpower T per dot

ALP Strike oreo agents start the came with twaey berware or wetware implants. They may gain additional

implants bs purchasing the Arsenal Backeround. However, antike other Backerounds, the Arsenal Bac ound
costs three treebic points per dot.

AI Shih start off with one dot in cach of the following Chi Powers: Qiae of the Mo Kung, Qiao of the I
Shen, Qin of the Yu An.

vvvvvvVvVvYVvVVvvVvvvVvYvVvYVYYVYVYY "7
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION 1

CONCEPT

Who were you before you took the path of the demon hunter? What
drives you to continue your battle against the shen? Do you still have any
ties to your past?

NATURE AND DEMEANOR

These Traits reflect your character's outlook on life. More
details on these characteristics can be found in any of the
core Storyteller books.

IN BACKGROUNDS

Demon hunters, Shih and SFO alike, have
a unique lifestyle, which is reflected in their
Backgrounds. Many new Backgrounds are
available to demon hunters. The follow-
ing are limitations that might be placed on
the character, at the Storyteller's discre-
tion.
* Allies — Few Shih have any allies.
Their lifestyle is too extreme and dan-
gerous.
© Arsenal — This Background is
exclusive to Strike Force operatives.
Eachdot in the Arsenal Background
gives the new agent an additional
piece of cyberware or wetware,
though these devices are acquired
at the cost of the agent's Human-
ity. Few SFO agents have more
than a 3 in Arsenal.
¢ Backers — Shih don't have backers,
though they are known to charge fees to people
who look like they have money to burn.
© Equipment — Shih are not known for
having high technology on hand, although a
few have managed to get their hands on
assault rifles and hand grenades. Remember
that most Shih aren't licensed to carry weap-
ons, and packing assault rifles is a good way to
end up doing hard labor in many parts of
Asia. SFO agents are licensed to kill and
legally allowed to carry lethal weapons just
about anywhere. However, the Background
of Arsenal is far more important to the
average SFO agent.
© Fame— Few Shih live long enough to
attain fame, and those who do are apt to
change their names when entering a new
area. (The shen aren't very fond of being
killed by mortals; it goes against their percep-
tion of how life is supposed to work.) Fame is
the worst fate a Strike Force agent could ever
experience. Both types of demon hunters

vvwvwveeoveéievieyv
WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

should avoid this Background.


© Favors — Most Shih are big on the concept of
favors. The more people who owe them, the happier they
are. It's very common practice for a Shih warrior to let the
people he's saved from the shen know that he might
require a favor in return someday. Strike Force agents are
more likely to gather political favors than favors from the
average person on the street.

© Mentor — All Shih start with a mentor. Whether
or not that mentor lives very long is up to the Storyteller.
Furthermore, once a Shih master has passed on his train-
ing, he no longer feels obligated to stay around where the
student can find him easily. Tracking down a mentor
might take months or even years.

¢ Rank — Rank doesn't exist for the Shih. All are
considered equal. Rank can make a difference, however,
for Strike Force operatives.

* Resources — Very few Shih have appreciable
resources; most live hand to mouth. Strike Force agents
should have at least Resources 2, to reflect their salary and
the funds available to them from the agency. Those
without this Background are probably lousy at holding
onto their money.

A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

NEW BACKGROUNDS

Demon hunters can acquire several Backgrounds which,
due to their nature, simply don't apply to most of the
Storyteller games. While some of these Backgrounds have
appeared before, we present them here, either with slight
alterations or as a matter of convenience.

ARSENAL (STRIKE FORCE ZERO AGENTS ONLY)

Strike Force Zero agents have access to wetware and
cyberware implants that can enhance their physical prowess,
their senses, their physical and mental defenses, and their
ability to cause injury. These devices are virtually indestruc-
tible and attuned to the agent in whom they are implanted.
They are surgically implanted, which renders them more
concealable than other tools and much harder to remove
from the agent (extracting them requires surgery, voluntary
or not).

Unlike other Backgrounds, each dot in Arsenal costs
three freebie points. Moreover, Arsenal may not be pur-
chased with "regular" Background dots, but must be bought
with freebies. However, each SFO agent starts with two

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

=


implants in her arsenal, and they do not affect the modifiers
for additional implanted devices. There is no limit to the
number of implants an agent can have, except the agent's
initial Humanity, but each must be paid for in advance. Shih
cannot have this Background; it is available only to Strike
Force Zero agents.

The human body and mind are not designed to accom-
modate "foreign" substances. SFO can handle their first two
(automatic) implants with few ill effects. Each additional
implant permanently reduces the agent's Humanity rating by
one, though Humanity may be raised with freebie or experi-
ence points.

° one additional device

oe two additional devices
three additional devices
four additional devices
five additional devices

BACKERS

All SFO operatives have this Background. In essence,
Backers detail how much financial assistance the agent can
muster to pay bribes, purchase weapons, and extract herself
from political hot water. While this Background is useful, it
won't automatically remove obstacles. It might still take a
week for an agent held in a Vietnamese prison to be released,
and that's only if the local law-enforcement agency has
bothered with proper protocol and notified the Japanese
government that one of its agents is behind bars. Please note
that while all SFO agents are licensed to kill, they must still
be able to explain their actions to local law enforcement.

Allowance of 200 yen per day for bribery
and minor political sway (can avoid pay
ing traffic fines).

Allowance of 400 yen per day for bribery
and can avoid being arrested for anything
less than a felony charge. Licensed to carry
a firearm.

Allowance of 600 yen per day for bribery
and can avoid being arrested on any charge
less than a violent felony. Licensed to
carry a concealed firearm.

Allowance of 800 yen per day and can
avoid being arrested for anything short of
espionage. Licensed to assist local law en
forcement in emergency situations.
Allowance of 1,000 yen per day and can
call on local law enforcement for backup,
or can take command of local law enforce
ment in emergency situations; has the
equivalent of diplomatic immunity in most
allied nations.

EQUIPMENT

SFO agents have access to high-tech equipment. This
Background indicates just how quickly an agent can get what
he wants, and how much red tape he can avoid in the process.
Note that this Background is sometimes given to agents on
a temporary basis if their current assignment is top priority.

e Can get special equipment within one

day, but must fill out all of the required
forms.

Can get special equipment in a matter of
hours, but still must fill out all of the
required forms.

Can get special equipment in one day, no
forms required.

Can get special equipment within two
hours, no forms required.

The folks in the lab drop everything else to
accommodate the agent's wishes.

FAVORS

Both Shih and Strike Force Zero often gather favors.
This Background reflects the number of individuals dis-
posed to aid the character as a result of past deeds. These
individuals might be shop owners, informants, politicians
or underworld figures, but each of them owes the charac-
ter in a big way. Disposing of bodies, planting evidence,
and even murder are possible through the use of favors.
However, each favor is usable only once, after which it is
considered null and void. It's possible to gain more favors
during the course of play, but the final decision is in the
hands of the Storyteller, as is the decision of when and
how a favor is returned.

The giving and receiving of favors is intrinsic to
certain Asian societies (as with Chinese society and its
elaborate network of guanxi). Storytellers are encouraged
to give automatic dots in this Background should charac-
ters earn them in play, and likewise should have no qualms
about having a Storyteller character call in favors owed by
the player characters...

° one favor

oe two favors

three favors
four favors
five favors

MENTOR

All Shih start with an automatic 3 in this Background,
but that rating reflects that their teacher is still around and
can be reached for assistance or information. It might take
weeks to locate the character's mentor, but it can still be
done.

vvovvrvrovvrvrovrvrovvrevrevyvpevpeuerivpeéiy iv

WORLD OF BARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

Ly

? wet

° The character's instructor is occasionally
available for advice.
oe The character's instructor still assists the

character in learning new skills.

eee The character's instructor actively guides
the character's continuing education.

coco The character's instructor assists the char
acter in times of need.

eocce The character's instructor watches out for

the character and might even come to the
rescue if the situation is dire enough. Also,
the mentor is fond enough of the charac
ter to keep him informed of potentially
dangerous situations.

RANK

Every Strike Force field agent has official rank in the
military. However, having rank and being able to use it are
entirely different. This Background reflects how well ac-
cepted the rank of the agent is, in addition to how high in
rank the agent has risen. Unless the agent has this Back-
ground, he is considered a low-ranking officer.

° Second lieutenant; tolerated but seldom

obeyed when not physically present.

oe First lieutenant; obeyed only when there's
no immediate rush to do what must be
done.

eee

Captain; obeyed immediately.

Major; obeyed and respected. Few argue
with you.

Colonel; even preposterous demands are
immediately complied with.

VIRTUES

As humans, all demon hunters have the Virtues of
Conscience, Self-Control and Courage, as well as the
Traits of Humanity and Willpower. These Traits are
generated per the rules in Vampire: The Masquerade
— i-e., each hunter has one dot in each Virtue and can
spend seven points on Virtues. A demon hunter's be-
ginning Humanity equals Conscience + Self-Control,
while beginning Willpower equals Courage. Though
humans do not suffer from the frenzies and fears that
grip Kindred and Kuei-jin, these Traits are still of
paramount importance to demon hunters. Self-Con-
trol governs the character's use of Yin Chi, while
Courage governs Yang Chi. Additionally, the Virtues
are used to resist terror, horror, and degeneration.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_ 4 _ A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

chil

The primary difference between demon hunters and other mortals is the
demon hunters' ability to access their Chi. This elemental force is the
building block of everything in the universe, including the flesh of humans
and the searing heat at the center of a lightning bolt. Chi permeates the
air we breathe, the water we drink and the sunlight that spills from

the heavens.

Chi is life. Every microbe, every plant, animal, hu-
man, demon and deity is a byproduct of this force. Chi
has at least a thousand different names, but none of
them defines the concept completely. It's enough to
understand that Chi is everywhere, all the time.

So why is it so precious? Why do the shen fight for it,
why do they steal it from humans and glut themselves on
it when they feel the need? Because Chi is power. Power

and life are one and the same in the eyes of the Kuei-jin,
the mages, the hengeyokai.

Chi is the basis of all life, and all supernatural life as
well. Most living things can't access Chi, except on an
unconscious level. Certain Shih scholars believe evo-
lution occurs when a species realizes it needs to change

and alters its own Chi unconsciously to handle the situ-
ation. Those species that can't make the necessary changes
eventually fade from existence.

Mages and healers can access Chi, though in differ-

ent ways. Mages access the world's ambient Chi in
order to create miraculous results. Healers cannot
actually use Chi, but they can help it move to the
tight places. A healer can speed the reknitting of
bone or force cancer into remission by convincing
a patient's Chi to do what it should be doing
already. In this way, the healer can also work
miracles.
But mages and healers typically don't deal with
their own life-force; they deal with external Chi or
the Chi of their patients. They don't focus their own
spiritual energies to create drastic changes in themselves
or in those around them. If they did, they'd suffer the same
risks as the Shih and Strike Force agents. In contrast to other
human Chi-wielders, demon hunters access their own life-
force, or "bioenergy," in order to power their weapons or combat
demons. And in doing so, they sacrifice a part of their own spirit,
knowingly or not.

4
> ‘TYPESOFCHI
There are two types of Chi: Yin Chi, reflecting the
passive, receptive, negative energy; and Yang Chi, embody-
ing the active, energetic, positive life principles. All humans
bear both in some measure.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X


SPENDING CHI

Every mortal has 10 Chi points. Ideally, five Yin and five
Yang exist in each human, though thig is seldom the case.
Chi changes as the life of the pe changes. A calm,
depressed, serene or fatalistic persongfobably bears more Yin
Chi, while a joyous, violent, eny@§Fd or "fired-up" person
likely bears more Yang.

Most mortals have no
are unaware of the true
traumatic events can fg
unconsciously — for! ele; fOr cing cancer into remission;
performing physical l@ifapossible tasks, like lifting a car off ai
injured child; or evert beating the snot out of a wer Bat
the cost for these actions is often devastating gigi muscles
that lift the car are torn and the bopgs them broken
by the impossible weight. Th
mental Lupine into a coma

fo access their Chi and thus
power they posses:

nself from th

ttoachieve t

cases is the same; just as the f
spend Chi consciously, so regainifig
the average mortal's ability.

Shih and ions
through years d@practice, have the caghtity

Chi. They can harness this power,
and, most importantly, regain j
tives use implanted devices#fiat feed on

other words, their Chi. Demon hunters' Ghi reservoirs are in

no way equal to those of their supernatfral foes, and most:
hunters find their reserves exhausted after even a brief *

encounter. Both types of demon huntergjthough, have ways
to replenish their lost energies.

Shih spend their Chi through ri
and developed over the centuries. The
or "Bridges" by the demon hunte rigorous mental
disciplines requiring years of training meditation. Each
Qiao uses either Yin or Yang Chi (in some rare cases, both)
and often uses Willpower as the catalyst for the expenditure
of energy. Unlike the Kuei-jin, the energy the Shih employ
is their own, not stolen or borrowed from another. Asa result,
these powerful rituals are used sparingly. It is entirely possible
to kill oneself by burning away too much life-force.

SFO agents also use Chi, but in an entirely different
fashion. The wetware and biotechnology implanted in their
bodies require a certain amount of the agents' life-force to
remain empowered. One of the reasons for this is that the
weapons are better hidden without an outside power source.
But another factor, almost as important, is that the use of
bioenergy stops the devices from being abused by the users.
It's a built-in safeguard against betrayal. Each and every
weapon and instrument within a Strike Force agent's body is
personalized, working only for the particular agent to which
it is attuned. This factor becomes very important if its agent
is mentally controlled or possessed by a demon; possessed

als, called "Qiao"

entities suffer changes to their bioelectrical field, which
means an agent possessed by a demon cannot turn his
weaponry on his erstwhile teammates.

SFO operatives use their Chi just as surely as Shih do, but
they are unaware of just what it is they do. The demon
hunters do something to themselves when they begin using
their Chi; they awaken energy in their bodies that wasn't
intended to be awakened. They become more, or possibly
less, than human. Once Chi energy is activated, consciously

raritetitc ith the Shih or unconsciously with the Strike Force agents,

ange takes place within the mortal wielders: Their bodies
ain the same, at least in most ways, but their spirits are
altered. They have a potential for greatness that is unrealized
by most mortals, and they have a greater chance for damna-
tion,

CHI RESQRBOIRS

viously stated, most human beings have 10 Chi.
even the best trained Shih can't gain full access to
. Just as with the Kuei-jin, they can use only certain
B of their Chi, depending on their Virtues. Courage
ontroller of Yang, and Self-Control is the controller
A demon hunter can evoke only as much Chi as her
Piling Virtue allows for. In order to access all 10 points
Yin and Yang Chi, a demon hunter has to have a5 Self-
rol and a 5 Courage.
A. Shih warrior with a 3 Self-Control and a 4 Courage
access and expend as muchas 3 Yin Chiand 4 Yang Chi
ough the warrior in question would literally risk death
omplish this. Burning seven Chi in combat is the
plent of losing seven pints of blood. The Shih would be
austed that his body would shut itself down, leaving
er in acoma or dead from heart failure. Accordingly,
wo Chi points spent reduce the character's Health
one.
emis, a demon hunter can make a Stamina roll
~) to access Chi in excess of her Virtue ratings.
bles additional Chi to be pulled from the
force. This is extraordinarily dangerous, how-
bt of Chi thus evoked costs the character a
j the character must make an immediate
slifficulty 8) to see if she loses Humanity.

Ho
the,

Ever

Rut regaining life-force is a bit

¥ regain this lost energy is to
rest, often meditating to ee pe effects. For each hour
spent resting — that meariéacfhallMesting, not studying
important papers or trying to dee n'bacrypted code —
the character regains one point of matomatically. This
Chi point goes to whichever Chi Pool is low8éiin its current
rating; if a Shih spent only one Yin Chi but alsé spent three
Yang Chi, then the returning energy is converted into Yang
Chi. The body recovers what is most important first. This is

vwvvvyw7Tvvvrevrevyvyvpvypevevyvvpepeqgvrisgypééitkées

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

5

automatic and can't be controlled by the character. Health
Levels lost through Chi expenditure — not through wounds
and the like — are restored through this process. Health
Levels lost through expending Chi in excess of the character's
Virtues are not recovered in this fashion; they must be healed
normally.

Shih can double their normal rate of recovery by medi-
tating, thus giving their bodies a better chance to regain what
was lost. All that is required is a Stamina + Meditation roll
(difficulty 6). Even one success means that the character
regains Chi at twice the normal speed. This option is avail-
able to SFO agents as well, but it requires two or more
successes, as they haven't been formally trained in this
particular form of meditation. As with rest, meditation works
only if the character isn't trying to do several other things at
the same time.

The only other natural way to regain Chi is to excel at
what comes naturally for the character. Any time a character
lives up to her Nature or concept fully and completely —
enhancing the story and fun for everyone in the process —
the Storyteller can call for that player to make a Conscience
roll (difficulty 6). Each success restores one Chi point, which
goes to the Yin or Yang Pool as needed. If, for example, a
Strike Team agent succeeds in besting his rival in a particu-
larly spectacular fashion, the Storyteller might decide to
reward that success with a Conscience roll and the restora-
tion of Chi. By living as the character is meant to live, that
character is rewarded, but only at the Storyteller's discretion,
which is by no means a sure bet for recovering spent Chi.

HUMANITY

Humanity, for demon hunters, is a measure of every-
thing left in a human soul that can still measure moments of
happiness and see them as more than equal time-shares of
misery. It's the part of the human being that believes in the
quality of mercy, and one that separates the demon hunters
from the cold-blooded murderers.

Every demon hunter has a conscience, and whether or
not they like to admit it, even SFO agents acknowledge that
everything exists for a reason. Killing a monster simply for
looking different is the best way in the world to lose Human-
ity, and instinct often warns hunters against this action, even
if "civilized" life fails to reinforce the belief.

Simple rules to remember: Killing monsters is still kill-
ing, and all the rationalization in the world means nothing
to the Hun and P'o. The thought is as important as the deed
in cases of Humanity.

The chart listed in Vampire: The Masquerade reflects
the losses of Humanity well enough, but consideration of
these factors is doubly important where humans are con-
cerned. Humans can never completely lose their Humanity,
but they can lose most of it, and at that time, they can awaken
the P'o side of their nature.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

Accordingly, every time a demon hunter commits a
particularly ignominious act asa result of botching a Courage
or Self-Control roll, she must make a Conscience roll. If she
fails, she loses a point of Humanity. If she botches, she not
only loses a point of Humanity, but she gains a point of P'o
(as the Kindred of the East Trait). This P'o cannot be
actively used by the character; it is merely a means of
quantifying the character's "dark side." Characters with P'o
scores are much more susceptible to certain Kuei-jin powers.
Moreover, each time the character makes a Virtue or Hu-
manity roll, the Storyteller can roll a number of dice equal to
the P'o rating (difficulty 6); each P'o success subtracts one
success from the character's Virtue/Humanity roll.

Once gained, P'o is permanent, though it may be bought off
at the cost of 10 experience points per point removed. Each
point of P'o reduces the maximum Humanity rating (ie., a
person with a P'o of 2 can have a maximum Humanity of 8). A
character who dies with a P'o score of 3 or greater runs a strong
risk of returning as one of the Hungry Dead.

In the world of Demon Hunter X, the possibility of
becoming the very thing you've fought against is ever-
present. And unless you play the game of life by the rules,
there are always other demon hunters waiting to find you and
show you the error of your ways.

ASUMMART OF THE RULES
Self-Control

Couras

Yin Rating
= Yany Rating

Conscience = Hun Rating

Committing an evil act and subsequently failing a
Conscience roll causes the character to lose a point of
Humanity. Botching a Conscience roll or dropping to
Humanity 1 gives the demon hunter a point of P'o
automatically.

At the time of death, if the demon hunter's P'o
rating is greater than his Hun (Conscience) rating, he
returns as a Kuci-jin, Bane or Spectre.

Evers two Chi points spent reduces the character's
Health Levels by one.

The character may spend Chi cqual to her Yin (Selt-
Control) rating and her Yang (Courage) rating, per
scene, Note: Spending teo much Chi can be fatal.

Extra Chi can be accessed by making a Stamina rolt
(difticulty 9). Howes

point acvessed and requires the character to make a

this costs one Health Level per

Conscience roll (difficulty 8} to avoid losing Himanity.
Every hour spent resting permits the recovery of

. one Chi point. During this time the character may do
nothing but rest. Meditation doubles this recovery rate.
ither Shih nor SFO

immune to the Chi-draining cfteets of the Kuci-jin.

wents are automatically

Fach Chi point drained by a Kuei-jin reduces the
J (

character's usable Chi Pool by one.

t


WILLPOWER

Willpower is determined per the character's Courage
rating, but it must be increased to a minimum of 5, either
through raising the Courage rating or with freebie points.
Not just anybody can become a demon hunter.

EXPERIENCE
Trait
New Ability 5
New Qiao/Numina 10
Removing P'o LOf/point
Arsenal Background current rati
Auribute
Abilits

Virtue

currentr
current
current
Humanity current cati
Willpower
Qiao/Numina

current

current rating VS

Raising a Virtue raises the maximum usable
Chi Pool.

SPECIAL POWERS OF THE SHIH

The Shih have developed many unique powers over the
centuries. First, we present the Qiao, or Bridges: ancient arts
through which demon hunters focus their Chi to perform
superhuman feats. We then present the special combat
maneuvers of Mo Chi Kung Fu, which can be learned by all
Shih with sufficiently high ratings in the Skill of Martial
Arts.

QIAO

Shih channel their Chi through these arts. Each Qiao
affects a different aspect of the person's life-force and uses
either Yin or Yang Chi. Each level of a Qiao is referred to as
a step, and there are five steps to each Qiao. Qiao cost 10
freebie points to acquire or improve, and improving them via
experience costs the current rating x 8. Only Shih may
purchase Qiao.

The Qiao are as follows:

* Qiao of the I Shen (Celestial Gods) — The spiritual
belief of the Shih works as a powerful tool in the fight against
the shen.

© Qiao of the Mo Kung (Devil Fighter) — The physical
prowess of the Shih is increased with this special mental
discipline.

© Qiao of the Yu An (Jade Harmony) — The mind of
the Shih is given special protection against the mind-tricks
of the shen.

© Qiao of the Feng (Phoenix) — The body of the Shih
recovers swiftly from wounds and disease.

© Qiao of the Shi (Serpent) — The body of the Shih
becomes a powerful weapon.

© Qiao of the Chien (Mirror) — A very traditional
method of hunting demons, the Qiao of the Chien specializes
in fighting fire with fire. Used properly, this Qiao allows Shih
to trap the Chi of the shen. Chi thus stolen can be focused
through a weapon of some sort, but a metallic, eight-sided
mirror is the most traditional focus.

® Qiao of the Long Ling (Dragon Ruler) — A powerful
psychological tool, this bridge lets the Shih use force of will
in a mental battle with the shen.

© Qiao of the Meng (Dream) — Through the use of
these steps, Shih can recover from the mental tortures they
endure.

® Qiao of the Zhu Mao (Resilient Cat) — Employing
the steps of this bridge, the Shih perform miracles of mind
over matter.

QIAO OF THEI SHEN

The Bridge of the Celestial Gods uses Yang Chi and
tequires very little effort on the part of the Shih. This Qiao
focuses the Shih's belief and is a method for using prayer as
a weapon. A Shih employing this Qiao actually inscribes
mystic prayers on paper, and these work to hinder the shen or
cause their destruction. Prayers may be prepared hours before
a combat (their magic lasts for an entire day), but when they
are created, they require an expenditure of Yang Chi. The
only range restriction on these prayers is that a Shih must be
able to see her target. Unless otherwise stated, the cost for
making these prayers is one Yang Chi, and inscription of the
prayers takes 15 minutes per step of the Qiao. These prayers
may affect wraiths, spirits and other incorporeal beings.

. CELESTIAL PUNISHMENT

These prayers work as a warning to the shen. When they
strike their target, they ignite, causing no physical damage
but burning the P'o of the target. These paper prayers are as
effective as thrown knives and resist even the strongest
natural winds while on route to their target.

System: The Shih spends a point of Yang Chi and 15
minutes to inscribe the prayers, then casts them at her target
(using a Dexterity + Occult roll; the demon can dodge the
attack normally, and the Shih suffers standard firearms
penalties for range). For most demons, being struck by the
prayers causes only extreme pain, which fades in moments.
Wraiths and vampires (Kindred and Kuei-jin), however,
suffer one Health Level of aggravated damage. Vampires may

vvvv7vvevevvyve+yw,yevvpeéeyreqgvpeésé+ésqwesésey

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

use their Stamina to soak this damage, though they will
still experience pain. Wraiths may not soak this dam-
age, though appropriate Arcanoi can be used

as a defense.

* DIVINE BINDINGS

When cast toward a shen target, these
innocuous sheets of paper move against the
wind and even circumventobstaclestostrike.
Once the prayers hit the target, they glow with
an eerie green energy and expand, becoming
thicker and longer as they wrap themselves
around the shen.

System: The Shih rolls Wits + Oc-
cult (difficulty 6) to cast these prayers,
and they may be dodged. These bindings

cause the shen a great deal of pain; an

entrapped shen must make a Willpower

roll (difficulty 7) in order to use any mental

Disciplines, powers or abilities. Addition-

ally, the shen must make a Strength roll

(difficulty 6, 10 cumulative successes) to break the
bonds.

: This power does not affect incorporeal beings.

eee HEAVENLY FLAMES

When this prayer strikes a target shen, it immediately bursts
into bright-blue flames that cause aggravated damage. As with
Divine Bindings, the prayer moves around obstacles to reach
their target.

System: The Shih rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 6) to cast
the prayer; it may be dodged. Each success inflicts one Health
Level of aggravated damage, which may be soaked by the

demon.

This power does not affect incorporeal beings.

seco CELESTIAL FIRES

Celestial Fires is identical to Heavenly Flames, with one
exception: The damage may not be soaked without special
defenses.

System: The Shih rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 7) to
cast these prayers; they may be dodged. Each success inflicts
one Health Level of aggravated damage. Unless the shen has
special defenses, this damage may not be soaked.

This power does not affect incorporeal beings.

seeee HEAVEN'S THUNDER

This, the most powerful of the Shih's prayers, is virtually
unstoppable once cast. As the prayers leave the Shih's hand,
they glow fiercely and move with the speed of lightning
toward their destination. When they strike the shen, they
explode in balls of electrical fury capable of grievously
wounding almost any demon.

vvevevVvvvVvYTvVvVYVYVV'YVW¥YVYVYSYseyY¥
WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER ¥

System: The Shih rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 8) to cast
these prayers and must spend two Yang Chi. There is no defense
against this attack, and each success inflicts two Health Levels
of aggravated damage. Using this prayer inflicts one Health
Level of damage on the Shih, which cannot be soaked.

These prayers may affect spirits and incorporeal beings.

QIAO OF THEMO KUNG

The Bridge of the Devil Fighter is a potent but exhaust-
ing technique. The demon hunter accesses his own life-force
to do battle with supernatural enemies.

° STEEL SKIN

The Shih increases her Stamina by use of this power.

System: The Shih rolls Stamina + Meditation (diffi-
culty 8). Each success increases the character's Stamina by
one, to a maximum of 8, The character must expend one
Yang Chi. This increase lasts for the duration of the scene.

hd DRAGON'S SPEED

The Shih increases her Dexterity with this power.

System: The character rolls Dexterity + Meditation
(difficulty 8) to employ this ability. Each success increases
the character's Dexterity by one, to a maximum of 8. The
character must expend one Yang Chi. This increase lasts for
the duration of the scene.

coe TIGER'S STRENGTH

The Shih using this ability increases her Strength in
preparation for combat.

System: The Shih rolls Strength + Meditation (diffi-
culty 8) to use this ability. Each success increases the Shih's
Strength by one, to a maximum of 8. The character must
expend one Yang Chi. This increase lasts for the duration of
the scene.

CELESTIAL EYES

The Shih increases her Perception using this level of the
Mo Kung Qiao.

System: The character rolls Willpower (difficulty 7)
to use this power. Each success increases her Perception
Attribute by one, to a maximum of 8. The character must
spend one Yang Chi. This increase lasts for the duration
of the scene.

BODY OF THE DRAGON

The Shih increases all of his Attributes to superhuman
levels.

vvovvevvrvvyvvyvvyvrevywVvyvvyv (vv wvwyewyps wWv"iy?

System: The Shih expends two Willpower and two
Yang Chi in addition to making a Willpower roll (difficulty
8). Each success increases all of the Shih's Attributes by one,
toa maximum of 9. This increase lasts for the duration of the
combat, which is extremely draining and potentially danger-
ous for the character. When the battle is finished, the
character must rest for several hours before he can do more
than walk a few yards.

QIAO OF THEYU AN

The Bridge of the Jade Harmony enables Shih to resist the
powerful "mind tricks" of the shen. To utilize this Qiao, a Shih
must carry jade on her person as a focus for the spirit and mind.

. OPENED EYES

The Shih can see the shen for what they are. The Shih can
also ignore the effects of the Delirium.

System: This step costs one Yang Chi and lasts for one
scene. The character can see wraiths, can detect hsien for what
they are, and can even notice the hengeyokai in their mortal
forms. The creatures that seek to hide their true forms from the
Shih are no longer capable of doing so. This step does not aid
against beings using magic actively to shroud themselves or

change their shape.

bd DIVINE PERCEPTIONS

This power entitles the Shih to view the spirit of another
being. It works like a lie detector for the most part, but the
Shih can also see when a mortal or other entity is possessed
by a demon.

System: The Shih rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty
6) in order to employ this ability. Each success allows the
character a greater level of understanding. With one success,
the character can discern whether or not someone is lying.
With two successes, the character can detect if someone is
under the influence of another entity. With three or more
successes, the character can determine if someone is pos-
sessed; with five or more successes, the character can actually
make out the source of influences that alter another person's
mind.

Use of this ability costs one Yang Chi and lasts for one
scene.

eee WIND TALK

The Shih employing this ability can listen to the deni-
zens of the spirit realms and communicate with them. These
shen are not, however, obligated to respond to any questions
or demands the Shih might make.

System: The Shih rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty
8) and spends one Chi (Yin or Yang, depending on the spirit
world to which the Shih seeks to attune himself), Each
success increases the hunter's ability to hear the voices of the

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


(

\
\\

SEN

spirit realms. With one success, the character hears whisper-
ing noises and must concentrate to interpret those sounds.
With two successes, the character can hear the sounds clearly
if there is no background noise. With three successes, the
character can hear the voices over any but the loudest noises;
with four successes, the character can converse freely with
the spirits, though she might have to move closer if the spirits
are a good distance away. With five successes, the character
can hear everything around her as if the spirits were standing
beside her — which, in some cases, they are — and speaking
in a normal voice. This ability lasts for one scene.

cose CELESTIAL WINDOW

The Shih employing this ability interacts on all levels
with one denizen of the Yin or Yang Realm. For all intents
and purposes, the chosen spirit is on the same level of
existence as the Shih. That spirit can be touched, hurt,
helped or engaged in combat as if both the Shih and the spirit
were in the same place.

System: The character rolls Perception + Occult (diffi-
culty 7) in order to perform this task. The Shih expends one
Yin Chi or one Yang Chi, depending on the realm in which
the spirit dwells, in order to open this spiritual window.
Should the shen flee from the hunter, the hunter can't follow.
This ability lasts for one scene.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER 1

¢4" \
BENE

WV \
Wa nm .
AEANAW \}

Wiad
CELESTIAL DOORWAY

The Shih can actively interact with the spirit worlds;
however, this course of action is not necessarily the wisest to
take. While the character actually remains in the Middle
Kingdom, he can see and affect the Yin and Yang Worlds
around him. Although, the denizens of those realms can
return the favor, and many of them aren't fond of the Shih.

System: The Shih rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty
8) and spends one Yin and one Yang Chi. Once this "door-
way" opens for the Shih, the shen in both spirit worlds are
capable of complete interaction with the Shih, despite the
hunter's remaining in the physical realms, which is seldom
considered a very wise action on the part of the Shih as it
often results in death. The Celestial Doorway lasts for one
scene, or less if the Shih decides to close the door as quickly
as possible.

QLAO OF THE FENG

The Bridge of the Phoenix isa simple, direct and passive
art. By focusing Yin Chi, the Shih can heal wounds on her
body by forcing them to close ~ damaged nerves and arteries
knit themselves back together. The higher the step, the more
effectively she can heal her wounds. The Shih is, in essence,
rebuilding her body at the expense of her life-force. While

vvvev vey

very draining and potentially fatal, the Qiao of the Feng is
the only method most Shih have for enduring the tremen-
dous damage they suffer during combat. In every case, this
ability produces scar tissue.

Note that Chi spent to activate this power still reduces
the character's Health Levels normally; the idea, though, is
that the character heals her critical damage, then restores
Chi-based damage through rest and meditation.

. BARRIER OF PAIN

The Shih can force herself to shut out pain at this level.

System: The Shih rolls Willpower (difficulty 6) in order
to ignore any debilitating effects of damage. For each success,
she can ignore one die of wound penalties. This ability costs
one Yin Chi and lasts for the duration of the scene.

bed THE CLOSING WOUND

At this level, the Shih is able to heal wounds. Bruised
flesh loses its tenderness; wounds knit themselves back
together and leave fresh scars.

System: The Shih rolls Willpower (difficulty 7) in order
to close and heal wounds. If successful, one Health Level of
damage is regenerated; with three or more successes, two
Health Levels are healed. This one doesn't work against
broken bones, severed nerves or burnt flesh, but anything
else can be healed. Further, the Shih can purge his body of
impurities such as poisons and minor diseases at this level,
though it may take a while. This ability costs one Yin Chi.

SPIRITUAL HEALING

The Shih can reknit bones and rebuild nerve tissue with
this ability. This process is painful and often risky if used in
a combat situation. The bones must be reset properly or the
Shih risks crippling herself permanently.

System: The Shih rolls Willpower (difficulty 8). The
Shih regenerates one Health Level of damage for each
success. Bone and nerve tissue reweave into solid, functional
material, though incorrectly set bones cause severe crippling
until they are reset and healed again. This ability costs two
Yin Chi and does not work against damage caused by fire,
acid or other energy/Chi attacks.

ESCAPE FROM DEATH

The Shih using this ability can regenerate even burns
and other energy damage. While very useful, Escape from
Death is also very costly.

System: The Shih rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty
8). For each success, the character recovers one Health Level
of damage. This is a very painful, time-consuming process,
and one Health Level of damage is regenerated per hour, If
the character is disturbed (manhandled or attacked) during
this time, the process ends and any remaining Health Levels

of damage remain unhealed. When the healing is underway,
the character must eat copious amounts of food to replace the
energy used in the process. This ability costs three Yin Chi.

FLAMES OF THE PHOENIX

The character using this ability completely regenerates
herself on a cellular level. This power can't bring a character
back from the dead, but it reverses the effects of radiation
poisoning, cancer, severe trauma and even old age. This reverse
action is the most powerful use of the Qiao of the Feng, and it
frequently leads to exhausting almost all of the Shih's life-force.
Most Shih who are adept enough to understand the principles
of the Flames of the Phoenix still hesitate to use them — the
drain of life-force can kill immediately if performed incorrectly.
On the bright side, they leave behind very healthy-looking
corpses.

System: The Shih spends three Yang Chi, three Yin
Chi, and two permanent Willpower points, then rolls Stamina
+ Occult (difficulty 9). Success allows the character to begin
the day-long process of rebuilding himself from the ground
up. Failure on the Stamina + Occult roll still costs all of the
aforementioned, but nothing happens. Success indicates
that the ill effects of aging, radiation, etc., are removed and
the character goes through a complete bodily restoration.
When done, the character will appear completely different.
Sears fade and are replaced with new skin; bones alter subtly,
changing the shape of the face and even the height of the
character. Fingerprints change, even retinal structure is
altered. The person is, in effect, reborn into a new body. Very
few Shih ever use this ability, as they must be in nearly
perfect health to even attempt it.

QIAO OF THE SHI

The Bridge of the Serpent permits the Shih to focus his Chi
as a destructive force without the benefit of weapons.

° THOUSAND FISTS

The Shih focuses his Yang Chi and cuts loose with
multiple punches. The strikes are superhuman-fast, often
blurring in the air.

System: The Shih rolls Dexterity + Martial Arts (diffi-
culty 7). Each success increases the the damage Dice Pool by
one die. This ability costs one Yang Chi, and the character
must still hit his target successfully. It lasts for one turn.

" SPEAR HAND
The Shih focuses his Yang Chi and ignites the energy around
one hand. This energy ripples the air and bums intensely.
System: The Shih rolls Strength + Martial Arts (difficulty 6)
in order to make his attacks — with the one appendage — inflict
aggravated damage. This ability costs one Yang Chi and lasts for the
duration of the scene.

vvvvvvyvryvyvrvyrtywtfyTwtWwgYt¥éséeoeEFV

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


BURNING GHOSTS

The Shih knight focuses his Chi, allowing him to combat wraiths and spirits of all types. His skin glows with
a golden light, and Chi energies wrap around him. The Shih's body doesn't actually strike the spirits, but the
aura of power surrounding him does.

System: The Shih rolls Strength + Occult (difficulty 7) and spends one

Yang Chi. Success enables the character to strike out against
— wraiths and spirits as if they were Embodied or Materi-
alized. However, the wraiths and spirits cannot return

the favor without Embodying or Materializing. This
ability lasts for one scene.

ecoe STEEL BODY

The Shih focuses his Yin Chi, toughening his
body and increasing his ability to inflict damage. Every
muscle in the Shih's body tautens, and his skin be-
comes far more resilient.

System: The Shih spends two Yin Chi and rolls
Willpower (difficulty 8). Each blow dealt causes ag-
gravated damage, and it's not unusual for a Shih in
this state to literally rip the heart out of an oppo-
nent. The character also gains two extra dice on all
soak rolls while this power is in effect. This ability
lasts for the duration of the scene.

oes THOUSAND SWORDS

The Shih concentrates his Chi, then
lashes out against his enemies in a flurry of
actions. Each strike opens wounds in his
enemy, and the sound of the impacts is
like that of metal striking metal.
System: The Shih rolls Strength +
Occult (difficulty 8). Each success gives
the Shih one additional attack per turn.
All Martial Arts attacks used by a Shih
in this state cause aggravated damage.
This ability costs two Yin Chi and two
Yang Chi to activate and lasts for the
duration of the scene. Once the combat is
over, the Shih must rest immediately. Un-
til he rests, all Physical Attributes are
reduced to 1.

QIAO OF THE CHIEN

The Bridge of the Mirror protects the Shih
from the life-draining powers of the shen. More
importantly, the Shih can actually steal Chi from the
demon and use that Chi against her enemy. The Shih
using this Qiao must choose a weapon through which to
focus her Chi. Traditionalists use an eight-sided mirror
made of metal, while others use a sword or token made from
jade. While the Qiao of the Chien does use the Chi of demons,
it requires the Chi of the demon hunter as well.

vvev wv gwveyvyee+vpsV'ieée?Y

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X


° FROZEN RIVER

The Shih uses her Yang Chi to build a protective barrier
around her own life-force, thus preventing the theft of her
Chi.

System: The Shih spends one YangChiand rolls Stamina
+ Occult (difficulty 6). For each success, all difficulties to
steal her Chi increase by one.

STOLEN SERPENT

The Shih can capture any ranged supernatural attack
directed against him and then send it hurtling back at the
opponent who cast it. This is a dangerous business, as the
Shih must demonstrate perfect timing in order to seize the
mystical energies thrown at him.

System: The Shih spends one Yang Chi and rolls Dex-
terity + Occult (difficulty 8) in order to capture the attack
sent toward him. One success is all that is needed, but failure
means the character takes the full damage from the attack
and cannot soak the damage. In order to return the attack,
the Shih rolls Dexterity + Firearms with normal range
penalties.

CELESTIAL BARRIER

With this power, the Shih temporarily blocks the shen's
ability to take Chi from other sources.

System: The Shih rolls Willpower (difficulty 8) and
spends one Yang Chi. For each success, the target shen is
prohibited from gaining Chi for one turn. The shen may
attempt to block this attack with a resisted Willpower roll
(difficulty 8).

CLUTCH OF THE WAN KUEI

The Shih using this ability is able to steal Chi from a
shen. While stolen Chi is no longer available to the shen,
neither can the Shih use the stolen Chi. It is absorbed into
the weapon used.

System: The Shih spends one Yang Chi and rolls Wits
+ Occult (difficulty 8). For each success, the character steals
one Chi from the target of his next successful attack.

BITEOF THE MU

The Shih using this ability not only steals the Chi from
a target shen, but also uses that Chi in an attack against the
shen. The experience is often heady, sometimes even addic-
tive, for the Shih. This procedure is a very risky one, for it
awakens the Shih's P'o.

System: The Shih rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 8).
Each success removes one Chi from the target shen. On the
next successful attack, the collected Chi may be used to add
aggravated damage (one die per Chi stolen) to the total

damage inflicted on the shen. The Shih spends two Yang Chi
to activate this ability, and sacrifices one Humanity. This
ability lasts for the duration of the combat.

QLAO OF THE LONG LING

The Bridge of the Dragon Ruler involves mental domi-
nation and intimidation. Much as with the shen, Shih
developed these abilities to help them play "mind tricks" on
their enemies. This Qiao uses both Yin and Yang Chi.

° EYES OF THE DRAGON

The Shih stares down an opponent. Intimidation is the
key to avoiding combat successfully.

System: The character rolls Charisma + Intimidation
(difficulty equal to the target's Willpower) and spends one
Yin Chi. Success leaves the opponent too stunned to act for
one tum.

DARK REFLECTION

This power forces the enemies of the Shih to realize the
consequences of their actions. Shih use this power when
pronouncing judgment on a shen.

System: The character rolls Willpower (difficulty of
target's Willpower) and spends one Yin Chi. Each success
reduces the target's initiative Dice Pool by one for the
remainder of the scene, as the target is overwhelmed by
memories of past atrocities committed.

HAUNTED EYES

This power works on Hungry Dead and Restless Dead
alike. Staring into the eyes of an opponent, the Shih forces
the target to relive any time spent in the Yomi World.

System: The Shih spends two Yin Chi and makes a
Perception + Occult roll (difficulty 9). Success overwhelms
the spirit or Kuei-jin with the worst memories of her exist-
ence. Most Kuei-jin enter wave soul, and in any event, the
target cannot take any aggressive action. The target of this
attack can resist with a Willpower roll (difficulty 8, must
exceed the Shih's successes) and the power is nullified if the
target is attacked. This is meant as a punishment and a
reminder of why the shen is tormented.

VOICE OF THE TAMA KINGS

A Shih employing this power can command one spirit to
accomplish one simple task, which must be something the
spirit can actually do, but need not be something the spirit
would be willing to do normally.

System: The character rolls Charisma + Intimidation
(difficulty 8) and spends one Yin and one Yang Chi. The
command given must be simple and direct, such as ordering
the spirit to leave the Middle Kingdom for one year. Spirits

vvvreyvyYvY Www YvYvyiwvyiyv

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

cannot be ordered to harm themselves, but they can be sent
to attack others. The commands must be carefully worded, as
the spirit need only follow the letter of the orders, not their
intent. The spirit may resist this power with a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8).

DIVINE ORDINANCE

The Shih inspires overwhelming fear in all opponents
within visual range.

System: The Shih spends two Yang Chi and rolls Will-
power (difficulty 7). Success inflicts an effect identical to the
Delirium (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse, p. 203). Most
shen flee the area. This power lasts for one scene.

QIAO OF THE MENG

The Bridge of Dreams is employed by the Shih to aid in
spiritual recovery. The violence and constant strain of hunt-
ing demons wear heavily on the minds of the Shih, but this
Qiao aids in recovery and restores mental balance. This
Bridge relies heavily on meditation.

. BALANCE OF THESTIRIT

The Shih can discern the spiritual imbalances of Yin and
Yang and attempt to restore proper order with this power.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

System: The character rolls Perception + Occult (diffi-
culty 9). Success means the character can interpret a target's
internal Chi flow within and discover how to correct the
imbalance. Methods of alteration include meditation (one
day in meditation, without interruptions, corrects one point
of Yin and Yang imbalance) and, in some cases, the use of
herbs to alter the body's Chi.

ee FOCUS OF THE MIND

Shih use a great deal of their Willpower fighting against
shen. This power lets them regain their resolve and once
again perform their sacred duties.

System: The character spends one Yang Chi and rolls
Perception + Meditation (difficulty 6). Each success restores
one point of Willpower. The character must be in a state of
relaxation to use this power.

NIGHTMARE EXORCISM

Many Shih turn to drugs and alcohol in an effort to
alleviate their mental anguish. Shih using this power take a
more direct approach by erasing the memory's emotional
impactand, hopefully, removing the mental scars that memory
creates.

System: The character rolls Wits + Meditation (diffi-
culty 8) in order to isolate a particular event that is causing
emotional stress. Once an event has been separated from the


remaining memories, the character rolls Wits + Occult
(difficulty 8) to exorcise the memory, thus removing that
memory's power to cause pain. This power costs one Yang
Chi. In the process, the character must relive that experience
in vivid detail. A botch on the roll gives the character a new
Derangement (Storyteller's choice); failure leaves the memory
unaffected, and success removes the mental burdens brought
forth by the recalled events. Four or more successes on this
roll can remove an existing Derangement.

soso SELF-EXORCISM

Shih, like all mortals, are subject to the risks of demonic
possession. With this power, the demon hunter engages in
psychic battle with a demon that has successfully managed to
gain entry to her body, acquiring a second chance to expel
the demon.

System: The character rolls Willpower (difficulty equal
to demon's P'o or Rage) and spends two Yang Chi. Success
means the demon's hold is weakened, but the demon can
resist with a P'o or Rage roll (difficulty equal to character's
Willpower). When one or the other of the combatants has
gained 10 successes, the conflict is resolved.

seoee MENTAL DOMINION

A Shih using this power can fully restore her Willpower
and actually weaken her P'o. This ability requires meditation
and fasting.

System: The character spends one full week in medita-
tion while preparing for the internal struggle. This week is
spent reflecting on the sins the character has committed and
the necessity of committing those acts. The character must
fast and cannot participate in any other activities during this
time. When this feat has been accomplished, the character
rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 9) and spends two Yin and two
Yang Chi. Success means complete restoration of the
character's Willpower. Every two successes reduce the
character's P'o by one.

QIAO OF THE ZHU MAO

The Bridge of the Resilient Cat permits the Shih to use
Chi for movement or defense.

. CLOUD WALKING

This power lets the Shih move silently and without
leaving a trail, even while running. The Shih leaves behind
no scent to indicate that he has ever been in the area.

System: The Shih rolls Willpower (difficulty 6) and
spends one Yang Chi. Success means the character moves
slightly off the ground, disturbing only the air with his
passage. This power lasts for one scene.

#A_A_A_A_A _s¢A A _A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

\\

Um

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

" WATER TREADING

With this power, the Shih is able to travel over unstable
surfaces, such as water or quicksand, and to use virtually any
surface, even leaves on a tree, for the purpose of climbing.

System: The character spends one Yang Chi; no roll is
required. The character can safely walk on water or any
unstable surface, even a heavy fog, and she can climb any
surface. Any interference — attacks or blatant distractions
— breaks the character's concentration and nullifies this
power. Otherwise, it lasts for one scene.

coe WINDSTRIKE

The Shih uses an opponent's own momentum to throw
an enemy incredible distances.

System: The character must Throw an opponent per
the Martial Arts rules in Kindred of the East. The character
spends one Yang Chi and increases the target's velocity
tenfold. Each success on the Throw sends the opponent an
additional 20 feet and inflicts one Health Level of damage.

ee MOUNTAIN STANCE

The Shih absorbs the impact of an attack, redirecting
the force into the ground.

System: The character takes a defensive action, rolls
Stamina + Martial Arts (difficulty 7) and spends one Yang
Chi. Success means that all Health Levels of damage aimed
at the character are dispersed into the ground at the character's
feet. While this is normally a safe method of resisting dam-
age, the ground itself takes the impact. Standing on a wooden
bridge or loose soil can have unpleasant side effects, as the
ground beneath the character might dissolve or collapse.

eoooe CELESTIAL WIND

The Shih using this power focuses his Chi to stop a target
from advancing and possibly even sends an opponent crash-
ing backward.

System: The character spends one Yang Chi and rolls
Medicine + Occult (difficulty 8). Success means an ap-
ptoaching target — be it a car, a bullet or a shen — is halted
immediately. Each success beyond the first sends the target
of this power backward at a greater velocity (10 miles per
hour, per success) and inflicts two Health Levels of damage
should the opponent strike any obstacle.

COMBAT MANEUVERS OF THE SHIH
(MO CHI KUNG FU)

The Shih have developed many special attacks over the
years, most designed for combat against specific forms of shen.
Though the Mo Chi Kung Fu (Devil Judgment) is hardly the
only form of martial arts studied by the Shih, it is integral to their


survival. Even with years of training and a few special talents and
abilities, it's always nice to have an edge over your enemies,
especially when they could eat you for lunch if you get sloppy.

For each dot above the first in Martial Arts or Melee, the Shih
may select one of these maneuvers. Thus, a character with a5 in
Martial Arts knows four special maneuvers. In all cases, the
prerequisite for learning these maneuvers is a minimum 4 in
Martial Arts. These attacks are exceedingly specialized and de-
signed to work against particular types of foes — and they can be
used for defense as well as offense. Certain attacks require a sword,
a staff, or throwing darts. At the Storyteller's discretion, Shih
characters might be permitted to purchase Do maneuvers (see
World of Darkness: Combat and The Akashic Brotherhood
for Mage: The Ascension). While the rules below are effective
and designed to work against the supernatural forces of the
Middle Kingdom, the players and Storyteller are still encour-
aged to look to World of Darkness: Combat for greater details
on Shih hand-to-hand techniques.

SNOUT STRIKE

The shapeshifting hengeyokai all have sensitive spots,
and for most of them — the mammalian ones at least — the
snout is a weak point. The Shih learned this early on and
have used it to their advantage when forced to do
battle with a shapeshifter who is in animal or
half-animal form. The Snout Strike isa —~Qeggez
short, vicious jab, or in some cases, a
grab, to the muzzle. When executed
properly, a Snout Strike targets the
nerve ganglia of

the shapechanger, causing intense pain, severe watering
of the eyes, and a weakness in the cognitive functions.

A successful strike inflicts normal damage for a mar-
tial-arts fist strike, but it also reduces the opponent's Dice
Pool by two for one turn per success. A character can
choose to keep the pressure on the sensitive area, but
there's a serious risk: Continued pressure to the nerve
ganglia can cause a hengeyokai to frenzy, at which point,
the effects of the Snout Strike are ignored. This maneuver
is most often used at the beginning of a conflict, to "even
the odds."

Roll: Dex + Martial Arts

Damage: Special

Difficulty: 8
Actions: 1

CHI BREAKER

The Chi Breaker is used almost exclusively against the
Kuei-jin and does exactly what it claims to do. Though the
Cathayans have fewer areas of weakness than many shen,
they do have to worry about their Chi. When this attack is
performed successfully, the effects on the Kuei-jin are imme-
diate and extremely unpleasant.

The Shih spends a point of Yin Chi and a point of
Willpower when the strike is made. The Shih thrusts a hand
into the Kuei-jin's torso and disrupts the natural flow of Chi
within the demon's body. The damage is devastating, and

the Kuei-jin temporarily loses the ability to channel Chi

actively. This technique has saved more than a few demon
hunters from certain death.

The Chi disruption lasts for one turn per

success of the strike, whether or not

the Kuei-jin successfully soaks the

actual physical damage. Addi-

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


tionally, each success above the minimum number needed to
hit the target adds one Health Level of damage to the attack.
Roll: Dex + Martial Arts Difficulty: 8

Damage: Strength + 1 per success Actions: 1

HUNDRED STAR SHOWER

The Hundred Star Shower requires the expenditure of
two Yin Chi, and the Shih must have at least a dozen metal
throwing stars or darts. The Shih charges the shuriken with
her own life-force; the Chi-charged missiles don't look any
different, but their impact is far greater than it would be
under normal circumstances. Each dart thrown does its usual
Strength +1 in damage, but the sacrificed life-force makes
the damage aggravated. Kuei-jin may use Yin Mantle to soak
this damage. Damage for each thrown dart must be rolled
separately.

Roll: Dex + Firearms

Damage: Str + | per dart

Difficulty: 6
Actions: 2

JAW HAMMER

The Jaw Hammer is a powerful blow designed to shatrer
the bones in a target's jaw. Most hengeyokai, Kuei-jin and
hirayanu use their teeth as lethal weapons. By breaking a
shen's jaw in the right manner, that weapon is removed from
the target's arsenal. This attack is very difficult to execute
correctly; furthermore, because of the unusual arm and hand
contortions required to apply the proper force, the Shih
leaves herself open to attack on the following turn. If this

attack fails, the Shih cannot dodge during the next turn.
Shih use this technique only if they're certain they can
survive failing to do it. Three successes are required to
actually shatter the bones in the jaw; this damage is normal
but cannot be soaked. The jaw cannot be used for biting until
all of the damage has been regenerated. With five or more
successes, the damage is aggravated and the bone fragments
must be set before they will heal correctly. A few shen walk
around with oddly shaped jaws as a result of this attack.
Roll: Dex + Martial Arts Difficulty: 8
Damage: Str Actions: 1

FADING LIGHT STRIKE

The Fading Light Strike is used to steal the power from an
opponent. In the case of hengeyokai, Rage is taken, while in the
case of the Kuei-jin, Chi is taken. This strike causes no physical
damage, but the metaphysical effects can be devastating. This is
yetanother attack designed to balance the scales in combat. The
Shih must use a weapon of some length — a sword or a staff —
to execute it. The energy stolen from the demon could well be
corrupted, and no Shih wants to risk infection.

The Shih must understand the anatomy of her enemy and
also comprehend the nature of the power she seeks to remove.
For these reasons, the Shih must have Medicine 3 and Oc-
cult 3, in addition to Martial Arts 4, in order
to perform this maneuver. The Shih
must also spend one Yang Chi upon.

successfully striking the correct
part of her target's body.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X


A_A_A_A_A A _A_A_A_AA_A_A_A_A

Each success removes one Chi, Rage or Quintessence for the
duration of the scene.

Roll: Dex + Melee
Damage: Weapon + Special

Difficulty: 9
Actions: 1

CHAIN SNAKE

The Chain Snake requires a strong rope, whip or chain to use
properly. Many Shih carry a length of chain with weights at either
end, a modified version of the manriki-gusari, with far heavier
weights than usual. This chain, called a demon-braid by the
hunters, is used for the Chain Snake maneuver and to cripple
hengeyokai and other enemies. Many antique chains are laced
with silver, and Shih sometimes add their own silver by melting
coins or stolen jewelry over the heads at either end of the chain.

Demon-braids do Strength +2 damage and have an effective
range of 15 feet in an open battleground. The Chain Snake
maneuver is used to block an opponent's attack while capturing
the attacking limb. At the same time, one end of the chain is used
to counterattack, often at the vitals or face.

The Chain Snake is a very useful attack, but it requires
nerves of steel, as the attacking demon has an open target.
Because of the intricate movement required to wield the chain,
the character must remain an open target in order to perform
the stratagem. If the maneuver is successfully executed, the
Shih avoids an incoming strike, manages to snare one of the

opponent's limbs — setting up that limb for a world of hurt in

the process—and strikes back at the opponent, all in one smooth-
flowing action. A successful attack also gives the Shih an automatic
+3 dice on initiative for the next turn.

A captured limb gives the Shih an advantage in combat, as
that limb can be moved or twisted to slow the attacker, allowing
+2 dice for the purposes of avoiding the shen's nextattack. A failed
attack, though, reduces enemies' difficulty to hit the Shih by two.
While this move can be used with nunchaku and other short
weapons, they can only capture the limb; they cannot be used to
strike back at an enemy.

Roll: Dex + Melee

Damage: Weapon + Special

Difficulty: 7
Actions: 1

TWISTING THRUST

The Twisting Thrust maneuver permits a Shih warrior to cut
deeply into an opponent's body, tuming the blade of her weapon to
inflict a great amount of damage. Once the damage is done, the Shih
follows through with a hip-level throw to knock the opponent off
balance, then she wrenches the weapon free. If performed successfully,
all botched damage dice are ignored and rolled again (on the second
roll, any "1s" stand and are counted as usual). Further, the target suffers
the effect of anormal martial-arts Throw. The damage may be soaked,
as usual, but the enemy is likely to end up on his back with a very large
holeinsomepartofhisbody. The target mustspendoneactiontostand
back up, but prone attacks require no extra actions.

Roll: Dex + Melee Difficulty: 8

Damage: Weapon + 2 Actions: 1

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

PRONE ATTACKS

The ability to fight prone is widely known among the
Shih, who often find themselves overpowered and knocked
to the ground. When prone and facing a standing opponent,
many Shih just stay where they are and continue fighting, as
standing back up takes time. Shih with this maneuver can
perform almost any of their attacks from a prone position.
They suffer no penalties, due to their extensive training, but
all others in this position suffer a +2 difficulty on all attacks
(to a maximum of 10).

DAGGER CLAW

The Shih use this defensive strike against any creature
attempting a Leaping Rake maneuver (see Werewolf: The
Apocalypse or World of Darkness: Combat), though it may
be used against flying kicks if the Shih is prone or kneeling.
Due to years of toughening his flesh and practicing open-
handed strikes on surfaces ranging from trees to concrete
walls and steel beams, the sheer toughness of the Shih's
fingers lets him penetrate flesh without a weapon.

In an uncanny imitation of the hengeyokai's natural
abilities, the Shih spreads the fingers of both hands in wide
rakes and drives them into the underbelly of her attacker,
even as she drops beneath the Leaping Rake. So long as the
shapeshifter is off the ground by more than an inch or two,
the Shih can elevate his foe even higher by using his feet.

The Shih inflicts an amount of damage equal to her own
Strength plus the Strength of her opponent. This damage
may be soaked. The Shih must spend one action climbing
back to her feet or continue fighting from a prone position
after this attack is finished.

Roll: Dex + Martial Arts Difficulty: 8

Damage: Strength + Opponent's Strength Actions: 1

SPECIAL POWERS
(STRIKE FORCE ZERO)

NUMINA

Overits history, Strike Force Zero has recruited a few agents
with special mental abilities, but it does not trust these agents
completely — the unusual abilities these people display are too
similar to the powers of the demons. Also, agents with Numina
tisk losing these special abilities whenever they receive new
implants. A Willpower roll (difficulty 9) is required whenever a
new implant is added. A failure on the Willpower roll increases
the difficulty for all Numina by +1, permanently. A botch on the
roll means one Numina is no longer accessible to the character.


Numina may be obtained only with freebie points, and
each dot of Numina costs 10 points. The experience-point
cost of increasing a Numina to the next level is the current
rating x 8. Shih may not acquire Numina.

CTBER-PSI (PERCEPTION + COMPUTER)

Cyber-Psi, short for Cybernetic Psychic Connection,
seems to have manifested only recently. Agents with this
fledgling capability are able to communicate with computers
without having to access the software in the usual fashion.
Agent Enichi Kawamati was the first agent to display this
talent, which has, so far, been seen only within the agency.
"Wild talents" with Cyber-Psi (including children) are sought
out quickly and recruited; those who refuse recruitment
vanish...for the good of society.

¢ = The character may make "surface scans" of what is
written on a computer at this level. The character can read
the names of programs and even the names of hidden files.
With effort, the character finds hidden access codes to
programs but must enter them manually.

ee At this level, the character can, given several min-
utes of concentration, access the files in a computer and read
the commands written down and the information in the files
themselves.

eee The character can break through compli-

cated security systems and gain access to almost any file.
However, encrypted files are still nothing but gibberish, and
thus make no sense.

ooo Encryption-breaking becomes an easy task
at this level. Command words and decoding methods for any
file the character studies come easily. Extremely complex
encryptions mightstill require several hours to break through.
At this point, the character may, if concentrating and
undisturbed, actually merge with the computer's "conscious-
ness" and operate the computer froma distance. The character
must be in front of the computer, or preferably touching it,
to merge in this method. Most worrisome of all, the character
can actually contract computer viruses, causing dangerous
side effects in the human mind.

eocce The character can, if he is concentrating

and uninterrupted, rewrite the commands within acomputer
system: hide or rearrange files, alter the command pathways

of programs, and even cruise onto the Internet. The same
fatal flaw exists at this level; the character can, potentially,
catch a computer virus, but he will normally be able to
rewrite the virus even if infected.

NECRO-PSI(PERCEPTION + OCCULT)

Necromantic Psychic Ability is a frightening thing. The
character can, when concentrating, communicate with the
dead. However, the dead don't always wish to communicate
back, and even if they do, there's a serious risk of possession
at the higher levels of this Numina. Necro-Psi is risky in the
extreme, and most who perform it risk their sanity and souls
as well as their lives.

« At this level, the character can hear the dead
speaking, but only if she concentrates. Actual communica-
tion isn't possible, but hints and clues might be revealed if an
agent with this talent takes the time to hear what the dead
are saying.

oo The character can speak to the dead, but
the best the dead can hear is apparently a whisper. Each
question the agent asks might require a dozen or more
repetitions before the dead respond, and there's no guarantee
of an answer.

ooo The character can be heard plainly by thedead,
which is not always good. Characters using this Numina often find
themselves gaining unwanted attention from the dead, and they are
sometimes the victims of a full-scale haunting.

eee5e The dead seemingly are drawn to characters
at this level. Many ghosts come around toexamine the character
with the same fascination that a barracuda gives to something
that is bright and shiny. Worse, the character begins having
trouble controlling his Necro-Psi; from time to time, the power
doesn't want to shut off once it's been turned on. The character
hears the voices of the dead almost constantly, and even though
they might not say anything of importance, the mental noisecan
lead to severe distraction or insomnia.

eccce The character can communicate freely with
the dead and can get answers to almost any question — except
about what existence is like on the other side; for some reason,

NUMINA CHART

Phenomenon Effect
Cvber-Psi Te
Neero-Psi Te

Telehanesis Mind over matter

pathy with computers

spathy with the dead

Cvberkinesis Mind control of computers

Roll

Per + Computer

Difficulty

Por + Occult
Willpower

Por + Computer Varies

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

A_A_A_A_~A_A A A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

the dead don't like to talk about that. Ifthe characterseemed like
ashiny play-toy to the dead before, she now seems likea buming
sun. Ghosts are instantly attracted whenever the character
communicates, and many characters at this level of talent find
the dead want something more. Opening up for discussions with
the dead is almost like inviting them to step inside and take over
for a while. (Puppeteers have far less difficulty Soul-riding a
character at this level of Necro-Psi; all difficulties are reduced by
three.) Worst of all, there are dark forces out there beyond the
grave, and they seem particularly interested in communication
with the living. Unfortunately, what they have to say isn't very
nice. Many agentsat this level of power refuse to use their talents
any longer, and those who don't refuse sometimes end up
committing suicide.

TELEKINESIS (WILLPOWER)

Telekinesis is the ability to move objects with the power of
the mind. Unlike other Numina, this ability not only costs
Willpower, but also requires the use of Yang Chiat higher levels.
This is a crude method of movement at best, and unless the
character has practiced and studied fora very long time, it's often
useless.

. The character can move a weight
of roughly one pound and is capable of only the crudest move-
ments. It requires substantial concentration.

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

ee The character can lift approximately five
pounds and hold the item off the ground by concentrating.
Objects can be manipulated, but control is shaky at best. The
agent might be able to turn a doorknob or retrieve an object just
out of reach before the stress causes exhaustion.

ooo The character can lift around 20 pounds
and maintain a mental grip on that object as readily as he
moves the same object with his hands. Physically awkward
shapes, such as barbells or sledgehammers, remain cumbet-
some despite the ability to carry them. The character must
concentrate to manipulate these items.

oees The character can easily lift 50 pounds

and is capable of complex manipulations, such as writing a
letter with a pen that is across the room. At this level, the
character must spend one Yang Chi to carry any substantial
weight (more than 20 pounds) for more than one turn.

ee Thecharactercan catch a full-grown person and
keep him off the ground for several minutes before the stress
becomes overwhelming. The character can also multitask
{poura cup of coffee, write a letter, and juggle), provided that
she continues to concentrate on the process. The character
expends one Yang Chi to manage this throughout the scene.
Any break in concentration requires the character to spend
another Yang Chi before beginning again.


a _A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CYBERKINESIS (PERCEPTION + COMPUTER)

Cyberkinesis is the ability to access and gain control of
acomputer. Whereas Cyber-Psi permits a character to com-
municate with a computer, Cyberkinesis allows him to seize
control of the electronic "brain" violently. There is nothing
subtle or delicate about the Numina. At higher levels, the
character can make the computer do tasks that are beyond its
normal abilities. Simple computers are easy to handle, with
difficulties of only 4 or 5, but more complex computers
become harder to control. A computer designed to maintain
an entire building's environment and keep track of power
flow might require a roll versus difficulty 8 or 9 to possess it,
while computers used for programming the Space Shuttle's
trajectory would likely require a roll versus difficulty 9 or 10.

This Numina costs one Willpower per use.

. The character can activate or turn off a
computer or stereo system with a thought. Who needs a
remote control?

ee The character can activate any program

within a computer, provided that he knows the computer has
that particular program.

eee The character can give a computer the

equivalent of an epileptic seizure, thus scrambling all pro-
gtams with a thought, and she can keep those programs
mixed up as long as she concentrates.

ooee The character can override the most com-

plex computer security systems by shutting down individual
programs and making others work against their original
programming. This feat requires complete concentration.

eocece Given enough time, the character can
reprogram a computer to do any task it is physically
capable of handling. The guidance system on a nuclear
warhead could be reprogrammed to return to its desti-
nation, but it still wouldn't be able to switch the
channels on a television.

STRIKE FORCE ZERO SPECIAL
ENHANCEMENTS

To give themselves an edge in battles against the shen,
SFO agents often graft high-technology implants onto their
bodies. These devices enable the agents to hold their own
against supernatural opponents, but at the cost of the agents'
Humanity.

All SFO agents begin with two implants, typically emo-
tion suppressors, psi-band radios, and/or sheaths. Further
implants require purchasing the Arsenal Background.

CYBERWARE AND WETWARE

There are different types of internalized equipment that
can be used when rebuilding or enhancing agents. The
easiest equipment to install and repair is cyberware —
mechanical implants designed more for function than for
appearance. Cyberware is hard technology: stainless-steel
replacements for bones and hardened plastics for protection,
with wiring when necessary. Kindred of the East gives afew
examples of cyberware in the Finger Needler and Subdermal
Armor. These examples are hardware, pure and simple.
They're designed with a straightforward purpose and, while
concealable, are fairly easy to detect with the right equip-
ment.

SFO also uses wetware, or bioenhancements, which are
devices designed to mimic organic materials. Wetware im-
plants are virtually undetectable and require bioelectrical
energy tokeep them functioning. The primary ingredients in
most of these enhancements are provided by nanites (micro-
scopic robots programmed for certain functions) and cloned
flesh that has been genetically altered to produce the proper
results. Most major enhancements use cloned material from
agents' own bodies.

The differences between these two types of equipment
are more than cosmetic. When serious firepower is needed,
cyberware is a better bet: Each type of implant requires
energy to continue functioning, but cyberware is designed to
take ammunition in many cases and is far easier to "reload."
The risk of malfunction is slightly higher with cyberware,
though, and cyberware typically lacks the versatility of
wetware.

Wetware is designed more for functionality and less for
use as a weapon. Also, it is better for replacing vital organs
and is more adaptable to unusual situations. Most cyberware
enhancements are meant to be treated roughly, while the
majority of wetware ones are designed to add new and often
subtle changes to the agents who employ them.

Cyberware and wetware do have a characteristic in
common, though: Both require bioelectrical energy to keep
them active. When "dormant," the energy needed to use
these implants is minimal, but when used actively, the levels
of energy drain are often substantial. Cyberware requires an
expenditure of Yin Chi, while wetware requires Yang Chi.

Strike Force Zero agents can use only a certain amount
of their life-force before what remains becomes impossible to
reach. SFO characters have 10 Chi total, just as with every-
one else. This Chi is what powers the cyberware and wetware
in the agents' bodies. Just as with the Shih, the agents can
gain access to an amount of each type of Chi equal to their
ratings in certain Virtues. Self-Control determines how
much Yin Chia character can access, while Courage dictates
how much Yang Chi can be used. Thus a character with a
Self-Concrol of 5 and a Courage of 2 would be able to use five
Yin Chi and two Yang Chi.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


BIOENHANCEMENTS

Each of the following enhancements can be added at the cost of one dot in the
Arsenal Background.

EMOTION SUPPRESSORS

Emotion suppressors are wetware marvels that pre-
vent a character from panicking and from suffering the
effects of the Delirium, the Mists, or the Veil. While
they are amazingly effective, these suppressors have
unpleasant side effects: They don't remove the
memory of what a character has seen; thus, many
Strike Force Zero agents suffer from chronic and
debilitating nightmares. It's this very side effect that
Strike Force Zero desires, as it cements the agents'
hatred of the shen.

System: This device costs one Yang Chi per day.

ILLS

Although they're seldom implanted in agents,
wetware gills are useful in cases where dam-
age to the lungs or trachea has
occurred. Unlike natural gills,
which simply filter oxygen from
water, these gills are built into
the body of the agent in several
key locations. Gills not only fil-
ter oxygen, but they also store it
_. for emergency situations and even
. tecycle it from carbon dioxide pro-
duced by human exhalation. An
agent can ignore the effects of
many toxic gases as a result merely
by holding her breath.
System: Yang Chi is used ev-
ery time the character has to use
her gills for an extended period
(more than a minute).

| NIGHT ETES

These mechanical eyes, modeled on those of cats, are
equally functional in normal light or complete darkness.

System: Unexpected and intense light can blind a
character with night eyes momentarily, but after one turn,
the eyes compensate for the change in lighting with no ill
side effects. There is no Chi cost for using night eyes.

VIDEO EYES

Video eyes contain very small, organic cameras capable
of recording every action and gesture seen by an agent for up
to one hour. Retrieval of the information requires removal
of the eye — which, in turn, means surgery. Video eyes can
even record sound for the same length of time.

System: Each use of a video eye requires one Yang Chi.

vvevyvvevVyvVv vv Vv Ww VY

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

SPY EYES

Spy eyes are detachable eyes that can be left in a
location, or even move to new locations within a few feet of
where they were initially placed (the eye sprouts six minia-
ture legs that give it limited mobility — an added bonus if it's
seen by anyone or anything in the room). While left in place,
the agent can clearly see whatever the eye sees.

System: The agent can't use that eye to see anything else
while it's detached, which causes a disastrous case of double
vision. Also, the eye must be sterilized before it can be
replaced in its socket. Every use of a spy eye requires the
expenditure of one Yang Chi.

LIMB REPLACEMENTS

Despite the title, limb replacements seldom involve
removing entire limbs. More probable is that a portion of a
limb too grievously injured to be repaired is replaced and
bonded with the original limb.

Important to note is that the weapons placed on the
body are dangerous and often awkward. A ranged weapon
that fires from the calf or ankle might be useful in a dire
situation, but it isn't likely to be used under normal circum-
stances, as aiming it is difficult.

Due to the risks of accidentally firing these weapons,
several safety factors have been incorporated. In addition to
concentrating on the weapon, an agent must also loudly and
clearly speak a command phrase. At least that's what agents
have been told. Some agents remain convinced the com-
mand phrase was added in, so the good doctors could get a
chuckle or because they're overeager fans of anime. The
drawback is that the weapons are difficult to use in stealth
situations — then again, it's hard to muffle the report of a
pulse cannon, anyway.

PULSE CANNONS

Pulse cannons are reliable and lethal. These weapons
store bioenergy, then release it as a volatile energy field
designed to disrupt the bioelectrical field of anything they
hit.

System: Awkward placement on the body can defi-
nitely impede use of this weapon, and the Storyteller should
feel free to add penalties for any placement of this weapon
below the waist. Each use of a pulse cannon drains two Yin
Chi from the user, which makes it very much a last-resort
weapon. (Diff. 6, Damage 8, Rate 1, Clip 1, Range 60)

TASERS

These implants work just like regular tasers but have no
range. Tasers are used only while in close quarters with
supernatural opponents, as the charge in these weapons
would kill any human target. When engaged, microfine

needles erupt from the agent's concealing skin and jab into
the target. Half second later, they release a 500-volt charge
at 100 amps — roughly enough energy to quick-fry a bull
elephant. Note: The damage these tasers produce is aggra-
vated on all shen save Kindred and Kuei-jin. Vampires have
no need for their internal organs, but all other shen do
(excluding wraiths, who are completely unaffected).

System: Using a taser costs one Yin Chi, and missing
means the character is likely to suffer the damage himself.
(Diff. 5, Damage 7, Rate 1, Clip 0, Range 0)

REJUVENATORS

One of the best designed and most cautiously used
wetware implants is the rejuvenator. Rejuvenators are, quite
simply, small nanite armies implanted within the bodies of
agents for the sole purpose of keeping them alive. These
nanites are designed to patch up grievous injuries on de-
mand. Closing wounds, stopping internal bleeding, and even
restarting organs that no longer function properly are all part
of the services rendered. Rejuvenators can mend broken
bones and even reweave damaged nerves by grafting them-
selves to the nerves as.a combination bridge and replacement.

System: The nanites require one Yang Chi to regenerate
each Health Level of damage done, and the limitation on
how much Yang Chi can be spent still applies. Thus a
character with a 4 Courage rating could regenerate up to four
Health Levels, and no more.

SHEATHS

A sheath is a wetware pocket in the leg or arm of an
agent. These pockets allow the agent to conceal a weapon or
valuable item that would otherwise be confiscated on sight.
Sheaths work as more than simple carrying cases; they also
hide the items placed within them from most forms of
detection, including X-rays and metal detectors. Once sealed,
a sheath is undetectable to touch or sight, as the skin closes
completely and the soft tissues around the sheath are de-
signed to mimic human flesh.

System: When opening a sheath, an agent effectively
has to concentrate no more than she would to flex her arms.
The same goes for closing a sheath, but when hiding some-
thing from electronic detection, the agent must spend one
Yang Chi. Many agents have sheaths implanted to let them
carry their striker guns wherever they go. In the case of striker
guns, the sheath must be placed in the leg.

CTBERCLAWS

Cyberclaws are ideal weapons for close combat. These razor-
keen bladescan be placed at the ankles, wrists, elbows and knees, and
extend a full eight inches from the body. The mechanical joint
housing the hollow, but very strong, metallic claws allows a wide
range of motion, so an agent with cyberclaws in his wrists, for
example, couldrotate the blade toface in front ofhis handortoeither
side of his hand.

vvovovvivivyvvVyTvvyvetqwe?g'ra«'#vw»epvVVYiYVY Vv

CHATTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

1

y

GRENADES

‘nts use various sorts of grenades, including

SMOKE GRENADES

Smoke grenades are roughly the same shape and size as a finger, and most are launched through the user's index finger.
System: These grenades produce a thick, black smoke and reduce the visual Perception of evervene within their radius by four.
(Diff. 6, Damage 0, Rate t, Clip 5, Range 20, Radius 15)

TEAR GAS GRENADES

‘Tear gas grenades resemble smoke grenades, but victims within the radius of the gas — unless they're wearing protective gear
or immune to the effects — not only suffer the same penalties for sight Perception, but also suffer +2 difficulties to all actions as

a result of the fumes and irritant chemicals. Tear yas works by affecting the mucus membranes, the tear ducts and the skin. When

hit hy this gas, targets' eyes water uncontrollably, their noses run and their skin feels as though it's been soaked in gasoline and ignited.

System: Very few people or shen can tolerate the effects without extreme duress. Kuei-jin, no longer having functioning bodie:
per se, are immune tothe worst effects, but they still suffer from visual impairment. (Diff. 6, Damage { — plus incapacitation, Rate
1, Clip 5, Range 20, Radius 15)

INCENDIARY GRENADES

These phosphorous bombs are given to agents onfy when superiors are convinced thar the agents might need them.

System: The fast-burning incendiaries cause seven Health Levels of damage to anvthing caught within the blast radius. More
importantly, they continue to burn for several minutes, unless put out with an oxvgen-depleting extinguisher. Even after the
phosphorus fire is catinguished, the material must be kept from any fuel in order to avoid its ceigniting. (Diff. 6, Damage 7 per turn,
Rate 1, Clip 3, Range 20, Radius 15)

STEEL-FOAM GRENADES

Stecl-foam grenades explode ina smaller radius than most, but anything caught within their area of effect is immediately
covered ina fast-hardening glue that is almost as strong as the device's namesake. This viscous substance hardens within
seconds and can be removed only by using the correct chemical solution.

System: Any forcible attenipts to remove the substance from flesh probably result in grievous injury. The steel-toam glace
has 12 Health Levels and an effective Stamina,of 8 for the purpose of soaking. (Diff. 6, Damage 0, Rate L, Clip 7, Range 20,
Radius 3}

ICE GRENADES

Tee grenades vontain a small explosive and £0 liquid ounces of Freon gas. Anything caught by these deadly weapons suffers
from the nasty stigma of being frozen to near absolute zero instantaneously.

System: Even those outside the immediate blast radius suffer debilitating frostbite if the Freon hits open skin. (Diff, 6, Damaze
10, Rate 1, Clip 3, Range 20, Radius 10)

CONCUSSION GRENADES

This type of grenade causes damage just as standard grenades do, bat all of the force sustained comes from kinetic ene
is no flame or fragmentation. by short, only the very unlucky manage fo sustain serious injuries from these weapons.

System: All damage recorded is considered "temporary," and most victims recover within an hour of being hit. Deafness is still
a possibility, however, as the eardrum is a sensitive . +6, Damage 10, Rate L, Clip 6, Range 20, Radius 12)

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

vveovrevev7vvTvVv Vv vVvvypeéwyejovVvVYVvyve' Vv VW iW

A_4 A A A A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

vvvvvvVvv Vv VW WW VW WY WY VY WY VWOV OY

System: A command phrase is needed to activate the cyberclaws
— the agent decides what the command is, but she better choose
carefully if she wants to avoid unsightly accidents — and there is an
expenditure of one Yin Chi to bring the claws out. (Diff. 6, Damage 7,
Range 0)

PSI-BAND RADIO

A psi-band radio is a simple device that most agents prefer to use.
This cyberware device permits communication with other members of
aZero Team withina one-mile radius. The radio nuns from the left ear
to the left side of the jaw and is activated by touching a spot at the
base of the jaw. Despite the name, no psionic talent is involved
in the device's use. The radio operates on a wavelength that is
remarkably close to the same frequency as the brain,
however, anda few "sensitives" can hear radios being used
nearby.

System: There is no Chi cost for using a psi-
bandradio. Manyteamsbecomeadeptatusing <==,
psi-band radios as a means of coordinating "~
attacks while in the field.

my

SNAKE FANGS

Snake fangs are simple cyberware devices implanted into agents'
palms. The fangs allow the agent to inject synthetic venom in hand-
to-hand combat. Small air guns inject the poison without the need for
needles. Most agents prefer to use fast-acting but nonlethal neurotox-
ins.

System: The character must successfully attack an opponent.
This poison will incapacitate most humans, but the results aren't quite
asreliable on the shen. Asanadded bonus, the snake fangs immediately
deliver an antidote into any agent who injects himself with the poison
accidentally. Activating snake fangs costs one Yin Chi.

ENHANCERS

Enhancers are cybernetic limbs designed to mimic regular
limbs, but with an added bonus or two. These lightweight syn-
thetic limbs almost perfectly mimic the functions of their human
counterparts — though they have no pulse and the body tempera-
ture is still a few degrees cooler. Enhancers are more durable than
living flesh (+3 soak dice). While they permit a certain amount of
sensation, they are no longer as capable of recognizing simple
textures as they once were — but they can, when necessary, boost
the agent's natural strength substantially.

System: On demand, and with the proper code word
spoken, these limbs give their user a +5 Strength for one
scene. It should be noted, however, that the increased
strength is only in that limb and not in the surrounding
natural tissues. A chain is only as strong as its weakest
link, and human flesh tends to rip when abused. En-
hancers are best used for punching or crushing, unless the
agent is very cautious. Each use of enhancers costs one Yin
Chi.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

A_A_A _A_A_A _A_aA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

VIBROBLADES

Vibroblades can be placed into synthetic limbs with little
or no difficulty. These razor-sharp, microfine blades are very
good at turning whatever they touch into the equivalent of
shredded wheat, but they are also exceedingly dangerous to the
person using them. Missing a target in close quarters is a good
way to end up with another limb missing. Vibroblades work so
quickly and cut so deeply that they don't actually cause pain
until a few seconds after the wound is opened. Careless agents
are likely to kill themselves if they face a superior martial artist.

System: The cost for using vibroblades is one Yin Chi.
(Diff. 6, Damage Str +4, Range 0)

GRENADE LAUNCHERS

An agent can have a grenade launcher placed into an
artificial limb. The type of grenade fired varies by preference,
and once chosen, only that type can be fired without risking a
possible jammed barrel. Several types are listed below, and in all
cases, the grenades can be thrown as well. Each use of a grenade
launcher expends one Yin Chi, and the limb from which the
grenade is fired must be straightened completely to allow the
missile to leave the launcher safely.

INTERNAL TRACKING GEAR

The ITG is SFO's latest miracle of wetware. The device is
designed to allow an agent to track a moving target, even if she
is temporarily blinded or dazzled. The wetware works in con-
junction with the user's brain and motor reflexes, effectively
"locking on" to a target each time the agent takes aim and fires.
Once locked on, the ITG keeps a trace on the target and
maintains it until the agent's mind relaxes from combat mode.
As long as the agent's body chemistry indicates a violent or
stressful situation, the ITG continues tracking the target regard-
less of the rest of the agent's senses. In short, whether blinded,
deafened or stunned, the agent can maintain the ability to hita
target once that target has been sighted. With the desire to pull
the trigger, the ITG moves the agent's weapon hand to whatever
location is needed to fire on an enemy. Furthermore, the ITG is
designed to assist with the initial aiming of the agent's weapon.

The R & D team remains firm in the conviction that it has
removed the bugs from this system, and it doubts sincerely there
will be another case where an agent can sight his weapon only
on his own foot. The scientists maintain that the "foot removal
incident" was a one-time fluke.

System: The user gains a +2 to all Firearms and Melee
(to hit only, not to the actual damage caused) rolls when
the ITG is active. Activation costs one Yang Chi.

WEB SPINNERS

Web spinners are cyberware pumps and reels designed to eject
a fast-drying, steel-hard paste. This gluey substance works as a close
encounter restraint and long-range snare, depending on the desires
of the user. As with virtually all of the Strike Force's intemal

weaponry, both the mental desire and a verbal command are
required to activate the web spinner. The actual barrels of the paste
guns are implanted in the fingertips of the agent, which allows a
literal point-and-shoot targeting method. The glue produced re-
mainshardandslightlyflexibleuntil theproperchemical compounds
are used to dissolve it.

System: Diff. 6, Damage 0*, Rate 1, Clip 4, Range 40

*The glue released by the web spinners is exceedingly strong,
with eight Health Levels and an effective Stamina of 6 for the
purposes of soaking damage. Activation costs one Yin Chi.

FIELD ARMOR

The rarely seen Series IV Portable Analysis and Assault
Station, or "Field Armor" as the agents continually call it, is a
miracle of modem science. The lightweight alloy of the armor
covers the head and chest, with additional attachments for
combat gloves and boots.

The built-in analysis center includes an electron micro-
scope and a forensics lab for identifying fingerprints, fiber
samples, blood samples and erroneous genetic material. While
the field armor is very useful for analysis, it still requires several
hours to identify individual recorded data and a modem hookup
to permit the data flow to and from SFO Headquarters. The
armor can be used for parabolic long-range hearing, scanning
radio waves — don't get caught playing your favorite station —
and infrared and ultraviolet scans, as added protection.

This armor is extraordinarily rare and highly experimental.
Few SFO agents are permitted even tosee it, let alone use it in the
field.

System: As with all of Strike Force Zero's most delicate and
advanced equipment, each suit of field armor is attuned to an
individual's bioelectrical patterns. Special sensor pads placed at
each temple, just under the surface of the skin, permit a user to
use mental commands alone for activating the special equip-
ment. The armor gives the wearer Class Two protection over the
head and torso. [thas minimal power systems, but for activation
of the physical enhancers built into the combat gloves and
boots, one Yang Chi must be spent.

The combat gloves and boots increase the user's Strength
by two for the purpose of attacking. They do not grant any
additional bonuses for lifting, as the tissues beneath the armor
are not strong enough to compensate for the lift differential.
Space is provided for use of each individual's implants, and
additional weapons could, theoretically, be added to the armor,
which is still experimental and in need of proper refinement —
the delicate sensor arrays have a tendency to malfunction if the
armor is damaged.

KEYPADS

Keypads are implanted cyberware designed to give the user
access to secured systems. When in use, microcomputers built
directly into the systems analyze any locking mechanism or
computer security system andseek the best method for bypassing
the physical or electronic defenses. Descramblers built into the

vvvevevywyrvyveywre+wéeéégv.eqQw'?éee?'evpeq+qwvpregewvpeée+q_yprié+tqyiéilvysétey

WORLD OF DARKNES: DEMON HUNTER X

mechanisms can decode most known encryptions and are "smart" enough to add in new
codes as they break them. Keypads are implanted in the hands of a user and are always
working.

System: Keypads reduce the difficulty of all Security and Lockpicking rolls by
three but require several minutes to analyze most entry deterrents fully.

Keypads require one Yin Chi per day, but only if they are in an active mode,
otherwise, the drain of bioelectrical energies is minimal.

KABUKI MASKS

Due to the delicate nature of espionage, the Strike Force has designed anew
implant recently for placement under agents' facial skin. This device, a Kabuki
mask, is designed to alter the shape of an agent's face in subtle ways. The length on
and width of the nose, the shape of the eyes, the height of the cheekbones, and hie
the length of the jawline can be altered enough to change a person's
appearance completely. Even the apparent age can be altered because the
mask increases or decreases the amount of tension on the flesh. The same
principle works to alter the tone of voice by changing the tension on the
vocal chords. This process is painful and takes several minutes to make the
alterations. It has already proved effective.

System: Activation of the Kabuki mask requires one Yang Chi, but
once activated, it maintains the new facial persona until the agent either
requires a new face or wishes to resume his previous identity. While the
mask isn't capable of allowing the agent to redesign his face to match the
appearance of someone else, modifications are underway and will hope-
fully permit changes to the hairline and allow a preprogrammed set of
false identities in the near future.

"

vvrvvyvvyvpvVvy wT WT Vv vy VvVvvywvyesw'vypewew'vyeswvywes+jluvwyésvVyVievy v

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

»

@

This chapter is for the Storyteller only. There are some
things that players are meant to learn in the course of the
story, not beforehand. If you are a player and enjoy solving
mysteries during the course of the game, please stop reading
now. If you're the Storyteller, read on.

vvyvvyveyvypesvyvrevyespesvyvevypséieypsé#jéwywesyeséy~sé+qwy=séétwwy?ésYwyséitwWw?'Y'?yw?yyYvyY Yv
CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

THE REAL HISTORY BEHIND STRIKE FORCE
LERO

Strike Force Zero has been around a lot longer than the
players are meant to know. There is a degree of truth in the
history given in Chapter Two, but there are also a lot of
falsehoods.

Geichin Okamoto is the founder of Strike Force Zero.
He does, indeed, have very influential friends in the Japanese
government who make certain that the Strike Force is taken
care of and allowed to continue; however, there is also a great
deal more pressure to shut down the organization than
Okamoto lets on. (In the course of time you might want to
drop a few hints about that fact.)

SFO didn't start working actively until 1989. However,
its progenitor was founded in 1952. The Force started as a
covert action team and dealt heavily in espionage. The
moneys used to create DTI and Strike Force Zero were a
result of stealing technological secrets from rival companies
and selling them to the highest bidder, while making sure
DTI got a good deal of the bounty.

Okamoto founded SFO, but he didn't run it until much
later. He was far too busy working as an agent and building
the connections that give him so much freedom now. While
much of the country was planning new methods for surviving
the defeat of the Empire of the Rising Sun, Okamoto was
putting his own plans into action.

Strike Force Zero started off working in a field that is all
too familiar to most countries these days: industrial espio-
nage. On one occasion, Okamoto smiled to his closest friends
and said: "The warfare of the past is obsolete. Wars now are
fought with economic might and won by those who have the
newest toys. We will win this war." To date, his statement
rings true — DTI is one of the largest, most powerful
privately owned corporations in the world market.

What Okamoto doesn't know, or perhaps has refused to
see, is that his efforts have been supported since the early ‘50s
by a power behind the scenes. Okamoto's plans have always
been to build an organization that could work toward remov-
ing the supernatural threats from Japan and other countries.
To that end, he has used any means he could find, ranging
from espionage — industrial and political — to blackmail
and bribery. Okamoto has dedicated himself to bringing the

DEMON HUNTER X

vvvvyvev7wyvvyvyrvyewvyrey,:sSfV'YiV'YY_YY¥"sgYVy


war against the supernatural out into the open, all the while
maintaining the secrecy of his organization and increasing
the power base of SFO. And others with similar ends have
been making certain he accomplishes these goals along the
way.

The Zaibatsu — the Japanese branch of the Technoc-
racy —- is a very subtle group, but a very dangerous one,
nonetheless. The Zaibatsu's philosophy of what reality should
be is somewhat extreme, though its intentions are noble
enough. The Zaibatsu is powerful, wealthy beyond compre-
hension, and often ruthless in the pursuit of its goals. While
Okamoto might stop himself from going to dangerous ex-
tremes in making his dreams a reality, the Zaibatsu has no
intention of stopping for any reason whatsoever. Its ylgj
goal is one all too familiar to the world's m:
"reality deviants" (ie., »» shen) and mg

enlightenment of the human
The Zaibatsu is responsi

speeded Japan's rebirtl
nation; but, it worked

espionage, and no off
found out what the

manipulated its own Sleepers i
certain Okamoto is too busy worry tae
links" in his power base to fret about
infiltration of the Strike Force.

SFO's existence was deliberately leaked to the world
powers only a decade ago. Until that point, the Zaibatsu
didn't feel comfortable enough with its own hold over the
agency to risk exposure. That's no longer a serious concern
for the Japanese Technocracy; it has what it wanted all along
— a powerful ally capable of handling the dirty work of
monster-slaying.

But even the Zaibatsu isn't omnipotent. There are
certain difficulties in running Strike Force Zero that Okamoto
alone seems capable of handling. The agreement allowing
SFO to work in other countries is very shaky and includes
only a few of the major Asian countries. Europe, the Middle
East and the United States are all officially unaware of the
organization, and they intend it to stay that way.

Rar

ON THE ZAIBATSU

The Zaibatsu is the Japanese branch of the Technoc-
tacy, apart ofa much larger operation. As with any group, the
Zaibatsu has its own agenda. While the Technocracy has
plans for the human race as a whole, the Zaibatsu has more
immediate plans for Japan.

The Zaibatsu wants it to be first among nations in technol-
ogy and prosperity. To that end, Japan has gone much farther
than many other countries in the matter of public awareness.
The Zaibatsu has aided in corporate growth, certainly, but it has
also worked to ensure that everyone knows the value of technol-
ogy. The animated shows seen on television often reflect the
's values regarding importance of superior technology
Eregnphasizing the abilities of science to replace

gad protect the world from alien menaces.
a: altering the paradigm of Japan

° us far — despite a few recent

very successful. Many of the
g Zero would fail to work

A because the Zaibatsu is
pf the Technocracy is

LARS

100 years. For now,
eq in most parts of the

undane. Still, most of
all of the implants, are

m the user. As SFO agents
five no access to the ambient

ae@ffely. It fears, ohare rightly so, that the
095 ick being handed over to the Strike Force could
stretch the limits of acceptability and inspire a great Paradox
backlash. Only time will tell.
The Zaibatsu, for its part, cares little for the opinion of
its global brethren. After all, until the end of World War II,
the Zaibatsu was barely acknowledged by the Technocracy.
It did little to change the paradigm and less to end the threat
of reality deviants. That's changed a great deal, but many of
the same people who were in power in the past are still in
power today. And the leaders of the Zaibatsu have a long
memory for slights. The balance of power within the Tech-
nocracy is changing, and the Zaibatsu is doing everything it
can to make certain it is at the top of the pyramid when the
tectonic shifts finally occur.

CHATTER FOUR: STORYTELLING

"7
6I


A_A_A._A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

RELATIONS WITH OTHER NATIONS

Strike Force Zero is, for lack of a better phrase, a shadow
organization. Even in supposedly "allied" nations, agents are
typically treated with a minimum of tolerance. It's often best
to sneak into other countries, as most agents find it hard to
work discreetly while constantly escorted, harassed or shad-
owed by agents from the countries they're visiting.

Aside from fears of discovery by legitimate powers, many
of the groups the Strike Force hunts — both human and shen
—have their own influences in the government forces. If the
"bad guys" have a better hold over the government forces
than the Strike Force has, the agents could all too easily find
themselves handed over to their targets on a silver platter.

THE ASTAN UNDERWORLD

Take everything negative you've heard about the Mafia
in the United States and multiply it by a heavy factor. That's
a hint of what the criminal underworld in Asia is about. The
criminal minds in the Middle Kingdom have honed their
illegal skills over centuries of practice.

Drug trafficking, slavery, prostitution, arms dealing and
black marketeering are as solid a part of life in the Orient as
spices and rice. Despite Asia's abundance of resources, pov-
erty beyond anything imaginable in the U.S. is also a regular
aspect of life in many areas. Some families sell their children
to victimizers because they can't afford to feed them, let
alone raise them.

The philosophy of life in much of Asia differs radically
from what most people in the West can comfortably under-
stand. Though many of Asia's younger generations are
beginning to turn away from long-held tradition, much of the
region still adheres to strict disciplines that would seem
almost cruel to the typical middle-class American family.
Things are as they are because they have always been so; one
is to accept one's place in society and life with little question.
For that reason, the criminal organizations have little trouble
working in fairly open ways. Better the devil you know, after
all...

Silence is also a powerful force in most of Asia. People don't
speak about their problems unless the person they speak to is as
close as family. The tongs and triads thrive on the insularity of
the communities in which they dwell. Some of the criminal
empires in Asia are centuries old and better established than the
legitimate governments. More importantly, those very same
organizations often offer the only real economy in some areas. If
not for the money they generate and the jobs they provide, many
regions of Asia would collapse.

Despite the evil these groups do, they are also the only
teal law in some areas. The street gangs provide money,
career opportunities and security. Why would the local
people surrender all of that for the chance to starve and fear
every knock on the door? What is morally correct in the eyes

DEMON HUNTER X

of the government has little bearing on the lives of the
people living on the streets. This syndrome is by no means
unique to Asia, but the acceptance of this dilemma is far
more complete in much of the Middle Kingdom.

Put another way, why would the average person on
the street help a Strike Force Zero agent? Those on the
street have nothing to gain by assisting SFO in bringing
down the criminal organizations, and everything to lose.
"Criminal" is in the eye of the beholder.

It's a little easier among the Shih — they're on the
streets every day and night, not retreating to the safety of
their expensive homes or the security of their office when
they need to recover. The Shih are as much an accepted
part of the local area as the triads and tongs in many cases.
They work for the same goal to a certain degree: protect-
ing the local people from threats that could cause grievous
harm.

Still, even Shih often find it difficult to deal with the
underworld. The tongs and criminals are frequently in
league with the forces the demon hunters seek to defeat.
Shih are respected by the locals, and even by the crimi-
nals, but respect by no means equates to trust. Then, too,
sometimes the demons that the Shih are hunting are also
responsible for keeping communities fed and children
safe.

THETAKUZA

Japan's infamous Yakuza gumi do more than just deal
weapons and drugs; they are the neighborhood protection
society in many places, and they are far more efficient than
any police force. Contrary to the attitudes portrayed by
Hollywood, the Yakuza serves an important role in Japanese
society. They have always worked to make justice swift and
fair for the people they deal with. Rapists and muggers caught
by them very often end up as an example of why behaving
oneself is the best action one could take.

The Yakuza demands loyalty and respect from those
who work for it. In exchange, it provides protection and
law for the people in the area. This has been the case for
longer than the United States has been around. The
Yakuza isn't about random violence and mayhem; it's
about order and discipline. Of course, much like the
Mafia, many of the Yakuza's younger members have cast
aside their traditions and honor, thus becoming little
more than violent thugs.

The Yakuza, like the triads, was originally a response to
the feudal lords in times when those who weren't samurai had
no voice, no rights and no safety. Yakuza were rowdies and
gamblers, but they protected the local communities and
made certain that those who dealt with them were kept safe.
That's still true in many ways; only the methods of making
money and keeping the local economy viable have changed


A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

in time. Thus, dealing the Yakuza is dangerous for outsid-
ers, doubly so because those who ask too many questions are
likely to get noticed.

TRIADS

Triads are much like the Yakuza. They deal with the locals
fairly in instances when judgment is needed, and they offer
protection from outside forces. This protection normally comes in
the form of crushing the competition of others trying to muscle in
on the triads' business, but the protection is there nonetheless.

Triads are similar in some respect to the Yakuza, but there are
many differences between the two. Triads deal in slavery, and their
tendrils extend over larger areas. Perhaps the biggest difference is
that the triads are more open in their illegal dealings. They
acknowledge their right to run brothels and sell people to the
highest bidders. They are also more ruthless in dealing with anyone
foolish enough to step on their collective toes.

The triads are the old school of enforcers — willing to do
anything to keep their power base unmolested and very protective
of all they see as theirs. It's never wise to cross a triad, and it's also
fatal foranyone who is caught. Oddly enough, the triadsare the first
to step into someone else's territory if there's a profit to be made,

vvovovrovrvrvvvééieéey

y,
Meee' Z

and wars between these groups are commonplace. Yet, they're still
often looked on as protectors by the locals, most of whom would
rather turn to a triad than the local law-enforcement agencies.

TONGS

Tongs are a different story. The tongs are more like local
street gangs than true organized crime cartels. Instant cash, instant
power and ruthless enforcement of their rules are the norm for the
tongs, who demand money for the protection they offer —
whether or not that protection is wanted. If triads resemble
distant, mostly benign feudal lords, tongs are the highwaymen
who take what they wantand care little for who or what falls in the
process. These gangs rule through intimidation and fear and use
violence to make their point.

Tongs are a great deal more common than true triads. Not as
solidly established as triads, tongs come and go depending on
which gang is fastest with a gun or knife. Most tongs seek the same
sort of power the triads hold, but they lack the organization and
know-how to get anywhere near their goal.

Tongs deal in whatever suits their present purposes; arms,
slavery, drugs, and enforcement are just a few of their purviews.
When it comes to obtaining power, the tongs are willing to try
anything and, as a result, they are often easy prey for the Kuei-jin
and other shen.

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING


It bears mentioning that some tongs actually do seek to
keep their neighborhoods safe from outside criminal elements,
but they are the exception, not the rule. Much like street
gangs in the U.S., they primarily consist of cheap hoodlums.

HORROR IN THE MIDDLE KINGDOM

Demon hunters work in a deadly trade. They hunt
monsters, and these monsters, asa rule, behave in an exceed-
ingly unpleasant fashion. One of the truisms of the World of
Darkness is that the monsters themselves, no matter where
they came from or how noble they attempt to be, are

somewhat desensitized to the supernatural world in
which they live. They accept violence as

a part of their world and have immu-

nized themselves to the worst effects of

that violence. It isn't and shouldn't be
that easy for the humans who hunt the
monsters.
It's bad enough to merely see a werewolf.
It's far, far worse to see a werewolf bury its muzzle in the
chest of a human being and feast on her warm entrails while
she is screaming in agony. We humans are, contrary to what
many of us like to think, fragile beings. Our desire for contact
with others is usually very strong, and our stomach for severe
violence is equally weak. Movies and TV are one thing, but
actually experiencing real-life terror or violence can create
much more severe emotional shock.

It's time to reflect that aspect a little better in the
Storyteller System. Although Shih have their mental disci-
plines and Strike Force Zero installs emotion suppressors in
(' © ye aN its agents, sometimes the hardware isn't enough, and the

tl (( My) "yy ‘, greatest mental discipline can crumble when faced with the

og » \ truly horrific. That's what makes demon hunters human.
Lge G if A 4 Oh. Human beings, including demon hunters, can feel terror
YH), mo "4 o and horror. Terror is a shiver when we hear a strange noise in
n/t a? Sa the cemetery at two in the morning. Horror is when we see
: . the monster that made the strange noise coming toward us

\\ \ with a greedy glint where its eyes used to be.

Terror is the slow buildup of anxiety over a strange

situation, when the world slowly falls out of kilter from
\ \ what we've always assumed to be the truth. Horror is a
\i

‘i | | confrontation with the truth in whose existence we've
\ Os

Spi

wy

)

Ny

refused to believe.
For the purposes of game mechanics, we'll separate

\ |
\ uti)
these two emotions more than is necessary in the real

@ mm» world. We do this because terror and horror work on
different parts of the mind, and on different Virtues on the
character sheet.

TERROR

Terror is a refined emotion, a distillation of the anxieties
we all suffer. The X-Files often deals with terror — the quiet
growing fear that can sweep through us when we least

aNWF

DEMON HUNTER X

expect it. When the time comes for the characters to realize
what many of the players already know, the Storyteller might
request a terror roll. The players understand that vampires
have their pawns in every government of significance on the
planet, but the characters don't know or even suspect that
truth. Not yet. With enough digging and probing, the char-
acters are going to discover that something is going on, and
whatever that something is, it isn't pretty.

Imagine being a member of Strike Force Zero, working
on trying to find another of these odd mutants who goes
around sucking on blood. After several hours of picking
through the shen's computer files, you discover the truth that
only a very small number of people in Strike Force Zero
already know: These bloodsuckers aren't just a handful of
post-atomic aberrants. They're everywhere! They've got
names, they've got bank accounts, and they've got informa-
tion dating back hundreds of years, dealing with famous and
infamous historical figures. This one, this...40-year-old man
you've been chasing for the last month...has personal notes
he exchanged with George Washington and journals relat-
ing with fondness the time he spent feeding on Marie
Antoinette. He's got a file of letters outlining his dealings
with Stalin and Lenin. He's got a picture of him and Richard
M. Nixon sitting together and smiling...worst of all, the
picture was taken in the Oval Office. And that's just the tip
of the iceberg; he keeps making references to his sire, and her
relationship with Julius Caesar. He mentions how effort-
lessly he managed to infiltrate the Nazi party in Germany
back in the ‘30s, and how much he enjoyed seeing his sire
again, even if he disagreed with her about the need to share
the information they learned with the rest of their clan in
Chicago. That's all bad, but when he mentions the plans for
infiltrating Japan, despite the troubles with the Japanese
Cathayans — just a passing reference, nothing solid for you
to look over — you've got to consider the implications of that
casual statement. Did he manage this infiltration? If so,
where is he now and who is he talking to? What, exactly, is
this plan to infiltrate, and when did it start? Is it too late to
stop him?

Bad, right? Enough to make you a little sweaty? That's
when you want a terror roll. That's when all the discipline
and all the cybernetic brain supplements in the world don't
mean a damned thing. Because discipline is just a mental
exercise, a way of confronting something you're prepared for,
much like building calluses on your knuckles by punching a
stone wall. Emotion suppressors are designed solely to pre-
vent an overwhelming panic attack in a combat situation.
They allow a certain amount of numbness, but they don't
shut off emotions completely or they'd inhibit the very
qualities Strike Force Zero looks for in its agents.

So, in order to avoid a panic attack from the alarming
implications of vampires infiltrating most of the world's
governments, the aforementioned character needs to make a
Self-Control roll. The difficulty of the Self-Control check is
in the hands of the Storyteller. Success means the character
has managed, for the present time at least, to assimilate the

information and keep her cool. (Later, when she's trying to
sleep in the safe, comfortable bed — provided asa perk of the
job, the government job — in the dark, where these blood-
suckers feel perfectly at home, she might ponder the
implications again and give them more serious consideration
than she did before.)

Failure means the character begins obsessing over the
implications. If these vampires did infiltrate the Japanese govern-
ment, where are they now? Do they know about me? Do they
know about the job I'm doing right now, breaking into their private
property and looking over their thoughts? If so, how are they going
to feel about that? If a full-blown panic attack occurs, the
character might need sedation for a while, or she might
simply look at the files in front of her and stare blankly as a
cold, greasy sweat sprouts across her forehead and runs down
her back.

Botches, however, are the worst. A botch means the
character develops a Derangement, though it might not
manifest immediately. (Derangements tend to like a little
time to ferment, to grow more potent before they show
themselves.) The mental aberration that presents itself should
match the scenario given. In the case mentioned above, the
likeliest Derangement is paranoia. The character just found
out that the government might very well be compromised
and under the influence of vampires. The character's life is
in danger, as are the lives of any loved ones she might have
thought safe when she changed her identity. The question
here is who can she trust? The answer, if she's suffering from
a Derangement, is absolutely no one. Play on that for a while
and see how the character feels about turning her back on the
rest of her Strike Team.

HORKOK

Horror is the visceral, in-your- face Oh My God It Ate
Frank's Head sort of stuff we've all seen plenty of, courtesy
of Michael Myers, Freddie Krueger and Jason Voorhees. For
a horror movie, there's no such thing as too much. For a
Demon Hunter X chronicle, there may very well be. Demon
hunters are jaded, yes, but certain events can still push a
character over the edge. Not every dead body is going to freak
out a Shih warrior, but one that's been violated in a spectacu-
lar fashion might do so. Strike Force agents are even easier to
freak out; they haven't been preparing for this for 20 years.
It's one thing to accept the reality of the Kuei-jin, quite
another to be faced by one. It's even harder to be rational if
the Cathayan in question just ripped the head off your
informant, whom you'd just started to like.

A player whose character experiences a horrific situ-
ation must make a Courage roll. The difficulty depends on
the extremity of the situation and is in the hands of the
Storyteller. Asa rule, if a character's already faced a dozen
Kuei-jin, the sight of another is unlikely to require a roll.
If, on the other hand, the demon hunter sees, for the first
time, a werespider turn from a man into a gibbering horde
of black spiders with venom-dripping fangs, she might have

vvovvovvyvwvYWwYVW4$WY¥W?TreVYeY'YW¥VeYW'YiwWYi#éEYsiY

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING

®

N

x

it


—A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

to make a Courage roll versus difficulty 6, or even higher if
said Kumo is in its lair and surrounded by a dozen desiccated
corpses.

A successful Courage roll means the character keeps
her cool and can act as her player desires. Failure means
it's time to fight or flee, and that's the territory of the
Storyteller. Fleeing might mean a serious problem if the
vampire lives on the 30th floor. Fighting, in this case, is a
completely different beast than calmly taking out a striker
gun and choosing ammunition carefully. Fighting in this
case means killing anything that gets in your way as you try
to find the quickest exit route. Or it might mean that your
good friend on the Zero Team is viewed as an excellent
extra level of armor between you and the thing that just
returned to its lair.

Botching means a Derangement and it means cata-
tonic fear. The mind of the character, trapped by too
much pressure in too short a time, shuts down. As with the
fight-or-flee situation for merely failing, this could mean
either a true state of catatonia, where everything stops
working altogether, or it can mean a fugue situation,
where the character blacks out and remembers nothing of

what happens in the next few minutes. A lot can happen in
those few minutes. A person can be killed, or a mind can be
seized and reshaped.

THE WORLD OF DARKNESS, ANIME-STYLE

The mood of Demon Hunter X is intended to be a change of
pace from the typical World of Darkness fare. Most readers have
probably detected a few hints of anime influence in the pages. If
you haven't, maybe you should go rent a few of those wonderful
epics.

The differences between standard animation and Japanese
anime are often vague, but very real. Anime tends to explore more
aspects of human nature than most Western animation; it also
involves a great deal more violence, sex, violence, carnage, and
violence. Look ata movie like Akira and then watch Walt Disney's
Sleeping Beauty. It'shard to believe they have anythingin common
at all.

Anime tends toward dark, mature themes, even when there's
humor spun into the tale to take away some of thesting. Instriving
for chis anime feel, the Storyteller should remember this last fact;

DEMON HUNTER X


she should also keep in mind that the rules and conventions of
anime storytelling allow for several new types of character
interaction.

We've already discussed how Yin and Yang Chi are recov-
ered naturally, but perhaps we should add a few new aspects to
the game. Let circumstance and character reaction playa partin
the recovery of Chiand see if it doesn't make a difference in how
the players react. For example, most anime involves a group of
people working together. In the classic anime tales, that group
was normally four or five characters (coincidentally enough, just
like a Strike Team), and there were almost always a few rivalries.

There is the Handsome Leader, who is so sparkly clean and
moralistic it almost hurts to see him in action; there is the Rebel,
who argues constantly with the Handsome Leader and could,
one suspects, beat the snotout of the Handsome Leader ifheever
set his mind to it. Despite their constant jabbering at one
another, however, they work well ina team situation. The Rebel
works almost to keep Leader from growing too lazy or confident.
Throw into this mix the Bruiser — a large, hulking figure who
seems amiable enough until circumstances piss him off, and
whose loyalty is the stuff of legend. Then throwin the Geek, who
is normally too skinny, a little bit of a jabbermouth and techni-
cally adept at coming up with whatever device is needed to stop
the Bad Guys before it's too late.

There lie the makings of a pretty good group, but that isn't
enough. No sir, because now it's time to add the reinforcing
bond that holds them all together: the Beautiful Girl. Beautiful
Girl always has a kind word for Bruiser and Geek, though it's
understood that they haven't a chance in hell of winning her
affections. She is their friend, and she gives them confidence the
Handsome Leader could never hope to inspire. She is also—one
can see though it's never written down — the main source of
trouble between Handsome Leader and Rebel. Although she
may never even kiss either one of them, it's a given that they'd
face the worst flames of Hell to win her affection, and just as
obvious is that she basks in the attention. No matter what either
of them does, they both try to do it better and a little more
impressively because Beautiful Girl might be watching.

For this reason, Rebel has withstood the desire to beat the
snot out of Handsome Leader and, conversely, Handsome
Leader hasn't kicked Rebel off the squad — well, that and the
fact that Rebel is the best fighter in the group, and even makes
Bruiser seem like sort of a wimp. But, Beautiful Girl might take
his actions poorly, thus removing any chance of Rebel ever
winning her affections.

The aforementioned group dynamics are just a few
conventions of what has evolved over the years into modern-
day anime adventures. But those very dynamics can work for
the players as well as adding to the spice of an Sys

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING


DEMON HUNTER 1

Should a Zero Team come to resemble a gathering like this,
the Storyteller can assign rewards of temporary Chi for any
number of reasons. After all, Chi is life-force, and living is
what renews it. If Handsome Leader manages to keep his
team alive through another battle — and through the deci-
sions he made as to how they should approach a situation, he
is living to the fullest and should be rewarded. If Rebel
manages not only to beat an opponent, but to do it in a way
that once again proves his physical superiority over Hand-
some Leader, he too should be rewarded, for he is living life
to the fullest. If Geek saves the day with another gadget, or
by cracking the case while surfing the Internet for clues, the
same thing goes. If Bruiser prevents the injury of another
team member by either taking the blow himself or tackling
the Bad Guy(s) in the nick of time, he should be rewarded.
And if Beautiful Girl manages to keep them all together and
stop them from killing each other, she is living life to the
fullest and should be rewarded also.

Use the Nature and Demeanor of the characters, study
how they act and react, and then use your judgment. Did they
play the parts they were meant to play? Did they stop the
Menace To Life As We Know It? Give them back a little of
what they sacrificed in order to save the day. Consider it an
extra perk for a job well done.

Zero Teams are composed primarily of outcasts: those
who, for whatever reason, don't quite fit into regular society.
In addition to risking life and limb with their cohorts, these

people just might find their team to be

the only people who accept them for

who they are. They're probably as close as

family in many cases, even when they don't

seem to like each other very much. Reward the
players who remember that.

I Oh, and the same rules apply to Shih

{ characters. Was the action tense and gritty?

Were innocent people saved by the Shih's

actions? Just because Shih don't traditionally

hang out in groups doesn't mean they can't start. As

was pointed out in Kindred of the East, the number of

Kuei-jin is on the rise. The often-violent deaths of so

many in Asia almost guarantee that.

RECOMMENDED ANIME

Here's a list of movies and cartoons to

add flavor to a Demon Hunter X chronicle.

Some are far-fetched and almost comical,

some are slow-paced and extremely in-

tense, but all are worthy for how they touch

on the supernatural or the possibilities of
technology gone mad.

Akira, Chinese Ghost Story, Chinese Ghost
Story 2 (there's a monk in this movie who is a
perfect example of a Shih with a mission to
finish), Chinese Ghost Story 3, Peacock King:


A_A_A_A_A_A

Spirit Warrior, Peacock King: Spirit Warrior 2, Dirty Pair, 3x3
Eyes, Supernatural Beast City, Legend of the Overfiend (think
of the Overfiend as a little like one of the Yama Kings and
you've got the right idea), Vampire Hunter D (a great story
and a fabulous example of a Shih on the hunt), Animated
Classics of Japanese Literature, Volumes 1, 2 and 3 (each has
at least one ghost story or monster story), LA Blue Girl (while
oversexed and often tongue-in-cheek, each story in the series
also has some interesting demons and unusual ideas for
demon hunters}, Demon Beast Invasion, Darkside Blues (not
an exact idea for demon hunters, but wonderful for mood and
visuals), Demon City Shinjuku, Judge (a great example of how
the Shih deal with ghosts and the living when deciding what
to do about a haunting), Black Jack (dark and moody stuff,
with a Gothic feel), Genocyber (technology gone wild and
the side effects), Midnight Panther (manga comic book with
a great version of werecat assassins), and Hades Project
Zeomyr. There are plenty more, but all of those are a good
starting point.

RUNNING A DEMON HUNTER X CHRONICLE

This section deals with the nuts and bolts of construct-
ing and running a Demon Hunter X chronicle. It's broken
into three separate sections: the Shih, Strike Force Zero,
joining forces. Each of these sections should be read carefully
and altered as the Storyteller sees fit in order to make the
chronicle completely fit the Storyteller's agenda. Nothing
here is written in stone.

SHH CHRONICLES

The Shih are anachronisms. They do as they do because
they are driven, possessed of a passionate need to maintain
their own form of order. Shih seek to preserve the balance of
the Great Cycle and believe that even demons have their
place in that balance. This aspect is very important in
understanding the Shih and running a chronicle in which
they are involved.

The fact that demons exist is perfectly fine in the Shih's
collective mind; that demons prey on humans is acceptable,
within reason. To the Shih, a ghost who haunts a certain
house or person is not, in and of itself, a problem. But when
that ghost increases the scope of the haunting or goes on a
rampage against an entire community, the Shih will want an
explanation — if not from the ghost, then from the people in
that town.

Chronicles involving Shih should be as much about
solving the mystery of why a given demon decides to misbe-
have as they are about stopping the aberrant behavior. There
should always be a reason, and there should always be a
solution. There isa certain unspoken agreement between the
Shih and the shen. Shih follow a code of honor and behavior

when hunting demons, and in turn the demons usually do
their best to avoid breaking the rules, or at least getting
caught in the act.

This code has nothing to do with right or wrong. The
demons could, if they decided to work together, wipe Shih
off the face of the Earth. But, it has to do with tradition
and ritual. The Shih proved their power long ago when Yi
saved the Middle Kingdom from certain destruction. Even
the Kuei-jin, looking back on the situation, admit that
they might have pushed the game a little too far on that
occasion. For this reason along with the fact that Shih
really are very dangerous individuals, the shen play by the
unspoken rules of engagement — most of the time, at
least. There are always a few who are willing to change the
rules in their favor.

Mutual respect is intrinsic to Shih chronicles. The
Shih respect that the shen have the right to exist, and the
shen admit that from time to time one of theirs gets a little
out of hand. In several cases, the shen have themselves
tipped off a Shih to a situation that has snowballed. The
Shih maintain the balance of power in a very real way and
keep a certain level of neutrality between the various
factions of the shen. The Kuei-jin and the hengeyokai are
never going to be friends, and they have warred against
each other in brutal combat from time to time. The Shih
work as a check against these wars, because it's the hu-
mans who most often suffer the worst from the violence.

It's a mutually beneficial arrangement, and one that
is never spoken of by any party. In a way, Shih are like the
police in gang-ridden areas: They sometimes bust a few
heads to keep the peace, or work out mutually acceptable
truces between the leaders of the different gangs. But they
almost never get anywhere by trying to destroy the gangs
completely. It just doesn't work, because, like the police
in the wrong parts of town, the Shih are far outnumbered
and they know it.

Shih also bear other similarities to the police in those
war-torn areas. They see so much of the bad that the good
eventually loses its significance. This being the case, Shih
are, or should be, rather morbid in what they find amusing.
It's important that the players understand the work their
characters do, and just as important that they have a good
time while playing their characters. Think of Hill Street Blues,
oreven MASH, and you can get an inkling of what life is like
for the Shih.

It's important that you, as the Storyteller, understand
this odd relationship between the Shih and the shen. It's your
job to teach the characters and their players that lesson.
Threats and random violence aren't the best way for Shih to
behave. It almost guarantees a short career in a job where the
odds are already stacked heavily against them.

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING


SOLITARY SHIH

Shih seldom run in packs. They are solitary figures who mostly wander
through the Middle Kingdom and do what they consider their sacred duty. That
makes for a difficult chronicle in which to involve multiple players. It's always possible
that a few of the players might want to get together and have adventures as a group

of Shih, and we'll get to that. But for the moment, let's concentrate on the loners.

Runninga chronicle for a single figure is challenging, but it has its own rewards.

You are responsible for all of the interaction as the Storyteller. You won't

have several other players adding their voices to the mix. Is the Shih

staying in one area? Does the character move from place to place?

How many people does the character interact with? That's all up to

you, but if the questions are answered in the wrong way, you'll

probably have a very short chronicle. Fighting is good in its place

— in games at least — but it can grow old very quickly.

Think of any of a dozen shows — The Six Million Dollar Man,

The Incredible Hulk, The Night Stalker or The X-Files — and

you'll realize how much of the story revolves around the

ordinary people the main characters meet. Even

a demon hunter doesn't deal solely with

monsters. It's the interplay between the

character and the Storyteller characters

that makes the story interesting.

Perhaps the easiest type of chronicle involves using

the Shih asa sort of Carl Kolchak (the protagonist in The Night

Stalker series from the ‘70s). For the most part, Kolchak

stayed in one city — Las Vegas for the first

movie; Seattle for the

s+.  secondmovie, The

= Night Strangler;

cn and Chicago

i Y for the test of

= —S= the series.

Kolchak was

constantly on

the lookout for the supernatu-

ral, and he inevitably discovered the monster of the week from the
clues he found.

The above idea entitles the Storyteller to establish a regular
set of Storyteller characters and then simply get on with telling
the story. But problems arise because there are only so many
monsters and, after a while, it gets old trying to explain why
the monsters always show up in town. If the chronicle is set
in Tokyo or Hong Kong, it's a little easier to explain,
naturally, but this sore of chronicle can easily get too
routine. However, chronicles of this sort allow a Shih to
have an almost normal life — complete with friends, lovers
and rivals out to make the character seem like second-best at
every turn,

Going one step further, a chronicle can set up a Shih as the
local equivalent of the Law (supernatural Law, that is) in a
given area. In a situation where the rules of fair play are well-
established and the character comes from a long line of Shih,
the character might work to keep the peace between the shen
in a certain area. That's a full-time job in and of itself, and it
gets only worse when new factions add themselves to the

sullen, centuries-long feuds already in progress.

DEMON HUNTER X


=— ty

This sort of scenario, as well as the Night Stalker one mentioned above, can also
be altered slightly and made more threatening if there is a catalyst. In Buffy the
Vampire Slayer, the town of Sunnydale is situated in an area where the supernatu-
ral entities are constantly drawn in like moths to a flame. It's a nice twist and
works well to explain the numerous problems that arise every week on the |
show. MY fT Nee:

You have a similar unpleasantry already established in Kindred of y
the East: the dragon nests. Kuei-jin prefer to be near these weak
spots, and hengeyokai often need them as well, and you can
bet the two factions don't like the other dealing with
what they consider their property. Add in a few
other shen, and you've got a situation that can
erupt into a volatile conflagration at any
time. Leave the Shih character in the dark
about why every supernatural around is
interested in the town she protects, and Wi
you've got an underlying mystery that
can add quite a bit of flavor to the /
situation. Even if the Shih discovers
what the source of the trouble is,
she still has to figure out where the
dragon nest is and what to do
about it.

The other main alternative
for a solo chronicle is that of the
renegade or wanderer. The In-
credible Hulk, Highlander, The
Phoenix, Star Man, The Fugitive
and a dozen or so other shows
have all used the concept of a
solitary figure or small group of
characters who are on the run
from, or seeking to find, some-
thing. What they are running
from could be a misguided law-
enforcement agency trying to
capture the character foracrime he
didn't commit, or a criminal over-
lord who's decided it's time for payback.
Make the pursuer a cult of demon wor-
shippers with a thirst for revenge or a need
forsome trait only the character possesses, and
youcan easily fit this concept into the Middle
Kingdom. ZT

Perhaps the character's family waskilled, .
which led to the decision to becomea Shih in the
first place. But throw in a son, daughter, lover or
spouse who resurfaces later, and you've got a quest.
Is the family member on the run from the charac-
ter willingly? Is this person actually possessed by
a demon? If so, is there a possibility of a cure?
Perhaps the character is after a crafty, ancient
shen who's responsible for the death of the
character's family. The shen in question may
be influential and thrive on the cat-and-
mouse game, or it may fear little in the

i i

CHAPTER FOUR: STORTTELLING

Wit


world save the weapon the character carries. The variations are
almost limitless.

The natural setback of this concept is that the Storyteller
is stuck generating a large number of Storyteller characters and
new locations for each adventure in the chronicle. But it can
certainly make for some interesting interactions. Remember
that werewolf with the scar over the socket where his left eye
was? Yeah, the one your character cut out? Well, congratula-
tions, he found you, and this time he brought friends. Maybe, if
you're fast and lucky, you can get together with that mysterious
monk whosaid he owed you one for saving his life. Can you make
it back before ol' Scarface reaches you...?

MULTIPLE-PLAYER CHRONICLES

Shih are solitary by nature. Not
people — though years of demon h
antisocial pariahs — but becausg
defend themselves. Most Shj
takinga lover, letalonea fa
in the Shih's armor, anda
It's damned hard to thi
capable of lifting a truck
wrapped around your figt

of the demons one ha
the fact that Shih af

problem with these g&f
means tougher mon:
Storyteller's choice.
Multiple-player Shih'
same weaknesses as their S|
unnoticed when you gather

path of devastation wherever

old Mi Chang, who stood all of 5'1", was al:
furred monster that ate five townspeople,
nice to almost everyone and her son is the mayor. The mayor
might know the truth, but odds are that he won't share the facts
when he wants revenge for what the characters did to his loving
mother.

A solitary character, confronted with the aftereffects of
monster-slaying, might just slip away into the night, never to be
seen again. But a group of people is likely to travel a little slower
and look out for each other when the going gets tough.

The same difficulties that exist for solitary Shih exist for a
group of Shih. The difference is that the problems are multi-
Plied. One of them is wanted for murder? Now the others are
associating with a known felon. One of the characters pissed off
a Yama King a few years back and now that demon lord wants
revenge? Now they all have a problem with the Yama King.
Then there's the problem of securing food and shelter for five

DEMON HUNTER X

instead of one. Even entering certain parts of town might pose a
problem. One shady, seedy character coming into Okinawa's
biggest city could go relatively unheralded, but five of them are
going toattract undesired attention. And then there's that worst-
case scenario, in which one Shih has befriended a seemingly
pleasant enough shen who just happens to have killed another
group member's wife and kids.

Perhaps the most serious drawback, at least as far the
characters should be concerned, is that by joining together in
groups, they remove some of the respect the Shih have earned
from the shen over the centuries. A solitary mortal, doing what he
tThust to enforce a code of ethics, is worthy of respect in the eyes

group of humans, by contrast, resembles a gang
to demand that the shen follow the rules when

a sign of weakness as they are to take
old Army adage says: "Respect

entirely different set
SFO agents hunt the
0. types of chronicles

b Jon't know a tenth of
@h't very active in the

erewolves and other
ingdom. But that knowl-
t into what these creatures

aven't the vaguest clue about the
k in the world of the supernatural —
like Kuei-jin, or that Kuei-jin loathe

are all unknown factors to the Strike Force. Their

primary source of information about the supernatural lies in
the few fragments of information they find scattered in the
substantial (but mostly untranslated) library of books in their
vaults.

The Force's agents are, in short, dangerously ignorant.
Their only saving grace comes from their secret benefac-
tors, who take every opportunity to learn as much as they
can, and who've made an art form of torturing information
from the more reluctant "guests" of the Strike Force.

Beginning characters in the Force should know noth-
ing at all about what they are to face. What they learn
should come from trial and error, with a liberal amount of
false information scattered throughout. That werewolves
exist is one thing, but knowing how many shapes they can


take, or how the moon's phases affect them, is a different
matter. That Cathayans walk the world is one thing, but
that they contrast substantially with the vampires of the
West is another matter completely.

All of these possibilities are mentioned because you,
as the Storyteller, have to help the players find a method
of learning. They have abilities; now they need direction.
Just which way is the chronicle going to evolve? Are the
agents out to protect Asia from the aberrant forces of evil?
Are they seeking a root cause for the dark forces hiding in
the shadows of society? What, exactly, do the characters
seek to do?

THE SCIENTIFIC METHOD

One approach you can take is gf

Let them work toward find
suffering from what mug

nullify its detrimentd
their best, but be preg

cure work on a one-o!
the air as a retrovirus
more werewolves in
tible parties alive, or
people who died a slow,
"antidote"?

knowledge once they have it?
that can cure lycanthropy bu'
creature where a person stood befor
to use that cure. The Zaibatsu, of cou
the same moral qualms.

Imagine a situation in which the characters are ex
ining a small town suffering from a strange ailment. After
some extensive research, they discover that the deadly
Antimutation retrovirus they created is responsible for a
dozen or more hideous deaths, and that it somehow was
taken from under their noses and employed in what was
apparently a field test. How would the characters react,
especially if they discovered their "cure" also killed the
werewolves' innocent relatives who shared that lycan-
thropy gene in a dormant state?

Such a situation might require a closer look at the
forces behind the scenes in Strike Force Zero, and that
could lead to a confrontation with the Zaibatsu. Just as

A_A_A_A_A_A_A~A_A_A.A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

with any group who believes it acts in everyone's best
interests, the Zaibatsu could decide that the loss of a Zero
Team is perfectly acceptable.

That's just one scenario; there are many others. The less
the characters know, the more interesting the ideas they
might come up with for eradicating or studying a problem.

UNDERCOVER AGENTS

Strike Force Zero specializes in infiltration as a means of
discovering the whereabouts of their enemies. The groups they
join normally are disreputable and foul. Just how far is a
paracter willing to go to keep her cover intact? Triads, tongs,
gp covert government operations from other

in such situations, as agents are
vent of exposure. If a member of
will other members of the Zero

answer might vary greatly,
Meation the characters have
eir target in their sights.

bes

ind capture demons,
hasn't approached
Mave dealt with their
n. And the demons

im the tables on the
e agents get to their
@ Are they prepared and

Unfortunate surprise.

WHERE WAITS THE OVERLORD?

It's one thing to hunt demons, and sometimes be hunted
by them, but what happens when you begin to notice pat-
terns? Why would a werewolf, a vampire and a changeling all
wear the same medallion somewhere on their person? It
could be a similar taste in fashions, or it could be a cult.

Who's going around meticulously, surgically removing
the hearts of their victims, then leaving a blend of herbs in
the cavity where the organ used to rest? How many sacrifices
does it take to summon a Yama King? What has that powerful
entity promised in return? Strike Force Zero has already
stopped one major attempt to bring a demon lord to this
world. Were there a few stragglers who got away, who just
might try it again? There's also the possibility of raw ven-
geance. Stop a major attempt to free a Yama King, or kill
enough of its minions, and you'll likely get some very un-
wanted attention.

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING


a

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

GHOST CITT

From time to time, ghosts make their presence known,
as they have for centuries. Lately, though, activity among the
Restless Dead has been increasing. And signs indicate that
it's going to keep getting worse. Something has weakened the
Wall between the worlds, and it is aggressive. Why are the
Dead acting the way they are? Why are buildings decaying
steadily, even when they only just opened to the public? Why
is almost everyone in the city suffering from a lack of sleep?

WAR AMONG THE SHEN

In recent months, violence has increased tremendously.
Gang wars are breaking out sporadically, and innocent people
are dying. The police can't seem to stop the mobs, and several
of the best riot squads around have been thwarted or killed
outright. Martial law is being seriously considered, and the
new curfew for sunset seems like a good idea, but many
disgruntled citizens ignore the rules and go out anyway. The
police are starting to talk about gang members with claws and
trained attack dogs, and a few are almost certain they've seen
nightmarish shapes lurking in the darkness, eyeing them
hungrily.

Something has gone wrong in the city, and the Zero
Team needs to make it right again. But where do they start
when they don't have any idea about the workings of the

vvevyvyyY
DEMON HUNTER X

supernatural societies? For every demon they fight, two more
seem to pop up, and the odds are definitely mounting against
the Zero Team.

WHO WAS THAT?

New faces are appearing at Strike Force Headquar-
ters. These strangers aren't overly friendly, and they've
got Director Okamoto sweating a lot. All of the old
familiar faces are still around, but they seem preoccupied,
stressed out. Who are the newcomers? What do they want?
Why is Okamoto so worried?

MIXING DEMON HUNTERS

The Shih and Strike Force Zero are, more or less,
strangers to one another. They've met a time or two, but they
have nothing in common save a shared foe. Shih look at the
Strike Force as a dangerous new element in an already
volatile mixture. SFO doesn't know quite what to make
of the enigmatic strangers with the attitude problem
and enough skill to take on several men in a fair
fight.

They aren't even very certain they're
fighting for the same goals. The Shih are
traditionalists with a long history of
doing what they do. The Strike Force

Ir

Nt

SY

COD

VL,


is still new and experimenting in how best to accomplish its
goals. Shih believe shen have every right to exist, just as the
animals, plants and humans do. The Strike Force wants to
remove the shen from the face of the world, using any means that
works. The Shih have an understanding with the shen, while the
Strike Force hasn't really been noticed by them...yet.

This status quo can — and probably will — change, but
don't expect pleasant integration. If players want both Shih
warriors and Strike Force agents together in a chronicle, there's
nothing wrong with that, so long as the Storyteller agrees. But
expect fireworks. They'll happen, or at least they should. You're
dealing with more than a difference in how to hunt monsters,
you're dealing with different ideologies.

Getting the two together for a conflict is easy. Virtually all
of the story ideas listed for the Strike Force can be easily adapted
to work with Shih. The only challenge is making sure everyone
gets equal playtime, and making certain they learn about each
other the hard way. No one in the Strike Force would consider
turning to a person of dubious grooming habits and mental
health for advice, or accept her, without a test of some sort. The
Shih might concede that having a little extra firepower around
could be useful, but they won't be willing to share informa-
tion with the Strike Team because the agents haven't
proved their staying power.

The Force could theoretically take on a Shih as a
member, but the same problem arises — Shih think the
Strike Force is run by amateurs. A Shih almost certainly
won't fit in, and Strike Force Zero's regulations and
protocol could cause the Shih to leave even if he can
tolerate the ignorance around him.

There are ways to have the two groups interact, but as an
ongoing chronicle, the tale needs to be set in one area, and
it's best to work with the idea of a Yama King or other
overlord leading the forces of the demons. While that makes
for an interesting concept, there's a very serious problem
with game balance if the foes of the demon hunters are too
strong or too weak.

As Storyteller, use whatever factors work to your advan-
tage. Perhaps a psychic on the Strike Force becomes convinced
that thestreet bum with the sword is necessary to solve a growing
threat, while the Shih sees a bit of potential in one or two of the
SFO agents. It could be that both of the demon-hunter factions
have a similar foe they seek to find.

The only limit is what you, the Storyteller, allow into
your chronicle. It takes extra work on your part to have
both groups of demon hunters working in the same area at
the same time, but the added tensions and possibilities
make the effort worth your while.

vv vyvevyveyvyrvevyvyveveg¥vyreYVyvyYiv,vevrevyvvpegype+gyvyreAyiYVY iv

CHAPTER FOUR: STORYTELLING

95


04

OODOO08 Oo

mt

Lit L


THE POWERS THAT BE: THE MOST INFLUENTIAL DEMON HUNTERS

Every age produces people who influence their peers. In some cases they lead by choice; in others,
they seem almost predestined to lead...whether or not they have the desire.

The leaders of the Shih are not conscious of their command, or if they are, they choose to ignore
the fact. Still, they are there, the ones spoken of in awed whispers and the ones who are almost always
present when the greatest demons come forth.

APPENDIX


THE GOD SLATER

There is a power among the Shih, an awesome and
terrible power that chooses to reveal itself from time to time.
Several times in the course of the greatest battles to save
humanity from the shen, a figure has joined the Shih in
bloody, glorious combat. The stories agree that the figure is
human, but beyond that the details blur.

Four centuries ago, when the demon Mu Tong Pok
gathered an army of 1,000,000 demon soldiers and prepared
to destroy the Forbidden City, the stranger appeared to aid
the four Shih and 10,000 mortal soldiers who gathered to do
battle against them. Some claim the ensuing war was waged
in the Middle Kingdom, while others believe it happened in
the spirit worlds. In either case, battle was joined, and when
it had ended, the great demon army lay in ruin and the four
Shih still stood, bloody and weary beyond their years, but
alive. With them stood seven other men and the one called
the God Slayer.

The God Slayer never spoke throughout the combat.
Though he was cut a hundred or more times, he remained
eerily silent. With but a gesture from his hands, the God
Slayer cast arrows like lightning bolts and crushed waves of
the demon hordes. His great, silvery sword sliced through
stone and demon-flesh with equal ease, and his spear carried
hundreds of demons up to the sun, where they burned in
hellish conflagrations, only to return to his hand for another
casting. The fields where once the Kun Lun Mountains stood
ran red with oceans of blood, and the skies cried with
thunderous rage throughout the confrontation. When it was
done, the Shih themselves had to fight Mu Tong Pok. He fell
before their blades, though he rose again later and freed

DEMON HUNTER X

himself from the prison they built to hold his remains. The
God Siayer would not, or could not, interfere in that final
battle.

As they placed the last stones upon the dead demon, the
God Slayer walked across the strewn corpses of thousands,
never looking back as he walked into the West. The God
Slayer has not been seen since, unless the rumors of him
walking away from the atomic fires at Nagasaki are true. Still,
the Shih believe he roams the world yet, preparing for the
Age of Sorrow. Like all Shih, he walks alone.

Some Shih claim the God Slayer bears a third eye upon
his brow. Others are certain he is one of the Kuei-jin, who
fights beside the Shih in honor of what he once was. Some
claim he is Yi himself, reeurned from the dead in the Shih's
time of need; others believe the God Slayer is dead, waiting
to rise from his silent tomb when he is needed again. Wher-
ever he might be, the Shih believe in him, and many believe
he will rise again to lead the Shih during the final battle with
the Demon Emperor.

MISTER KOMODO

Mister Komodo is a venerable warrior of the Shih. His
long, greasy hair is darkest black, peppered with silver. His
face is unshaven, and the clothes he wears, so the tales go, are
older than most of the monsters he battles.

Mister Komodo walks the Land of the Rising Sun,
bearing only his weapons and a bottle of plum wine as he
travels. He is never seen without the great, floppy hat he
wears to protect him from bright days and rainy nights. He
carries a great number of archaic weapons, a katana, dai-kyu
and shuriken among them. He is often seen in and around
airports, where he claims to wait for foolish Kin-jin and
lightning wizards from other lands. Despite the numerous
weapons he carries, no one ever questions his right to be


-#_A_A_A_A_A

there, or his right to carry his arsenal. Some Shih claim that he has
never been defeated in combat, and most who have seen him fight
have no doubt the claims are true.

Mister Komodo is known as one of the greatest Shih, and one
of their heaviest drinkers as well. It's said he has the blood of dragons
and the heart of a tiger. It's also said Komodo always smiles,
especially when he prepares for a fight. Mister Komodo has been
seen speaking with many shen, often treating them toa flurry of bad
jokes anda pleasant meal when he passes through their domains. He
knows almost everyone, and claims to have a perfect memory for
faces — a fact that unsettles most Shih, who swear they've never
seen him before, though he often smiles and asks after friends or
family members when he meets them for what they believe is che
first time.

THE CHEN CHIE

The man called the Chen Chih (Judge of Dust) is believed
dead. Still, for a dead man, he seems to get around. He hunts the
worst of the worst, often targeting Cathayans. He always carries
through on his threats of retribution, no matter how preposterous.

Perhaps the name Chen Chih is fitting, as there isnodoubt that
he feasts upon the remains of his enemies, apparently content to
take what he can get from his victims by way of nutrition.

The Chen Chih is not respected by the shen, he is feared. Many
believe he is Kuei-jin, and that he chooses to feed on his own kind
a way of gaining the energies he needs to survive. The police have
captured the Chen Chih several times, but he has always managed
to escape from them. The criminal underworld from Siberia to
Jakarta has a price on his head. He has, according to the stories told
ofhim, destroyed nofewer than 12 criminal empiressingle-handedly.
This last is most likely a gross exaggeration.

The Chen Chih is unnaturally thin, and there are claims
that his flesh sloughs off with sickening ease. The Shih who've
met the Chen Chih speak little of him, either for fear he'll find
out about the conversations or because what they saw bothered
them profoundly.

STRIKE FORCE ZERO: THOSE IN POWER

Strike Force Zero is a very organized group, and everyone
knows who is truly in command. First and foremost is Geichin
Okamoto, the president of DTI and founder of Strike Force Zero.
Okamoto is, despite the numerous obstacles in his way, the main
reason for Strike Force Zero's existence and continued success.
Despite constant pressure put on the man by government opposi-
tion to his group and his dream, Okamoto perseveres.

GEICHIN OKAMOTO

Okamoto is in his 70s, but still looks like a man in his 50s. He
is slim, muscular and light on his feet. His most distinguishing
features are his penetrating black eyes, and the long scar running
across the back of his neck and down his left shoulder blade to just
above his buttocks — a gift from the Tengu who captured him in
his youth. Every person who meets Okamoto assumes two things
automatically: one, that he is a very shrewd man; and two, thathe
isa very dangerous man to have angry with you. Such observers are
completely accurate on both counts.

Okamoto runs SFO from an office filled with paraphernalia,
gathered over his years in the field and from more recent incidents
involving the Strike Force. All of the odd statuary, weapons and
masks adorning his office are artifacts of power, and most would be
worth a fortune to the right shen.

Of all the trophies in his office, the one Okamoto holds in
highest regard is the skull of an odd creature, part man and partbird
if the skull's shape reveals anything. This skull is preserved in a
heavy Lucite block, and rests on his desk, within easy reach.
When making a point in an argument, Okamoto often rests his
hand on the oddity, running his fingers over the area of the
beak where a scar is plainly visible.

vvfey
APPENDIX


Okamoto is friendly to all his underlings, but remains
aloof. While he knows everyone and often calls them by their
first names, he expects to be called Mr. Okamoto or simply
"sir."

Okamoto has made a point of participating in the actual
training process of each member of the Strike Force, and is a
master in the martial arts as well as in espionage. Certain
agents still tell tales of Okamoto defeating a Kuei-jin in
hand-to-hand combat, though he never comments on this
tale himself.

Okamoto has only one soft point in his armor: Rei
Hironama, his wife. Around her he is like a young man,
trying to impress the girl of his dreams.

RET HIRONAMA

Rei Hironama is one of those women men often refer to
as "handsome." She is attractive, statuesque and precise in
her movements. While she is not openly arrogant, she, like
her husband, tends to remain aloof. Her smiles are infre-
quent, and her orders are spoken softly. Those who know her
never make her repeat a command.

Despite her impeccable, formal style of dress, she's been
known to lend a hand in a few fights when the need arises.
Rei's ability to cause grievous injury to her opponents is well
documented.

Hironama is the leader of the scientific research branch
of DTI and Strike Force Zero. She is almost as responsible for
the success of the Strike Force as her husband is, and she can
draw the schematics of any weapon employed by the Strike
Teams without consulting any form of note or illustration.
While she seldom actually works in the research and

DEMON HUNTER Y

development of new technology, she is always kept up to
date on new devices being field-tested, and often suggests the
initial ideas and design specifications for the works in progress.

Whenever there's a chance that an agent has been
"infected" by a supernatural source, it's Hironama's duty to
debrief the agent and discern whether the agent now poses a
threat to the agency as a whole and the Strike Team as a unit.

There are rumors that Hironama is not only a phenom-
enal scientist, but that she is capable of reading minds. This
rumor is never mentioned in front of her or her husband, at
least by anyone who knows how both of them react to such
stories.

YOSHI ITO

Yoshi Ito is Okamoto's personal secretary and the
person most likely to speak with a Strike Team both before
and after they receive a new assignment. Ito is short,
slightly heavy, and bespectacled. He is also an Olympic-
level marksman and one of the most influential men in the
Japanese business world. If there is someone Ito doesn't
know, then that someone isn't worth knowing, at least as
far as business transactions go.

Ito is available at all hours of the day or night if a
Strike Team agent needs to talk to someone about a
situation or report suspicions about a team member. He is
discreet, polite, and very good at reading subtle conversa-
tional signals. Very few people who know Ito would ever
consider him soft, despite his love of good food and his
passion for rockabilly music. As often as not, Ito is the
only person in the executive branch of the Strike Force
who'll be seen in blue jeans and a T-shirt.


A_A_A_A_A _A__A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

HUAN VO

Huan Vo isa Vietnamese refugee to Japan. He is also one
of the brightest minds on the planet when it comes to
computers and nanotechnology. Vo is known for his acid
tongue, his lewd comments and his inability to remain clean
for more than a few moments. When Vo is away from his labs,
he is a walking calamity. If there's a stain to be found, it's
likely Vo will find it. Inside his labs, he is meticulous and
cautious to the point of obsessiveness. The tall, lanky man is
maniacal about his wetware; he often stops agents he en-
counters to see if the equipment he designed is working as
well as it should, and to determine if the agents have abused
his creations.

Vo is also the man responsible for maintaining the
computer networks at Strike Force Zero and the person to
whom everyone answers for breaches of security. His fits of
tage are legendary, and nothing to be scoffed at. Very few
agents forget that Huan Vo created many of the devices they
employ, and that he's as responsible for the safety of each
agent as he is for the safety of SFO headquarters.

WEAPONS OF LEGEND AND POWER

The Shih have always been, deep in their hearts, tradi-
tionalists. Many of the weapons used by modern demon
hunters were carried hundreds or thousands of years ago by
their predecessors.

Interestingly, many of these weapons have, over centu-
ries, developed a taste for the blood of the shen. Perhaps it is
the use of these weapons as focuses for the Shih's Qiao,
pethaps it is the very blood of the creatures they've destroyed,
but something has altered these weapons. Once they've
found the "flavor" of shen they like best, they simply work
morte efficiently against those demons.

THE BOW OF TI

The Bow of the Excellent Archer looks, on the sur-
face, rather ordinary. It is graceful in design and has
weathered the centuries remarkably well, but there is
nothing about it that cries out for attention. It has not
been seen for centuries, but tales of its periodic emergence
circulate among the Shih. The ancient bow is sturdy, the
tales say, and requires a great deal of strength to pull and
aim, but once an arrow has left its grasp, it always flies
true — almost as if Yi himself were guiding the missile.
Certain tales claim that arrows fired from the bow
literally fill the sky with the brilliance of the sun,
but only when a truly evil and powerful vampire
is encountered.

While the bow is cur-
rently missing, many
suspect it rests
within a personal
collection, or
possibly even in
a museum.

THE STAFF OF SHING TSE LEE

Shing Tse Lee was one of the first true Shih to leave the
Celestial Army. All he took with him was a loaf of bread, a
particularly enlightening kaja manuscript, and the staff he'd
carved from a tree near the fortress at Kun Lun. The bread
was eaten, the manuscript lost, but the staff — a stout
walking stick with several rings mounted to its top —
endures.

Shing Tse Lee's staff is a solid weapon, but against
hungry ghosts it is devastating. The staff literally steals their
essence with every strike, ripping a part of the ghost away for
all time and leaving the wraith in eternal agony. Certain
stories claim that the staff has swallowed thousands of restless
spirits, though there is no proof. One of the oldest legends of
Shing Tse Lee claims that he used his staff in anger once,
shortly after Kun Lun vanished from the face of the earth.
The tale states that Shing used the staff to strike down one
of the Yama Kings — Pi Bien Wang, the King of the Hell of
Whips — who has not been heard from since.

APTENDIX

=
10


THE SWORD OF SHU MO PAN

Shu Mo Pan was the great-granddaughter of Yi, and one
of the Shih's finest warriors. According to most tales she
lived to the unusual age of 97 before meeting her death at the
hands of a weretiger. The sword she carried was used fre-
quently in her fights against the hengeyokai.

Shu Mo Pan's sword actually defends its bearer from
attacks by hengeyokai, moving with amazing speed to block
attacks. The sword also cuts deeply into Changing Breed
flesh, causing aggravated wounds. It is currently in the hands
ofa Japanese demon hunter who does what he can to keep the
peace in Tokyo.

THE FANS OF MA TETUAN

Ma Yi Yuan was certainly an exceptional Shih. Despite
her years as a demon hunter, she lived in the high society of
the Song Dynasty. There, while serving as the wife of aminor
noble, Ma Yi Yuan was frequently sought after, both for social
events and by nobles who had troubles with the shen.

Naturally, few people — or demons — expected Ma
Yi Yuan to be as resourceful as she was. Many demons
whom she defeated never realized — until too late —
that the two fans she carried were her primary weapons.
Exceedingly deft in their use, Ma Yi Yuan managed to
dispose of many threats to the safety of the nobles in
her area.

The fans are deceptively lethal weapons. These
thin metallic folding fans are razor sharp and as
strong as the finest sword blade. Beneath the elaborate
decorations of the fans lies a great deal of mystic power, as
well as a hunger for the blood of the hirayanu. The user of the
fans can deflect any spells cast by the fae, and is able to step
into their realm upon occasion, if the situation is dire
enough and warrants this violation of the realm.

DEMON HUNTER X

Additionally, the fans have the same effect on the
hirayanu that they have on mortals. Changelings are

dazzled by the fans, and after a short time begin
p to forget precisely who wielded them, as well as
J any events surrounding that person.

oy

STRIKER GUN

SFO's signature weapon, striker guns, are de-

signed to look like regular heavy pistols, but they are

lighter, stronger, and designed to be used only by the

individual to whom they are attuned. Each striker gun

has a small device in the grip, which works as the

"brain" for the pistol. If this sensor pad is not acti-

vated, the pistol itself won't function. Each sensor

pad has a mate which is implanted in the wielder's

palms —- left, right or both depending on the user's

preference — which functions as the starter for the

sensor. Aside from the standard security this allows,

this feature also warns of potential danger. Any agent

possessed by a spirit will not be able to use the striker, as the
bio-field of the agent is altered during possession.

Note: While possessed agents can't use the striker, an
agent whose mind has been dominated by an outside force is
not unduly altered by the effect. A vampire can still make use
of an agent as a pawn in this way.

STRIKER AMMUNITION

® Standard-issue bullets: Work just as well and effi-

ciently asa .44 Magnum bullet. See the accompanying chart.

© Silver bullets; Work as standard-issue, but cause
aggravated damage to certain entities.

¢ Sounders: Sounders are

actually very small bombs

designed to create a loud,


A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

piercing noise, loud enough to cause injury to sensitive ears.
When used on dogs, werewolves, Kuei-jin, Kindred with
Heightened Senses, and other creatures with hearing ranges
far beyond human, they cause pain and temporary deafness.
Sounders work within a 20-foot radius of impact and are as
inaudible to humans as a dog whistle.

When a sounder is discharged, the attacker must roll to
hit, but because precise aiming is not required, the difficulty
tohit is only 4. Once the target is struck, the player rolls eight
dice against a difficulty of the target's Stamina +3. For each
success, the target is deafened for one turn and loses three
dice from all Dexterity pools as a result of dizziness caused by
damage to the inner ear. Any creature using sonarlike abili-
ties to see is effectively blinded for the duration of the assault.
This bullet causes no other injury. If more than one bullet is
fired, the effects are cumulative.

¢ Tracker bullets: Tracker bullets cause only half the
damage ofa standard-issue shell (roll the same dice andhalve the
damage, rounding up). However if any damage at all gets
through, the bullet inserts a very small intramuscular tracking
device. This device has a range of 100 miles and is impossible to
detect by normal means. The tracking agent itself is an amalgam
of organic materials and nanites, and is otherwise completely
harmless. Normal immune system take no notice of the tracking
beacon, but Kuei-jin's bodies will reject the devices within 24
hours.

¢ — Ectoplasmic Disruptors: These bullets are wonders of
technology, designed to track a wraith's ectoplasmic energies
(Corpus). When a wraith is located, these bulletshome inon the
closest ectoplasmic trail. When they reach the center of the
energy field, they explode in a wave of energy designed specifi-
cally to cause injury to the wraith. Living beings are unharmed,
though humans with Humanity ratings of 5 or below may sustain
headaches from the radiation. Against wraiths, ectoplasmic
disruptors inflict five dice of damage.

¢ Rubber Bullets: Rubber bullets cause the same damage
asstandard-issue bullets, but the damage inflicted does not cause
aggravated wounds, even to humans. This damage is kinetic
only and causes no penetration. It's still possible to kill someone
with a rubber bullet, but it's far more difficult. Anyone reduced
toIncapacitated with one of these weapons is effectively knocked
unconscious and will recover in a few hours. All creatures may
soak the damage caused by a rubber bullet.

Every SFO agent is issued a striker gun. The agent is also
given four clips of standard-issue ammunition (16 rounds per
clip) and 1 clip of each special type of ammunition. Each
different round is color-coded.

Itshouldbe noted that havinga striker and being able to use
itare not the same thing. Despite treaties allowing agents access
to other countries, several of the governments in question won't
allow sucha powerful weapon into their borders, and many more
will gladly confiscate it after allowing it in.

STRIKER BULLET DAMAGE CHART
Diff.
Standard-Issue Bullets 6 6

‘Type Damage Range
Silver Bullets 6 6"
Sounders 4 Specid

‘Tracker Bullets 6 6 (halved) +

Ectoplasmic Bullets 4 5
Rubber Bullets 4
* Causes aggravated damage to most hengevokai.

* Sounders cause eight levels of dan for the purpose of deafening an opponent.
+ Places at

# All dan

cing unit in the target.

is "temporary" and nonlethal.

vv vvvvvvyvwevyrevpeayvyevrevrevrevevpeeywywyéifyv
APTEND

CHARACTER TEMPLATES

SHIH WANDERER

Quote: Nice town you have here. No, I'm just passing through.
T noticed the villagers around here are very quiet...is there something
T should know about? I don't want to cause any trouble, but if
something is wrong, I may be able to help.

Prelude: Your family was forced to move from its long-time
home by the changing politics in China. Everything you'd ever
known was taken away from you because the government
needed your family's land. Still, your father was very patriotic
and the orders were followed without complaint. Three days
after the family had relocated, the monsters showed up. Where
the bat-faced things came from is anyone's guess, but they
decimated most of the village in a few hours. You were one of the
lucky ones — they didn't see you in your hiding place under the
bed.

But the stranger did. The stranger saw you and told you to
stay put while he handled the situation. Four of the demons died
before the rest of them flew away into the night. Your father's
body was the first sight to greet you when you finally came out
of hiding. Your mother and sister were nowhere to be seen,
but you couldn't miss what was left of your father. You
knew who he was, even though his head was missing.

The stranger let you cry, but he offered you no
comfort. While you were mourning, he ransacked the ‘
house, stuffing all the small valuables he could find into the
pockets of his shabby coat. Then he asked what you wanted
totake with you, and he gathered that as well as every scrap
of food he could find. When it was all packaged, he forced
you to give your father a proper burial. Then he gave you
a bundle of your own clothes and took you by the hand.

The years that followed were harsh, but you en-
dured them, suffering his constant criticism all the while.
Praise was rare, but every compliment you received was well
deserved and fought for. Two weeks ago you met with and
killed the last of the demons that killed your father. Of your
mother and sister there has been no sign, but you haven't given
up hope yet.

The same battle that ended the miserable existence of the
bat-things also ended the life of your teacher. Just as he'd taught
you, you took the wealth he had in his pockets, the weapons he
carried, and the food he'd stashed in his pouch. You also took the
time to bury him properly.

Concept: It took 17 years for you to finally become Shih.
During that time you've had little contact with other people,
and most of the ones you've met were too weak to be any good.
You've come to understand that not all shen are evil, and
you follow the doctrines taught by Yi so many centuries
ago, but you don't always like what you do. If not for
your mother and sister, you'd consider giving up
being a Shih and be perfectly content working for
the highest bidder. You know how to fight, and
you know how to win. That is enough in many
places to guarantee a nice living.

DEMON HUNTER 1

But there's the family to consider. Regardless of all else, you
must find them, dead or alive. If they are dead, all shen shall pay.
If they are alive, the demons are someone else's problem.

Roleplaying Hints: Most of the people around youare weak.
They cry in terror when they see a murder, or they allow
themselves the luxury of sufferinga cold from time to time. You're
made of sterner stuff, just as your master taught you to be.

You're brusque and businesslike, being polite only when you
find it helpful in gathering information. You don't like the shen,
and you don't much like other people, either, at least not until
they prove to you that they have a litrle backbone and can fight
for themselves. Stay quiet, unless something needs to be said.
Answer honestly any questions asked of you, and let someone else
worry about hurt feelings. You've got a mission to accomplish, and
it's already taken 17 years to get started.

Equipment: staff, sword, demon-braid, surplus hand gre-
nades, assorted pieces of jade, a very battered photograph of you
family, two pocketfuls of coins and rumpled bills, three cold egg

rolls for emergency rations, a
selection of dirty, threadbare
clothes in an American

Gl's duffel bag


NAME: NATURE: Curmudgeon SUPERIOR:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Zoner DUTIES:

CHRONICLE: concept: Shih alanderer RANK:
ne ATTRIBUTE S antec e ——
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength ee@ee0000 = Charisma, @0000000 Perception, @@@00000
Dexterity. @0000 = Manipulation. @@e00000 _siIntelligence @@000000
Stamina eee@e@0000 = Appearance ee000000-~—s« Writs. @@000000

Te £8 iL iT iE S ance ——---

TALENTS
Acting. 00000000
Alertness @@000000
Athletics, @@000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge @0e@00000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation @e@000000
Leadership. @0000000
Streetwise, @@000000
Subterfuge. 00000000

SKILLS
Animal Ken, @@000000
Drive @0C000000
Etiquette 00000000
Firearms. @@000000
Melee. @@0@00000
Martial Arts__—s @@@@0000
Repair. @0000000
Security. 00000000
Stealth, 00000000
Survival @@@00000

KNOWLEDGES
Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance, 00000000
Investigation, 00000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics @0000000
Medicine @0000000
Occult, @e00@0000
Politics. 00000000
Science. 00000000

| te PY ANT AG E S annette sre —— ---

SPECIAL ABILITIES

Quoc Shen @0000000

Qracofthe hoKuwe @0000000
Quootthe Yuan" @0000000
SC CMHLQ'D.
00000000
00000000
00000000

OTHER TRAITS
feretelerelerere)
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS
Inewtor @@@00000
Coulacks @@800000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

————= HUMANITY

VIRTUES
Conscience_____ @@OO00
"great
ca ———Atte,

@eee00e0000

= WILLPOWER

@©6000000 e°
oOooogoo0ogod

HEALTH
Bruised Qo
Hurt -10
Injured -0
Wounded 20
Mauled -20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated o

WEAKNESS

PO

9000000000
ooOo0oOo0o00000gn00


A_A_A_A_4A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

NEIGHBORHOOD PROTECTOR

Quote: Old Fong's at it again, huh? Well, I suppose I can go
over there and discuss the situation with him, but what's in it for me?
What? Of course I want something. I want a lot of things, butanew
blanket would do the trick. This one's falling apart, and I'm broke!

Prelude: Ma LiLong knew just the right words to say to you,
just the right promises to make you agree to join her in hunting
down the bastards who'd ruined your life. You'd lived all your
time in the same area, but you'd always managed to avoid having
the tongs come down too hard on you. You'd been completely
ignorant of what they were up to, and you'd never expected
they'd get to your betrothed, get her involved in drugs and
pornography until it melted her soul and killed her innocence.
Fora long time you just ignored the problem. She said she didn't
love you anymore and you let it go at that, too stupid to see that
she was suffering, until her body wound up in the harbor.

You stopped working for a better life and began sliding
down the same road yourself until the old woman literally
knocked some sense into you. She called you a
coward, accused you of letting your fiancée get
hooked and killed by the worst kind of scum,
and demanded that youdo right by hermemory.

All those years of kung fu training didn't
even begin to prepare you for what MaLiLong
put you through. She took you away for a
month, teaching youa dozen fighting tricks,
making you learn how to move silently,
how to focus your anger and dispel your
depression.

Then you went with the old
woman to gain your revenge on the
bastards who'd left your fiancée floating
cold and deadin the winter ocean. When
it was over there were 10 dead and dying
men on the ground, and one Kuei-jin
burning to ash in the corner of the ware-
house where the tong had kept its
contraband. You'd wounded twoandkilled
one. The old lady did the rest. Then
she told you about the Kuei-jin,
told you about how they like to
run things and feed on the
very souls of good people.

She asked if you
wanted to stop them
from causing more
harm, and after a few
days of contemplation,
you said yes. That's when
the training really began.

Now it's over. You are
finally on your own, ready to
defend the people of your neigh-

DEMON HUNTER 1

borhood from their own ignorance. Oh, many of them know that
the shen exist, but they don't like to think about it. They don't like
tosee...and that's where you come in. Now you help them when
they refuse to help themselves, and if you demand a price for
giving them protection, that's only fair. A man has to eat, anda
man needs a place to sleep. You've paid the price for your
ignorance, now others pay the price for theirs.

Concept: You know the rules of the game, and you make sure
everyone else plays by them. In your spare time you continue
practicing all that you've learned. Ma Li Longs still your teacher,
but her lessons are now more philosophical than physical. You
knowhow tofight, to survive, to win and to judge fairly. She made
sure of that before she let you go out on your own.

You treat shen with the respect and caution they deserve, but
the tongs are fair game. The drugs, the nastiness and the depravity
will be driven out of your neighborhood if it takes you the rest of
your life.

Roleplaying Hints: Be friendly and firm.

< The shen do serve their purposes, though the

nature of those purposes isn't always clear to

you. Some of the gangs making offers of

4 protection actually mean what they say. The
catch is knowing the difference.

Shen who follow the rules are fine.

Explain the rules to those who don't follow

them properly and then enforce those

tules as needed. Your mentor made it

very clear to you that attacking the

shen in anger is the best way to die.

In your eyes you are serving

the community, and in return

you expect compensation. You

don't expect a yearly income,

but you do expect an occa-

sional mealand the respect

you feel you've earned.

Still, violence is a last

resort, andinsultsaren't

enough toget you into

a fistfight, unless the

insults involve your

p family or yourdeceased

Equipment: bedroll,

wooden club, heavy pis-

tol with extra loaded clips,

silver-plated balisong, old

combat boots with razors

imbedded in the toes and

heels, brass knuckles,

short sword, box of

matches, lighter fluid, con-

tainer of finely ground black

pepper, several rolls of rice paper
with pen and ink


f

NAME: MATURE: Carediver SUPERIOR:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: fanalic DUTIES:

CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Neighborhood Frolector RANK:
i ATTRIB U TE S anne —— --

PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength_________@@@00000 = Charisma______@e@eeoooco0 Perception_____ e@@e@e@000
Dexterity. @@@00000 = Manipulation @0000000 _iIntelligence__.§=—— @e@o0000
Stamina, e@@00000 = = Appearance___—— geo00000)«= Wits__#ssSsessssSC OI.
rn OE TL TY iE S Sains eerie——
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Acting @@000000_—=s_ Animal Ken, CO0000000 Bureaucracy. OO0000000
Alertness, @@@00000 Drive. @0000000 = Computer_______ 00000000
Athletics__— @@O00000 Etiquette. @@000000 Finance. OOOGC00O
Brawl__ SS OG0O00000 Firearms. @@000000 Investigation, OOO00000O
Dodge @@O@BOCOCO «Melee QOCD00) Oo Law__________— eoo00000
Empathy__—— @@@O0000 ~~ Martial Arts ee000000 Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation_______ @OO000000 Repair. e@0000000-~=—s Medicine. 00000000
Leadership @@@00000 — Security. 00000000 — Occult. _ €@@00000
Streetwise_____— ®@®@@O0000 Stealth 00000000 __s~Poollitics. 00000000
Subterfuge_____—s @0000000 _— Survival. @@000000 Science. 00000000

re TD AIN'T AG ES ener ere ——— --

SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
Piauot le Jen @0000000 __Hewlor ss @@@00000
Lisuotthe hoKuns @OOCO00O.  ___Coulacis _ @@BOOOOO — Conscience ______@@@@0
Piauotike udu — @0000000 _____——s 71/1/0000
—______— 00000000 __________ 00000000 = $<lfControl__ eeee0
00000000 __ (00000000
00000000, __ COC oni —_—__— eee
00000000 «~__ SC 000000
OTHER TRAITS ————— HUMANITY HEALTH
00000000 @@@@0@@8@00 Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 40
00000000 Injured -10
coocoeoo ————= WILLPOWER Wounded oO
00000000 9 @ 88 @B000 Mauled _
ooooo00g0 UOOORAOOOg Crippled 30
00000000 Incapacitated oO
00000000 Po WEAKNESS
00000000
o0000000  FPAOV0000000

oooooo0d «=OOOOOOO000


gy

7,

SFO FARAPSTCHOLOGIST

Quote: The secret to finding the answers to any question
simply involves knowing where to look. With the demons, know-
ing where to look is as much a matter of luck as itis a matter of skill.
Fortunately, I'm a very lucky person.

Prelude: You always suspected there were other powers
at work in the world. Aside from a love of practical jokes,
your overriding passion was always the desire to know exactly
what lies in the darkness between the neon lights. In an effort
to prove yourself right, you studied computers, Latin and
mythology with an equal zeal. The computer skills earned
you a job at DTI, but your other passions earned you the
notice of Geichin Okamoto. You thought you were about to
get fired when the old man discovered you'd been research-
ing unexplained phenomena on company time, but instead
he looked over what you'd found, spent an hour asking you

DEMON HUNTER X

A_A A A _A_A

questions about your obsession with the supernatural, and
made you an offer.

Now youcan hack into almost any system with ease, and
the library of information available to you has put your
meager collection of antique tomes to shame. You've begun
to understand the societal connections the Hungry Dead
have in modern-day Japan — at least you think you do — but
the studies have only just started. Next project: Learning the
finer details of vivisection.

Concept: You live to solve mysteries. There's an entire
world of information to be discovered, and for the first time
in your life you have the skills, the financial backing, and the
proper tools to really learn the secrets waiting to be revealed.

The burning mysteries of the universe are waiting, and
as long as you behave yourself, you've got a means to get the
answers. Behaving isn't even that hard, because SFO keeps
you too busy doing what you've always wanted for your
practical jokes to get out of hand. For now, at least.

Roleplaying Hints: Always remember that the first job
is solving the puzzles. That's the important part. The jokes
can wait, but the chance to study captured demons is too
important. It's depressing when the trails you've been study-
ing lead only to another group of humans, but that's okay.
Now and then you get lucky anda real monster turns up. Play

by the rules and you get everything you wanted. But, if no
one finds out who's responsible for the itching powder in
the vents, maybe you can have a little fun too.
Equipment: laptop computer, several Japanese
translation dictionaries, a dozen outfits for
infiltrating any group on any financial level,
lockpicks, bribery money, joy buzzer,
striker gun, spare disks, encryption

AA
v mh


NAME: NATURE: "ester SUPERIOR: ;

PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Visionary DUTIES:

CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: 540 facap ee RANK:

he ATTRIBUTE S ameter ——
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL

Strength, @@000000 -— Charisma @@@00000 _s~Perception, @@000000

Dexterity @@000000 = Manipulation, @@@00000 _Intellligence. @e@ee0000

Stamina, @@000000 Appearance @@0800000 Wits, @e@@@0000

en si iE S Snes eerwe——

TALENTS
Acting 00000000
Alertness @@000000
Athletics. 00000000
Brawl. @e@000000
Dodge @@000000
Empathy. @@000000
Intimidation, oo0000000
Leadership @0000000
Streetwise 00000000
Subterfuge @0000000

SKILLS
Animal Ken, 00000000
Drive. @0000000
Etiquette, @0000000
Firearms. @0000000
Melee. 00000000
Music, @0000000
Repair. o000C00000
Security. 00000000
Stealth, @0000000
Survival 00000000

KNOWLEDGES
Bureaucracy_____ -s @O0QQ000
Computer. @0@00000
Finance. 00000000
Investigation, @@000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics, foletererererere)
Medicine. @0000000
Occult, @@e@00000
Politics 00000000
Science. @e@@00000

+h DV ANT AG ES anieeeenemenerrsre——--

SPECIAL ABILITIES
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

OTHER TRAITS
Lnchion Euppecssors 00000000

Pst-Baud Radio oo0000000
O00 00000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
lelererelecerere)

BACKGROUNDS ViRTUES
Backers @@e@00000
Resources ss @@@OO000 Conscience _ 90000
Contacts @@000000
nT 6161010101016! 6) Self-Control
00000000 Yin Chi 99900,
00000000 Courage
00000000 Yang Chi astro,
—— HUMANITY HEALTH
eeeee@e@e000 Bruised DB
Hurt -10
Injured ~10
———— WILLPOWER Wounded 20
©000080000 = Mad = 20
OooOo0o0o0o00000 Crippled 3oO
Incapacitated Oo

WEAKNESS

P'0

Ooo000000000
ooao0o0oo0o0000


<=
~

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

SFO ASSASSIN
Quote: No, I don't think we've met. I just have that kind of

face.

Prelude: The Yakuza was good to you. You had money,
influence, a dozen lovers to choose from, even a Platinum
Card. It would have beena perfect job if not for the disciplin-
ary problems. You got too cocky, and you're the first one to
admit it.

You didn't know the blonde from a week before was an
American reporter. You certainly never expected an inquisi-
tive brain behind those baby-blue eyes. Too much sake, too
much dancing, and the next thing you know, you're being
quoted in an American paper about the sorts of things you've
done for the Yakuza over the years.

Most of those tasks weren't the
type the Yakuza wanted men-
tioned. Before you knew what
was happening, the cops were
breaking down the door and
you were about to take a trip
to the sort of place you
swore you'd never visit. f
To make matters worse, BSS}
even if the law let you x
go, there was no way AVA
in hell the Yakuza 7) t
would forgive your £f
transgressions.

Then
Okamoto
came along and
gave youa simple
offer: Work for the
Strike Force and get
anewidentity, orface
the consequences of
your actions. Notmuch
of a choice, really.

where you started, working for
the Yakuza under a new iden-
tity and gaining the trust of
your old employers. Thanks to y=
the Strike Force, you've got it

Vv vv vyvyviyY
DEMON HUNTER X

all again and, as an added bonus, you've got a whole new life.
This time around you plan to play the game a lot more
carefully.

Concept: You never want to get caught by anyone
again. You just want to live the good life, even if the entire
thing is an illusion. When it comes to loyalty, there's no

doubt about who gets your alle-
giance: Strike Force Zero is
your family now, and al-
ways will be, because
they hold all the cards
and because they saved
you from your own stu-
pidity. Besides that, for
the first time since you
were a kid, you don't
feel you're dishonoring
the memory of your fa-
ther. Perhaps the old
man would even be
f proud, if he could see
you. You don't like to
admit to the feelings
you have about the tra-
ditional values, but they
are there just the same.
‘ Roleplaying
Hints: Nobody, abso-
lutely nobody, ever gets
to see inside of you. You
wear your new face like
the Kabuki Mask hid-
den under the skin, a
tool to reveal only what
you want to let people
see. Your smile is always
serene, and you never let any-
one see you sweat. Yours is the
ultimate poker face.

Equipment: garrote, throwing
stars, several knives, striker gun and
bullets (hidden in your sheath), sun-
glasses, casual business attire,
expensive shoes, fast car


NAME: NATURE: Yraditionalist SUPERIOR:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: § Sallaut DUTIES:
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Yhe Assasin RANK:
| he ATT RIB U TE S eaniiccnneinpemmeerermy——
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength___——— @@@00000 = 8=Charisma_____— @@O000000 _~—s~Perception_______— e@000000
Dexterity. @@@e@0000 = = Manipulation____——s g@@o0000 _—siInteiiligence__t_§-~—s g@o000000
Stamina, @@@00000 = = Appearance ee@e0c00o0)—s Wits _—__.___ @@000000
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting. OO0000000 Animal Ken 00000000 Bureaucracy____ 00000000
Alertness 00000000 =~Drive____———s ¢@O00000 Computer_____ OOQO00000
Athletics. @0000000 _ Etiquette. @0000000 ‘Finance___———s——§s @@O00000
Brawl. @@@00000 "Firearms @e@e@00000 Investigation, OO0CCO0000
Dodge. @@000000_ = Melee. eecococ0o—_ Law______———s Co;C00000
Empathy____———=S OVODOOO0O ~—— Martial Arts 00000000 Linguistics_______ O0OO}H0000
Intimidation, _.@@@00000 Repair. 00000000 = 3=.- Medicine____ @0000000
Leadership. @0000000 _ Security 00000000 Occult____ ss @0000000
Streetwise @@@00000 © Stealth, e0oco0cc00 ~~ Politics__§—— SS gOOO0000
Subterfuge. @0000000 Survival, 00000000 — Science______ 00000000

ee OTD ANT AG E S einen emnn——

SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES

00000000 _Sackers_ #00000
00000000 Resources Conscience______— @@®OO0O
00000000 _Cotlacts
00000000 _favers_e@@oooc0o — Self Control eee0o
00000000) ___ C0000
00000000 ____—C?>7/ICOOO00O Youth —__——seese
00000000. _____——_—s»°»70/70700000

. OTHER TRAITS ——— HUMANITY HEALTH

Xabukiask __00000000  @@ e@e0e0e@e@000 Bruised og

Shealh_ 00000000 Hurt 410
00000000 Injured -10
oo0o000000 — WILLPOWER Wounded 20
00000000 Mauled 20
o0000000 9 OOO 86 OBB00 Crippled sO
oooooo00 AOOOOFOFOO0 Incapacitated oO
00000000
00000000 PO WEAKNESS
00000000

poooe0e8 0000000000
00000000 ooo00qgo000og00


NAME: NATURE: SUPERIOR:

PLAYER: DEMEANOR: DUTIES:

CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: RANK:

| ee TT RIB UTES minnie crre——
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength @0000000 = Charisma. @0000000 Perception. @0000000
Dexterity @0000000-= Manipulations @OO00000 _Intelligence. @0000000
Stamina, @0000000 = Appearance @0000000_~—s« Writs @0000000
ih ESL iT iE S Manatee —. -
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Acting_________ 90000000 _— Animal Ken, 00000000 _ Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness oo00e0ccod Drive 00000000 = Computer. 00000000
Athletics, 00000000 Etiquette 00000000 ‘Finance. 00000000
Brawl, ooocce0nd Firearms 00000000 Investigation, 00000000
Dodge O0000000 ‘Melee ooccocco Law. 00000000
Empathy. O0000000 Martial Arts, OC000000 Linguistics OCCOCECO
Intimidation, 00000000 _ Repair. ECCCOC0O Medicine. OOOCO000O
Leadership 00000000 _ Security 00000000 — Occult 00000000
Streetwise. OQCOCO000N0 Stealth. 00000000 __—sC~PPlitics 00000000
Subterfuge OO000000O — Survival, 00000000 Science. 00000000

| ee DY ANT AG E S miiniiietienseerne-——

SPECIAL ABILITIES
@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
oo0000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS
00000000
00000000
oo0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

ViRTUES
Conscience @0000
Yangeni BPE,

OTHER TRAITS
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

——— HUMANITY HEALTH
O000000000 Bruised qo
Hurt -10

Injured -10

WILLPOWER Wounded 20
O000000000 Mauled 20
Ooooo0oo0o0o000 Crippled 30
Incapacitated o

Po WEAKNESS

eod0d00000000
oo00ao0oo0o0o0oo
