# File: Denizens of the Dreaming.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


IDENIZEN St.

oy Chriscopher Howard
wich Tadd CDcDiviex


Credics
Written by:Christopher Howard with Todd MeDivite
Developed by: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada
Edited by: Aileen E. Miles
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson
Artists:John Poreda and Melissa Uran
Front and Back Cover Design: Richard Thomas

Auchor's Acknowledgmencs

The author would like to thank the following
people...

© My assisting author, Tadd McDivitt, and also Dan
Ginn and Adrian Simmons for additional materials.
Thanks, guys for sparking my creativity. It's been fun.

* Bill Bridges, former developer of Werewolf: The
Apocalypse and current co-God of the Fading Suns™,
for getting me into this whole crazy business. Joke'sover;
you can let me out now.

* Ian Lemke, former Changeling developer, for
letting me go crazy on Kithbook: Nockers.
Figgerfurbingurbinburbibmurbinmitzermurbin!

* And lastly Jacl ‘asada and Nicky Rea for giving
me a chance to tie up some old threads.

a)

What is Arthaus? It's White Wolfs
newest imprint. White Wolf's mission
has always been to create art that enter-
tains; White Wolf Arthausis the embodi-
ment of this ideal. Modeled after small
press, the Arthaus team strives to create
those games and projects that are new,
experimental and unique. White Wolf
Arthaus now manages whole game lines,
supports others and creates specialty
projects whenever possible.

CAME STUDIO

(© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repeodhction without the written permision of the publisher is expres forbiklen,
‘except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be repreiiced for personal we only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dusk Ages, Mage the Ascension, Work! of Darkness and Aberrant ae registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. Allrightsteserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, out L'Amour et Liberte The Book of Houses Il and Noblesse Oblige the Book of Houses
are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc

‘The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge tothe trademark or copyright concerned.

‘This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements ae fiction and intended fot
‘entertainment purposes only. Reader dcretion is advised.

For a fee White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454- WOLF,

‘Cheek out White Wolf online st

huepieww whive-wolf com: alt games.whitewolf and re. games pstorytellet

PRINTED IN USA

Denizens of the Dreaming


Concenzs
Prelude: Kurcksarra Tuilighz
Incroduccion: The Cay che World Ends
Chapcer One: Things Fall Aparc
Chapcer Tuo: The Winds of Change
Chapcer Three: The Sleep of Reason
Chapcer Four: Building che PerFece Beasz
Chapcer Five: By che Silver Banned
Appendix: A Nighcmare Gallery



RaORERSARRA
CwIlLlGHe

Punctuated by black columns of smoke, the red Kureksarta Plains spread before
Warleader Azag in all their rocky magnificence. Battered but unbent, Azag leaned heavily
on his great scimitar and surveyed the carnage below, his massive hand shielding his eyes
from twin setting suns. Hot, soot-laden wind lifted his tattered cloak and teased his black
beard as his eyes swept along the jagged dragon-tooth ring of the Splintered Mountains.
Their twisted peaks stabbed impossibly high into the fiery sunset, casting long black and
purple shadows across the land. The wind blew from the Eastlands, carrying with it smoky
remnants of the great firestorm that had blown through a week before. Unfortunate
parosemes and other wind spirits, along with more malignant creatures of sickness and fire,
stam in the clouds' billowing embers, their cacophonous dirge echoing throughout the
land. Azag grunted his contentment at the day's victory, a deceptively simple exclamation
which drew an equally short but sophisticated animal reply from his aged uncle, Chorak,
who stood with six other warriors nearby.

The creatures that lay below them had fought well and with abilities Azag had never
seen. They burned with supernatural fire and some had as many as a dozen arms, Their
ferocity and sheer numbers had nearly pressed the already divided fir-bholg fiefdom to its
knees, but their ignorance of the realm proved their undoing. Despite their savagery, they


ee

seemed confused, almost amnesiac.
Azag used this to his advantage. Now
his men rounded up prisoners below,
tying their captives to killing posts and
hacking them to pieces in the animal
feenzy of their victory dance. Any sur-
vivors would go to the great flaying
machine to force their origin from their
lips, amnesia or no. The Silver River fir-
bholg had held this portion of the Red
Plains since time out of memory and
Azag would be damned if that would
change under bis reign.

This attack from the Eastlands was
the first test of Azag's mettle as the
tribe's warleader after his mother's
death. He had acquitted himself well.
Carrion birds lazily circled the darken-
ing fields, but Azag's eyes focused on
movement from another quarter. Leta,
beloved consort and comrade-in-arms,
strode up the pathway tomard him, her
leonine gait beautiful and predatory.
Armortorn in several places and charred
in others, still she grinned triumphantly
as she approached. Azag returned the
smile, gathering her into a forceful
embrace before his men, his powerful
stag's antlers locking with her shorter,
curved horns. Their mouths wrestled in
A fierce animal kiss, which Leta ended
with a small bite, drawing a delicious
wisp of blood from his lip. Her love and
passion nourished Azag like a banquet

fed a starving man. Uncle Chorak gave a
wolfish grin of approval.

"H'rah, my lady, it seems you are
somewhat the worse for wear since } saw
you last," said Azag, mindful that his
Men awaited new orders.

"And you no less, my lord and love,"
she laughed. "These damned spiders,
‘naraka,' they call themselves. Do they
serve the Red Court?"

"Perhaps. The firestorm has blown
the flotsam and jetsam of a dozen distant
realms upon our borders over the past
week, but the naraka are the most worti-
some. Their coming portends death and
other poisonous spirits travel in their
wake. Almost a quarter of our clan has
fallen ill. 1 hear it is even worse in other
strongholds. The Red Dream atwakens,
despite our seers' assurances; even the
Five Great Beasts are in turmoil."

"Well, we have given them pause
enough today," interrupted Chorak, lick-
ing the blood from his ax for emphasis.

Azag and Leta laughed their agree-
ment with the old warrior's sentiment,
but Azag remained troubled. The fir-
bholg had been pressed hard over the
past centuries merely to survive. Once,
the great Beast-Kings had ruled over all
they could see, meting out pain or plea-
sure as they saw fit. After their victory
over the ancient fomorian courts in the
time-before-time, however, the Men of
Bholg had suffered defeat at the hands of
the hated Cuatha d¢ Danaan and had
since fallen even further. Barbarous foes
surrounded them on all sides — the
fuaths of the forest lands, the Bright Ones


and the Middlemarch redcaps to name
but a few. Leta and Chorak walked ahead
on their way back to the Silver River
fastness, laughing and boasting about the
day's exploits. Azag brooded, eyeing the
great bone-like machines that loomed on
either side of the path. Their form and.
function had changed a thousand times
over the centuries since the fall of the
Beast-Kings. Current fir-bholg seers could
only divine the simplest devices' function.
Torn from his weighty concerns by Leta's
sharp hiss, Azag snapped to bestial alert-
ness as his eyes spotted the signal light
from atop a nearby tower. Someone, or
something, was approaching.

Azag and his men melted swiftly into
the shadows; if it was the naraka, they
would rue the day they entered the realm
of the beast-men. The intruder's speed
was impressive; mercurial blackness
flowed through late twilight shadows,
accompanied by the sound of clattering,
hooves. Two of Azag's men leapt from
their perch with a guttural shout, casting
A wide net across the narrow passage.
Two more appeared from behind, swords.
drawn. The shadow form spun on its fell
mount in an affronted manner. A cold,
damp stench permeated the passage and
the two net-men fell dead, their screams
mixing with a sound like snapping twigs.
The first swordsman lunged, sweeping
with his short blade and drawing a tagged


— a

hiss from the darkling entity before he too
fell, his neck gouting blood. The intruder
hissed, its rasping voice hinting at dry rot
and unwholesome death. Then Azag and
his men were upon it. The creature —
here a patch of bare bone, there of black
Armor — twisted and turned with nearly
unimaginable speed and ferocity. An-
other of Azag's men fell dead, but at last
the weight of their numbers brought it
down. Azag ended the melee with a well-
aimed blow to its head and the creature's
dark steed fled shrieking into the night.

The noise summoned more of Azag's
clan who brought heavy, barbed chains to
bind the prisoner. The creature, now clearly.
visible, was a skeletal cadaver of a man.
His hollow, corpse-like eyes flashed yel-
low in the light of their torches. Horren-
dous old wounds ravaged the captive.
Azag realized they had only triumphed
over it because the creature mas already
butt by another, more potent, enemy. The
warleader shuddered to think of the
chained creature in its prime. Despite the
creature's alien appearance, it was its
fallen possession that most attracted
Azag's attention. In the dust lay a black
stone box without key or lid. When Azag
picked the object up, it seemed to pull,
gently but insistently, to the east. Embla-
Zoned on its surface was a black serpent
oiled around a golden tower — the
symbol of Harroth the Mute, one of the

Five Beasts. He was also one of the
Bright Ones, called sidhe by some.

The sidhe claimed kinship with the
fir-bholgs' ancient foes, the Tuatha dé
Danaan. Harroth's brood also claimed
kinship with the fomorians and openly
courted the distant White Court, mak-
ing him doubly dangerous in Azag's
mind. Harroth commanded not only
sidhe, but ogres, redcaps and other fear-
some creatures. Many of Azag's own
people — barbaric fir-bholg cousins
from the Dark Vale — served Harroth or
one of the other Beasts. Like the other so-
called Great Beasts, Harroth Balorsought
the shattered pieces of the Criumph
Casque of Sorrows wielded by the last
great fomorian king at the end of the
War of the Crees. Now with the Red
Court once again on the verge of waking,
perhaps this box contained part of the
lost key to the casque.

"Bring him," Azag growled.

The cadaver would not speak, nor
even scream. Maddening. The greatflay-
ing wheels slowly scissored away chunks
of its body in a vain attempt to wring the
truth from its throat, at last reducing the
creature to strips of twitching flesh and
tendon before the pale yellow light fi-
nally left its eyes. Azag bit his lip, trying
to push down his disgust. Not at the
torture, for it was a harsh truth that such
things were necessary (though Leta chose
not to watch), but that such a creature
existed at all. Its silence was no sign of
bravery, for it soon became obvious that
it experienced neither pain nor pleasure

= an anathema to the passionate fir-
bholg. A captured nataka did not do
quite as well against the machine, spit-
ting his defiance for some time before the
master confessor finally tore down his
resolve. The prisoner confessed that he
and the other invaders were indeed am-
nesiac, but that they had fallen under the
Serpent And tower banner in return for
Harroth's aid in regaining their lost past.
Azag had to admit some admiration for
the enemy warrior's resistance and re-
warded him with a swift death.

Finally, exhausted, Azag took to his
bed in the high tower of his bone fortress
for the first time in three nights. Leta was
still abroad, ordering the organization of
theclan's defenses. AsAzag lay his round
helm upon a table, his long black hair
cascaded around his weathered face. He
studied the coffer with its serpentine
emblem; there was much to consider and
he did not know where next to turn. A
sharp knock interrupted his thoughts.
Ardifal, his shield bearer, appeared at his
command fo enter,

"A soothsayer has come and begs
permission to speak with you, master,"
said Ardifal. Normally Azag did not en-
fertain such charlatans, sending them
away with hands bound and pelted by
stones and excrement — if they were
lucky. Still, there were some who truly
knew the ways of Din and the moment
seemed propitious.

The seer was not what Azag expected.
Grizzled old pooka skinchangers or
women of a disfavored Bholg clan were

—_———_—~eey

the most common diviners in the Red
Plains. This woman was small and lacked
the horns, fur or other animal features
most often seen in that clime. She was
pale and fragile. Long fiery red hair fell
in ringlets around her sharp features.
She wore a simple white robe and san-
dals that seemed ill suited to the terrain
she must have traversed to reach the
tower. She could almost pass for one of
the Bright Ones, but her beauty was
muted and did not radiate the terror and
magnificence that marked the first chil-
dren of Dana. Azag thought he could
crush her between two fingers, but some-
thing in her gaze gave him pause.

"So, vagabond, what brings you to
me? Have you come to read my palm or
sing for your supper? Perhaps you wish
to help yourself to my treasury's five
gems? Speak! If your jests amuse me,
you will leave here unharmed. If not..."
The smile died on his lips along with his
bravado. Something about the woman's
eyes — knowing, unchallenging and
amused — pierced his very soul.

"No, fiery lordling. ] come not for
reward, but to bring you advice — and
A warning," her voice tripped melodi-
ously like the Silver River in spring, yet
portended gathering storm.

"Then you honor me with your pres-
ence," he mocked, though she seemed


a re ce ee tis a \

impervious to his sarcasm or his intimi-
dation.

"Yes," she agreed. "The loom of fate
binds you tightly to that which has fallen
into your possession. You hold the fate of
your kingdom, if not the entire Dream-
ing in your barbarian hands."

"You speak of the box? It is the
Casque of Sorrows?" he whispered.

"No, though its time, too, shall come
again. The Red Court awakens and holds
its first torporous reune since time for-
gotten. Some served the Red Dream's
cause even as it slumbered; these now
seek to spread the red fomorians' path of
blood and pain to the source of all things."

"The firestorm! Was that the Red
Court's doing?" exclaimed Azag, his sus-
picion and warrior's cynicism evaporat-
ing in the bright datwn of sudden revela-
tion,

"In a sense, though it stemmed from
Another source. A power from outside the
Dreaming has played its allotted role
andisno more. Door Ravnos, so timeless,
ambitious and doomed," she sighed. "His
passing has broken the chains which
bound the Red Court to the Splintered
Peaks and once again the red fomorians
enter their ageless cities. The White Court
is already abroad in the Forest of Lies. If
the Red Court should regain its full

senses, then so too shall stir the Green
Court and all will become Black..."

She did not need to finish. Azag and
Adozen rulers before him had fought the
Red Court's worshipers for too long to
diminish the disaster of such an event.
His own advisors predicted that the
End-of-All-Things would not occurfor
Another hundred generations, yet in the
endless carnage that surrounded
Kureksarra, it was easy to think of this
in the present tense.

"But then, your seers' record has
been less than impressive of late..." The
woman did not utter the words, but it
was clear from her eyes and infuriating
half-sidhe smile what she was thinking.

"Then what shall be done?" he asked,
Angry, confused, even a little frightened.
His enemies were numerous and allies
hard to find, especially since the cursed
Asterlanhad slain the Lord of the Moun-
tains.
"Why, you must take the box to the
Source of All Things, of course. The
casque is A key that shall find its own
lock if you will permit it."

"The Source of All — ?"

"The Flesh Realms. The land of men,"
she said, her voice now hinting that she
was patronizing a simpleton.

"Humans? Phah! Our lore-speakers
tell of such creatures in a far-away land
and even of those called the Beaker
People who once served us. They are the
product of children's dreams, nothing
more," he said, his voice trapped be-
tween derision and wonder. "Besides,

why would such a weak and primitive creature be the source of all things?"

She stepped forward, a simple action far more menacing to Azag than her
dainty form suggested. He felt strangely like a hare transfixed by the serpent's
gaze.

"You have had your advice. Now, little chieftain, your warning..." The
melodic voice dissipated, swallowed up by a raven-croak; the woman's youthful
features aged into those of an ancient crone. "The keremet — the creature you
slew — its box has its pull; you felt it; did you not? Despite their power, your
enemies Among the sidhe are replete with weaknesses. They must exchange their
souls with those of their human receptacles to gain their ends in the Autumn
World. This box holds one such human soul, a soul exchanged for that of Harroth
Balor no less. You see the Mute as one more enemy in these blood-soaked planes,
but he is far more, and his entry into the Waking makes him a Danger to the true
order of things; he defies Fata's wheel in his cursed arrogance. Your concern for
your people makes you an ideal agent for Fate in this matter, and by serving us
you serve yourself. The old Paths of Balor are opened once more and the path lies
clear. Itis not often that the Sisters Three give such a warning; disregard it at your
peril." The woman was close to him now, her breath hot on his face. For a moment,
he felt as weak as an infant. Then she was gone and Azag was shouting for his
fastest messenger.



Bn bon @ mm ns SB Ba Ss = &

ey,
pL neg ne riog
sti
Cen

LIN.

we

Tr
Ss

The late Autumnal winds blow cold with new signs one inageometric pro n that swiftly grows beyond
and portents. Endle the control of even the greatest powers.
which reflect humanity

derlie the

ie lands
Every nightmare or ja nd broken spirit in the since the Shattering. The Kithain
Autumn Ws of ethnic cleansing, gence, with its vast changes to both the fae's political
torture or child contributes another

1s, changelings, long bound to the Autumn Lands,
once again explored their dream-spun heritage
Earthbound fae rejoic

would change


toanew age of harmony, but toa time of greater conflict
as the newly empowered fae battled each other. Pitting
courtagainst court, nobleagainst commoner, the Kithain's,
newfound access to the Dreaming fed age-old animosi-
ties. Still, the Dream Realms known to most changelings
fell into.a rough sort of equilibrium after the early shocks,
of the Accordance War. For a while, it seemed as if the
center might yer hold.

Now, a mere 30 years after the watershed events of
the Resurgence, another, perhaps greater event rocks the
world of the Kithain. While the fae battle for mastery
over the Near Dreaming and its environs, more chthonic
forces continue their inexorable climb to the light of
human consciousness. Swaddled in the tenebrous realms
of the Far and Deep Dreaming, these forces now make
their move. Still mostly shrouded in shadow, new crea-
tures emerge.

Additionally, recent events in the flesh realms, the
inscrutable designs of the prodigals, have had devastating
repercussions in the Dreaming. Because of these and
other events, old paths never touched by the Silver
Path's protective embrace have reopened with a ven-
sgeance. Over the past year the Paths of Balor and other
nightmare trods, long thought extinct or sealed forever,
by ancient magic, have sprung back to life. First in a
trickle, then a deluge, these old paths disgorge alien,
often hostile beings onto the shores of the Near Dream.
ing, even encroaching on the physical realms. Dark
chimera, Thallain and other fell creatures walk without
fear in lands long thought tamed by the Kithain, with
seemingly little respect for either kith or court. Perhaps
m z of these new arrivals are those whom the
Kithain know collectively as Dark-kin.

Denizens

The list of creatures found in the Dreaming is long
and varied. Changelings, Thallain, chimera, nunnehi
and inanimae each represent a different faerie pedigree
and a different thread in Fate's tapestry. Denizens of the
Dreaming is a book about the fae who have long been
sundered from the Autumn Lands and whose return is a
matter of very recent record. Changelings differ from
most other fae species and, until now, have held a unique
and privileged position. Swathed in human flesh, they
walk with equal facility in both the Dreaming and Au-
tumn Realms. Those creatures that the Kithain call
Denizens straddle the division between the earthly fae
and wholly spiritual entities such as chimera. Alien yet
strangely familiar, these entities are more closely related

14
WP

Denizens of che Dreaming

GN

to the Kithain than one might first suspect. Once the
various kiths now known as changelings existed wholly
as creatures of spirit and dream, yet dwelled side by side
with humanity. During the Shattering, as the cold winds
of Banality grew, the Kithain underwent the Changeling
Way Ritual, clothing themselves in human flesh to
survive. Other spirits retreated into the Dreaming.

Kithain arbitrarily called these creatures "Dark-kin"
because of their vile reputation as servitors of the Elder
Darks. Despite their abrupt departure from human lands,
the Denizens (or "adhene" to use the old parlance)
maintained a direct, albeit subtle, connection to the
human psyche. Personifying various aspects of human
dreams or fears, the number of adhene species is vast and
varied. Of no single genesis, these "first cousins" of the
Kithain grew and changed along with humanity, even as,
some forgot their Earthly origins. Now, the old dream
roads lie open again and these long-<leparted spirits find
themselves once more free to explore the realms of their
birth.

Using This Book

Denizens of the Dreaming, the first Arthaus book for
Changeling: The Dreaming in the year 2000, is a book
of nightmares. This sourcebook presents not only the
darker aspects of the Dreaming —alien Denizens, night-
mare trods and the imminent return of the fomorians —
but also the ways in which they affect the Autumn
World. The Year of the Reckoning has come and gone,
leaving behind a whole new host of problems for the fae.

sting with this book, the world inhabited by the
changelings becomes much more dangerous. This does
not necessarily mean the series will inexorably follow a
path toward Endless Winter, but the Changeling line
will undergo a number of tumultuous changes in the
coming years.

Denizens is meant for use by both players and Story-
tellers alike. Each of the adhene described in this book
are fully detailed player character archetypes and may be
used in either a Denizens-only troupe or mixed in with
parties that feature more familiar changeling kiths. Al-
ternately, a Storyteller may choose to.use the creatures in
this book solely as Storyteller characters to spice up an
ongoing chronicle. Sections suggested for Storyteller use
only are clearly marked. Further, this text departs some-
what from the familiar faeries of Celtic folklore toexplore
the fae of several other world cultures. Denizens of the
Dreaming cannot pretend to represent the vast variety of
such creatures, merely giving a representative sampling

SPSL


of the many creatures of dream once again abroad in the
World of Darkness.

‘Chapter One: Things Fall Apart explores the unique
history of the Dark-kin and the shared heritage that
forever sets them apart from, and at odds with, the
Kithain. Italso delves into the recent events which have
enabled (or necessitated) their return.

(Chapter Two: The Winds of Change gives informa-
tion on the Denizens and their environs, as well as the
changes that their abrupt emergence from the Tenebrous
Realmshave wrought in the more familiar Dream Realms.

Chapter Three: The Sleep of Reason details infor-
mation on each of the Dark-kin usable by both players
and Storytellers alike.

Chapter Four: Building the Perfect Beast provides
complete character creation rules for Denizen charac-
ters, as well as new Merits, Flaws, Backgrounds and some
Potent new Arts hitherto only rumored by changeling
mystics.

Chapter Five: By the Silver Banned offers advice to
Storytellers on how best to create a chronicle based on
the exploits of the Dark-kin or how to incorporate them
into an existing Changeling chronicle.

Appendix: Nightmare Gallery details notable indi
viduals, Dark-kin and otherwise, who seek to prevent or
profit from the Denizens' return.

Orcher Sources

Thisbook draws both information and inspi-_ |
ration from several other sources. Besides Change- |
ling: The Dreaming 2nd Edition, this book |
references material found in Nobles: The Shin- |
ing Host; Pour L'Amour et Liberte: The Book
of Houses I; Inanimae: The Secret Way;
Dreams and Nightmares and Time of Thin
Blood (a sourcebook for Vampire: The Mas-
querade). Though not necessary to utilize this
book they may add to its scope and enjoyment

Lexicon
Adhene (AD-heen): Old Form word for all the

Denizens of a given race. This term is sometimes used to
refer to all Denizens everywhere.

Arid (AH-ree-ah): The triad of forms and emo-
tional states exhibited by each Denizen. The three Aria
are the Dioniae (base instincts), the Araminae (the
everyday psyche) and the Apolliae (the "higher-self").

‘Augmen: The tendency for Denizens to lose power
as they approach the Autumn Realms.

Banal Shiver: The poisonous seed of Banality inher-
ent tothe changeling mixed breeds. Denizensdonotstart
with this, but may gain it by overexposure to the mun-
dane world.

Denizen: Also known as Dark-kin, those fae nomi-
nally in the service of the fomorians, banished from the
Autumn World after the War of Trees. The Denizens in
this book include acheri, aonides, fir-bholg, fuaths,
keremet, moire and naraka.

‘The Evanescent: Denizens who stayed on Earth
during the Miririm. The so-called Evanescent adhene
include the aonides, keremet and moire.

‘The Fading Path: The Denizen term for the path
followed by the changelings who followed the Tuatha dé
Danan.

Lords of the Mound: A noble adhene related to the
trolls, now extinct.

Meridianus (MER-id-e-AH-nus): A void-likerealm
of violent winds and shadow chimera left by the Tuatha
dé Danaan to guard against the Denizens.

Miririm (MIR-i-rim): Literally, "The Eclipse," this
is the period beginning with the end of the Tessarakonta
during which the Dark-kin were banished from the
Waking.

Overlords: The non-fomorian generals of the
Fomorian Dream. The most potent of Dark-kin who
have the fomorians' ear, or even older species (such as the
spider-like Aslynthi).

The Silver Ban: The ban enacted by the Tuatha dé
Danan that banished the Denizens from the waking
world and keeps them from walking the Silver Path

Tarrarom (TAIR-a-rom): Eruptions of dark Glam-
our during the Miririm in which some of the Evanescent
came to the waking realms.

Tenebrous Realms: Those realms off the Silver
Path, little known by the changelings but inhabited by
the Denizens.

Tessarakonta (TESS-ara-konta): Known to the
changelingsas "The War of Trees," this was the last great
conflict between the Tuatha dé Danaan and the



BS SSE Room BSR sz Ss = ws

LW? \ 7
met iE OT

a
jem
35

a

{2

H }
Me sta
i eae

Z|

Things fall apart; the center cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loo
The blood-dirm

The ceremony

ries of stony sleep
nightmare by a rocking cradle,
And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,
Slouches towards Bethlehem to be bom?
William Butler Yeats, "The Second Coming"

Hiscory of che Dark-kin

There are those h iesin the World of Darkness Things now lack balance; night isn't followed by day but

by twilight, then another night. Lord and commoner,
distant past, cha - a Fiméuluiincer and che Time of Legends

there was balanc existe In the beginning all was darkness and (paradoxi
Darks that stretched theit sh: e cally) all was light. The earl

by merest touch. But light I formed and reflected

appeared, the cycle of creatic prehend and control i a ave (Qj
s)

of nature, dictated that the ot follow. nameand nature to th N


conquer or understand. In the demiurgic light of
unwrought possibility, all things could be, and humanity
created its first gods and monsters. The Fimbulwinter
Country and the Time of Legends were opposite sides of
the same coin. In keeping with the Dreaming's nature,
they were periods of time, places and a state of mind all
at once. As with all things in the Dream Realms, these
statements are partly lies, but lies spoken so often that
they have become true.

Arising from this riddle, the earliest darks, the
fomorians, strode the Earth like colossi. Those who
wandered into the dark woods or over the hills beyond
their village fell prey to shadows that suddenly length-
ened and swallowed theie victims whole. Even for those
who stayed in the safety of familiar lands, the darkness
was never far afield. But there was beauty as well, perhaps
terrible and strange or comforting and familiar. Each of
these desires or fears took solid form, fulfilling this need
or thar role. The most powerful ofthese early dreams were
those creatures that hid in the dark. Ifthe fomorians were
the worst — great chthonic entities whose evil was
beyond human ken —so too were there smaller evils that
reflected man's darkest impulses. From these dreams
came the redeaps and numerous other bogeymen. Eldest
among these were the fir-bholg, strange creatures who
straddled the divide between beasts and men. Indeed, so
potent were these ancient beast-kings and queens, who
hunted like wild animal packs but used the tools of men,
that fora time they reigned supreme. The horrorand awe
they inspired was such that humanity's dreams empow-
cred them to cast down even the fomorians —at least for
awhile

Humans, however, were more than horrified animals
and wanted more from their gods than mere killers in the
dark. They aspired to greatness; their young and vibrant,
souls yearned for deliverance from bondage. In answer to
their call, the Tuatha dé Danaan and other demigods
arose to cast down the Elder Darks, fomorian and fir-
bholgalike, and fora time took the role of benign despots,
meting out justice to their subjects/creators. From these
first great god-monarchs came the other fae, those who
would eventually become the changelings, Denizens and
some of the other creatures of the Dreaming. Among
these were other great protectors such as the trolls or the
noble adhene called the Lords of the Mound. Orat least
s0 goes one version of the faerie tale....

Parables of original sin suggest another: Perhaps
‘humanity at first lived in peace and beauty and its darker
urges tore down its idyllic surroundings as humans have
done so many times since. It hardly matters. What was
important was the balance.

As it was in Ireland, home of so many changeling
kith, so it was with a thousand other creation myths
throughout the world. In another culture on the other
side of the world, pre-Vedic India and ancient Persia
dream-castitsown bewildering array of creatures. Among
these a class of beneficent creatures called Asuras in-
cluded the naraka, chaotic but civilized poets and phi-
osophers who lived in high style in castles made of gems,
and the healing acheri. Ancient and adaptable, these
creatures made the leap from animistic pagan totems to
polytheistic conceptual entities without missing a beat.
Hindu mythology took hold, transmuting the Asuras
into demons. The naraka's artistry took on a new and
malevolent cast as they went about punishing sinners in
the 21 Hindu Hells. The healing touch of the acheri now
brought sickness, corruption and death. And so it went:
Each continent, country and hamlet developed its own
traditions, seemingly different and startlingly the same.
In each place resided an archetypal elder darkness and a
guiding light, twin pillars of humanity's collective un-
conscious.

Even in the Time of Legends, everyday life was hard.
People toiled long hours to keep body and soul together;
thus appeared the spirits of hearth, home and field. Such
stories may have given rise to the familiar boggans, but
through a mirror darkly italso gave birth to the fuaths. In
atime without medical learning, death walked the land,
givingbirth to the legendsof the keremet. Unique among
the faerie races, the keremet were humans who, upon the
verge of death, were snatched from Heaven or Hell to
wander the Dreaming and inish some uncompleted task.
Distantly related tothe bean sidhe in genesis, the keremet
eventually gave rise to such traditions as the Wild Hunt
or the French L'Armée Furieuse who chased the souls of
the damned. Humanity did not wish to see the world as
a place of random chance and so constructed order,
harmony and fate. From these oracular desires sprang the
Ladies of Destiny, called Fates or Noms, in whose service
strode the moirae. Lastly, humanity desired beauty, cul-
ture and art. These pursuits lifted the human spirit
beyond its concem for mere survival and created some of
the most potent dreams of all. From these came the


and who the puppeteer

The Sundering

Human and fae, mutually dependent and equally

Ithas been said that the prodigals h:
it. Jealous blood-drinkers in growing cities saw humanity
as their own private demesne while human mystics
learned to control forces that had little to do with the


|

ROOK

oO

OZ

between the Seelie and Unseelie Courts, a split arose
over differing beliefs on how to deal with humanity, the
upstart prodigals and the fate of two worlds.

Despite differences between court and kith, for a
time the main schism that rent the fae was between those
who chose to stay the course in the waking world and
those who wished to take matters into their own hands.
The first faction hoped to change humanity's beliefs,
subtly luring them back to the fold through the magnifi-
cence of their works, of to live lives of separate, fragile
splendor in their frecholds. The second group wished to
re-assert the glories of the Time of Legends or
Fimbulwinter Country, returning humanity to the glo-
ries and horrors of the First Age. Behind these hostile
philosophies were, as always, the subtle machinations of
the old ones. The Tuatha dé Danaan and the fomorians
continued their aeons-long game of chess against the
backdrop of the human soul. The Children of Dana, long
weary of the world and seeking the Far Shores, supported
the Fading Path, that which advocated a graceful depar-
ture from the Autumn World. The fomorians, still hun-
sry for the sweetmeats of the human soul, wished to stay

‘Among the younger races, these divisions appeared
mostly along lines of kith (rather than court), with those
now called changelings on the first side and the Denizens
on the latter —though clearly there were defectors from
each philosophy. It is a tribute to the subtleties of the
game that ancient enemies such as most sidhe houses and
many redcaps ended up on one side of the board, while
creatures as traditionally hostile to each other as the
fuaths and fir-bholg landed on the other. Old enemies
became erstwhile allies; old friendships were cut asunder.
The satyrs and aonides, once lovers and friends, now
found themselves in opposing camps. Even more tragic
was the split between the trolls and their cousins, the
Lords of the Mound. Torn by mutual oaths (trolls to the
sidhe and the Tuatha dé Danaan, the latter to the fir-
bholg), these honorable tribes were trapped in a no-win
situation. Nor were all the sides taken in the war based on
ideology or honor. The acheri and the naraka simply saw
themselves as superior to the human rabble. The acheri
in particular desired to wipe the slate clean and return to
the old ways, before even the primitive medicines prac-
ticed by Hippocrates, when humanity tried to ward off
sickness and death by appeasing their angry gods.

SY

(SK

SS

£2

TRAY

L2

Wy.

Finally, there were those who stood aloof from the
burgeoning hostilities. The keremetand the moire, both
of whom had long filled a unique role in human and fae
destiny, observed a studied neutrality. It is rumored that
at this time a temple of moire violated their geas to
always speak the truth in their prophecies. For their
crimes, the Wyrd Sisters stripped the memories of their
TrucNamesand locked them away into the Dark Dream-
ing. In the Nightmare Realms, the collective dreams of
humanity slowly twisted and changed these spirits. They
retained their old abilities, but now they acquired ele-
ments of regret and revenge, taking on the aspects of the
Erinyes or Furies.

"Tessarakonca

The Shattering came early for the Dark-kin. Known
tothe changelings as the War of Trees, the Tessarakonta
‘was a war that may have lasted forty decades, forty
or forty days. Fought in the Flesh Realms, the timel
environs of the Dreaming and Arcadia itself, the war
enwrapped the world with signs of impending Winter.
Not merely another epic struggle between the forces of
light and dark, the Tessarakonta was a war to determine
the very fabric of reality. Vast movements across a
hundred realms and magic undreamed of shook land, sea
and air. The Firchlis, ever the only constant in the
Dreaming, took on a new and cataclysmic importan
changing oceans into fire and burying the airy realms of
the parosemes beneath the ground. Nor were these
dislocations of elemental geography the only permanent
change to the Dream Realms. Wars require secure supply
routes and, drawing from the Sea of Silver in the Deep
Dreaming, the Tuatha dé Danaan built the Silver Path,
for use by only those who served them. The so-called
Silver Ban, which prevented use of trods protected by the
Silver Path, applied to almost all of the Denizens and
remains to this day.

Evenly matched in many respects, neither side could
gain a decisive advantage. At the forefront of the Deni-
zens were the fir-bholg. Bitter about the throne lost to the
Tuatha dé Danaan and their children, many of the
men made common cause with their ancient enemies,
the fomorians, in an attempt to regain their hold on the
human world. Wielding nightmare energies now lost to
antiquity, fir-bholg monarchs became living embodi-
ments of the dark Firchlis. At their direction great rivers
of screaming blackness scoured thousands of the Tuatha


dé Danaan's warriors rom the field. The warreached new
depths of desperation on all sides; even the honorable
trollsand the noblest of sidhe were forced to use methods
they abhorred. On the other side of the lines, the noble
Lords of the Mound found their oaths and virtue stretched
beyond the breaking point as vassals ofthe fomorians. In
secret reunes, these and other fae sought to re-establish
the old balance; they almost succeeded.

Wars are not fought only with weapons and blood,
but with secrets and treachery. In the last of the war's
Nine Great Battles, the Arcadians and the fomorians
met on the Edenic plane of Kureksarra in the Near
Dreaming. The violent Firchlis of the conflict tore the
moon from the sky and shattered the landscape; the
newfound strangeness of its splintered peaks perma-
nently moved it deeper into the Dreaming. At the center
ofthe conflict, the Red King of the fomorians wielded the
Triumph Casque of Sorrows, a weapon of unspeakable
power. Even unopened, its effects were devastating,
raining poison and fire down upon his enemies as they
sought to stand against him.

Pursuant to oaths made and broken, the Lords of the
Mound attempted to wrest the casque from the Red
King's heart, slaying an entire army of their former allies
inthe process. Betrayal wrought betrayal, and the Dream-
ing and Fate punished the Lords of the Mound's valiant
efforts (and broken oath to the fir-bholg). In the Night-
mare Realms that surrounded the fomorian court, the
Lords were cut-off from all aid and slaughtered to the last
‘one. Some say the Gwydion sidhe, mistaking them for
enemies, fulfilled Fate's decree. Others blame House
Balorfor the Lords' destruction;still more claim the trolls
granted honorable death to their oath-broken cousins. A
few claim that the Lords committed mass-suicide to
compensate for their deeds.

Thisaction seemed todestroy the will ofthe fomorian
hosts. Pethaps the Lords partially succeeded, making it
too costly for the Red King to open the casque and
destroy his enemies; perhaps the Red King foresaw that
indirect conflict would ultimately be more successful. It
‘matters little. What does matter is that he shattered the
‘asque's key and cast the parts into his enemies' camps
where they would sow eternal strife, before plucking the
‘asque from his heart and dying. Routed, his army was
forced to flee before the triumphant Arcadians into the
tenebrous realms of the Dreaming. The remaining
fomorians were trapped by the Tuatha dé Danaan who

imprisoned the White Court in the Forest ofLiesand the
Red below the Splintered Mountains. The enigmatic
Green Court voluntarily went beneath the Sea of Silver.
Then, in a final gesture before departing the known
Dreaming, the Tuatha dé Danaan made permanent the
Silver Ban (in effect barring the defeated Denizens from
Earth) and drawing the Mists about the Dreaming, eras-
ing all but the dimmest memories of the war from
humanity's mind.
The CDirixim

Imprisoned behind a wall of silver, the former allies
did notstay together long. Without the fomorians to lead
them, the dark armies broke apart in distrust and mutual
rectimination. Though barred from many lands by the
Silver Path, they found the remaining realms nearly
boundless; each adhene went its own separate way. Out
of either nostalgia or a desire to catch fresh dreams, some
adhene sought to cleave as closely as possible to the Near
Dreaming, which remained tantalizingly close to the
Flesh Realms but impossible to touch. Among these, the
naraka, acheri and the aonides remained closest to the
realms of men. The naraka continued to live in their
gem-encrusted towers, inaccessible tomostsilvered trods,
but sometimes appearing through the Mists to fae and
Dreamers alike. When a great plague or other epidemic
swept the Autumn World (for so it now was called), a few
acheri might find a temporary passage back to wreak their
vengeance on a world that denied them. It was the ever-
capricious aonides, however, who had the most luck
piercing the Arcadian veil. Connected to humanity's
closest dreams — and seen as largely harmless, even
beneficial by the victorious changelings — mi
secretly stayed in the realms they cherished. Deni
whatever adhene, who managed to stay behind on Earth
became known as the Evanescent because of their ten-
dency to disappear from one realm into the other.

Other Denizens became creatures of the Far Dream-
ing, though only a few mad individuals dared the Deep
Realms. Many fuaths, angry at their lost position of
prominence in the Autumn Realms, took up places in the
Great Forest. There they learned its oldest secrets and
harried fae visitors unwise enough to leave the Silver
Path. It is whispered that some tended the fomorians of
the White Court who slept, imprisoned in the forest's
great trees, while others sought to live their own liv
wild and free of external influences. The fir-bholg, em-


bittered beast-kings that had gambled all and lost, re-
mained in the Splintered Mountains and Kureksarra to
forever remind them of their defeat. There some made
common cause with the mountain giants or became
caught up in the endless wars of the Red Fields in the
hope of regaining the Sorrow Casque and, hence, their
revenge. Some built great cities, remembrances of the
human realms. But without direct access to humanity's
artificing knowledge (and because of the deleterious
effects ofthe Firchlis), the citiesand their great machines
soon fell into disrepair.

Lastly, the keremet and the moirae, ever secretive
and neutral in the conflict, were allowed to goabout their
errands unimpeded by the Silver Ban. The keremet, dead
humans in fae form, were attracted to the Autumn
Realms and most believe that banning them from the
Silver Path would have taken more energy than the
Tuatha dé Danan were willing to expend. The keremet
continued their private missions of vengeance or salva-
tion, while others became secret messengers between the
Autumn Realms and Arcadia. Sometimes appearing in
the Autumn Lands (especially to those conversant in
Soothsay), the moire continued to deliver the edicts of
Fate to those who would listen. Their sibylline warnings
went unheeded by the victorious sidhe; a fact that many
feel contributed to their own ignominious banishment
during the Shattering.

The Shazcering and Beyond

Of the Shattering, and 600-years-later the Resur-
gence, the Denizens were well aware. Indeed, with their
pestilential powers, the acheri spread the Black Death,
both in the Waking and the Dreaming, encouraging the
forces of inquisition and hastening the decline of the
earthbound fae. As the victors' proud towers fell to
Banality and despair, the sidhe and other fae retreated
from the Autumn World. Still smarting from their defeat
and both real and perceived wrongs, the Denizens along
their path of retreat fell upon the fugitives, attempting to
mete out their revenge. The Silver Path was still strong,
however, and most of these attacks came to naught asthe
imperious sidhe passed on their way. Only a few fool-
hardy enough to stray from the path ended up in their
enemy's clutches. Time passed. The world changed and
with it the Dreaming. The cold touch of Banality with-
ered even parts of the Silver Path and the Denizens (and
even darker creatures) had time to plan and attack.
Rumors reached the Autumn Realms that Arcadia lay
under siege or had fallen from within.

The wisest changelings still don't know the lie or
truth of these rumors, but one thing iscertain: The moon,
landing opened the old pathways and the sidhe returned
to the waking realms. They left Arcadia in great armies,
tall and proud in their saddles. As they passed through
each successive barrier of the Mists, however, the Augmen,
lessened their powers and their enemies lay in wait.
Vengeful Dark-kin, bestial servants of the fomorians
(known as the "Fell") and other, even darker creatures
waylaid the passing nobles. Such was the ferocity of these
attacks that the Seelie and Unseelie nobles found com-
mon cause. The greatest ofthese battles took place in the
Vale of Mists on the cusp between the Otherwhere and
the Autumn Realms. In a desperate rear-guard action
twin armies of Seelie and Unseelie sidhe battled their
way into the waking world. Injured, dazed and blinking
in true sunlight for the first time in six centuries —
surrounded by the retreating sounds of their attackers —
the sidhe felt victorious. The Accordance War and the
reclamation of their rightful thrones till lay ahead. Their
memories obscured by the Mists, the sidhe nonetheless
felt that the worst was behind them. They could nothave
been more wrong.

July 1999 and the Presene

If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once
into the sky, that would be like the splendor of the Mighty
One... | am become Death, Shatterer of Worlds.

— J. Robert Oppenheimer, quoting the Bhagavad
Gita after witnessing the A-bomb test at Los Alamos

Note: This section contains some sensitive Story-
teller only information and may not be appropriate for
players beginninga Denizens campaign. Last year's Time
of Thin Blood covers this information in far more detail.
Denizens and changelings alike know little of these
events as yet, but Storytellers may wish to read that book
for further insight.

If the doors opened a crack during the Resurgence,
events among the prodigals slammed them all the way
‘open in the summer of 1999. One of the oldest Children.
of Lilith, a creature known to some fae as "Ravana,"
awoke near India and began to call his children to his
side. The psychic emanations of its awakening rippled
‘out across the world, causing nightmares for its descen-
dants, changelings and human sensitives alike. Other
prodigals moved against this creature of the Elder-Dark

in a desperate attempt to prevent it from regaining the
fullness of its power. The fury of their attacks and the


ensuing battle thr
hiding the supernatural from humanity. Wielding pow:
ersof a secret origin, the creature and its brood conjured
some harmless, some deadly, from thin air.
airing of a subtle solution, used
their greatest weapon, a technological/spiritual "bomb"
of devastating proportions. Even this did not stop the
‘creature, however, though it laid waste to the spirit realm
in every direction and caused the horrible dea
nillion innocent human souls. At the last, however, the
light of the rising sun, reflected on the vampire by
technological magic, reduced it toash. The danger ended,
the victors undertook the task of damage control, blam-
ingthe human deaths onatyphoon that raged
battle site. On the surface, the battle seemed to be one of
blood against steel, few ever associated the danger with
something as ephemeral as dreams.

In the dim recesses of history, before the two n
divided, Ravana the Wanderer was a guest of the early
Unseelie Court. Ancient and powerful pacts were woven,
between the fae and their guest, giving him and his brood
the ability to call extrusions of the Dr
Autumn World. Ravana's death loosed the full force of
the Dreaming contained within the now
Combined with the circumstances of his destruction
(and the thousands of hum:

ned to rip apart the veil of secrecy

h of a

nd the

ims

-aming into the
n pacts.

s who died with him), the

cataclysm wrought explosive results in the Dreaming,

opening long sealed trods into the dark dream realms and

TOA

shredding the nearby Silver Path like tissue. A vaststorm
of ancient blood and darkling spirits cascaded through
the Dreaming, affecting even the most distant realms.
The naraka and the acheri were at ground zero for these
events. Many died in the ensuing holc

forever changed by the spirit energies re

among the first to enter the Autumn Realms.

Now long banished adhene are free to walk again in
the waking world. The first hoarfrost of Endless Winter
has frozen the ground and the scent of snow is heavy in
the air. Humanity lies before the returning fae in all its
neon splendor. New dreams full of terror and mi
cence travel at the speed of thought through the Internet
or the ether. Fresh insights and modem nightmares
beckon the returning Denizens, who arrived first in a
trickle but now ina growing stream. Some have returned
to fulfill old pacts of revenge, some are merely curious
about the changes that occurred in their absence; still
others fulfill murderous missions for unknown
Far from forestalling the coming Apocalypse, the Hidden
Ones may have hastened it. A cautionary tale, perhaps,
for those who cavalierly tamper with the spirit realms

Atlastthe old darksretur
Denizens who app
harbingers of Final Winter. /
Iypse or secret vassals of hope? This is the riddle and the
story of the Dark-kin

id many believe thatthe
ar at their forefront are the first
re they avatars of Apoca

Chapcer One: Things Fall Apare



TS

rye
i CH
lua:

Half chant, half animal-howl, the ragged voice was
razor-edged with pain

"I bring you the heart of a Son of Adam, treacherous
enemy of the Mother. I choked his soul with foxglove and ergot
and wormwood. Accept my sacrifice and hear my loss

The chanting form who prostrated herself before the
great, rotting tree was neither woman nor animal, but the
grieving spirit ofboth, a fuath, herder ofcatle, guardian of the
Winterweir and implacable force of avenging nature. Never
more so than now, when one of her own lay dead.

Eyes imnedred with madness and hot tears, she conjured
the crueles spirits ofthe forest, darkling powers of the Forest
of Lies. Once she fought them, now she welcomed them.
Bi

the old Pact of Samhain-Ostara I beg of you a boon.
Give me strength and cunning to strike down my foes. Cloud
their eyes with terror and let them know my loss. Oh, Ardat
Lili, Old-Dark-Willow-Mother, avenge me of my sister-
wife's loss."

forest held its breath, then all around her the fog
began to move , though there was not the faintest hint of wind.
White, osseous figures with eyes that glowed icy-blue caressed
her, whispering promises of blood and murder and revenge.

4

mm ww

ob

Denizens and
Their Environs

ning goes on forever. There is only one
of mount:
‘ome pi
., over billions of acres, en¢

s and one sea. If
at Forest
very tree,
deepest jungle, enchanted cloud forest or wooded lot
The conceits of geography mean little in the Dream
Realms, which have few permanent places of reference
Nevertheless there are a few landmarks which stay more-
or-less constant against the Firchlis. Some of the loca-
tions mentioned below are covered at length in Dreams
and Nightmares. Things change, however, and in the
brief time that has passed since the twilight roads re-
opened, certain places have altered considerably. Addi-
tionally, this chapter covers some hitherto undisclosed
realms — off the Silver Path as it were — most com-
monly frequented by the Denizens. Finally, this section

Chapcex Two: The Winds of Change

y


details some of the methods by which the Denizens enter
the Autumn Realms.

The Tencdrous Realms

Not defined by any map or borders, the Tenebrous
Realms is a catchall term used by changelings to define
the poorly understood realms off the Silver Path. To all
but the most adventurous changelings, these places are
considered dark, alien and dangerous. To the adhene
who live there, they are simply — home.

Perhaps the most telling fact about the Denizens'
relationship to the Dreaming is that few of them call it
that. Many see the Dream Realms as the only true reality
and the human world as but one more realm (albeit an
interesting one) if they think of it at all. This sanguine
view of the human realms often evaporates once the
Denizen has walked its Banality-riddled streets. The
human realms hold a strong "moth to the flame" lure for
the adhene, Because of the Augmen, Denizens become
less powerful as they enter the waking world (see Chapter
5). Those Denizens in-the-know call the Dreaming the
spirit world, acknowledging in some way that they are
projections or "dreams" of another realm. But the sheer
horror experienced by those who discover that they are
merely the product of someone else's dreams, albeit
sentientones, drives some Denizens to madness or death.
The waking world may be a pretty bauble, tempting to
possess, bur it can also bum.

On Trods

More than mere roads, trods are the arteries through
which the Dreaming's energy flows. This section gives a
brief description of several types of dream roads and their
relationship to the Denizens.

Tuuilighe Roads

The fae refer to those unknown trods not protected
by the Silver Path as the "Twilight Roads." Because the
Earthward fae were victorious in the War of Trees, most.
trods leading to the waking realms are so protected;
entrances usable by the Denizens are rare. Though
Ravana's death re-opened many old paths, these are a.
distinct minority in the Near Dreaming. Twilight Roads
increase exponentially in the deeper realms. Many of the
Twilight Roads are one way, like the Paths of Balor.
Denizens who follow them into the waking realm have a

Denizens of che Drcaming

hard time returning unless they can find a non-silvered
route back out. Many of the Denizens who enter the
waking world thus become trapped. Most Twilight Roads
can be traveled by anyone; thus changelings may travel
these trods (if they can find them) but do not enjoy the
benefits of the Silver Path. Few of these paths are well
mapped by Kithain and many are a mystery even to the
Denizens. To changelings such trods are dark, dangerous
and best used with caution — if at all.

‘The Pachs of Balor

Many Dark-kin use specific trods, known as the
Paths of Balor, ancient roads that predate even the
Silver Path. Some of these roads may lead anywhere in
the Dreaming or beyond. Their use has its limits and the
dangers in traveling them are great. Because the Paths of
Balor are all one way, traveling a road to its destination
contains no guarantee of a safe return. House Balor
knows the entrances and exits to many of these paths
though, contrary to theit assertions, they donot rule over,
them. They do often control the ends of these trodsin the
Near Dreaming (most frequently the Green Paths), and
have set up patrols nearby. Any Denizen who comes
through these guarded trods must negotiate with House
Balor if they wish to pass. There are three known types of,
trod in this category: Black, Green and Gold.

Black: The Black Paths of Balor lead to the
Shadowlands, those realms inhabited by the human
dead. Infrequently used by most fae, they are sometimes.
traveled by sluagh and the bean sidhe. The enigmatic
keremet use them toferry human souls exchanged for the
sidhe when the latter take human bodies. Black paths
wind throughout the entirety of the Dreaming and boast
outlets in the Autumn Realms.

Green: These served as the fomorians' supply roads
during the Tessarakonta. They travel to many points in
the Near and Far Dreaming, also leading to the middle-
realm of werewolves and other spirits. Almost all Deni-
zensare familiar with the Green Paths that surround their
home realms. Though possible for a changeling to walk
these paths, the dangers involved make it a foolhardy
undertaking. Of all the changelings, redcaps, eshu and
House Balor sidhe are the most frequent users.

Golds The rarest ofthe three, the Gold Paths of Balor
usually only start in the Deep Dreaming and lead to the
realms of gods and legends. Few Denizens or changelings


of any sort use these trods, though there are a select few
which the moirze use to reach the Oneiric Kingdom of
Din.

The Silver Pach

Built to protect their forces during the War of Trees,
the Silver Path shelters changelings and other allied fae
from the depredations of their old foes. Most Denizens
may not travel trods protected by the Silver Ban. Those
who try lose a point of Glamour per tun and, once out of
Glamour, they lose Health Levels. Additionally, Deni-
tens must spend extra Glamour to attack those on the
protected path. A major disadvantage to the Dark-kin,
the Silver Path restricts their freedom of movement and
causes no little bitterness toward the changelings. There
are, however, several notable exceptions to this rule: The
two Denizen adhene that remained neutral throughout
the war (the moira and the keremet) may walk these
paths without penalty. There are certain rare Treasures
that allow non-aligned fae to walk the path. The fourth
level of the Art: Autumn Way (Dagda's Boon) allows
Denizens to walk the path without harm. Finally, a
changeling or other old ally of the Tuatha dé Danaa
may temporarily invite the Denizen onto the path by
spending a point of Glamour. This invitation only holds
for one trod and ends as soon as the Denizen leaves the
path,

The Near Dreaming

‘The Near Dreaming has undergone great changes
over the centuries, reflecting alterations in the Autumn
World. Mostly contiguous with the waking world, the
Near Dreaming roughly mirrors itin such peculiarities as
geography, culture, Glamour and Banality. Denizens
who live here have had a window into the realm's
‘ongoing metamorphosis — for better and for worse. Most
upsetting to the area's Denizens have been the changes
‘occurring in the short time since the Resurgence. Ban-
ished from the mortal realms during the War of Trees, the
Denizens who settled here were at least able to console
themselves with the fact that they dominated much of
the Near Dreaming. A ter the Shattering, mostfae either
fled to Arcadia or remained trapped in the Autumn.
World. Taking advantage of the confusion and the
‘weakening of the Silver Path, Denizens exacted fearsome
retribution upon the remaining fac homesteads, herding
them into small enclaves. During the Resurgence, re-
turing sidhe again broadened the Silver Path. Many

changelings, refugees from Banality, took up residence in
the Near Dreaming and sought to expand their influ-
cence, resulting in new hostilities between the old foes. At
first the returning changelings took full advantage of the
fact that they lone could travel intothe Autumn Realms,
launching raids on Denizen territories, then retreating to
"safety" in the waking world. With the recent reopening
of the Twilight Paths, however, the field has leveled
considerably

The CDeridianus

Denizens who make the journey to the
Autumn World quickly discover that reaching
Earth is far easier than turning back. Earth
exertsadarkandheavy psychicundertow which
the ephemeral Dark-kin have a difficult time
escaping. This "undertow" manifests itself in
several ways. Most important of these is a
region of the Near Dreaming that exists just
beyond the Mists. Called the Meridianus, this
ancient defense left by the Tuatha
aan to help enforce their Silver Ban. A
realm of howling storms and little substance, it
isalmost impossible to navigate and ishaunted
by dangerous chimera. Called dream-shadows,
these black shadowy masses attack any visiting
Dark-kin, dissolvingtheir chimerical substance.
Denizens only encounter this strange aspect of
the region on the way out of the waking world,
not upon entering it. The reasons for this
remain obscure, hough several theoriesabound.
One states that it was created to cut-off the
escape of a great fomorian army during the
Tessarakonta, forcing them to fight "with their
backs to the sea." Another, more popular, ex-
planation states that the Tuatha dé Danaan
prophesied that having some Denizens trapped
on Earth would be useful in the ages tocome. In
any event, this barrier exists for the Denizens
until they acquire two points of permanent
Banality after which it disappears as though it
never existed.


Occupying the borderland betwixt dream and wak-
ing, the Mists were traditionally seen as little more than
a place of transition. Entering the Dreaming a change-
ling might shed her human cares here, opening herself to
the wonders of the Dreaming. For those passing from the
Dreaming into the waking world, itis a place where the
Bedlam of the Dreaming ends and a changeling's human
side may again become grounded in reality. Lately, it has
become a place of dark, furtive movement. Few change-
lings, even those of the Unseelie Court, would take
advantage of the Mists' confusion to attack their fellow
Kithain. Most Denizens feel no such restraint. Here dark
chimera and Denizens attempt to confuse or lure change-
lings from the safety ofthe Silver Path. Iwas in the Mists,
where the last great assault against the sidhe occurred
during their exodus from the Dreaming in 1969. Since
then, certain Denizens (usually opportunistic bandits)
gather here, hoping to use the mnemonic Mists' amnesia
inducing qualities to cover their assaults or to watch the
waking world, Despite the advantages they previously
‘enjoyed, Denizens are no more immune tothe Mists than
are changelings. Recent security along the Silver Path
has improved and all but the most naive changelings are
aware of the dangers there.

Fields BeFore

A traditional changeling stronghold, the Fieldlings
weathered attacks by Thallain, wicked chimera and
Denizens alike. A place of relative safety, the Fields
Before were both strengthened and weakened by the
influx of changelings after the Resurgence. Most com-
monly inhabited by pooka, boggans and other sociable
changelings, the Fields Before have long been considered
among the most "civilized" realms in the Near Dreaming.
‘Things have changed considerably since the opening of
the Twilight Paths. A week of fiery storms passed through
the region, wreaking havoc upon itsresidents' simple way
of life. Fire, black tar-like water and strange chimera
rained down from the sky, poisoning crops and sowing
fear and dissension. These were followed by news of
savage attacks from abroad. Outlying homesteads in the
Fields Behind (in the adjoining Far Dreaming) have
played host togruesome massacresasredcaps, emboldened
dark-chimera and even worse creatures attacked from

the Bullydale Wastes and beyond. Now, in many parts of
the Fields, changelings and other civil chimera board up
their windows and doors at night. Once welcoming

strangers with open arms and fulsome hospitality, many
here have become suspicious or downright hostile.

CDaharaurava

Can any soul survive the searing fireball of an atomic
blast? If human and animal souls are seen as electromagnetic
force fields, such fields could be totally disrupted by a nuclear
explosion... Thisis precisely the ultrasecret and supersensitive
function of the atom bomb: a Soul Killer, to alleviate an
escalating soul glut.

— William S. Burroughs, "Sou! Killer"

Greatest victim of Ravana's death, the naraka home
realm's former beauty has forever disappeared. Situated
in a Near Dreaming realm which corresponds to North-
western India, Mahfraurava was at ground zero when the
Hidden Ones deployed their spirit-bomb. Few other
creatures have ever visited this realm with the possible
exception of the acheri. Changeling legends claim the
region was once the most beautiful and cruel of realms,
consisting of great jeweled mountains where even the
smallest stone was worth a duke's ransom. The naraka,
part of a faerie race called the Asuras, lived in civilized,
ifccruel, splendor, residing in vast palaces carved into the
gleaming mountains, lolling in their fruited gardens,
perfecting the arts of music, love-making and pain. It was
their job—sosay the legends — to punish wicked human
souls, boiling them in the region's rivers of molten
copper.

Mahfraurava now hosts a dark, blasted wasteland.
The Samvarta or Doomsday Cloud vents its fiery, ash-
laden anger upon the land. Hung heavy with fragmented
parosemes and solimonds, it vomits forth lightning, black
rain and tar-like hail stones. A great red and black fiery
vortex has appeared in the sky, and seeks to gather the
entire realm into its great mouth. Some say it leads to a
realm called the Lemniscate. At night the vortex tums
blue and great spider-like phantoms ride the howling air-
trods which surround it, attacking those foolish enough
to be outdoors, dragging their screaming victims to an
unknown fate. The molten rivers, once reflecting a
golden mirrored sheen, now choke with blackened ash.
The jeweled mountains are twisted spires of blackened
slag. Pieces of the realms former beauty appear here ot

Lee

fiery portals to the
ath and destruc

yng mercenary armies on the Red Plains while
seek out their lost origins. Of those who
ing world, some

way torecreate
their citadels of beauty and pleasure while others single-
mindedly pursue rumors of those who destroyed their

home.
The Blockeldur
The nomadic acheri have never had a home realm,

but ifthey did, some say the Blotkeldur would suit them.
Cold, wet and dismal, the Blotkelduris
of poisoned marshes, shallow meandering rivers and
sickly scrub. Deep in the darkest regions of the realm are
vast, yclopean cities built from the de
of behemoths long extinct in all but the d

idles morass

pest

ing. The meeting place for the White Court before the

s _ lands, but not before an

f

‘

Tessarakonta, their followers
vor with the pale gods by
ike. During the War of T

army drove the fomoria

ret here, hoping to
icing hun
great chan,
and their followers from the
army was slain

Many believe that the shades of both the sacrifices
and the fallen armies haunt the land. Jealous of the
living, they seek to steal their warmth and draw them
below the fetid waters. Despite the realm's inherent
hostility, there are those who wish to possess its secrets
The Acheron fir-bholg and the fuaths from the bordering
forests both claim preeminence over the realm, and
many of both races have died here over the centuries. As

curry

ns and

recently as the Resurgence two great war parties tracked
each other through the swamp. Neither one was ever
heard from again. Recent rumors whisper that the White
Court has returned to their old fastness and again gather
their forces.

The CDiddlemarch

Foothills to the gr
stonelands of the Mi
harshest realms in the

the arid
¢ of the
-ar Dreaming. Its most infamous

feat Splintered Moun

llemarch constitut


inhabitants, the Middlemarch redcaps, were on the los-
ing side in the Tessarakonta and banished from the
waking world along with the other Denizens. They are
both larger and more brutal than their Autumnland
cousins. The Acheron fir-bholg occupy the region's
higher strata. Known for their extreme decadence and
surprisingly subtle politics, their cities are darkly opulent
mares of enchanted crystal and precious stones. The fir-
bholg most frequently battle the other inhabitants of the
Middlemarch, but of late have allied with several local
redcap tribes. Their king, Ezag-Son-of-Eochaid, is a po-

tent, ancient sorcerer.

The Wyldaxir

Formerly an Arcadian protectorate, this forested
mountain region fell to several Denizen groups during
the Miririm. After the Resurgence, House Eiluned ruth-
lessly reclaimed much of its ancient lands and opened
them to re-settlement by disaffected changelings from
the Autumn World and the Fields Behind. Both the
changelings and native Denizens claim historical owner-
ship of the realm and much of the region has been
drenched with blood over the last 30 years.

‘Among the region's Dark-kin are the Black Forest
fir-bholg (also called the Corca-Duibhe) and a divided
fuath nation. The Corca-Duibhe are shorter, squatter
and more primitive than the beast-men of the
Splinterpeaks in the Far Dreaming. Wiser in the ways of
nature, they have almost completely forgotten the use of
their ancient machinery which lies in disrepair in the
surrounding forest caves. Insular and suspicious, they are
numerous and wage a war of attrition against the local
fuaths. Oddly, despite their savagery, the Corca-Duibhe
practice a form of participatory democracy among them-
selves. As in the Winterweir, some of the local fuaths
have thrown in their lot with the distant White Court
while the independent "Forcene Confederacy" main-
tainsafierce freedom. War between the fir-bholgand the
fiaaths weakened both sides to the point where they could
not repulse House Eiluned's return. Current adhene
resistance to the changeling occupation consists mainly
‘of murderous raids and terrorist actions. [tis whispered by
some that the Corca-Duibhe have entered into an alli-
ance with the White Court in order to gain vengeance on
the invading changelings. Some among the Forcene
Confederacy, however, have made overtures to the re-

| SGU SSS NOSNOSSNOSI

ROXGT ROSIN ORI

turning changelings, using their knowledge of the White
Court's return as a powerful persuasive tool.

‘The Wyldweir is now roughly divided into four
regions. The Eiluned Protectorate' ruler, Duke Egan, is
paranoid but calculating. He ules fromhisfloatingcastle
above a great lake. The Black Forest fir-bholg have been
pushed into a small but nearly impenetrable territory of
thick uncharted forests and rugged mountain terrain
borderingon the Splintered Mountains. The two warring
fuath nations battle over the wet forested lowlands near
the Winterweir. The final territory, the Surili Country,
ishilly and largely devoid of trees. Its inhabitants are an
ancient and primitive Denizen adhene of gargantuan
hill-giants called the obda. Dangerous but none-too-
bright, they hold an ancient animosity toward the neigh-
boring Denizens who have forced them into the hills.

The Far Dreaming

De are more common in the Far Dreaming
than in the Near or Deep Dream Realms. Most of the
Denizens who live here have largely forgotten, or atleast
downplayed, the importance of the Autumn World. It
was quite a shock to many when the great storms that tore
through their realms seemed to emanate from Earth.
While few, if any, of the Denizens in the Far Dreaming.
know exactly what happened, recent events have forced
them to look away from thei old agendas and once again
consider the human lands.

Fields Behind

Formerly civilized, in less than a year things have
changed considerably in the Fields Behind. Bandits travel
through the countryside. Formerly benign chimera have
taken an ugly turn. Large raiding parties from the
Bullydales have slaughtered entire towns, casting a dark
pall over the land. Unable to control the growing chaos,
some towns look to vigilante mobs to maintain order,
Traditionally commoner in governance, some desperate
‘communities have even turned to the sidhe for help. It
isn't strange to spot Red Branch or Balor knights or
Scathach abroad in the land. The region's strangest
defender is Anasta-dal, a "Scclie-minded" female fir-
bholg knight. Although viewed with suspicion, she is
known tohave saved several Fieldling towns from certain
destruction. Rumors of gathering armiesin the Bullydales
and of movements in the dark forests beyond mean that
few can genuinely complain of her protection.


FewDenizensare welcomein the Fields. Mostchange-
lings remember the War of Trees, atleast in legend, and
are suspicious of those not in the recognized changeling
fraternity.

The Bullydates

The swampy Bullydales have always been a problem
forthe Fieldlings. Long relegated to the badlands, forced
tosubsiston lichen and unpleasant things that live under
logs, the creatures of the Bullydale Wastes have become
heartened by recent developments. Formerly disorga-
nized and forced to come up the few navigable trods not
protected by the Silver Path, the clumsy raids mounted
fiom the Bullydales were easily routed by the keenly
aimed arrows of the Fieldlings. Only the local redcap
population constituted an intelligent threat, but they
were few in number. Now long-sealed trods have re-
opened. Fir-bholg, swamp drudes and the voracious
Middlemarch redcaps from the mountains beyond have
rekindled the flames of old.

New leaders have sprung up among the wastelanders.
Names like Neerak the Butcher and Olfar the Foul
(representatives of the redcap and fi-bholg respectively)
are now uttered with dread in the neighboring civilized
regions. The Bedlam-bound sidhe queen, Lenoora Ailil
now hosts a

her lands to launch attacks on the Fieldlings
Splintered fiefs of the fir-bholg alike, pursuing a rumored
alliance with Harroth the Mute.

Quox & Dux

Also called the Low Dukedoms, these animal king-
oars have slways maintained a precarious position in
the Dreaming. Before the War of Trees much of this
realm was under the heel of the fomorians who used the
animals for food or brute labor, despite their obvious
sentience. The servants of the Red Court have not
forgotten and in the past year the animal dukedoms have
suffered assaults from abroad. The majority of the attack-
ershave been fir-bholg from the Splintered Mountainsor
naraka. Parts of Mux and much of Quox are in flames, and
many of its lighthearted people have been slaughtered
without mercy of forced into bondage.

The Wincerweir

Situated in the Winter portion of the Forest of Lies
along a Nearward tributary of the Sea of Silver, the
Winterweir is a cool, misty place shrouded in mystery.

Home of the fuaths, few parts of the Forest are as thick
and wild as the Winterweir — or as dangerous. The
fuaths who live in this realm are suspicious of strangers
and generally drive them away unless properly propiti-
ated. Some do this merely to ensure their solitude while
others are actively malevolent. The former have good
cause for suspicion, especially given recent fir-bholg raids
and the activities of the second category.

Lately winter has been bitter indeed. First to awaken.
and youngest of the fomorian houses, after thousands of
years of slumber, the White Court is on the move. Once
imprisoned in the hearts of the forests' silver oaks, the old
whisperers at the heart of the Forest of Lies now spin a
new brand of waking terror throughout the woods. Sev-
eral tribes of fuaths have been quick to rally to the
fomorian banner, seeing in them an opportunity to gain
power, protection and revenge; though they have had to
swallow working with similarly allied fir-bholg from the
‘Wyldweir (a bitter but necessary evil). The Frost Court
occupies a frozen palace at the heart of the forest's
Winterlands. Ruling over these, Lir, offspring of a fuath
sorceress and a powerful fomorian lord, sends legates
throughout the Dreaming and now to the Autumn World
to spy and make alliances. Those who oppose Lir in the
‘Winterweir are mostly a loose-knit confederation of
independent fuath tribes and Seelie trolls from the dis-
tant Kyber Pass. Fighting a losing battle, they too have
‘sent out messengers to gain aid against the Frost Queen.

Besides the fuaths and fomorians, other creatures
inhabit the forest. Among the forest's most dangerous
inhabitants are the morozko (frost servants and minor
functionaries of the White Court), vicious packs of feral
wolf-pooka and the Ke'let (a monstrous invisible hunter
who strangles or freezeshis victims, hanging their corpses
from the trees). Most disturbingly, the Aslynthi, spider-
like generals of the White Court, have returned.

Kurcksarra and che
Splincered CDouncains

In stark contrast to the silent Winterweir, the Splin-
tered Mountains and Kurcksarra Planes are cacopho-
nous, even deafening. Claps of thunder peal ceaselessly
throughout the realm, creating a backdrop for myriad
other sounds: the clash of sword on armor, the hooves of
clattering war-beasts and the screams of the dying in
Kureksarra's endless war. The great whirling, grinding
machines of the fir-bholg — many without any known

3)
ig


purpose — add to the din. Underlying all this is a dark
and sonorous dirge, audible only to the unconscious ear,

which has grown ever more dire in the last year. Iris the

siren call of war. The second key, that which awakens the

Red Court of the fomorians, has just been turned. And

while it is unlikely that the court as a whole has arisen,

the Crystal Circle and othersuch luminaries believe that,

at least one ofits members, Phlogiston the Jester, is once

again abroad.

For centuries Five Great Beasts have battled for the
prize promised by the Red King before his death. The five
immortal generals' names read like a litany of the great
lords of antiquity: Tamur the Unexpected of House
Gwydion, Sir Bolsan of House Dougal, Kosa the Bull
(troll champion of the Tessarakonta), Harroth the Mute
‘of House Balor and Lady Allesande the Fair of the Fiona.
And, indeed, it is instructive that none of the Red
Courts' original followers are among the wars' primary
combatants (though the fir-bholg are certainly an inter-
ested party). The key to the Triumph Casque of Sorrows
(shattered intonine pieces by the Red Fomorian king has,
been the coveted prize since the War of Trees. Some of
the combatants originally desired the casque for good
purposes, but now all that matters is the fighting and the
dying. More or less equal, the Five Great Beasts have
been evenly matched for centuries, but as with so many
other certainties in the last year, things have changed.

‘A temple of moire inthe Splinterpeaks, renowned as
healers and oracles, holds the casque itself. Exempt from
the war by ancient treaty, their Grecian-style
mountainside temple is neutral ground and sometimes
used for meetings between the warring parties. The
moiraehere will only surrender the casque tothe one who
holdsthe complete key. Despite this potentially cataclys-
mic trust, they are generally "Seelie" in comportment
and gracious hostesses, lending advice and sanctuary to
those in need.

The fir-bholg have had soldiers on every side of the
combat, leading some to cynically conclude that, no
matter who wins, the beast-kings plan to come out on.
top. While most of them have a brutish edge, they pursue
varying philosophies and life-ambitions. Some are vio-
lent and brutal to extremes — murderers, rapists and
torturers. Others merely wish to ensure their own secu-
rity and pursue the natural freedom that is their animal
birthright. In the great Kureksarra war, fir-bholg have
served both marginally Seelie causes and made alliances
with the worst of the region's cannibal redcaps. Cur-

ROCKGICK

rently the best known clans extant in the Splintered
Mountains are the Silver River fir-bholg (also called the
Corca-Oidce) who retain a rough independence in ali-
ance with several thunder giants, and the Dark Vale fir-
bholg who serve Harroth Balor. Of the Five Great Beasts
it is a curious development that Harroth has recently
retired from the field, leaving the battle to lcthyus, a
competent if uninspired fir-bholg chieftain of the Dark
Vale. Whispered rumors have it that Harroth now fur-
thers the Red Court's fell designs in the Autumn World.

The Deep Dreaming
Not many ofthe Denizen listed in this book dare the

mind rending depths of the Deep Dreaming. Neverthe-
less, there are some notable exceptions.

The Onciric Realms

Ina world without constant borders, there are two
hypothetical lines by which some dream cartographers
measure the extent of the Known Dreaming: the Axle
and the Equinoctial. The first measures the Dreaming
from top to bottom. The second traverses the Dreaming's
horizontal median, acting asarough equator. As with any
such measurements in the Dreaming, this is largely an
intellectual conceit designed to give some sense of order
to an otherwise chaotic universe. At the top of this
fictitious Axle lies the Kingdom of Din. Besides this
there are nine other minor Oneiric Realms (Hypnates,
Moros and Hemera, Aether and Ker, Charisand Momus,
Diké and Protea) and three major ones (Arcadia, Night
and Silence).

The Kingdom of Dan

Among the most famous and mysteriousof the minor
Oneitic Realms, the Kingdom of Din is home to the
enigmatic threefold goddess/conceprual entities known
as the Fates. Also called the Noms, the Sisters Three are
most commonly portrayed as a triad of women who
appear as maiden, mother and hag. While this triad has
appeared numerous times in the past, they have rarely
been seen in the last few centuries —until now. Avatars
and messengers of the three Fates, the moire become an
increasingly common sight as the world continues its
inexorable plummet toward Winter. As with the Noms
themselves, the moire are difficul to fathom at the best.
of times and given to speaking in riddles.

The kingdom is virtually impossible for any besides
Fate's appointed servants to reach (though many have


DAs

tried). On a great island somewhere in the Silver Sea, the
kingdom is surrounded first by a vast and trackless desert,
then by a ring of impenetrable mountains and finally by
a great river of inky darkness. The kingdom itself is
Teportedly a sort of paradise, reflecting the best aspects of
both the Seclie and Unseelie Courts. Bountiful farms,
wild forests, crystalline alpine lakes and proud towers
play host to the favored children of Fate — the great
heroes, sages and poets who find their way here after they
have served their purpose in the greater world. King
Theat, a just and wise ruler, confers with the Fates on a
regularbasis. (Even most moirce cannot claim this honor.)
Although most believe him to be an ancient sidhe lord,
thereare some that believe he is of an even older genesis.
If the realm itself is a paradise, the same cannot
always be said of the pronouncements of the goddesses
who oversee it. Fate can be cruel as well as kind and those
who seek the wisdom of the Prophetic Sisters must pay a
heavy price. In times past even the gods had to humble
themselves to sample Fate's wisdom. At the kingdom's
center stands the Axle Tree, also called Yexdrasil or the
World Tree. Towering hundreds of miles into the air,
none may reach its top, which stretches into the celestial
realms. Surrounded by a river known as the Well of
Inspiration and Wisdom, the tree's roots are guarded by
Mimir, a fearsome and immortal water demon, and a
panoply of monstersand other spirits;
tree's roots unless permitted by Fate.
temple of the Three Fates. Those who wish to speak with
the Norns, to sample the fruits ofthe tree or the waters of
inspiration must spend a night in the temple. Attended
by moirae the sleeping visitor must plead her case in a
startling and dangerous dream. She who succeeds in
convincing the Noms of her cause has a choice: The
favored one may either meet with the Sisters Three,
drink from the Well of Inspiration or be ferried across the
river by Mimir to visit the World Tree. In extremely rare
instances the Storyteller may choose to let the visitor do.
allthree. The favored visitor must make a major sacrifice
topropitiate the Norns. Odin, itis said, surrendered his
eye to drink from the waters of inspiration.

The Noms themselves are awe-inspiring, beautiful
and terrible. Every word they utter hangs heavy with
portent and hidden meaning. They may answer any
question and will do so truthfully, though it may take an
army of seers to unravel their true meaning. A frequent
question for the Fates has to do with the true location of

Arcadia and their answer has sent supplicants to every
end of the Dreaming. Those who choose to drink from
the Well of Inspiration and Wisdom acquire the gift of
insight, permanently raising their Soothsay Art by one
level (maximum of 5) and, additionally, gaining the
Birthrights of the moire for a year's time. Finally, those
who visit the tree may either pluck a fruit from its lowest
branches (a mere several kilometers in the ait) pick up
one of the strange crystalline shards among the tree's
roots. The first contains a single memory from a great
luminary of the Dreaming and may offer the eater incal-
culable benefits. The crystals at the tree's roots, some
times called ana-klaven, may be the blood of a great god
‘or merely sap from the tree. They are frozen shards of time
itself and highly sought by those invested with such
magic, though few have ever unraveled the truc extent of
their energi

The Aucumn orid

From the lofty heights of the Deep Dreaming, ban-
ishment to the Autumn World may seem a dark fate
indeed. Nonetheless, the adhene's lore keepers under-
stand that the waking world contains the source of all
they see as reality. While a Denizen may be far more
powerful in the high branches of the Far Dreaming, the
roots ofthe tree hold the true source of their power. The
Denizens' greatest luminaries acknowledge the waking
world as those roots. Many Dark-kin recognize that, in
order to triumph over their enemies, they must master
the world of men. Unfortunately for the Denizens, the
Autumn World is guarded by fae who have wrapped
themselves in human flesh and who call themselves
"changelings." Entering — and leaving — can be diffi-
cultsince changelings heavily populate the Near Dream-
ing and still tell dark stories of the Denizens who served
the fomorians in the War of Trees. Denizens in some
parts of Autumn and the Near Dreaming may bekilledon
sight.

Now that the Twilight Paths are open again, enter-
ing the Autumn World is possible for the Dark-kin. Most
of the adhene who enter the waking world do so by the
Green Paths of Balor. Denizens may also enter freely
through raths or trods (provided the Silver Path does not
protect them). Opening a trod or a frechold rath is no
more difficult for a Denizen with the appropriate Art or
Realm than for any changeling, but the similarities end

Chaprer Two: The Winds of Change


there. As many Denizens are quick to realize, surviving
the Autumn World is the tricky part.

Encering the Aucumn World

Denizens are not creatures of this world, a fact
brought home to them in the troubles they encounter
when frst trying to manifest themselves here. Numerous
ways exist for the Dark-kin to enter the waking world —
at least now that Ravana's death has thrown the door
open. They're creatures of the shadows; it's difficult to
notice them most of the time. Like changelings, once in
the real world adhene must take on a physical shell to
further their ends, but theirs is usually a less permanent
arrangement than itis for the changelings, and Denizens
are mote susceptible to Banality. There are several ways
in which a Denizen may interact with the waking world.
By far the safest and most utilitarian methods involve the
‘Arts and Merits detailed in Chapter Four. A Denizen
without these abilities may still manifest in the Autumn,
World to a certain extent, but as with all chings free, you
get what you pay for. Below are the three most popular
methods (aside from the use of the Autumn Way Art)
used by Dark-kin to experience the waking world.
* Phantom Form

Inthe Dreaming, Denizens have solid substance, but
in the waking world they are no more substantial than a
fading dream, Without preparation, a Denizen's first
experience with the world will likely be one without any
physical existence. Fresh through the rath or trod, in this
wraith-like form the Denizen must pit his permanent
Glamour in a contested roll against the local Banality
rating every 12 hours. Every time the roll goes against the
Denizen, he gains one point of temporary Banality. Ifhis
temporary Banality reaches 10 he gains a permanent
point. If the Denizen's permanent Banality exceeds his
current Glamour he becomes Undone, forgetting his fae
nature and wanderingasa lost and pale phantom until he
is rescued of stumbles across a source of Glamour. For
obvious reasons it is difficult, ifnot impossible, for Deni-
zens in this tate to inspire Glamour in humans. Once his,
permanent Banality exceeds his permanent Glamour he
simply ceases to exist. This form does have advantages:
the Denizen may travel through physical obstacles and is
virtually invisible to anyone without faerie sight. Never-
theless, most Denizens find that, at least until they learn
their way around, the dangers inherent to this fragile
form far outweigh the advantages. Denizens in this form
are highly susceptible to being caught up in a human's

Denizens of the Dreaming

dreams (see Dream Traps, below). With Phantom Form,
the Denizen can use any of his Arts, and can call on any
Treasures or chimerical weapons. However all such ef-
fects are purely chimerical with no bearing on the waking
world, and the Denizen may neither Enchant humans
nor call upon the Wyrd.

* Simple Possession

The most active method of interacting with the
Autumn World without Arts, Simple Possession in-
volves the active possession of a non-sleeping human.
The waking human mind, however, is difficult for Deni-
zens to fathom and control; possession remains a short-
term proposition. Denizens who seek to take a human
form must expend a point of Glamour and make a
Willpower roll (difficulty equal to the target's Willpower
or inherent Banality, whichever is higher). For each
success the Denizen may occupy the target for one hour.
The Denizen may automatically add to this amount of
time by spending additional Glamour, each point buying
an amount of time equal to the first. By using this
method, the Denizen automatically gains a temporary
point of Banality. The Denizen takes on the Physical
Attributes and Appearance of the person he possesses
while maintaining his own Mental Attributes, Charisma
and Manipulation. This ability takes a full tun to
vate and only works on unenlightened humans, not
prodigals or humans possessing inherent magic.

Simple Possession confers no knowledge or skills
from the possessed person's life, thus making it difficult to
pull off a convincing masquerade against those who
know the person well. This is especially true given most
Denizens' ignorance of the waking world. Dark-kin may
seek out healthy of attractive individuals in the hopes of
maximizing this ability, but just because a person looks
strong or healthy, doesn't mean that this is necessarily
the case. With Simple Possession the Denizen can use
anyofhis Arts, common voile orchimerical weapons, but
cannot call upon any special Treasures. The Denizen
may Enchant mortals while in this state but may not call
upon the Wyrd. Possessed humans may remember their
actions while under this power (refer to the Mists Chart
in Changeling: the Dreaming) and have a vague notion
of an alien presence.

¢ Somnambulism

‘A popular method by which Denizens may manifest
themselvesin the Autumn World, thisform of possession


PAN PAN OVID 7D NOD dD DZD PAO

has several advantages and one major drawback. While
sleeping, a person's guard is down. During the REM Stage
a Denizen may slip into the person's consciousness. In
other sleep stages, ot if the target is awake, the Denizen
must use either the Autumn Way Art or Simple Posses-
sion. With Somnambulism the Denizen must spend a
point of Glamour and make a contested Glamour roll
‘against the sleeper's current Banality. If the Denizen
scores even one success, she takes control of the person's
body. During REM sleep the neurons in the brain stem
usually disconnect much of the sleeper's muscular appa-
rats, effectively paralyzing the dreamer. Able tocircum-
vent this to some degree, the Denizen is able to open the
sleeper's eyes, make him walk, talk and appear awake,
though ina daze. In this state the person's movements are
languid and not fully coordinated. This also affects the
Denizen, who feels mentally sluggish.

The same Attribute distribution as for Simple Pos-
session holds, but all Attributes are at -1 to their dice
pool. The Denizen may keep control ofthe person as long
asshe can keep him asleep, which is usually the natural
duration of the person's sleeping cycle. Loud noises,
bright lights and violent actions may awaken the person
(the Denizen may keep the person asleep through such an
episode by spending more Glamour and repeating her
initial roll). This ability only works on normal humans,
not on prodigals or mages. Unlike Simple Possession, the
Denizen may glean fragmented information about the
sleeper through his dreams. The main advantage of this
form of possession is that the Denizen gainsno additional
Banality from this experience. Since the Denizen is
joining the sleeper in his dream-like state, she is particu-
larly susceptible to Dream Traps (see below) in this
condition. Furthermore, a Denizen practicing Somnam-
bulism may also find her tertiary Arid attempting to
change personality. Lastly, because the human is, in
effect, Enchanted, he and the Denizen are both vulner-
able to chimerical damage in this form. Any damage
done tothe human form salsotransferred tothe Denizen's
body once she returns to it, though Wyrd or physical
damage done to the host only manifests as chimerical
damage to the Denizen. With Somnambulism the Deni-
zen can use any of his Arts, chimerical weapons and even
Treasures since she is closer to the Dreaming than when

A Noce on Suicching

Obviously, there exists adanger that some
less scrupulous players may abuse these abili-
ties, transferring from body to body in an.
attempt to cause havoc and avoid detection.
While itis technically possible to do just that,
changing from one to another should be a
costly maneuver. Aside from the Glamour
‘expenditure involved, those who switch bod-
ies more often than once per day should gain
some sort of derangement for the personality
fragmentation it causes. Each time the Deni
zen indulges in this practice, she should gain a
new derangement or deepen her old one.
Quite soon, such a being becomes far too
unstable to be used as a player character and
the Storyteller should take it away to become
an Storyteller character. Of course, it's your
game. If you have no problem with body-
jumping, c'est la vie! Still, ifthe characters can
do it, so can their foes...

using Simple Possession. She may also Enchant others,
but may not call upon the Wyrd

Not all Denizens left Earth after the War of Trees
Some individuals stayed behind, sheltered in hidden
enclaves throughout the waking world. Few of these
"Evanescent" fae (so named because of their tendency to
disappear from one realm and into another) underwent
the Changeling Way Ritual. Some stayed as spies or
agents provocateur for the fomorians or for rulers among
theirown adhene. Many stayed because they enjoyed the
Autumn World and its amenities, because they were
trapped or because they were renegades, hiding from
their fellow Denizens. While some were here since the
Tessarakonta, others appeared during eruptions of dark
Glamour during the Miririm. These episodes (named


7

Tarrarom by the A'themaut Doctor Tourette before his
disappearance) occurred during periods of great upheaval,
on Earth. Like the moon launch that engendered the
Resurgence in 1969, such occasions coincided with peri-
ods of intense emotion. Some of these were positive, but
the Tarrarom most connected with the return of the
Denizens were almost always periods of dark Glamour.
‘Wars, plagues, inquisitions and genocide sometimes
opened ways not protected by the Silver Path. Most such
trods opened and closed without notice, but sometimes,
opportunistic adhene entered into the Autumn World.
None of these were as intense or all encompassing as that
which occurred with the death of Ravana, however. The
most common Denizens to appear during these periods
were the acheri, aonides, keremet and moire. Through
their experiences, Evanescents have greater knowledge
of the world than newly arrived Denizens.

Bedlam and Banalicy

‘Among the first things a Denizen notices upon
entering the Autumn World (besides its bizarre people
and places) is the oppressive force called Banality. As
true creatures of the Dreaming, Denizens do not begin
with any inherent Banality. Without human bodies or
prejudices, they are free of the ravages of the Autumn
World and can sense the "Banal Shiver" inherent to the
changeling mixed breeds. This hasadvantages and disad-
vantages. On the upside, Denizensare almost completely
invulnerable to the madness of Bedlam. No Denizen ever
suffers from Bedlam from staying too long in the Dream-
ing unless she becomes too enamored by human and
changeling ways.

Unfortunately, this also means that, without the
changelings' protective earthly bodies, Denizens are highly
vulnerable to Banality once they enter the waking world.
To a Denizen fresh from the Dreaming, even the most
carefree changeling childling seems to carry ahheavy load
of Banality. Once trapped in the Autumn Realms, Deni-
zens soon realize how truly vulnerable they are to its
deadening psychic gravity. Also, since changelings cur-
rently control most ofthe freeholds, rodsand raths in the
Autumn World, it is difficult for newcomers to take a
refreshing dip of Glamour whenever they wish.

Glamour is a rare commodity in the World of Dark-
ness and the Kithain are understandably reluctant to
share it with old enemies. This reticence has already led
tobloody skirmishes when arriving Denizenshave forced

Denizens of the Dreaming

the issue. In game terms, Denizens start off with no
Banality. In fact, Denizens do have some small Banality
at root (pure Glamour without Banality is nothing but
chaotic, creative energy), but itis a negligible quantity.
Asthey experience the waking world, however, they find
that it is virtually impossible to avoid contact with
Banality.

System: Although Denizens gain Banality faster
than changelings (see Phantom Form and Simple Posses-
sion) they also dissipate it faster once back in the Dream-
ing. For every day a Denizen spends in the Dreaming, he
loses one temporary point of Banality, up to 9 points.
After that, the loss of Banality becomes a little slower,
though it is not as protracted a process as it is for the
Kithain (as detailed in Dreams and Nightmares). Each
permanent point of Banality after the first takes at least
ayear before it begins to fade (after it falls below two the
Denizen is again vulnerable to the Meridianus).

Glamour

Many Denizens are used to being "spoon-fed" Glam-
our in the Dreaming and initially may have problems
secking it in the waking world. Glamour gathered in the:
Dreaming, while easily procured and free of Banality,
doesn't have the immediacy or freshness of dreams drawn,
or ripped directly from the Dreamer. Some Dark-kin
become addicted to drawing directly from the source.
The biggest problem Denizens face is that unclaimed:
freeholds are rare. Most must therefore depend on
epiphany.

Rapture: Denizensaren'tsplitbetween the Dream-
ingand the Waking worlds like changelingsand have less
trouble achieving Rapture when creating. Once the
Denizen creates his work, the player should roll the
appropriate Attribute + Ability (difficulty equal to the
character's Glamour subtracted from his Banality +5).
Rapture may cause the Denizen to switch his Aria (see
‘Chapter Three).

© Ravaging: Most Denizens don't share the Seelie
‘Court's objections to Ravaging, though psychic rape isn't
universal among all adhene. The rolls for Ravaging are
identical for both Denizens and Kithain.

‘© Reaping: Some Denizens draw Glamour from the
dying. An extreme form of Ravaging, simple murder isn't
enough to release these energies. Reaping requires the
Denizen to literally frighten her victim to death (some-
times through repeated Ravagings). Reputedly used by


TS

(difficulty 5). The
ofa

in which

* Rhapsody
because it perma

strict
tally thro.

TS
ss

<

a

QW

the returning Deni:
ativity of human Dreamers. Many

SANS.

Rz

Se

law prohibits Rhapsody


4

NADAS

Ultimately, the Storyteller should decide how "Earth-
bound" she wants her game to be. If she wants the game
to be a gritty, desperate battle just to survive in the mean
streets of the World of Darkness, she may wish to increase
these difficulties, throwing all sorts of obstacles into the
characters' way before they can reach the Dreaming

fa

Ls

Given the importance of sleeping
dreams to the Denizens, it's important to

again. Ifthe Storyteller prefers the high fantasy aspects of
the Dreaming, she should diminish or eliminate the ban.

Dreamuar

The Dreaming is created by human imagination,
asleep or awake. The sleeping mind hasa particular place
in the Dreamscape, for here itis at its most receptive and
powerful. Denizensare creaturesof the in-between places,
ofthe subconsciousand unconscious mind. Bom directly,
from human fears and desires, they have a deep and
abiding connection with the dreaming mind, though
most of them haven't had direct contact with humans in
centuries. For the Denizens, chimera, changelings and
other dark creatures of dream, the murky twilight of the
‘human subconscious becomes the arena in which they
battle to determine the very nature of reality. Largely an
invisible battle fought with spirit and mind, this secret
conflict goes on unnoticed by the prodigals and human-
ity alike, but is as important to Earth's fate as any other.
Alien to this world, the Denizens feel more comfortable
navigating the fluid realms of Dream than confronting
the rigid realities of Banality. In dreams, space and time
mean little, but to the Denizens they are no less real for
all of that. Even after facing the idea that they are
projections of the human mind, most Denizens continue
to see the world of dreams as far more "real" than the
mundane sphere.

Over time Dark-kin master the fundamentals of the
waking world, but largely see humans as collections of
dreamstuff, creatures of slumbering night-terrors and
midnight flights of fancy. Looking past the surface reali-
ties, they glimpse the naked human soul. Many Denizens
(though they may not admit it), gain a sneaking admira-
tion for these dream-makers and even feel affection for
them. The same cannot be said of the fomorians who
have always seen — in so far as anyone may guess their
views — humans as mere chattel. To the Dark Ones and
those who serve them, humansare little more than dream

understand the human sleep cycle: Young
adults tend to have between four and six
sleep cycles every night. Stage One sleep, a
transitional phase between wakefulnessand
sleep, typically lasts 30 seconds to 10 min-
utes. Stage Two, the first stage of true sleep,
lasts from 20-45 minutes. Stages Three and
Four are varying levels of deep sleep lasting
anywhere from 20-45 minutes. Acthis point
the sleeper returns to Stage Two and then
enters REM Sleep, usually for only a few
minutes in the first sleep cycle. Ifnot inter-
rupted, successive sleep cycles repeat
throughout the evening (minus Stage One),
the length of REM sleep increasing with
each cycle until lasting about an hour by
the end of the night.

REM Sleep: The Rapid Eye Move-
ment stage is most associated with vivid
and bizarre dreams. REM sleep constitutes
approximately 20% of the adult sleep cycle.
Infants and small children spend about
40% of their sleep in this stage. Alcohol
and drug abuse (especially barbiturates)
tendstodisrupt REM sleep. People's Banal-
ity score may drop by two or more points
during REM sleep.

NREM Sleep: Non-REM Sleep in-
cludes the other four stages of sleep. People
do dream during these stages, but less viv-
idly and about more mundane subjects.
Their Banality score may drop by one point
during NREM sleep.


batteries, collections of ephemeral raw materials to be
wed as they see fit, then discarded. In the old Fomorian
Dream, this was humankind's only fitting role.

Dream Traps

While the effects of dreams are usually somewhat
diffuse, more potent Dreamers (especially those with a
Banality of three or less) can exert a ©

arby Dreaming. Such drea

each c

ated effect
‘come dream

hantom Form of using
the mundane world are

eptible to such traps. These episod

prove pleasant interludes or full-blown nightmare
the characters in starring rolls (either as victims or
Perpetrators of the violence). Trapped Denizens are
Usually unaware they are in someone else'sdream. They're
Ahed to meeting chimera on the street anyway; who is to
say what is and isn't a dream? While
fot intentional, but natural occurrens

re usually
the uncon.

scious mind, some fae (especially those skilled in
Oneiromancy) can render these experiences far more
dangerous.

Storytellers may use this as an opportunity to further
muddy the borders between dream and reality. Ifcleverly
done, the Storyteller can obfuscate the players' entire

of reality, layering Drean episodes with the

ndeven the Denizen's

s. Just because this isa dream doesn't
quences. The Storyteller

these dreams for foreshadowing actual events, as back-

drops for real vendettas of th

Oneiromancy) or the Deni

energi

every
own sleey
mean it has no cons
(especially if one has
may track the dream
ack to the source (not alt

Denizen's|
This phenome
lings, but Denizens and other creatures of pure spirit are

far more susce

=)
(3
Ky
()
eI



ie me fone
Mavens

B

SSS

The Dark-kin:
A Breed Aparc

os Tiree: — oF Re


Denizens, while not immortal, are very long lived. In
the Dreaming some may live for hundreds of years or
more before being reincarnated into the next life cycle
(though it is suggested that Storytellers not allow players
to have characters over 70 years old). Since Denizen
children don't share the decisive Glamour advantage
cover adults enjoyed by their changeling counterparts,
adult Denizens tend to restrict their freedom a little
more. Another difference between Denizensand change-
lings is that Dark-kin do not follow the injunctions of the
two great courts. In the place of Seeming and Court
affiliations, a three-way metaphysical division known as
Aria defines Denizens.

Denizens' lack of court affiliation doesn't prevent
them from allying themselves with one court or another.
‘The fir-bholg and the fuaths known as "glaistigs" (two.
Denizen adhenes native to Great Britain) frequently
made common cause with the Unseelie Court in the past,
though they largely split from their old allies after the
‘War of Trees. While most of these two Denizen races still
have much in common with the Unseelie Kithain, they
hardly look at the Shadow Court as a friend. Most of the
Dark-kin are generally more Unseelie in outlook, but
enough of them share typical "Seelie" outlooks that
trying to classify them with one court or another is futile.
Although each Denizen race comes from an individual
region or nationality, they don't necessarily emerge there
in the waking world. Denizens are more attracted to
particular types of dreams (and Dreamers) than to na-
tionalities or geographical borders. This is especially true
given that human geographical borders disappear in the
Far and Deep Dreamings.

Aria

Instead of Seemings and loyalty to the two courts,
each adhene displays a trio of behaviors and forms pecu-
liar to their particular race. Known as Ari, these states
are complex, subtle and —toa changeling's eyes —alien
and unfathomable. Though tied to a number of factors,
they are mostly connected to the Denizen's emotional
state and relationship with the Dreaming. One Arid is
always primary for each Denizen; the other two play a
secondary role in her life, but may become primary as
circumstances dictate. A Denizen's Arié may change
with a particularly intense epiphany (especially Rap-
ture), an emotional/spiritual awakening or a tragedy of

some sort. Some Denizens may change Arid with even
less cause. Arid, while serving a role in the Dreaming, are
a far more personal choice than a reflection of two great
‘opposing philosophies (as with the Seelie and Unseelie
Courts). Untethered by the Courts and human rational-
ity, Denizens tend to be mercurial. Thus, the repercus-
sions for changing Arid are not nearly as severe for
Denizens as they are for changelings who switch Courts,
Denizen culture is both more fluid and less cohesive than
changeling society. A Denizen's Arid may have profound
or subtle effects on her outward appearance, depending
on her adhene. Arid frequently age with the Denizen, but
this is not always the case. For example: The moira''s
three forms mimic the aspects of the Three Fates (maiden,
mother and crone) and these remain constant no matter
how old or young the Denizen may be.

Since Arié are psychological as well as physical
conditions, each aspect of the Dark-kin's personality is:
also paired with a Legacy much like a changeling's
Legacies are paired to his Court affiliation. The second-
ary Arid is always just below the surface and may influ-
‘ence the Denizen's behavior, but does not override the
primary Arid. The battle for dominance is usually be-
tween the primary and secondary Arid while the tertiary
state is mostly inactive. While the tertiary Arid is usually
the weakest of the three, it plays an important role
nonetheless. Though the third Arid is never more than
the faintest of whispers when the Denizen is awake, it
may become quite active when he is submerged in some-
‘one else's dreams (most commonly by practicing Som-
nambulism or becoming caught in a Dream Trap). On
such occasions the tertiary Arid, rather than the second-
ary, vies with the primary characteristic for control.

System: A player decides which of his character's
Aridare primary, secondary and tertiary during character:
creation. The character's beginning primary Arid deter-
mines his initial two Tempers: Willpower and Glamour
(Denizens don't begin the game with the third Temper
— Banality) and has an additional "illusory" point of
‘Willpower or Glamour for the purpose of maintaining its
primacy. Once chosen, this Arid will always maintain its
primary status, regardless of its current position in the:
line-up. The Denizen's lesser Ari ratings run on "paral-
lel tracks" with the primary. Thus, ifa character's primary.
Arid is the Araminae (see below), she starts with Glam-
our2and Willpower 4. Ifthe player then uses Experience:


Points to raise these ratings, the character's other Arié
likewise benefit. No Arid may ever have a higher rating
than 10, however. As with changelings, a Denizen's
Legacies are important components of her personality
and following the Quests and Bans laid out in her current
primary Legacy is important to regaining Willpower (see
Changeling: The Dreaming for rules on this).

When a Denizen entersa situation wherea change of
Arid becomes possible, the player or Storyteller may
decide that abattle forascendancybetween his character's
Various personalities may occur. Nocharactermay change
Arié more than once a Story and the Storyteller is the
final authority on whether the situation warrants aroll to
alter the character's condition. The contest is usually
between the primary and secondary Arid, and the two
must make contested rolls against their current Will-
power or Glamour (whichever is highest, difficulty 6)
with the winner taking ascendancy until the next time a
contest ensues. The dethroned primary Aria falls all the
way to the bottom of the line-up, thus automatically
promoting the tertiary Aria up to secondary status. The
originally chosen "primary" attribute always adds a +1 to
itsdice pool, no matter where it falls in the current line-
up. In the case of a primary/tertiary personality struggle,
the character makes the same Glamour or Willpower

roll. Ifthe currently primary Ari wins out, then things
stay as they are, whereas if the tertiary Arid wins it takes
the primary position and the primary Arid is "dethroned"
and falls to tertiary status until the next contest. See the

example below for a concrete explanation of how this
works.

The Three Aria

What follows is brief description of the three Arid:

* The Dioniae: Thisportion of the Denizen's psyche
isprimarily associated with instinctive, often aggressive,
impulses. The Dioniae deals with the need for immediate
satisfaction of primitive biological needs (food, sex, Glam-
our), not necessarily a bad thing unless it goes unchecked
which in Denizens it often does. Dark-kin rarely have
any problem with expressing thoughts or actions that
would be shameful to most humans. The Dioniae is not
an"Unseelie" Arid (there is no formalized code), though
itis often perceived as such. The Dioniae is the most
natural state for many Denizens, though othersavoid this
Arié when they can.

Beginning Glamour: 4

Beginning Willpower: 2

The Araminae: Thisis the rational everyday mind
thatmost people exhibitin their daily lives. The Araminae
tries to control the Dioniae and represents constructive
energies, though it is every bit as self-preoccupied as the
Dioniae. In this Arié the Denizen most closely ap-
proaches a "rational" (not necessarily Banal) human
state of mind. Common sense and pragmatic decision
making are easier in this state, but the Denizen is still
influenced by baser desires.

Beginning Glamour: 2

Beginning Willpower: 4

* The Apolliae: The Apolliae loosely resembles the
conscience, but a Denizen's "higher self" differs vastly
from that of a human or changeling. It involves the
Denizen's higher (some might argue, Seelie) instincts,
such as honor and a personal code of ethics. This is a
simplification since the higher ethos of a Denizen may
value a code quite different from that held by the Seelie
Court. As an example, some Dark-kin may find the
selective murder of other beingsahigh calling. Whatever
the Denizen's moral code, the Apolliae will do every-
thingitcan to follow ittothe letter, even at the Denizen's
expense.

Beginning Glamour: 3

Beginning Willpower: 3

Legacies

Denizens subscribe to the same range of Legacies
observed by the Kithain. These Legacies are detailed on
pages 129-135 of Changeling: the Dreaming, and pages
52-57 of the Changeling Players Guide. Unbound by the
restrictions of Court, however, the Dark-kin may have
any Legacy associated with any Arid, almost without
restriction. The Arid determines how the player should
interpret the character's Legacies.

For example: A character may match the Unseelie
Knave Legacy to the Dioniae and the Seelie Paladin
Legacy to the Apolliae — or vice versa. In the first case
the primal desires of the Dioniae would make the Knave
persona all the more perverse while the higher aspects of
the Apolliae would add nobility to the Paladin arche-
type. In the reversal of this situation, the Dioniae would
make the competitive, thrill-secking aspects of the Pala-
din Legacy an outof control addiction, while the Apolliae
would make the Knave some sort of "holy tempter" who

2


views corruption as a holy cause (and, thus, wholly
justified). Similarly, the Araminae would see both Lega-
cies from a rational perspective, seeking to justify and
perform the dictates of that persona in a rational, logical
manner. A character may, of course, choose the same
Legacy for two or even alll three Arid, though the
will be interpreted very differently in each case.
the Legacy/Arié combinations possible are more difficult
to play; the Storyteller has the final say as to what
combinations are appropriate to his Chronicle,

ded he doesn't have much of
a conscience and is mainly concemed with
self-gratfication, thusshe settleson the Dioniae
asDavrek's permanent, primary Aria. Davrek's
Tempers are Glamour 4 and Willpower 2 to
start. This also means his Dioniae starts outon

top and always has +1 to its Willpower or Belief and Governance
Glamour pool (whichever is higher) for the

een dha peprars Peabo gS kin remain no less passionate in their beliefs. Denizen
| dancy. Mary may then put her remaining Aria _ | nithought, echoing chelswpectsak

in any order she wishes. She decides that plisiggensmed iy ienckocenion "Tha
Davrek's conscience (as represented by his
Apolliae) is boiling just under the surface and
puts it in the secondary position. Lastly, she
decides that he is rarely in a "normal" human
mind cd puts his Araminae personality

y position.

Though merely the stuff of human dre:

e scattered across the Drean

ng in a

wide variety of environments. They have found that the
Dreaming is large enough to contain all forms of belief or
. In governance, while some Dark-kin favor the
ind leadership familiar to the feudal sidhe, other
n societies have adopted strange variants of the
cocracy, democracy or communism. Still others live in
tribal situations of as anarchists with no gov

in the ter

Next, Mary puts enough freebie points into
her character to give Davrek Glamour 6 and
Wied in = sree ad a ree all. When considering greater metaphysical belief sys
penyyit Aman are reais sal | pagans, monotheists or worshipers of vast pantheons of

3 great creatures in the Dreaming (including some mon-
sona has 5 in both Glamour and Willpower, strous chimera, the fomorians and, toa lesser extent, the
Once in play, E

tek enters the Autumn Tuatha dé Danaan). Indeed, the fervor with which some
| World and comes to the sudden r ion Denizens now serve the awakening Elder Darks surpasses

that he is, , bur the most zealous human fa
merely re of dream. Forced to inspect

his fundamental view of reality, his Apolliae
persona attempts to take control of his psyche.
This pits his Dioniae's higher Temper (Glam-
our 6) plus the additional "illusory" die b
cause itishis primary Arid versus his Apolliae's
dominant Temper (Glamour or Willpower are
both 5 in this case). Thus, the Dioniae has 7
dice total while the Apolliae only has five.
Despite the uneven odds, however, Mary rolls

|
|

|

|

‘only 2 successes for his Dioniae while the |
|

|

|

ance at

imistic

in some respects, not re:

ics in its intensity

cr

Apolliae rolls 3 successes; the Apolliae now
becomes the primary persona and the Dioniae
is shunted down to the tertiary position (but
| still maintains its +1 die for any future con
tests). The Araminae, by default, is moved to
the secondary position.

eleraial |

Pra =


Acheri (ACU-chair-ee)

In India the myths hold that the acheri live in the
mountain tops and bring sickness to humans unless
appeased. In other regions they go by different names.
Whether as the aerika of Greece, the Ma-mo of Tibet,
the lamastuof ancient Babylonian lore or the macachera
of the Brazilian Amazon, they have been feared and
reviled throughout history as wicked bringers of disease
and corruption — both of the body and the soul. "In-
flammatory prejudice!" object the acheri. While not
denying their role in the world, the acheri stress their
importance to the ordained order of things. Discase is
simply a part of the natural balance, a way of clearing out
the "deadwood," and the acher its humble functionar-
ies. Weeding out the sick leaves the strong to flourish.
Likewise, when questioned on their penchant for ethical
coruption, they point out that without temptation how
can one test one's faith or purity? Whatever their justi-
fications, most acheri simply have contempt for any life
beyond their own — though there are occasional excep-
tions to this rule. Their brethren see acheri who don't
further the world's pain as traitors to the cause, though
they are verbally reviled more often than physically
punished. After all, such "vile" humanitarian senti-
‘ments are just another sort of corruption.

Whether in the waking world or in the Dreaming,
the acheri rank with the redcaps as the most loathed of
fae. Anitinerantadhene, the acherifollowed humanity's
migrationsin the days of old. More knowledgeable about
humans and human weaknesses than many Denizens,
the acheri first cast their darkling shadow during a time
when illness was not a matter of germs and viruses, but
of curses and evil spirits. Times have changed, and the
acheri havechanged with them. Even during the Miririm,
the acheri kept a careful eye on humanity, lending its
corrupting touch to human progress whenever possible.
Indeed, there are almost as many acheri among the
Evanescent as there are aonides, though the latter group
ismore welcomed by the Kithain. Those fae dedicated to
preserving life typically see the acheri as abominations.
Changelings attempted, unsuccessfully, to exterminate
the acheri who remained after the Tessarakonta. In the
aftermath of their banishment during the Miririm, some
acheri continue to serve what they saw as their cosmi-
cally ordained role, though many follow their own petty
desires. A very few eliminate the ugly, the mean-spirited
and the irredeemable from the world despite their fel-

lows' mockery. Spirits of corruption, they are themselves
particularly susceptible to temptation.

Lifestyles: Creatures of extremes, acheri may be
tatterdemalions living lives of ascetic denial orhedonists
wallowing in creature comforts. The first category see
the second as dilettantes, not adequately committed to
their holy task of scourging the planet. The second type
sees the first as abysmally depressing. Acheri tend to be
loners, rarely associating beyond a superficial level even
with their own kind. Acheri family life is about as close
tohell as one can come; most acheri are both abusers and
abused. Acheri may, however, seek out companionship
to feed their thirst for sensation. In order to make
themselves more acceptable tocompanions, manyacheri
claim that they are the benign exception to the rule or
insist that acheri as a people have been horribly ma-
ligned. More familiar with the human world than most
adhene, Evanescent acheri seck proximity to professions
where they can perpetuate their corruption and garner
wealth to further theie lifestyles. Doctors who don'theal,
psychiatrists who drive men mad and district attorneys
who propagate, rather than punish, corruption are but a
few of the professions they pursue.

Arid

At first glance acheri look like normal humans,
typical of whatever cultural group first dreamed them.
They may be attractive or ugly. They tend to dressat the

far ends of the class spectrum, in either very rich or very
poor voile. In every Arié the acheri has an unnaturally
cold and dark shadow. This is even true, though to a
lesser extent, in the waking realms.

* Dioniae: Acheri in this personality exude spiritual
corruption. The actual physical signs are small, the
impression more subliminal. Many people don't make
the connection that there's anything out of the ordinary
about the acheri, instead feeling their own baser in-
stincts on the rise in his presence.

© Araminae: In this form the
corruption boils to the surface. Denizens in this Arid
have an unhealthy look; their skin may be very pale and
clammy or red limned with blisters and sores. Although
this does not impact negatively on the acheri's abilities,
his Appearance drops by one point.

* Apolliae: In this form the acheri's shadow covers
her faerie mien, making her visible only as a black
silhouette with pale white or red eyes. The living em-
bodiment of sickness and corruption, acheri in this Aria

Chaprer Thace: The Sleep of Reason Produces CDonscens


RUS

LY

BK

SJ

Cal Om

Affinity: Actor or Fae

Birchrights
* Plague Nervosa — The
nasters, some say pro-

Plague Nervosa. By spending a
acheri can

againsthis curr
ficulty6). The!

for one tum per
shadow has all the

combat skill:

per da
ing the Wyrd,
particularly virulent chimer

diseases in the real world, a wor-
risome prospect since some chi-
merical diseases have no known
The final
er givesthe
idespread immunity to

both disease and poison.

Feaaerasevecses

tion. Whether their role is as a destroyer or tester, they
work to tempt their targets from the ideals they hold dear.
Tothis end, whenever using his guile to lead someone off
the track of virtue, an acheri adds +1 tohis Charisma and
Manipulation dice pools (+2 in the Dioniae Arid), even
ifthis gives the Denizen a temporary Attribute over five.
This level is illusory and not marked on the character
sheet, since it is only useful for corruption. The "truly
virtuous" may actually have a negative reaction to the
spirit once they figure out his true nature (-1 or more to
all ofthe acheri's Social Attributes for that person only)
Such people make very challenging and tempting targets
for the acheri.

Fraitcies

* Rebound — The greatest victims of the acheri's
corrupting influence are the acheri themselves. Many
acheri cultivate their vices like fine wines and find it
difficult co fulfill any long term plans that don't involve
theirbaser pleasures in some ways. Every acheri must take
one addiction of some sort (e.g.,food, sex, drugs). When-
ever directly confronted with the object of his desires, he
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) or pursue that
pleasure until sated. While the acheri is in his Apolliae
Arid, this difficulty is reduced by two or more. His self-
hatred for giving in to temptation in this state can be
doubly distressing. Some acheri revel in this corruption;
the more ascetic ones give in reluctantly, then punish
themselves for their weakness in orgies of auto-flagella-
tion or self-mutilation. Even those acheri who revel in
their decadence frequently possess a good deal of self-
loathing.

* Enticement — "I can resist anything but tempta-
tion." Acheri embody spiritual as well as physical corrup-
Sc

‘cRcOTYpEs.

Aonides — Such delightful hedonists, they
tempt humans or their own pleasure, making our
jobs all the easier.

Fir-bholg — Our leaders of old in the days of
the Tessarakonta. If they choose to lead again, we
may follow, though the past has proven they are
no more immune to our persuasions than any
other fae.

Fuaths — Inconsequential

Keremet — Beware. These living corpses are
largely immune to our persuasions. They have
caused almost as much death as we, but take no
pleasure in their work. Pity.

Moira: — Arrogant hypocrites. They serve
fate in thetr way and would best give us leave to
serve it in ours.

Naraka— "Tyger, tyger, buming bright, Singed
bby man's atomic light." Hah! We remember them
of old, even if they do not remember themselves.
They have become creatures of blind destruction
and seek toreconstruct their past. Perhaps we will
aid them in this, perhaps not

Changelings — The flesh they wrap around
themselves may protect them from Banality, but
not from us. They're little more enlightened than
humans.

Humankind —They giveus birth with their
dreams; we kill them with ours. Nothing per-
sonal, it's just the way of things

* The Scarlet Ban — Because of its holy status,
acheri will never use their Birthrights against someone

wearing an article of red clothing or a prominent red merely seek the free e
sophisticated for such petty prejudices.

accessory (small amounts of red mixed in with other
colors won't repel them). Because of this ban and their
inherent purity, the knights of the Red Branch are
particularly hated by the acheri. Acheri may, of course,
use other Arts or physical means against someone wear-
ing this color, but they may not attempt to physically
remove the article of clothing. This Frailty lifts as soon as
thetarget removesthe protective clothing. Puttingsome-
thingred on after the acheri has struck has no effect. The
acheri keep quiet about this frailty and it is not widely
known.

Chaprer Thece: The Steep of Reason Produces CDonscers

Quote: "Back, foul tempter?" Ah, lam disappointed. I
sichange of ideas and thought you too


NN
Sy

Aonides (AO-nids

‘The aonides or "muses" claim a heritage similar to
the saryrs in terms of lineage. Boasting descendance from
Mount Olympus itself, they insist they are the sons and
daughters of Zeus, ruler of the Gods, and of the Titaness
Mnemosyne (or Memory). The aonides are incredibly
‘erotic creatures and passionately love humans. Unfortu-
nately, love and hate often exist in equal measure.
"Hades hath no fury like an aonide scorned." These
Denizens can be very cruel when it comes to the game of
love. They flock to human creativity like moths to an
open flame. While all of the Dreaming's children need
Glamour to survive, aonides seem addicted to the rush.
thataccompanies the epiphanies they inspire. The muses
plunge themselves into the artistic lives of anyone around
them, craving new pieces of art or recently written songs.
When the Dreamers around them aren't in the middle of
creating, aonides steer conversations in the direction of
art. They behave as sounding boards, critiquing the
inspirational thoughts of those around them. Aonides
spend much of their time Musing those with the motiva-
tion to create and Ravaging those who lack the drive to
do anything with their imagination. They are also great
creators in their own right. Most of them have at least a
few dots in Performance and declare a specialty in one
particular art form. They treat that art form like a
personal totem, linking their sense of identity to the
creative process. The adhene sees muses who have no
artistic talents of their own, but who merely inspire these
gifts in mortals, as poseurs. They nevertheless serve sn
important role as patrons and keepers of Glamour.

Aonides become very emotionally attached to the
Dreamersthey inspire. They sometimes treat their Dream-
ets like pets, showering them with affection, but retain-
ing superiority over them in their own minds. Muses
often assume that their Dreamers would be uninspired
boors without them and sometimes overestimate their
‘own necessity to the creative process. Dreamers that a
muse influences usually believe they cannot create with-
out her. When an aonide and her Dreamer part company,
the Dreamer enters a creative vacuum that lasts until he
gets over his broken heart.

Lifestyles: Aonides know human culture like no
other Denizen. They frequented the mortal world often
in the days before the Miririm, gracing mortal visionaries
with their presence and inspiring them to artistic great-
ness. Many aonides remember the satyrs from the old
days, when life involved singing, dancingand lovemaking
on the shores of the Mediterranean. Even to this day,

48 Denizens of the Dreaming

they cannot help but immerse themselves in the hearts
and minds of Dreamers. They Muse and Ravage with
much more reverence and glee than the Kithain. A muse
is nothing if she is not inspiring someone. They often
form emotional attachments to their Dreamers. Such
relationships may provide a catalyst for changing their
Arid. Aonides can be of either sex. Most of them choose
tobe bisexual. Only a few prefer one gender for romantic
relations. When an aonide isin love, or otherwise fixated
oon some person, she takes human form to be with the
object of her desire. The aonide usually takes on the
physical appearance of someone whom the target would
find most attractive. If the aonide's chosen paramour
already has a lover, the muse often assumes the partner's
form. She then slips in and out of her intended' life while
the real loveris away, causing a good deal of confusion in
the process.

Arid

Although muses trace their ancestry to ancient
Greece, they take their forms from the erotic dreams of
anyone from any culture. Their complexion, size, hair
and eye colors vary widely, from the most pallid to the
darkest, the most petite to the statuesque. Aonides tend.
to be attractive and, although not all utiful as
they appear, they are frequently skilled in the arts of
illusion. Togas and Grecian chitons serve as their most
‘common voile. Aonides' outer appearance doesn'tchange:
significantly with their Arid, though they often affect
some minor changes in their clothing, hairstyle or make-
up. Aonides tend to dress tastefully, though their visage
isdisconcertingly arousing even in the most sedate attire.
‘They possessasubtle grace and taste that relies on natural
beauty, instead of flash. Few creatures of Dream look as
human as the aonides; even in their fae mien, most can
easily pass for human.

* Dioniae: The muses re unparalleled in the pursuit
of pleasure. In this Ari the aonide may be carefree and
carnal, craving pleasure above all other considerations,
or she may be as inconsolably depressed as the most
tragically inspired poet. Aonides in the first category
unashamedly embrace hedonism. Those of the second
type may alternately see the world as cruel and tragic
Also known as the Mneme Ari, because of the painful
memoriessometimesinvolved, the Dioniae side of aonides
pushes them to seck extremes of sensation. Aonides
often assume this form when rejected by a lover or
otherwise "dumpe

© Araminae: Being a muse is not all high art ot
lovemaking. In this, the everyday mind, the aonide is

ay

4


RR RR RRR NRO
iF Z


most adept at dealing with the day to day necessities of
renting gallery space, dealing with agents or balancing
the books. Since most muses' lives involve whirlwinds of
passion, some actually enjoy this opportunity to be
"grounded" for a while. Aonides often revert to their
Araminae when threatened or hurt, using it as a barrier
against their own weaknesses.

* Apolliae: In this form the muse promotes both love
and art, attempting to take them to their highest and most
abstract state. This represents true love rather than carnal,
desire, and the muse gives her inspiration in selfless appre-
ciation of the great art created by such pure passions.

Affinity: Actor or Scene

Birchrighzs

* Grace of Calliope — Aonides possess a talent for
subtle manipulation. Even when not intentionally aware of
using her guidance, the Muse is always charming, winning
the hearts of everyone around her. The Grace of Calliope
isn't rooted in beauty, but in the controlled use of inspira-
tion and suggestion to manipulate the opinions and actions
ofothers. Allaonides add +2 points to either their Manipu-
lation or Charisma (player's choice), even if brings them
above the maximum of five. Aonides cannot botch rolls
relating to Persuasion or Performance. Also, unlike most
other Denizens, the muses donot suffer from the Silver Ban.

* Adonis' Ravaging — This Birthright gives the
aonidesa formidable advantage in acquiring Glamour. In
addition to the standard methods, aonides may steal
Glamour by successfully seducing their prey. Some form
of passionate embrace is required for the use of this
Birthright, be it an ardent kiss or full sexual intercourse.
Aonides do not automatically use this Birthright on
everyone they have relations with; Adonis's Ravaging
requires conscious activation. Most use it sparingly to
take "justa little" when in need, but with this Birthright,
an aonide can turn lust and passion into a weapon.
Aonides often use the Grace of Calliope to lure their
enemies before rendering their targets Banal and useless
after seducing them with Adonis' Ravaging. Once the
muse has seduced the target, the player makes acontested
roll ofher Manipulation + Subterfuge against the target's
Willpower. The aonide steals point of temporary Glam-
our for every success, but cannot raise her temporary
score above her permanent Glamour level.

Fraitcy

* Arachne' Folly —Aonidescannothandle the humility
‘ofaximittingthatsomeone hasmore artistic talent than theydo.
‘They insist on seeing themselvesas the most creative beings in

Denizens of the Dreaming

the Autumn World or the Dreaming. If an aonide hears that
someone is better than he at his chosen artistic focus, he
challenges the "upstart" to a competition to determine who is
better. The audience of the duel, whether the competition
happensinagalleryoronstage, decidesthe winner. Ifthe aonide
loses the competition, the full wrath of the muse is brought to
bear. The aonide does everything in his power to make the
victorious artis' life miserable (and often that of the foolish
judges), even to the extent of neglecting new talents. Because
of this Frilty's increased effect in the Dreaming, aonides may
not take the Flaw: Overconfident.

Scercorypes

Acheri — Unpleasant creatures. Don't stand
too close to one; you might catch something.

Fir-bholg — Nasty brutes. Let them scuttle
around in the woods, so they never scare our
precious Dreamers.

Fuaths — The magic and wisdom of these
Dark-kin is strong indeed; charm them, so we too
may have their power at our disposal

Keremet —So cynical. We do not trust them
among our Dreamers.

Moirae — We remember them from the old
times and our rivalry continues to this day. They
see themselves as protectors of humanity and may
act territorial when we inspire someone they have
singled out. Be wary of them; they are not fond of
us.

Naraka —Fearsome in battle, these Denizens
could be very useful. Be exceedingly respectful to
them, for they posses battle skills we do not. You
never know when you might need the help of a

arm. Whatever you do, do not cross them,
‘you will probably not live long if you do.

Changelings —Some Kithain are useful, others
just plain boorish. The sidhe could hold the key to
power in the society of dreams; House Fiona seems
particularly easy to seduce. We remember the satyr,
‘our Olympian companions of old. They remain
suspicious of us, but that was so very long ago. Now
they are seen as lewd rather than inspired lovers.
Kithain who pose a threat — such as redcaps and
their ilk —should be drained oftheir creative power.

‘Humankind — We would be nothing without
them. Love them; Muse them; revel in their imagi-
nations, but never fear them. They are, after all,
only human.

Quote: We inspire the best that humanity has to offer:
love and creativity. How could anyone be greater than we?

LL
PISS.


PR RRR RRR

Fir-dholg (FEAR-dolg)

Formed in the crucible of the mythic age, the fir-
tholg were beaten between the hammer of the fomorians
and the anvil of the Tuatha dé Danaan. Quenched in the
dark realms, they are now a blade once again eager to cut
into the flesh realms. Ancient masters of Ireland and
forgotten sea realms, the fir-bholgs lost their place as
rulerslongago. The wheel of destiny turns once more and
the fr-bholg now strive to reclaim their lordship of old.
Most ae, while openly distrustful of thisbroodingadhene,
often see in them a grim reflection of themselves and
theirancestors. Fallen on hard times, fir-bholg are spirits
of the wildemess, wise in nature and animal lore, but
Largely ignorant of the ways of civilization. Obviously not
fond of the Tuatha dé Danan or their "children" (the
sidhe and other changelings), some now serve their old
foes the fomorians in hopes of regaining old glory. Others
follow their own rough code of honor, distrusting the
Elder Darks.

The fir-bholg, through all their hardships, have
become the ultimate race of predator-survivors. Thrust
through the Mists into an alien world, they face their
doom with stout hearts and eager spirits. Dreaming and
flesh realms both sit on the edge of the Evernight; the fir-
bholg sce themselves as the beings who will mid-wife the
birth of the age yet to come. The cycle has tured; again
ignorance and fear are the coin of the realm and soon the
beast-kings shall return to reclaim their glory. Wild and
uncultured, the fir-bholg bridge the gap between the
beastly fomorians and the refined Tuatha dé Danaan,
and they bear the marks of both. These Denizens are
forever wrapped in their wild otherworldliness. The very
plants and animals ofthe flesh realm react oddly to them;
the toys and tools of men are brushed aside by the forces
they command.

Inspite of the changes the Dark Realms have wrought
upon them, the fir-bholg remember a greater time. The
fint true kings of Ireland, they are drawn to poetry and
language. Love and loyalty are not lost upon them, but
almost always it must be love and loyalty to their own
kind. Loners by nature, they prefer the wastes of the
world away from the busy, confusing whirl of cities.
Despite this, these flesh realm neophytes seek out the
company ofother adhene, changelingsand even Nunnehi.
They are, behind their strong words and loud boasts,
painfully aware that the other Kithain live ina world half
of flesh and half of dream; itis a world that the men of
Bholg will never fully understand. Only the most stub-

bom of the fir-bholg refuse to admit that these "change-
lings" possess knowledge thar they crave. Fir-bholg often
take the bodies of people who have recently had a close
brush with death. From this sobering event, the spirit of
the fir-bholg takes shape and begins to grow.

Lifestyle: Fir-bholgare chaos-bringers. Though they
see themselves as stable beings, chaos revolves around
them, affecting areas they frequent. When something
impossible happens, however, the fir-bholg emerge to
lead the shocked survivors away. They seek out places
where the powers of nature lay low the frail houses and
towers of men.

Arid

Whether male or female, fir-bholy exude a startling
presence. Tall and foreboding, they stand out like a bare-
limbed tree in a forest. They possess great spreading
antlers, which are a source of no small pride to them.
When not naked (which they often are in their wild
haunts) they wear simple animal-skin clothingandadorn-
ments.

© Dioniae: Fir-bholg within this Arid are closest to
their fomorian blood and their primitive drives. Their
antlers are large and sharp and they flaunt both their
alien nature and their demand for sacrifice. Laws, save
their own ancient traditions, don't really exist unless
there is someone or something nearby willing to enforce
them. Woe to those who stand between such a fir-bholg
and what she desires!

* Araminae: Within this Arié fir-bholg achieve a
synthesis of instinct and intellect. It gives them enough
patience, forethought and persistence to accomplish
their goals. The antlers of a fir-bholg are largest at this
point and they take great care in their speech, wanting
every word to hold authority, grace and meaning.

* Apolliae: This Arié finds the fir-bholy trying to
shed some of their mote primitive aspects. Their atten-
tions turn to how things are made, and how people (and
fac) are organized. The repercussions of their actions
haunt them, occupying their thoughts.

Affinity: Nature or Fae

Bixchrights

* Breath of the Firchlis — The fir-bholg have
learned the ways of the Dreaming's ever-changing land-
scape. Each of these Denizens sees herself as a stable
point, surrounded by the wracking waves of randomness.
"Things happen" around a fir-bholg; plants bloom in the
dead of winter or die in minutes on the vine. There is no


x Ni way to stop the Breath of the Firchlis, but
(YA) the fir-bholg can attempt to control it. To
5S) ieee things ot ths Deeselng the i
fie-holgbumsa pointof Glamour ®

NN and rolls his current Glamour
AN (Difficulty8). Successes indicate
VEN thacthefir-bholghascalledthe
Firchlis over an area. The ef-
fects are variable, from the
very minor (I success, a
ats grow slightly
wes change color)
tothe very creepy (3 successes,
swarms of chimerical insects or ro
dents enter the area) to the downright
scary (5 successes, the Mists descend over
the surrounding area). The Birthright's
effects last until the fir-bholg leaves the
ot for one minute per success. The
ceffect's strength and duration are not
cumulative with additional uses of this
Birthright. Fir-bholg do not have
any direct control over the specific
effect; this is lee up to the Story
ayer may make sug-

Glamour the ir-bholgcan cre-
te changes in the flesh realm.

Thisisdone through acontested

roll of Glamour versus the Ba- 4

nality in the area. The number

of successes determines the se-

verity of the effect. Again, the

continuum runs from the

merely annoying (cars won't

start), to the unnerving (hail

falls from a clear sky) to the
incredibly spooky (the power

grid goes out, a large storm

appearsin apreviously clear

sky).


—
SF

* Eochaid's Hunger — Each fir-bholg has an un-
tuval dietary habit, often (but not always) related to his
fomorian ties. The Denizen must eat a particular unpre- __ Scercorypes
ated food once a weck, be it freshly caught fish, carrion, ‘Acheri — Wasting spirits who hide in the
‘ak roots or rainwater. Although he need not subside} hills: They can help you rid your lands of un-
entirely on this diet, the fir-bholg must have this food to |} Wanted peoples, but let not their shadow fall
exist. Without access to it he loses one point of Stamina _ |}: UPR your path.
perday after the first week. Additionally he must make a Aonides — These take a hand in the flesh
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to resist eating the first realm. Play not their games, unless they offer
source with which he comes into contact. When his |} uly worthwhile stakes.

Stamina reaches one, he begins to lose one level of Fuaths — Pretty their faces, horrid their
Health per day and will do anything within his power to deformities. When the masters return, we shall
get what he needs, including stealing from a superior or slaughter most and have the rest tend to the
assaulting his own friends — anything. Clearly, if a fir- cattle. Until then, beware, for they are deadly
bholy's health reaches Incapacitated, he perishes. warriors.

© Sacrifice — Ancient overlords of humanity, the Keremet — The Mists have blocked these
beast-folk once wrought potent spells to facilitate their creatures' memories, but not ours. Lackeys of
collection of dreams through sacrificial offerings. Asthe the sidhe and traitors during the Tessarakonta,
millennia passed, these magicsfell intodisrepair;now the}, thesefoul facarelikeacurthatretumstoitsown
fir-bholg must receive sacrifices merely to gain the Glam- vomit. We shall hunt them in the Waking as we

‘ur that other fue take for granted. Without this forfei- || do in the dark realms
ture all rolls by the fir-bholg to gather Glamour in the Moira — Their ability to call upon Dan
Autumn World are at +3 difficulty. This Frailty requires] makes them dangerous foes. Fata has had its way
that a human Dreamer willingly offer up something of {| with our kind again and again. No more! They
seat value to the fir-bholg. The fir-bholg receiving the || would be wise if they stood aside from our path.
ceremonial offering must roll his Glamour (difficulty 6). Naraka — Dangerous and fearsome war-
Bach success reduces the Frailty's penalty for one week riors, along with the Kithain they are our great-
persuccess. The fir-bholg may use whatever method she} est obstacle to gaining the Near Dreaming and
Wishes to coax, force or frighten the person into perform- |} the flesh realms beyond. They have changed
ing the sacrifice, but no fir-bholg may have more than |} much in recent times and are now an unknown
one sacrifice working for her at any given time. Subse- || quantity.

quent offerings always override the previous sacrifice in (Changelings — Odd and treacherous. Bits
both effectiveness and duration. and pieces of the Tuatha dé Danaan sometimes

The offering itself may be a treasured possession, or |} show in them. They are tied to the Autumn
human or animal sacrifice. If itis the former, the item] World and, as is the doom of the flesh realms,
must be consecrated to the fir-bholg and destroyed. they will die there. The Unseelie are at least

‘Animals or humans sacrificed may be destroyed or dedi-_ somewhat akin to us in that their eyes look with

cated to the fir-bholg's service. Sacrificed animals and |} eagerness upon the changes that are to come.

humans need be of no value to the donor. Humankind — Cruel this, for fate to give

Quote: Have the times of lamingrain come again? Does such foolish beings so much power over the
the sky bleed and the ground tremble? Such times are not for children of the Dreaming. Numb to the worlds
your kind, little Kithain. Leave your court, come, there is | around them, still they fight to protect what
shelter under my antlers, and my hands will feed youand from |} little they have. In them youcan sometimes find
‘mymouth you willbe taught how to weatherthe Long Winter. | strength and allies.


‘

SSC

Fuach (FOO-auch)

Fuaths are a dream-species comprised of a wide
variety of wild spirits and have appeared in many guises,
throughout the world. In Celtic tradition they include
the caoineag, the urisk, the glaistig and glashtin. They
are the deives of Lithuania, the berchta or "stomach-
slasher" (Germany, Austria and Switzerland) and the
chertovka of Russia. Each fuath has one animal attribute
(most frequently the lower body, but sometimes the
head) which resembles that ofagiven animal. Unlike the
pooka, they cannot change completely into that beast,
but ike satyrs are stuck with that one animal trait. Often,
more bestial than human in their thinking, the fuath
avoid large population centers, preferring natural realms
such as the Forest or the animal dukedoms of Quox and
Mus (though they hardly share the frenetic humor na-
tive to these lands).

Forces of nature, protectors of the wild, fuaths can be
kind and nurturing or bloodthirsty and cruel. Ever capri-
cious, fuath act unpredictably in any given situation.
They don't forget slights easily, though their capacity for
love is nearly as boundless as their ability to hate. One
cannot find a truer friend or more implacable enemy.
There are few experiences more chilling than seeing the
feral eyes and glinting claws of the fuath in the forest at
night. The old tales speak of fuaths herding cattle for
farmers and looking after sick children, but also mention,
their perverse delight in seducing, drowning and devour-
ing those who came too close to their pools.

The fuaths' animal attributes have led many to
speculate that they are distantly related to the satyrs. If
truc, the similarities end with the physical. While satyrs
mix the wildness of nature with human civility, the
fuaths most fully creatures of the wild. Vicious and
territorial, female fuaths especially are skilled warriors,
though they primarily use these abilities to defend their
own territory rather than take lands belonging to an-
other. This is true to a lesser extent of the male of the
species. Whereas female fuaths tend to be communal
spirits and take care of such necessities as hunting and
defending their tribal boundaries, males tend to be more
solitary and interested in plumbing the deepest secrets of
nature. This is even true in the waking world where the
female fuaths have created mutual support groups tohelp
each other survive and explore the Autumn Realms,
while the males of the species prefer to survive or perish
on their own. Male fuaths can be just as dangerous or

A)
a
eA)
Ya

Denizens of the Dreaming

RG KORG ORIN ORIN ORAS RON ROR RON OT

nurturing, but their personality shifts do not usually
swing back and forth so quickly.

Lifestyle: Whether in the Dreaming or the Autumn
Realms, fuaths prefer wilderness settings. To them, cities
are great perversions, dead holes in the fabric of nature.
Waterisa major component of the fuaths'livesand many
of their rituals revolve around it.

Arid

Every fuath represents a pairing of animal and hu-
man natures; their physical and mental characteristics
strongly mirror this division. Whether they appear as
goat-legged glaistigs,deer-hoofed Baoban Sith, fishtailed
ceasg, the owl-eyed deives or dog-faced Pi Nereske, the
fuath comprise the animal people banished from the
human world by the Tuatha dé Danaan. As extreme as
their physical dichotomy appears, itis dwarfed by that of
their psyche

* Dioniae: Fuaths in this form reflect their most
primal instincts. In this Arié they visibly manifest their
animal attribute, though some may try tohide it beneath
concealing clothing. Emotionally they are almost fully
animals, their instincts barely ameliorated by their hu-
man intelligence. In this form fuaths are at their most
joyous, vicious and free.

 Araminae: In this Arié the fuath takes on a fully
human form, though there is still something vaguely
animalistic about them. The way they walk, eat and talk
reflects vestiges of theit true nature. Nevertheless, they
may be quite attractive to humans and are frequently
rumored to use this form to lure humans to their destruc
tion. As the animal form disappears, s0 too recedes the
animal nature and the fuath is left with an emotional

state that is more truly "human." Unfortunately, few
fuaths have the background to appreciate this portion of
their psyche. This Aris often their least favorite. Some
say they feel "caged" when in human form. Fuaths often.
transfer thishatred of their own human nature tohuman,
(and the half-human changelings) as a whole.

* Apolliae: Little different from the Dioniae form in
appearance (the fuath regains her animal attributes), this
Arif reconciles the opposing extremes of animal and
human nature. Animal passions and human intellect
cooperate in this form, variably expressing themselvesin
sophisticated codes of governance, guileful and ruthless
military stratagems or the most passionate of high art.

Affinity: Nature or Scene



Bigchrighcs

* Beast Tongue — Animals, plants, even stones —
fuaths are one with the spirits of nature and can commu-
nicate with them all. In the Autumn World, however,
this ability is much reduced. The fuath can only speak
with animals, though this ability automatically extends
to mundane animals without the need to invoke the
Wyrd. Of course, the creature being addressed dictates
the limitations of this communication. Some may not
wish to speak with the Denizen while others are not
notable conversationalists. This ability also gives the
fuath +1 die toall Charisma rolls involving the elemental
inanimae and other naturae.

* Animal Nature —Fuaths enjoy the abilities of the
animal to which they are most closely related. These
abilities are many and varied. Aquatic fuaths have strong
swimming skills and the ability to breathe underwater.
There are tales of winged fuath in the Deep Dreaming,
butnone have been seen in other Dream Realms in living

Scercocypes
Acheri — Avatars of sickness and corrup-
tion, they claim they are a natural force like
any other. Do not be fooled. They take plea-
sure in their work and, unlike the forces they
claim to personify, can be torn by our claws
Aonides — Creatures of passion, there is
much to be admired in the muses. Beware,
however, lest they seek to manipulate you to
their own ends.
Fir-bholg—Cruel and treacherous beasts.
They betrayed our trust in the early years of the
Miririm and raid our lands even now.
Keremet — Foul and unnatural, these
shades are corpses who walk the Dreaming
Harry them from our forests for their presence

—.

memory. Fuaths share the satyrs' speed and may move 25
yards + three times their Dexterity per tum in their
chosen environment. All of them possess the satyrs'
hardy constitution. Fuath mayalladd +1 totheir Stamina,
even if it brings it over the human maximum of five.
Additionally, the fuaths are all predatory animals and
possess sharp animal-like attributes (be they fangs, horns,
claws or hooves) capable of causing Strength +1 aggra-
vated damage.

Fraitcies

* Maenad's Madness — Born of animal instincts
and the human predilection for vengeance, fuaths are all
too vulnerable to fits of violent madness. These most
frequently occur when the fuath is in a life and death
struggle, though other provocations may also kick it off.
During these episodes the fuath may be angry, frightened
or filled with feral joy. She enters a blood-maddened
trance state and cannot stop fighting until she either
defeats or routs all her enemies or becomes Incapaci-
tated. Unfortunately fuaths have a hard time telling
friend from foe in this state (Perception + Empathy
difficulty 8 to tel friend from foe for any given combat)
Fuaths will never attack another of their own kind in
their madness. To resist this frenzy the fuath may make a
Willpower roll every turn after the first (difficulty 8).
When the fuath has accumulated as many successes as
she has permanent Glamour, she may break off the
attack.

Denizens of che Dreaming

is an ill omen.

Moira: — The moire are to be respected,
even if their pronouncements are annoyingly
cryptic at times.

Naraka — Clearly dangerous, especially
in their current incarnation. We know little of
these creatures as yet.

Changelings — Changelings are the chil-
dren of those who were our adversaries in the
War of Trees, but not necessarily our enemies.
Despite our old animosities, they are not all
bad. Ifone keeps faith with you, do the same in
return.

Humankind — Hateful and loving; cal-
lous, kind and indifferent. Itis perhaps fitting
that so many kinds of fae spring from their
contradictory dreams. And they call us capri

Quote: You consider yourselfa predator of sorts, preying
on the weak children of your oum species? Come then, I am
sure such a great hunter need not fear my claws.


Keremec (Kare-é-mez)

Suspended in the final timeless moment between life
and death, the keremet are not truly fae, but Enchanted
humans brought into the Dreaming at the moment of
their death. Those so chosen for this role are often,
though not always, Dreamers or kinain. Many were
known in life for their extreme wickedness or piety.
Originally people of emotional extremes, the keremet
have had these feelings stripped away from them in the
process that ga
bymany different names throughout the world.
Among the better known are the sti of
Tibet, the wicked Malaysian langsuir or
the Russian nalet. Keremet also stand
behind the legends of the Wild Hunt
Stolen from theirrightful Dan in Heaven,
Hell or the Underworld, these grim
shades walk the tenebrousroads between
life and death on missions of dark im:
ther this is a blessing or a

e them new life. The keremet go

wy

even among the keremet

themselves.

Driven by a gnawing, nameless
hunger, these spirits push them-
selves to extremes to experience
the simple emotions taken for
granted by humans ot fae. Some
of these creatures continue their
past depredations, ravenous spir-

its ever jealous of those who can

experience feelings now denied to
them. Others pursue a path of re-
demption, hoping to repay past trans
gressions and free themselves from the
wheel of existence. The keremet
aboveall other things, some sortofm
ing to their existence, whether to pt
the wicked, act as guardians of the re-
cently de
sonal task. (This last notion fades quickly
when a keremet wraps up every possible
loose end in her old life and still doesn't
escape her existence.) Some keremeteven-
tually give up trying to find any real
ing and ceaselessly pursue what-
aint pleasures they can derive in

their numbed state. Those of this

bent often inflict great agony on others in order to feel
any sort of emotional gratification. Conversely, some
shades, realizing the value of what they once had, seck to
protect both fae and human lives.

Grim and fatalistic, many of these creatures harbor
secret death wishes, but the will that powers their twi-
light existence also hardwires them to survive — no
matter the cost. Thus, many keremet court dangerous

situations in the hopes of ending their exist-
ence but, when pressed, fight
like mad to live. Lacking


basic emotions, the keremet try to compensate by substi-
tuting a largely inflexible code of honor, logic or desires.
The keremets' sometimes-exaggerated sense of duty paired
with their lack of emotions has made them very useful to
both the fomorians and the sidhe. Without emotional
consequences, the keremet under the fomorian banner
made fearsome, remorseless killers. The sidhe of both
Courts formed an elite oath-bound circle of keremet,
nine for each Court, known as the Soul Bearers, to ferry
human souls to their destination in Arcadia when the
sidhe possess their bodies in the Autumn World. No
sidhe who has returned to Earth remembers this. Walk-
ing the secret trods between the Dreaming and the
Underworld, this small cabal alone reputedly knows the
true location of Arcadia. Hardly ever known to fail, a
Soul Bearer's recent loss of the human soul exchanged for
Lord Harroth Balor is seen as a major calamity by the
normally emotionless adhene.

Lifestyle: Trust, hope and friendship — these
things that do not come easily to the keremet. Highly
solitary, they are lost in cynical thoughts most of the
time. With few needs, emotional or physical, keremet
rarely feel the desire to hold down a job or seek out a
relationship.

Aria

Few keremets care for the vagaries of fashion and
often appear in voile resembling a tattered version of
whatever clothes they wore in life.

# Dioniae: Since keremet rarely feel emotion of any
sort, this Ariéisalmostareliefforsome, though for others
the long forgotten emotions it brings to the forefront
become torment. In this form the keremet looks exactly
as she did when she was alive, and has a strong desire to
reach out and experience human sensations and rela-
tionships. Melancholia is eased in this form (reducing
the difficulty penalties by one) and itis only in this form.
that the keremet may temporarily forget any burdens
imposed by the Pact of Dagda.

* Araminae: In this form the keremet's skin appears
pale white or ashen gray. Insuch astate the keremet may,
or may not, pass for a living human on casual inspection,
— but causes disquiet in those who see him. Eyes shrink

NAAR ORI ORIOL ORO ONO)

back into the skull and gleam an unnatural yellow, blue
or green. The Denizen has either a very gaunt or a
bloated, corpulent appearance. Keremet in this state are
better able to deal with more "everyday" concerns with-
out the instinctual desire for sensation of the Dioniae or
the rigid duty of the Apolliae Aria

© Apolliae: Keremet of this Arid are the dreaded
reapers of souls, taking no pleasure in their work but
performing it with grim efficiency. Here their undead
origins come most fully tothe foreand they look like little
more than animated corpses that exude a slaughterhouse
stench. For obvious reasons their Melancholia Frailty
increases in this form (difficulty penalties increase by
fone) and they fixate completely on accomplishing any
‘oaths. Their eyes are shiny and black, like pieces of onyx
suspended in oil. Most believe this is a result of the
adhene looking into the abyss for so long.

Affinity: Actor or Prop

Birchrighcs

* The Shadowed Way — As spirits of the dead,
keremet can travel the Black Path of Balor, bringing
them occasionally into the Underworld. The keremet
may see and communicate with the dead, but have no
inherent control over them. Unlike most other Deni-
zens, the keremet were exempted from the Silver Ban and
are able to walk the Silver Path.
# Will to Power — As dead spirits of the Dreaming,
only Glamour and their own will animate the keremet,
They don't need to eat or breathe and are immune toall.
but the rarest chimerical diseases. They also feel litte
pleasure or pain. As long as the keremet has at least three
points of Willpower, she has the equivalent of the Merit:
Iron Will and can resist all but the harshest physical
tortures. Finally, for the purpose of resisting Wound
Penalties, every two points of current Willpower (rounded
up) subtract one level of health penalties from any
injuries against the keremet's overall health level. Thus,
a keremet who is down six health levels (Crippled, -5
penalty) and has 3 or 4 Willpower will actually only have
the damage penalty of someone who is Wounded (2
penalty).

2)

SS

Fraitcies

*# The Pact of Dagda — In return for their omission
from the Silver Ban, the keremet performed a ritual that
keeps them to their word when swom by this pact.
Similar in some ways to the trolls' Bond of Duty, this oath
nullifies the keremet's "Will to Power" until the keremet
is able to atone for any breech of faith (usually by
fulfilling new oath or making good on the one originally
sworn). Unlike trolls, the keremetare no more honorable
{ordishonorable) as a group than any other fae. They do
not suffer from a broken oath any more severely than any
other changeling unless they have sworn a Pact of Dagda.
Most keremet avoid giving this oath when possible, but
almost all Denizens know to invoke it at need.

* Melancholia: Although called melancholia, with
all its connotations of sadness, the keremet's lack of
feeling goes far beyond low spirits and hovers on the
verge of being emotionally dead. The keremet's intelli
gence and reasoning capacities remain unimpaired, but
any emotionsare, atbest, felt through athick fog with the
keenest emotion being a profound sense of loss. Because
of this, keremet suffer a +1 difficulty to all Social roll
Additionally, keremet have problems reading other
people's emotional states (+2 difficulty to all Empathy
tolls). Keremet only feel strong emotions when taking
Glamour directly from a mortal Dreamer. Since keremet
find it very difficult to inspire Reverie in most Dreamers,
Ravaging and Reaping are the only reliable ways in
which they can restore their Glamour while in the
waking world. Additionally, a botch draws a point of
Glamour away from the keremet and drives the Dreamer
into form of Rhapsody. Needless to say, this makes the
keremet less than popular with the local fae. Some
keremet become addicted to the experience.

Quote: This isthe Winter of our discontent

TOA

Scereocypes

Acheri — They consider themselves our.
"associates" for some reason. They are lucky.
‘They perform an ordained task and their exist-
ence has some meaning (such as itis).

Aonides — Frivolous hedonists, they are
among the very few who can touch us emotion-
ally. This is to be cherished — and feared (if we
could feel such).

bholg — Seeking ever to reclaim their
former greatness, they have not even noticed
that their race is already dead.

Fuaths —Beasts of the field, their only
purpose seems to be to continue existing. Itis
unfortunate that they misunderstand us so.

Moira — Listen to the ladies of Fate, for
they alone hold the key to our existence.

Naraka — The pain surrounding their
death and resurrection has driven them insane.
‘Now in their rage they threaten to destroy us
all. Guide them back to sanity if possible; de-
stroy them if necessary.

‘Changelings — Some of us have served the
sidhe and there is much to commend the trolls.
The sluagh, however, are the only ones among
them who might ever understand us.

Humankind — Most hi
their lives without any appre
means to be alive. Tragic:

nans go through


Sar

la
TE

UNV A

oy

z

Moira: (COWIOR-ay)

Originally serving as oracles and guardians of hu-
manity, the moire were banished from the Autumn
World despite their duty to impart the workings of Din
to humanity. In ancient Greece and Rome, they were
known as the Delphic Oracles. In the darkened vaults of
temples they foretold human destinies, leaving mortals.
to accept or fight the workings of Fate as they chose.
Often their prophecies helped avert disaster. At other
times, the listener's assumptions led to his own downfall.
The moirwe also acted as the guardians of human
especially children. On the third night after a child's
birth, three moire would come to the newborn's bedside.
After eating the sacrificial meal left by the parents, these
spirits would bless the child and foretell its future. The
few mothers fortunate enough to witness this revelation
treasured the memory as a good luck charm forever.

Unfortunately, dwelling on one's idyllic past rarely
prepares one to deal with the future. Because the moire
lied about a prophecy of great import, the Fates cursed
them and flung them into the Dark Dreaming. Nobody
but the moire and the Fates remember what this proph-
cy was, and the moirse do not discuss theie failings with
outsiders. In the Nightmare Realms, the moire slowly
warped and changed. Humanity forgot them, but its
fascination with Fate never died. Catastrophes through-
out history created a long train of human dreams that
cried out for revenge and retribution. From quiet domes-
tic crimes to the mass slaughter of innocents, these
dreams called to the moire. They took on aspects of
vengeful justice and retribution like the harpies of old,
and swore that humanity's crimes would not go unpun-
ished. When the sidhe came through the Mists from
Arcadia, some of the moirze attacked them, confused by
the visions they saw around the nobles. They knew that
the sidhe were the cause of great suffering, but whether
their crimes had already taken place o were yet to come
remains obscured by the Mists.

Other human longings also reached them. Increas-
ingly, humans began to wish that they had lived their
lives differently. They desired to know what life would
have been like if hey had made different choices. Dreams
of mortals' discontent, disillusionment and their accom-
panying Banality horrified the moire. They vowed that,
when they returned, they would satisfy humanity's
longings and curiosities by showing them their unchosen
pathways and desires in dreams.

Denizens of the Dreaming

Lifestyle: Moire are mostly solitary and keep to
themselves except when fulfilling their functions. Be-
cause of their deep-seated need to serve humanity, they
find areas of human habitation and minister to theit
charges' destinies and dreams until their own Diin calls
them to move on to another place. If they are aware of a
need for justice and retribution, they find the offender
and terrorize him. If they discover a person with unful-
filled dreams or longings, they show her why she should
not pursue such a future or help her realize her dreams,
taking Glamourin return. Moire rely on their Dreamers,
seeing them as exclusive property and fiercely protecting
them from any perceived threat, mortal or changeling.
Much of theie lives are spent in the environs surrounding
given charge's dreams, though they move from person,
toperson over time. Not mere puppets of Fate, individual
moire interpret Fate's pattemings in their own way.
Some actively try to change Fate's dictates from time to
time, though the penalties suffered for such hubrismay be
severe.

Aria

Because of their association with the Noms, moire
also have triune aspects that reflect all three of their
purposes and physical manifestations (maiden, mother
and crone). At the outset of the game, the player may
choose to fit any of these aspects to any of the following
Arid he chooses. Thus, the crone might be a representa-
tive ofthe vengeful Dioniae or the whimsical Araminae.

* Dioniae (Erinyes): Moire are at theit most terri-
fying in this aspect. Relentless, vengeful, and horrifying,
this Arid reflects the Erinyes (Furies) of old. Their visage
becomes a hard mask of fangs and burning eyes, and some
moira develop hornsin this aspect. A wise person seeing
this grotesque horror stays out of her way, gives her what
she wants or runs. Showing dogged cruelty, moirae in this.
Aria enjoy the hunt, finding plenty of innocents and
victims to avenge. Moire often give their targets night:
mares which feature the offender suffering the same
consequences as those he has wronged — and worse
From the moire'sperspective, little Ravaging afterwand
doesn't hurt either. Justice will be served and vengeance
has its rewards.

* Araminae (Whimsy): Weird, nebulous light
surround amoirze in Whimsy. She reflects hidden desire
and untraveled roads, whether those desires be dark
light. Temptress, teacher or warder, she shows people
what their lives could have been, or could still be,

22

=

MARA
their Dan. A moire following this drive also explores
unfulfilled dreams in her targ che, sometimes
ing them, sometimes sup-
hem. Giving mortals what
can be very inspiring or
depending on the mortal.

* Apolliae (Oracle): This aspect is the oldest and
original face of the moire before they were further
changed by mankind's dreams. Typically, the moira
‘ppears as a veiled or blindfolded oracle
ina white robe, or as an angel
oflight. Moira follow
ingthis Aridare
usually

Appl

at their most benevolent. They bring luck and hope and,
even if paired with an otherwise malignant Legacy, they
usually believe themselves to have (ultimately) good
intentions. When a moire senses great Dén for a person,
she may visit him in his dreams to give him guidance or
to rescue him from the banal rut in which he's been
living. A moire in this aspect instills in the one she visits
the belief that she won't harm him — this time around.
Affinity: Actor or Fae

Birchrighcs

*Aural Perception — The moire retain this
ability from the Mythic Age when they
served primarily as oracles to both
Moire can

see a person's Din as ethe-

.._ realimagesswirling around

> his head or body. These

images reveal what the

individual isfated todo,

what he has done or

what larger connection

hemay have in the tap-

estry. Some people have

more to do with Din

than others, and they

aren't always the most

visible people in society,

An "average person" may

have more influence in the

world than an important

low level at
somewhat diso

in a room full of people
To get anything useful,
must spend a
jourandroll
her character's current
Glamour (difficulty 7). If
successful, she may divine
one'"snap-shor" image per-
taining to the person's past
or future actions per suc-
cess. This Birthright may be

61

oy
be
i


used on any given target only once a scene. Because the
Noms gave them free will, they also made it difficult for
the moire to predict their own individual fates with this
Birthright (-3 penalty to any attempt to do so). Finally,
because of their connection to Fate, moire: gain an
additional die to their dice pool for casting any Soothsay
cantrip.

* Fata — Serving such powerful creatures as the
‘Three Fates has its perks. The moira enjoy an exemption
from the Silver Ban and may walk the Silver Path. Few
question Fate's prerogatives; through ancient pacts the
Dreaming exacts vengeance against any that interfere
with its messengers. The punishment usually takes the
form of the Flaw: Cursed and varies in severity and
duration depending on how touched by Fate the perpe-
trator is and the seriousness of the crime. Minor interfer-
ence such as extreme disrespect exacts only a minor
penalty (a 1 point Curse for a full day). Imprisoning,
badly wounding or otherwise hindering a moirae (while
she is on a mission) earns a 2 or 3 point Curse until she
is released or otherwise escapes. Killing a moira while
she is "off-duty" may result in a 4 point Curse for a year
or more. Killing one while she is on a mission for the
Norns may result in a 5 point Curse and may last forever.
Alternate punishments may result in the offender tem-
porarily or permanently gaining the Flaws: Nightmare
and/or Chimerical Magnet. This Birthright applies only
so long as the moira remains a neutral messenger, how-
ever. The moirae annuls this pact by attacking or other-
wise directly damaging someone, either physically or with

Arts, Lastly, because of their connection with the Wyrd
or Fate, moirse have -1 difficulty when Calling Upon the

Wyrd.

Frailcies

* Superstition — Creatures of Fate, the moire are
more susceptible to some ofits whims, including human
superstition. They must avoid nearly all things that
purportedly bring "bad luck" or suffer Nightmares (see
(Changeling: The Dreaming). This taboo includes minor
superstitions such as stepping on cracksin the sidewalk or
a black cat crossing her path as well as major transgres-
sions of fortune such as taking a stone from a sacred
island. Ifa locale has a "bad luck" legend attached to it,

extra die of intensity to the usual penalty. Note that the
‘most common wielders of Sovereign, the sidhe, have
their own traditions against manipulating Fate in such a
manner. Moire forced to perform taboo actions either
through mental manipulation or physical coercion have
only half as difficult a time reversing it, while those who
forced them to do so may be cursed as per the Fata

birthright.

moire will be forced to observe it or suffer the conse-
quences. Storytellersare encouraged tobe creative. Moirae
can absolve themselves of Nightmares or lessen the
severity by reversing what they have done or atoning
(subject to Storyteller discretion). In addition, any vio-
lation of a Geas, Ban or other oath by a moire incurs an

Denizens of che Dreaming

reflection of what is.
Aonides — Contemptible hedonists, they
steal our Dreamers for their own worthless ends!
Fir-bholg —Some are worthy and some are

not.

Fuaths — Many see them as mindless ani-
mals, but they will play a vital role in the final
fate of the Dreaming. Treat them with respect.

Keremet — Many of these were taken by
‘ourhands; they reap what they havesown. They
had best not give us cause to elaborate on the
lesson.

Naraka—They, too, know the meaning of
vengeance, but their current fallen state places
their collective destiny beyond our sight for the
time being (though individuals are not hard to
read). We must watch them carefully.

CChangelings — Some respect the preroga-
tives of Dain; others shall suffer for their iniqui-
ties. The sidhe, in particular, think they are the
shuttles in the loom of Fate's tapestry. They do
not control us and have much for which to
answer.

Humankind — Our charges have been
separated from us for too long! See how they
languish without our guidance. We have a duty
tohelp them untangle the mess they have made
for themselves.

painful. Remember that when next you seek gratification
your basest desires.

Quote: We are vengeance and our teachings are o


sky. As the dust settled, the naraka entered the
qumn World. Like all children, the first thing they

was their mother: Kali the Hindu goddess of
truction. The scent of the destroyer lay thick in the

Seeing the carnage, Kali's newly born offspring un-

Yestood their nature. Their bodies existed as naked
wandering an uninhabited wasteland. At

had no knowledge of Banality's chill as they
Samvarta, the Doomsday Cloud;

and ruins hold no disbeli :
what the land looked like before their mother shaped
ntohher image. Vaguely, they felt their very existence

a legacy of the fears and beliefs of what had once
‘qxisted. Naraka have no memories before their "birth."
They don't remember what they came from, and this
frightens and angers them. Many naraka are obsessed
with learning the mythology of the culture that spawned
them to regain some sense of identity.

Naraka are paradoxically both deadly and childlike.
Their nightmare side is almost innocent in its lack of
‘aperience. Although they run through the mundane
motions of life, the world seems new and strange to them.
Flavor, colors and textures fill them with child-like
wonder. Likewise they become very frustrated about
seemingly trivial things. Thus, while they are the em-
bodiment of destruction, they may also find other beings,
places and objects fascinating or enjoy themselves with
abandon at a party before returning to their usual pur-
suits. They interact with society to leam more of their
probable foes and the way the world works. They're like
thechild whosmilesat the antics of ants before becoming
bored and crushing them.

The naraka exist in a transitional state. Driven to
stop the madness from which they sprang, they know
they were born to be destroyers, but are often unsure who
orwhat to rend. An angry, violated adhene, they seek to
discover who to blame for their agonized birth and strike
cout against the whole world in their fear and hatred.
Whoever hamesses their destructive energies against his
foes may triumph, but reap the whirlwind himselfas well.

Lifestyle: Naraka appear lost in the mortal world.
They find things strange and frustrating or compellingly
interesting (for a brief time). Born in chaos, they despise
structure and order, finding the rules and traditions of the
Autumn World restricting. They don't work or obey

Chapzex Three: The Slecp of Reason Produces (Donscexs

rules. Their outlook combines anarchy with a splash of
nihilism. They despise human weakness. To naraka,
death and destruction are the redeeming qualities of the
Autumn World, valuing the process of change over the
lasting values of static form and shape.

Aria

Inall of their Ariénarakaare sleck and mesmerizing.
They sport trim dark forms and tend toward light colored.
hair. Their glowing red or white eyes evince no discern-
ible pupils. Unlike some fae, they have rounded human
ars, instead of pointed "elf-like" ones. During war they
paint their bodies with Sanskrit sigils of destruction,
change and chaos. Their skins change from deep brown
to dark purple depending on their current Arié. When.
provoked or involved in violence, they can manifest
multiplearms. The extra limbs are notonly intimidating,
but also make the naraka nearly as lethal as Kali herself.

* Dioniae: This Aris is called the Aditi Ari or
"dream form." In this state naraka are the most violent,
volatile and primitive. They feel no compassion orhonor
and make fearsome assassins.

‘* Araminae: In the Aris called the Prajapati Aris or
"mortal" form, naraka become moody and depressed.
They can be angered, but are more prone to fits of
melancholy as they try to remember their origins. Con-
versely, they experience more joy and passion as they
reach greater balance. Naraka appreciate aesthetic beauty
in this form.

* Apolliae: In the Aria knownas the Brihaspati Aria
or "living dream form," naraka are calm, calculating and
unemotional —astate they seek toachieve. In this form,
naraka never show any emotion unless some cantrip or
other power magically implants the feeling in them.

Affinity: Fae or Scene

Birchrighcs

© Wrath of Kali Ma — Naraka may issue searing
flames from their mouths. The player rolls a number of
dice equal to the character's current Glamour (difficulty
7). The attack has a range of one meter, does one level of
nonaggravated damage per success and can be dodged as
normal. It costs one point of Glamour to perform. This
Birthright also confers a partial immunity to fire. Fire
damage against naraka is not aggravated and they are at
-1 difficulty to soak.

* Arms of Ravana — This Birthright allow the
naraka to manifest multiple arms for combat or intimida-
tion. The extra appendages emerge from the naraka's

i
f
‘

i

y

4

6 Y,


a,

GS

/

Gi

x
yy:

L2

Le)

side, the process taking one combat turn. The player rolls
dice equal to his current Glamour (difficulty 7), with the
number of arms manifested equal to the number of
successes rolled. Each success also adds one extra die to
Melee or Brawl rolls or may add an extra physical action
for every additional pair of arms (rounded up). This
Birthright costs one Glamour to invoke and lasts one
tum per success or until the naraka decides to revert to
her original form, whichever comes first.

Fraitcy

* Curse of Shiva — The naraka have a fatal weak-
ness: Music. In the presence of live music a naraka must
drop what she is doing and dance, unless she rolls her
Willpower (difficulty varies based on the performer's
skill). Successes indicate how many turns the character
can go without succumbing to the effects of this Frailty.
Alternatively anaraka can spend a temporary Willpower
to ignore this Frailty. Generally speaking, when naraka
aren't in life-threatening situations, they go ahead and
dance.

* Selective Possession —The naraka are limited by
Geas and custom as to whom they can possess. By holy
law, nomatter what form of possession the naraka chooses
to use, he may only inhabit the body of someone of the
Hindu faith. Though hardly a disadvantage in India or
large cosmopolitan cities, it can be daunting in other
regions. The naraka can use other methods of interacting
with the mundane world without possession. Addition-
ally, because of their genesis, no naraka may start the
game with the Background: Remembrance.

Quote: These are your last hours, for we have come
among. you bringing the dance of destruction to your world.

Acheri — Like us, they often leave a wake of
death. We admire their potential to bring radical
change with their mere presence. We are creatures
of war; they of pestilence. We gladly ride alongside
them to change this world.

Aonides — The aonides have much they can
teach us. They are wisest in the ways of man and
have the capacity to manipulate humans into self-
destructive behavior. Like changelings, the aonides
inspire humanity, though their gift pushes the re-
Cipient to the brink of madness

Fir-bholg — Angry creatures, their understand-
ing of the natural aspects of this world are great, but
they are as ignorant of humanity aswe are. They make
grandiose claims about ancient times, but their past
does not interest us. The fir-bholg believe that some
great calamity will soon consume the Autumn Lands.
Pethaps we are that cataclysm.

Fuaths — As chaotic and vengeful as we are.
Pethaps it would be wise to include them in our
plans to tear the Autumn World to shreds. Their
magic would greatly augment our battle prowess.

Keremet — They are human souls lost in the
Dreaming, yet counted the most inhuman of the
adhene.

Moirse —The Moire are among the most fighten-
ing Denizens. They pasess a strong connection to the
Wyrd, which makes our nightmare powers real in this
world. Unforunately, they seek to protect humanity.
‘Thispursthem in direct conflict with our goal to make of
the Autumn Work a clean slate.

Changelings — Some of them are of right
mind, mostly those of the Unseelie variety. The
Seelie have a deluded concept that the Dreaming is
nothing withouthuman imagination. Yet, theyclaim
we older than the tribes of man. How can this be?
Do the animals and trees not dream? We should
make alliances with Unseelie who can aid us in our
quest to stop humanity'smadness. We will deal with
the interfering Seclie accordingly.

Humankind — Despised, foolish weaklings!
Learn what you can of them and their plans. Kill
them when you can, but without being caught. The
rules and structures with which they blight their
world are why itiscalled the "Autumn Lands." They
have no respect for the beauty and creativity of
chaos. Our duty calls us to show them the error of




Toa anew
AIRRATRATRY

Pues

an => » Ww

This chapter provides information for creating Dark- he look like? Why is she undertaking the neat
kin player characters and Storyteller characters. In- dangersinherent to visiting this world of ols?
cluded here is a section on new Abilities, Backgrounds, mental picture should suffice at thi
Merits and Flaws and three new Arts. find that the character grows more real as the

. process progresses. As in the other Storyteller games, the

Character Creation Ieocea cele Wide sorte a aS
around applying the points in a defines the
character's basic Attributes and Al Is the charac-
ter strong or weak? Intelligent? Bea ‘What are her
skills? Is she a good fighter? Perhaps she's artistic or
social? Alll of the details needed are listed on the chart
below.

Many of the rules for creating Denizens characters
are similar to those found in Changeling: The Dream-
ing. These rules are recapped and expanded here. The
initial decision that a player must make about her char-
acter is to decide just who that character is. What does


Characcer Creation Chare

* Step One: Character Concept
Whoare you?Choose Adhene, Starting Aria, Legacy
and Concept

Adhene: To what Denizen race do youbelong?

Arié: What are your character's primary, sec-
ondary and tertiary forms? These also affect the
character's two beginning Tempers: Glamour and
Willpower. Denizens don't begin the game with
the third Temper — Banality.

Legacy: What is your character's personality
for each Ari

Concept: Who are you? What defines your
basic character concept? Usually a two or three
word summation will suffice (ie.;"Fuath Avenger").
* Step Two: What are your basic Attributes?

Prioritize your three categories: Primary, second-
ary and tertiary classes (7/5/3). Apply these as
desired to the three categories below.

hoose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity,

mina

Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation,
Appearance

(Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence,
Wits
* Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize your thee categories: Primary, second-
ary and tertiary classes (13/9/5). Apply these as
desired to the three categories below.

Choose Talents: Your innate, intuitive abili-
ties,

Choose Skils: Your trained abilities.

Choose Knowledges: Abilities you study and
memorize.
* Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds: 5

Choose Ants: 3

Choose Realms: 5
Step Five: Final Touches

Record beginning Glamour and Willpower as
determined by your Arid.

Record adhene Birthrights and Frailties.

‘Spend freebie points (15). As per the costs in
Changeling.

Choose Merits and Flaws.

Denizens of rhe Dacaming

‘Asa rule Denizens who are not "Evanescent" don't
have much knowledge of the waking world, its customs,
traditions and Autumn sciences. Beginning Denizen
characters who have just come through the Mists into
this world are limited to one level in any highly technical

<" Abilities. This list includes: Hu-

streetwise, Drive, Firearms, Security
(at least that involving technological devices), Com-
puter, Human Law, Autumn Lore, Medicine orany ofthe
Autumn Sciences (Biology, Psychology etc.). Denizens
may start with a little information simply because some
knowledge trickles into the Dreaming. Such information
is rarely complete enough to give a Dark-kin anything
bur the most basic understanding of a given subject.
Those players who wish to life this cap may do so by
purchasing the Merit: Evanescent.

New Knowledges

Aucumn Lore

Humans are strange. Their actions are often a com:
plete mystery, even to their own kind. All Denizens, no
matter how deep in the Dreaming they originally lived,
have some knowledge of human interaction. The Dream-
ing is after all, made up of human thoughts. Neverthe:
less, this garbled knowledge isalmost useless in day today
life without Autumn Lore. A fir-bholg might wonder
why people use a fork when eating when a dagger does
just as well. A note on language: A Denizen knows his
‘own native tongue and "impresses" on the dominant
language in whatever part of the waking world he first
Human culture includes its languages and at the
fourth and fifth levels of this Knowledge, the Denizen
also learns a foreign language with each new level (and
brief immersion in its culture). The Storyteller should
note that this Knowledge doesn't confer any specific
realm of knowledge, but is more of a generalized 10]
course on being a human being. Denizens may not buy
this Knowledge above one dot at the beginning of the
game unless they purchase the Merit: Evanescent. Story-
tellers who wish to begin the game with characters
already versed in human ways may choose to give one of
two levels of this Knowledge to players for free.
Student: Freak. "Why-you-are-staring? Me am
ish."
Journeyman: Outsid:
stranger here. How do L use this t

but

eo "Excuse me, I am @

cradiophone device?"


Scholar: Human. You easily pass for human, as
Jong 2s people don't look too carefully.

© Expert: All too human. You fit right in, perhaps
alittle too well for your cousins back in the Dreaming.
#9068 Master: More human than human. You make
other humans fee! like maybe its they who don't belong.

Changeling Lore

Kithain are strange and alien to most Denizens.
‘Those with this Ability have made it a point to study
their old adversaries, This gives general knowledge con-
cerning which kith is which and the ability to predict
how they might behave in certain situations. At higher
levels the Denizen is privy to some of their innermost
secrets. Since it's impossible to learn everything about
the Kithain without observing them in the Autumn
Realms, Denizens may not buy this Knowledge above
two levels at the beginning of the game unless they
purchase the Merit: Evanescent.
° Student: You can tell the difference between a
boggan and a troll
** Journeyman: You can tell the difference be-
tween House Gwydion and House Balor.
¢e¢ = Scholar: You can tell the difference between
House Eiluned and House Aili
seee Expert: The antics of the pooka make some

Master: Youaremore athome among the change-

lings than among your own kind.

Denizen Lore

Denizensare often as strange to each otheras they are
to the Kithain. Separated by vast stretches of time and
geography in the Dreaming, they often only remember
each other as myths. A fir-bholg from a backwater part of
the Dreaming may be just as surprised to see a naraka in
the Autumn World as a changeling, vampire or insur-
ance salesman. Denizens with this Knowledge keep track
of their old allies. Denizens without this Ability know
only the everyday facts about their own adhene and
rumors about neighboring races.

* Student: You are privy to who hates whom
within your own tribe.

¢¢ Journeyman: You know of the habitsand where-
abouts of neighboring tribes.

Scholar: You know some details about all the
adhene listed in this book (though some details may be

eeee Expert: Youhaveexperiencewithalltheadhene Y
listed in this book.

Master: You have a complete understanding of
the cultural habits of all the best known adhene.

New CDerics & Flaws

‘There are numerous Merits & Flaws listed in Change-
The Dreaming and other sourcebooks, most of
which are appropriate for Denizens. Storytellers should
note that some players attempt touse Flaws to "min-max"
their characters, using the points to buy Merits or to
bump up their Arts to an unwanted degree. This practice
is rendered all the worse if the player has no intention of
roleplaying, or the Storyteller of enforcing, these Flaws.
Many Storytellers find it useful to limit the number of
both Merits and Flaws allowed at the game's outset (a
maximum of 3, 5 or 7 points accommodate a range of
styles). The best way to limit the abuse of the Flaw system
is for Storytellers to enforce Flaws in pla
discouraging min-maxing, properly playing
to interesting roleplaying opportunities. The Storyteller
has the final word on which Merits and Flaws he permits
in his game.

Derics
Aura of Fear (2 poinc CDeric)

Many Denizens threaten by their very presence, but
you take this to a preternatural extreme. By spending a
point of Glamour you exude an air of menace that may
stop the boldest creatures in their tracks. Anyone who
wishes to attack or even insult you must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 7) before doing so.

Banalicy Resiscance (3 poine CDeric)

Even though you have not undergone the Chan
ling Way Ritual, you are more resistant to gaining Bat
ity in whatever form you take. You no longer automati-
cally gain Banality while in Phantom Form or upon
possessing a human. Your rate of Banality accrual is no
faster than that of the average changeling

Change Aria (3 poinc CDeric)

Unlike most Denizens you have voluntary control
over when you change your Arié. Changes ofthis nature
still affect both your physical appearance and your emo-

tional state. Use of this Merit requires one point of
Willpower.

‘Chapeer Four: Butlding che Perfece Beast

RS)
i
iS)

Se

x


WN Evanescenc (2-3 poinc CDeric)

A Most Dark-kin were locked out of the Autumn
World for thousands of years; they know next to nothing
about human affairs or the secret dangers which await in
its Banality choked streets. Even most aonidesand moira
spend more time in the Dreaming than in the waking
realms. Some Denizens have lurked among humanity for

and are well versed in its ways. Characters who take
this Merit are familiar with the various forms of posses-
sion. They may buy any of the curtailed Abilities up to
their maximum extent (though normal Changeling ules,
still apply to Abilities bought over three points at the
beginning of a game) and are experienced in the most
basic of human interactions (anything more requires the
Autumn Lore Knowledge). Those adhene not included
in the Silver Ban (aonides, keremet and moire) pay only
two points for this Merit, while any others pay three.
Evanescents begin the game with two permanent points
of Banality and are, hence, able to pass through the
Meridianus without hindrance. Storytellers who wish
to begin the game with characters already versed in
human ways may choose to give this Merit to
players for free.

Haman Shell (4 poine (Deri)

You woke up on the other side of the Mists
with a surprise. Your fae mien was
clothed in a fully functional human
form. This body is roughly the same size

your faerie mien and makes you look
entirely human. It may have been a gift
from the No ia stolen it,
entered a pact

at grandfather had
since the Tessarakonta for

ch an occasion. Having more
five dots y Attribute is still a viola-

tion of reality in the Autumn Realm. The
body in question may not exceed your

Physical Attributes in the Dreaming,
though you may m the numbers
around. You, of course in your yy,
own Mental Attributes, Charisma

and Manipulation. Also, you now
share the Banality inherent in such
a form. You have a beginning
Banality rating of two.


Anachronism (4 poine Flaw) J)
There is something of a time lag in the Dreaming, Wy)
(}

explaining why ancient dreams still hold such power and
iy
y

why modern sensibilities have not monopolized the
much more dangerous piece of information. Killing the RK
f

and even changelings and other adhene look askance
at you.

Blackmailed (1-2 poine Flaw)

There is something in your past you don't want to
come to light and someone knows it. This person (ot
organization) demands outrageous sums of money or
services and sensitive information in return for silence.
Thisisa I point Flaw if the secret isa relatively minorone
that would merely cause greatembarrassment or personal

Be ro proce atch to dream of thepee: T vcnlence i revcled/A\2 point athe aaa

Inany case, you must spend double the experience points
tobuy any "modern" Abilities, no matter how long you
have been in the Waking. This Flaw may notbe taken by
naraka.

Dreamscape. Not only are you unfamiliar with the mod-
y
blackmailer will probably only make matters worse, but (PNY

‘emhuman world, but you're unwilling or unable tolear.
Pethaps you merely think the old ways are best or pethaps

ifthe player is sufficiently clever about turning the tables y
on the blackmailer (ie. finding out one of his dark

Banaticy CDagnec (4 poine Flaw)

Most Denizenshave ahigh susceptibility to Benality,
er'you have it worse than moet: Maybe your family was
cursed by the Tuatha dé Danaan, or maybe you are just
easily addicted to beer and television. You attract twice
the Banality of other Denizens and even in forms that
don't normally attract Banality you accrue one point
‘each day you fail to gain one success on a Glamour roll
(difficulty equal to the local Banality). This Flaw may
create great difficulties for a beginning character and the
player should consider things carefully before taking it.

secrets) the Storyteller may decrease, or eliminate, this
Flaw — at least temporarily

Gochaids Curse (3 poinc Flaw)

Even more than usual, when possessing a human
body you are bound to your host's psyche and must work
toward any goals that she pursued before you possessed
her. This is not absolute — you can also pursue your own,
‘agenda — but unless you do something to substantively
further her welfare or desires (Storyteller's decision), you
lose a point of Willpower per day no matter what method
of possession you use. You cannot regain any Willpower

until you have been out of the body for 24 hours.

ny

Banished (2/4/6 poine Flaw)

Because of some crime, real or imagined, you have

been banished from your particular adhene. This Flaw
has three different degrees of seriousness. Those with a
two point Flaw have been banished but there is some
hope of return. Perhaps you have "merely" to fulfill some
nearly impossible task in the Waking first. This level
Flaw may or may not be enforced by any magic. With a
four point Flaw, not only have you been banished, but
you wear some mark that allows your entire adhene to
recognize you as an outcast. You may never return toany
area inhabited by your people and even those of your race
in the waking world may try to make your life miserable.
Finally, the six-point version of this Flaw means that a
powerful Geas has exiled you from the Dreaming. This
does not necessarily mean that you can never go into the
Dream Realms, but only powerful magic will allow you
temporary entry. (You may still enter freeholds in the
Autumn World, however.) Further, not only are you
banished, but actively hunted. Your fellow adhene will
likely kill you on sight (or try to capture you for a reward)

DD

Jack o Witt (3 poinc Flaw)

The heady rush of taking Glamour directly from a
human vessel can be too much for some Denizens to
resist. You instantly became addicted to Ravaging, mak-
ing you quite unpopular with the local Kithain. Even
your fellow Denizens soon realized that you are sucking
up mote Glamour than your fair share. Further, no
individual epiphany matches your memories of your
earliest Ravaging experiences; you require more and
more sensation to sate your desires, destroying more lives
in your wake. Whenever confronted with a human
Dreamer of any strength, you must makea Willpower oll
(difficulty 9) or spend all your energies toward being able
toRavage him. You do not even cate ifthis leads toanet
increase in your Glamour; it's the experience you crave.
Led to greater and greater perversions, you take absurd
risks to feed your addiction. Your Dioniae Arid gains +2
Willpower in all contests to assume dominance of your
psyche and you may not buy the Merit: Change Arié.

Chaprer Four: Building the Perfece Bease


This is a pitiful state for a Denizen. If you work at it you
may eventually free yourself of this addiction. Alterna-

local changelings may hunt youdown like the mad
dog you are.

Ourcasr (2 poinz Flaw)

Unlike the banished, you are still nominally a partof
your adhene's culture, but occupy its very lowest rung.
You may be a bottom-feeder at the fringes of a fir-bholg
army, a Pariah among the naraka or the worst sort of
kitsch artist among the muses. Those above you think
little of insulting or demeaning you and your legal status
among your own kind is debatable, though they rarely
attack you outright. Other Dark-kin may take pity on
you, but are likely to see you as inconsequential.

Paranoia (2 poine Flaw)

Coming through the Mists wasn't easy for you. You
are suspicious of everything and everybody. These hu-
mans are everywhere and possess strange and provoca-
tive powers. No wonder they're destroying the Dreaming.
so easily — it's plot! The changelings are in on it too,
turing themselves into some sort of demi-humans to
further the cause of Banality. You'd call your friends for
help, but what if they're in on it too? Characters with this
Flaw are at +1 difficulty to all Social rolls.

Backgrounds

Denizens may take any Backgrounds changelings
have, though the Storyteller should limit the Dreamers
and Autumn World Resources Backgrounds to one point
unless the player buys the Merit: Evanescent. This sec-
tion presents one new Background (Destiny) and details
the Denizen version of the Title Background,

Desciny

Dan is the guiding force in the tapestry of life.
Neither predestination nor free will, it paradoxically
combines the two. This Background reflects your
character's relative importance in the tapestry. He may
be slated for greatness or a horrible demise, but his is
certain to be a tale that goes down into legend. One
should keep in mind that those who are greatest are not
always ound in court or with atitle. Sometimes the little
things that your character does can have long lasting
influence on what he encounters later down the road.

‘This Background doesn't necessarily grant special
privileges; it mustbe roleplayed. Youand your Storyteller
should decide some of the things your Dén will entail
before you begin yourchronicle. Your character mightbe

Denizens of the Dreaming

22

aservantof the Noms or someone prophesied to prevent
a grave disaster. You are only guaranteed that you won't
die before achieving some form of greatness, but your
death itself may fulfill chis Dan. Typically, those with this,
Trait attract soothsayers and moire. Their lives roll
coaster through glorious successes and crushing de

The kiss of Fate is both a blessing and a curse, but always,
a terrible burden.

* Basic: You will achieve at least one important
quest.

** Minor: Moira make mild obeisance to you in
the streets.

#%* Useful: You are in some way attached to one or
more legendary Treasures.

#298 Significant: Soothsayers and prophets begin to
rave whenever you enter the room.

#06 Incredible: You have met the Noms personally,
and youcould probably get them todo some of the things
that you ask... for a price.

Ticle

Unless this Background is purchased, the Denizen is
assumed to be of the lowest rank in whatever form of
hierarchy her adhene observes. Of course some adhenes
more strictly enforce these distinctions than others and
some hardly observe such distinctions at all. Most Deni-
zens have little cause to obey the strictures of another
adhene's noble class. The advantages of this Background
among foreign adhene is, then, more one of respect than
obedience. Of course noble rank may make the character
a target for assassination or kidnapping for ransom. Rank
and title mean little to the individualistic acheri and the
keremet. The aonides may appreciate the trappings of
power, but theirs isa loose-knit meritocracy based on arts
inspired.

Rank is most important among the fir-bholy and
fuaths (a rough tribal ranking), the moire (ahierarchy of
priests and priestesses) and the naraka who follow acaste
system similar to that found in India (the naraka Vedic
aesthetic has moved some of the castes around). If a
member of these adhenes does not buy this Background,
he is assumed to be of the lowest rank or caste possible
without being an outcast. The ranks given here represent
the most commonly acknowledged hierarchies, but ate
‘not consistent throughout the Dreaming.

Novice: A veteran warrior or cardace (fir-bholg
or fuath), a novitiate among the moire, a Vaishya of the

Lz


© LowRank: A war-party leader/sergeant-at-arms
(fi-bholg or fuath), a monk among the moira, a Shudra
of the naraka.
Medium Rank: A knight (fir-bholg or fuath), a
priestess among the moira, a low Kshatriyaof the naraka.

The na hierarchical value on
different types of professions, thus a character
buying a certain caste should buy at least some
of the skills that would logically accompany it
Naraka castes are, from lowest to highest:
Vaishya (tra 1d cultivators), Shudra

sans), Kshatriya (warriors or political opera-
tives) and Brahmin (priesthood). Characters
who wish to play a member of the Pariah or
"untouchab should buy the Flaw: Out-

cast,

eee High Rank: A tribal chieftain or war-priestess
(fir-bholg or fuath), « high priestess among the moire, a
high Kshatriya or low Brahmin of the naraka.

##6¢* Command Staff: Chieftain of a tribal nation or

high war-priestess (fir-bholg or fuath), a grand-matriarch
among the moira, a high Brahmin of the naraka.

New Arcs

While these are Arts mostly known among Deni-
zens, certain changelings might be able to leam them if
they can find a willing teacher.

Despite the confusion sometimes caused by itsname,
this Art has little to do with Banality. It is, simply, an

ancient Art, which has long allowed some the fae to
interact with the mundane world without resorting to
the extremes of the Changeling Way Ritual. This Artis
rarely possessed by either changelings or Denizens, nei-
ther of whom have needed it much over the Miririm.
Mainly practiced by the muses and other Evanescent
Denizens, it has recently become quite the bargaining
chip
Attribute: Manipulation

© InsufFlacion (Complex Possession)

The easiest method of interacting with the Autumn
World, this cantrip involves the active possession of a
non-sleeping human. Unlike Simple Possession, Insuf-
flation allows the Denizen to take physical form in the
human world without the debilitating accrual of Banality
inherent to Simple Possession. Denizens who seek to
take human form must expend a point of Glamour and
make a Willpower roll (difficulty equal to the target's,
Willpower or inherent Banality, whichever is higher).
For each success the Denizen may occupy the target for
a full day. The Denizen may automatically add to this
amount of time by spending additional Glamour, each
point buying an amount of time equal to the first. The
dangers to this are considerably less than those encoun-
tered in Simple Possession; no matter how long the
Denizen possesses the person, he only gains one tempo-
rary point of Banality (unless encountering or

in high Banality situations)

The Denizen takes on the Physical Attributes and
Appearance of the person he possesses while
inghis own Mental Attributes, Charisma and Manipu!
tion. This ability takes a full tur to activate and only
works on unenlightened humans, not prodigals or hu-
mans with Awakened avatars (i.e., mages)

Insufflation confers fragmented memories (but no
Abilities) from the possessed person's life, thus making it
possible to pull offa convincing masquerade against those
who know the person well, but not easy. As with Simple
Possession, the Denizen in this state can use any of his
Arts, common voile or chimerical weapons, but cannot
call upon any special Treasures. The Denizen may En-
chant mortals while in this state but may not call upon
the Wyrd. Possessed humans may remember theiractions
while under this power (subject to the Mists) and may
have a vague notion of an alien presence.

Type: Chimerical


@@ Manifescacion

‘With this cantrip the Denizen is able to fully manifest his
true form in the Autumn World. While this cantrip is in effect
the Denizen has all the physical presence and Banality resis-
tance of the changelings. As with the Kithain, the Denizen
possesses a faerie and a human mien, the first of which is only
visible to those with faerie sight. With Manifestation the
Denizen can use any of his Arts, chimerical weapons or
‘Treasures. The Denizen may Enchant mortalsandcall upon the
Wyrd. This cantrip costs one point of Glamour to cast, requires
roll against the Denizen's permanent Glamour (difficulty 5)
and lasts for one week per success.

Type: Wyrd

SOO Zeicgeise

Strangers to the Autumn World, some Dark-kin have
neither the time nor the inclination to leam all its subtleties.
Hundreds of languages, thousand oflocal customs! Who can be
bothered' Zeitgeistsmoothesoverthe problemsencounteredby
strangers in a strange land. It gives the Denizen temporary
knowledge of the local language, helps him understand local
customs and cultures, and minimizes Social penalties to die
(unless the Denizen does something violent or outrageous, this
does not include Social penalties stemming from a Denizen's
Flaws or Frailties). The local population might realize the
Denizen is stranger, but unless truly suspicious o insular, they
‘won't go out oftheir way to bother him. This cantrip costs one
point of Glamour. The Denizen makes a Manipulation +
ay Streetwise roll (difficulty 6). The cantrip lasts one day per

success.
‘Type: Chimerical

@OCE Dayctais Boon
(Wat che Silver Pach)

‘The Tuatha dé Danaan's magic has weakened in recent
centuries and even they could not foresce all possibilities.
‘During the Miririm a fir-bholg sorcerer developed a cantrip by
which Denizenscould disguise their mystic "signature" fromthe
Silver Ban. Cynically dubbed "Dagda's Boon," the cantrip
spread to other adhene, though it isn't commonly known.
‘Those who use it may walk the Silver Path without Kithain
pemnission. Thiscantnp also makes its caster partially "transpar-
ent" to Soothsay, the divining powers of the moire and any
spells to detect fomorian taint. The number of successes rolled
on this cantrip may automatically be used as a dice pool to
‘contest any such spells. The Denizen casting this cantrip must
spendapointofGlamourand makearoll againstherpermanent
Glamour. The cantrp lasts one day for every success.

Type: Chimerical

Denizens of che Dreaming

‘A power sid to be wielded by Ravana himself, this potent
cantrip allows its wielder to bring aspects of the Dreaming into
the mundane world, casting them directly into the mind of a
target without the need for Enchantment. The target of these
chimeras believes they are real;hallucinatory fire maybum him,
andan illusory wall an blockhim. Thiscantrip affects only one
personatatime. Otherpeoplecan trytoconvince the tangetthat
his terrors aren't real, but he won't believe them unless he
achievesat least twosxccessesona Willpower roll (difficulty9).
Even then, he has trouble ignoring the effects and isat-3 toall
actions Most frequently wielded by Denizensand some Kithain,
of the Unseelie Coury, it is typically shunned by outsiders as,
nothing more than a sophisticated "illusion."

Reality's Horror costs ane point of both Glamour and
Willpower to set in motion and lasts for an entire scene If the
Denizen seeks to hurt her victim, her player must roll Manip
lation + Realm (difficulty equals the victim's permanent Banal-
ityor Willpower, whichever ishigher). Each axccesinflctsone
level of damage. Ifthe caster wishes to cause less damage she
mustannounce amaximum damage before the rol. Thispower
ispurely chimerical and cannot actually ill its victims atleast
in the mundane world (Although a tage with a heart coni-
tion could die from fight orone mightbe convincedtooverlook
something harmful, such as a nearby cliff). Usually a victim
"filled" by an illusory attack ustloses consciousness. Alinjuries
disappear on mundane or prodigal targets once they awaken ot
are convinced that they weren't really harmed.

Type: Chimerical

Some say the Dark-kin learn Discord in their sleep,
taught by the ancient Dragon Ouroborous. This legend
could be just an intimidation tactic the naraka made up
tofit their dark mysticism. However, some sidhe believe
that this same mythical creature endows the fae with the
Dragon's Ire; Discord is undeniably an Art of war. Dis:
cord is brutal and effective in incapacitating, cripplingor
slaying an opponent. Naraka most commonly wield this,
Art, which adds to the ambiguity of its origin, but itis
sometimes practiced by other adhene. Few changelings

LRG RGN RA RAT RG


have ever seen anything like it. If the Denizen augments
this Are with others such as Wayfare and Primal, he may
even go toe to toe with powerful prodigals.

Attribute: Dexterity

© House of CDirrors

This cantrip makes a creepy distraction tactic by
creating multiple chimerical images. These images are
harmless and cannot attack anyone, but in a combat
situation opponents take some time to figure out which
Denizen (or changeling) is the right one to hit amid
shifting shadows and whirling half-seen images. Some
may be mirror copies ofthe caster, while others consist of
moving light and shadow seen from the comer of the eye
that are too threatening to ignore.

System: The Realm used determines what the im-
ages distract. This Art costs one point of Glamour. Each
chimerical image is animated and moves around in a
confusing, menacing manner. Used in conjunction with
the Actor Realm, this cantrip affects human viewers
while the Prop Realm is necessary to fool a camera. The
number of successes rolled (difficulty 7) dictate how
many images form. For each image created, the target of
the cantrip has a + 1 difficulty to Initiative rolls in
combat, and to all Wits related rolls when not in a
combat situation. It lasts one tum per success.

Type: Chimerical

©@@ Hermes' Fleceness

Hermes' Fleetness increases the reflexes and agility
of a target, making attempts to dodge blows easier.

System: When Hermes' Fleetness cast, the charac-
ter must spend one temporary Glamour. The character
that cast Hermes' Fleetness receives a -1 difficulty modi-
fier on Dodge rolls for each success. This Art cannot
lower dodge difficulties below three. This effect lasts for
‘one tur per success.

‘Type: Chimerical

OSES Armiluscra

‘This cantrip can augment a weapon (or bare hands)
to do aggravated damage. Sometimes called "Myth-
Bane" it is not only as potent as iron to the fae, but also
lethal to prodigals. The weapon so enchanted takes on a
fiery glow.

System: The Realm used determines what delivers
thesting of the Myth-Bane. Thus, the Prop Realm would
enchant a sword while the Fae Realm would effect the
attacker's fists and the Nature Realm would enchant a
rose's thorns or cat's claws. One point of temporary

TDD) OD™D DN PAN

Glamour must be spent to cast the Armilustra cantrip.
The number of successes rolled (difficulty 6) determine
how many "charges" of aggravated wounding potential
the cantrip has until it needs to be cast again. For
example, ifcast on.a sword, four successes would indicate
that the enhanced weapon could do four levels of aggra-
vated damage before becoming a normal sword again.
The amount of aggravated damage cannot exceed the
weapon dice rolled on any given attack
Type: Wyrd

SOE Whirling Dervish

This cantrip adds great accuracy in battle due to
speed and nimble precision. Whirling Dervish is
ally cast before a combat situation. The cantrip makes it
easier to hit an opponent that coincides with the Realm.
used.

System: Realms for Whirling Dervish are identical
to Life and Limb (see below). Thus, if the Denizen
attempts to affect another fae, he must have that Realm
todoso, while trying to destroy a precious object with one
blow would require the use of Prop. The Denizen casting
Whirling Dervish must spend a point of temporary Glam-
our to cast this cantrip.

For each success rolled, the character has a -1 modi-
fier to the difficulty number when trying to hit the target
of this cantrip. Whirling Dervish lasts one tum per
success and cannot lower the difficulties in combat to less
than two. Botches indicate that rolls against the in-
tended target will have a higher difficulty than normal.

Type: Wyrd

BOSSE Life and Limd

Life and Limb is primarily cast before violent con-
flicts when the character knows things will come to
blows. It augments the Denizen's instinct to strike vital
areas on an opponent.

System: The Realm chosen to accompany this Art
must coincide with the nature of the Denizen's target.
‘One point of temporary Glamour must be spent for each
target of Life and Limb. The number of successes be-
comes extra dice in the damage dice pool of the charac
ter. Additionally, if the Denizen wielding it rolls more
perfect 10s (that aren't offset by 1s) than its target has in
‘Stamina, the target loses a limb (or an integral part of an
object). Life and Limb lasts until the end of the user's
current combat or until one decisive blow has been struck
in non-combat situations.

Type: Wyrd

Chaprer Four: Building che Pexfece Beas


RR I ORINE

"Ofallthe reat tha we have facedin thes 30 ears, themost
troubtinghasbeen the reappearance of the Onciromancers.Ifthey are
not stopped, I predict nothin less than the disckution of the Dream.
Nation." So spoke Duke Dray ata recent secret reune of the
Parliament of Dreams. Literally "divination through dreams,"
‘Oneiromancyis far more — the power of sleeping dreamsmade
flesh. Believed to be acreation ofthe fomorians (who reputedly
practiced itatevelsfarexceeding those discusedhere) this Art
isnot widely practiced, even among the Dark kin. Itneverthe-
less remains a valuable tool in the hands of the retuming
Denizens. Changelings have found it particularly dificult to
battle this Are, which effectively blurs the borders between,
reality and fantasy, sleep anal waking. Some retuming Denizens
we it to steal or destroy changeling Dreamers, claim freeholds
orforassasination. Toatfectsomeone with any ofthe following
cantrips, the caster must have a valued personal item from the
target. An initial point of Glamour is required to activate the
link and a Glamour roll (difficulty 7) determines how many
‘antrips may be cast through the item before itis lost to the
Dreaming. Finally, the caster must have seen the targetat some
point during the preceding day (doing so through scrying is
ancceptable).

Attribute: Intelligence

© Oncirodynia

This is the ability to send dreams. The caster has
little control over the dream's actual content, but can
dictate the type of dream — generally anything definable
in two words or less (e.g., calm flying, sexual nightmare
or good fortune). The caster may also plant one "image"
in the dream (a sight, smell, melody, etc.

‘System: The caster spends a point of Glamour and
makes a contested Intelligence + Realm roll against the
target's current Willpower or Banality (whichever is
higher). For each success scored over the target's roll, the
target will have the dream for one night. The Mists scale
in the Changeling rulebook determines how well the
target remembers the dream the next day.

‘Type: Chimerical

@O Oncirocricia

Meaning "dream reader," this cantrip allows the
‘Oneiromancer to see the content of another person's
dreams as they occur. Though invaluable for turning up
blackmail material or other treasured secrets, proper
interpretation can be difficult. The Storyteller should
relate dream images in a fragmentary manner so that the
caster has to dig through the waking detritus that com-
monly infests most dreams.

System: The caster spends a point of Glamour and
rolls her Intelligence + Realm (difficulty equals the
target's current Willpower or Banality, whichever is
higher). For each success the caster can read one hour of
the target's dreams. The caster may also "capture" parts
of the dream, storing them in a specially carved crystal.
To capture these images the caster must spend an addi-
tional point of Glamour and mak imour roll (diffi-
culty 7). The Oneiromancer may record one sequence of
dream (¢.g., the part where the dreamer is reliving when,
she murdered her husband) per success. Someone using
this cantrip can "read" the crystal by making a successful
Intelligence + Prop roll (difficulty 7). Each success re-
veals one dream portion within the capturing crystal.

Type:

@SO Oncinacaxia

Ac this level the caster may cause the target's mid-
night fantasies to intrude intohisdaylight hours, blurring
the borderline between sleep and waking. His dreams
become real, manifesting themselvesasself-perpetuating
chimera that only the Dreamer can see. (Though those
with Kenning may catch glimpses of them.) These chi-
meraare harmless phantasms with no material substance.
They appear wholly real to the waking dreamer, how-
ever, and dog his footsteps throughout the day, driv
some targets over the brink of madness (especially ifhe
is hiding some sort of guilty secret).

System: The caster spends a point of Glamour and
makesacontested roll ofhis Intelligence + Realm against
the target's current Willpower or Banality (whicheveris
higher). For each success scored over the target's roll, the
target experiences these waking dreams for one day.

Type: Chimerical

BOSE Suncope

Defined as the suspension of "heart" or vitality, this
cantrip allows a Denizen to enter a dream and interact
with the dreamer. The caster can create phantom chic
meraand define the overall nature of the dream (though

imerical


notthe dreamer's reactions to it). The true danger of this
cantrip rests in its ability to allow the caster to steal
Stamina or Glamour from her victim. This is the well-
known "hag-riding" or "succubus dream" featured so
prominently in legends.

System: The caster spendsa point of Glamourand rolls
her current Glamour (difficulty equals the target's current
Willpower or Banality, whichever is higher). For each
success the castercan inhabit the target's dreams for one full
sleep cycle. To steal health or Glamour the caster must
spend an additional point of Glamourandmakeacontested
Intelligence + Realm roll against the target's current Will-
power o Banality (whichever is higher). The caster may
steal a point of Glamour or Stamina for each success and
may repeat this once every sleep cycle. The victim's At-
tributes may never drop below one in these dreams. Once
asleep cycle those with fne sight may make a Perception +
Kenning roll (Difficulty 8) to notice that someone is
"tampering" with their (or someone they are observing's)
dreams. Once this has been determined, the dreamer can
make an opposed Willpower roll toforce the intruder out of
his mind. To help someone else, the fae must awaken the
dreamer, breaking the sleep cycle.

Type: Wyrd

QOSSO Cxpiacion

So named because of its ability to bum away the
physical "dross" in its victims, this cantrip can literally turn
‘Autumn inhabitants or material into dreams. The cantrip's
victim actually becomes a living, sentient chimera and is
left tocope with his new reality as best he can. Newly formed
chimeradon't automatically gain Redes, though supernat
ral powers translate into chimerical equivalents. Thus, the
carsalesman who cheated a Denizen is relatively defenseless
(and terrified) in his new dream state, but a werewolf may
still depend on chimerical equivalents of his Gifts. In the
case of long term Expiation, the victim floats farther and
farther from the waking world. Depending on how many
people knew him, memories of the person fade at different
rates (its easier to make a transient drifter disappear than a
well-known celebrity). Even physical manifestations of the
person's life (photographs, birth certificate, etc.) fade in
time, though they may spark someone's memory while they
remain. Similarly, used with other Realms, it is far easier to
make aset of keys disappear than a famous cathedral (notto
mention the Banality backlash inherent to the latter ex-
ample). The rumor that something along these lines may
have happened to the missing King David has sent some of
his subjects into a panic.

‘System: The caster spends a point of Glamour and rolls
Intelligence + Realm against the Willpower or Banality of the
target (whichever is higher). The numberof succeses scored
over the target' roll determines the cantrip's duration. Those
who have undergone the Changeling Way Ritual add +2
Willpower for the purpose of resisting this cantrip. Expiation
doesnot workon Denizens, chimera, Thallainorothercreatures
who are already fully spirit, though it can force a Denizen from,
aposessed body or undo the Manifestation cantrip. A Denizen
ppasessing a mundane body may suddenly find himselfstanding
next to a very confused human chimera, while a Manifested
Denizen or changeling may suddenly find herself in Phantom
Form. Even those permanently Expiated may eventually regain
their physical form, though this may become the object of a
major quest. Once the last person has forgotten the victim,
however (nomatterhowmanysucceseswere originallyscored),
no power except forthe orginal casters permission may bring
them hack — though they might liveforever in the Dreaming,

‘One Success — One day. Those who have met the
person only once or twice forget him.

Two Successes — One week. Distant associations
forget him.

‘Three Successes —One month. Daily acquaintan-
ces forget him.

Four Successes — One year. Friends forget him.
Minor physical attributes (photographs, personal effects,
etc.) disappear or are misplaced.

Five Successes — Permanent. Loved ones and foes
forget him. All remaining reminders of the person (bank
records, personal letters, works of art, etc.) disappear, are
misplaced or are attributed to others over the next few
years.

‘Type: Wyrd

A Nore on the Fac Realm

Changelings and Dark-kin may be cousins,
but their differences have a direct effect on how
they use cantrips on each other. Changelings
wishing to affect Denizens must have the third
level of the Fae Realm to do so, just as if they
were chimera. The same holds true for Denizens
trying toaffect changelings. Affecting common-
ersornoblesor their oun kind only calls or each
to have the usual levels.

<<



hae)
i CAPER
Sy yea

Wee
PEC

Scoruycelling

and Dark-kin in an
on mood and t

tains updated ini
their relationship

Among the many possible themes a Storyteller may
choose todevelop in a Dark-kin game, the three detailed
on within the overall story.

c of power in their
hands. Few Denizens can see this as yet and are left tod they have a perspective unlike any other. They
fumble in the twilight that encompasses the Autumn might not be familiar with the surface waters of modern
World. They are part of the darkness, but may ultimately society, but they have drunk deeply from the subcon

Chaprer Five


scious tributaries that feed it and have a taste for its
seamier secrets. Still, as with everyone else, Denizens see
only isolated parts of this tapestry.

Horror: Denizens visiting the waking world must
come to grips with the fact that they are, on some level,
no more than figments of people's imaginations. This is.
enough todrive some mad, paralyzing them into inaction
or driving them to great atrocities to prove their exist-
ence. Creatures of the shadows, the Denizens represent a
new horror in the World of Darkness, but there are even,
bigger fish in the pond. Their old dark masters, the
fomorians, do not care about Denizen history since the
Tessarakonta and seek to reclaim the souls of their old
followers, willing or no. The dark dreams of the prodigals
are also beyond many Denizens' experiences. Worse, the
unknown horror called Banality dissolves the Denizens'
bodies and souls.

Paranoia: In a world where everything isstrange and
new, everything is suspect. The source of this paranoia
should be subtle. Something that is only one degree out
ofkilter can be alot more disturbing than something that,
is obviously wrong (and can, hence, be addressed). If the
Storyteller does her job right the players should be
turning in ever diminishing circles trying to watch their
backs.

Chronicle Ideas

Below are several conflicts in which the players may
find themselves embroiled.

Denizens versus Changelings

Facing their enemies of old, the returning Denizens
must contend with the fact that the changelings have far
more knowledge than they of the Autumn Worldand are
not exactly weaklings in the Dreaming. The Kithain
have a monopoly on the Dreamers, trods and freeholds
surrounding the Near Dreaming, and are more resistant
toBanality than the Dark-kin. Most changelingshaveno.
love for the Denizens who once so gladly slaughtered the
fae at the behest of their fomorian overlords. Even those
of the Unseelie Court are suspicious ofthe recent retum-
ees. Although they seem more open to negotiations,
many early arrivals among the adhene have found the
Shadow Court far more interested in manipulating than
helping them. Since they were not made part of the
Escheat, few changelings think twice about killing a
Denizen. On the otherhand, before they were foes during
the War of Trees, changelings were no more strangers to
the adhene than one Denizen tribe is to another. Some

Sr
LE

L2

Lf

Kl

Denizens of che Dreaming

SG OR OO

Denizens may realize that the Tessarakonta was really a
warbetween twoancient and unknowable forces, neither
of which had much interest in the welfare of the smaller
spirits who served as their pawns. Some changelings and
Dark-kin alike may decide that they have a much greater
interest in pursuing their own destinies than serving
these ancients. Fae of such a mind may find they have
much in common.

Denizens versus Denizens

Just because the Denizens were on the same side
during the War of Trees doesn't mean that they don't
have contradictory agendas. Some Denizens are servitors
of the fomorians, officially or in spirit; others have
thought better of these old associations. The animosity
between these two groups is heated and growing worse.
Even barring this, there is no lack of animosity between
different Denizen races or even within the same adhene
These struggles may reflect disputes about land, Dream-
ers, ancient racial hatreds of political aspirations. Da
kin political skullduggery includes the designs of each
adhene's leaders whose agendas partially include not
letting their field agents (or their enemies in other
adhene) know too much. From day one the Storyteller
should hint that their superiors might be keeping dark
secrets from them. The players should be made to realize
that they are working for huge, ancient and almost
impenetrable secret societies. Ultimately any Denizen
who endangers her people's interests (or her ruler's defi-
nition of it) is "regrettably" expendable,

Denizens versus Thallain

If the Dark-kin were the sergeants or captains in the
fomorian ranks during the Tessarakonta, the Thallain
were often foot soldiers. Even the lowliest Denizens
generally view the Thallain as more than a trifle inferior
Thallain often resent the heavy-handed adhene and are
not above ambushing their "betters" when they think
they can get away with it. Many Thallain have already
flocked to the fomorian banner (even though it has not
even been officially raised yet) and are less than friendly
toward those who don't follow suit.

Denizens versus Humanicy

A theme often overlooked in games where the pro
tagonists are superhuman — the perils, pitfalls and litle
triumphs of dealing with everyday humanity may playa
major role in a Denizens chronicle. Dark-kin may see
humans as contradictory and unpredictable, as Glamour
"food-tubes" of as wondrous creatures that have accom


plished, and lost, much. They will very quickly learn how
dangerous some of them can be. Denizens, for all their
spirit and dark ferocity, are also fragile in many ways. To
them, even mortals with a relatively low Banality are
potential Autumn People. Even when not the focus of a
story, everyday humanity and its dreams form the back-
drop before which the Denizens act out their passion
plays. On the other side of this coin, some Dark-kin have
brought enchanted humans into the Dreaming against
their will and created a brisk trade, using them as com-
panions, slaves or sacrifices. Beyond this, there are those
humans whohave hamessed truly awesome powers, most
poorly understood by the Dark-kin. Among these are the
potent mages known among Denizens as the Lords of
‘Order, some of whom were, ironically, partially respon
sible for opening the gates for the Denizen's retum —and
who may decide to try and put the genie back in the
bottle. Ifthis weren't enough, many adhene resent their
dependence on humans to give them form in the waking
world.

Denizens versus Fomorians

During the Tessarakonta most of the adhene served
the fomorians so, now that they are returning, the Deni-
zens should be in the pink, right? Not necessarily. The
problem with serving voracious, alien and nigh-omnipo-
tent monstrosities from the "under-psyche" is that they
see you, at best, as little more than a favored pet and as
eminently expendable. Denizens may decide that there
are things they like about the human world (musi
books, architecture, people) and that Endless Winter is
just going to muck things up. Just because great-great
grandpa fir-bholg served the fomorians doesn't mean,
that the modern day player character carries that obliga-
tion (though, of course, the fomorians may feel differ-
ently). Independent Dark-kin fear that ancient pacts
may force them to serve against their will and dread the
awakening of the old ones almost as much as do the
Kithain. Then again, a number of Dark-kin have been
quick to volunteer their services as agents of chaos in the
Dreaming and the Autumn World.

The White Court has been awake for only a short
time and the Red Court even less. They are just opening
their eyes, getting their bearings and stretching forth
their hands. There are strange movements here and
there — portents and warnings. Other dark servants of
the Fomorian Dream are also abroad. Creatures once
thought destroyed or banished from the sane realms,
some of these alien monstrosities have no more in com
mon with the adhene than they do with the Kithain or

humanity. Even the wisest Denizen oracles know little of
these foul Overlords — the generals of the Fomorian
Dream. Nevertheless, the Dark-kin have insights into
the fomorians not shared by the changelings. Ancient
temples deep in the Tenebrous Realms hold bloody
secrets from the Fimbulwinter Country and dark priest-
hoods who have waited millennia for their masters'
return.

Denizens versus Vampires

While the destruction of Ravana and most of his
vampire clan was keenly felt in the Dreaming and still
reverberates among the Denizens, most know almost
nothing of vampires. Those who choose to involve
themselves with the Kindred are best warned that these
creatures are practitioners of the most Byzantine and
treacherous multi-generation plots in the world, Deni-
zens who get involved in the Kindred!' schemes soon
find themselves looking over their shoulders and never
knowing whom to trust.

Denizens versus ercwolves

Dark-kin are more aware of the Garou than one
might expect. Traveling the Green Paths of Balor has led
some Denizens to the Middle Umbra. Most werewolves
who know of Denizens see them as spirits (or, more often,
Banes) like any other. Most knowledgeable of the adhene
are the fuaths who are ardent defenders of "Mother
Gaia." Of all the Garou tribes, the Fianna remain the
most knowledgeable about the Denizens, though even
they know little. Recent alliances between some within
the werewolf nobility and the sidhe make it less likely
that contacts between the adhene and the Garou Nation
will be amicable any time in the near future.

Denizens versus CDages

Those magicians whom the changelings refer to as
Hidden Ones and the Denisens call "Lords of Order,"
champion the forces of Banality and, hence, require that
the secrets of the supernatural never be exposed to light.
The Lords of Order portray themselves as part of a
benign, ordered entity holding the forces of chaos at bay.
To them, most Denizens are chaotic, hostile and alien
marauders from beyond the boundaries of reality. In
general, Denizens investigating any group of mages find
themselves in unknown territory

Denizens versus Wraichs

Wraiths do not physically share the world of the fae
and are, thus, even less knowable than the previously

Chapzer Five: By the Silver Banned


D>

mentioned groups. Of all the adhene, only the keremet
who wander the trackless wastes of the Black Paths of
Balor have any contact with the Shadowlands, and even.
that has been rendered extremely difficult by the recent
Maelstrom.

Augmen

As described in Dreams and Nightmares, the
Augmenis the tendency for changelings to increase their
Birthrights or Frailtiesas they travel more deeply into the
Dreaming. The Denizens ose powerasthey approach the
hostile Autumn Realms. As with changelings, this means
that in the Far or Deep Dreaming, even an average
Denizen becomes quite powerful, though this must be
measured against the strength of their likely adversaries.
In the far reaches of the Dreaming, there are vast and
timeless leviathans that make even the most potent
Denizens appear as insignificant as insects.

Near Dreaming
* Acheri
Plague Nervosa: The acheri no longer has to spend

a point of Glamour to extend her shadow.

Enticement: Whenever using his guile to lead some-
one off the track of virtue, an acheri adds +2 dice to his
Charisma and Manipulation dice pools (no additional
bonus in the Dioniae Aria), even if this gives the Denizen
a temporary Attribute of over five

Rebound: The acheri character must take two sub-
jects of addiction.

The Scarlet Ban: The S
or decrease with the Augmen.

* Aonides

Grace of Calliope: All aonides add an extra point to
cither their Manipulation or Charisma, even if it brings
them above the maximum of five.

Adonis's Ravaging: The victim not only loses Glam.
‘our, but his thoughts are so fixated on the aonide that
some of the Glamour he collects the next day goes to the
muse, as long as the victim is in sight (the muse rolls a
contested Manipulation + Subterfuge roll versus the
victim's Willpower).

Arachne's Folly: The muse becomes far more jeal-
cous and sure of her own prowess. This Frailty not only
applies to the aonide's area of expertise, but any related
areas of artistic endeavor. Additionally, all Empathy rolls,
areat +I difficulty because the muse is too arrogant tose
beyond her own interests.

let Ban does not increase

82

Denizens of the Dreaming

* Fir-bholg

Breath of the Firchlis: The fir-bholg's difficulty in
affecting the Firchlis goes down by one point (difficulty
7). The Birthright's effects last until the fir-bholg leaves
the area or for one hour per success. The effect's strength,
and duration are not cumulative with additional cast-
ings.
Eochaid's Hunger: After the first week without his
special food the fir-bholg must make a daily Willpower
roll (difficulty 8) to resist eating the first source he secs.

+ Fuaths

Beast Tongue: The fuath can communicate with
both plants and animals. Of course, the limitations ofthis,
communication are dictated by the creature being ad-
dressed. This ability also gives the fuath +1 die to all
Charisma and Manipulation rolls involving the elemen-
tal inanimae.

Animal Nature: The fuath's movement increases to
25 yards + four times their Dexterity per turn in their
chosen environment. Fuath may all add +2 to their
Stamina, even if it brings it over the human maximum of
five. Finally, the fuath's natural weaponry becomes more
potent with an additional +1 aggravated damage. One
point of Glamour allows the fuath to extend or retract
these attributes as needed for an entire Scene.

Maenad's Madness: The fuath's madness becomes
more pronounced. The difficulty of telling friend from
foe increases in this state (Perception + Empathy diffi
culty 9). Fuaths will still never attack another of their
own kind in their madness. To resist this frenzy the fuath
may make a Willpower roll every turn after the first
(difficulty 8). When the fuath has accumulated as many
successes as she has permanent Glamour, she may break-
off the attack

* Keremet

The Shadowed Way: The Shadowed Way does not
increase with distance into the Dreaming.

Will to Power: As long as the keremet has at least
two points of Willpower she has the equivalent of the
Merit: Iron Will and can resist the harshest physical
tortures. She is immune to all but the rarest chimerical
diseases.

The Pact of Dagda: The Pact of Dagda does not
change, no matter how deeply the keremet wanders into
the Dreaming.

Melancholia: The keremer's emotions become even
more dead and he suffers a +2 difficulty toall Social rolls

CT,

and is at +3 difficulty to all Empathy or other rolls to
determine what other people are thinking.

* Moira

Aural Perception: Theplayermay roll her character's
current Glamour (difficulty 6) and may divine one "snap-
shot" image pertaining to the person's future actions per
success. The moira receives an automatic success on any
Soothsay cantrip.

Fata: This Birthright does not change with the
Augmen.

Superstition: For obvious reasons, Superstition in-
creases as one travels more deeply into the Dreaming.
Moiraecan only occasionally absolve themselves of Night-
mares or lessen the severity by reversing what they have
done or making some form of atonement (subject to
Storyteller discretion). Any violation of a Geas, Ban or
other oath by a moire incurs two extra dice of intensity
to the usual penalty.

* Naraka

‘Wrath of Kali Ma: Naraka's searing flame from their
mouths now causes aggravated damage. The player rolls
a number of dice equal to the character's permanent
Glamour (difficulty 7) and inflicts one level of damage
per success. This attack can be dodged as normal. This
birthright costs one point of Glamour.

Arms of Ravana: The player rolls versus the naraka's
current Glamour (difficulty 6). Each success adds one
extra die to Melee or Brawl rolls, or may add an extra
attack for every two arms (rounded up). The number of
arms manifested by the use of this Birthright is also equal
to the number of successes rolled. This Birthright costs
‘one Glamour and lasts for one hour per success, or until
the naraka decides to revert to her original form.

Curse of Shiva: The naraka's' weakness for music
increases substantially. When in the presence of music a
naraka must drop what she is doing and dance, unless she
makes a number of successes equal to her Willpower
(difficulty varies with the quality of the music). Successes
indicate how many turns the character can go without
succumbing to the effects of this Frailty. Naraka can still
spend Willpower to ignore this Frailty (for the duration
of exposure to the source of the music).

Far Dreaming

* Acheri

Plague Nervosa: In the Far Dreaming all the usual
cures are at -1 to their efficacy.

Enticement: Whenever using his guile to lead some-
one off the track of virtue, an acheri adds +2 dice to his

Charisma and Manipulation dice pools (+3 inthe Dioniae
Arid), even if this gives the Denizen a temporary At-
tribute of over five.

Rebound: The acheri character must take three
subjects of addiction. All rolls to resist these vices go up
by +1 difficulty.

* Aonides

Grace of Calliope: All aonides add another point to
either their Manipulation or Charisma, even if t brings
them above the maximum of five.

Adonis's Ravaging: The victim no longer resists.
The player rolls the aonide's Manipulation + Subterfuge
(difficulty equals the target's permanent Willpower) and
takes a point of temporary Glamour for every success.
This also applies to any Glamour drained the next day.

Arachne's Folly: The muse becomes foolish in her
presumption, gaining the Flaw: Overconfident in all
areas of artistic endeavor. Additionally, all Empathy rolls,
are at +2 difficulty because the muse is too arrogant to see
beyond her own interests.

* Fir-bholg

Breath of the Firchlis: The fir-bholg strongly affects
her surroundings. Difficulty in affecting the Firchlis goes
down by one point (difficulty 6) and may even gnaw
away stable regions such as homesteads. The Birthright's
effects last until the fir-bholg leaves the area or for one
day per success. The effect'sstrength and duration are not
cumulative with additional castings.

Eochaid's Hunger: After three days without his
special food, the fir-bholg must make a daily Willpower
roll (difficulty 9) to resist eating the first source he sees,
no matter the consequence. When his Stamina reaches
cone, he begins to lose two levels of health per day.

* Fuaths

Beast Tongue: In the Far Dreaming the fuath can
‘communicate with plants, animals and even minerals. Of
course, the limitations of this communication are dic-
tated by the creature being addressed. This ability also
gives the fuath +2 dice to all Charisma or Manipulation
rolls involving the elemental inanimae.

‘Animal Nature: The fuath's movement increases to
25 yards + five times their Dexterity per tum in their
chosen environment. Fuath may all add +3 to their
Stamina, even if it brings it over the human maximum of
five. The fuath's natural weaponry becomes truly deadly,
increasing aggravated damage by +2. The fuath no longer
has to expend Glamour to use these attacks in the Far
Dreaming.

Chapcex Five: By the Silver Banned


A

Maenad's Madness: The fuath's madness becomes _ musician's Manipulation + Performance roll. Ifthe mu-
even more frenzied and animalistic. The difficulty of sician scores even one success over the naraka, the
telling friend from foe increases (Perception + Empathy, naraka must dance until the music stops. All of the
difficulty 10). A fuath will still not attack another ofher — naraka's rolls are at +3 difficulty while so entranced and
‘own kind in her madness. To resist this frenzy the fuath the naraka may no longer spend Willpower to ignore
may make a Willpower roll only every other turnafterthe these effects.

first (dificuly 8).
a kdesmel Deep Dreaming
Wik ts Power Aaloogesticleremethasackeat) otc
one point of Willpower, she hes the equivalent of the _, Plague Nervoss: The scheri may create multiple
Merit: Iron. Will and:can resist all physical sorcures. shadows by rolling her current Glamour (difficulty 6, one
Finally, for the purpose of resisting wound penalties, the Shadow per success). :
keremer's temporary Willpower subtracts halfofits value __Enticement: The acheri ads +3 dice to his Cha-
(rounded up) against health penalties from any injuries Tisma and Manipulation dice pools (+4 in the Dioniae
Arid) when luring someone from the path of virtue.

against her overall health level.
Melancholia: The keremet's emotions become al- Rebound: The acheri character must take four sub-
jects of addiction. Al rolls to resist these vices are made

most completely dead and he suffers a +3 difficulty toll
Social rolls and is at +4 difficulty to all Empathy or other *2 difficulty.
* Aonides

rolls to determine what other people are feeling,
Grace of Calliope: All aonides add yet another point

* Moiese
‘AuralPerception: Theplayermayrollhercharacter's their Manipulation or Charisma, even fit brings them
above the maximum of five.

permanent Glamour (difficulty 6) and divine one "snap-
shot" image pertaining to the person's future actions per Adonis's Ravaging: Beyond the effects in the Far
success. The moira receives two automatic successes on Dreaming,once seduced the target suffers +1 difficulty in

all future attempts to resist the muse's advances (even if

any Soothsay cantrip.
Superstition: Moire can only occasionally absolve they return to lesser Dream Realms).
‘Arachne's Folly: The muse becomes totally over-

themselves of Nightmares or lessen the severity by mak-
bearing and lost in her own virtues, gaining the Flaw:

ing some form of atonement (subject to Storyteller dis-
cretion). Any violation of a Geas, Ban or other oath by | Overconfident. Additionally, all Empathy rolls are at +3

amoirae incurs three extra dice of intensity to the usual difficulty because the muse is too arrogant to see beyond
penalty. her own interests.

* Naraka * Fir-bholy

‘Wrath of Kali Ma: The naraka's flame attack caus- Breath of the Firchlis: The fir-bholg becomes a true
ingeaggravated damagenolongercostsanyGlamour.The nexus of chaotic Dream energies. Difficulty in affecting
player rolls a number of dice equal to the character's the Firchlis goes down by one point (difficulty 5). The
permanent Glamour (difficulty 6) and does one level of _effect's strength and duration are not cumulative with
damage per success. additional castings.

Arms of Ravana: The player rolls the naraka's Eochaid's Hunger: After two days without his spe-
permanent Glamour (difficulty 6). Each successaddsone cial food, the fir-bholg must make a daily Willpower roll
extra die to Melee or Brawl rolls or may add an extra (difficulty 10) to resist eating the first source he sees.
attack for every two arms (rounded up). The number of © Fuaths
arms manifested by the use of this Birthright isalsoequal ‘Beast Tongue: In the Deep Dreaming the fuath can
to the number of successes rolled. This Birthright costs communicate with any sort of naturae, no matter how
one Glamour and lasts for one day persuccessoruntilthe _ alien. Thisability also gives the fuath +3 dice toall Social
naraka decides to revert to her original form. interactions with the elemental inanimae.

Curse of Shiva: Here the curse is quite difficult to Animal Nature: The fuath's movement increases to
ignore, even in life threatening situations. The naraka 50 yards + five times their Dexterity per turn in their
must make a contested Willpower roll versus the chosen environment. Fuath may all add +4 to their

RN REM REAR

7


xy

‘Stamina, even if it brings it over the human maximum of
five. The fuath's natural weaponry adds +3 aggravated
damage to all attacks

Maenad's Madness: Th
even more frenzied and
telling friend from foe requir

fh's madness becomes
ic. The difficulty of
successful Perception +
Empathy roll (difficulty 10). In the Deep Dre
fuath may even attack another of its own kind
tion + Empathy
fuath may ma

culty 8). To resist this frenzy
a Willpower roll every other turn after

the first (difficulty 9).
© Keremet

the equiv
the harshest phy
nd cannot drop below

urpose of resisting
nent Willpower

jemet'semotions are:
+5 difficulty to all Socia
ils any E thy rolls to dete
other people are thinking.

* Moire

Aural Perception: The player may roll hercharacter's
permanent Glamour (difficulty 5) and may divine two
"snap-shot" images perts
actions per success. The moire receives three automatic
successes on any Soothsay cantrip.

ing to the person's future

ition: Moire can only lessen the severity of
thei ssby leaving the area. Ary
Geas, Ban or other oath by a moire incurs four extra dice
of intensity to the usual penalty

© Naraka
Wrath of Kali

from their mouths cs
rolls a number of dis

tm:

araka issue forth ase:

-qual to the charac

's permanent
Glamour (difficulty 5) and does one level of damage per
success.

‘Arms of Ravana: The player rolls the naraka's
permanent Glamour (difficulty 4). The number of arms
manifested by the use of this Birthright is equal to the
number of successes rolled. Each success also adds one
extra die to Melee or Brawl rolls or may add an extra
attack for every arm. This Birthright costs one Glamour
and lasts until the naraka decides to revert to her original
form.

Curse of Shiva: Even in life threatening situations,
the naraka must make a contested Willpower roll versus

Chapcer Five: By the Silver Banned 85


the musician's Manipulation + Performance roll ata +1
difficulty. If the m
the naraka, the naraka must dance until the music stops.
All of the naraka's rolls are at +4 difficulty while so
entranced.

ician scores even one success over

= The Fomorians

King Daedelus Fiona ascended the summit of the Cres-
cent Needle. The tallest mountain in a dozen reabms, its
slender peak threaded the crescent moon that appeared eter-
nally at its apex. Ahead of him Lady Stratos stepped serenely
‘on the snow's surface, her gaze the only warmth in that cold,
bleak land. Black roiling storm clouds spiraled in from every
comer of the Dreaming.

Daedelus breathed heavily, feling his ngs fill with the
icy erystals that swirled in the air. He did not understand. He
had asked Stratos for a way to defeat his enemies, the Elder-
Darks, and so save his kingdom, Seratos told him to pick a
willow wand from his garden and w follow. A dozen compet-
ing winter storms battered the mountain, blanketing the world
ina shroud ofhowling white, obliterating all but Daedelus and
Stratos and the willow-wand. Daedelus held the willow-wand
aloft as the storm raged in his ears. Thunder cracked as if
nearby peaks were smashed to splinters, crashing to ruin atthe
‘mountain's roots.

"Behold," Stratos cried, "I give you the Fomorian Dream.
Ie's thunder, lightning, this nightmare gale."

The slender, fragile willow branch was bent but un-
harmed by the storm. Daedelus bowed his understanding to
Dagda's daughter and followed her back down the mountain

— "The Song of Daedelus," from The Book of the
Crimson Sidhe

The Seelie Court's rulers have assured their subjects
that if the fomorians are indeed returning, defeating
them is simply a matter of having the bravest hearts, the
sharpest bladesand the most potent magic. The fomorians
are dark and ancient creatures, puissant and terrible tobe
sure, but there is always hope. This is but one of the lies
that the fae leadership has told its followers. Perhaps itis
better than telling them the truth. More than simple
monsters or evil chimerical geniuses, the fomorians are
lodged deeply in the murkiest depths of the collective

Denizens of che Dreaming

human psyche. It has comforted some changelings to
think of the fomorians as such an abstraction. If the
fomorians are the shadow of human evil: What of it?
Some chimeracan say the same and they can be defeated.

Not merely reflections, however, the fomorians are the
sum and total of all that is dark and murderous in the
human heart. It is the fomorians who perpetuate, if not
necessarily direct, much that is wrong in the World of
Darkness. They are inimical to human and fae alike and
paving the way for their imminent retum. Defeating
them once and for all is "merely" a matter of cleansing
every human soul of violence, hatred and corruption. It
is fitting that those who once battled the fomorians
likened them to a force of nature, for one could no more
fight them than capture a tempest wind.

In the great war that ended the last age, the Tuatha
dé Danan and the fomorians were opposite sides of the
same coin. One represented humanity's highest aspira-
tions, the other its darkest fears, but both were as far
above the young races of Kithain and Denizens as hu-
mans are above a laboratory rat. Still, for all their high
handedness, the Tuatha dé Danaan were powerful pro-
tectorsof the Earth-bound fae. The Children of Dana are
gone now, and the Fomorian Dream rises again. This
may, in part, explain why some commoner leaders were
so quick to capitulate to sidhe leadership after the Accor-
dance War. The sidhe too may be high-handed and
arrogant, but this only means that they represent the one
spark of the Tuatha dé Danaan that remains in the
Known Dreaming.

In this struggle, most knowledgeable Kithain see the
Denizens as the first darkling servitors returning at the
forefront of the Elder Darks, They see a band of black
storm clouds spread across the horizon, terrible in its
single-minded intensity. They do not see the divisions
that now divide the fomorians' old army. Much time has
passed since the War of Trees and the Dark-kin have
built their own cultures without their old masters' bless-
ing. Indeed, some Denizens hold as much animosity
toward their old generals —for leading them into defeat
and then abandoning them — as many commoners hold
toward the sidhe. Still, the Kithain may have a point.
The fomorians'first move seems to be to gather their old
servants. They once riled over the various adhenes



through fear and powerful pacts, some of which seem to
be active again. Those Denizens who choose not to serve
may soon be culled from the ranks

Each of the Elder-Darks is different; the ancient
legends speak of some that were giants and wholly alien
in appearance, while others took on human ot fae guises,
appearing beautiful beyond comprehension or foul be-
yond belief. Tales of the War of Trees tell of some that
froze the bravest hearts by their mere appearance, caus-
ing madness or death. While some fae believe it possible
that some of these creatures might be related to what the
Garou call the Wyrm, the thought thar the Garou's
enemies the fomori — mere degenerate human muta-
tions born of tainted technology — have much of a
connection with the Elder-Darks seems remote. Legends
record that there are three Fomorian Dreams: The White
Court which was imprisoned in the Forest of Lies, the
Red Court which lies chained beneath Kureksarra and
the Green Court which voluntarily imprisoned itself
below the Sea of Silver. There are also legends of a fourth
group, the Black Court, though (fit ever existed) it did
not manifest itself during the Tessarakonta. Some be-
lieve that the Black Court is an amalgamation of the
other three courts and will only appear at the first true
evening of the Evernight.

The Whice Courc

Cunning, calculating and unimaginably cruel, the
White Court is at once the most human and inhuman of
the fomorian courts. Seemingly incapable of feeling the
"lesser" human emotions, the White Court practices
terrible tortures and spells of alteration on their unfortu-
nate victims, all in the hope of sparking some sort of
feeling in themselves. The White Court represents the
youngest of the Fomorian Dreams, and its members are
subtle in their wintry dance. Even in slumber, their
desolate dreams formed the heart of the Forest of Lies,
corrupting and twisting those who dwell there. Two great
kingdoms, both Seelie and Unseelie, lie at the Forest's
edge near a shadow of Arcadia, and observe the original
tradition of leadership by which the Seelie rule during
the Spring and Summer and the Unseelie rule the rest of
the year. Since the White Court's awakening, however,
the Winter months become increasingly longer. The
Unseelie ruler, Queen Marianna Ailil, may ormay notbe
under the White Court's way. Fiercely independent, her
soldiers have been involved with clashes against those of

the fuath glaistig, Queen Lir of the Winterweir. A major
point of contention seems to be over a Green Path of
Balor that leads into the Middle Umbra and beyond.
Meanwhile, the White Court itself has been active
Some theorize that the first of them awoke during the
Resurgence 30 years ago. Since then theirphantom hand
has reached far indeed, influencing events throughout
the Forest, the Blotkeldur swamps, Kureksarra (where
they await the awakening of their crimson brethren) and
in the Autumn World. Perhaps the most gruesome of the
White Court's servitors are a spider-like race known as
the Aslynthi (see Appendix II). When they appear in
faerie guise, those of the White Court are pale, gaunt and
beautiful beyond description, reminding some of the
sidhe.

The Red Courc

Unlike the elusive White Court, there is reputedly
little subtlety about the Red Court. Masters of war, lords
of fire, poison and chaos, they have little need for
deception except for the occasional tactical deceit to
keep the war flags flying. Thunderous, blood-sodden
intelligences that underlie the human psyche, the red
fomorians have killed as many people in theirsleepas the
combined armies of the world. The War-Dream, which
has long slept beneath Kureksarra's killing fields, now
spreads beyond the Red Plain's dusty borders. Through-
‘out the surrounding Dreaming, competing nobles, bar-
barian warlords and would-be world conquerors position
themselves for the greater war that surely is to come.
Some seek out alliances to defend their borders while
others attack their neighbors to curry favor with the Red
Court. Among these petitioners are various Denizen
tribes, as well as giants, the great wyrms of land and air,
and even stranger creatures. And yet no pronouncement
has been issued; no single member of the Red Court has
actually been seen. Indeed, itis widely believed by those
who study such things, that it is not the entire court but
just one of its members (a creature known as Phlogiston
the Jester) that has awakened. Even if true, however, one
is more than enough. The Five Great War Beasts con-
tinue their eternal battles over the nine key fragments t0
the Triumph Casque of Sorrows, but even this has
changed. The oldest of the Beasts, Lord Harroth the
Mute of House Balor, has abruptly retired from the field,
placing his forces in a defensive posture. While some
believe this is because he was losing the war, others


See

SS
ZLTVRALRAMR

QZ

of man. Shrouded in the mists of prophecy and legend,

e the Green Court still in its timeless self-imposed

It is believed that the Red

particular territorial or political ends, but simply forthe

love of unbridled destruction.

The Green Coure
ite Court is subtle and elusive, the
mply unfathomable. As far be
ove the younger races, the
ther time, wholly
oracles. There are

cabal decided this acti aps imply decided it

'S was not yet their time. Many believe that the subsequent

departure of the Tuatha dé Da

hip the GreenCourt hatte!

claim that it was the green fomorians whose dreams
fashioned the entirety of the Dreaming before the birth


Ly H
NIGH IARHy, i

bcc decal Ct
enn) 1
sTELEHES | Uh

ward the Dark-kin. It further details the Triumph Casque
Sorrows. This chapter is suggested for use by Storytell-
ers only.

variously de

from the distant mountains or a sidhe knight
fi She is neither. A fi

those who make
Several such groups have


ze

King Ezag of the fir-bholg is an ancient and inhu-
manly intelligent sorcerer. Powerful in the extreme, he
rules over a vast and subtle kingdom carved into moun-
tains throughout the Middlemarch. He claims to be the
son of Eochaid himself (one of the first fir bholg rulers);
iftrue this would make him old indeed. Ezag is known to
have been alive during the Tessarakonta and was one of
the few of his race to reject both the fomorians and the
Tuatha dé Danaan, earning the respect and enmity of
both. Believing that the fir-bholg have a destiny which
transcends both of those races, he has killed agents from
both camps who have

recently visited his

mountain abode.

Towering over even

most ogres, the king

hasagreathoary white

beard and wears a belt

hung heavy with troll

skulls which he

"plucked" with his

sgreat scimitar Darklick

(a treasure supposedly

equaling Caliburn in

power, reputedly able

tocutthroughanysub-

stance). He remem-

bers the Tessarakonta

with personal animos-

ity and dispatched his

agents to the Autumn

World when he fore-

saw the opening of the

Twilight Paths. His

agents are among the

most prescient and

clever abroad in the

worldandhavenolove

for changelings. Nev-

ertheless he has not

made any overt at-

tempt to export war to

any changeling lands

and has apparently has contacts within the Shadow
Court.

Dr. ly Belsen
Tewas "life unworthy of life." But for an acheri it was
a virtual utopia. The opportunities for medical research,

were literally endless: Bodies could be injected with
contaminated vaccines, submerged in boiling or freezing
water, or put in chambers for high and low altitude
tolerance. Skulls bursting, mutilating or killing in any
number of ways without the tedium of anesthesia, proper
surgical technique or hygiene, such a feast of corruption!
Unfortunately the end of the war puta stop to all that. A
quick change of bodies left behind any fear of retribution.
Now, under a new name, in borrowed flesh, Dr. Ivy
Belsen is the director of a major pharmaceuticals com-
pany. Lionized as a philanthropist by the press and
substituting advanced gene splicing technologies and
dream-grafting for
Zyklon B and typhus
injections, Ivy Belsen
harvests terror-laden
Glamour from the dy-
ing, creating chimeri-
cal abominations
never before seen in
the Near Dreaming,
Although she is some-
what adept in hiding
her true identity be-
hind borrowed bodies
of both sexes, the
population of chimeri-
cal flies always in-
creases when she en
ters an area

Queen Lir

Widely known as
the Frost Queen, there
are few in the
Winterweir who do
not fear this powerful
fuath monarch. The
offspring of fuath sor-
ceress and a powerful
fomorian lord, Lir
spent her formative
years in a hidden
temple dedicated to
the White Court.

When she emerged she swiftly took power within her
own tribe, killing its high priestess, then exporting war
and terror throughout the Forest. Ruthless and ambi-
tious, Lirnow rules much of the Winterweir with a cruel
but artful hand. The tribes of the surrounding woodland

Chaprer Five: By the Silver Banned £2]


ug

are almost evenly split between the Frost Queen's forces,
and those who oppose her. Lir appears as either a typical,
fuath with goat-legs in her Dioniae Arig or as a beautiful
and commanding woman with white hair in her human
form. The Frost Queen has many strange abilities and is
rumored to be able to freeze her victims solid with a
glance. Her enemies decorate her wintry garden as frozen
statues, each with their hearts or eyes missing, but still
alive and aware. Although she has suffered the occa-
sional setback, her power seems to grow with each
passingwinter. Now,
with the awakening
of the second
fomorian court and
the continuing dis-
solution of the troll-
fuath alliance that
‘opposes her, twould
seem that the
little stopping her.

Lord Udri

ye 3
Mahéraurava's near
total destruction in
1999, most of the
naraka have chosen
to abandon their
homeland in search
of more hospitable
climes. This exodus
was not total, how-
cever. Lord Udri was
a learned astrono-
mer, as well asa wise
ruler, and contem-
plated the works of
Heaven from his
great jeweled obser-
vatory. When the
spiritual shock waves
ripped through the Dreaming from the Samvarta or
Doomsday Cloud, Udri was looking straight into the
heart of the explosion. White heat and forces unmen-
tionable tore around him, laying waste to the region and.
killing everyone in his kingdom — except for him. Udri
now lives in the jeweled slag remnants of his palatial
observatory and has taken on the trappingsof aholy man.
Those naraka who remain in MahSraurava view him
with religious adoration and follow his commandments

~

=
tA

SHS

£2

er

Denizens of che Dreaming

1S R

in the hopes of currying celestial favor. Indeed, to many
Udri has become synonymous with the Samvarta (even
approaching godhood in many of their minds) and not
without reason. Udri appears as a black, male outline
surrounded by the nuclear fires that facilitated his re-
birth. His followers sacrifice the trespassers who come
through the lands to the Samvarta. Unfortunately such
visitors are few and far between, and some of the more
zealous converts travel to other Dream Realms and even.
the Waking to procure sacrifices for their god. Mean-
while, Udri himself is
seldom seen but
spendsmostofhis time
in his observatory
pondering the Lem-
niscate and the wheels
of creation.

"Tewquille, che
Shadow Knighe
On the border-
lands between the
Shadowlands of the
dead the
mindscape of the
Dreaming, Tewquille
walks the Black Paths
of Balor. Ofhis mortal
life little is known,
though most believe
he was one of the holy
knights under Sir
Roland, a servitor of
King Charlemagne in
the lare 8th Century.
Breaking his oath to
God and king for the
loveofafaerie woman,
he was killed and
cursed to wander for
ever as a shade in the
twilight lands. The keremet's first appearance as the
Shadow Knight was not until several centuries later
when he appeared as the leader of L'Armée Furieuse. OF
his life since that time what little is known remains pure
conjecture. Bartering in human soulsand pieces of dream,
the Shadow Knight has reportedly gained mysterious
powers of transformation, allowing him to take any form
and to similarly affect his foes. Some stories describe
powers with which he transformed fae into animalsuntil

and


they capitulated tohis demands. Further tales say thathe
can call dark storms from the realms of the dead, creating
‘extrusions of the Tempest in the Dreaming. Supposedly
one of the Soul Bearers — those keremet who ferry sidhe
and human souls between Arcadia and the Waking —
the Shadow Knight remains an elusive and compelling
figure.

Harroch the Due (House Balor)

Possibly the oldest of the Five Great Beasts who
battle for the key tothe Triumph Casque, Harroth is most
notable for being the only one of the Five to have served
the fomorians during the Tessarakonta. With the ru-
mored awakening of the Kureksarra fomorians, many
believe that he has again taken up his old position among
the Red Court. If true, he has not used this newfound
power to crush his Red Plains opponents in the field, but
has instead moved his troops into a defensive posture
while the other Beasts continue to fight. Reliable rumors
have placed Harroth in the Autumn World, a possibility
most troubling to both the Seelie Court and the leade:
ship of House Balor. Other faerie luminaries also fear
that, because of his renewed relationship with the Red
Court, Lord Harroth may be immune to the Mists,
retaining his full memories and Dreaming aspect. If so,
his rumored return tothe Waking may soon vastly tilt the
balance of power toward the Shadow Court.

The Aslynchi

Frightened rumors scuttle and whisper from tree to
tree about something wholly unnatural abroad in the
Forest and beyond. A shade long banished from the
realms of the sane again casts its chill touch across the
land. Inhumanly intelligent and subtle, the spidery
Aslynthi are nothing like the mindless arachnids slain by
Duke Asterlan in the Forest of Lies. Now known to dwell
inthe heart of the Forest, and in the adjoining Winterweir
and the Blotkeldur, they do the bidding of the White
Court. During the Miririm the Aslynthi departed the
Known Realms and many believe they returned to their
home in the Otherwhere to scheme their eventual re-
tum. Little is known about the Aslynthi, even by their
former Denizen allies. They are lovers of beauty and
possess their own culture, music and art, most of which is
predicated on others' suffering. Sharing their masters'
penchant for cruelty and torture, the spiders cast a
darkling fear into the hearts of even the staunchest
warriors.

It is believed that, despite a plethora of ranks and ww
ea

titles (most unpronounceable by the human tongue),
they are roughly divided into two castes — a warrior
species and a holy caste that worships the Fomorian
Dream. The warriors are large, black and covered with
spiny black hair. Their monstrous chelicerae can bite
through even enchanted armor and they have barbed,
shiny black hooks at the end of each leg; their strength.
and speed is almost beyond comprehension. Perhaps
even more terrifying, they do not have to move on the
ground but negotiate the low nighttime sky trods on
invisible webs, which span the Dreaming ether. Attack-
ing in groups of a dozen or more, itis said that during the
War of Trees their numbers could blacken an entire sky.
The holy caste Aslynthi are far more delicate in
appearance and radiate a crystalline beauty. Slender and
lithe, they consist of a clear, glistening material that
reveals their translucent intemal organs and neon blood.
Their front legs have several finger-like appendages with
which they manipulate their arcane artifacts. Theitfaces
can take on the mockery of afae visage, allowing them to
speak with the lesser races in a sibilant tone. Well versed
in numerous Arts, including many unknown to Kithain
and Denizen alike, during the Tessarakonta they occu
pied an Overlord position in the fomorian hierarchy
eclipsing all but the highest ranking Dark-kin. There are
those of both castes who can literally wear fne skin,
thereby disguising themselves as theit victims and wan-
dering the Dreaming. Now they go forth in the Winter
Court's name, spreading terror, subversion and death.
Indeed, the Aslynthiare quite knowledgea
their changeling enemies and their Denizen rivals. As
the resultof lengthy torture sessions with both, they have
dissected both groups' weaknesses, strengths and secret
desires.

"The Triumph Gasque of Sorowe

‘A weapon of unspeakable power, even unopened its
effects were immense, raining poison and fire down upon
its bearer's enemies as they sought to stand against him.
Rumors of its power when opened speak of the utter
annihilation of foes, instantaneously rendering them
nothing more than ash. It is said that there are no
defenses against the casque's powers. Though the Red
Fomorian king broke the casque's key into nine frag-
ments, rumor tells thatsome have been reassembled, and
with each, another calamity threatens. Two key frag-

ments have been assembled; two fomorian courts now
awaken.

Chapeer Five: By che Silver Banned

5

Ke
