# File: Diablerie.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Awaken ing
Diablerie: (Mexico

By NIGEL FINDLEY


A rat crept softly through the vegetation

Dragging its slimy belly on the bank

While I was fishing in the dull canal

On a winter evening round behind the gashousi

Musing upon the king my brother's wreck

And on the king my father's death before him.
T.S. Eliot The Waste Land

Pictr lowered the limp body of his drained Vessel to the pavement
of the noisome alley. He licked the last traces of blood from his

Yes. He could feel the thin vite of his victim as a churni
incorporated into himself. Refreshing strength flowed through his
limbs until his very skin began to tingle. He raised his eyes from the
crumpled body of the would-be mugger — how foolish the boy had
been to choose as his intended victim a farmore lethal predator — and
smiled at the cloud-streaked moon hanging distended over the high
rooftops of Chicago. His eye teeth — his killing teeth — were still
extended, and glinted evilly in the cold moonlight.

Something glittered at his feet —the mugger's switchblade, with
which he'd threatened to take his killer's life. How foolish the
weapon had seemed to Pietr. How y he had brushed it aside,
before reaching in to shatter the youth's jaw witha single, hideously
strong blow. He laughed as he kicked the weapon aside.

The exhilaration of the fresh vite was a thin siren-song in Pictr's
ears. Even though it had tasted thin, only slightly stronger than water,
itstill carried with it its full curative and restorative powers. That was
interesting, Pictr noted, and valuable. Even though his tastes had
become somewhat ... jaded by his recent diet, the blood of mere kine
could still serve him. Yes, interesting, and good. Although he would
continue in his set path, secking out and draining those Elders foolish
enough to leave themselves vulnerable, Diableric was not Pictr's sole
course of action. The kine could support him in time of need, as they
always had in the past.

His tongue and lips tingled — burned, almost — with the memory
of the last time he had drunk Kindred vite. In France, it had been.
Through his research, he had unearthed the Haven of an Elder. By
cunning and courage, he had overcome the creature's defenses, and
drained that Vessel dry. His heart pounded, and his spirit leapt as he
recalled the fierce joy of the Inspiration, the piercing death-yet-not-
death of the Rebirth. How he longed to taste once more the savage,
hot blood of his own Kindred ...

It was that longing that had brought him at last to this city. Here,
his research had told him, he would find a prize beyond price — one
of the Kindred who knew the ancient blood-magic, the Ritual of the
Bitter Rose. And with that Ritual — when Pietr had obtained it, by
whatever means it might take — the Diabolist would gain powers that
would elevate him to near-godhood. He would become the ultimate
threat to the Camarilla, and the ruler of all the Kindred.

With a harsh laugh of exhilaration and anticipation, he vanished
into the night.


Credits:

Written by: Nigel Findley
Editing: Rob Hatch
Development: Andrew Greenberg
Layout: Sam Chupp

Production: Josh Timbrook
Maps: Brian Blume

Art: Sam Inabinet, John Cobb, Seri Mohm, Josh
Timbrook, Richard Thomas

Cover: Jeff Starling
Back Cover: Chris McDonough

Vampire: The Masquerade™ was created by Mark
ReinsHagen

Dedication:

This book is dedicated to all the characters who died
in the playtesting of this story.

Ty 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
Goge SuTe 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aion,
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Diablerie and/Awak-
ening are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fic-
tion and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

Special Thanks To:

Mark "Next Week" Rein-Hagen, for his efforts to
get Werewolf out to playtesters in time.

Stewart "Judge Automaton" Wieck, for being so
Dreddful in four square.

Ken "Fisherman" Cliffe, for not finding his fauna
among the local flora.

Josh "Whine, Whine, Whine" Timbrook, for hav-
ing to abandon The Masquerade at 2 a.m.

Andrew "Bring ‘em back alive" Greenberg, for
saving Josh and Wes from all those bloodthirsty
Georgia peaches and getting them home by their bed
time (whine...whine...whine)

Wes "Fixer" Harris, for bringing his waterpump
bill from $280 to $20.

Sam "Dark Foe" Chupp, for tuming evil while
worming his way to the kingship.

Rob "Hypochondriac" Hatch, for saving up all his
illness until he came to work for us.

Chris "Walkies" McDonough, forknowing how to
get us worried in Werewolf.

Travis "Hunt and Peck" Williams, for getting his
Ars Magica work done so close to the deadline.

Brian "The Whiz" Blume, for cranking on some
jammin' cartography.

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION
Carter Two: DIABLERIE; A Discussion
CHAPTER THREE: THE WANDERER

CHAPTER Six: CONCLUSION...



Inaroduction

We do not merely feed upon the Mortals; some of us feed
upon one another. Some do it out of need; they can no
longer survive on the thin mortal vite. But others do it out
of desire, for they seek the power of their elders. The war
between my people is a cannibalistic and horrific conflict
indeed. The young hunt the old, not for wisdom, but for
power.

—Critias, Clan Brujah

concluding the story, of tying up loose ends and bringing the
dramatic flow of the story to a suitable close.

Awakening is a supplement for the Vampire: The
Masquerade storytelling game. Within it, you will find
information on one of themore powerful Methuselahs in the
New World — Mictlantecuhtli, known to many as The
Wanderer — and details about his resting place. Lying in
torpor, he represents a treasure almost beyond price for

THE STORY

ambitious Neonates (and what Neonates are not ambi-
tious?). So greatare his age and the potence of his blood that
by incorporating a powerful ritual with the drinking of his

Diablerie is a one-chapter story for Vampire, intended for
agroup of 3-6 Kindred. Itisa stand-alone story, with nodirect
links to any other Vampire supplements.

vite, not one but several Neonates could advance in Gen-
eration!

Of course, nothing of value ever comes easily, and the

worth of a prize can be measured by what price those who
desire it would risk to obtain it. The price that must be paid

for this prize is great indeed. Any Kindred who attempt to
attain the goal must face the very real risk of being extin-

guished, of facing the death that they thought would never
come for them.

For the Wanderer does not sleep unprotected. Far from
it. His defenses have destroyed uncounted Kindred over the
two millennia and more that he has lain in Torpor. What
matter a handful more?

CONTENTS

Diablerie consists of six chapters. The first chapter
serves as an introduction and explanation of the rest of the
book. Chapter 2 offers a discussion of the practice of
Diablerie, or the Amaranth. Chapter 3 provides back-
ground material on Mictlantecuhtli, the Wanderer, including
his history and capabilities. Chapter 4 contains suggestions
for how to involve the Neonates in this story and ways in
which the Storyteller can drop the hints that will lead them
on to their appointment with destiny. Chapter 5 describes
the Wanderer's Haven, a Mayan pyramid located in the
Quintana Roo province of Mexico's Yucatan peninsula, as
well as information on its many defenses — living, inani-
mate and undead. And finally, Chapter 6 discusses ways of

Introduction 7

How To Use Tuts Book

This supplement can be used in two ways. First, itcan be
used merely as background information. The book provides
the Storyteller with important background on the practice of
Diablerie — the game mechanics, particularly with refer-
ence to when Kindred drink the vite of exceptionally old and
powerful Vampires, and the philosophy and body of beliefs
that the Kindred have built up around the practice over the
millennia. It also describes one of the greatest of the
Methuselahs, Mictlantecuhtli, who has lain in torpor since
before the time of Christ. Although the location of his resting
place is known to few — if any — so great was his power that
Mictlantecuhtli is probably the core of many myths and
legends among the Kindred. Storytellers, then, can use this
supplement for information on Diablerie, and for "deep
background" that they can release in hints and rumors, to
enhance and deepen the atmosphere of the Chronicle.

Second, if the nature of the Chronicle is suitable,
Mictlantecuhtli the Wanderer can be presented as a target for
Neonate characters bent on acquiring power through
Diablerie, the drinking of an Elder's blood. Since the

Wanderer is so old and so powerful, he represents an
opportunity for several player characters to advance in
Generation. Here, the rules on Diablerie itself take on more
immediate significance, as do the details on the Wanderer's
Havenand the precautions he has taken to protect himself. In
this case, the Neonates must "run the gauntlet" if they wish
to drink of Mictlantecuhtli's vita.

TrE-INS

There are no direct tie-ins between this supplement and
any other product for Vampire ... apart from the Vampire
tulebook, of course. While Awakening could be used in a
Chronicle based on earlier Chronicles, suchas Ashes to Ashes
and Chicago by Night, the events in this supplement are so
far removed from Chicago and Gary that there will be little
connection with matters in Illinois and Indiana (unless the
Storyteller decides otherwise, of course; suggestions for
such complications can be found in Chapter 6). Of course,
Kindred from Chicago may journey with the Neonates to
Mexico —to assist them, hinder them or just observe, as the
case may be. Otherwise, Awakening can be considered a
stand-alone product.

8 Awakening

VDiablerie;

X Discussion

The bigger the cap, the bigger the pealin'
— Ice Cube, Steady Mobbin'

Diablerie is the name that the Kindred apply to draining
the vit of another Vampire, driving the victim to the Final
Death as his very life force, and the potence associated with
it, is transferred to the Diabolist. Regardless of the fact that
most Kindred consider it a foul and perverted act — and of
the Sixth Tradition's condemnation of any Kindred who
would slay another — Diablerie is practiced by, and touches
on, Vampires of all generations.

There are many who think that the later Generations of
Kindred — those of Fourth and subsequent Generations —
were created for one purpose, and one purpose alone: to feed
the hunger of their Sires. After all, it is known that as
Kindred attain ages in excess of a millennium, the vita of
mortal Vessels becomes too thin to support them as it once
did. Some Kindred extrapolate from this that the true
Antediluvians — those of the Third Generation, and Caine
himself, should he still exist — would be unable to gain any
sustenance from mortal blood. They could survive only by
feeding from Vampiric Vessels. The Antediluvians knew
that this would occur, and — before they slipped into Torpor
— they made sure sufficient Vessels would await them on
their Awakening. Inessence, then, according to this view the
entire population of the Damned, so concerned with its own

petty squabbles and rivalries, are nothing buta Herd awaiting
the resurrection of the Antediluvians. If this is the case, then
Gehenna is something truly to be feared ...

It must be admitted that not many of the Kindred believe
this (or admit that they believe it, perhaps). Even if this
apocalyptic view is not the truth, there certainly have been —
and probably still are — Vampires who sire Get for the sole
purpose of later feeding on them. Most Kindred view this
kind of situation with a deep personal revulsion, possibly
because it would be too easy for them to imagine the horror
of being such a Get. How would it be — particularly for a

natural hunter such as a Vampire — to realize that one's
inescapable destiny is to become the prey of the Sire who
created one? Certainly, the fact that such Get are bound to
their Sire by Blood Bond would partially mitigate the horror,
but still some of the terrible knowing would remain.

Then, too, there are the few "rogue" Elders who have
developed a taste for the blood of their Kindred, even though
the vite of mortals would still support them admirably. The
ecstasy, or Rapture, associated with the moment when a
Vessel meets the Final Death must be addictive indeed. Why
else would Elders, who could gain no concrete benefits from
feeding on Neonates, risk extreme consequences to do so?
Obviously, Neonates— the prime targets for such Diabolists
because of their relative weakness — are among the most
fervent when itcomes to bringing rogues to face the Prince's
judgement.

Conversely, of course, there are many "younger" Licks
— those of the later generations — who covet the vita of
their Elders for the very real boons it would bring them.
Most ambitions of this type remain ambitions, since by their
nature any Kindred of earlier generations are much more
powerful; however, there are those Neonates and Ancillas
who do hunt their Elders for their blood. Through cooperative
action, through trickery, or simply through falling on an
Elder in Torpor, such Diabolists have sunk their teeth into
enough victims to make the fear many Elders feel toward
their Progeny a reasonable thing.

Many Elders take reasonable caution much too far of
course, letting itblossom into paranoia and hatred. There are
those Elders whose outspoken concern that the Ancilla will
shatter the Masquerade is merely a cover for their fear that
those same Ancilla will one night come to drink their vite.

Tales among the Kindred tell of those few ambitious
Vampires who hunt the greatest prize of them all: the vita

Diablerie: A Discussion 9

of the Antediluvians themselves. Most of the Damned
believe these stories to be nothing more than folk tales, with
no truth to them whatsoever. After all, the Havens of the
Antediluvians are hidden so well that none may find them.

But still the stories recur, accompanied by whisperings
about Neonates who have somehow determined the locations
of those hidden Havens. Those individuals who have acted
on this knowledge have — so the stories tell — never
retumed to Kindred society. Does this mean the Antediluvians
(or the protections with which they would have hedged
around their Havens) have destroyed these challengers? Or
have the Neonates joined the Antediluvians, in one sense or
another? To most of the Damned, this possibility does not
bear thinking about ...

THE PROCESS

The basic process of Diablerie is as described in Vampire.
First, the Diabolist must totally drain the Blood Pool of the
Vampiric Vessel. When the Vessel's Blood Pool reaches
zero, she slips into Torpor. Thereafter, the Diabolist must
roll Strength, with a difficulty of 9. For each success, the
Vessel loses one Health Level. This represents the draining
not of blood, but of the Vessel's very life force, that which
animates his undead body, and its transference to the Diabolist.

Kindred refer to this stage of the process as "Inspiration" or
as the "Fire Within". Once the Diabolist has drained all the
target's Health Levels, the Vessel passes into the darkness of
the Final Death. And, if the Vessel is of an earlier Generation
than the Diabolist, then the feeder advances (at least) one
Generation, gaining all of the associated benefits. This is a
very simple description. Although accurate, it misses some
of the most significant elements of Diablerie.

Specifically, it has nothing whatsoever to say about the
sensations involved in drinking the vit of another Kindred,
and their consequences. These sensations must be extreme,
to explain those Vampires who feed upon Vessels of later
generations.

The initial stage of Diablerie, the Feeding, is when the
Diabolistis actually draining blood from the Vessel. Vampiric
vitz is as different from mortal blood as blood is from water.
The sensations of drinking such hot, potent vite are often
almostoverwhelming. The Diabolist experiences transports
of ecstasy unlike any sensation he or she has felt before.

If the Feeding is euphoric, then the experience of the
Inspiration, or the Fire Within, is transcendent. Once the
Vessel is drained of blood, the Diabolist begins absorbing
the very life force of the victim. To the feeder, it seems she
is still drinking blood, but blood so pure and powerful that it
could well be liquid fire. She feels a burning within her own
veins, spreading outward from her throat and through her
entire body. This burning is indescribable: pleasure so
piercing it becomes agony, or pain so sweet it becomes
ecstasy. Diabolists say that throughout the Inspiration, they
can hear a sound like the tolling of a great and distant bell,
slowing down and diminishing in volume until, at the
moment the Vessel suffers the Final Death, it falls into
silence.

Andatthatinstant, the ecstasy of the Inspiration blossoms,
almost impossibly, to even greater heights. So wracking is
this pleasure that the Diabolist is incapable of muffling a cry
of exaltation. Diabolists refer to this moment as the Rebirth.
Somewhat predictably, the magnitude of these sensations
depends on the Generation of the Vessel; the earlier his
generation, the more intense the sensations,

On the other side of the equation, the Vessel undergoes a
profound experience as well, although not a pleasant one by
any means. During the Feeding, the Vessel — if conscious
— is able to fight back in any way possible. At the moment
that the Vessel's Blood Pool is reduced to zero, however, he
becomes totally paralyzed. It is as if he slips into Torpor,
exceptthatheis completely and horribly conscious throughout
the Inspiration that follows, butis unable to doa thing to stop
it. As the Vessel's life force begins to leave his body, he is
Possessed by terror, and a panic that no reason can hold at
bay. As the Vessel loses Health Levels, and the Final Death
approaches, this panic grows until it is all-encompassing.
Even for those Kindred who seek the Final Death, Diablerie
is the most horrible way of attaining it that can be imagined.

10 Awakening

————————— =
CONSEQUENCES

So overwhelming are the sensations associated with
Diablerie that they can have very real, physical consequences.
For the Diabolist, there is a chance of Frenzy, which arises
from the sheer magnitude of the experience. To avoid
Frenzy, the Diabolist must make a Self-Control roll against
adifficulty of 12 minus the Generation of the Vessel. (Thus,
ifthe Vessel is of the Tenth Generation, the difficulty is only
2; if the Vessel is Third Generation, however, the difficulty
is 9!) If the Diabolist fails the roll, he suffers Madness (the
usual result of a Conscience Frenzy); so great was the
ecstasy that the Vampire will try anything to regain it. If the
Self-Control roll is botched, however, the Vampire gains a
Terror Derangement; the experience was so literally over-
whelming that it has shaken the Diabolist's sanity.

Further, the Diabolist must make a separate Self-Control
roll against a difficulty of 7 minus the Vessel's Generation.
If this roll is failed or botched, the Diabolist gains the
Derangement, Delusions of Grandeur. This is in addition to
any Derangement gained through Frenzy.

It is possible that the Vessel may survive the experience
ofDiablerie. Perhaps the Diabolistis dragged off or destroyed
before she can drain all of the Vessel's Health Levels. Once
the Inspiration has begun, however (that is, once the Vessel
has reached zero Blood Points) there is a very real risk that
the Vessel's sanity has been shaken by the terror of the
experience. The Vessel must make a Courage roll against a
difficulty of 4 plus the number of Health Levels drained.
(For example, the Diabolist drained 4 Health Levels before
he was stopped. The Vessel's Courage roll is against
difficulty 8.) On a failed roll, the Vessel gains a Terror
Derangement; ona botch, he gains two Terror Derangements.

BENEFITS

Rise in Generation

The Vampire rulebook states that only one character can
rise in Generation by drinking the vite of a senior Kindred.
For millennia, most Kindred thought this to be an absolute
truth. Most Vampires "knew" fora fact that only the Kindred
who actually drained the last Health Level from the victim
would experience the Rebirth.

However, during the occult Renaissance that occurred in
Europe during the latter half of the 19th Century, members
of Clan Tremere discovered that this "truth" was in fact just
another of the many myths surrounding the Undead. There
is a way in which more Kindred can experience the Rebirth,
and advance in generation, from the vita of a single victim
of Diablerie. A very specific technique must be employed
for this to work, however. This technique became known as
the Ritual of the Bitter Rose.

Itis interesting and important to note that the discovery of
the blood-magic incorporated into the Ritual of the Bitter
Rose did not come as a surprise to all Vampires. There were
those (few and far between) who had heard myths and
legends telling of ancient days when Diablerie was more
widely practiced: harsh and dark days, well before the
dawning of the Christian Era. Back in those deadly times,
certain myths related, many of the Elders knew the secrets of
the blood-magic now called The Ritual of the Bitter Rose...
or at least some of the secrets. The myths told of great
Damned thaumaturges throughout the world who had some-
how developed blood-magic rituals of immense power. One
such mythical thaumaturge was known only as "The Wan-
derer." Today, few believe the myths and legends, and fewer
consider the Wanderer to be anything but a fictional figure.

Myths aside, once they had developed the Ritual of the
Bitter Rose, Clan Tremere decided to keep their new
knowledge inviolably secret. This was for several reasons.

One was fear. If it became known that multiple Kindred
could experience the Rebirth from a single victim, how
much moreattractive would the practice of Diablerie become
forthe Anarchs? Until that time, one of the major limitations
on the practice of the Amaranth was that normally only a
strong band could hope to defeat an Antediluvian, and then

{> Sen) 924307

Diablerie: A Discussion 11


only one member of that band could benefit from the act.
Jealousy, and the very real consideration that participants in
such a move would risk the Final Death for something that
would benefit only one of their number, held many back.
The Elders of Clan Tremere quite reasonably feared that if
knowledge of the Ritual of the Bitter Rose became wide-
spread, the risk to their august persons in the form of roving
bands of Diabolists would drastically increase.

The second reason, of course, was a desire for personal
power, and power for the Clan. Knowledge that the Ritual
of the Bitter Rose existed could, the Elders believed, be used
as a major bargaining chip in the infighting and squabbling
that dominated the Camarilla at the time. If need be, it could
be a powerful weapon. The Seven Elders, based in Vienna,
could — if the necessity presented itself — tur to Diablerie
themselves, using the Ritual to so advance their own gen-
eration so that none could stand against them.

Unfortunately, that plan — if such vague ideas could in
fact be termed a plan—came to naught. To this day, nobody
within Clan Tremere knows how it came to pass, but the
secret of the Ritual of the Bitter Rose got out. Other
members of the Camarilla learned that the Ritual existed,
and took the Tremere to task both for developing the blood-
magic in the first place, and for trying to keep it themselves.
In response to the overwhelming pressure from the other
members — escalating, at times, to threats of destruction by
acoalition of the other Clans — the Seven Elders grudgingly
destroyed all records of how the Ritual is performed. Those
who developed the Ritual, and those within the Clan who had
subsequently leamed of it, were either destroyed or had their
memories wiped clean by the Seven Elders. As far as the
Camarilla knew, the Ritual of the Bitter Rose had effectively
ceased to exist.

Somewhat predictably, this belief turned out to be little
more than wishful thinking. As many other groups have
discovered down the corridors of history, destroying
knowledge once it has been gained is much more difficult
than developing it in the first place — so much more difficult
that it might well be impossible. Rumors of the Ritual of the
Bitter Rose had begun to circulate through the length and
breadth of Kindred society. Although nobody admitted to
knowing how it might be performed, it could not be denied
that knowledge of the Ritual's existence was no longer a
secret.

Today, it is thought that no more than half a dozen
Vampires know how to perform the Ritual of the Bitter Rose.
How they gained this forbidden knowledge remains amystery.
Perhaps when the Seven Elders of the Tremere destroyed all
records of the Ritual, someone within the Clan preserved
some writings on the topic. Or perhaps the "mind-wiping"
magics used to obliterate the knowledge failed in some
cases. Or, maybe, the Seven Elders did not carry out the
complete eradication they described to the Camarilla, and
saved records for themselves — records which were sub-
sequently stolen or otherwise disseminated. At the present

12 Awakening

time, the Camarilla considers possession of a description of
how the Ritual is to be performed to be identical, in the face
of the Traditions, to be equivalent to actually performing
Diablerie, and thus punishable by death.

‘There are many Anarchs whoare searching forknowledge
‘about the Ritual of the Bitter Rose. Exactly how they plan
touse this knowledge, if they should gain it, is not precisely
known ... although the Elders are sure they can make an
unpleasant guess.

Even the Ritual of the Bitter Rose has serious restrictions
when it comes to elevating multiple Kindred through
Diablerie. With Kindred of Fourth Generation or later, the
Ritual is generally useless, in that even with its use only one
Diabolist can experience the Rebirth and subsequent el-
evation. The only exceptions lie in the case of extremely —
and abnormally — powerful Vampires, or those who are
exceptionally old. The vite of a Fifth Generation Kindred
wlio is highly skilled at Thaumaturgy, or who is two millen-
nia or more old, might have sufficient potence to raise two
or perhaps even three Diabolists in Generation through the
use of the Ritual.

For Generations earlier than Fourth, the number of Di-
abolists who can benefit through the Ritual increase. An
average Third Generation Kindred would have sufficient

potence to elevate three Diabolists; an average Second
Generation Kindred (if such still exist) could theoretically
elevate nine Diabolists. In the case of Kindred of the Second
and Third Generations, relative power and age must also be
taken into account, as with Vampires of later Generations.

The Ritual of the Bitter Rose (Level
Three Ritual)

The Ritual allows multiple Kindred to experience the
Rebirth and to elevate in Generation from the blood of a
single Diablerie victim. (As discussed above, the number of
Kindred who can be elevated depends on the Generation and
power of the victim.) The procedure is as follows.

First, a single Diabolist must feed on the vite of the
victim, draining all of the victim's Blood Points, and all but
one of his Health Levels. (The experiences andconsequences
of this Inspiration are detailed above.) Then, when the
victim is reduced to a single Health Level remaining, the
Diabolist must stop drinking. So euphoric is the experience
of the Fire Within that stopping itrequires an immense effort
of will: the Diabolist must make a Self-Control roll against
a difficulty of 10 - the victim's generation. If the Diabolist
fails or botches this roll, she drains the victim's last Health
Leyel and alone experiences the Rebirth and elevation.
(There is no further consequence of a botched roll unless the
Storyteller wants the botcher to attack her comrades after the
Rebirth.)

The heart of the victim must then be cut out using a dagger
forged of coldiron. This brings the victim to the Final Death.
The heart is placed in a clean earthenware bowl, where it is

WF seni 42-038

crushed to a pulp using a mortar of marble, and mixed with
a small amount of red wine. To this mixture is added the
residue of an alder stake that has been burned toash, Finally,
one pint of pure water is added to the concoction. Tradition-
ally, this water must come from an untainted mountain
stream, although contemporary experiments have proven
that distilled water will work just as well.

The character performing the ritual must make an Intel-
ligence + Occult roll against a difficulty of 6 (the Storyteller
should make this roll secretly). All characters wishing to
experience elevation must then drink of this concoction. If
the roll is a success, each drinker (up to the maximum
number of Kindred specified in the previous section) expe-
riences Rebirth, and is elevated by one Generation. If the
character performing the Ritual fails the roll, the concoction
is inert, and no character is elevated. If the character botches
the roll, the concoction is rendered extremely poisonous,
inflicting three aggravated wounds on the drinker. The
number of wounds suffered is decreased by one for each
success the character achieves on a Stamina + Fortitude roll
against a difficulty of 5, but only if the drinker has Fortitude.
(Yes, this makes the Ritual a calculated risk. But what great
boon can ever be gained without at least some risk?)

There are many unsubstantiated yet recurring rumors that
sometimes the Ritual of the Bitter Rose has gone decidedly
and horribly wrong. Many rumors tell of a failed Ritual
destroying the potence of the vite totally and utterly, while
there are some that describe cases where the vitz's potence
has been drastically increased. In these latter cases, the

Diablerie: A Discussion 13

supernormally potent vite has elevated Diabolists by more
than one Generation, although usually at great cost: the
draught has inflicted hideous aggravated wounds on the
drinkers, and has sometimes caused the Diabolists to suffer
extreme and unusual Derangements. There are also tales of
Diabolists spontaneously bursting into flame and being
destroyed on drinking the treated vita. It is not known
whether this was caused by a severe failure in the Ritual, or
whether the potence of the vite was so increased as to be
deadly to a drinker of relatively late Generation.

There are also rumors — again unsubstantiated — that
vite treated by the Ritual can somehow be stored. Thus
those Diabolists present can benefit by the blood of an
Antediluvian, but any blood remaining can be kept potent to
be used by others at a later date. There are even rumors that
claim thata single Diabolistcan store portions of the Ritually
treated blood and drink them later, elevating one Generation
each time. Most Kindred who understand at least a little
about the workings of the Ritual claim that this latter story is
nothing but wishful thinking. The vite, these "experts"
claim, must be quaffed immediately on the completion of the
ritual, and any stored blood will immediately become inert
and useless. Still, however, there are many who believe that
the Ritual can be used in this manner. How much more
valuable, then, does the Ritual become. Theoretically, if this
Tumor is true, then a single determined Diabolist might
produce from a single victim of the Third Generation enough
treated draughts to elevate himself by a full three Generations.
Those who believe this rumor claim that its denial by those

who understand the Ritual is simply a self-serving act with
no other real significance.

Whatever the truth of the matter, it cannot be denied that
the blood-magic involved in the Ritual of the Bitter Rose
remains largely mysterious, and highly risky to those who
would try to gain by it.

Curative Powers

Although notall Kindred believe them to be true, there are
tales that of the curative powers of vitz taken from Vampires
of Fourth Generation or earlier. These tales relate that this
vite, if stored in airtight vials or flasks, can be drunk by
Vampires as healing draughts. Further, this blood is said to
beefficacious against even aggravated wounds. And finally,
it is claimed that the vite can also temporarily raise a
Vampire's strength and physical prowess. The same tales
tell, however, that the potency of such stored blood remains
only for a short time, even if it is kept from contact with the
air.

It is only rarely that a Vampire of Fourth or earlier
Generation is actually drained of vita, of course, and those
who have achieved such a thing would rarely speak of it.
This explains why so few among the Damned know for
certain the truth or falsity of these tales. In fact, most of them
are true, at least in part.

Healing

The blood of a Vampire of Fourth or earlier Generation
can act as a kind of healing draft if quaffed by a Vampire.
One Blood Point will heal a number of Health Levels equal
to five minus the Generation of the Vessel. (Thus, drinking
one Blood Point from a Third Generation Vessel would heal
two Health Levels.) This vite can either be quaffed from a
vial or flask —as described later — or directly from the body
of the Vessel. If a wounded Vampire is drinking the vite
directly from the Vessel, she can decide whether or not she
wants to experience the healing properties of the draught. If
0, a Blood Point used to heal is not added to the feeder's
Blood Pool. Note that the feeder cannot "split" the effects —
i.e., using one Blood Point to heal incompletely, and adding
all other Blood Points to his own Pool. If the Diabolist
decides to heal at all, he is healed totally; any Blood Points
only partially used for that purpose are lost. (For example,
a Diabolist who is Mauled (-4) drinks five Blood Points from
a Third Generation Vessel, and decides to heal himself.
Each Blood Point heals two Health Levels. The first point
heals two Health Levels, raising the Diabolist to Injured (-2);
the second point raises him to Bruised. A third point heals
the remaining one Health Level. The Diabolist can add only
two points to his Blood Pool.)

To have this additional healing effect, the blood must be
drunk directly from the Vessel, or from a suitable container.
Even if she fully replenished his Blood Pool by feeding from

14 Awakening

‘an Antediluvian, a Diabolist can only heal one Health Level
for each point spent from her own Blood Pool. In other
‘words, once the vite has been absorbed into the Diabolist's
body, it is no different from her own blood in its effective-
ness.

Increasing Physical Attributes

A Diabolist who drinks one point of blood directly from
a Vessel or from a suitable container can raise any one of her
Physical Attributes by an amount equal to 6 minus the
Generation of the Vessel, for the duration of the scene.
(Thus, if the Vessel is Fourth Generation, the Diabolist can
drink one point of blood and raise any Physical Attribute by
two.) These increases cannot be split between Attributes; all
of the points of increase from one Blood Point must be
applied to the same Attribute. A Blood Point drunk and used
this way is notadded to the drinker's Blood Pool. A Vampire
can use only one Blood Point per turn in this way. The same
tules apply as with healing once a Vessel's vite has been
added to a Diabolist's own Blood Pool.

Aggravated Damage

Blood from an Antediluvian of Fourth Generation or
earliercan heal aggravated damage if drunk directly from the
Vessel or from a suitable container. One point of blood can
immediately heal one Health Level of aggravated damage;
the Blood Point used this way is not added to the Diabolist's
Blood Pool.

Only one Health Level of aggravated damage can be
healed this way in any 24-hour period. If a Vampire drinks
and uses another Blood Point for this purpose less than 24
hours after the last such use, she loses an additional Health
Level; this is aggravated damage.

Preservation

It is possible to collect vit from a Methuselah or Ante-
diluvian and store it in vials or flasks, and toexpectittoretain
its efficacious qualities. Any amount of blood can be stored
inthis way, but vita drunk after being stored is lost at the rate
of one point per day (this is figured after the character marks
off the one Blood Point Kindred lose normally each day).
Remember, one Blood Point from a Fifth Generation
Methuselah might represent several ounces of liquid, while
one Blood Point from a Third Generation Antediluvian
might be a single drop!

Only glass containers can be used to store the blood. Each
container must be totally empty, must have been washed out
with rainwater before use, and must never have been used for
another purpose. Once the blood is decanted into the
container, the container must be closed with an airtight
stopper. If the stopper is removed, allowing air to reach the
blood within, the vit loses its efficacy in less than five
seconds (long enough for a Vampire to drink it, but just).

$e F2-0310

CONSEQUENCES OF
DIABLERIE

In all but the most extreme subsections of Kindred soci-
ety, Diablerie is considered one of the most heinous of
crimes. But what risk does this represent if the criminal
carries out his actions without being caught in the act?
Unfortunately for would-be Diabolists — and fortunately
for those Elders who depend on the threat of social sanction
as a deterrent — there are several ways in which other
Kindred can sense that an individual has perpetrated Diablerie.

Firstly, the Thaumaturgy Path The Taste of Blood will
definitively tell the user whether or not the subject has ever
drunk the blood of a Vampire of earlier Generation. This
"taint" is permanent; even millennia later, a Diabolist can be
detected in this way. If the Diabolist has drunk the vite of
a Vessel of his own Generation or later, the taint is not
permanent, but obeys the time limit discussed below.

The aura of a Vampire who has practiced Diablerie is
tainted with flickering rays of black; this taint lasts for the
time limit discussed below. Any Kindred capable of seeing
the precise color shade of an aura — requiring two successes
with the Auspex power Aura Perception —can see the black
tinges. Not everyone automatically understands what it
represents, of course ... although many Elders certainly do!

Diablerie: A Discussion 15


Finally, any other Kindred coming into close contact with
a Diabolist may sense "something wrong" about the indi-
vidual. This requires a Humanity check against a difficulty
ofone-third the number of months since the Vampire practiced
Diablerie (round fractions up) multiplied by the Generation
of the Vessel. If the Diabolist has fed from more than one
Vessel, the check should be made for the incidence that gives
the lowest difficulty; further, the difficulty is decreased by
one for each incidence of Diablerie in the past 12 months.
(For example, a particularly dedicated Diabolist has per-
formed Diablerie four times in the past year; the most recent
incident, six months ago, saw him draining the life force of
a Fourth Generation Methuselah. The difficulty for any
other Vampire to detect the "taint" is equal to 4 — one-third
the number of months since the incident (6 + 3) times the
Generation of the victim (4) minus the number of incidents
in the past year (4).) Vampires who make this roll do not
sense much more than a vague discomfort, a feeling that
there is something unpleasant about the Diabolist. Most
Kindred will not understand exactly what the feeling means,
although some Elders might be able to interpret it correctly.

Note that the results of The Taste of Blood or Aura
Perception are considered by most Princes as proof of
Diablerie. The queasy feeling discussed in the preceding
paragraph may be indicative, but it certainly is not proof.

Time Limit for Detection

The taintona Vampire's "soul" that arises from Diablerie
is permanent only with regard to a Vessel of earlier Gen-
eration, and then only with respect to The Taste of Blood.
The other "stains" are temporary.

If the Vessel was of an equal or later Generation to the
Diabolist, The Taste of Blood will discern the taint only
within 40 weeks minus the Generation of the Vessel. This
is also the time that the black flecks remain in a Diabolist's
aura.

Laws AGAINST
DIABLERIE

Tothe vast majority of the Damned, Diablerieisconsidered
to be against the all laws, natural and otherwise. The Sixth
Tradition is a specific injunction against the destruction of
other Vampires in most cases. Depending on interpretation,
only a Sire has the right to destroy his Progeny, or only the

Prince has the right to destroy Kindred in his territory junior
tohim. Whichever is the correct interpretation, it is obvious
that the Sixth Tradition automatically excludes those inci-
dences of Diablerie when a Vampire drains the life force of
a Vessel of earlier Generation. Based on the Sixth Tradition
alone, most Princes will call a Blood Hunt against any
Kindred proven guilty of Diablerie.

Interpreting the Sixth Tradition strictly, it would seem
that Sires are free to perform Diablerie upon their Progeny
if they so wish. Most Princes, however, promulgate strict
laws forbidding any form of Diablerie. Again, the perfor-
mance of Diablerie against such a law can be punished by a
Blood Hunt.

There have been tales of Princes who themselves have
created Progeny simply to serve them as Vessels. This is
allowed according to a strict reading of the Sixth Tradition,
and obviously such Princes would not bring in laws forbidding
Diablerie, or would place themselves above such laws. Even
a powerful Prince who acts in this way does so at significant
personal risk. Most Vampires believe the words of a
Tremere Elder, Troius, who once wrote, "The laws against
Diablerie are unwritten on paper or parchment, but they are
graven on the heart of every Kindred." The vast majority of
the Damned find the concept of Diablerie as repugnant, and
will refuse to associate with a known Diabolist. If Diablerie
is against the laws of the local Prince, many Kindred will
respond by turning the known Diabolist over to that Prince
for judgement. If there are no such laws, or if it is the Prince
himself who is the Diabolist, certain Kindred may take
matters into their own hands. Kindred traditions contain
several stories of unofficial Blood Hunts, where "lynch
mobs" of outraged Vampires hunted down aknown Diabolist
and brought him to the Final Death in punishment for his
crime. Even the most powerful of Princes will fall if all
Kindred within his territory turn against him.

Whether or not there are any local laws forbidding
Diablerie, the Inconnu have been known to take unilateral
action against Diabolists. This kind of action on the part of
the Inconnu could simply spring from fear that the Diabolist's
next victim might be one of their own number. Alterna-
tively, it could be intended as a kind of "object lesson", to
discourage other would-be Diabolists, and to prevent the
"taint" of Diablerie from spreading throughout Kindred
society. The fact that many such "removals" are widely
discussed after the fact hints that the Inconnu has actively
disseminated information, which in tum lends credence to
the "object lesson" theory.

16 Awakening

a Che Wanderer

When green buds hang in the elm like dust
And sprinkle the lime like rain
Forth I wander, forth I must

And drink of life again

— A.E. Houseman

Still they called him a god. It would have been humorous,
had it not been so tragic. They worshipped him for his
powers — very real powers, not the overblown hyperbole of
the people's myths — and they envied him. The priests, first
among his worshippers, frequently begged him for the boon
of immortality. (Who knows how they first guessed that he
had the power to grant it?) From the outset he had refused,
which had angered them. He knew — even though they
believed he did not — that at the heart of most of the rituals
supposedly dedicated to him were attempts to gain directly
what he would not give them.

He had never granted the priests the boon they sought,
though he had fed upon them from time to time. But that was
not to say he had Sired no Progeny. It was just that he had
chosen simple peasant farmers on whom to bestow the
Embrace. Certainly, he could justify his choice in other
ways, but he had to admit the truth if only to himself. He had
chosen them purely as a slap in the face to the oh-so-
deferential priests; he had given them immortality, while
denying it to the priests.

Those Progeny he had sired rewarded him with their total,
unquestioning loyalty. But still they thought him a god,
which prevented them from giving him what it was he really

wanted — friendship. The moment that he had realized this
was the moment he began considering repeating the mur-
derous journey that had brought him to this place, but this
time from south to north. Impossible though it may have
seemed to him at the time, he had to face the possibility that
he was the only true and free-willed Kindred in this area of
the world. (He was not counting his Progeny as such; their
life-long indoctrination in obedience to the priests and the
gods put true free will forever beyond their reach.)

The journey ... again? His will quailed at the thought.
The first time had brought him face to face with the Final
Death more times than he cared to recall. And he had been
stronger then. His own Sire had never hinted at such a
possibility, but it certainly seemed age was weakening him.
Even the two or so centuries he had spent in this place
seemed to have leached energy from his body. His physical
strength seemed undiminished; the weakness he felt en-
croaching was more of the soul than of the body. For the
hundredth —or the thousandth —time he considered simply
falling upon the priests that so bedeviled him, draining them
to husks but not offering them the Embrace they so coveted.
Killing them all — all but his loyal Progeny, of course — in
his own very personal image of Gehenna. But then he

Ura

The Wanderer 17

discarded the idea. Unworthy it was... but also too exhaust-
ing to even contemplate.

Sleep. Perhaps that was what he needed. A century ortwo
— or even more — of sleep. To rest his soul as every
morning's sleep rested his body. Yes, that was the answer.

But that answer simply posed more questions. Where?
Where could he sleep undisturbed? He had found himself
incapable of merging with the earth. He had no choice but
to find another Haven that might survive for centuries
undisturbed. But where? He looked around him idly.

Angular geometric shapes were silhouetted against the
sky, black and deeper black. He smiled slowly. Yes, that
was the answer. Within a few weeks he could make the
necessary preparations.

And then he could rest.

THe Mayas

"Maya" is the name applied to a group of related Indian
nations or tribes belonging to the Mayan linguistic stock,

who lived in the Mexican states of Campeche, Chiapas,
Tabasco, Veracruz and Yucatan, as well as portions of
Guatemala and El Salvador. Traditional history relates that
the Mayan civilization began in the 7th Century BC. The
multiple Mayan tribes enjoyed political unity between AD
200 and 600, the period commonly called the Old Empire.
Another period of importance and power was the New
Empire, between AD 1000 and 1200. A time of wars with
the Toltecs and later with the Aztecs, and growing internal
dissention weakened the Mayan Empire. With the Spanish
conquest in the 16th Century, the Mayan empire effectively
came to an end, even though it took the Mexican government
until 1901 to conquer the last independent Mayan commu-
nity. Today, Mayan stock — short, dark and muscular, with
broad heads — make up the majority of the peasant popu-
lation in their former territories.

During its heyday, the Mayan civilization produced some
remarkable architecture, of which greatruinsexistthroughout
the region. Major ruins can be found at Chichen Itza,
Mayapan, Palenque and Uxmal. In some areas, the forest is
now so thick that it is vaguely possible major ruins may exist
that have yet to be discovered. (In fact, as will be discussed
later, this is the case with the ruins of Tzental.) Most of these
sites comprise pyramidal mounds, often topped by temples
or other buildings, grouped around open squares or plazas.
The pyramids are builtin successive steps, unlike the pyramids
of Egypt, with steep staircases running up one or more sides.
Most of these pyramids have cores of rubble or broken
limestone mixed with mortar, which are then faced with cut
stone blocks. As a consequence, most — but not all —
pyramids of this type had no internal chambers or rooms.

MICTLANTECUHTLI,
"THE WANDERER"

The man who would later be known as Mictlantecuhtli
was born in the Pacific Northwest in the year 67 BC, ina
small fishing settlement situated near the natural harbor that
would eventually become the city of Vancouver. His true
name was Mictantecle, a member of the native American
tribe that would, centuries later, take the name Musqueam.
At the time of Mictantecle's birth, they simply called
themselves "the People" ... as did most tribes in the region.

Mictantecle was born into a hard life, and he grew up
quickly. By the age of 15, he was more than five-and-a-half
feet tall — taller than his father — and very muscular. By
dint of his skill as a fisher anda hunter, the band chief granted
Mictantecle permission to marry his only daughter. This
was a signal honor, particularly since the band chief had no
sons, and was already in his early forties — an incredibly
advanced age or one of the People. It seemed obvious to all
that within a handful of years Mictantecle would find him-
self in the position of chief, probably before he was 20.

18 Awakening

The Stranger

Itwasin Mictantecle's 16th year that the stranger arrived.
Nobody knows where he came from; he spoke a language
even the band elders had never heard before. Even though
he seemed unable to learn the language of the People — and
the People, predictably, were disinclined to learn his — he
managed to ingratiate himself with Mictantecle's band. He
achieved this through an eloquent language of gesture, and
through an almost supernatural ability to sense what people
were thinking. The People valued strength and speed in a
man, and the stranger was well endowed with both; in fact,
he far outstripped everyone else in the band in both of these
attributes. Mictantecle — and others — came to envy him
his prowess, so much so that they were undismayed by the
fact that the stranger was seen only by night, and seemed to
vanish during the daylight hours.

‘The young Mictantecle, in fact, found himself obsessed
with the mysterious stranger. Even though the youth found
something disturbing about the older man — particularly
when the stranger's troublingly steady and cold gaze settled
on him — he spent many nights following the mysterious
figure. To Mictantecle's surprise, the stranger seemed
undisturbed by this attention. Even though they never
exchanged a single word — impossible, because of the
language problem — Mictantecle came to believe that the
stranger liked him, or perhaps respected him, in some way.

‘The stranger had been living in the People's village for
several months when the first strange event occurred.
Mictantecle had been following the silent figure through the
nighttime forest outside the village, but had lost sight of his
quarry. Disgusted, the youth struck off through the forest in
the direction in which he thought his home lay. He was
passing through a clearing when he heard a voice speak
clearly; the voice said the one word guaranteed to strike fear
into the youth: "Grizzly." Mictantecle had been told many
times by his elders that the correct thing to do when one
encountered a grizzly bear was to collapse to the ground and
play dead. In the night-black forest, alone, Mictantecle
forgot his training, however, and broke into a run. Behind
him he heard a roar, and a crashing in the underbrush. The
cold realization of impending death washed over him.

Even at this point he could possible have saved his own
life by dropping and lying still. But the adrenalin was in his
bloodstream, and he fled through the forest in panic, as he
heard the bear quickly closing the gap behind him.

His recollection of that flight would always be hazy —
perhaps fortunately so. When the bear first struck at his back
with its massive paw, the impact was enough to send him
tumbling. He screamedas the grizzly'sclawsripped through
the flesh of his back and side. He rolled, and fetched up
against the bole of a great tree. The flash of agony was gone,
and his torn back was cold and numb. As he lay, watching
the black mass of the grizzly rear up over him, Mictantecle
knew that the wound to his back was mortal, even if the bear
did not strike at him again.

Butit seemed that the bear would strike again. Mictantecle
closed his eyes, and braced himself for the blow that would
certainly end his life.

That blow never fell. Lying there, unable to move,
Mictantecle heard the bear's angry growls take on a new
pitch, a tone that he could only describe as puzzled. He
opened his eyes.

A tall, thin figure stood between him and the bear. It was
the stranger, standing like a statue, his cold stare locked with
the bear's gaze. The bear fell silent, tilted its head on one side
quizzically. Then it lowered itself heavily to all-fours again,
and shambled off into the night. As the stranger knelt beside
him, the shock overcame Mictantecle and he fainted.

When he came to himself again, it was still night, but he
was now in a small cave near the village. His back was no
longer numb; in fact, the throbbing pain was enough to make
him cry out. The stranger was kneeling beside him, and laid
acold hand on the youth's forehead. Atthe touch, the agony
in his back seemed to ebb slightly.

"You are dying." The words sounded clear and crisp, and
Mictantecle knew the stranger was speaking to him. Yet the

The Wanderer 19

mysterious figure's thin, white lips were not moving. It took
Mictantecle some seconds to realize that the words had
sounded directly in his brain —and, further, that the warning
about the grizzly had been communicated to him in the same
way. He looked up into the hard eyes of the stranger, anda
new fear washed over him, colder than the mere fear of
death.

"Youare dying," the stranger repeated voicelessly. "Would
you accept that? Or would you live?"

The choice at first seemed meaningless to Mictantecle.
Such was the philosophy of the People that death was
inevitable and would come to all eventually, with no choice
involved. But the steady gaze of the stranger seemed to tell
him that this was a very real choice he was being offered.
Even though his back was flayed to the bone, and his spine
broken, he had to believe that the stranger could somehow
grant him the boon of life.

"T would live," he gasped out, the salt taste of blood in his
mouth.

The stranger nodded silently, and bent forward.

Mictantecle fainted at the start of the feeding. He would
never remember the sensations of his Embrace.

20

Damned

When he came to himself once more, he was alone. The
sky was pink; at first he thought it was dawn, but then
realized it was sunset, and knew he had slept a full day. He
Tose cautiously, found his back free of pain, and seemingly
unwounded, although his clothes hung in shreds across his
shoulders. As he made his way back to his village, he
somehow knew, deep in his soul, that he would never see the
stranger again.

He almost faced the Final Death at his first sunrise.
Having returned to the village and suffered the weeping
attentions of his wife and mother, both of whom had thought
him dead, he prepared to join the fishermen who would be
going out with the dawn. But as dawn approached and the
sky lightened, he felt his skin itching and stinging painfully
with the pinkening sky. Embarrassedly claiming sickness,
he returned to his place in the wooden longhouse to sleep.
The logs of the longhouse were not perfectly seated, how-
ever, and there were many small gaps. When the sun rose,
its first rays shone in through one of those gaps, and fell on
Mictantecle's bare hand. The light pierced his flesh-like
lances, and he screamed with the pain, as bright and strong

Awakening

SER %2-0310


‘had plunged his hand into a cookfire. He spent the
that first day wrapped like a cocoon in many blankets.
of the folk tales of the People described individuals
"passed through the Land of the Dead" and emerged

but unscathed. Mictantecle quickly decided that

was what had happened to him. The fact that the sunlight
‘painful — and perhaps lethal — to him seemed to be a

ingly, at the next sunset, Mictantecle slipped away from his
village, never to return.

Without any guidance whatsoever from his Sire — who
was, somewhat predictably, of Clan Gangrel — it took
Mictantecle months to discover the abilities and limitations
that his new form had given him, and years after that to
discover his true nature. For the first year or so, he subsisted
purely on the blood of animals, even though he felt almost
overwhelmingly drawn to taste the vite of the mortals he
sometimes saw moving through the nighttime forests which
had become his home.

His first taste of human blood — and his first Frenzy —
came when he felt himself drawn to approach a fishing
village very much like his home. The fishermen and hunters
were sitting around the cookfire, singing and telling folk
tales very much like those Mictantecle grew up with. Ap-
parently he came too close, because two hunters reacted to
his presence. They must have sensed something moving in
the trees around the village; they took their spears, and came
searching for him. Even though he realized that discretion
would be the best choice, Mictantecle's pride was still
strong, and he refused to back down before their threat.
Instead, he stayed still, expecting them to just pass him by.

Butone of the hunters seemed able to sense Mictantecle's
presence. Unerringly he drew near to the Vampire's hiding
place, and started probing the underbrush with his wooden
spear, Somehow Mictantecle sensed that this wooden shaft
represented a very real danger to him. Fear, mixed with
proud anger, made him leap at the hunter. His initial
intention was solely to disarm the man, but so fast were the
hunter's reaction that he sensed the Vampire's leap and
swung his spear around fast enough to tear Mictantecle's
side. The pain—coupled with hunger —triggeredaFrenzy.
Mictantecle tore into the hunter, breaking his bones and
drinking him dry, then hunted down and drained his partner.
When he emerged from Frenzy, Mictantecle found himself
gore-spattered and sated. Horrified as never before by the
true nature of what he had become, he slunk off into the
night.

Setting Out

It took Mictantecle years to come to terms with his "life"
as one of the Damned, years during which he tried to track

down the stranger who had been his Sire. Perhaps his Sire,
as is the way of the Gangrel, had intended to return to meet
Mictantecle when he had "matured" as a Kindred. But
something had obviously prevented this, for Mictantecle
never saw the stranger again. Occasionally the Neonate was
sure he "heard" distant echoes of his Sire's mental speech,
but he was never able to track them down.

As a mortal, Mictantecle had never felt any desire to
travel; for him, the meaningful universe consisted solely of
the oceans and forests around his village. In his new form,
however, his curiosity about the greater world about him
steadily grew. Perhaps the Gangrel heritage had something
to do with it, but whatever the reason Mictantecle became a
wanderer. It took him decades to cross the region that would
eventually be Canada. On the Atlantic coast, he met for the
first time more of his kind — other Kindred derived from an
unnamed ancient who had somehow made the perilous
crossing from Europe. These Kindred were of very different
mortal backgrounds from Mictantecle, and none were of
Clan Gangrel. For these and other reasons, Mictantecle
never felt comfortable with them. He did, however, leam
much more about the nature of the Damned; he also gained
considerable skill at learning new and different languages.

After a decade or two, he heard the wild geese calling
again, and continued his wandering — south, this time. He
Started his journey making good speed, but as years turned
to decades, he began to slow down. Even though he felt little
kinship with the Atlantic coast Kindred, now he found
himself missing their company. There were no Kindred in
the areas through which he travelled — or, if there were, he
did not find them. Buthis pride was still strong, so he pressed
on.

By the time he reached the Gulf Coast, Mictantecle had
been a Vampire for almost two centuries. Even though his
body showed no sign of aging, in his soul hehad begun to feel
ancient. But still he continued.

His journey took him across a river that would centuries
later be called the Rio Grande, and south into Mexico.
Again, there were no Kindred, and Mictantecle began to feel
he would always be alone. In retrospect, he realized during
this period that his solitude — in terms of those of his kind
— had unhinged his lonely mind.

Incentral Mexico, near what would become Veracruz, he
encountered an Indian tribe calling itself the Huastecs.
There were no Kindred among him, but by now even the
company of mortals seemed of great value to him. His
vaguely formed intention was to live among them, learning
their language, and pretending to be one of them.

Unfortunately for him, the Huastecs had some previous
experience with Vampires. (Presumably, another of the
Kindred had passed through this region in the past, and the
Huastecs stillremembered the depredations of this creature.)
Somehow the priests recognized him for what he was, and
brought down upon him the wrath of the whole tribe. By
night, volunteer warriors willing to die dogged his steps; by

The Wanderer 21

day, the women searched for whatever Haven he had scraped
outfor himself. Itwas only through sheer luck that Mictantecle
managed to survive. More cautiously now, he pushed on
south, and then turned northwest onto the Yucatan penin-
sula.

Arrival

By this point, Mictantecle's sanity had definitely fled. In
retrospect, he may well have developed a death wish, be-
cause he showed himself to the natives of the region — the
Mayas — and even demonstrated his true nature to them.
Had the Mayas been like the Huastecs, he would have been
destroyed. As it was, however, they welcomed Mictantecle
among them, revering him for his powers, seemingly un-
concerned about his dietary predilections. In later years,
Mictantecle could not recall his first decade among the
Mayas, or his "ascension" to the state of godhood ...

Thus the Mayas quickly came to worship the Vampire as
a god —a cruel and terrible death god, of course, but a god
nonetheless. They were unable to pronounce his true name,
and so bastardized it into Mictlantecuhtli (Mikt - Jahn - te -
kut' - li:), and it was as Mictlantecuhtli that he would
thereafter be known. He tried to explain to them where he
had come from, but his grasp of the language was still
incomplete. His explanation of having come from the north
was misinterpreted as his having come from the north star,
and this tradition continued despite his attempts to change it.
(in fact, this misunderstanding was perpetuated and
overgeneralized such that many later legends describe all
Mayan gods as having come from the stars.)

The Vampire had arrived in the Yucatan just before the
beginning of what historians class as the Old Empire of
Mayan culture. He was able to see civilization rise around
him to heights that his contemporaries among the People —
now all long dead — could never have even imagined. The
town in which he had settled, called Tzental, grew into a
great city, and the priests raised pyramids and temples
dedicated to the great god Mictlantecuhtli.

Slowly Mictlantecuhtli's sanity returned, and he realized
that his existence in Tzental was as close to paradise as one
of the Damned could expect. He was revered as divine,
which meant that anything he wished was acceptable simply
because he wished it. He never had to hunt; each night, if he
wished it, the priests would bring him a Vessel on which to
feed, and on the night of the new moon they would bring him
two score or more sacrifices from among his worshippers.
His priests and his worshippers were obedient to his every
wish. Interestingly enough, he discovered that his priests
were actually highly skilled in the occult arts.

Blood Magic

Although the priests of the Mayas specialized in forms of
thaumaturgy little used by the Kindred, such as fertility and

astrology, they had considerable skill in blood-magic.
Somewhat predictably, Mictlantecuhtli found himself fas-
cinated by their studies, and dedicated himself to learning as
much as he could of their abilities. Most interesting of all,
he discovered that the priests knew a magical ritual, involv-
ing wood ash, pure water, and the heart of a victim, that
seemed to concentrate the potence of a Vessel's blood,
making it even more delicious than usual and endowing it
with mildly narcotic properties.

Over the years, Mictlantecuhtli learned much concerning
the practice of thaumaturgy. Some of the rituals performed
by the priests he could use unchanged; others, however,
required him to significantly redraft the procedures to align
with his Vampiric nature. He recorded his learning and the
results of his research in a codex, a great book in which he
wrote using a combination of Mayan characters and the
simplistic symbols used by the People of his home. Over
time, heresearched and further refined the ritual that increased
the potency of blood, until it became the centerpiece of the
written work that would eventually be called the Codex of
the Damned.

The Stranger, Part II

Even though hissanity had retumed tohim, Mictlantecuhtli
still felt the familiar weariness deep in his soul. This
weariness was only increased when his priests began peti-
tioning him — always in the most respectful ways possible
— to grant them the boon of immortality. For his own
Teasons, he refused to bestow upon them the Embrace,
however. Soon thereafter he discovered that the priests were
performing blood sacrifices of their own, with the obvious
goal of achieving immortality without the intercession of
their "deity." Mictlantecuhtli found this inexplicably ag-
gravating, and swore to himself that he would never Em-
brace the priests. Thus he spent his nights restless, with no
one he considered an equal, no one he could respect and no
one who could relieve his boredom.

Then, one night as Mictlantecuhtli studied in his cham-
bers, he felta presence behind him. Turning, he sawa figure
more horrid than a corpse leaning against a stone wall. Then
the same "mind speech" which his master has used and he
himself had leamed rang out in his head.

"You are the Wanderer," it said. "Others have spoken of
you with respect. I would learn what it is they found so
fascinating. Talk to me."

Every night fora month the two spoke. At first overjoyed
by the opportunity which had come from nowhere,
Mictlantecuhtli soon found the other's thoughts worrisome,
The Nosferatu (for that is what he called himself) spoke of
agreat war among the Kindred, a war between goodandevil.
When the Nosferatu asked him to come fight on his side,
Mictlantecuhtli knew fear for the first time since fleeing the
Huastecs. To be caught in such a Jyhad was the only thing

22 Awakening

"hecould picture worse than his isolation. Thus he plotted the
‘death of his new companion.
Tt came on the night of the Mayan sacrifice to him.
Micilantecuhtli presented the newcomer to his worshippers
_ asanother god, and demanded that they both have sacrifices.
 Mictlantecuhtli drank first and, when the Nosferatu bent to
fake his victims, leapt at his throat. The battle was as quick
asitwas deadly. Mictlantecuhtli had ensured his visitor was
thirsty before the sacrifice, and he managed to channel the
power his own recent feeding had given him. Soon
Mictlantecuhtli heard bells tolling, and then it was over.
Overcome by the Rebirth, he fled back to his chambers,
where he spent the remainder of that night, as well as the next
12.

The Weariness

After the first night, Mictlantecuhtli found the glories of
the Rebirth fading from his memories. He felt stronger in
body, but his act against one of his own kind left him feeling
far weaker of spirit. Additionally, when he finally found the
strength to leave from his chambers, he discovered the story
of what he had done was being spread among the Mayas by
his priests. They told the people he had slain a demon who
had come to destroy them. Horrified that his act of infamy
and treachery against one who had offered him friendship

had becomea legend of good versusevil, Mictlantecuhtlifelt °
his hatred of the sycophantic priests grow. As a form of
revenge against them, he Embraced several of the peasant-
farmers who worshipped him, thus snubbing his priests.
These Neonates were totally and unquestioningly loyal to
him, but so constrained were their minds by tradition that
they could never give their "god" the friendship he wanted.

Over a period of several years, Mictlantecuhtli experi-
mented with drinking the vite of his Neonates, even going
so far as he full practice of Diablerie. (He felt few qualms in
taking from them the immortality he himself had bestowed,
and the Neonates themselves would gladly do anything for
him, even die.) He also experimented with "enhancing"
their vitae using the thaumaturgic ritual he had developed.
Over time, he discovered that this ritual had even stronger
effects on Vampiric vite than it did on human blood. As
usual, he recorded his results in his codex. Although he was
of course unaware of it, Mictlantecuhtli's research had
elucidated many of the principles on which the Ritual of the
Bitter Rose would eventually be based.

The Lupines

During this period, Mictlantecuhtli discovered that there
were other inhuman creatures in the region — not Kindred
such as himself, but Lupines. Perhaps it was because
Mictlantecuhtli had never been taughtabout the "traditional"
enmity between Vampires and Werewolves, or perhaps it
was his Gangrel heritage. Whatever the reason, he estab-
lished amicable and respectful relations with the Lupines of
the region. In fact, over the decades, the tribes of Lupines
came to consider Mictlantecuhtli as their liege, and even
paid the city of Tzental tribute!

The stability of having an immortal "divine" ruler strongly
benefitted the city of Tzental. It climbed the ladder of
civilization faster than anywhere else in Mayan territory;
and, as other Mayan cities began to slip downhill around AD
600, Tzental remained at the apex of culture. By this time,
however, Mictlantecuhtli had been a Vampire for over six
centuries, and his soul-weariness was becoming intolerable.
He needed to sleep.

In the year 615 he made his decision. He would sequester
himself away in the pyramid that bore his temple, and enter
Torpor for a century or two. When he rose, he expected that
he would feel rejuvenated. His people, his tributary Lupines,
most particularly his loyal Get—all bowed to his will. After
all, he was a god, and if a god wanted to sleep beneath his
temple for hundreds of years, who were they to say anything
against it? The priests resisted, but Mictlantecuhtli solved
that problem by decreeing that they would share his centu-
ries-long sleepas well ... butonly after he'd Dominated them
into magically warding his Haven.

Mictlantecuhtli's Get begged to share his sleep too, and he
gladly granted them their request. After all, when he was

The Wanderer 23

Teady to arise he would have to have someone loyal to him
available to feed him the vitz he needed to revive.

And so it was on Midsummer Night, 615, with great
ceremony, that Mictlantecuhtli the God of Death descended
into special chambers beneath his temple prepared specially
for this purpose. He was accompanied by his willing Get,
and by his less-than-willing priests. At the hour before
dawn, the great stones were moved into place to close the
entry. And Mictlantecuhtli slept.

Tzental Falls

Over the next decades, the travails that had caused the fall
of the cities elsewhere in Mayan territory also affected
Tzental, and the great city slipped back from its peak. For
centuries the stories of "the Sleep of Mictlantecuhtli" con-
tinued, and the inhabitants of the Tzental region awaited his
return,

But Mictlantecuhtli did notreturn. Around the year 1000,
the New Empire arose, but the new growth of power failed
to affect Tzental. The great city began to decay, and the
forests encroached on its wide plazas and triumpharies.
Slowly but surely the people moved away, until the relent-
less jungle had totally conquered the great city. By the time
the Conquistadors arrived in the 16th Century, Tzental had
been forgotten, and the god Mictlantecuhtli had become a
figure of myth and legend, with no more reality than other
Mayan deities like Kukulcan, Quetzalcoatl and Itzamna.

To this day, Mictlantecuhtli sleeps, presumably undis-
turbed. Virtually the only thing that hints at the truth of the
legends concerning the "god" is a scrap of poetry, translated
from the Codex Tro (an old Mayan document):

Cold is bone and iron thew,

Old when stone and earth were new,

In chambers measureless and deep,

The Wanderer sleeps his silent sleep

Alone, but not forgot.

Beasts in man-form guard their lord,

Eyes that watch by night (Here the fragment ends].

Mictlantecuhtli
Sire: ?
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Leader
Generation: 4th
Embrace: 51 BC (born 67 BC)
Apparent Age: Late teens

Image: About 5 feet 7 inches, with broad shoulders,
broad head, and very well-developed muscles. His skin is
naturally golden-brown and somewhat leathery. His hairis
shoulder-length, black and straight. His eyes are dark, and
alive with intelligence. As a Gangrel, his appearance in-
cludes animalistic carry-overs from his Frenzies: his inci-
sors and canine teeth are pronounced, his finger- and toe-
nails resemble the claws of a beast, and the backs of his hands
and feet are covered with black pelt that does not look at all
human.

Roleplaying Hints: You speak no modem languages,
but your manner makes it clear that you are used to wielding
power and enjoying instant obedience. You will not hesitate
to fight if you believe your life is in danger.

Haven: The central pyramid of Tzental.

Notes: Mictlantecuhtli's traits reflect the many years he
has spent in torpor. If he survives his encounter with the
characters, add 2 dots to each of his physical Attributes and
1 tohis Perception. His sixth level of Animalism allows him
to communicate with a group of animals as long as they are
of the same species.

Puissant Shield

This level four ritual establishes an invisible kinetic
shield around the caster, at a distance of one foot, which
blocks all inanimate projectiles — bullets, thrown knives,
etc. Such projectiles visibly deflect from the shield. This
shield cannot stop a character — mortal or Kindred — from
closing and meleeing with the caster, nor has itany effect on
amelee weapon (a spear, perhaps) in the grip of an attacker.
Neither will it stop the effects of Thaumaturgy or other
Disciplines. Fire, air, sunlight, water, etc. will all pass
unaffected through the shield.

Establishing the shield requires one minute of concentra-
tion while the caster blows on a strip of cowhide and it lasts
for one hour. Mictlantecuhtli has focused the essence of this
ritual on a hollow crystal he wears ona leather throng around
his neck. All he (or anyone) has to do is blow on the crystal
and the shield will protect him.

Quenching the Lambent Flame

Mictlantecuhtli learned the basics of magical practice
from his priests, but extended their teachings with his own
research, which allowed him to develop abilities more
Suitable to his Vampiric nature. When he was considering
retreating into torpor, he intuitively understood that his
Vampiric attendants — the peasant farmers he had Em-
braced — were of a sufficiently high Generation that they
would be unable to subsist for long on the blood of animals.
Since it was his intention to keep these attendants within the
pyramid with him, as personal bodyguards and servants, he
developed this ritual to solve the problem.

24 Awakening


increases the effective Generation of a Vam-
Blood Pool and all other characteristics are

ritual takes one hour, during which time the subject
¢ motionless — or be immobilized — in the center of
‘drawn with his own blood. If the subject is willing,

oll peered With an unwilling subject, however, an
nielligence + Thaumaturgy roll against the subject's Will-

Ig scm that no Kindred would ever submit will-
ily to this ritual. In point of fact, however, there are some
ges to being of a later Generation — most notably

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6

Social; Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 9, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 7, Brawl 8, Dodge 7, Empathy 6,
Intimidation 8, Leadership 9

Skills: Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledge: Linguistics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Celerity 3,
Dominate 2, Fortitude 5, Potence 5, Presence 3, Protean 2,
Thaumaturgy 5 (Taste of Blood 5, Movement of Mind 5,
Lure of Flames 4)

Rituals: Quenching the Lambent Flame, Puissant Shield,

any others you want him to have.
° Ji yan ata Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
‘society based on power — like Kindred society in Chicago Humanity: 0
_— that Generation and physical prowess is a significant 2
Willpower: 9
The Codex of the Damned

Mictlantecuhtli recorded the details of his

thaumaturgical research in a book that came to be
known as the Codex of the Damned. The Wanderer
kept the codex close to him at all times — not really
from fear that anyone would take it, but simply to
protect it from accidental harm. He also kept its
contents secret.

Many of the priests in Tzental were investigating
blood-magic themselves, trying to finda way of making
themselves immortal like Mictlantecuhtli. They knew
their "god" was exploring realms of thaumaturgy that
might help them, and so they decided to gain access to
the Wanderer's codex. Using their magical abilities,
they brainwashed one of Mictlantecuhtli's mortal aides
into helping them.

Every day for months, when Mictlantecuhtli lay
asleep, sheltered from the burning rays of the sun, the
aide brought the Codex of the Damned to the priests.
Unable to translate the mysteries of the codex directly,
the priests copied it symbol for symbol, so that they
could decrypt it at their leisure. Mictlantecuhtli never
learned that the priests had made a copy of his precious
codex. For their part, the priests were never able to
translate the codex into something they could compre-
hend or use.

When Mictlantecuhtli descended into the pyramid
to slip into Torpor, the mortal priests were imprisoned
in the stone crypt along with him. With the priests
dead, the copied codex passed from owner to owner.
Although they were unable to decipher it, the codex's
owners protected it for generations.

How the codex left the Tzental area is unknown, but
leave it did. Still untranslated, a copy of the codex
appeared in Zurich during the Renaissance. Other
copies — more or less corrupted by repeated sloppy
copying — appeared elsewhere around the world.

Nobody knows who first translated the codex. Some
Kindred believe it was the Seven Elders of Clan Tremere
who managed the feat, using the contents of the codex
to develop the Ritual of the Bitter Rose.

There are thought to be two true translated copies of
the codex still in existence. One, translated into Latin,
is thought to rest with Clan Tremere. The other,
translated into English, has vanished from Kindred
ken.

False translations appear from time to time, attracting
flurries of interest. These false translations are all
useless, however.

The Wanderer 25


Chapter Pour:

Ipvolving the Neonates

Before the Neonates can visit the Tzental pyramid and
encounter Mictlantecuhtli the Wanderer, they must discover
" theexistence of both. Certainly, the Storytellercould simply

tell the players what he or she wishes them to know, then let

them proceed from there. Taking this one step further, the

Storyteller could even begin the story with the characters
already in Mexico, near to the ruins of Tzental. This option
denies both players and Storyteller one of the more interesting
aspects of this story, however: actually getting from wherever
the Chronicle is taking place to the Yucatan without being
unmasked or destroyed along the way. Itis therefore much
more appropriate for a one-shot story that is not part of an
ongoing Chronicle.

Further, if more than one character is to benefit from
performing Diablerie on Mictlantecuhtli, the Neonates will
have to learn about the Ritual of the Bitter Rose. Again, the
Storyteller has several options here. Firstly, she can just
declare that one of the Neonates — probably a Tremere —
has learned the Ritual from his Sire. Alternately, the Sto-
ryteller can allow the Neonates to learn the Ritual from any
of the more powerful Kindred they may know in their home

I couldn' t help it.I can resist everything except temptation.
— Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan

city. A more dramatically satisfying means of allowing the
Neonates to learn the Ritual of the Bitter Rose is through the
Codex of the Damned, discussed in the preceding chapter.
Following is a brief list of ways in which the Storyteller
can introduce the material in this story, and engage the
interest of the players (as well as of their characters).

PLANTING THE SEEDS

In an ongoing Chronicle, it is a relatively simple task for
the Storyteller to drop hints that will, over time, build up into
a body of myth and clues that the Neonates will be unlikely
to ignore or resist. As was described in the chapter on
Diablerie, there are recurring legends circulating throughout
Kindred society concerning the resting places of the
Antediluvians and those Methuselahs who have sunk into
Torpor themselves.Throughout the course of play, the
Neonates should hear a number of these — true and false —
mentioned casually, in passing, or for other reasons by
characters in the Chronicle.

Involving the Neonates 27

One or more of these legends should mention a mythical
Vampire figure known variously as the Ancient or the
Wanderer, who is claimed to have walked throughout North
America over a period of several centuries. Different
tellings of this legend should have significant variations: in
one the Wanderer was destroyed around the time of Christ;
in another the Wanderer is equated directly with Caine
himself; in yet another the Wanderer is said to lie in Torpor
somewhere in Mexico or Central America.

THE Lure or MExico

After the myth of the Wanderer has been firmly planted in
the Neonates' minds, they should stumble across something
thatconfirms the myth's historicity. If you are using Chicago
by Nightas the basis for your Chronicle, then youcan use the
following plotline. If youare not using that supplement, then
this sequence can easily be adapted for any city. There are
three Kindred in Chicago who have heard the same rumors
and myths as the Neonates. Possibly unlike the Neonates,
these other Vampires have determined to their satisfaction
that the Wanderer actually does exist. The three Kindred in
question are all described in Chicago By Night; they are
Johann Weltmann, Erichtho, and Wendy Wade. These
individuals do not know much, just that there is enough
evidence to convince them a Methuselah lies in Torpor
somewhere in Mexico or Central America. They have
checked all the sources of information available in Chicago
— in other words, the sources that the Neonates will prob-
ably seek out — and will have informants (possibly Domi-
nated) in place to inform them if anyone else seems inter-
ested in the same material.

Once these powers have learned the Neonates are follow-
ing the course of their own research, they will probably try
tocontact them. Their major motivation is to discover if the
Neonates have learned anything of value that they them-
selves have missed. They will be extremely subtle when it
comes to finding this out; they do not want the Neonates to
believe they are on the trail of anything important. If the
Neonates know nothing new — which is the most likely
situation —they will then try to convince the young Kindred
that any rumors they may have heard about the Wanderer are
just that: rumors. Again, they will be extremely subtle in
this.

The most likely reaction is that the Neonates will come to
believe that there actually is some truth to the rumors. After
all, if the myths were meaningless, why would important
Kindred like Weltmann, Graves and Wade be so interested
in convincing them not to waste their time?

The Archaeologist

There is one individual in Chicago who knows a lot about
myths and legends concerning Mictlantecuhtli, the God of
Death. Heisa mortal, an old man called Samuel Clearwater,

who lives on 58th Street near the University of Chicago,
Clearwater is the Midwest's premier expert on the Mayan.
culture, and on its folklore. He has researched many myths
revolving around the God of Death, and has become con-
vinced that they must be based on some historical event or
personage. Of course, as a mortal, he knows nothing of the
Kindred, and it would never occur to him to guess that
Mictlantecuhtli was actually a Vampire.

At one time or another, Weltmann, Graves and Wade
have all visited Clearwater, to expand their knowledge of
Mayan folklore. The old man was glad to be of whatever
help he could — not much, unfortunately. All he could do
was confirm to them that there was something interesting —
historically and mythographically speaking — about
Mictlantecuhtli.

If the Neonates are serious about investigating Mexican
folklore, they will eventually be referred to Clearwater.
Although most "conservative" historians believe the old
man to be eccentric to the point of senility, they cannot deny
that his knowledge of such matters is encyclopedic.

The most logical tack for the Neonates to take is to contact
Clearwater by phone, and arrangea meeting. He will answer
simple questions to the bestof his knowledge over the phone,
but if the Neonates ask more complex questions, he will
insist they visit him so that he can show them certain entries
from books in his library.

Unfortunately for the Neonates — and for Clearwater
himself —Wendy Wade has been keeping a close eye on the
old academic. She will know that the Neonates have con-
tacted him, and will decide that it would be best all around
if Clearwater were not available as a resource for the player
characters.

When the Neonates arrive at Clearwater's house, they
find him dead — stabbed through the heart with a Mayan
ritual dagger from his collection. When Wade killed him,
she did not drink his Vitae, so there is no direct physical
evidence that a Vampire did the deed. The Neonates can
leam a little more by using the Psychometry power of
Auspex on the dagger. The difficulty is 5, and the number
of successes the character rolls determines the amount of
information gained, as follows:

1 success At the time that Clearwater last touched
the dagger (when it was driven into his heart) his aura was
mottled, rapidly shifting between violet, brown and silver,
indicating a mixture of fear, confusion and sadness.

2 successes The owner of the dagger was Samuel
Clearwater himself, age 72.

3successes At the time of his death, Clearwater was
confused: he thought he was alone in his house, when a
figure seemed to appear out of nowhere and stabbed him.

4 successes The character receives a mental "snap-
shot" of theevent, The individual who killed Clearwater was
awoman, buther features are very indistinct (Clearwater did

28 Awakening

not have time to notice more). Her eyeteeth are slightly
extended, indicating she may well have been a vampire.

Ssuccesses Clearwater acquired the dagger on a trip
to the Chichen Itza ruins in the Yucatan.

Note that the only important revelation here is that
Clearwater was killed by a Vampire.

Again, the fact that someone is trying to stop the Neonates
from learning more about the Wanderer should confirm to
them that there is actually some truth to the myths and
legends they have heard.

If the Storyteller wants to make life a little more interest-
ing— and challenging — for the Neonates, the police can
arrive on the scene scant minutes after the Vampires reach
Clearwater's house (Wendy Wade called in an anonymous
report of the academic's murder). The Neonates will have to
be quick if they want to avoid getting arrested for killing
Clearwater.

If they take the time to search Clearwater's house, they
will find a photocopied tract from a research book lying on
the hall table (Clearwater copied this to give to the Neonates
when they arrived). It is the fragment of poetry from the
Codex Tro quoted at the end of the last chapter. Scrawled
beneath the fragment, in Clearwater's handwriting, is the
notation:

Wanderer = Mictlantecuhtli

AT |

FURTHER RESEARCH

This should give the Neonates something more on which
to base their research. The next step might be for the
Neonates to hit the libraries or the on-line data sources. With
the hint from the Codex Tro to guide them, they should have
little difficulty digging up further information. Neonates
with any Skills that incorporate some research-related
components — such as History, Computer, Investigation,
etc. — would be able to find in a library or on-line database
the fact that the Mayans had a death god by the name of
Mictlantecuhtli (this would require a Skill check with a
difficulty of four). A little more digging (another Skill check
with a difficulty of five) would turn up a description of the
"mythical" god Mictlantecuhtli that would seem to imply
that the real subject of the myths was actually a Vampire.
Further research — and yet another Skill check, this time
with a difficulty of 6 — would reveal that worship of the god
Mictlantecuhtli was at its peak during the Old Empire of the
Mayan civilization, and centered around the city of Tzental
in the Yucatan, the ruins of which have yet to be found. At
the Storyteller's option, further research —ina wide number
of different areas, requiring considerably higher difficulties

Involving the Neonates 29

—could give the Neonates further clues as to the exact
location of Tzental.

THE STRANGER

The Neonates can gain further clues about the resting
place of the semi-mythical Wanderer from a new Kindred
who comes to town. He is a stranger, known to no one in
Chicago (or in Gary, for that matter), and nobody has the
faintest clue as to his origin. He initially avoids all contact
with any of the Chicago Kindred, eventually making careful
—almost furtive —contact with the Neonates while they are
pursuing their research into the Wanderer and the Yucatan.
It seems that the stranger has learned of their interest in the
topic, and wishes — like Wendy Wade and the others — to
leam how far their work has progressed. Unlike Wade et al,
his intention is not to prevent them from reaching their goal,
butto actually help them ... and, perhaps, receive some help
in return.

Initially, the stranger will do whatever he can to discern
the Neonates' progress — and motives for proceeding —
without telling them anything about himself. After he has a
rough idea of how far they have gotten, however, he will
introduce himself as Sheaffer, and tell them that he has
information that may be valuable to them in their search. He
will try to arrange a meeting with them the next night at his
temporary Haven, a rooming house in Evanston. The
Neonates will almost certainly press him about what he can
tell them. He will not divulge anything right away, insisting
that they meet him as he requests; he will tell them, however,
that he has personal evidence that the object of their search
actually does exist, and that he knows the Wanderer' resting
place. He will tell them no more. Although the Neonates
mightnot believe it at first, Sheaffer's circumspect behavior
does not hide some covert plan. In fact, he fears for his very
existence.

The Codex of the Damned

Comes to Chicago

As mentioned in the preceding chapter, there is thought to
be one correct copy of the book in which the Wanderer

©)

wD 97) FH,

Gay

recorded his thaumaturgical research. In point of fact, itis"
now in the possession of the Vampire who calls himself
Sheaffer. He purchased it from another Kindred who was
unaware of its value; who had in turn received it from a friend
to hold for safe-keeping. This friend was sent to the Final
Death under mysterious circumstances, so Sheaffer's con-
tact kept his possession of the Codex secret to all but Kindred
he trusted. Sheaffer has, so far, been unable to retrace the
path of the Codex beyond the first two links of the chain,

A Malkavian with some theoretical knowledge of Thau-
maturgy, Sheaffer has analyzed the text. Combining the
Codex's contents with mythical descriptions of the Ritual of
the Bitter Rose, Sheaffer has reconstructed the research that
Jed to the original development of the Ritual. He has added
his conclusions to the book as marginalia written in a tight,
precise hand.

Sheaffer has no intention of ever performing the Ritual,
He has no desire for power or advancement; all he cares
about is the advancement of knowledge.

In addition to the contents of the codex, Sheaffer has tried
to divine its origin. Although multiple translations and
paraphrasing have pressed much of the "cultural subtext"
from the work, Sheaffer has found enough clues to convince
him that the original was written in ancient Mexico or
Central America. He believes, although he is not totally
certain, that the writer was a Mayan — perhaps priest. The
marginalia he has scrawled in the Codex contain these
conclusions as well.

Sheaffer has come to Chicago to continue his research.
He learned that Samuel Clearwater was reputed to be the
person who could best help him out. Unfortunately, as
described earlier, Clearwater was killed (If the Storyteller
decides not to involve the Neonates in that complication,
Wade killed the academic to prevent him from speaking with
Sheaffer, and the characters may have learned about it
through normal news sources.). Furthermore, Sheaffer has
come to realize that he is being followed. It is obvious that
his "shadow" is one of the Kindred — nobody else could
manage it — and he concludes, quite reasonably (although
incorrectly) that the Vampire on his trail also murdered
Clearwater.

Sheaffer

Sheaffer is a Malkavian, and so suffers a major derange-
ment. Fortunately, perhaps, his derangement is Intellectual-
ization, which does not prevent him from functioning in
night-to-night life. In fact, the derangement is only a slight
exaggeration of Sheaffer's mortal personality.

He was fascinated by knowledge in all its forms, but
history and philosophy held special fascinations forhim. He
would have happily spent his entire life researching some
piece of esoterica far beyond the grasp — or interest — of

30 Awakening

e. Unfortunately, he was foolish enough to wan-
wrong part of Los Angeles, and was cut down in
shooting. The last person he saw before his
‘was a strangely-dressed old man with wild eyes and

Power and wealth are nothing, except when they can
toenhance discovery (e.g., to buy new books). He
‘destruction, but mainly because the Final Death would
an end to his researches.
Sire: ? (awandering Malkavian, never known to Sheaffer)
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1944 (born 1910)
_Apparent Age: Mid 30s
Image: A short, slender man with thinning sandy hair.
__ Behind thick glasses his eyes look weak and watery.
Roleplaying Hints: You are much more interested in
knowledge than in anything else. You have learned that
sometimes it is valuable not to let on everything you know
... but you have never learned how to conceal it.
Haven: No permanent Haven in the Chicago area.
Temporary Haven is a cheap rooming house in Evanston.

The Diabolist

In fact, the Vampire following Sheaffer is a Brujah called
Pietr, a dedicated Diabolist driven by a lust for power. He is,
strictly speaking, 12th Generation, but he has advanced to
become effectively Ninth Generation by drinking the blood
of Elders. He learned about Mictlantecuhtli the Wanderer

a
he AMiribut 5
Physical Social Mental
‘Siro 90000 Chartam e000 Teneptin se000
Dexerty e000 Mant so000 Seoee
‘Stamntna_ 20000 Appearance ee200 Wiis 20000
fe a Abilities:
Talents ‘Skills Knowledge
‘Acting 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Ireanemcy___ 00000
: 0000 Huet ‘0000
Sent peoee | Pca eevee
Dag eeo0 Nee
iy 0000 | Mink
Totten 000 Reval
Leadership-———o0000 Secu
= feoo00 Stealth
Sibertge 0000 Suva feovon Scene eeeeo
ea
Advantag. =
Disciplin Backgrounds Virtwes
"Reo wieee0o, outs eeee0 Conscience, 99900
—<——— ‘coeoo Sovoe  SclfControl___see00
<== .c0c00 ————— covce Cage 0000
e—— =>
fe-Other Traliseee fe Tlumanityeee tee Iealth
eeeee > Ind
S888 ee eeeeevvn Lp
——— ove AG
00000 teem Willpower eet ‘Wounded 5
2 Mauled 4
toe —Combai—aet- © © 0 0000000 Ciypied § 0
=e DOCGOOOOOO frewnetioted 0

stee=Lxperienceneet

ste=Dlood Poolmme
0000000000

‘Autiace YP) Aes 19 Discince:} Dacroon $ Vitex 7 Freie Pine 15 (7)

from his own sources, and immediately travelled to the
Yucatan to drink the Antediluvian's Vitae. As it was,
however, he was defeated and almost destroyed by
Mictlantecuhtli's defenses. Among other injuries, he bears
hideous scars from the claws of one of the Wanderer's loyal
guardians. He came very close to the Final Death at that
point, and just managed to flee. Unfortunately, he did not
manage to keep his sanity intact. He suffers from an
Obsession with tracking down the Ritual of the Bitter Rose
and learning to perform it. When hecan do so, Pietrbelieves,
he will be able to increase the potency ofa Diablerie victim's
Vitae, giving him enough power to go back and destroy the
Wanderer. (This is not particularly logical, but Obsession
rarely makes much sense. In fact, of course, he is focussing
on his search for the Ritual to avoid dwelling on his close
brush with destruction in Mexico, and his overwhelming
fear of facing it again.)

Pietr has learned that the Codex of the Damned may
contain enough background material for him to learn how to
perform the Ritual of the Bitter Rose. He has also learned
that an English translation of the Codex is in the possession
of a Kindred named Sheaffer, and that Sheaffer has come to
Chicago. What better opportunity to acquire the Codex?

Involving the Neonates 31

Dead End

If the Neonates go to Sheaffer's rooming house as
arranged,they find a horrible sight awaiting them. A body
lies in the middle of the floor, burnt totally beyond recognition,
with a blackened and charred stake still protruding from his
chest. It is, of course, Sheaffer himself. Evidently someone
immobilized Sheaffer with the stake, then left the curtains
open so that the rays of the morning sun would destroy his
body. The room has been torn apart, as though someone
were searching for something. There is no way of discover-
ing whether they found it or not. (In fact, it was Pietr, looking
for the Codex. As it turns out, the book was not in the room,
and Pietr was foiled.)

The Neonates might investigate the scene of the crime.
The room's door is locked, but the window is unlatched and
slightly open, The room is on the third floor of the four-story
building. Climbing into the window from below or above
would have been difficult for a mortal, butrelatively easy for
a Vampire.

Ifa Neonate tries Psychometry on the stake, the difficulty
is 6. They can discover the following information:

1 success The subject — Sheaffer's killer — has an
aura of pale purple and green (in other words, an angry and
obsessed Vampire).

{= VAMPIRE:
Pietr

"Adiribute:
Soctal
Chartana
Moniplation
Appearance
Abililies:
Stalls Knowledge
Antal Ken, 00000 00000
Dave 000 rr

Mental
Remeplion. 29000
weligence

2000 Wilt

x
t

Virtues
Cnecience___s8000

SelEControl, 20900

00000 Conwnge. see00

x
Fee 5 od
HeeOther Traltsre  Fee—Lumaniy—eet -f—Tealth ae

=

woses eee ev00000

sfeme—Combat—aret-
a es

Htere= Willpower mot
eeeceee0v00
ooooooo0000

Incopnettated! O

sFere=Lxperiencemeet
"toe Dlood Poole :

0000000000

‘Nuits 7180 Abies: 119 Diwipline: 3 Uacronie 5 Viwex: 7 Teabie Foa 15 (AZ)

2successes The subject is Pietr— male, and oral
years old.

3successes The subject was thinking of great gain, of
how he would get what he most wanted once Sheaffer was
out of the way.

4successes The subject climbed in the open window
last night, stunned the surprised Sheaffer with a blow to the
head, and then staked him so the light of dawn would fall on
him.

Ssuccesses The subject picked up a piece of wood on
the street and sharpened it into a stake.

Pietr

Pietr will say nothing about his background; in fact, he
suffers from traumatic amnesia after a run-in with a
Methuselah several decades ago. His greatest goal, with
which he is Obsessed, is acquiring the Codex and learning
how to perform the Ritual of the Bitter Rose.

Note that Pietr has performed Diablerie on a Seventh
Generation Elder within the last six months. The Neonates
may well be able to detect this "taint" on his aura, or
otherwise sense that he is a Diabolist.

Sire: ?

Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Visionary
Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1907 (born 1880)
Apparent Age: Late 20s

Image: A muscular man of average height with black
hair and dark eyes. His head and face are hideously scarred.

Roleplaying Hints: You never let on everything you
know. You are a master at subtle hints, insinuation and
leading statements,

Haven: No permanent Haven in the Chicago area.
Temporary Haven is a condemned church.

32 Awakening

The Codex

‘Two days after Sheaffer's death, an envelope arrives in
the mail at one of the Neonates' Havens. The envelope is
from Sheaffer, and contains both the Codex and a map of
Mexico. In fact, on his last day of existence, Sheaffer
believed that the Vampire following him was planning him
harm. Itseemed logical to the scholar to protect his research
from theft. He knew nobody he could entrustit to in Chicago
...exceptfor the Neonates. His plan, of course, was toregain

the book from them when things had settled down. Thus, the
Codex was not in Sheaffer's room when Pietr came to call.

The Codex includes Sheaffer's marginalia as described
earlier. On the map, a line has been drawn between two cities
in the Yucatan — Campeche on the west coast of the
peninsula, and Chetumal on the east coast, right on the
Guatemalan border. Near the middle of the line is a black
dot, next to which is scrawled the word "Tzental". This
should be the final clue the Neonates need to locate the
Haven of Mictlantecuhtli the Wanderer.

Involving the Neonates 33


Chapter Five:
Che Pyramid

This chapter describes Mictlantecuhtli's Haven and its
various defenses — living, unliving and inanimate.

PHYSICAL LOCATION

; Mictlantecuhtli's pyramid is located in the center of the
ancient Mayan city of Tzental. In the centuries since
Mictlantecuhtli went into Torpor, Tzental has been forgotten
by historians and by the natives of the region. After
Mictlantecuhtli's disappearance, the city was deserted, and
soon thereafter it was swallowed by jungle so thick that the
tuins cannot be spotted from the air.

Tzental is located almost exactly halfway between the
towns of Campeche, on the west coast of the Yucatan
peninsula, and Chetumal, on the east coast, right on the
Guatemalan border. Both towns have airports, if the Neonates
decide to risk travelling by plane.

There are no roads through the jungle that lead to Tzental.
The nearest settlement is the small town of Dzitbalchen, in
the Campeche province. From Dzitbalchen, Tzental is a
tough 35-mile hike through jungle so dense that machetes
are absolutely required to make any progress whatsoever.
Neonates would be well-advised to hire — or Dominate —
native guides to help them find their way tothe city. Survival
skill will be of vital importance; even though Vampires will
be largely unaffected by conditions that could kill mortals,
the journey to Tzental will still be an incredibly difficult and
taxing one.

Protection is not only dead, but damned.
— Prime Minister Disraeli, Life of Disreali

Travelling the Jungle

The jungles of the Yucatan which surround the lost city of
Tzental are heavy going for any traveller. For the Kindred,

The Pyramid 35

who cannot travel by day, the journey can be even more
arduous,

First, navigation is a significant problem. There are no
landmarks, and it is almost impossible to navigate by fol-
lowing topographic features like ridge-lines. Even with a
compass, it is frighteningly easy to become lost, simply
because the direct route is frequently impassable due to
heavy concentrations of trees and underbrush. Travellers
must frequently detour from their route, and are sometimes
led miles out of their way.

Second, the undergrowth is frequently so thick thata route
must be hacked out using machetes. Travellers often find
that their rate of progress decreases to one mile per hour or
even less. Even where conditions are better, speeds greater
than four miles per hour are almost impossible to attain.

Then there are other risks. Predators like jaguars prowl
the jungles at night. Although they will only rarely attack
Kindred once they have recognized them as such, predators
will sometimes leap from the trees above onto passers-by,
and inflict damage before the beasts realize that their prey is
actually something unnatural.

If the Kindred have managed to protect themselves from
the rays of the sun — by the Invulnerable Weakness ritual,
perhaps — the high daytime temperature of the jungle still
poses a significant risk. Vampires have no need to drink
water, and most are incapable of doing so. This means that
they cannot sweat normally to moderate their body tempera-
ture. Unless the Kindred can find some other way of
combatting the heat, protracted exposure to high tempera-
tures causes them to lose both Strength and Dexterity tem-
porarily.

When the temperature is above 100° F — which it
frequently is in the Yucatan — a Vampire can normally
survive unscathed for as many hours as he has points of
Stamina (If he is engaged in strenuous activity — such as
cutting a path through heavy jungle— however, this "grace
period" drops by as much as half). After this period, the
character loses one point each from Strength and Dexterity
per hour (two points per hour of strenuous activity). If the
character reaches 0 in either Strength or Dexterity, he must
immediately sleep. Lost points are regained at a rate of one
— in each of Strength and Dexterity — per two hours of
sleep. This sleep costs the Vampire a Blood Point just as
does normal sleep.

Tue City or TZENTAL

Atits peak, the city of Tzental housed 10,000 people, and
covered several square miles. Most of the buildings were
wood or light stone construction, and have not survived to
the present day. The center of the city was reserved for the
priest class, except on days of important ceremonies when
worshippers were allowed to fill the central concourses.

The "temple region" was centered around the Pyramid of
Mictlantecuhili, from which four wide avenues extended
along the cardinal points of the compass. Around the central
pyramid were smaller pyramidal buildings: the Pyramids of
the Sun, the Moon, the Earth and the Sky.

Tzental has been totally swallowed by the forest, so the
city is invisible from the air. The paving stones of the four
cardinal avenues have been broken up by centuries of plants
growing through them and tree roots spreading beneath
them, but the radial layout can still be discerned. All of the
pyramids are covered in vines, moss and other growth,
making them appear as large, green alluvial humps. The four
minor pyramids are 200 feet high, and their square bases are
200 feet ona side. The Pyramid of Mictlantecuhtli is 300 feet
high, and 300 feet on a side.

The Subordinate Pyramids

The four "subordinate" pyramids are built along standard
Mayan lines. Their cores are rubble and broken limestone,
faced with stone blocks. They once had small temples,
shrines and altars atop them, but they have no internal
chambers.

As with most Mayan pyramids, these were created in two
major steps. First, the builders created a huge pile of earth
and rubble in the approximate shape they wanted the com-
pleted pyramid to take. Then they constructed the outside of
the pyramid using slabs of stone as facing. This stone was
transported to Tzental from quarries many miles away. The
stone facings on the pyramids are only two or three feet
thick; beneath the stone is rubble. Thus, Mayan pyramids
are very different in construction from the Egyptian pyra-
mids, which are built from huge blocks of dressed stone.
Unlike Egyptian pyramids, the Mayan constructions generally
have no interior chambers, since the standard building
technique does not allow for this.

The facing stone is elaborately carved, with religious
symbols, scenes from myth, and representations of the gods
to whom the temples were dedicated. Over the centuries, of
course, much of the embellishment has been weathered
away. The stone is pitted and discolored, and only the largest
features of the carvings still remain visible.

The Central Pyramid

At first glance, the central pyramid appears to follow the
same design paradigm as the other four, simply on a larger
scale. In fact, however, the Pyramid of Mictlantecuhtli was
builtover and around previously existing stone buildings. In
other words, typical Mayan buildings were constructed from
blocks of dressed stone. When they were complete, rubble
was piled on top of them. Finally, when the pile of rubble and
earth was complete, the pyramid was faced with stone as
usual.

36 Awakening

HLYV4 SHL JO dIWVaAd

The Pyramid


These buildings are now chambers and rooms within the
tubble of the pyramid's core. Contrary to most people's
perceptions, the entire pyramid is not networked with pas-
sages and chambers; in fact, only a small percentage of the
space is taken up with rooms. (Of course, the pyramid is 100
yards on a side, so there is a lot of space ...) There is one
ground-level entrance connecting these chambers to the
outside. Details of the pyramid are provided in a later
section.

History of the Pyramid of
Mictlantecuhtli

When the Wanderer first reached Tzental, there was no
central pyramid. Instead, the four smaller pyramids — the
Pyramids of the Sun, the Moon, the Earth, and the Sky —
framed a central plaza. This plaza was used for certain
religious pageants, as well as for sporting events. It was only
after Mictlantecuhtli had arrived — and had been "recog-
nized" as a god — that plans were discussed for building a
central pyramid.

Throughout his journeys, the Wanderer had seen many
fascinating structures: giant wooden longhouses with many
rooms; temples and sanctuaries built into the living rock,
either carved out over decades, or constructed from already-
existing caves. In his still slightly insane state, the "god"
Mictlantecuhtli demanded that his followers build him a
similar sanctuary — a Haven all his own. Although the
construction that their god demanded was like nothing they
had ever done before — a pyramid with internal chambers?
— the people set to with a will. Within several years, the
Pyramid of Mictlantecuhtli, with its hidden chambers, was
complete. The Wanderer took it as his Haven.

As the tide of Mictlantecuhtli's madness turned, he added
new features to his Haven. The ground level he converted
into a temple, a place where the priests could come to meet
with their "god." The smaller sublevel, or basement, he
reserved for himself as his personal retreat.

Circumstances changed for Mictlantecuhtli, and so did
his mind and intentions. He Sired Get — peasants, loyal to
their god—as vengeance against his priests. He also began
to experiment with thaumaturgy, and expanded his skills.
Now the lower level became more than his personal sanctuary;
it also became something of a thaumaturgical laboratory.

Over the decades, a soul-sick weariness fell upon
Mictlantecuhtli, and he began to look on his Get somewhat
differently. Instead of simple symbols of his feelings toward
his priests, now he came to view them as creations — as
tools, as weapons. Tools and weapons must be honed, he
decided. Using his newfound thaumaturgical skills, he
created tests for his Get — tests that would plumb the depths
of their souls and show their true mettle.

No one knows how many of Mictlantecuhtli's Get were
destroyed by his tests. Those who managed to survive them

were refined by the experience — tempered, as a
blade is tempered by heat and cold oil. They
Mictlantecuhtli believed, much more worthy to survive, ;
to serve him.

And then the soulsickness became deeper and
overwhelming. The Wanderer decided that the only logical
choice was to retreat into Torpor and rest. Once more, he
refashioned the interior of his pyramid, this time for the
purpose of protection, of defense. He feared that invaders,
perhapsallies of the Nosferatu, might break into his sanctuary
and destroy him. Initially, his fear was focused on mortals
—warlike nations invading the Yucatan region. Butthenthe
Lupines who lived in the area (discussed below) warmed him
that other Kindred might one day come seeking his resting
place. Using his magical prowess, he created arcane
protections designed specifically to ward his Haven against
those of his own kind.

With the final changes complete, Mictlantecuhtli sur-
rounded himself with his retinue — both willing and unwilling
—and ordered that the pyramid be sealed. Within, in peace
at last, he rested.

—

Lost Cities

Some may wonder why the city of Tzental has never been
found by explorers or archaeologists, or why the natives of
the region have never reported it. There are several very
good reasons.

The jungle in the vicinity of Tzental is exceptionally
heavy —not impassable, but very difficult to traverse. The
City is totally overgrown, making it impossible to spot from
the air (certainly, survey satellites with ultraviolet and infrared
cameras — and perhaps even down-looking radar — could
spot the ruins, but there has never been any reason to train
those high-technology devices on this area of the Yucatan).
Without some very good reason, nobody would consider
struggling through the heavy vegetation.

It is possible that some explorers have stumbled upon
Tzental, but failed to survive to tell their tales. As described
below, there is a small "tribe" of Lupines (werewolves) in
the area, and these may well have killed any mortals who
have wandered into the area.

As for the natives, the entire region of Tzental is considered
an area of extremely ill omen. No one alive today knows
why this taboo might have arisen, but conversely nobody
questions it. The natives simply stay away from this region
of the jungle. Various anthropologists have picked up on this
taboo, but have concluded that the evil omens actually arise
from the fact that the region is a breeding ground for malaria
and other diseases. (Some anthropologists might have
questioned this conclusion and investigated, but — again,
thanks to the Lupines— none have lived to discuss the
matter.)

38 Awakening

THe LupPINES

Centuries ago, when Tzental was at its peak,
‘Mictlantecuhtli established amicable and respectful relations
with the Lupines who lived in the area. The Lupines, in fact,
‘sworea binding oath to protect the interests of Mictlantecuhtli
‘against outsiders (the fragment of poetry from the Codex Tro
hints at this).

Lupines, if nothing else, are creatures of their word.
Although their agreement to protect Tzental from outside
marauders dates from the second century, they still consider
it to be in force today — regardless of the fact that 17
centuries have passed and that Mictlantecuhtli himself has
been in Torpor for over 1,300 years.

During the decline of Tzental, the Lupines transferred
theirloyalty and responsibility from the city to Mictlantecuhtli
himself. There are only two Lupines still in the region —a
mated pair, resembling aged natives — but they believe
wholeheartedly that it is their right and their duty to allow
their liege lord to sleep uninterrupted for as long as he likes.

The Lupines are suspicious of mortals. In the past, when
there were more Lupines in the vicinity, the creatures would
kill anyone who wandered into the region. Now things are

different. Although isolated, the Lupines understand that the
world has changed since their ancestors swore their oath to
Mictlantecuhtli. Channels of communication are almost
magically swift. Before, the world at large would never even
realize that explorers had gone missing in the Tzental region.
Today, however, mysterious disappearances would attract
to the area the very attention the creatures wish to avoid.

Therefore, rather than killing mortalson sight, the Lupines
would watch them closely for signs of interest in
Mictlantecuhtli's Haven. If they were to evidence any such
interest, the Lupines would try to lead them away or perhaps
drive them off, all the while being very careful to make the
events as unremarkable as possible. Only if no other option
was open would they slay mortal explorers, and even then
they would try to find some way of avoiding notice. (Perhaps
they would drag the bodies elsewhere, leaving them to be
found. This way, anyone following up ona "lost expedition"
would conclude that the explorers died elsewhere, thus
diverting attention from the Tzental area.)

Kindred visitors, however, are a totally different case.
Their agreement with Mictlantecuhtli has not diminished the
Lupines' traditional enmity toward Vampires, and the
creatures would gladly destroy any of the Damned who
stumble upon this place. The Lupines would gladly destroy
one or two Kindred who reached Tzental; if the creatures
believe that they could overpower a group of Vampires, they
would attack and fight to the death.

Although they consider the discharge of their oath more
important than their lives, the Lupines are realistic. If there
are more Kindred than they can defeat, they will use other
means. In human form, they will approach the Kindred, and
volunteer to serve as guides ... and then, of course, lead them
far from Tzental. Alternatively, they may carry on guerilla
warfare against the explorers, destroying their camps, kill-
ing their guides and porters, and generally doing whatever
they can to drive the Kindred off. If they can, they will split
up the group, and attack any stragglers. If intruders enter the
pyramid, the Lupines will not follow, but will set up an
ambush and await their reemergence.

Although relatively primitive, the Lupines are not stupid,
and should representa very real danger to the Neonates when
they visit Tzental. The Lupines will use stealth to observe
the actions of the Neonates, possibly learning where they
have set up their temporary Havens. Since the Lupines are
able to operate by daylight, the easiest way they have to
destroy the Vampires is to find them in their Havens during
the day!

The Lupines of Tzental are the descendants of Mayan
peasants, and retain that appearance in human form. They
live a simple existence in the Tzental region, frequently
engaging in banditry. They each have a bolt-action hunting
rifle and a handful of shells. The Lupines speak Mayathan,
the traditional language of the Mayas, as well as pidgin
forms of English and Spanish. Refertothe Vampire rulebook
for more information on Lupines.

The Pyramid 39

{>= VAMPIRE ——}
Lupines

x

Law 00000

Virtues

Disciplines "
Conecience____98000

‘eoeeee
00000

SclfControl____see00

Conny seoee

Fee ot

Fee Humanity—eh teal

Beet =

eeeeevv00
cS: Ht 40

inet 2
Wounded 3
Mauied 4 O
Crippled &
Irenpociiated 0

Aoe= Willpower

eveceeee0
oooo000000

‘00000
seme—Combat—mone

[Reve [nies] arog

store=Experience mat

are

‘Aue: 780 Abies: LYS Deipins: 3 Rackgrome 3 Vote 7 Pesto Foi: 15 C70)

stee=Blood Poolmmet
0000000000

Lupines

Image: About 5'6", squat and powerful, with cinnamon-
colored skin and black hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't speak English well, and
you hate Vampires!

Itis conceivably possible that the Neonates might capture
a Lupine and interrogate him or her. Under suitable ques-
tioning, a Lupine might be forced to admit that the great god
Mictlantecuhtli — an ancient Vampire — lies in Torpor
beneath the central pyramid of Tzental. The Lupine suspects
that there will be fairly elaborate defenses to protect the
sleeping Mictlantecuhtli, but cannot even begin to speculate
on their nature.

Vampires and mortals have come to Tzental before,
presumably seeking Mictlantecuhtli. In all but one case, the
Lupines drove them off or destroyed them. Less than a
month ago, one Vampire, accompanied by a ghoul, managed
to get by them and enter the central pyramid. The Lupine's
oath prevented them from following, so they waited outside
for the pair to reemerge. Reemerge the Vampire did...
fleeing as though the very devil were at his heels. He was so
torn and mangled as to be almost unrecognizable. His aspect
was so hideous that it shocked the Lupines into inaction for
long enough for him to make his escape (This intruder is

Pietr, the Diabolist described in Chapter 4.). The ghoul
never re-appeared, and the Lupines assume that he has been
destroyed.

‘When they approached the central pyramid, the Lupines
found that the intruder had removed the heavy stone blocks
that closed the entrance. They replaced these to block the
portal once again.

THE PYRAMID OF
MICTLANTECUHTLI

Unless otherwise specified, all walls within the pyramid
are of the same dressed stone blocks that face the outside of
the pyramid. The floors are paved with flat slabs of the same
stone. Ceilings are about twelve feet high (unless otherwise
specified), and walls are about a foot thick (refer to the rules
in the Vampire rulebook; breaking through such a wall
would require a dice pool of 13).

There isno artificial light within the structure (of course!).
In general, the air is still, dry and musty, about 70° F (day and
night), and redolent with the odor of decay — mainly
vegetation, but with a trace of something else.

Entering the Pyramid

There is one entrance to the chambers within the pyramid,
halfway along the northern side of the base, at ground level.
Mostof the pyramid is covered with tangled lianas and other
plant growth; this webbing of vines has been torn away from
the area of the entrance.

The entrance itself is a square doorway, 10 feet high but
only three feet wide. Large cubic blocks of stone have been
piled like children's blocks to close the entrance. There are
eightsuch blocks, each about two feet ona sideand weighing
1,500 pounds. The blocks are positioned in such a way that
there are gaps between them; these gaps range from less than
an inch wide to about six inches,

Refer to the Vampire rulebook for rules on feats of
strength. Of course, the Neonates do not have to dead-lift the
blocks; there are many other ways of removing them, but
they will take time — time the Kindred may not have if they
are being attacked by Lupines, for example.

The Mayas never learned how to build arches, either for
doorways or ceilings. Instead, they created overheads by
stacking blocks of stone in a step-wisé manner; the blocks
offset toward each other on each layer until they finally met
at the top. This led to high ceilings and doorways, with
narrow rooms and doors. Most surfaces were carved showing
naturalistic and mythical figures of people and animals. On
the outside of the pyramid, these carvings have largely
weathered away. Within, however, they are untouched by
theelements. Inside Mictlantecuhtli's pyramid, the carvings

40 Awakening

9b

&
The Pyramid

: st


depict Mayans at work and at worship. A recurring motif
depicts priests, with elaborate headdresses, holding large
goblets. (These, of course, contained the blood of human
sacrifices.) There are no direct representations of the God of
Death, Mictlantecuhtli, except as specified below. Some of
these carvings were embellished with red and green dyes,
but over the years the colors have faded. All stone surfaces
are medium grey — rough and gritty.

The interior of the pyramid is claustrophobic, even with
the high ceilings. The floors are earth or stone. Much of the
stonework is covered with moss and lichen-like growth.

A Note on Frenzies

Any Kindred is going to find the exploration of an ancient
pyramid — particularly one that is haunted and the Haven of
a Methuselah — a frightening and emotionally-charged
experience. The Neonates will be under extreme emotional
tension, making it significantly more difficult to resist
Frenzies. To reflect this, increase all difficulty numbers for
resisting Frenzy by one (This increase has already been
taken into account in the difficulty numbers quoted in this
chapter. For potential Frenzies caused by other events not
specifically described below, the Storyteller should keep the
penalty in mind.).

Ground Level

1. Entrance Corridor

The portal from the outside is only three feet wide;
immediately within, however, the corridor widens. In the
light of the Neonates' torches, the floor seems to writhe and
shift. After a moment, the characters realize the corridor is
home to dozens of rats. These rats will try to avoid the
Vampires; the Vampires, for their part, may want to use the
rats to sate their hunger.

2. Mosaic

A mosaic of incredibly intricate design covers the south
wall. Using multi-colored stones, some little larger than
grains of sand, it illustrates how the city of Tzental looked in
its heyday. Above the central pyramid is a depiction of the
"god" Mictlantecuhtli, a dark-haired, dark-skinned man
drinking from a golden goblet. The liquid in the goblet is
dark red, and could be either fine wine or blood.

The intricacy of the mosaic is such that no human could
ever have constructed it; itis obviously of Vampiric creation.
The mosaic is so intricate, in fact, that it can have a hypnotic
effect on Kindred. Any Vampiric character who so much as
glances at the mosaic must make a Willpower roll against his
or her Perception + Auspex (the difficulty for Toreadors is
two higher). Ona failed roll, the character is entranced by the
mosaic and will remain motionless, staring at it in wonder,
until he is dragged away by companions, or his view of the

mosaic is blocked. On a botch, the character will be
catatonic; this condition will last for 10 minutes after t
character can no longer see the mosaic.

The mosaic was originally created by Mictlant
Get. Its hypnotic qualities are a consequence of the level
detail, not something that the designers strove to achic
from the outset.

3. Cleansing Fonts

Each alcove has a stone font that used to contain pure"
water. Now they contain dust, rat skeletons, and the bloodless
bodies of one or tworats. The fonts are carved from the same
igneous rock as the rest of the pyramid. They have square
bases, and stand about three feet high. Shallow, circular
depressions have been carved into their tops. When the —
pyramid was used as the temple of Mictlantecuhtli, priesis —
and Mictlantecuhtli's Get would use the water here to
ritually cleanse themselves before passing deeper into the
chambers.

4. Priests' Room

There are six perfectly-preserved male bodies, lying
peacefully on the floor. All are dark-skinned and dark-

42 Awakening

, wearing short linen robes. So well preserved are they

‘look as though they might just be sleeping. In fact,
aclose examination will show that all have been
of blood through wounds in their throats. These are
of some of the priests who Mictlantecuhtli de-
‘would share his repose in the pyramid.
0 of the priests, while alive, had such powerful wills,
upon death their spirits remained to haunt this room.
Their hatred of their god — who denied them the boon of
ortality, and who in fact decreed that they should die
he went into Torpor — remains, and has grown over
the centuries. Now, however, their hatred has generalized
and turned to madness. They hate and envy the living — or
who can still move freely and experience the world.
Driven by this undying hatred, they will fall upon any
intruder — mortal or Kindred — who enters, gibbering and
screaming their hatred all the while.
"These spirits are totally incorporeal, appearing as trans-
parentapparitions. They havea "touch" attack which allows
them to drain Willpower. They attack with seven dice
against the victim's Wits + Dodge. Every success drains one
Willpower point from the victim. If the victim has Fortitude,
the drain can be resisted by a Courage + Fortitude roll with
atarget of 9. For every success, one less Willpower point is

The spirits cannot be harmed by any attack, whether
physical, mental or magical. The only way to destroy the
spirits is to burn their physical bodies to ashes. Instead of
fighting them, the Neonates can simply avoid them by
leaving the room; the spirits have bound themselves to their
bodies and unable to leave the room, even to pursue the
objects of their hatred.

In life, the priests spoke only Mayathan, and have had no
opportunity — or desire — to learn any other language since
their deaths.

5. Dart Traps

Each symbol represents a square slab of thin stone on the
floor of the corridor. The stone has been covered with a thin
layer of dirt and soil, making it difficult to notice they are
different from the rest of the corridor (characters may make
a Perception + Wits roll against a difficulty of 7 to notice the
stones). If a weight of more than 80 pounds is applied to the
stone, the trap is triggered. Ten sharpened wooden darts —
each about six inches long, and wickedly barbed — are fired
from holes in each wall, creating a lethal "crossfire" in the
corridor. The holes are small, less than 1/4 of an inch in
diameter, and are worked into the carvings on the wall to
make them harder to spot. Noticing the holes requires the
characters be studying the walls and make a Perception +
Wits roll against a difficulty of 8.

Acharacter who triggers the trap by standing on the stones
will be struck by 2-20 darts, each of which has a damage
rating of 1. The target of these darts can only dodge if he or
she has previously spotted the holes in the walls (whether or
not the character has realized their significance), After they
hit, the darts combine to do their damage. Thus, if acharacter
was hit by 10 darts, she would take 10 dice of damage.

Once the traps have been triggered, they cannot be reset.
Obviously, since the stone slabs — the pressure sensors —
are only 10 feet wide, the easiest way to avoid the traps (for
Kindred, at least) is to jump over the area.

‘These traps were installed long after the remainder of the
pyramid was completed. In fact, they were among the final
additions to the structure, created just before Mictlantecuhtli
retreated into his Haven to slip into torpor.

6. Pool of Blood

In the center of the room isa shallow pool surrounded by
alow stone lip a foot high. When the civilization of Tzental
was at its peak, blood drained from human sacrifices was
brought here and poured into the pool as a symbolic offering
to Mictlantecuhtli (symbolic because the "god" rarely if ever
drank the Vitae so delivered). Mictlantecuhtli appreciated
the symbolism: the life-blood of his worshippers brought
here into the heart of his temple.

One of the results of the Wanderer's thaumaturgical
research was a ritual designed to prevent the putrefaction of

The Pyramid 43

blood. Mictlantecuhtli used this blood-magic to make the
symbol of the pool of blood eternal.

Over the centuries, however, the power of the magic has
faded. There is still blood in the pool, to a depth of three or
fourinches. However, ithas partially putrefied: the top half
inch has decayed and dried into a red-black crust. Beneath
this protective crust, the rest of the blood is protected from
oxygen and hence from putrefaction. The crustis brittle, and
will crumble if any weight of more than a couple of pounds
is applied to it.

The presence of the blood has filled the room — and only
this room — with the rich, strong smell of vite. It is so
intense that any Neonate with 5 or fewer Blood Points must
make a Conscience roll against a difficulty of 7 to avoid a
Madness Frenzy. If the crust is broken to expose any of the
fresh blood before the characters enter the room, the diffi-
culty increases to 8.

Characters are free to replenish their Blood Pools from the
pool of blood; there is more than enough blood here to sate
several dozen Neonates. (Trying to take the blood out of the
room — in a canteen, for example — will not work. The
magical preservation is limited to this room alone. As soon
as the blood leaves this room, its age catches up to it and it
instantly putrefies.)

$= VAMPIRE"

7. Robing Room

It was here the priests of Mictlantecuhtli robed them-
selves before conducting ceremonies in his honor. The
entire western wall is a sheet of silver metal polished to
mirror-brightness. A spell has been cast on the metal mirror
so that any Kindred who looks in it will see not his own
image, but the image of the Beast within him: a hideous, red-
eyed, slavering monster with blood-dripping fangs. Any
Kindred viewing herself in the mirror must make a Con-
science roll against a difficulty of 6 or lose one point of
Willpower. On a botch, she loses one point of Humanity,

This "revealing mirror" was one of the major psychologi-
cal tests Mictlantecuhtli used to "temper" his Get. Since they
saw their Beasts every time they robed for a service, they
could never forget their true nature. With repeated exposure,
however, the psychological trauma — the cause of the
potential Willpower loss — diminished. Eventually, theGet
were able to face their Beasts undismayed.

The mirror also has an effect on mortals. A human who
looks in the mirror sees himself as a decaying corpse —
again, a representation of his true nature. This reminder of
mortality was a cruel jest that Mictlantecuhtli's mortal
priests had to face whenever they robed for a ceremony.

8. Mosaic Room

All four walls of this room are covered, from floor to
ceiling, with intricate mosaics and Mayan hieroglyphic

Anto

x
+

Virw

Coneedence

Sel Control 90000

Conmage 0000

a 9

Fo-Other Traitsre — Foe—Tlumanitymee AH eal

° @000000000 Baie =O

tet 40

yfwed 2-0

0000 tame Willpower aot Wounded 3 0
4—Combat——t- © © ©0000000 Gaia * 5
gooooooo00 Ineapneitated

sFoe=Experiencemse
"t—Blood Poolmt

‘Asia 757 Abii 1905 Dipl: 3 Dokaroode'$ Vie: 7 Fete Few 15 72M)

44 Awakening

‘The intricacy of this work is nowhere near as great as
in area 2, so the hypnotic effect does not recur. If a
leonate can read the hieroglyphs, they relate the history of

" Theroomis occupied by a single ghoul, Anton. This is the
‘Poor creature who accompanied Pietr the Vampire into the
pyramid. Pietr was badly mauled by Mictlantecuhtli's de-
fenders, but the attendant Vampires did not destroy this
ghoul. Instead, they have allowed him to cower within the
" depths of the pyramid, fearing the sounds of their move-
‘ments. (This, they decided, was an even crueller punishment
_ forhis trespasses than destroying him.)

‘The ghoul was already slightly insane when he accompa-
nied Pietr to Tzental; now he has lost all touch with reality.
Tn the weeks since his arrival here, he has felt the pangs of
hunger for both food and blood as the potence of Pietr's
bloodin his veins has begun to fade. He knows, instinctively
through his madness, that unless he drinks the Vitae of a
Kindred again soon, he will become fully mortal once more
... and then he will die. He is too afraid of the Vampiric
attendants of Mictlantecuhtli to attempt to feed from them,
but any other Vampire who enters the pyramid is another
story.

Ifthe Neonates' have lights or make noise, the ghoul will
be warned of their approach, and he will hide himself around
the corner just within the room. As the Neonates approach,
he will fling himself upon the closest character and try to
drink his or her blood. The ghoul is by now so insane that he
will fight until he is destroyed.

Anton

Image: A wild-eyed man in torn clothes, hair awry,
gibbering with fear, madness and bloodlust.

Roleplaying Hints: Scream wildly, and attack the Neo-
nates in a frenzy.

9. Fire Traps

The dotted line diagonally crossing each corner is a
tripwire three inches off the ground. If the tripwire is pulled,
a square, barred cage — seven feet high and open at the
bottom — drops from the ceiling, trapping within it the
character who triggered the trap. The cage has a large stone
slab on top of it and weighs approximately 1200 pounds,
requiring a dice pool of 9 to lift it. Bending the bars — to
allow the victim within the cage to escape — requires a dice
pool of 6.

Once the cage has fallen, the floor beneath it bursts into
magically-created flames. These flames start at about 6
inches in height, and increase in height by one foot each tum
until —after the seventh round — the cage is filled with
flame. The fire lasts a total of ten rounds, then vanishes.

The victim in the cage must make a Stamina + Fortitude
roll to resist damage from the fire, against a difficulty of 5.
On turns one and two, the fire inflicts one wound per turn; on
turns three through five, it inflicts two wounds per turn; and
onturns six through 10 it inflicts three wounds per turn. Note
that this is aggravated damage.

Apart from the damage — which is deadly enough — the
situation of being trapped within a fire-filled cage is im-
mensely terrifying to a vampire (or to anyone else!). Each
turn, the victim must make a Courage roll against a difficulty
of 8 or enter a Terror Frenzy — a potentially lethal devel-
opment, since a victim in Frenzy can do little to save himself!

Obviously, once the trap has been triggered, it cannot be
reset. Again, as with the dart trap, the easiest way to avoid
the danger is to notice the tripwire and step over it. The fire
traps were installed immediately before Mictlantecuhtli

went into Torpor to protect him from those who would
invade his Haven.

10. Mirrors

The dotted line crossing the corridor represents a floor-to-
ceiling mirror of metal, polished on both sides. The mirror
issix feet wide ina 10-foot-wide corridor, meaning that there
is a gap of two feet on either side — enough space for
individuals to slip by. The metal is soft, and bullets will

The Pyramid 45

penetrate it (successful damage dice are reduced by 10),
(Note that the mirrors are intended merely as aggravations
for the Neonates, and were originally intended to give the
pyramid's defenders warning as to the invaders' location,
Now itis quite likely characters will open fire on lights they
see ahead of them — unaware that they are their own lights,
reflected in the mirrors — thus wasting precious bullets.)

11. Pit Trap

This is another 10-by-10 foot pit, 10 feet deep, concealed
by a magical illusion of floor. Characters watching the floor
ahead gain a Wits + Occult roll against a difficulty of 8 to
notice that the image of the floor shifts slightly, somewhat
like a mirage. The illusion vanishes as soon as a material
object passes through the plane of the floor.

As soon as an object weighing more than 100 pounds
lands on the floor of the pit, a cubic block of stone justa little
less than 10 feet on a side is released from the ceiling,
Theoretically, this stone should drop free, instantly crushing
anyone inside the pit, and completely filling it. Over the
centuries, however, earthquakes have shaken the pyramida
little out of alignment. When the block is released, it falls
about four feet, then stops with a loud grinding noise,
dropping rock dust into the pit. The block is too heavy to
remain stuck like this for long, however. The Neonates have
two turns in which to pull one or more of their number out of
the pit; at the end of the second tum, the block of stone falls
free and slams into the pit. The top of the block is approxi-
mately level with the corridor floor.

A 10-by-10-by-10 block of stone weighs on the order of
90 tons. Any character caught beneath this block when it
falls is Extinguished, and any equipment they may be
carrying is unrecoverable.

12. Shrine of Friendship

When Mictlantecuhtli reached his agreement with the
Lupines, the treaty was sealed with the exchange of items of
value to both sides. Mictlantecuhtli bestowed upon the
Lupines items of worked gold, which the werewolves have
secreted somewhere safe. In return, the Lupines gave to
Mictlantecuhtli four huge emeralds.

In this room there are four stone pedestals, carved from
the same grey rock as the rest of the pyramid. Each pedestal
bears an emerald the size of a man's fist, each of which is
worth approximately $200,000 to the right buyer.

Mictlantecuhtli placed the gems on display here largely as
a reminder to his followers of the binding treaty with the
Lupines. He also thought they would serve to remind his
mortal priests that there was more to the world than they
knew, and that he had ties to forces they did not understand.

Further, the gems represented yet another test — for both
his Get and his mortal priests. Obviously, the gems were
incredibly valuable, and thus a significant temptation. He

46 Awakening

e in finding out whether greed would outweigh
‘of punishment, and prompt his followers to steal the

 Symbolically, Mictlantecuhtli thought it would be fitting
ch lapse in self-control were punished —at leastin part
further loss of self-control, to bring home to the thief
enormity of his or her weakness. Thus he cast various
yerful rituals, in the form of a curse, on the stones.
"Anyone who carries one of these stones on their persons for
~ more than six hours is subject to this magical curse.

_ Foramortal, the curse manifests itself as progressive loss
~ ofself-control, leading quickly to homicidal rages with little
~ {ono provocation. For a Vampire, each six hour period the
character keeps one of the stones on her person, she tempo-
marily loses one point of Self-Control. When the character's
Self-Control score reaches zero, she immediately and auto-
matically Frenzies. The character can terminate the Frenzy
by making Willpower rolls as normal, but when the Frenzy
ends she automatically gains a Rage Derangement. Lost
Self-Control points return at a rate of one point per day,
starting the day after the character has disposed of the stone.

it inflicts are considered Aggravated Damage. A character
using Psychometry can learn that this weapon was created by
Mictlantecuhtli himself and bestowed as a gift upon a loyal
servant.

The room and the crypt were constructed as a personal
Haven for Mictlantecuhtli's favorite attendant.

15. "Empty" Room

‘When the Neonates first entered the pyramid, their lights
and the sounds of their movements alerted a Vampire atten-
dant who was in this room to their existence. Using Obfus-
cate, he conceals himself in the northeast corner of the room.
If detected, he will fight to the death to destroy the intruders.
If the Neonates do not spot him immediately, he will follow
them, attacking from behind when their attention is else-
where (pushing one or more characters into the various traps,
for example).

Before Mictlantecuhtli entered Torpor, this room was
used as a small "chapel", a room in which ceremonies of
lesser significance were performed.

B. Robing Room

‘This is another room where the priests of Mictlantecuhtli
robed themselves before conducting ceremonies in his honor.
‘The entire eastern wall is a sheet of silver metal polished to
mirror-brightness. A spell has been cast on the metal mirror
so that any Kindred who looks in it will see an image of
himself consumed in flames, dying in agony. Any Kindred
who views himself in the mirror must make a Courage roll
against a difficulty of 6 or lose one point of Willpower. On
abotch, the character loses two points of Willpower.

This magical mirror was created as yet another way of
tempering Mictlantecuhtli's Get: by facing them with one of
their greatest fears, he intended to develop their courage.

14. Crypt

Inthe center of the room isa low bier of intricately-carved
limestone on which lies a motionless male figure. Like the
bodies in room 4, he is dark-skinned and dark-haired, wear-
inga white linen robe. This figureis, in fact, the most trusted
of Mictlantecuhtli's Vampire attendants (see Dramatis Per-
sonae below for statistics), currently lying in light Torpor.
He is currently down to only two Blood Points, not the four
Blood Points as stated below for the other attendants, and the
scent of Kindred Vitae — whether from wounds suffered by
the Neonates, or just the faint odor secreted by their skin —
will be enough to rouse him. If unfamiliar Vampires —i.e.,
the characters — approach within six feet, he will rouse
instantly and enter Frenzy, falling upon the stranger and
trying to drink her blood. He will continue to Frenzy until he
is destroyed, or until he has drunk eight Blood Points.

This attendant has a knife in a sheath athis hip. This knife
has been imbued with magical powers, so that any wounds

The Pyramid

16. Corridor of Fire

This hallway is magically warded against Kindred. Mor-
talscan pass through it unhindered; when a Vampire reaches


the middle of the corridor, however, flames burst from the
walls in a silent concussion of fire and fill the entire hallway
for a period of one turn. Any Kindred within the hallway
suffers two Health Levels of damage; victims can roll
Stamina + Fortitude against a difficulty of six to resist this
damage. After the fire has been triggered once, the warding
is totally discharged and Vampires can traverse the corridor
safely.

Acharacter with senses heightened by Auspex is entitled
to a Perception roll against a difficulty of eight. If he
achieves one or more successes, he senses an aura of magical
power blocking the hallway, although he gains no more
information about what that power might be capable of
doing. The only way a Vampire can traverse the hallway
without triggering the warding is if he or she is wearing —
not carrying — one of the black stone rings wom by the
Vampire attendants of Mictlantecuhtli.

17. High Priest's Tomb

Lying on a low stone bier in the center of this room is
another perfectly-preserved, dark male figure. This was, in
life, the high priest of Mictlantecuhtli. There is a wound in
his throat, and his body is drained completely of blood.
Around his neck, on a fine gold chain, is a black stone
pendant in the shape of a rayed sun, about as big as a man's
palm. A character who uses Psychometry on this pendant
will sense that it is imbued with faint magical energy,
although the nature of its powers — if any —is unclear. This

Discipline will also indicate that it was the high priest
himself who imbued it with its magic.

During his life, this black sun symbol was indicative of
the man's position as high priest of Mictlantecuhtli. Assuch,
itallowed him to gain entrance to the "god's" Haven on the
sub-level of the pyramid, and this was a matter of great pride
to the man. Even death was unable to eradicate the priest's
pride in what the pendant represented.

If anyone removes the pendant from around the priest's
neck, his spirit will manifest itself as an insubstantial figure,
and attack whoever possesses the pendant. This spirit has a
"touch" attack which allows it to drain Willpower. It attacks
with eight dice against the victim's Wits + Dodge. Every
success drains one Willpower point from the victim. If the
victim has Fortitude, the drain can be resisted by a Courage
+ Fortitude roll with a target of 9. For every success, one less
Willpower point is lost. In addition, the spirit has a three
rating in the Lure of Flames aspect of Thaumaturgy.

The spirit cannot be harmed by any attack, whether
physical, mental or magical. The only way to destroy it is to
burn the priest's body to ashes. Unlike the other spirits in
room 4, this apparition is not bound to this room, and will
pursue the Neonates until it or they are destroyed.

Originally, before the construction of the lower level, this
room was Mictlantecuhtli's personal Haven. As his soul-
weariness grew, he became concerned that other Kindred
might seek him out and attempt to destroy him. Using his
growing Thaumaturgical prowess, he enchanted the Corri-

48 Awakening

2uunig ‘f UeLIg AQ 3661 IYBLAdOD soiydess,

i
:


dor of Flame as a defense mechanism. Since he and his Get
needed free run of the entire pyramid, he created the black
stone rings as tokens of passage to prevent the fire trap from
harming those who had a right to be in the chambers.

Sub-Level

On this level the floors are all packed earth, and the
ceilings are much lower — no more than seven feet. Again,
there is no artificial lighting.

18. Hall of Fear

This room has been enspelled with powerful magics
affecting the mind of any Kindred who enters. As soonas the
characters enter this room, their minds are possessed by its
enchantment. Each character suddenly finds himself alone,
or so it seems; to each character, it appears that the others
have suddenly vanished, and that he is alone in this room
(This will probably require that the Storyteller handle each
player individually, in private.).

Once he is alone, the character is faced by a physical foe
who embodies what the character most fears. The Nature
chosen by the player for the character might well give the
Storytelleraclue. A Bravo might be faced by an even bigger
bully than he is; a Deviant by a representative of authority;
a Plotter by someone who knows all his secrets and will tell
them to the world. If the character's Nature or behavior does
not give the Storyteller a clue, something generic — like a
humanoid being consisting entirely of flame, or one who
burns with the light of the sun — would be appropriate.

No matter what appearance this foe takes on, its Physical
Attributes and combat skills are exactly the same as the
character (although the player should not know this). The
foe immediately attempts to make the character Frenzy, in
whatever way seems the most effective: insults, taunts,
attacks on the character's deepest fears, or perhaps even
outright physical attack. The foe knows everything about
the character, and so knows his or her weaknesses. (This is
because the foe is actually a manifestation of the character's
own subconscious fears and death-wish.)

If the foe enters combat, it uses its teeth and claws. The
character must fight it hand-to-hand; the only weapons
allowed to the character are melee weapons that have some-
how been imbued with magical powers. The characteris free
touse Celerity, Fortitude or Potence (if he has them) to better
his odds against the foe, but neither combatant can use any
other Disciplines.

The character fails the Test of Fear if he is driven to
Frenzy. If this happens, the wounds he suffered are healed,
but he permanently loses one point of Courage. A character
reduced to zero Courage can never again resist a Terror
Frenzy. (This loss is in addition to any consequences of the
Frenzy itself.)

character, and is up to the Storyteller.) Once the |
defeated, it vanishes, and any wounds the characte

porarily gains one point of Courage and one pointof!
ity; these temporary points last for 12 hours, a reward'
character conquering his fear.

Each character must experience this encounter the
time he or she enters this room. From the point of view of
character standing outside the room, watching another
acter, the encounter is invisible and instantaneous. Ont
moment the character in the room is normal, the next
she could well be in Frenzy, with no immediately apparent
precipitating factor.

Obviously, Mictlantecuhtli created this room — and the
Hall of Dark Dreams and Hall of Victims described below—
as part of his campaign to test and temper his Ki
followers.

19. The Jaguar Door

This is a heavy door carved from a beautiful amber-
colored wood. Worked into the door is an intricate carving
of the face of a jaguar. The two eyes are highly-polished
black stones that catch and reflect any light that fallsonthem, —
The work is so intricate and beautiful that the jaguar almost
seems to be alive.

Any character who examines the carving closely must
make a Willpower roll against her Perception (possibly
modified by Auspex). On a failed roll, the character is
entranced by the carving and will remain motionless, staring
at it in wonder, until he is dragged away by companions, or
his view of the carving is blocked. Ona botch, the character
must make a Self-Control roll against a difficulty of five or
fly into a Rage Frenzy. If a character has been entranced by
the carving, the Storyteller should make a note of it.

On the other side of the door, a creature is prowling: a
jaguar that has been turned into a ghoul by the Vampire
attendants (see below). Thiscreature will attack intruders on
sight, and will fight until it is destroyed. Any character who
has been entranced by the jaguar door must make a Courage
roll with a difficulty of seven when attacked by the jaguar
ghoul, or Frenzy. The sounds of combat will immediately
summon the Vampire attendant from room 20 to join the
fray.

The Jaguar

Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Alertness 5, Brawl 4,
Dodge 5, Potence 3, Celerity 2. It attacks physically with a
bite and aclaw attack each turn. In both cases it attacks with
six dice; difficulty is five for bite and four for claws. A bite
inflicts damage 7, while a claw attack inflicts damage 6.

50 Awakening

0. Storage Room
"Once a storage room, this is now used as a Haven by the
attendant to whom the jaguar ghoul is Blood
Ifthe attendant defeats any intruders, it will be here

hee retreats to tend any wounds he has suffered.

1]. The Hall of Dark Dreams

The enchantment cast on this room affects the minds of
"any Kindred who enter it, in much the same way as did room
18. Again, each individual to enter suddenly believes
himself to be alone ...

But only fora moment. Suddenly he is surrounded by
insubstantial images of people from his past who witnessed
‘or otherwise were aware of his greatest failures. Maybe the
shades surrounding him were victims of these failures, or
caused them. In any case, the shades start taunting the
character about the failures, laughing at him and deriding
him, trying their best to totally humiliate him. The character
is unable to do anything physical to stop the taunting; the
shades are completely insubstantial and cannot be harmed in
any way. Any attempt to physically harm them will auto-
matically fail, giving them yet another thing to taunt the
character about.

‘This is a good opportunity for roleplaying. The Story-
tellershould pull embarrassing incidents out of the character's
—~ipast, and ridicule the character's — not the player's —

actions. The ridicule will continue until the character
realizes the shades are playing on her sense of self-doubt,
and decides to steadfastly ignore the taunting, or stands up
for her actions in a forthright and honest way. At this point,
the player should make a Perception + Empathy roll against
adifficulty of 7. On a successful roll, the character tempo-
rarily gains one point of Self-Control; this temporary gain
lasts 12 hours, a reward for confronting self-doubt. On a
failed roll, she permanently loses one point of Self-Control,
and must immediately make a Self-Control roll — using her
new level — against a difficulty of 6 or fly into Frenzy. On
abotch, the character Frenziesand gainsaRage Derangement. A
character reduced to zero Self-Control can never ag
inresist a Rage Frenzy.Each character must experience this
onfrontatio

the first time she enters this room. Again, from the point
of view of a character standing outside the room, watching
another character, the confrontation is invisible and instan-
taneous.

22. Hall of Victims

In this room, Kindred undergo another mental test in
which they mustcome to terms with the many deaths on their
conscience. The set-up is similar to that of the previous
room: each Kindred who enters the room suddenly finds
himselfalone, then an instant later is surrounded by shadowy
figures of his many victims. These insubstantial shapes wail

and cry, blaming the character for sending them to the hell
they currently inhabit. The shades swarm around the char-
acter, buffeting at him and blocking his vision. There is no
way of physically attacking these shapes or driving them off.
They will notlisten to his justifications or his anger, and react
as though they simply don't hear him.

After this has continued for a short time — during which
the player should be encouraged to roleplay his character's
reaction — require a Perception roll against a difficulty of 6
(possibly modified by Auspex). On a successful roll, the
character spots the figure of a child, standing motionless just
beyond the chaos of the swirling shapes. This child, staring
wide-eyed and fearful, looks exactly as the character did
when he was a child. The character must now make a Wits
+ Empathy roll against a difficulty of 6. If the roll is
successful, the character realizes that — in some way — this
small figure is the child that he once was, frightened and
horrified now by what he has become. The child needs to be
accepted and welcomed, the character senses.

It is up to the player how his character responds to this
child. If he reacts in any accepting or nurturing way —
hugging it, speaking soothingly to it, greeting it as a lost
friend, etc. — he has passed the test. He temporarily gains
one point each of Conscience and Humanity; this temporary
gain lasts 12 hours, a reward for coming to terms with his
own lost innocence.

If the character fails either roll, or reacts negatively to the
child, he instantly and permanently loses one point each of
Conscience and Humanity, and must immediately make a

The Pyramid 51

Conscience roll —using his new level —againstadil
of 6orfly into Frenzy. Onabotch, the character Frenziesand
gains a Madness Derangement. A character reduced to
Conscience can never again resist a Madness Frenzy,

Each character must experience this confrontation the
first time he or she enters this room. Again, from the point
of view of a character standing outside the room, watching -
another character, the confrontation is invisible and instan-
taneous.

23. The "Black Sun" Portal

The door is heavy and strong, carved out of light-colored _
wood. Carved into the door is an emblem of a multi-rayed
sun (the same symbol as that worm around the neck of the
priest in room 17); this sun symbol is almost three feet in
diameter, and is stained black. Inset into the center of the sun.
is a smaller copy of the symbol, about the size of a man's
palm, made of polished black stone. (This stone symbolis
exactly the same size, shape and material as the priest's
pendant.) Psychometry will indicate to a character that this
stone symbol — but not the door as a whole — is imbued
with magical energy. (If the character has already assayed
the priest's pendant symbol, on a Perception + Occultroll he
can recognize that the patterns of magical energy in both
symbols are virtually identical.)

The door has no handle or doorknob, and is securely
locked from within. There is no apparent locking mecha-
nism, however, and no keyhole. (Thus it is impossible to
"shoot out the lock".) Breaking down the door requires a
Dice Pool of 5 (see page 145 of the Vampire rulebook), but
the commotion will definitely give everyone within room 24
one turn (at least) to prepare for action.

In fact, the door is magically secured, and the symbol that
the priest from room 17 was wearing as a pendant is the key.
Ifthe rayed sun symbol from the pendant is placed in contact
with the similar symbol set in the middle of the door, the door
will unlock and silently swing open. The Kindred — and
other creatures — within room 24 will be surprised and
unable to act for one turn.

This magical portal is the last defense Mictlantecuhtli
Created to guard his resting place. He recognized that when
heawoke from Torpor he would need assistance in regaining
his strength, and so designed a door with a magical lock,
rather than a portal only he could open from the inside.

24. Mictlantecuhtli's Haven

WW The room has a 12-foot-high ceiling, and the floor is

y paved with slabs of the same stone that makes up the walls

| and ceilings. Much of the wall-space is covered with

(3 ) ¥ intricate mosaics. (This is human work, and hence has no
EZ | y hypnotic or magical effect.) The room is lit by two bronze

braziers set on stone pedestals. In the center of the room is
a low stone bier on which lies a sallow-skinned, dark-haired

52 Awakening

figure wearing a long black robe, bedecked with gold jew-
elry; this figure is Mictlantecuhtli himself.

Standing beside Mictlantecuhtli is a Vampire attendant,
wearing the familiar white robe. He has a "black sun"
symbol — like the one worn by the priest interred in room 17
—worn as a pendant around his neck. In addition, he has a
knife in a sheath at his hip. This knife is similar to the one
possessed by the attendant in room 14, in that any wound it
inflicts is considered Aggravated Damage. The attendant
has self-inflicted wounds at his wrists, and Mictlantecuhtli
has blood on his lips and chin.

If the Neonates have opened the door silently, then they
will catch the attendant in the midst of his activity: carefully
feeding Mictlantecuhtli blood from his wrists to re-establish
his own Blood Pool. (This was a dangerous activity, but the
Methuselah managed to avoid Frenzy during the early stages
of the process.) The attendant will be surprised for one tum
when the door swings silently open; on the next turn,
however, he will leap to the attack. The turn after,
Mictlantecuhui will slowly sit up and stare at the Neonates
with eyes that look blood-red in the firelight.

If the Neonates had to break down the door, the attendant
within will be alerted to their presences. As soon as they
open the door, the attendant will fall upon them. On the next
turn, Mictlantecuhtli will sit up and stare at the Neonates.

The stare of a Methuselah like Mictlantecuhtli is a terri-
fying thing to behold, even without factoring in his Domi-
nate and Presence disciplines. This is particularly so since
the Neonates were probably expecting to find him safely in
Torpor when they arrived to drink his vite ...

Presumably, the Neonates will be armed with guns, and
will start pumping rounds into the attendants, As soon as
Mictlantecuhtli sees this and realizes that the strange objects
in the intruders' hands can inflict damage at a distance, he
will establish his Puissant Shield (see Chapter 3) to protect
himself. He will then enter the fray, using his powers to their
besteffect. Each timea Neonate is wounded, Mictlantecuhtli
must make a Conscience roll against a difficulty of 5 or
Frenzy.

If the Neonates manage to defeat Mictlantecuhili, they
can drink his ancient and potent vita.

Mictlantecuhtli wears gold rings, chains, bracers and
earrings worth about $50,000 on the open market. Further,
around the Methuselah's neck hangs a large iron key on a
fine chain. This is the key to the treasure room, room 25.

25. Treasure Room

The door is securely locked. The key to this lock hangs
around the neck of Mictlantecuhtli himself. The door can be
broken down; this requires a Dice Pool of 4.

Within this room are some of the treasures of
Mictlantecuhtli. The walls are painted unrelieved black,
while the ceiling and floor are painted blood-red. Clay
effigies of various mythological creatures stand about the
floor. These range in size from a foot-high representation of
alion-headed dragon toa full-size replica ofa jaguar. Sofine
isthe workmanship that the figures almost seem alive. These
effigies range in weight from about 20 pounds up to several
hundred pounds, and would prove valuable to the right

The Pyramid 53

meeTuneasieeieccuaea ppenare rai vee

fe oo |

oT

I

: te

buyers ... if the Neonates could find some practical way of
moving them out of the pyramid.

On a wooden stand is a large circular plaque of beaten
gold, The plaque is three feet in diameter, and bears a
representation of a Mayan calendar. Weighing about 350
pounds, the plaque is worth almost $2 million dollars.

Mounted on a wooden frame is a finely-woven cloak in
black and blood-red. Psychometry will show that the cloak
is imbued with magical energy. In fact, the wearer of the
cloak can use the power Puissant Shield, drawing on the
power of the cloak and not on the wearer's own Thau-
maturgy skill; in fact, the wearer can use this power whether
or not he has any rating whatsoever in Thaumaturgy. To use
the power, the character must simply concentrate. The
player then rolls five dice — the power rating of the cloak —
against a difficulty of 6. The Puissant Shield lasts two turns
foreach success achieved. If the player fails this roll, he must
then make a Courage roll or fly into Frenzy. On a botched
roll to use the cloak, the character automatically Frenzies,

and automatically gains a Terror Derangement. Obviously,
the cloak is very powerful and extremely useful, but it
represents a very real risk.

The Neonates should be forced to be very creative to get
these "treasure" items out of Mexico. The Mexican govem-
ment has strict regulations about taking archaeological arti-
facts out of the country. While these regulations can be
circumvented — through judicious bribery, for example —_
itis not easy, and could well subject the Neonates to serious
tisk of discovery.

Dramatis Personae

Vampire Attendants
Sire: Mictlantecuhtli
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 13th
Embrace: c. 575 AD
Apparent Age: Mid 20s

Image: Short and muscular, with golden skin and black
hair, dressed in white robes. Each wears a ring of black
stone. After more than a millennium wandering the pyramid
in the dark, they can find their way around perfectly with no
light. (Specifically, they know exactly where the traps are
and avoid them.)

Roleplaying Hints: You don't talk, you just attack
intruders and destroy them or die trying.

VAMPIRE:
Vampire Attendants

Mixibute:

Mental

SeiFControl

Conny

sto Humaniiyat

ee00000000
stom Willpowermeot

eevceeeo00
doooooo000

see Combia eet

ae esate!

pericnceneet

ste=Blood Poole
0000000000

Aina 7A Abi: 0 Dine 3 Race § Vint 7" Fels ene 13 ORAM)

54 Awakening

Conclusion

There can be several interesting consequences of this
i. If the Neonates succeeded in drinking the Vitae of
ctlantecuhtli, then one — or perhaps more, if they used
Ritual of the Bitter Rose — will have advanced in
ion. To have defeated Mictlantecuhtli, they would
have had to destroy or drive away his servitors within
pyramid, which means that there will be no Kindred left
complicate the unlife of the Neonates in the future.
lers can certainly add such complications if they
of course. Some suggestions are provided in a later
section.)
The Neonates might not have succeeded, however. They
might have been driven off, or outright destroyed, by
"Mictlantecuhtli, his servitors and his other defenses. If he
" has not been destroyed, Mictlantecuhtli will continue the
slow return to full activity and power that he has begun.
_ When he feels healthy once more, he will emerge from his
pyramid, possibly with the intention of reestablishing a
Mayan empire in the Yucatan with him as its divine leader
(The Mexican government would not look too kindly on this,
ofcourse. Neither would the Inconnu, since Mictlantecuhtli's
actions would probably be a severe threat to the Masquer-
ade.). If he survives, Mictlantecuhtli's future plans are
entirely up to the Storyteller. Should the Neonates have been
driven off rather than destroyed, they might decide that it is
their duty to see the Wanderer eliminated, and try to gain
assistance from other Kindred they know. A surviving
Mictlantecuhtli can be the center of many future stories.

The Return of Pietr

Pietr, the Diabolist who destroyed Sheaffer in Chicago, is
obsessed with the idea of drinking Mictlantecuhtli's Vitae.
It is possible that he learned of the Neonates' journey to
Tzental, and followed them. His hope in this was that they
would fail in defeating the Methuselah and be Extinguished,
but that they would weaken the Wanderer's defenses in so
doing — weaken them sufficiently for him to finish what
they started.

If the Neonates have defeated or driven off the Lupines
from outside the pyramid, there is no reason why Pietr could
not be waiting in ambush for them to emerge. Even if they

have already destroyed Mictlantecuhtli, Pietr has much to
gain from destroying them — namely, access to whatever
treasure they might have found within the Wanderer's Ha-
ven. If he is waiting in ambush, Pietr will have armed
himself with —at the very least — a powerful hunting rifle.
He could also have hired or Dominated unscrupulous mor-
tals to help him gun down his rivals.

Complications

The Storyteller can make many changes and add count-
less twists to this story. Following are several simple
suggestions that Storytellers can use as "seeds" from which
to build their own complications.

Perhaps other Kindred from their home city are on the trail
of the Neonates, attempting to head them off before they can
drink the Vitae of the Wanderer, or planning to destroy them
should they succeed. The possible motives behind this are
various. The pursuers might be Elders, or even members of
the Inconnu, who wish to stamp outall Anarchs who perform
— or even plot to perform — Diablerie. Alternately, they
may be Anarchs who fear the Neonates will become direct
threats to their plans, or the pursuers might have the same
intention as Pietr: letting the Neonates operate as unwitting
"point men", tripping the defenses of Mictlantecuhtli's
pyramid and then moving in themselves to drink the
Antediluvian's blood. (If Pietr is waiting for the Neonates
outside the pyramid, this could lead to a three-way battle.)

Even after the Neonates have succeeded, the story does
not have to be over. Some of the Kindred from their home
city (especially if itis Chicago) might have figured out what
the Neonates were planning when they went to Mexico, and
could well have passed on their conclusions to the Prince.
The Neonates could return to find a full-scale Blood Hunt
awaiting them. Even if nobody knew beforehand what their
intentions were, if they return to Chicago having drunk the
vita of a Fourth Generation Vampire, many Kindred will
detect the "taint" of Diablerie on their souls, and react
accordingly. The Neonates could well discover that their
efforts have earned them not only an advance in effective
Generation, but the undying animosity of Chicago's entire
Kindred society!

Conclusiom 35

; N
doll

Lritain

By Dustin Browder


Gigantic daughter of the West
Wi
For art thou not of British blood?

Lord Alfred Tennyson, "Hands All Round

drink to thee across the flood


Diablerie: the ultimate thrill ... and the ultimate
crime. Who can resist its tempting lure? Who can
refuse the chance for immortal vitae? Who can sur-
vive even the first taste?

After all, there are even worse things than diablerie
—as many Diabolists have learned too late. Butnow
aprize beyond reckoning is available. What price will
the Diabolists pay for immortal power?


Credits: Special Thanks to:

Written by: Dustin Browder Mark "We'll Put'em Upat Our Place" Reint
Developed by: Andrew Greenberg for bringing together the best and the bright

Edited by: Robert Hatch Stewart "Our Place?" Wieck, for putting u
Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp the best and the brightest.

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Tom Berg, Craig Andrew "Are you a Vampire?" Gree
Maher, Drew Tucker confronting Officer 666.

Art Director: Richard Thomas Ken "Seamy Side" Cliffe, for telling Billall:

Front Cover: Doug Gregory and Sherilyn Van places to go in Toronto.
Valkenburgh Bill "Nova Scoti:

Back Cover: Michelle Prahler lowed Ken's suggestions.
Rob "Etiquette 101" Hatch, for wincing his

through Sugarsmack.

Brian "Crispy Giovanni" Campbell, for whatha

pened to his character in the playtest of this book.

Phil "That's a Feminine Side?" Brucato, for

the Black Furies Tribebook.

Bridges, for how well he

a ga) 135 Punn Nowy Bu.

t 8
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USh

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aon,
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Diablerie and Bloody
Hearts are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved, All characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fic-
tion and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.


Chapter One: Introduction
Chapter Two: The Story of Tiamat
Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons
Chapter Four: The Barrow
Appendix: Notes on the Jyhad



Chapter One:

™~

Introduction

Bloody Hearts is the second book in the Diablerie
ies for Vampire: The Masquerade. This book tells the
ry of Tiamat, a Ventrue Embraced prior to recorded
history. Tiamat is one of the most evil beings on the face of
ihe earth. Bloody Hearts, like the previous Diablerie book,
ilives characters the opportunity to discover the where-
wuts of a powerful Methuselah, enter the tomb where she
slept for centuries, and drink her blood.

All power has its price, however, and the price of
jamat's vitze is very high indeed. Every inch of corridor,
tvery door, every stone of Tiamat's tomb must be paid for in
Diabolist blood. Built centuries ago by a tribe of savage
Britons, Tiamat's barrow is a terrible place fraught with
dangerous traps and powerful magic. Furthermore, Tiamat
harbors an ancient and terrible secret in her breast. Her
secret will only be revealed once she awakens, and then it
may be too lat

Contents

Bloody Hearts contains four chapters and an appen-
dix. This introduction presents the Justicars and their
deadly spies and servants, the Archons. These vampires
hunt Diabolists and others who break the Camarilla's Six
Traditions. The introduction also discusses these enforcers'
methods and the means of catching a Diabolist. Finally,
herein is Madame Guil, a powerful, young Justicar who can

Dreams of war, dreams of liars
Dreams of dragon's fire
And of things that will bite

— Metallica, "Enter Sandman"

appear in chronicles or who can inspire a Storyteller to build
his own Justicar chronicle.
Chapter Two is the story of Tiamat. It describes the

dark road she has.traveled down the ages, one that has

brought her to her barrow. Chapter Three suggests how to
involve the characters in Bloody Hearts and how to get
them to England so they can meet Tiamat face to face.
Finally, in Chapter Four, the Diabolists creep into Tiamat's
barrow and challenge her to mortal combat as only immor-
tals can.

The appendix discusses Gehenna, when the oldest
npires will awaken. When or if this event will ever
happen is a source of much conjecture among the Kindred.
Dr. Mortius, a revered Tremere scholar, shares his notes on
an ancient text that may reveal a fraction of the truth.

Blood Justice

At last! The clear trail of the man. After it, silent
but it tracks his guilt to light. He's wounded —

go for the fawn, my hounds, the splash of the blood,
hunt him, rake him down.

— Aeschylus, Eumenides
In a world of hunters, leopards and jackals, few try to
control the undying appetite. When hunter turns on hunter,
however, all are at risk. Those who dare to hunt cannibal

Introduction


Kindred are the Justicars. Justicars are usually of great age
and power, and their ferocity is unparalleled. Few can stand
against them and fewer still would dare to try.

There are but seven Justicars and they cannot be
everywhere at once. True, the Justicars have many servants.
However, many more vampires seek to violate the Masquer-
ade — or worse, slay another vampire and drink her blood.
The only way for the Justicars to stem the rising tide of
diablerie is to stop these crimes before they happen. The way
they achieve this is through fear.

The Justicars cultivate terror. They wield itasa weapon
and few vampires are more adroit in its use. The coming of
a Justicar is a great event. The prince must quickly patch up
all of his quarrels with the elders and prepare. The elders
must hide all of their little indiscretions. Before a Justicar
arrives, all those mortals in the city who know of the
Kindred are often slain, thus giving the Justicar no excuse to
enforce the First Tradition. Even as the elders hide their
minor crimes, the anarchs prepare for war. Few anarchs have
not committed some crime against the Camarilla and few
are willing to cower and beg forgiveness.

Frequently, the Justicar has come for but a single
vampire or single coterie, and has no interest in any other
crimes. The Justicar's servants, the Archons, are often
enough to handle the breaking of a Tradition. The mere
threat of a Justicar's personal intervention can make evena
prince mend his ways. A Justicar cannot waste her time with
every little infraction of the rules; only capital crimes are
worthy of her attention.

Punishments

Itis through their punishments that the Justicars spread
fear. Justicar punishments are always inventive and cruel.
Justicars are feared not only for their power and age, but also
for their creativity and cunning. Only the strongest vam-
pires can escape the clutches of a Justicar.

Justicars are the prototypical Mikados: the punishment
must fit the crime. It is not enough for a vampire who slays
another vampire to be slain in return. She must be killed in
an inventive way.

For instance, a vampire found guilty of diablerie might
be tied to a table and drained to a single Blood Point.
Various grubs and other larvae, which have been turned
into ghouls immediately prior to metamorphosis (and thus
require massive amounts of food), are then inserted into the
offender's orifices. The hungry vermin proceed to burrow
through the offender's flesh, consuming the Diabolist just as
he consumed his Kindred. The Diabolist takes nights to die
and writhes in hellish agony the entire time. The remaining
flesh and vermin are then burned and fed to the Justicar's
hellhounds.

Punishments suchas the above frighten even the killers
of Kindred, and are how a Justicar maintains a reign of terror
that can cover several continents.

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


ticars often unofficially compete to see who can
creative punishments. Many punishments
nature and often involve trapping or tortur-
wul of the offender. Justicars often decorate
with jewels and stones, and rumor has it that
@ holds the soul of a Diabolist. While this is
itdoes inspire fright.
often use others to torture a Diabolist. For
isrumored that a Justicar once locked a Diabolist
bwith his vampire lover. The two slowly went mad
‘of blood and fought one another. Finally, the
‘slew his lover and drank her blood and spirit.
d from the chamel prison he went mad and
haunting that same tomb for years, gibbering
himself.
ity is the key. You consume another, so you will
|. If you eat the spirit of another, so your spirit
. Ifyou slay the love of another, so you will slay
ve. Thus, the Justicars maintain control and frighten
bmission those who would break a Tradition, par-

atly the Sixth Tradition.

ethods

easiest method to detect a Diabolist is to observe
iura and search for the black, tainted lines. If such an
mis seen, a Justicar may simply pass judgment immedi-
ly. For this reason, most Diabolists do not even want to
aJusticar or Archon face to face.
Aura Perception is not the only means by which a
fabolist can be detected. The easiest and most commonly
"d method is simply to ask. A city's Kindred generally
who the Diabolists are, and most Kindred fear the
enough to tell them whatever they want to know.
effective, this method carries its own dangers.
dred often try to use a Justicar to persecute their enemies
‘ind help their allies, no matter who is guilty or innocent.
To guard against this, many Justicars have learned a
Thaumaturgical ritual enabling them to sense the truth.
Fewother Kindred have learned this ritual, but it is invalu-
"able to Justicars, and it has saved more than one innocent
‘Kindred. Storytellers may wish to add this ritual to their
chronicles, though it is generally recommended only for
Archon chronicles.

The Court

The Justicars often hold courts to pass sentence on
| suspected criminals. Each Justicar follows her own style in
holding these courts, and each court has its own rules and
regulations. Some Justicars hold court in an Old World
style, wherein the prisoner is displayed prominently while
witnesses are arraigned against him. These Justicars rarely
listen to the prisoner.

Other Justicars simply gather information until they
are satisfied and then carry out their sentence on the
offender. At least one Justicar is said to hold courts wherein

Cloak of Blood

Many Licks would give much for a way to conceal
the black stains left on their auras by diablerie. Fortu-
nately, there is a ritual to accomplish this effect: the
Cloak of Blood. It is only a Level One ritual, easily
performed by a neonate, but the ingredients and effort
required make it very difficult. Before the ritual's cast-
ing, the Diabolist must fast for seven nights. During this
time the Diabolist must not drink any blood, for the
Diabolist's heart must be cleansed of tainted vitae. After
the seventh night, the Diabolist inscribes a rune on her
chest, in her own blood (the Diabolist or another may
perform the actual ritual).

Then the Diabolist must take blood from an inno-
cent mortal. The blood must be freely given and not
taken through violence, force or coercion. Deception is
the usual method. This can be very difficult, for the
Diabolist is extremely low on blood at this point and is
likely to go into a frenzy, drinking her fill by force rather
than guile.

Once the vampire drinks the blood, the black lines
in the Diabolist's aura are hidden for a number of nights
equal to the Blood Points taken from the innocent
mortal. If any Blood Points are spent prematurely (to
heal or to enhance Attributes), reduce the effect's
duration by the number of Blood Points spent. If the
Diabolist drinks from another source, the spell's effect is
diminished. No longer are the black blotches invisible,
although the number of Auspex successes required to
detect the marks is still raised by one per remaining
Blood Point.

Needless to say, if diablerie is committed after the
ritual is cast, all benefits are lost and the black lines are
more visible than ever. The use of this ritual itself often
causes Humanity loss, as the deception and possible
death of an innocent are always involved.

True Sight

This ritual turns a vampire into an undead poly-
graph. It is often used by Justicars to catch Diabolists.
Once the short ritual is performed (requiring about five
minutes), the vampire's senses become amazingly en-
hanced, allowing her to hear the slightest quaver in a
person's voice, see the minute twitching of a liar's
mouth, or notice how a liar's eyes blink too much. Once
this ritual is cast, a vampire may double her Perception
Attribute with regard to interpersonal relationships.
These additional dice may be used to negate a lying
vampire's Manipulation and Subterfuge.

True Sight only detects deliberate, willful lies. Ifthe
other party believes he is telling the truth, then what he
says will appear to be true. The ritual detects the state of
nervousness, not whether the truth was spoken.

Introduction

the criminal is innocent until proven guilty, though such
leniency would certainly be a rarity among the Justicars.
The Justicars do not have to hold a court, for they may do
as they please; in many cases there is no trial.

The Spies

In many cases, a trial will only unearth more lies.
Disciplines can be fooled and witnesses can deceive. This is
why the Justicars use Archons. Archons comb the world
searching for criminals and especially Diabolists. Anarch
gangs, which are often filled with would-be Diabolists, often
have an Archon hidden among them. Indeed, entire groups
of Diabolists have slain one another in an attempt to
temove an Archon whose presence was never verified.
More often than not, no Archon is present, but the fear that
one might be present often keeps Diabolists from cooperat-
ing.

"Princes go to great lengths to learn the identities of the

Archon spies in their domains. While diablerie is commit-
ted often enough, the spies usually catch only those who
have fallen out of favor with a prince or an elder. The prince
simply steers the Archon and the Diabolist together, thus
easily and legally removing her enemy.

The Justicars are aware of this weakness in their system,
and are also aware that witnesses lie and that informants
have their own agendas. All methods for catching a Diabo-
list are fraught with error and confusion. Rarely are things

}

WN

as they seem. In the end, a good Justicar relies on
intuition as much as anything else. He must be able tos
into the hearts of the Kindred, past their faces and th
words. Though Diabolists fear a Justicar for many things(
magic, his Archons and his great age), it is his intuitiont

they ought to fear most. }

Hunters of
Hunters

Here is Madame Guil, a sample Justicar a Stot
can use as he sees fit. If he plans to run an Archon chroniek
this group can be used directly. It can also serve asa
group with which the characters can work or against
they can compete. Most Justicars have at least 15 to
Archons and countless informants around the world. Ho
ever, as with all levels of Kindred society, there is ahierarch
Only Madame Guil's most powerful and important Archons:
are presented here; all are Blood Bound to the Justicar, of
course.

Madame Guil - Justicar

She who would become Madame Guil was born to
French peasant. She grew up knowing only hungerand cold),
but neither of these affected her great beauty. When she:

16, she was betrothed to a young craftsman in the next
village. Though she did not know him, he was young and
handsome and she believed herself in love with him. How-
ever, her young beauty did not go unnoticed and she was
seized by the Baron Vollgirre, her feudal lord. He had his
pleasure with her and when he was done, he Embraced her,

It was thus that Madame Guil learned to hate. Baron
Vollgirre planned to keep her to share his eternal existence
— at least until he tired of her. However, she had other
plans. Before Madame Guil could be Blood Bound to her
sire, Baron Vollgirre's castle caught fire and he perished
inside. Madame Guil disappeared from the public eye and
from the history of both Kindred and kine.

Two centuries later, the Revolution shook France,
causing the deaths of thousands of mortals and many Kin-
dred. Anarchs took full advantage of the chaos, rising in
force to destroy their elders. Nothing like the French
Revolution had ever occurred before, and the princes of
Europe trembled, fearing an outbreak of this madness in
their own cities. Bloody mobs filled the streets, killing any
who displeased them. Those who were deemed against the
people, or for aristocracy, or for the rich, or who were
foreigners, became victims.

Most of the elder vampires were aristocrats, of course,
and because the Revolution glorified the murder of aristo-
crats, Paris lost many of its elders, either at the hands of
young anarchs or to roving bands of murderous mortals.

10 _ Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


equent investigations have revealed most of the
behind the Revolution. Anarchs, Sabbat, Setites
share much of the blame. One who has never
jed to the upheaval is Madame Guil, who was instru-
inspiring the Revolution. She was a woman
ith hatred for the aristocrats, and she and her
d followers helped throw France into confusion to
e murder of their elders.
dame Guil was successful. The Revolution raged out
trol and the aristocracy of France, both mortal and
was wiped out. Unfortunately, the Revolution
deven her. The mortals eventually ordered Madame
Ito the guillotine. However, Madame Guil had a ghoul
ble, a young woman whom Madame Guil had twisted
ped through blood, torture and brainwashing. This
having worked as hard as she could for her entire life
ok like Madame Guil, considered it a "far, far better
ng' to take her mistress' place.
"Guil's other allies were not so lucky as she, and most
:destroyed by one faction or another. Unable toend the
wracking the country, Madame Guil was eventually
to come to terms with the exiled Prince of Paris,
is Villon. Together they began to rebuild France.
when the Camarilla began to investigate Paris, look-
for someone to blame, they found Madame Guil
ing the elders she despised. She turned the Archons
her anarch enemies, and watched as others were
destroyed for her crimes.
‘Thus Madame Guil escaped the hands of the Justicars.
They believed her claims that she was rebuilding France and
jing Paris a safe hunting ground again. She gained status
the Camarilla and, without realizing it, actually
ame an elder.
She rapidly grew in power and status. Indeed, when
Gunther, an ancient Justicar, disappeared, she seized the
moment — and his position. Madame Guil gladly became
‘both judge and executioner, a position she had held often
ough during the Revolution and one she secretly relished.
Power has not been kind to Madame Guil. She initially
‘planned to use her position to battle the elders, but has
found herself fighting Diabolists and anarchs far more often.
Indeed, she has been forced to seek out and punish anarchs
. just to squelch constant rumors that she is in their camp —
acharge that could destroy her and all she seeks to accom-
plish.

Madame Guil has become an aristocrat among vam-
pires, for there was little else she could do. The stress has had
acentury to work its poison on her. Her mind has slowly
become unhinged, and she now delicately balances on the
brink of madness.

Ithas been a long, hard battle to maintain her position
and she has not always been victorious. Justicars only hold
their positions for 13 years and Madame Guil has been voted
out of her position by the Camarilla. Only Prince Villon's

continuing support and her own ability to destroy anarchs
have kept her in power. The Jyhad has many faces, however,
and none know what other secret players may control this
powerful pawn.

Guil hunts elders as often as she can, searching for their
failings and exacting hideous and terrible punishments on
those who have violated the Traditions. Her favorite crimi-
nalisan elder who has committed diablerie. The punishment
for such a criminal is Final Death, often by fire, after a
lengthy period of torture —a task she is more than happy to
perform. Against anarchs she is more lenient, though Final
Death is often involved. Anarch crimes she tries to ignore,
unless there is some pressing reason why she must attend to
them.

Her cruelty has become legendary, and some elders are
aware that she has a definite bias against them. This makes
her few friends and limits her abilities as a Justicar. Elders in
a city have been known to band together against her and
protect their own out of sheer principle, no matter what the
crime.

Sire: Baron Volgirre

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1579

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 6, Alertness 4, Artistic Expression 2,
Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 1, Intimidation 7, Leadership 4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Music 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 5, Investigation 6, Law 4,
Linguistics 6, Occult 3, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 2

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 5, Fortitude 3, Potence 3,
Presence 6, Protean 2, Serpentis 3, Thaumaturgy 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 7, Herd 6, Influence 6,
Resources 6, Retainers 7, Status 7

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 8

Image: Though Madame Guil looks like a young girl,
fresh as a spring flower, there is something about her that
makes herseem ferocious. She hasa way of looking at people
as though they are victims. She favors light, flowing dresses
that make her seem waif-like — and allow her free move-
ment in combat. She also has connections to the greatest
fashion houses in France, however, and no one looks better
than she at a formal affair.

Introduction 11

Roleplaying Hints: Smile cruelly. Make everyone afraid
of you. Show no mercy to anyone. The concept of mercy
does not exist for you. You have learned over the years that
battle is the only way to get what you want, and you have the
heart of a soldier. Everyone is the enemy.

Michael Unther - The
Perfectionist

Head of a Prussian regiment, Colonel Unther always
demanded absolute perfection from his soldiers. In the late
18th century, the country of Prussia had the most rigorous
and cruel military in Europe, with severe punishments for
the slightest infractions. The colonel was not a forgiving
man.

Unther was present on May 23, 1802, when Prussia
signed one of its short-lived peace treaties with Napoleon.
At one of the many functions that night, he met Madame
Guil, then gathering support for what she feared would be a
war with the Camarilla. By that time he was nearly 50 years
old, but he had nerves of steel and a stance like forged iron.
She teased him, calling him the "Metal-Man," and invited
him up to her chambers.

Colonel Unther would never have accepted such a
proposal, but there was something about Madame Guil that
was impossible to refuse. She Embraced him that night, and
he became one of her minions. Unther has never quite
forgiven his mistress for the improprieties of that night. He
still struggles between his anger and his Blood Bond.

For centuries he has worked with her, first as a body-
guard against would-be assassins and then later as her
Archon when she became a Justicar. He has made connec-
tions throughout the sect, and his reputation is one of his
most valuable assets.

Unther is a master of detecting deceit and inventing
cruel punishments. He hungers for power and though there
is no question of his loyalty, it is clear that he hopes one
night to become a Justicar himself. Perhaps when his mis-
tress is dead, he might inherit her position. His cruelty is
almost the equal of Madame Guil's own and he is feared by
Diabolists everywhere.

Sire: Madame Guil

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1802

Apparent Age: 45

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Leadership 6, Sense Deception 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Music 2

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 4, Investigation 5M
tary Science 4, Politics 4, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 5, Dominated on
tude 4, Potence 2, Presence 4 f

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 6, Herd 2, Influences
Mentor 5, Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 9

Notes: Unther does not manifest the Toreador we
ness in the same way that most of his clanmates do. Unt
has little use for beauty per se, but can become overwhel
by absolute, perfect order or precision. He may well tumiup
hisnose ata lovely painting, only to weep bloody tears atthe
sight of a perfectly drilled military parade.

Image: Unther is a stern, austere, middle-aged man
with whitening hair and a thick, bristly mustache. He often
wears archaic clothing, He thinks it is the "proper" clothing
for all civilized people.

Roleplaying Hints: You have the appearance of
someone's uncle, but underneath the facade lurks a killer,
Before you were Embraced you were a commander in oneof
the cruelest armies in the world. Being an Archon is little
different. You especially hate anarchs as they offend your"
sense of tradition and propriety.

12 _ Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Hafsa - The Watcher

In order to train their assassins, the Assamites some-
times take their future members just after they are born,
raising and training them in the clan fortress until they are
ready for the Embrace. Once done, the Assamite clan has a
new and powerful member, nearly unstoppable and loyal
until the Final Death.

Orso the clan leaders hope. Hafsa was powerful, but she
was not loyal. The quiet fortress of the undead assassins is no
place fora little girl to grow up. Hafsa had no friends except
for her ancient tutors, and she had no games but exercise.
She was not used as a vessel, as it was forbidden to endanger
her health so, but she saw many others who were brought to
the fortress for that purpose.

As Hafsa grew older, she was denied the company of
other boys or girls, and she was taught nothing but physical
skills: fighting, hunting, hiding and anything else that
would help her slay others. When she was finally Embraced,
she learned what it was to hate. She had always loved
spending time in the fortress during the day, when it was so
quiet and nobody was about. Then she would sneak around,
avoiding the few guards and finding quiet hiding places
among the nooks and crannies of the castle. From here she
could watch the sunbeams make their weary way across the
old, tired stones until the sun finally winked below the
horizon.

Now Hafsa could never again enjoy the days. The sun
burned her like a fire on those rare days she could stay awake.
All her time was spent learning the art of killing and the
science of murder. She grew to hate the clan and once she
had learned enough, she left it. Hafsa fled nearly 50 years
after she arrived, though she looked no older than 22.

Once Hafsa was gone, she was gone for good. The
Assamites searched for her, but she flew far and fast. Hafsa,
having been taught much about the Kindred world, wished
tojoina Justicar and serve the Kindred world with her skills
by uncovering those who, like her Assamite masters, are
killers.

Little did she realize how difficult it was to become an
Archon. She found Madame Guil but the Justicar would
have nothing to do with her. So Hafsa went on a campaign
to convince Madame Guil of her usefulness. After years of
following and watching Madame Guil, she finally presented
Guil with complete documentation of where the Justicar
had been and whom she had been with every night for the
last few years. Hafsa became an Archon.

Hafsa's espionage work is now of a different sort. She
travels across Europe looking for Diabolists and those who
would break the Six Traditions. She isso good at her job that
she can easily watch over several cities at once. She has an
extensive information network and little escapes her no-
tice. She never kills; another Archon is always called in to
do the dirty work.

To this day, Madame Guil is still suspicious of Hafsa.
She has heard rumors that there is a spy among her Archons
and Hafsa is her prime suspect. She has also heard rumors of
an ancient Assamite who is planting his own pawns in
positions of power around the world, for some unspoken
purpose.

Sire: Anji

Clan: Assamite

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1934

Apparent Age: 22

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 5, Melee 5, Stealth 5, Survival 2

Knowledges: Chemistry 4, Computer 1, Investigation 4,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 4, Qui-
etus 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Introduction 13


Humanity: 8
Willpower: 7
Image: Hafsa is thin and wiry, with scraggly black hair.
She is not a pretty girl, but she has a certain charm and
innocence about her. She loves beautiful clothes, having
only had the most spartan of outfits in the fortress. She wears
many different kinds of clothes, but her combinations rarely
match, for she still has little understanding of fashion.
Roleplaying Hints: Be very honest. You are a crusader.
You believe in good and evil and you believe that you are
good. You believe that Madame Guil is good. You know that
others lie, but you can punish them.

Masdela - The Spy

When Kindred go to war, they are accompanied by a
bevy of new Kindred, all Embraced as cannon fodder. Few
of these neonates survive. Masdela, a young Italian smith,
was Embraced for such a purpose.

Masdela was Embraced purely for his strength. Before
he had time to discover what it was to be a vampire, he was
forced into battle with others of his kind. Elonzo, his lord
and sire, was defeated and Masdela was captured while
defending Elonzo's retreat.

Zo

Aftera brief period of torture, Masdela was sealed inside.
acell in his enemies' dungeon and left to rot. He lasted for
a while on rats and other rodents, but soon he entered
torpor. He did not awaken until Elonzo rescued him nearly,
300 years later.

Elonzo knew of his childe's heroism in that last battle
and he also knew of his capture, but the Kindred are ancient
and their plans can take years to come to fruition. Elon
defeated his undead rival in the 19th century. It was then
that he gained access to the castle in which Masdela was
entombed.

Elonzo took advantage of his childe's gratitude and
anonymity, setting him to work right away as a spy andan
informant.

Currently, Masdela is spying on Madame Guil. She uses
him as muscle when she needs a strong arm. He reports
almost everything to Elonzo and Madame Guil suspects
nothing. Madame Guil keeps him around because of his
bravery, fighting abilities and apparent dedication, as well
as his odd ability to discover needed information. In fact,
Elonzo feeds Masdela information to keep Masdela valuable
to Madame Guil. If left to his own devices, Masdela would
never maintain his position.

Sire: Elonzo

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Praise-Seeker

Demeanor: Cavalier

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1543

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Intimidation 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Blacksmithing 3, Firearms 1,
Melee 3

Knowledges: Metallurgy 1, Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Potence 4,
Presence 1

Backgrounds: Mentor 6, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: Masdela was a strong young man when he was
Embraced. He is very handsome, with dark hair and dark
skin to complement his fine Italian features.

Roleplaying Hints: You do your best to be loyal to
Elonzo, and that is your only purpose in the world. The
Embrace has a tendency to consume mortals, leaving them
as nothing but dry husks of their former selves. This has
happened to you. You have not been an awakened vampire
long enough to be immune to this effect, and all your
energies are focused on your lord. When with those who

14 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


believe you loyal to Madame Guil, simply transfer all of that
loyalty to her name, temporarily forgetting your other
allegiance.

Pierre Gedou - The Killer

Pierre was a poor agricultural worker, but he had a
reasonably warm and clean home and a happy, young
family. All this changed when he was 22. Winter was always
the worst time of year for small villages, and that year had
already seen widespread famine. Both his wife and son died
of fever. Pierre knew that cold and hunger had weakened
them. For that, he blamed himself. Pierre knew he was
supposed to be the provider for the family and when they
died, he had failed them. Even worse, he felt as though he
had murdered them through his own inability to find work.

On his way to take his wife and small child to the
churchyard, he was met on the road by Duke Manette, who
according to feudal law owned the manor, the entire village
andall the inhabitants. The duke's carriage crowded Pierre's
broken-down cart, and Pierre marveled at the carriage's
beauty.

There was only enough room for one carriage on the
toad, and the coachman ordered Pierre to pull to the side.
There was no room and Pierre was forced to step down from
his cart and coax his nag to back up, all in freezing weather.
By the time he had managed to find a place to pull off, his
feet, clad in the remnants of what had once been shoes, had
lost all feeling.

The funerals were small pauper burials where the bodies
were wrapped in linen and thrown into a mass grave. Pierre
covered his loved ones with plenty of lye to keep them from
stinking until the grave had accumulated enough corpses to
cover them. By the time Pierre had thrown his wife and son
intothe pit, his feet had frostbite. By the time Pierre had four
toes amputated, he had shifted all his hatred to Duke
Manette.

Pierre gathered his remaining possessions and made his
way to Paris, hoping for work. The poverty of the city far
exceeded that of his native village, and his hatred for the

__ nobility grew to a fevered pitch as he watched the nobles
__ abuse the peasants on a daily basis. Soon he was little better
than a beggar, but then the Revolution came and Pierre had
apurpose. He quickly joined the ranks of the Federalists and
became a ferocious killer.

Though he was not noteworthy in any of the early
battles of the Revolution, he hired on as an executioner and
took at least 20 heads a day. As the bloodbath continued, he
drew the attention of Madame Guil, who made hima ghoul.
She used him as a spy and a tool to watch others. He would
watch the faces of the crowd when he used the guillotine
and see who was joyful and who was grieving. It was a crime
to grieve for a traitor; in this way Madame Guil uncovered
and prosecuted her enemies.

WW

NY
\

NE
S

Z

Pierre Gedou has remained a ghoul through the centu-
ties, perfecting the art of murder and death. He is known as
Madame Guil's hatchet-man. When there is an especially
dirty job to do, he is called. Rumor has it that he will bury
vampires alive after he has drained all of their blood, leaving
them to rot and go mad.

Clan: Ghoul

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Deviant

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 5, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Politics 2

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 1, Fortitude 1

Backgrounds: Mentor 5, Resources 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 4

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 6

Image: A short, squat little man, Pierre resembles
nothing more than a toad. His clothes are always unkempt

Introduction 15


and his hair is always a mess. His fingernails are never cut
and they are almost always caked with blood. He leaves his
hands bloody for as long as possible to get this effect. He is
still missing his toes and he sometimes does not wear shoes,
showing off this gruesome deformity.

The Justicar Chronicle

Roleplaying Hints: You are a killer. Nothing pleases
you more than watching others die by your hands. Keep your
eyes constantly shifting and moving, for you don't trust
anyone. You are uncomfortable with conversation because
you don't know what to say.

There are many advantages to running a chronicle
based on a Justicar and his activities. The players could play
the Justicars' Archons, searching cities all over the world for
Diabolists and other undead criminals. This provides more
mobility than is normal fora Vampire chronicle. It also lets
a Storyteller and her troupe play vampires with a solid group
goal and, possibly, noble intentions.

The Storyteller can control the Justicar and thus exer-
cise a good deal of control over the chronicle, guiding it in
interesting directions. As Archons, the characters will meet
the most vicious and terrible of all Kindred. While Archons
have a great deal of power because they are backed by the
Justicar, they will inevitably face powerful, desperate Cainites
while the Justicar is very far away. A good poker face and
strong negotiation skills will be as useful as physical persua-
sion.

The Traditions are the only written rules of Kindred
society. There are no other laws or regulations. They are
very important and none wish to be caught breaking them.
Archons face only the most desperate of Kindred — those
who have been discovered following the darkest roads in the

16 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain

world of the undead. They are often powerful (or at least
power-hungry) and always dangerous. There is no safe way
to deal with them and no method designed to handle them.
The Archon ison his own against the predators of predators,
with the threat of the Justicar's wrath as his only weapon.

Intrigue will be at least as common as violence, for
many prominent vampires violate the Traditions. Guilt and
innocence are often less important than are the politics of
the situation. Characters should not be surprised when their
investigations turn up a criminal, only to see him go free in
some deal they cannot hope to understand — yet.

Setting It Up

First the Storyteller needs to create a Justicar on whom
to base the chronicle (see Madame Guil, above). There are
many ways to do this, but it is often wise to make the Justicar
a terrible and frightening Cainite. The Justicar is someone
on whom the characters do not want to call for help too
frequently. If they call him unnecessarily, they will suffer. A
Justicar has a reputation to maintain and cannot afford
mercy when he is called to a crisis situation. When the
Justicar arrives, somebody dies.


A Justicar chronicle can prove challenging in many
ways. The Storyteller will have to create more settings, for
each evening's play could be set in a different city. Diablerie
and violations of the Traditions exist everywhere — St.
Petersburg, Madrid, Cairo, Bogota or San Francisco. While
this is more work, it provides great variety. The Archons can
discover worldwide plots and connections between events
across the globe.

The Archons must be Blood Bound to their Justicar,
but they alsospenda great deal of time away from him, so the
ties can weaken. Blood Bonds also create dramatic tension,
as the characters must determine what is really in their
Regnant's best interests, as well as weighing it against their
own.

Introduction 17



I'm the evil in the Bible,

go to church but never pray

I'ma sister with a habit,

a preacher never saved
— Lynch Mob, "No Good"

She crouched in the darkness, waiting for them to
finish. She had gained control of her body for several
months, and for several precious months "it" had been
allowed no power. Release me! Stop! Anything you like; let me
out! She laughed to herself — a cruel, wicked laugh — to
hear it cry out in terror so. Terror. She knew about terror;
indeed, she knew more than she had ever thought possible.

It had taken her those precious months of freedom to
make her way through an empire in ruins to this tiny island
called Britain. Here she was safe from those who followed
and she could at last sleep. Sleep! She had been denied sleep
for 2,000 years, day or night. Sleep now; I would let you sleep.
Rest, you need rest. Not yet; a few hours more and it will be
done.

The Britons had been frightened of this bold Roman
matron, especially when she demanded that they dig a
barrow for her. They did as she requested, however, and she
had only been forced to break a few bones to force their
cooperation. Please, not this, not the unending sleep, not
oblivion. Yes, oblivion. That is what she sought, though she
had not known this until it had spoken just then.

Oblivion, where evil could sleep forever undisturbed.
The barrow was almost finished, the traps were laid and all
the Britons needed now was a body to place inside. She

walked toward the barrow. No, let me go and you can live. I
will return from where you called me.

There was only one thing left to do. She would soon
disappear from the memory of mortals, but another vampire
might come looking for her, even in this faraway place.
Then the Britons might tell where she was sleeping or how
the traps were laid. One last killing, this time no more than
a small tribe. Surely she could manage that before sunrise,
before she slept.

The Tale

The true story of Tiamat, the one that will never be
told, is a tragic one. It is a tale that Tiamat herself has
yearned to tell for thousands of years. She was known among
the Kindred as a great hunter, a vampire of terrible strength,
wickedness and lust for power. She was a killer incarnate,
one who could kill with a look or a word and who often did.
She vanished in the great flames of the Jyhad she had
worked so hard to fuel.

Tiamat's evil was legendary and that is what Kindred
remember of her. Like so much legend, it is rife with
falsehood. This is her story, as she would have told ithad she

been given a chance.

Chapter Two: The Story of Tiawath 19


The Beginning

Tiamat was born in prehistoric Ur, then a great city in
Sumer, though today it would be considered no more than
a town. Her father named her Lantla and, because he
already had three daughters, got rid of her at the first
opportunity. When a woman of power came seeking the girl,
Lantla's father turned her over with no regrets. Lantla was
sent to live with a woman who was both a witch and a
doctor. The witch chose Lantla because she saw power in
the young girl and, foolishly, she told Lantla so.

Lantla began to covet the power her mistress promised.
The foolish witch, however, could not draw that power out,
nor did she have any spells that required the use of any real
power. Thus Lantla grew frustrated. The witch set her to
menial tasks as befit her station, but Lantla was nettled and
rebelled. When in the market, she would sidle up to wealthy-
looking men and attempt to gain their attention, hoping to
marry out of her station and gain access to money and
comfort.

Wealthy men did not come to the market; they sent
their slaves instead. Lantla, in her ignorance of such things,
wasted much of her time on them, mistaking them in their
clothing for men of power. The more she dawdled in the
market, the more angry the witch grew with her and the
more Lantla was beaten. The beatings got worse and she
could no longer hope to gain attention in the market with
large bruises on her face. So she would wrap a cloth around
her head and creep in and out by back alleys.

The witch became more and more cruel as she grew
older and more senile. One day the beating was so bad that
Lantla lay on the floor, nearly dead. When she awoke, not
knowing where she was, the old witch advanced upon her
again with a hatchet. Lantla, suddenly terrified, shouted out
and her power, released by fear and hatred, became real. An
ancient word of magic sprang to Lantla's lips. With asudden
scream, the witch burst into flames and burned from the
inside out.

Lantla was called a murderer and worse. She would
have been banished or killed had it not been for a certain
priest called Arakur. The man was almost a.god and was
greatly feared and respected. He had many wives and was
one of the few men who was allowed such luxuries. Arakur
was rumored to live in the great ziggurat that towered over
the city. His brides supposedly lived there too, for they were
never seen after he had taken them away.

In fact, Arakur was a fourth-generation vampire. His
brides were his vessels, sometimes killed outright and some-
times slain over a period of many nights. He took Lantla as
a wife and his word was law. Murder was forgotten and she
was whisked into the temple, gone forever in the minds of
the people.

Arakur had many plans for Lantla, and slaying her was
not among them. The question of how she could call upon
a powerful word of magic known only to a few aroused

20 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain

Arakur's curiosity. More importantly, he wished her to be
his childe and his servant in times of crisis. On her wedding
night, Lantla was Embraced and became immortal.

Lantla was horrified by her new existence and her new
dietary requirements. She would not drink from the blood
of others and several times tried to throw herself into the
sunlight. Arakur would not allow it and he kept her alive,
often forcing her to drink his own blood. Quickly, within
the course of a few nights, she grew to accept her condition
and she served Arakur well, learning much about magic and
its uses. Thus, Lantla got her wish: to marry a rich man and
escape her poor life.

The Coming of the Evil

One of the earliest warlords of Western civilization was
Urlon of Uruk. Like many great figures of those earlier
times, he. was a vampire. He came to Ur to conquer.
Naturally, Arakurand Lantla resisted, but Urlon had learned
the power of mortal flesh and he had more troops than they
did. When it became certain that Ur would fall, Arakur fell
into despair and retreated into his haven to await the end.

Lantla, however, did not despair. She hated Urlon as a
bully (which she understood too well) and the rage she had
felt toward her old witch mistress was refocused upon Urlon.
If the city could but hold out a week or two longer, Lantla
thought she could do something. She studied her tablets and
finally she called upon a great demon to aid her in battle.
The demon was called Drakonskyr and it possessed her
body, giving her great strength and power.

Drakonskyr offered to aid her still further by helping
her to forge a magical weapon. This weapon, promised the
demon, would allow her to kill not only the mortal followers
of Urlon, but Urlon himself. Lantla readily agreed, not
realizing the consequences. When Urlon's men finally
broke through the outer walls, she was ready.

Naturally, Urlon hoped to slay Arakur. That was why
he had come to Ur with an army of mortals. Urlon was one
of the first warriors of the Jyhad, and this would be one of its
earliest battles. When Urlon came to the ziggurat, he found
Arakur already dead. Lantla stood over her sire, her teeth
stained with his blood. Drakonskyr had taken control of
Lantla and decided that they needed more power to defeat
Urlon.

Urlon was no match for the two-who-were-one, espe-
cially after Lantla had consumed the soul of Arakur.
Drakonskyr's sword, which it had named the Sword of Nul,
slew Urlon with one blow.

Then, using Lantla's body, Drakonskyr went on a
killing spree through the city, slaying Urlon's followers and
the people of Ur indiscriminately. When the night had
ended, Lantla found herself at the edge of the Tigris, her
clothes soaked in blood. Drakonskyr laughed in her mind.
Now the demon sought to leave her body. Thus it would be
free on the earth to do anything it pleased, and its sentience
would be uninhibited by a physical shape. Close proximity

to Drakonskyr had taught Lantla much. She realized that
she allowed the demon to escape her body, she would have
loosed a terrible evil upon the earth.

When Drakonskyr tried to escape, Lantla held it fast
with her spirit and her magical power, binding it inside her.
The demon was shocked and terrified that it could not
escape. In that first moment of confusion, Lantla regained
control of her body. She then flung the Sword of Nul into
the Tigris. It resurfaced many times down the centuries, in
many places, and was called many things, but it was never
again seen by Drakonskyr.

With the weapon gone, Drakonskyr found its power
greatly diminished. It could not escape from Lantla, though
it could still control her body. The demon forced Lantla to
stand on the shore in the rays of the sun as it rose over the
river. Lantla had never known such pain. Still, she held
onto Drakonskyr. Finally, afraid of what might happen to it
should Lantla die, Drakonskyr relented.

Together they crawled back to the city. Lantla held
their spirits so close together that it seemed there would be
noescape, even indeath. Wherever Lantla went, Drakonskyr
feared it must follow, and it still hoped to remain on this
plane.

The Unending Battle

The following night Drakonskyr went on another kill-
ing spree through the city, enjoying itself but horrifying
Lantla, as her hand was used to inflict every atrocity it
committed. Drakonskyr did this in an attempt to force
Lantla to release it. With every murder and act of torture,
the demon told her that all she had to do was let it go and
she would never again have to kill.

Lantla knew that even if she did not have to see it,
Drakonskyr's evil would be much greater without a physical
form to slow it down. She held on even as a drowning man
holds his last breath. Each second was torture and each
second brought the possibility of failure. Still, she learned to
fight the demon, and most nights were spent locked in
psychic combat as the two battled for control of her body.
On those occasions when Drakonskyr seized control of the
body, it terrorized the city. Otherwise they battled over
every action and agreed on almost nothing.

Drakonskyr gradually ceased torturing mere individu-
als, instead preferring acts of mass carnage. The demon
arranged the fall of Ur to the Elamites to hurt Lantla and
convince her to let it go. Even with her city in flames and
her people slain, however, Lantla held Drakonskyr, though
she could do little to stop the destruction.

Lantla/Drakonskyr joined the Babylonians when they
came to the city years later, and the Babylonians wor-
shipped Drakonskyr as a goddess. The Babylonians already
had a goddess of chaos, darkness and evil, and Drakonskyr
capitalized upon this by claiming that Lantla was Tiamat,
the goddess of the underworld and of the primordial chaos
on which the world was built.

Chapter Two: The Story of Tiawath 21


Tiamat became her new name. She was now known
even among the undead as a terrible creature capable of
anything. Under the demon's guidance, she built gardens of
blood where fresh victims were brought to be slowly drained
over long periods. Some of them lingered for many nights;
their soft, helpless moans drove Lantla to the brink of
madness.

Indeed, it was a wonder she remained sane, for she
never went completely mad. Some vestige of reason still
lurked in her mind, tucked away safely in a corner where
Drakonskyrcouldn't get at it. She called herself only Tiamat
in her mind; Lantla, the name of her youth, was long
forgotten. When thinking of Drakonskyr she thought only
of "it." She would sometimes imagine that it was she who
was committing these terrible acts, not Drakonskyr.

Drakonskyr despaired when it saw how deranged Tiamat
had become. It realized that it could never get her to let it
go how. Tiamat was not bothered by the demon's crimes.
Drakonskyr could use her hands to slay hundreds of children
and she would not even twitch. It realized that there was no
way out of her body, for she was not going to allow it.

Being an adaptable creature, Drakonskyr decided that
it wanted to hurt mankind as a whole, not just harm a few
individuals. So it began to search for ways to cause pain on
a massive scale.

By 900 B.C., Mesopotamia was controlled by the
Assyrians, a draconian military state. Drakonskyr did what
it could to encourage the Assyrians' military nature. Under
Drakonskyr's aegis, the Assyrians conquered many lands,
bringing back slaves from pillaged kingdoms. The Jyhad
continued and Drakonskyr participated, using Tiamat to
incite further anarchy and hatred among vampires and thus
make their wars even more violent and destructive.

Nineveh, the capital of Assyria, fell in 612 B.C. and
Assyria fell into chaos with it. Drakonskyr loved this time,
for it could do as it pleased — kill, maim and cripple without
restraint. Indeed, the humans' despair over their lost king-
dom intensified their personal pain. Drakonskyr fed well
upon their anguish.

When the Persians came, Tiamat joined the many
other vampires manipulating events behind the scenes, and
their conspiracies continued against a backdrop of unprec-
edented military expansion. What was left of Lantla died;
now there was only Tiamat.

Like other empires before them, the Persians came and
went. Drakonskyr realized, when the Persians lost to the
Greeks, that there were other empires to control. There
were other places where ordinary people lived out their lives
in ordinary ways, safe and happy. Drakonskyr could not
allow this to continue, so Tiamat moved west to the Greek
cities.

The undead factions were too numerous for Drakonskyr
to have much impact. The Greek city-states were filled with
warring Kindred. No matter how many leaders Tiamat

married and tried to control, none could gain enough power
over a single city-state, let alone the Greek people, for
Drakonskyr to cause suffering on any scale.

When Alexander the Greatcame, however, Drakonskyr
was there, hoping to turn the unification to its advantage.
When Macedonia was born, Drakonskyr began to look for
ways to turn the realm's entire bureaucracy to evil and
hatred. When Alexander died, anarchy again descended.
Though Drakonskyr had not been able to turn all of the
Macedonian government to evil, it realized the virtue of
having a great leader and then killing that great leader —
anarchy was sure to follow.

For a while Drakonskyr returned to its petty ways of
torture and murder, hunting village families in the night. It
took great joy in hunting a single family, including cousins,
nieces and nephews, and slaying its members over a period
ofamonth or more until the entire family was slain and gone
from the world.

The Horror of Rome

Then, around 220 B.C., Romans began to patrol the
Macedonian coast for pirates. Drakonskyr realized that
there was a wide world full of fresh, green pastures to be
defiled. Thus Tiamat emigrated to Italy. All this time she
who had once been Lantla traveled, a passenger in her own
body. Each night was a battle to keep Drakonskyr inside her
body, though she no longer fully remembered why she did it.

Drakonskyr continually pressed her mind, keeping her
from reason, for she threatened to return to sanity on
occasion. Drakonskyr hoped that ifshe went insane enough,
she would no longer see a purpose in holding onto its spirit
and thus free it. Tiamat's position in Kindred and mortal
society no longer allowed the demon to take Tiamat on
wanton killing sprees; such acts would be dangerous and
suicidal. Drakonskyr had no desire to discover what would
happen to it if Tiamat died and their spirits were still
intertwined.

During all of this time, Tiamat did not sleep. She had
neverslept all the years the demon had been with her. Even
when the sun was high in the sky and her instincts tried to
drag her down to slumber, she would remain awake, for
Drakonskyr would not let her sleep. In sleep she found
peace, and Drakonskyrdid not wanther to find peace; better
that she know constant terror and want to rid herself of it.

Drakonskyr hoped to destroy the young Roman Repub-
lic through war. The demon slowly manipulated the Romans,
already a warlike people. Other vampires helped, some
knowingly and others unaware of what they did and for
whose purpose. The Romans, however, were stronger than
Drakonskyr had known. They were victorious in all their
battles. After the destruction of Carthage, Drakonskyr
realized its intervention had only strengthened these people
and not destroyed them as it had wished.

22 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Now the Republic was strong on its borders, but it
slowly weakened on the inside. The Roman Senate proved
unable to manage the growing empire. Civil war followed
civil war and through it all Drakonskyr chuckled. Tiamat
grew numberstill, hardly noticing what went on outside her
own body. When Caesar came to power, guided by the
vampires who hoped to manipulate him further, Drakonskyr
helped arrange his murder, hoping to throw all of Rome into
civil war.

Augustus, however, destroyed the demon's hopes.
Augustus was no fool, and he did not flaunt his power in
front of the Senate. Instead, he always asked the senators'
permission, though their assent was a foregone conclusion.
The empire strengthened and Drakonskyr's anger grew. In
order to manipulate Rome further, Drakonskyr had Tiamat,
in the guise of Livia (a Roman matron whom Tiamat had
slain and replaced via Obfuscate), marry Augustus.

Drakonskyr's power allowed Tiamat to remain in the
sun for limited periods, though it still burned her body and
she was often pale where her skin peeled away. Drakonskyr
began to manipulate the royal family. Slowly the Julio-
Claudians began to degenerate until finally, during the
reign of Caligula, it appeared that the entire Roman Empire
might collapse.

Caligula's excesses were infamous and his sanity sus-
pect. Assoon as it was evident that he would follow Tiberius
as emperor, Drakonskyr had Tiamat fake her own death and
retire to watch the destruction — and to avoid the anger of
the many Cainites whodid not appreciate Tiamat's interfer-
ence in Kindred and kine politics.

The Roman Empire persisted and Drakonskyr grew
impatient for the end to come. Nero became emperor after
Claudius, who had followed Caligula. Nero was the last of
the Julio-Claudians and, despite the terrible intra-Kindred
war that ended with the great fire of Rome (which many
erroneously blamed on Nero), the Empire did not collapse.
Drakonskyr pushed and prodded where it could to speed the
end, but other vampires were now watching for Tiamat and
no moves were safe.

The demon's frustrations grew until, centuries later,
the barbarians came and Rome was sacked several times.
Finally, in A.D. 476, Rome fell for the final time and
Drakonskyr cheered what appeared to be the fall of human-
ity. Drakonskyr was certain that the resulting carnage would
destroy humanity as a species. While it reveled in its
apparent victory, Tiamat awoke. Drakonskyr no longer
pressed upon her mind and her reason slowly returned. She
realized that she must destroy Drakonskyr as an act of
vengeance for humanity.

She could see no way to do it, however — and she was
so very tired. After holding the spirit of a demon inside her
for more than 2,000 years, through countless generations
and across several empires, Tiamat no longer had any

Chapter Two: The Story of Tiawath 23


strength left. Soon Drakonskyr would gain strength from
the human suffering it had caused and now, so weak and
tired, Tiamat would no longer be able to hold it.

Fear of the impending crisis filled Tiamat with horror,
which in turn gave her the strength to resist. For the first
time since she had thrown the Sword of Nul into the Tigris,
Tiamat took control of her body from Drakonskyrand made
the demon a prisoner. Surprised by her sudden power,
Drakonskyr lost all command of its borrowed body. Though
it raged in her mind, it could do nothing to stop her.

Tiamat left the ruins of Rome and journeyed north
through the Alps and into Germany. Here Drakonskyr
almost regained control as Tiamat grew tired from the
journey. Lupines hunted her and the German tribes did not
welcome strangers from Rome. Bloody and beaten, she
found her way to Gaul and then to the English Channel.
Here she befriended a fishing tribe. After feeding well from
them and their children, she stole a boat and crossed the
channel.

She was only halfway across when the sun rose. She was
forced to capsize the boat and hide under it to avoid the
harsh rays of sunlight. Drakonskyr no longer protected her
from the sun; it was willing to take its chances with her
death. After the sun set, Tiamat resumed her journey and
arrived on the shores of Britain.

Bb

The legions had long ago evacuated Britain to defend
Italy. The island was in chaos without Roman law and order,
on which its inhabitants had depended for the last 400 years.
Tiamat found it very easy to find blood here, and she slew
many as she readied herself for the final leg of her journey.
She passed from Londinium to the north and, after crossing
Hadrian's Wall, left the civilized world far behind. |

When she had traveled as far north as she could, she
founda small tribe. After slaying their chief and abusing the
men of the community, she demanded that they build for
her a great barrow —a tomb where the dead could rest. She
instructed them on how to build many traps and tricks to
protect the barrow from intruders. She had brought Roman
gold with her to give them incentive and to allow them to
gather materials very quickly.

Once the barrow was complete, she attacked the tribe
and killed every member down to the smallest child, drink-
ing deeply of the women's blood to prepare herself for the
sleep. There was no crime too great that was not justified by
her quest to put Drakonskyr to sleep forever. After looking
upon the world for the final time, she entered her tomb and
sealed the door behind herself. She and the demon that she
carried within her breast were locked away forever — or so
she hoped.

Sire: Arakur

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 4th

Embrace: Before 3,000 B.C.

Apparent Age: 17

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 7, Dodge 5,
Leadership 4

Skills: Melee 5, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Ancient History 7, Linguistics 9, Politics 6

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 6, Dominate 5, En-
chantment 5, Fortitude 6, Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 5,
Protean 4, Serpentis 2, Thaumaturgy 4 (Lure of Flames 4,
Movement of the Mind 3)

Backgrounds: None at present

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 6

Humanity: |

Willpower: 10

Notes: Tiamat's Enchantment Discipline is wholly
unlike Tremere magic. It allows her to enchant objects and
create the magical traps that protect her barrow. All such
spells are performed out of combat and are left to the
Storyteller's imagination and dramatic needs.

24 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Tiamat's Traits would normally be much higher, but
they have suffered from the time in torpor. Should she have
a few years to recover, she would be far stronger.

When Drakonskyr was in control, Tiamat could feed
from anything (this is how she managed to drink her sire's
vitae). However, in "normal" circumstances, Tiamat may
only feed from females.

Image: Tiamat is no longer human. She has experi-
enced more than most vampires could ever withstand, and
she is nothing like the young girl who was taken by her lord.
The tomb has not improved her alien-looking Sumerian

features. Vampires do not groom while in torpor. Dust
covers her body, cobwebs veil her face and fill her mouth,
and her clothes have nearly rotted away.

Roleplaying Hints: Howl and fight! You are beyond
controlled action. Though you have a high Self-Control,
this is meant to represent your discipline, not your restraint.
You wantonly tosleep — nothing else. Sleep is the only way
you can escape Drakonskyr and you hate all those who
interfere with your sleep. Only an exceptional effort on the
part of the characters will cause you to communicate with
them — and you know no English.

Chapter Two: The Story of Tiawath 25



. Chapter Three:..
The Evil Beckons

Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely
—Lord Acton, Life and Letters of Mandell Creighton

In the darkness of the tomb, Drakonskyr dreams fitfully
inside Tiamat. The demon beckons to its ancient blade, the
Sword of Nul, ordering the blade to bring those who can free
Drakonskyr from its millennium-old prison. The sword has
passed from one owner to another through the ages, for its
power brings death to its user. It destroys all it touches, as
befits a weapon forged by a demon.

Now this blade falls into the hands of the characters,
carried to their city by the tide of the Jyhad. Many would
seek to take the sword's power from a coterie of would-be

Diabolists.

Tale of a Sword

After Tiamat threw the Sword of Nul into the Tigris, it
tested in the river until A.D. 806, when an Islamic warrior
of the Abbasid Caliphate retrieved it. He bore it into battle
when civil war broke out that same year.

Despite his wondrous blade, the young Arab was slain
in battle and the blade was later found by a beggar looting
the bodies of the dead. He sold it to the Bayt al-Himah —
"The House of Wisdom." Fora few weeks, the sword was the
talk of the university. From where had the blade come, and
who had forged it? The scholars had little concept of
archaeology and assumed that because the blade still had an
edge, it must have been made recently in some unknown
and distant land.

When no answers were forthcoming, the blade was
forgotten, though it still remained on display. Within two
years, it was moved to a shelf in an odd little corner of the
library, where it remained until it was finally moved to a
back room and stored away for years. The blade was taken
in 1098 by a supposed witch and heretic who was, in fact, a
Brujah. Down on his luck and on the run from the Prince of
Baghdad, the Brujah stole the blade during a mad dash for
escape.

Nowhere in the Muslim world was safe from the undead
hand of the Prince of Baghdad, and so the Brujah sought to
flee to Europe. He hoped to use the sword as a bargaining
tool to join the Christian warriors in Palestine and thus
escape his political problems.

It took him nearly a year of travel to reach Jerusalem.
His enemies hounded him the entire way, and in those days
a vampire did not tra ached
Jerusalem on July 1, 1099. Two weeks later, the crusaders
stormed the city and killed everybody within reach. The
Brujah was slain and the sword was taken as spoils of war.

fast for fear of the sun. He

Little enough was thought of it, as it was not decorated
with gold and jewels, nor did it have any religious signifi-
cance to Christians, Muslims or Jews. It finally fell into the
hands of one poor knight, Sir Burder of the Holy Roman
Empire, as part of his booty

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 27


The Sword of Nul

It looks innocent enough. It is short, straight and
made of bronze. It has no ornamentation save a crude
skull carved in the middle of the hilt. The handle was | 7
once wrapped in leather or cloth, but the wrapper has
rotted away, leaving only the bare metal. The entire
weapon is turning slightly green with age despite its
power. The blade is still sharp — extremely sharp. It is
much sharper than any bronze weapon could ever be —
sharper than the finest steel. |

The weapon has a difficulty of 5 to hit and does
Strength + 5 damage in aggravated wounds. Further-
more, the weapon adds one automatic success to all | 7
attack rolls. The blade may have many other powers,
though it would take time and magic to unlock these
powers, and they are unlikely to enter into this story. | |
The Storyteller may invent more powers if she likes, but
those listed above should be quite sufficient for now.

The blade then passed from father to son for many
generations. Even though almost all of the valuables taken
during the Crusades were sold to maintain a failing fief, the
sword remained and became a family heirloom. As the years
passed, the fief worsened, and son after son was corrupted by
the blade. Most were slain in battle, though it must be said
that the family's enemies suffered far worse at the hands of
the Rhineland warriors and their strange sword.

In the mid-15th century, the plagues and famines
sweeping across Europe decimated the Burder fief. The
family line was wiped out by the plague that swept through
the castle. Most of the family's possessions were claimed by
the crown, but some were taken by family and friends. One
of these "friends" was in fact a servant of one of the seven
Tremere whomake up theclan'sruling council. The Tremere
kept the blade for centuries and studied it, but never used it.

The Tremere hold Austria in a stranglehold from
which no breath of freedom may spring. Still, one anarch
has managed to elude them. Antoine, a Malkavian and an
anarch, sneaked into the clan's secret chambers and found
the blade, though not on purpose. He was looking for
information that he could use against the Tremere and
when he was discovered, he seized the blade and used it on
the guards.

Once he had taken the blade, his escape was assured.
Many guards fell before Antoine was able to escape. Those
capable of defeating him were either not present or unwill-
ing to face the sword.

Antoine fled from Austria, uncertain of what he had
taken. He named the blade Soulrazor for the terror that it
had caused the Tremere. From Austria, he fled to England
and from there to the safest place in the world for anarchs
— America, and into a dark and brooding city...

28

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain

Involving the
Characters

There are many ways to involve the characters in the
hunt for Tiamat's vitae. What follows is merely one ex-
ample. Most Diabolists need little temptation. For them,
the chance for such luscious blood is quite enough. The best
method for involving the characters depends largely on
their clans and the chronicle. While anarchs may run off at
a moment's notice to drink from a Methuselah and gain
power, those who support the Camarilla may not be so
eager.

In such a case, the Storyteller can introduce a threat
that requires a great deal of power to defeat — far more
power than the characters have. This would encourage
them to start searching for ways to gain power, and would
eventually lead them to diablerie. At first they will be
tempted by mere elders, but should the threat be significant
enough, they must seek a Cainite of true power.

Many vampires have heard of Tiamat. Her atrocities
among the Kindred have become legendary, and the char-
acters may know of the events described in Chapter Two.
Tiamat was active in mortal and Kindred politics; there are
still some Kindred who knew her and who can attest to the
truth of the legends.

Thus the Kindred may start to follow a series of rumors
and in the process begin to discover facts. What happened
to Tiamat after she masqueraded as Livia is unclear, but it is
unlikely that she died. The truth of her eternal struggle
against the demon Drakonskyr is completely unknown to
any Kindred. There are no rumors, for Tiamat never had the
opportunity to tell anyone and all possible witnesses were
slain or are long dead. The truth can only be discovered in
the final chamber of Tiamat's barrow.

Rumorsand eyewitness accounts notwithstanding, little
can be learned of Tiamat's actual location, only that she is
out there somewhere and is probably asleep or in torpor.
Any who knew her feel sure she could not have been slain
— her power was too great. By the same token, she must be
inactive, for if she were still fighting in the Jyhad, there
would at least be rumors of her plots and schemes. If the
characters wish to find Tiamat, they must hope for a lucky
break.

ALucky Break

A Malkavian stumbles into the characters' city. He is
Antoine, from the story of the Sword of Nul, and now the
characters are part of that story as well. He is on the run,
though the Tremere of Vienna have made no serious at-
tempt to get the sword back. After all, why not watch this
fool and learn about the sword from his exploits?

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 29


However, others have heard news of the blade. Before
fleeing Austria, Antoine foolishly told his coterie where he
was going and that he had stolen a magical sword of great
power. His coterie heard rumors of what had happened
when the Tremere had tried to stop Antoine, and began to
crave the blade. Its members talked among themselves of
the powers it must hold. Each vampire began to think that
it would make his most impossible dreams possible. Some
seek power, others seek peace and all think that the sword
could help them obtain those goals.

Also seeking the blade is one of the Tremere present
when Antoine made his miraculous escape. He seeks the
blade not for the clan, but for his own purposes. The
Tremere leaders know this, of course, and once he obtains
the blade, they will probably take it from him. If he dies in
the attempt, so much the better; he was growing untrustwor-
thy anyway.

Antoine is growing weary of pursuit and is looking for
allies. He will approach the characters and ask for their help.
The blade will also act on its own. If the characters do not
force it from Antoine, the sword will kill him, animating in
his hand when he is alone and running him through. Once
another character picks up the blade, the sword begins to
communicate with him telepathically. It tells him where
Tiamat is buried and promises to lead the character to her
if the character will in return promise to destroy her. The
sword will not hold a conversation but will make this offer
and leave the characters to decide what to do.

Antoine's death appears to be a suicide, a hypothesis
made more likely by the stress he was under and the fact that
he was a Malkavian. The sword knew that Antoine lacked
the strength to penetrate Tiamat's barrow, just as it knew its
mortal wielders were too weak. The Tremere had known
better than to use the weapon and so it could never tempt
them. Now it at last has a chance to save its master from
eternal sleep.

Antoine has a map of England hidden in his coat. The
map has many "Xs" on it, many of which have been crossed
out or scribbled over. One "X" in Scotland has been circled
several times. The blade has communicated with Antoine
through dreams, and Antoine has been researching the
images it has transmitted to him. Now whoever carries the
blade will start to have similar dreams. The latest dream is
about a hillside with a door hidden under a few feet of earth.

To Britain

There are many ways vampires from the Americas can
journey to the United Kingdom. The fastest method is by
plane, but few, ifany, trans-Atlantic flights start and end in
darkness. The characters could try shipping themselves, but
customs officials often use dogs to check for contraband, and
a dog would become very excited at the smell of a vampire.

Boats are usually the safest method of travel. Many
cruise ships have interior cabins that do not have windows.

The passengers are numerous and varied enough to make for
a week of good eating, even for five or six vampires.

Acctuise ship is also a wonderful setting for roleplaying,
as it has many innate dramatic advantages. It provides a
setting big enough for hiding, but not big enough to escape
enemies. Additionally, cruise ships are slow, and dramatic
tension can be built over long periods. A cruise ship is also
a very beautiful place, covered with lights, ice sculptures,
fine wooden bars and cool, blue swimming pools.

Although cruise ships do travel to Scotland, the only
cruises running during the time frame of this story go to
London instead. If the characters wish to travel by boat,
they will have to disembark in London.

Ofcourse, not all coteries will reside in North America.
Methods of travel from other lands are at the Storyteller's
discretion.

Coterie Tactics

Antoine's former coterie does not havea large informa-
tion network and its resources are limited. Its members fear
that they have limited time, and they will go to any effort to
acquire the sword. They catch up with Antoine the night
after he meets with the characters.

At this point, Antoine will already be dead, killed by
his own sword. Hoping that the characters are unaware of
the sword's power, the coterie approaches them. Its mem-
bers explain that they were friends of Antoine, and that they
would like the sword returned.

Should this fail (as it should), the coterie will try to
follow the characters back to their havens. They will break
and enter the following evening and search for the sword. If
a vampire happens to be in her haven, they will not attempt
to kill her, though they will attack her if she gets in the way.
Should this fail, they may attempt to abduct some of the
characters and force them to disclose the location of the
sword.

If the coterie does not work its way through all of these
plans before the characters head for England, the coterie
will attempt to follow by booking passage on the same boat,
plane or whatever. Its members then approach the charac-
ters in public places and try to convince them to give up the
sword. They will threaten them with violence, offer prom-
ises of power or favors, or attempt seduction. They may even
offer a share in the blade's power should they become
desperate enough and a particular character appears to
waver.

They will continue to pursue the sword in this fashion
until they are convinced that they cannot succeed. Also, a
convincing threat, backed up with a little physical violence,
might scare this group off. Its members are weak in fighting
skills and they know it. Against a group of dangerous and
powerful Diabolists they don't have much ofachance. Iftwo
of themare killed, the rest will give up and return to Austria.

30 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Tremere Tactics

Frank Weisshadel, unlike the coterie, has an extensive
intelligence network from which to draw. The Tremere
network, however, works both ways. The informants tell
important Tremere what they want to know, but they also
tell their superiors what important Tremere wanted to
know. Weisshadel must use it sparingly lest the Council of
Seven discover his little "freelance business." Therefore, he
watches carefully and waits patiently forhis time to strike for
the blade. He must follow it from a distance to avoid
arousing suspicion, especially from his own intelligence
network,

If the vampires take a boat, Weisshadel will also book
passage, taking his three ghouls with him. Because he is not
exactly certain which character has the blade, he will wait
and watch. He may even make friends with one of the
characters, hoping to gain information. He will pretend to
be mortal-for as long as he can, perhaps even hoping a
hungry vampire will take him toa private place to feed from
him. Then he will strike, Dominating the vampire and
finding out who has the sword. If the characters have powers
rendering such deception ineffective (Aura Perception, for
example), Weisshadel will admit his nature and offer to help
the vampires against Antoine's coterie.

Weisshadel hopes to incite a large battle that will
decimate both sides and allow him tosteal or take the sword.
With only three ghouls, he lacks the firepower of either of
the other two vampire groups on board, and he knows it.

Ifall else fails, he may try an ambush with his ghouls on
the entire Diabolist group and hope for the best, but this is
not his first choice. If the Diabolists look powerful and/or
well armed, he may not try this tactic at all. While he wants
the blade, he is willing to wait for many years if necessary.

Once the blade is taken, he will change cabins (by
Dominating the other guests) and wait for the trip to end.
He cannot swim and will avoid the water at all costs, even
to the point of giving up the blade rather than being thrown
overboard. He has no desire to go into torpor at the bottom
of the Atlantic.

Once in London

Once the characters arrive in London, the sword tele-
pathically informs them that they have neared their prey.
Perhaps this is true in terms of distance, but many Kindred
still seek to block their progress. In fact, Tiamat is located
not far from Edinburgh in Scotland. First, however, the
characters must get there. After all of the trouble they had
getting to the British Isles, they may need to rest (remember
that any aggravated wounds take time to heal) and hunt.

Hunting in London is dangerous if the characters do
not know their way around. Most Kindred don't like others
ctuising on their turf. If the characters do not Present
themselves to the prince of the city, they may also have
troubles, as such negligence violates the Traditions (not

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 31


that most Diabolists take those too seriously). The Story-
teller should feel free to add whatever complications she
desires.

Archon Spy

Hafsa, described in Chapter One, is also in London,
looking for violations of the Traditions. Most princes do not
appreciate Archons in their domains, and an especially
delicate touch is required in sucha large city with a powerful
prince. The larger cities must be watched by the Archons,
for they are the most likely places for criminal behavior, but
it is most dangerous to send an Archon to a big city.

This is certainly the case with London. The Prince of
London was mysteriously killed in a German bombing raid
during World War II, though his body was never recovered.
Lady Anne is currently in control, though she clings to
power by the skin of her teeth. She is a nervous prince.
Unéertain that her power base is stable, she is reactionary
and prone to destroy those whom she cannot trust.

In light of this, only very subtle Archons are sent to
London, and Hafsa is very subtle. Ifthe characters stay in the
city a night or two, Hafsa will approach them and try to find
out what they are doing here. If she sees the Sword of Nul,
she will make a mental note and describe it in detail over the
phone to her Justicar. Madame Guil will then check her
books and discover its origin. From here, the Justicar can
guess that the characters are up to no good. Guil will not be
certain that diablerie is involved, but she will instruct Hafsa
to watch the characters.

Hafsa is currently disguised as an anarch. She knows
most of the anarch hideouts in the city and she can show the
characters the safe places to hunt. She will try to get the
characters to tell her why they are here and she may even
confide all of her "crimes," like the time she committed
diablerie and how much fun it is to break the Masquerade
just to see the look on a mortal's face. The crimes are all
fictitious, of course. Hafsa is only trying to find out how
prone these neonates are to committing crimes against the
Traditions.

If the characters divulge the reason they are in London
or if she sees the Sword of Nul, Hafsa will go immediately to
Lady Anne and inform her of the presencé-of a group of
anarchs. She will stress their unknown purpose and the fact
that they did not Present themselves to her, if this is the
case. Needless to say, the Diabolists will be called on the
carpet.

The Prince

If the characters Present themselves to Lady Anne
when they arrive in London (as custom dictates) or if they
are called before her when they are discovered in the city,
they will have some explaining to do. If Hafsa has discov-
ered the characters' plans, Lady Anne orders the Diabolists
to leave the country at once. Failure to do so brings her
severe displeasure.

If Lady Anne is uncertain as to the motives of these
anarchs, she demands an explanation for their presence. If
they hesitate at all, or they change their stories at any time, —
she demands that they leave the country. If the answer they
give is possible, but unlikely, Lady Anne will have them
carefully watched. If they deviate in any way from what they
said they were doing, she will have them warned, perhapsby
having one of them killed.

Lady Anne needs to show the Kindred of London fail
she is in control. If necessary, she will call a Blood Hunton —
these anarchs, but she is very afraid to test her power in this
way. What if she calls the Hunt and nobody listens? Then
she would surely die. Better to let them go on their way.
Only if Lady Anne knows they intend to disturb Tiamat (a
frightening concept to most vampires) will she risk a Blood
Hunt to destroy them. Tiamat stalking through her domain
would be far more risky than calling the Hunt.

Ancient Enemies

Fortunately, the vampires have an ally in this un-
friendly city. Gotsdam, an ancient German vampire, now
resides in London. He is believed to be an eccentric old
Ventrue. He is little noticed and taken even less seriously.
Many think he has gone mad over the years or that he always
was mad. He stays quiet, and nobody realizes exactly who he
is or what is wrong with him.

Gotsdam is quite eager to help the characters and seeks
them out if they get into any kind of trouble. He explains
that he knew Tiamat after the days of Caligula and tells
them that there was always something wrong with her. He
explains that something separated her from other Kindred.
She was very cruel: a merciless killer who actually enjoyed
pain and inflicted it not out of necessity but out of joy. Yet,
sometimes, she would look very sad and would cry tears of
blood. "Beware of her," he warns, "she has two faces. Do not
trust the sad face, for it is nothing compared to the angry

one.

Once Gotsdam has given his advice, he will sneak the
characters out of the city via a secret tunnel. Once they are
away from the city, they can go to a train station in the
country and make their way to Edinburgh. From there they
can scour the countryside, looking for Tiamat's resting
place. Edinburgh is controlled by the Toreador and is open
to anarchs, so the Diabolists will have no more Kindred
entanglements once they leave London.

The Coterie

Antoine's coterie is not powerful, nor are its members
particularly clever. They are, however, about as lucky as
vampires get. Its members have survived for several years
while carrying out guerrilla warfare against the Tremere.
They were lucky to get together in the group they did, for
their skills complemented each other's. They were also
lucky that they never hit too big a target. Though the coterie

32 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


always thought its actions were wounding the Tremere
terribly, the Tremere hardly noticed the rebellion in their
land.

Antoine - The Lost

Born in the late 19th century, Antoine never learned
to be a good boy, and grew worse when his aunt took him in
after the deaths of his parents. By the time he was 10, she had
given up on him and sent him away to an exceptionally
strict boarding school. The change did not agree with him.

Antoine's aunt came to see him when Antoine turned
16 (her third visit in six years). Instead of the sweet little boy
she had hoped to find, she found a hulking, surly teenager.
Horrified, she chastised the dean, threatening him with
every legal recourse imaginable. After she left, the dean, a
Malkavian's ghoul, told his master. The Malkavian then
Embraced Antoine and gave the neonate a one-way ticket
home.

Antoine's first frenzy took care of his aunt, leaving her
throat ripped open and every ounce of blood drained from
her body. After that, Antoine began to run, first to Europe
and then all over the world.

He made few friends wherever he went, but found it
easy to join anarch gangs. Eventually, he found his way to
Austria, where he felt his talents for rebellion were desper-

aor
NS
NAA

ately needed. Now he seeks help from whomever will offer
it, be it elder or anarch, for the needs of survival have risen
above those of philosophy.

Sire: Morel

Clan: Malkavian

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1892

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Streetwise 3

Skills: Demolitions 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Linguistics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Obfus-
cate 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 3

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 6

Image: Antoine isa fat, soft-looking individual. He was
a fat little boy and, years later, a loud and fat young man. He
is generally sloppy and unkempt, having little care for his
personal appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: You have become quite a fright-
ened little animal. Your eyes dart nervously around the
room and you shift from one foot to another. You rarely
king for help. In
this case you are exceptionally earnest and will always look

make eye contact, except when you art

directly into your benefactors' faces.

Randel - The Cowardly Leader

For years Randel took the easy road, the road beaten by
the tread of thousands of feet. When he reached the age of
40, he looked around at his safe, comfortable life and was
pleased. Then the Sabbat came and Embraced Randel as a
foot soldier in yet another of the sect's senseless wars.
Randel should have been destroyed in no time, but in some
quiet chests lurk great hearts waiting for an opportunity to
reveal themselves. Randel had such a heart.

Though Randel rose from the grave a monster, he did
notstay that way. His pack's actions revolted him, and when
the opportunity came to betray it, he did. Anarchs cut down
his packmates and made him one of their own. When the
gang's leaders were destroyed, he was thrust into the vacuum.
Now he has his own gang — and all the worries that brings.

Randel is a wonderful planner and can formulate a
solution to almost any problem — if he has enough time.
However, Randel is not very good at being a vampire. He is
still able to eat food (and quite enjoys it) but has trouble
procuring human blood. Those from whom he attempted to

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 33


feed used to beat him up, and he has learned to identify and
feed upon the weakest and most helpless vessels. He has no
stomach for violence and though his powers would allow
him to overcome any mortal, he does not like to use them.
Randel has also worked to shed his Path of Enlightenment
and restore his Humanity. Amazingly enough, he has begun
to succeed.

Sire: Salondra

Clan: Ventrue antitribu

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1935

Apparent Age: Early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Leadership 3,
Masquerade 3, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Repair 2,
Security 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Camarilla Lore 2, Com-
puter 3, Finance 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Military Science 3,
Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 3,
Obtenebration 2, Potence 1, Presence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resources 2, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Humanity: 1

Willpower: 5

Image: Randel is a middle-aged, pudgy man with thin-
ning hair. His clothes are simple and unimaginative. He
looks like hundreds of other ordinary men who live out theit
lives in middle management.

Roleplaying Hints: Randel is at least a little crazy and
extremely contradictory. Revolted by the Sabbat, he has
tun from his vampiric nature. He still adheres to the rem-
nants of his old life. He solves his new problems with the
same calm that he would solve problems at his old job. He
is also a very bad vampire when it comes to doing anything
"vampiric."

Basir - Street Assassin

Many gangs run in the streets of Ankara, Turkey. Basir,
an orphan, joined young and learned violence at an early
age. He made his money by stealing and doing odd jobs for
people. He even became an enforcer for a crimelord. Basir
attracted the notice of the Assamite clan when he stopped
a Giovanni ghoul and destroyed a zombie sent to kill his
boss.

" \

Z Z / Y
"a 4

wy

34 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Taking a new clan member from the streets has certain
advantages, but true Assamite assassins rarely come from
such stock. Still, street toughs have their uses. Basir joined
the Assamites willingly, having few better prospects in his
life.

Few people from his neighborhood expected to live past
the age of 20 anyway, so Basir hardly feels that he has taken
any great chances. He revels in his new status and enjoys
drinking from the mortals. He also enjoys killing, and as an
Assamite, the excuses are endless.

Despite his enthusiasm, Basir lacks the talent and
discipline to become a "true" Assamite assassin. He handles
minor assignments and has been working with Randel's
anarchs for several years now. He hopes that possession of
the Sword of Nul will gain him some respect from his clan.

Sire: Alu

Clan: Assamite

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1981

Apparent Age: 18

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Repair 2, Security 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Obfuscate 1, Protean 1, Qui-
etus 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Mentor 1, Resources |

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 5

Image: Basir is dark-haired and has a swarthy complex-
ion. He dresses in black leather whenever possible and does
his best to emulate the American media's image of a biker.

Roleplaying Hints: When talking or acting, be loud,
brash and arrogant. Challenge others and use physical
violence to escape situations where you might come out on
the losing end. Your self-esteem is low, so make up for it with
lots of noise and big talk.

Ransam - The Old One

The period after Francois Villon regained control of
Paris was an exciting one for the Toreador. French armies
crossed the continent, seized art from around the world and
sent it to the museums of France. Toreador followed on their
heels, making sure that they took the best before the rest
could be seen by the kine.

Ransam, still little more than a neonate, came with the
French armies to Austria, establishing himself in a little
castle on confiscated land. He strove to make himself the
center of attention, and decorated his castle with some of
Austria's greatest masterpieces. His narcissism steadily grew;
though he claimed to be a patron of the arts, he loved more
than anything his own life and his own self-created world.
He loved his friends because they belonged tohim. He loved
his castle because it was his own castle. He loved himself so
much that everything that belonged to him became an
extension of himself.

When Austria regained its lost territory, the Tremere
clan decided to solidify its control of the land. Ransam was
chosen as an example. Ransam barely survived the eviction,
and that only with the help of more powerful Toreador.

Ransam was crushed. He had been defeated quickly,
easily and painlessly by his attackers. He was humiliated and
from his narcissism arose passionate hatred. Now he runs
with an anarch gang and uses his influence to strike back at
the Tremere. He will do anything for vengeance upon those
who destroyed his love for himself.

Sire: Juliette Dulai

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1769

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 35


Apparent Age: Early 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Artistic Expression 3,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Dance 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Music 3,
Stealth 1

Knowledges: Art Critic 5, Finance 3, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 5, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Retainers 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Presence 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: Ransam has a strong jaw and blond hair, and is
very handsome. He hasa Bruce Willis smile and can be quite
acharmer when he tries. He always keeps up with the latest
fashions, though he often finds obscure and bizarre "in"
fashions just to be different. He usually hides a bladed
weapon or a stake somewhere on his person.

Roleplaying Hints: Smile a lot. Do your best to charm
the socks off of anyone who gets near you. Don't take "no'
for an answer. You hate all Tremere. Do not deal with any
of them — none of them are trustworthy. They are killers
and destroyers. Little matters beyond destroying the Tremere.

Kalila - The Firebug

Kalila lived in Germany with her immigrant parents.
Often alone, lacking playmates who could speak her lan-
guage, Kalila found her only friends in the fires she set. She
especially loved how much attention she received when she
lit one. As she grew older, her pyromania continued un-
abated.

Finally, one of her fires burned out of control. Because
she was too old forachild's punishment, the authorities sent
her to a women's prison to serve a 10-year term. Kalila,
desperately in need of psychological attention, suffered and
languished in jail. She became rebellious and was trans-
ferred to a high-security facility, where she eventually met
her sire.

She still does not know who he was. He slipped into her
cell and took her while she slept. All she remembers is
awaking in great ecstasy, then feeling pain, and then feeling
power flood into her. She made good her escape that night.

After a few near-fatal run-ins with the Powers That Be,
she hooked up with Randel's gang. She can understand its
members and their motivations. She also imagines that the
enemies of her unknown sire are after her as well. She hopes
that the Sword of Nul will give her enough power to strike
back at her enemies, both real and imagined.

Sire: ?
Clan: Malkavian

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1987

Apparent Age: Late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Arson 4, Drive 2, Firearms 2, Security 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Obfuscate 4

Backgrounds: None

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 4

Image: Kalila has fine Arabic features, with a strong
nose and short, black hair. She has a rather rakish look to
her, as though she might do anything without provocation.
She always dresses in loose clothing that does not become
her figure, but facilitates free movement.

Roleplaying Hints: Smile in a childlike way. Light
things on fire. Do anything for attention. You especially
enjoy attention from authority figures (who represent your

36 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


parents). Suck up to the leaders of the group. Indeed, it is
possible that your rebellious activities toward the Tremere
are nothing more than a bid for attention.

The Tremere

Frank Weisshadel - Would-Be
Sorcerer

Frank's father was a wizard. Few can make sucha claim,
but in this case it was true. His father had been a powerful
mage, though he did not realize Frank knew it. For years
Frank dreamed of becoming a wizard like his father. He
knew that there were underground sorcerers everywhere.
He knew that the world contained many wonders unknown
to the common run of mortals.

Always wishing to emulate his father, Frank studied in
secret, Certain that his father would take him as an appren-
tice once he was old enough. Yet time dragged on and
Frank's father did not approach him. Finally, when Frank
was 17, he demanded that his father teach him magick. His
father refused.

Papa Weisshadel was in big trouble. He had meddled
with powers best left alone and he had gained powerful
enemies among his own peers. He did not wish to pass along
his own mistakes. He knew the temptations of power and
the evils it could bring on even the most innocent heart. He
tried explaining all of this to Frank.

Frank did not understand; he felt that wizardry was his
birthright. Nobody could take that away from him. He was
certain that he had the power just as his father did and that
he could master powerful spells. Then he would stand tall
among a secret community that ruled the world with invis-
ible puppet strings.

Frank was wrong. He did not have the power, though he
would not learn this easily.

He left home in a rage and traveled the world. By the
time he was 23, he had discovered as much as a mortal could
know about mages, vampires, wraiths, werewolves and
other mythical creatures. When he returned home, only to
argue bitterly with his father, he went to the vampires of
Clan Tremere, demanding that they make hima wizard.
They instead agreed to make him a vampire. They khew he
did not have the proper commitment to become a true
wizard, but he was young, strong and stupid enough to be
loyal to them.

They made him into a Kindred and used him for dirty
jobs all across Europe. Despair overtook Frank's world.
When he showed his father what a glorious creature he had
become, his father was not so understanding. Papa
Weisshadel tried to destroy his own son, but could not bring
himself to do it. Nonetheless, his efforts drove Frank into an
uncontrollable frenzy, and the vampire murdered his own
father.

Now Frank has realized that the Tremere have no
intention of using him for anything but an errand boy. He
seeks the Sword of Nul to become a powerful wizard and
claim his birthright among the mages of the world.

Sire: O'Meara

Clan: Tremere

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1970

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Occult 4, Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 2, Potence 2,
Thaumaturgy 2 (The Lure of Flames 1)

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3, Retainers 3,
Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 37

Image: A tall, thin youth with thick black hair and
brown eyes, Frank cares not at all for his personal appear-
ance. When not in the presence of important Tremere, he
often wears clothes with holes and stains on them. When in
the presence of important Tremere, he wears a tacky, out-
of-date suit.

Roleplaying Hints: Your driving ambition has been so
long denied that you are obsessed with magical power. You
do not respect others who possess such power; rather, you
hate them. No price is too small for this power and you will
kill to get it if you must.

The Tired Warrior

Gotsdam

Gotsdam is a mysterious figure, and should stay that
way throughout the story. His own tale is full of tragedy and
horror, dating back to the days when the Roman legions
took him as a hostage. He became a slave to Tiamat, who
took his blood in scores of cruel ways and Embraced him
when she needed a pawn to use against her enemies.

When she no longer needed Gotsdam, she abandoned
him. Knowing little of what it was to be a Kindred, what he
could do and what he could not, he fled from Rome and

spent the next several hundred years along the Rhine,
hiding in a cave and feeding from animals and the occa
sional tribesman.

He feared the Lupines whoruled the woods, and learned
both how to fight them and, more importantly, how to hide
from them. When civilization eventually encroached on
the wilderness, Gotsdam was forced to live the life of a true
Ventrue and joined the world of the Kindred. Now he seeks
Golconda, and is in London on a quest of his own.

He has tried to avoid the games of the Jyhad, for he saw
the damage it caused to Rome. He used the pretext of
madness, a tactic he sometimes used to dissuade the Lupines
when things got out of hand. Now the Ventrue leave him
alone.

Now Gotsdam has learned, to his delight, that there is
a group of anarchs who would dare to hunt his sire Tiamat.
He will notcome with the characters, for he fears that an act
of diablerie would ruin his chances for Golconda. He is,
however, quite willing to help them along their way. Of
course, if the characters try to commit diablerie upon him,
Gotsdam is also quite willing to wipe up the floor with them.

Sire: Tiamat

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Jester

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 87 A.D.

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 7, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 5, Wits 7

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 7, Athletics 5, Brawl 6,
Dodge 8, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subter-
fuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 7,
Stealth 8, Survival 6

Knowledges: Linguistics 7, Occult 6, Politics 4

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 5, Celerity 4, Domi-
nate 6, Fortitude 8, Obfuscate 4, Potence 4, Presence 6,
Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 4 (Weather Control 4, Movement
of the Mind 3)

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 8

Notes: Gotsdam's sixth level of Dominate allows him
to convince his victim that she has any one Derangement
of Gotsdam's choosing. His sixth level of Presence causes all
in the vicinity to leave Gotsdam alone.

38 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Image: Gotsdam is a tall, blond barbarian, complete
with beard and uncut hair. He looks like an extremely pale
Viking. He is powerful and grim. He is a little behind the
times and likes top hats and canes, a bizarre contrast to his
long hair and thick beard.

Roleplaying Hints: You have played at being insane
for so long that you really are starting to goa little mad. Talk
to imaginary friends (maybe even convince the characters
that these friends exist), howl for no reason, and generally
act like a loon. For the most part, you try to appear more
stupid than you are. Play dumb, but maneuver others in the
directions you want.

Chapter Three: The Evil Beckons 39



Chapter Four: .
The Barrow

Nor to slumber, nor to die,
Shall be in thy destiny;
Though thy death shall still seem near
To thy wish, but as a fear
—Lord Byron, Manfred

During Britain's Dark Ages, after the Romans aban-
doned the island, tribe warred with tribe until it seemed to
the Britons that the world would crack. Some tribes buried
their kings in great burial mounds that were as large as hills.
Sometimes a king was buried with his gold and jewels, but
always with his weapons. It wasa time of little belief, for who
could have faith in a god that created such a mad world?

Itwas to this land of cold and fog that Tiamat fled. Here,
in this isolated land, she hoped other Kindred would never
follow. She never dreamed of the empire that would rise and
fall right over her head centuries later. Now she sleeps in the
darkness of the earth, oblivious to the Diabolists who seek
to disturb her.

Finding the Barrow

It is fortunate that the characters have Antoine's map
and Tiamat's sword to guide their way, for the barrow is well
hidden among other hills. It is so overgrown and covered
with trees that it looks like a natural hill. The entrance is
on the north side of the hill. Centuries of erosion have
caused the earth to slide down the hill, covering the door
with two feet of earth. Bushes and shrubbery thrive in this
fertile spot and the door is now indistinguishable from the
rest of the countryside.

The vampire who has been carrying the Sword of Nul
will be able to recognize from his dreams the part of the hill
that contains the barrow entrance. If no vampire is carrying
the Sword personally, the blade will contact the vampire
with the lowest Willpower.

If the Diabolists have brought proper digging tools, the
entrance to the barrow can be unearthed in a few hours. If
they do not have the proper tools, the Diabolists must spend
at least 20 man-hours unearthing the door (thus, five
Diabolists could do the job in four hours). Remember that
the Diabolists have spent time traveling to the barrow, and
when the sun rises, they will either sleep or burn, depending
on their location.

The Nature of the
Barrow

Wooden braces support this earthen barrow. The first
part of the barrow contains the various traps and tricks the
Britons installed at the direction and design of Tiamat. All
of the mechanical traps are maintained by Tiamat's power-
ful magic, causing them to age very slowly. While even very
simple traps would keep mortals out of her tomb, Tiamat was
much more concerned about Cainites who would seek her
for the power of her blood. Asa result, she made many of her

Chapter Four: The Barrow 41


traps magical in nature to dissuade the more determined. In
those days, before the rise of the Tremere, a vampire with
knowledge of magic was an exceptionally powerful creature.

The contents of the barrow have also been affected by
centuries of exposure to the mind of Drakonskyr. Ordi-
narily, this demon's wishes and imagination would be
magically imposed on the world as it wished. Demons often
work magic subconsciously, and only Drakonskyr's confine-
ment to Tiamat's body has kept it from doing as it pleased.
However, the demon's long existence within the barrow has
allowed some of its psyche to spill out into reality, changing
the very physics that bind the world together.

The rooms and corridors created by Drakonskyr's mind
are not completely real. In fact, the entire second section of
the barrow, which is its creation, is contained in the long
corridor that connects the false tomb of Tiamat to the real
tomb (sections 9 and H, respectively). When Tiamat built
the barrow, it was a simple tunnel. However, under the
strange influences of Drakonskyr's sleeping mind, the tun-
nel has become a nightmare reality that is only partially
physical. For the most part, those who enter the corridor will
be journeying through the terrible, horrific mind of a
demon.

This area does not follow ordinary physical laws. A map
to this area is included, but it is important to understand that
there are no set spatial relationships among the various
chambers and corridors. When characters leave a particular

The Barrow

1. The Entrance

2. The Spear Trap

3. Pit Traps

4. Primitive Napalm Trap
5. The Wolf

6. Hall of Razors

7. Pit of the Sun

8. Halll of Fire

9. Fool's Gold

chamber, there is no guarantee that they can return to that
chamber. Turning around makes no difference. They are
traveling through a demon's mind, and such a mind has no
set direction. Thus, forward is just as good as backward, and
they may encounter any chamber in any relation to any
other chamber.

Rather than follow our map, it might be a good idea for
the Storyteller to draw her own maps and, whenever the
vampires come to a chamber, decide what lies within that
chamber. That way, the vampires don't have to missa single
encounter. They can have all the "fun" of every encounter
and not have to worry about missing something if they go in
the wrong direction.

The Encounters

The encounters represented by numbers delineate those
areas created by Tiamat and the British tribe she used for her
manual labor. The areas represented by letters indicate
those areas that have been affected by Drakonskyr's mind.
Physically, all of the lettered events take place in the final
corridor between the false tomb and the real tomb.

1. The Entrance

Buried under two feet of earth, these five-foot-tall
double doors (each is four feet wide) block the entrance to
the barrow. They are made of wood, and are sealed with lead
clamps; these must be pried away (Strength Feat of 7

42 Bloody Hearts:

~
<
-
x

\


required, or 5 with a good crowbar) or melted off. The doors
themselves weigh nearly 500 pounds apiece and have Latin
text scrawled across them. The text reads (should anyone
take the time to attempt to decipher the dull and worn
carving), "Let sleeping sleepers lie if the wakers do not wish to
die."

There are also hundreds of runes and glyphs carved all
over the doors. A successful Intelligence + Occult roll
(difficulty 7) indicates that all or most of the runes are wards
of protection against evil, spirits, curses, etc. A vampire who
scores three successes on this roll realizes that the glyphs
have no real power.

On the inside of the door is a large rune shaped like a
sun with a crescent moon inside it. This symbol does have
some power over evil, as an Intelligence + Occult roll
(difficulty 8) will ascertain. The fact that it is pointed
inward means that the evil is expected to approach the door
from the inside. It is not designed to affect vampires,
however, and it is not powerful enough to keep the demon
in the barrow should it escape Tiamat.

2. The Spear Trap
‘This was designed by Tiamat tokillhumansand weaken
vampires before they got deep inside the barrow. It was
originally designed to fire three sets of iron-tipped spears
from the walls when a tripwire was pulled. The wire is

difficult to spot in the darkness [Wits + Alertness (difficulty
8)]. Have each player make the roll when his character
approaches the wire.

The spears are connected by a single bar to give the
weapons (seven spears in each group) stability. Two sets of
spears fire from the left wall and, between those two, one set
of spears fires from the right wall. Each set is about five feet
from the next set.

All of the spear sets are controlled by counterweights
set deep in the walls, and the spears on the left wall have lost
a great deal of speed because their pulleys have rusted. Thus,
these two sets of spears will not spring fast enough to inflict
any real damage; however, they may trap vampires between
them. The character who tripped them must make a Dexter-
ity + Athletics roll (difficulty 8) or be trapped when the
spears imbed themselves into the earthen walls.

The third set of spears (the one on the right wall) still
works, but its triggering mechanism isa little rusty and it will
take an extra three turns for it to activate. The characters
should be concerned with freeing their comrades trapped
between the spears. Each time the characters pass the right
spear trap, it may go off (at the Storyteller's discretion) and
it will definitely go off if anybody touches the tripwire again
(which crosses the passage right below the unsprung spear
trap).

Drakonskyr's
Domain

A. Web of Bodies
B. Vision of Hell
C. Test of Patience

D. Gargoyles

E. Room of Silent Screams
F. Portal of the Future

G. The Black Flames

H. The Ziggurat

Chapter Four: The Barrow 43


The spears will hit the character(s) who set it off unless
that character can score three successes on a Wits + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 8) and then three more ona Dexterity +
Dodge roll (difficulty 9). The spears inflict seven dice of
damage upon anyone hit. The Storyteller should roll one die
for each character hit by the spears; on a roll of a one, that
character has been impaled through the heart by the wooden
shaft.

3. Pit Traps

Each of the numbers indicates an area where the floor
gives way, rotating on a central axle and dumping whoever
steps on either end into a 30-foot pit. In addition, the floor
will rotate around to reseal the pit, making it difficult to
rescue a character inside and making it impossible for a
character to free himself. The traps are impossible to spot,
and the characters will only spot them by probing the floor
ahead of them or by falling in.

The bottom of the pits are covered with two-foot
wooden spikes. The fall will inflict four Health Levels of
falling damage, which may be soaked (difficulty 8), and the
spikes cause an additional four dice of damage. In addition,
ona roll of 1 or 2, one of the wooden spikes has impaled the
vampire through the heart, immobilizing her.

Once the characters have located all the pits, they may
maneuver around them by making a successful Dexterity +

Athletics roll (difficulty 8). Failure means a character
cannot get past the pits, while a botch means she falls into
one.

4. Primitive Napalm

Several wooden poles block the passage here. Each isan
inch thick, and they form bars no more than four inches
apart. Removing the bars triggers a trap door in the ceiling,
from which tar will pour upon all those standing under-
neath. Originally, flint and steel were included in the trap,
to light the tar on fire and cause the person underneath to
ignite like a Roman candle.

Like many of Tiamat's traps, the years have done their
damage (despite Tiamat's spells to protect them) and the
flint and steel no longer work. Thus, the character(s) will
only be covered in sticky, smelly tar. However, if a vampire
so attacked just happens to be carrying a fire source or is later
hit with flames, he will ignite, taking three Health Levelsa
turn. These may be soaked with Fortitude only (difficulty 5).
The tar may be scraped off, but this will take at least 10
rounds and a vampire immersed in burning tar is likely to go
into frenzy.

Vampires seeing their comrade in flames must roll their
Courage (difficulty 5) to avoid Rétschreck. Only an excep-
tional Courage roll (four or more successes) will allow a
vampire to attempt to scrape burning tar froma friend. The

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Storyteller should set a target number based on the charac-
ters' friendship (or lack thereof) for one another. Good
friends will have a much easier time helping one another.

It is possible that several vampires are examining the
bars when the trap is triggered. If any of them is holding a
flame source, the whole group should catch fire.

The tar itself will cover the entire width of the hallway
five feet before the door. Even if the characters somehow
avoid being drenched in the foul stuff, they may still have to
walk through it to get to the next room.

5. The Wolf

This chamber is filled with bones of all kinds. Horse,
dog, rodent and human bones lie everywhere. In the center
of the room the bones are mostly those of small rodents and
are only a few inches deep, but in the corners the piles reach
four feetor more in height.

Hiding among the bones, waiting in ambush, is a large
Lupine skeleton animated by Tiamat before her long rest. It
will only emerge once the characters have entered the
room. Once inside, the creature will arise and attack the
characters. It cannot pass beyond the entrance to the
barrow, though it is free to move within the confines of the
barrow. It knows how to avoid the pit traps in the first
corridor.

The skeleton does not have sentience as such. It is no
more than an automaton, a large bone robot, and it can only
do what it was magically programmed to do. It is in wolfman
form and cannot shapeshift. Furthermore, its attacks are
limited in their creativity and, given the same tactical
situation, it will do the same thing over and over again, no
matter what the consequences.

After four rounds of hand-to-hand combat with the
skeleton (if anyone can last that long), the characters may
make Wits + Brawl rolls (difficulty 9, but the difficulty
decreases by one for each extra round the fight continues)
to see if they notice a pattern in the creature's movements
and attacks. A character who makes this roll gains an
additional die in her Dice Pool for each success scored on
the roll. After very prolonged combat (10 roundsat least),
the Storyteller may rule that particularly fastor skilled
vampires have memorized the pattern of the skeleton's
attack, enabling them to avoid all attacks.

Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 7, Stamina 7

Attacks: Claws — six-dice attack (seven dice aggra-
vated damage), Teeth — six-dice attack (nine dice
aggravated damage).

Health Levels: OK/OK/-1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapacitated

The skeleton begins each turn with the equivalent of
three initiative successes and can make one claw attack and
one bite attack each turn. Ituses its Stamina to soak damage,
aggravated or not, but cannot regenerate. All missile weap-
ons have their difficulties to hit increased by one, and

bullets do only one die of damage (they only chip bones),
though shotguns do two dice. Silver bullets and melee
weapons do normal damage to the skeleton.

If the skeleton is somehow lit on fire, its bones will
crack and become brittle. This will reduce its Physical
Attributes to 3. However, it takes at least 10 minutes for the
fire to have this effect. In addition, the skeleton continues
to attack even if immolated, only now it will light vampires
on fire if ithits them. An ordinary torch waved in its face has
no effect.

6. Hall of Razors

This long corridor is very narrow, only about three feet
wide. The entire length of the corridor is covered with long,
thin razors on the ceiling and both walls. Each razor extends
for a foot into the corridor. The blades are magically
enchanted by Tiamat to remain extremely sharp and free of
rust despite years of neglect. They are also extremely diffi-
cult to break (Strength Feat of 6 to make any progress down
the corridor atall), and even then the broken razors will still
be sharp and jagged.

A character wishing to traverse the corridor by break-
ing razors in front of him must move very slowly in order to
breakall the razors in his path. Because there are many razors
(each is 10 to 20 feet long and runs horizontally down the
corridor), and because each razor immediately follows the
last one, this can be very slow, taking at least four hours.

For every 10 feet of corridor a character travels, he will
take three dice of damage. This may be resisted in the usual
way. Ifa vampire tries to run through the razors, he will take
five dice of damage per 10-foot distance. If a character has
broken the razors; he may make a Dexterity + Dodge roll
(difficulty 7) every 10 feet to avoid taking any damage.

A Courage roll (difficulty 7) is required simply to enter
the corridor. The Storyteller may wish to require Courage
rolls for every 10 feet traveled. Ifa character fails the roll, she
simply stops from the pain and refuses to move.

Being cut by paper-thin razors is a very painful experi-
ence and can easily cause a vampire to frenzy. For every two
Health Levels a character suffers, he must make a Self-
Control roll (difficulty 5) to avoid frenzy. Should a vampire
frenzy amid the razors, he will take five dice of damage per
turn until he is free of the hall. Most frenzying vampires will
attempt to move backward, because this is the last place that
they were safe. If the exit is clearly visible, a frenzying
vampire may move forward. Of course, there may be other
vampires following a character when he frenzies, and this
could have unfortunate consequences.

Doing anything unusual (like stopping a frenzying
vampire or fighting a skeletal Lupine) in the Hall of Razors
can be extremely painful. The Storyteller may want to
award extra damage for special actions, though few things
will inflict any more than five dice of damage and most extra
actions should probably inflict one or two dice of damage.

Chapter Four: The Barrow 45


+ a
cH

The easiest way to cross through the razors without
high levels of Protean would be to walk sideways, but this
requires the character to make a Dexterity + Athletics roll
(difficulty 8) or take the normal damage. A character could
also wrap herself in a thick leather hide or similar armor. If
the hide is thick enough, the character might not take any
damage at all. This is how the barrow's builders used to pass
through this area. Note that the fear of being cut by the
terrible blades may be enough to cause a frenzy roll, even if
a vampire is so protected (at the Storyteller's discretion).

7. Pit of the Sun

This ingenious little trap is designed solely to kill
vampires. Like the other pits, this one is covered by a
revolving trap door that rotates on a single axle halfway
across the pit. Those who fall in cannot see the corridor.
This pit is 30 feet deep, like the others, and vampires who
fall in will take the usual falling damage.

The pit's walls are covered with flat sheets of mica, a
common and reflective rock. There are also several base-
ball-sized holes in the walls. If a character looks deep inside
one of these holes, she will be able to see moonlight or
perhaps a plant or two. In fact, she is not looking directly at
these things. These holes lead to complex passageways
going all the way to the surface. They also have mirrors
inside of them, and these reflect light into the pit. Naturally,
this is extremely dangerous should any vampires be down
here when the sun rises. The reflective mica walls will
permeate the room with sunlight, frying any vampires
unfortunate enough to be trapped here.

Fortunately, many of the holes and mirrors designed to
bring light into this pit have been blocked by rubbish and
are no longer working. Thus, sunlight will not enter the pit
until at least 10.a.m., and the sunlight is considered indirect
(difficulty 3 to soak, though characters must have Fortitude
to attempt a soak roll). It, causes three Health Levels of
damage.

This should not be too bad, but remember that this
damage occurs every turn, not once in a while. Vampires
may have to rush to escape from the sunlight because
eventually they are going to botch a roll, no matter how
tough they are.

8. Hall of Fire

This long hall is magically kept warm — very warm —
by Tiamat's power. Originally, the hall was full of roaring
flames. Now, after centuries of sleep, Tiamat's spell has
grown weak and the room is simply very hot. The tempera-
ture is about 350 degrees Fahrenheit and it will remain at
that temperature no matter what the characters do.

All vampires traversing this corridor must make three
Stamina + Fortitude soak rolls (difficulty 6) to avoid taking
damage from the heat. The base damage is three Health

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Levels. If the Diabolists wrap themselves in wet blankets or
something similar, they may make it through this corridor
with little or no damage.

9. Fool's Gold

Here is the false tomb of Tiamat, set up to deter any
grave robbers who might have gotten this far or any vam-
pires who might be distracted by wealth. A large, gold-plated
sarcophagus rests in the center of the room, while scattered
all around are hundreds of items of immense value to
collectors and antiquarians. Golden plates, cups, tapestries,
weapons and many other artifacts from the glorious days of
Rome lie about, all well preserved and in good condition. It
is an archaeologist's dream come true.

Inside the sarcophagus is a vampire —a villager Tiamat
Embraced and forced into torpor. The vampire isa Ventrue,
but she is only of fifth generation. The Ritual of the Bitter
Rose will not work on her because her generation is a little
too high, though she is still a target for diablerie in the
normal way. She is old and withered, and she looks virtually
dead.

If, for some strange reason, the characters give her
blood, she will awaken from torpor and, using broken Latin,
plead forhelp from the Diabolists. She will not recognize the

characters' dress and will thus assume they must be Romans,
as Romans always wore strange clothing.

Most vampires will simply drink from her, which will
allow one of them to lower her generation in the usual
manner. Thinking their quest finished, the Kindred may
simply take the Roman artifacts and leave. This is just what
Tiamat hopes, of course.

In fact, underneath the sarcophagus is a stairwell lead-
ing down and into the final corridor — and Drakonskyr's
domain. The sarcophagus can be moved (Strength Feat of
6, or 5 if the vampire is removed).

If the vampires have the proper contacts for such
things, the artifacts can be sold for a great deal of money. If
they have contacts in this area, they could sell the goods for
several million dollars; ifnot, they might be able to sell them
toa museum for at least a few hundred thousand. Of course,
if the characters are feeling very generous, they might
simply give the artifacts away to a poor museum that never
could afford to purchase such things.

The golden goods are the results of one of Tiamat's
spells. If the Storyteller does not want this much loot in the
characters' hands, she may declare that the treasure reverts
to clay pots and wooden plates when the characters leave
the tomb.

Chapter Four: The Barrow 47


Domain of the
Demon

As discussed previously, this entire section is physically
located in the tunnel that connects the false tomb with
Tiamat's real tomb. The areas are ordered by letters so there
will be no confusion with Tiamat's traps. As stated before,
these rooms can appear in any order that the Storyteller
likes, except for the final encounter (H), which should be
saved for last.

The Rules of
Drakonskyr's Halls

As befits an area constructed by the crazed imagination
of a trapped demon, Drakonskyr's domain operates accord-
ing to its own unique laws. Generally this has the effect of
making the characters more emotional or prone to internal
conflicts of all sorts (or anything else the Storyteller de-
sires).

Specifically, the Storyteller should increase by two the
difficulties of all frenzy rolls. This represents the anxiety
inspired by this place. Courage rolls are often required as
well, and these are included in the text, though the Story-
teller may require any more that she likes. Once a character
has seen something truly terrible, it is possible that some-
thing simple may frighten him terribly even if there is no
danger. When the Storyteller believes that the characters
should be scared, have them make Courage rolls. Failed
Courage rolls often result in the character becoming para-
lyzed with terror, though they can cause a frenzy under
certain circumstances.

Once the characters have entered Drakonskyr's halls,
there is no escape until Drakonskyr is dead or has fled
Tiamat's body. Because physical space has no meaning in
Drakonskyr's halls, characters cannot simply turn around
and walk out. Instead, they enter another section of the
demon's psyche.

Because this area is illusory, however, characters who
take enough damage to meet their Final Deaths herein are
not destroyed. Should the other characters succeed in
slaying Tiamat, they will find the characters in the corridor
(which will revert to its normal state). The damaged char-
acters will be in torpor, and they will have neither Willpower
nor Blood Points, having spent them trying to heal nonex-
istent damage. They remain in torpor for as long as their
Humanity dictates.

Betrayal

Drakouskyr hav'always-been obsessed with  besayal'
and this obsession: has grown over the'yeam-The'demon
feels that it was betrayed by Tiamat when she refused to
release its spirit after it had finished helping her with her

problems. Betrayal should become a serious problem for the
Diabolists,a group that has probably never been trustworthy
in the first place. When the characters enter Drakonskyr's
domain, the Storyteller needs to encourage them to betray
one another.

This can be done by breeding distrust among the
players. Write notes back and forth between them and
instruct players to write notes to you, even if they have
nothing to say. Limited blood can also cause distrust among
the vampires, as can jealousy. Storytellers can add small
treasures throughout the corridors, and allow the characters
to bicker over them. The items are not real, of course, but
vampires may become jealous of each other's treasures,
sowing the seeds of distrust and suspicion.

The Corridors

Note that the corridors of Drakonskyr's area of the
barrow vary widely in appearance. Returning along a previ-
ously traveled corridor does not guarantee that the passage
will have the same appearance. You, as the Storyteller, may
decide what each corridor looks like. Below are a few
suggestions to inspire your own ideas of what the various
passageways and paths through the mind of a demon might
look like. These are not the areas described on the map;
those come later.

A. The corridor appears to be the inside of a living
creature. The soft, pink walls undulate gently. The air is
humid and the walls are moist. Perhaps muscles, bones or
organs are visible. The interior does not need to be anatomi-
cally correct for any known organism.

A twist to this theme is to make the interior of the body
dead. The walls of the esophagus (or whatever) have turned
gray and cold and the stench of death fills the air. Perhaps
the walls are ruptured in places and bones can be seen
showing through. Little spiders and worms scuttle and
wriggle across the floor feeding on the decaying matter.

B. The corridor is filled with primitive torture de-
vices, many of which Drakonskyr has invented. They are all
hard iron things, covered in spikes and rust. Perhaps there
are dead victims in the various instruments, or perhaps the
victims are still alive and they froth and beg silently as the
characters pass by.

C. Thecorridoris filled with countless bits of personal
junk, glasses, clothing, wallets, loose change and watches.
All of the items are broken or torn to shreds and some have
blood on them. The items come from all time periods —
some wallets are made of synthetic leather and some are
pouches of fine felt that might have been worn on the belt
of an 18th-century noble. The demon draws any anachro-
nistic items (i.e., items from a period after Tiamat entered
torpor) from the memories of the characters.

D. The walls and floors look like they are made of skin
and the skin has several fresh gashes located here and there.
If anybody touches the wounds, faraway moans are heard.

48 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


E. The walls are black and crumbly like volcanic
tock. Gasses spurt from fissures, making the air reek of sulfur
and other poisonous gasses. All along the walls are the
shapes of humans, their mouths open as if to scream and
their hands reaching out toward the middle of the corridor
as though they had been covered in lava where they stood.
If a statue is broken, no human corpse will be discovered
inside — only black stone.

F. The corridor is made of cool marble and the walls
are covered in exotic decorations. Statues and gargoyles
adorn the hall in classic Gothic style. Suits of armor,
complete with weapons, decorate the walls. Candles hang
along each wall, and perhaps a candelabra can be dimly seen
dancing down the corridor ahead of the characters.

G. The corridor changes into a pathway through the
woods or another outdoor location. In order to stay in the
true tunnel, one must stay on the path. Should the charac-
ters stray from the path, they must find their way back to it
before they can enter another chamber and continue with
their search for the resting place of Tiamat.

Who knows what terrible creatures or strange events
the Storyteller might conjure up to drive them from the
path? Perhaps a group of mounted knights suddenly appears
and rides down the path, expecting the vampires (obviously
peasants) to step aside. When the knights are confronted,
the knights refuse to talk; if they are forced to open a visor,
the characters realize that the knights have no skin.

The trick to all of these corridor ideas is to keep them
creepy, not just gross or disgusting. Keep the players off
balance — when they think things are starting to make
sense, throw them a curve that makes no sense whatsoever.
Perhaps coming down the other end of the path opposite the
knights (from idea "G" above) isan MLA main battle tank.
The tank is a figment of Drakonskyr's imagination, so the
Storyteller doesn't need to explain it. Drakonskyr can sense
the Diabolists entering the tomb through the murk of its
sleep. Their fear feeds the demon's mind and its mind
instinctively provides the terror to enhance their fear.

The Damned

Many people roam the halls of Drakonskyr's imagina-
tion. None of the people are real, forall have been reinvented
from Drakonskyr's memories. The demon tortures and slays
them in its own version of hell, but because the victims are
not real, they never die. These characters can appear any-
where — simply add them as desired or make a random roll
to determine whether one is encountered.

1. Cleopatra walks the halls in all of her Egyptian
finery. An asp clamps each of her breasts and her skin peels
away as she slowly rots. Needless to say, such terror is enough
to drive anyone screaming and moaning to the brink of
insanity. She believes that she is still beautiful and she will
throw herself at male vampires in hopes of getting their
attention.

2. Augustus Caesar is also in a degenerate state. He is
forced to crawl around on his hands and knees with a chain
around his neck. He is led about by a small, perfect little
child not more than eight years old. Every now and then the
child stops and orders Augustus to do something pointless
and demeaning; Augustus grudgingly obeys.

3. A beautiful woman and a handsome man are
chained to the wall opposite one another. Each screams and
watches as the other is eaten alive by snakes and beetles.
The chains are made of a hard, cold iron and are unbreak-
able. The two cannot be killed, though they will show the
effects of wounds.

4. Socrates has his tongue cut out and lies in a pool of
simmering fat. He is pierced with many spears and has
wounds all over his body. Not very imaginative of
Drakonskyr, but its hatred of Socrates runs deep, as Socrates
made a fool of Tiamat (and thus the demon) in public once.

5. A fat Roman man (Nero) runs around in circles,
screaming and gibbering hysterically as his entire body
burns. This is a bit of a joke on Drakonskyr's part; Nero was
often blamed for a major fire in Rome that did great damage
to the Kindred and kine of that city.

6. Tiamat appears many times in a variety of terrible
places. Drakonskyr cuts, burns, bleeds, maims, slices and
dices Tiamat in hundreds of different ways. The Diabolists
may be surprised when they face Tiamat at the end of the
adventure and realize she is the woman they have seen so
often in Drakonskyr's cursed halls.

The Zombies

As explained above, many of the "Damned" roam
through Drakonskyr's domain. Most of the time these
creatures will not be aggressive, but under certain circum-
stances the vampires may wish to attack them. In this case,
the dead have the following stats: Physical 4, Social 0,
Mental 1. The zombies also have a Brawling Talent and a
Melee Skill of 2. For the most part, the zombies will not
attack the characters, but will defend themselves if neces-
sary. They have no Blood Points, though they may appear
to bleed.

The Mouth Doors

Doors shaped like mouths are common among
Drakonskyr's halls. Sometimes they are made of stone; other
times they are made of flesh and blood. These mouths may
bite, doing five or six dice of damage, depending on what the
Storyteller prefers at that point. They may be avoided by a
successful dive through the doors using Dexterity and either
Acrobatics or Dodge (difficulty is variable, but should be at
least 7). These doors appear whenever you like. If the door
is made of stone, it may be slower (making the test to jump
through easier), but it may inflict more damage.

Chapter Four: The Barrow 49


The Rooms
A. Web of Bodies

This chamber contains approximately 50 human bod-
ies blocking the large (30-foot-wide) exit on the other side
of the room. The bodies are held together like paper dolls;
each body's arm and leg are grafted to the arm and leg of his
companion to either side. They are joined to the walls of the
exit by extra limbs that grow directly into the wall. The
humans are all nude and barely conscious. They stare
straight ahead without saying a word.

In the center of the room is a large, black scimitar on a
stone pedestal. The only way to get past the human wall is
to cut a way through. Once all of the characters are in the
chamber, the doors through which they entered close (or
snap shut) with a crunch, prohibiting any escape.

The bodies are too close together for any but the
smallest person to squeeze through and the ceiling to the
exit is extremely low, making it impossible to crawl or vault
over them. The only option is to heft the heavy sword and
cut through while blood spurts everywhere and the human
paper dolls scream and wail in agony. Blood Points can be
gained from these bodies if any vampire has the guts to feed
from these abominations.

If the characters opt to cut their way through, the
humans will cry piteously as they are sliced by the blade.
Unless the vampires have Humanity scores of three or
lower, they must succeed in Conscience checks (difficulty
6) toavoid losing Humanity. Several limbs must be hewn to
clear a path to the exit, as the bodies are arranged several
rows deep.

B. Vision of Hell

This room contains terrible images of hell straight from
the mind of Drakonskyr. A 25-foot-wide river of boiling
blood flows across the path. All sorts of people stand in this
river. Some are in the shallows while others are up to their
necks in the hot, thick blood. All are howling in pain, toa
greater or lesser degree depending on how deep in the river
they stand. They are, of course, all naked so they can
properly feel the pain.

It is unlikely that the characters will recognize any but
a few of those being punished. All are murders and killers.
The amount of killing they did (or ordered done) deter-
mines how deep in the river they are. Sulla, Julius Caesar,
Alexander the Great and Brutus are all here, along with
countless other killers who committed their own private
murders up to the time when Tiamat went to sleep.

The characters are also present here. Duplicates of the
characters can be found in the river in proportion to the
number of people they have killed. Because the vampires

50 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


have entered the tomb, they have affected this nebulous
area of reality and imprinted part of themselves upon it. Any
character who has committed diablerie (an act of cannibal-
ism), murder or betrayal, will be in the river at least up to her
waist. If a character has been especially brutal, she may not
even be fully visible, being immersed over her face.

Vaulting across the river requires a Dexterity + Acro-
batics roll (difficulty 7) and at least two successes. Rolling
only one success indicates that the character has only gotten
halfway across and has managed to grab onto orstand on one
of the people in the river. At this point another test (also
difficulty 7) can be taken. This time one success is enough
tocross the rest of the river. Failure means the character has
fallen in.

Any character who falls in takes three Health Levels of
damage, which can be soaked normally. The damage is not
aggravated because the river is not quite hot enough.
Drinking the blood is not a very good idea; it is very hot and
will inflict one automatic Health Level of damage (this time
aggravated) to any character who drinks it. If the characters
collect some blood and wait for it to cool, it will coagulate,
making it undrinkable.

C. Test of Patience

Drakonskyr delights in torture and its imagination
enjoys pain. This room is obviously made of flesh and it
looks like the inside of a human organ. In the middle of the

room, a light diffracts from a membrane overhead. The rest
of the room is very dark. There is a very large mouth on the
opposite side of the chamber.

As soon as any character steps into the light the mouth
speaks: "Cross the light and be destroyed." At this point,
pseudo-humanoid creatures made of uncovered muscle will
start to emerge from the fleshy walls. They have no real faces
or eyes, and seem to be made of living masses of tissue. They
begin to attack the characters. The characters inside cannot
leave (at least according to the mouth) and those on the
outside cannot enter the room.

The fleshy creatures should win. Make sure of that. As
long as the characters do not cross the light, they will be
killed by the fleshy creatures, while their comrade inside the
light watches on, screaming and shouting warnings but
unable to do anything about it.

In fact, the entire scene of the characters outside the
light being killed is just an illusion. If the one vampire stays
inside the light until the end, the light will dim and he will
see his friends staring at him strangely — not surprising
considering he has spent the last couple of minutes jumping
around and shouting warnings to them about things they
could not see. If the character did not leave the light until
the end of the illusory combat, the mouth on the opposite
side of the room will open and the characters can leave by
that exit.

Chapter Four: The Barrow 51


If the light is crossed, the illusory combat will suddenly
halt, at least from the point of view of the character inside
the light. Suddenly, several fleshy creatures will erupt from
the walls and begin to attack the party. These creatures are
quite real. They have no drinkable blood.

Fleshy Creatures

Physical: Five dice in all Physical Attributes. Other
Attributes are unimportant.

Attacks: Claw — five dice to hit and five dice damage.

Health Levels: OK/-1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapacitated

D. Gargoyles

This small "chamber" is really only an extension of the
corridor, and ends ina large door. The entire area looks like
an old Gothic castle, complete with black marble floors and
stout wooden doors with iron fittings. Across the room,
crouching atop pedestals on either side of the two large
double doors, are two huge gargoyles. They have been
carved to look like winged demons, with four arms and
grimacing faces. Both have large fangs and what look like
razor-sharp claws — sharper than any stone ought to be.

As the characters enter, have all of them make Percep-
tion + Alertness rolls (difficulty 6), and tell the character
with the most successes that he believes he saw one gargoyle's
wing twitch a little bit as the characters entered. The doors
are both closed and the characters will have to pass by the
gargoyles to reach the doors.

The characters must make Courage rolls (difficulty 8)
in order not to feel any fear. Otherwise, they become
frightened and quake a little as they stand between the two
hulking sculptures. These gargoyles are alive, and they sense
fear. In fact, they can sense nothing save the emanations of
fear. They can always find someone who is afraid. Thus, the
only way to get past the creatures is to feel no fear at all. If
the characters feel any fear at all, the gargoyles will animate
and attack. Fortunately, the gargoyles are extremely slow,
attacking only once every other turn and taking at least a
turn to cross the chamber if the characters retreat from
them.

Once the characters start moving, they must continue
to make Courage rolls (difficulty 9), accumulating three
successes to stop fearing the creatures. A Perception +
Empathy roll (difficulty 8) will reveal that the gargoyles
cannot see in the conventional sense. They do not turn
their heads when guns fire at them, nor do they even seem
to notice when they are attacked. They do notice shouts of
pain, fear or terror. The gargoyles ignore all others in their
attempt to destroy the character who is most afraid (either
the first one to fail a Courage roll or the one who has scored
the fewest successes once the gargoyles have become ac-
tive).

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


Any character who realizes this fact, either because she
figured it out or because another character tells her, may
reduce the difficulties of all subsequent Courage rolls (to 6).
However, nothing provokes fear like pain, so each Health
Level a character suffers causes her to lose one of her
accumulated successes on the Courage roll. Characters can
gain negative successes in this way; these they must first
remove before they can accumulate the three required
successes.

Once all the characters have accumulated three suc-
cesses, the gargoyles can no longer see any of them and they
return their perches. They ignore anything else that hap-
pens in the room, either to themselves or to the door.

Gargoyles

Physical: Strength 9, Dexterity 4, Stamina 9

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 5

Attacks: Claws — six dice (nine dice of damage)

Health Levels: OK/OK/-1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapacitated

No other stats have any importance. They scowl and
hunt for scared vampires. They have no Blood Points. Their
claw attacks are not aggravated. The gargoyles are ex-
tremely tough and cannot be hurt by firearms. The only
practical way to pass them is to notice how they fight and to
take courage from it.

E. Room of Silent Screams

This room is filled with approximately 20 people. All of
them are covered in terrible wounds, and their mouths are
open wide in screams of pure agony. Actually, the characters
can only assume the victims are screaming, for the room is
as silent as a crypt. When the characters try to speak to one
another, they discover that they cannot make a sound. Do
not let the players speak aloud to one another and do not let
them write notes to one another unless their characters
brought pen and paper into the barrow.

Lurking in this room is a terrible creature that looks
much like Drakonskyr might look were it corporeal. Big
enough to dominate the room, the creature has deep red
skin, several arms and a long, barbed tail. Its face is like a
man's, only more sinister and pointed. It has a great mane of
hair flowing down its back and a sinister goatee on its face.
In its hands it carries a great flaming sword, which it uses to
deadly effect. Unfortunately, the creature is invisible when
the characters enter.

In fact, the creature will never attack unless its assault
will only be noticed by one of the characters. Because the
room inhibits noise, the characters will not be able to hear
it and because it is invisible, they will not be able to see it.
The creature usually attacks those in the rear of the group.
The creature appears for only a second, strikes and then
disappears again.

If a character attempts to communicate with the
wounded people, she notices that the wounds are sur-

rounded by burn scars, and that the people are mouthing
something (in Latin) between their screams. In fact, what
they are saying over and over is, "The thing which will not
beseen." This may inform the characters of what is goingon,
but to decipher the message they must speak Latin, make
Perception + Linguistics rolls (difficulty 9) and accumulate
three successes. If they spend a lot of time in the room, the
Storyteller may want to reduce the difficulty, but characters
should not spend too much time here.

In order to keep from getting attacked, the characters
may form a ring with each character facing out and then try
to cross the room in this fashion. However, this will allow
the creature to strike at its choice of targets from inside the
ting. The best method is to form a ring facing inward. That
way, everybody is always visible to everybody else. The
creature will not attack a target being watched by another.

The creature does five dice of aggravated damage with
its sword. The creature cannot be harmed by bullets, and
because it always gains surprise and first attack on its target,
it is not really possible for the characters to kill it. They can
keep it back if they wave weapons of some type in front of
themselves, but the creature likes to attack from behind
anyway. Unless there is a reason it cannot do that, it always
strikes from the rear. It appears with a shimmer of light,
silently slays its target, and is gone before anyone is the
wiser. Indeed, wounded characters may not even be able to
get their friends' attention if they are at the rear of the group.

F. Portal of the Future

This large doorway is made of a black, shiny, obsidian-
like stone. Nothing but smoke and darkness can be seen
through the doorway. "Portal of the Future" is written in
English (or whatever language the characters speak) over
the doorway. When the Diabolists enter, they see a vision
of the future — or so they assume.

The image is very clear and shows Tiamat's ziggurat,
located in Room H. Each character sees a different vision,
but the theme of each vision is the same. Each character sees
himself about to drink from Tiamat. As he stoops to drink,
he is attacked from behind by one of his comrades, who
mortally wounds him. The attacker then fights the other
members of the coterie while the character expires quietly
in a corner, the victim of betrayal.

As mentioned earlier, Drakonskyr is obsessed with
betrayal. The demon thus encourages the characters to fight
one another. If Drakonskyr were fully conscious, it would
help them find Tiamat, of course. It yearns to be free and
would do anything to further that cause. However, the
sleeping demon's cruel subconscious can only hinder others.

When describing the vision (best to tell each player
privately or via note), concoct the most likely scenarios. If
two characters argue frequently, each should see himself
being slain by the other. If one character has threatened the
others, those threatened should see themselves being slain

Chapter Four: The Barrow 53


by the first character. Follow the natural conflicts of the
party to give these lies a certain amount of possible truth;
that way, they will be much easier to believe.

G. The Black Flames

Here is Drakonskyr's final trick. Large, frightening
black flames fill this chamber, but they do not radiate any
heat. Vampires must make the usual Courage rolls (diffi-
culty 6) to draw near the flames, but even if they put their
hands in the fire, they are not burned. The characters can
easily walk through the flames to the other side of the room
without taking any damage. There is a catch, of course.

Each character who walks through the flames gains
power over another, and the character instinctively knows
it. As each character walks out of the fire, he sees his hands
burn with the black flame and he knows that, if he wishes,
he can use this flame on another character to kill her. The
flame will work on only one character —a character named
by the Storyteller. It will automatically destroy that charac-
ter — no attack roll is needed and no soak will save the
victim. The Storyteller should name characters who are
already suspicious of one another, usually the ones seen in
the "Portal of the Future" encounter above.

H. The Ziggurat

Here is Tiamat's resting place. The room looks like a
large black cavern, complete with stalactites and bats. The
chamber is very large (at least in Drakonskyr's mind) and
contains at its center a small ziggurat with five tiers, each
five feet high. Resting atop the final tier is a plain stone
sarcophagus with no ornamentation or inscription. The
ziggurat looks very old and very worn. It is, in fact, an exact
copy of a ziggurat in Ur where Tiamat spent a great deal of
time and that Drakonskyr remembers well.

The lid to the sarcophagus is very difficult to open
(Strength Feat of 6 to move it). Once this is done, agrinding
and cracking can be heard from the ceiling. Suddenly a
torrent of dark liquid floods down over the now-open
sarcophagus and douses Tiamat's withered body in fresh,
warm blood. Vampires who are on the ziggurat may drink
from the blood and regain up to four Blood Points. While
this is happening, however, Tiamat will awakenygaining 20
Blood Points from the magically stored blood that just
flooded from the ceiling.

Tiamat shows no mercy. She knows only that her
eternal battle with Drakonskyr has turned for the worse and
that the demon has gained powerful allies in these Diabo-
lists. She has struggled so long and has come so far that she
does not dare to negotiate. Only combat can win her war
with Drakonskyr now, and the Diabolists must die. Even
were they to flee, she would have to pursue them in order to
ensure that they do not tell others of her barrow.

In combat, Tiamat uses all of her Disciplines to best
effect, trying to conserve both her Blood Points and her
Willpower. However, she mustalso conserve her Willpower

for another reason. Each turn she must make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 9). Failure indicates that Drakonskyr gains
control of her body, though for that turn only.

If or when Drakonskyr gains control, it will completely
drop Tiamat's guard, making her as vulnerable as possible.
The characters will see Tiamat's face twist with emotion as
she desperately tries to maintain control of her own body.
Unfortunately, Tiamat also subconsciously wants to lose. It
is said that older Cainites cannot truly be slain unless they
allow it to happen. Tiamat is so tired of her battle that she
hardly wants to live. She wishes for oblivion and, with the
Diabolists disturbing her sleep, she has realized that she will
never truly have oblivion. There will always be those who
would violate her sleep and take her blood. Worse, they
would release Drakonskyr on the world, something she has
dedicated her life to preventing. She grows very tired of
holding the demon, and even her sleep is tiring. There is no
true rest for her and she secretly yearns for death.

If Tiamat dies, Drakonskyr is freed. Its first action is to
possess the body of one of the Diabolists, enabling it to learn
how the world has changed during the last 15 centuries.
Once this is done, Drakonskyr will leave the Diabolist and
escape to work what evil it can on the world. The Diabolists
can perform the Ritual of the Bitter Rose (if they know it)
or can have one of them drink the blood of Tiamat and go
home.

Once Drakonskyr has left Tiamat's body, it will take the
sword, simply teleporting it away from the characters and
retrieving the blade later at its convenience. Without
Tiamat to restrain it, the demon has great power, though
somewhat diminished by centuries of inactivity.

Aftermath

If the Diabolists get lucky, they may survive the barrow
and flee with Tiamat's power. In this case, the Storyteller
will have a powerful demon loose in her chronicle. If she
does not want Drakonskyr there, there are several things she
can do.

For instance, Drakonskyr has the power to destroy
itself. Thus, if Tiamat's last Health Level is taken by the
Sword of Nul, perhaps Drakonskyr's reign of terror ends
with her. The Sword, forged by the demon's own hand, can
banish its spirit back to the plane from where it came.

On the other hand, Drakonskyr can make an interest-
ing addition to any chronicle. Whenever anything terrible
happens around the world, the Kindred might wonder if the
creature that possessed one of them is responsible. Because
possession is a very intimate experience, the Diabolist who
was possessed by Drakonskyr will know a great deal about
the demon. He will know what Drakonskyr was and how
long the demon was held by Tiamat. He willalso understand
who Tiamat was and what she was trying to do by holding
onto Drakonskyr.

54 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain

Drakonskyr can show up later in your chronicle or the
characters could make it their mission to hunt the demon
down, thereby cleansing themselves of their sin (and re-
gaining some Humanity, but what do Diabolists care about
that?). It is entirely their fault that it is free, and they may
feel responsible for it.

How such a being can be killed is up to the Storyteller;
perhaps the only solution is to trick it into possessing one of
the characters. The character then holds onto its spirit,

much as Tiamat did, and thereby keeps Drakonskyr from
running wild. Perhaps a vampire so possessed might return
to Tiamat's barrow and sleep away eternity, in a living
prison for the most terrible criminal the world has ever
known. Onlya great hero could hope to accomplish this and
Diabolists are not known for their heroism. The only other
option is to let Drakonskyr go free, and wait to see when it
will curn up next.

Chapter Four: The Barrow 55



pendix:
Notes on the >

. Jyhad

When the lamb opened the seventh seal, silence covered the sky.
— Enigma, "A.D. MCMXC"

All Kindred fear Gehenna, the time when the
Antediluvians shall awaken from their centuries of sleep.
None are sure when this will happen, or even if it ever will.
Many Kindred have made conjectures, voiced opinions and
even performed scholarly research on the subject. Below are
the notes of Clan Tremere's Doctor Mortius concerning
Gehenna, and a translation of a text known as.Das Buch von
der Grabkrieg, which was written in the early Middle Ages.
It is included here for the Diabolist, for Diabolists often
study the Antediluvians and the Methuselahs. Hunting
such creatures in ignorance is a sure recipe for destruction.

This text is not commonly available to Licks, for the
Tremere have tried to restrict access to it. Several copies
have been secretly circulated among the Kindred, however,
and the text has gained a following among many anarchs,
who find the text fascinating. Most elders dismiss the
writing as the ravings of a madman. Still, some read it and
wonder.

Dr. Mortius himself was Embraced in 1566, several
centuries after the book was written, and he wrote this
current translation in the middle of this century. He is

currently on assignment for Clan Tremere and his where-
abouts are unknown.

Translator's Notes

Loosely translated, Das Buch von der Grabkrieg means
"The Book of the Grave-War." Itwas written by a Malkavian
in the 12th or 13th century A.D. The author's name has
been lost to the ag sire except
to refer to him (not her; the gender is masculine) as a
"vampire-father." Little else is known about this writer. The
writer refers to his clan as Malkavian, or so it would seem.
He uses a variety of invented symbols to denote the various
clans; certain symbols do not seem to relate to any particular
clan extant today. It is possible that they refer to minor
bloodlines.

He occasionally writes in an archaic Greek dialect that
disappeared from use 3,000 years ago. Otherwise, nothing
else is known. It is this translator's opinion that our anony-

s, and he does not mention his

mous Malkavian was more disturbed than most of his ilk, to
say the least. The text is almost unintelligible in its structure
and style, no matter how many languages one speaks. The
writer also obsesses upon several points and repeats them for

Appendix: Notes on the Jyhad 57


pages, sometimes repeating the same paragraph or stanza
(some of the book is written in verse) several times, word for
word.

Most of the text is written ina combination of German
and an apparent dialect of Linear A, which neither Kindred
nor kine has ever been able to translate. Fortunately, the
Linear A is confined to the middle portions of the text. The
author of the work does not split sentences between Linear
A and German, though paragraphs are sometimes split and
some pages alternate between both languages.

Physically, it is an unremarkable book, appearing to be
an illuminated manuscript of poor quality, and was probably
made in a monastery. The cover bears no title but the first
page displays it in the scribbling German hand that can be
found throughout the work. The style of the hand does not
change, which has convinced many that the book is the
product of one author and not several (as the poor organi-
zation would suggest).

Das Buch von der Grabkrieg is divided into seven cantos.
Each canto varies wildly in length and structure, and some
are entirely in verse form. Other cantos are part poem and
part prose, while others are entirely prose. Because of the
difficulties of rhyming in English, I have translated the
sections below only in prose, preserving the stanza structure
when it was used by the author himself. I have also done
little to cleanse the disorganized style from the text out of
fear of sacrificing meaning for clarity.

Each canto covers an age in the history of the world and
describes the Jyhad during that period. The author places
himself in the fourth age of history, with only three ages to
follow. Many attribute this to his own egocentric madness,
which dictates that he stand in the middle of all.

The following passages are pulled from many parts of
the book and I have placed them in as logical an order as
possible. In some cases I have rearranged the text in chro-
nological order. The third canto is almost unintelligible
(much of it is written in Linear A) and I have taken what I
could from later cantos to give some ideas of the events this
canto was meant to describe.

Das Buch von
der Grabkrieg

So we are told in the Book of Nod that Caine made but
three and we are also told that these were slain during the first
war where Caine's grandchilder arose and made war upon their
parents. Thus were the first and second ages of the world of the
grave. These grandchildren knew not the word of God. They
divided themselves from the tribes and they knew nothis word,
for all they knew was death. Such was their madness as it was
the madness of my grave-father ....!

It was during this great warring [of the second age] that
the three children of Caine were slain, or so it was believed,
but I fear that they shall reawaken in the last age of the
Kindred and surprise all, the greatest masters of the Jyhad.

' Here the author goes into one of his many tangents about madness and hatred. The text continues two pages later

when the author returns to the description of the first two ages.

58 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


What they shall doI cannot say. The voice? does not tell me.
Yet we may wonder. They obeyed Caine first and made no
more childer. It was not until Caine had left them that they
disobeyed him and produced the grandchilder. What they
shall do I cannot say. Perhaps it will not be something
terrible.

It was during the great warring that the tribes were
scattered and the Kindred? came into their own. Here many
of the tribes were born, but this is all spoken of in the Book
of Nod and my voice tells me that is not my purpose, for] will
tell of things to come, not things that have been and are
known to the many sleepers who rest under the earth.*

After the warring, there was a third age of the grave-
war. Known as "the sleeping," this was a time of peace for
many. Such a peace as is possible for those who drink from
life. Here many slept, scattering all over the world to avoid
the black Diabolist who would drink from their power. They
could be found everywhere, for their power was consider-
able. As they rested, they gathered their power and
manipulated those whom they had bred to do their bidding.
Rather than a time of peace it was truly a time of prepara-
tion; it was peaceful only because the sword had grown dull
and the lance was broken. Once reforged it would begin
again.

The eaten one® had come and so with him the fourth
age of the grave, the time of gathering. Now that the old
ones sleep, they fight and duel with one another, yet they
still gather strength and wait for the real battle to begin. The
death has come and soon new clans will be formed — clans
that would wish to destroy the world and make it all as the
grave. From their birth shall come other ages.

There will be a time when the mortals grow to be
strong. They will no longer be children but they will grow
until they can hunt us. They will discover us and hunt us to
the final death. This will happen when we grow careless and
allow them to discover us, not realizing the danger they will
present. The black ones will also be born at the beginning
of this fifth age, the age of discovery. The black ones will be
the eternal enemies of all the clans that exist. They are
unnatural and terrible and should not be allowed to walk the
earth. They are just pawns in the great game. Created by an
ancient Kindred, perhaps even one of Caine's first children,
they would turn the earth into eternal night.®

In the sixth age of the world there will come a time
when the children will not listen to their elders. When this
happens look to see the end, for it is nigh. The children will
gather in great numbers. Their elders' long centuries of
uncontrolled Embracing will have made many, and many
will not have wisely bestowed the living-death. These
childer will run through the streets of great cities and they
will not listen to reason. They will break the laws time and
time again.

There will be many vampires in each city, so many
vampires that blood will become scarce and the kine will
dream of us in their sleep and know in their hearts that we
are there though we may still hide from them, deceiving
them in the dark. Rebellion will be common. The black
ones will gain control of the greatest city on the earth and
the ruler of a mighty city will fall, slain by his own madness.
A mighty prince will be rescued from death by childer and
a great city will be consumed in flames. The Lupines will
helplessly rage against us. The humans will discover a

2 The author often speaks of a voice that tells him how to write and what to say. I should translate it as "Muse" but

poetry seems to have little to do with this voice's purpose.

> For the word Kindred or vampire, the author consistently uses the symbol of an ankh.

4 "Sleepers" probably refers to Kindred in torpor, not the dead. Despite his comments here, the author goes on to talk
a great deal about the Book of Nod and many events of human history.

5 The "eaten" one does not appear elsewhere in the text though there is reference to "one without blood."

° "The discovery" seems to refer to the Inquisition, which occurred 300 years after this text was written. The "black

ones" are doubt the Sabbat, who also did not exist at the time this was written — at least, not in any numbers.

Appendix: Notes on the Jyhad 59

terrible fire which we will keep safe by giving it to all so that
any who use it will be burned. Thus will the world fall into
chaos."

The last age of the world will last but for one year. The
oldones, the Antediluvians, will awaken and they will drink
the blood of their childer to gain strength, for the strength
of mortals no longer quenches them and they need the
blood of many Kindred to survive and grow in power.
Strengthened by this blood, the Kindred will do battle with
one another until only one remains. Thus will the Kindred
be destroyed for none shall survive that year save the one.

e
Epilogue
This is where Das Buch von der Grabkrieg ends. There
are several more pages that appear to be a kind of epilogue,
the author's notes or perhaps some of both. Most of it is
nonsense or unreadable; however, two passages stand out
from all of the others. They are translated below.

Verse I
Hunt the shadow-sleepers
Think not on fear or hate
Hunt them for blood
for Kindred's sake

Verse Il
They must not awaken
Slay the one
and there shall not be a one
when the sun sets

Finale

The voice will tell me nothing more. I plead, I beg for
more so that we may know what is to come after and so we

shall not live in despair of Gehenna. The voice may not
speak to any others and then this would all be lost. Still the
voice will not speak of after. There is no after for us, and yet
there is an after if kine survive. Yet the voice will not speak.
Silence. Silence.

Storytellers' Notes

Storytellers should feel free to use this in any way they
desire. The first three lines of Verse I have been used as a
Diabolists' creed, mumbled to give a Diabolist courage.
Some Diabolists claim that they hunt the old ones as a sort
of first strike against them so that their elders shall not hunt
other Kindred when they awaken.

Scholars of Kindred history do not have access to the
original text (only a select few of Clan Tremere do). Dr.
Mortius's essay is often the only source for information on
Das Buch von der Grabkrieg. This essay can be found in the
hands of some anarchs, who use it to justify their attacks on
the elders. They see itas an essay written by an elder, and the
translated section of the book does not show the elders ina
flattering light. It also foretells the coming of the anarchs,
and they use this to justify their existence and activities.

Many elders do not take the text and essay to be other
than idle curiosities. The essay has been translated into
English, French, German, Spanish, Italian and several Slavic
tongues. Any copy the characters are likely to see has
undoubtedly been photocopied several times and is hardly
legible, or has been scanned or retyped onto a computer.

What use the above holds for the characters is up to
them and the Storyteller. Gehenna has been foretold by a
number of sources, but the exact date, or if it will come atall,
is still amystery. Storytellers may or may not wish to include
Gehenna in their chronicles. The text is there, written by
a mad vampire with some vision of things that may come,
but whether his final vision is true is up to the Storyteller.

7Some of these prophecies appear to have come true. However, they are sufficiently general to make verification

difficult, for no specific cities are named nor are specific Kindred or clans.

60 Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


United Kingdom

© Nationa! Capita
Exelere Cty

Intrnational Boundary
Provincial Boundary

Devon Province Name G

km

J 100 Miles

North Atlantic Ocean

~ IRELAND

Key to Numbered Regions
England Northern Ireland
1 Bodtordshire 1 Artin
j 2 Borkshico 2 Ards
3 Buckinghamshire 3 Armagh
| 44 Groat London 4 Balymena
| 5 Groator Manchester 5 ‘Ballymoney
6 Hereford and & Banbridge
7 Worcester 7 Botlast
8 Mid Glamorgan 8 Carrcktergus
re 9 Castloroagh
10 Notinghamshire 10. Coleraine.
11 Sou Glamorgan 11, Cookstown
12 Souh Yorshre 12. Craigavon
13 Stalordshire 13 Down
Warwickshire 14
15 Wost Glamorgan 15 Fermanagh
j 16 West Mitands 16 Lame
| Wost Yorkshire 17 Limavady
18 Usbum
19 Londonderry
20 Magherafot
21 Moyle
22 Newry and Mourne
2B
24 ‘Noth Down
‘Omagh
FRANCE

Appendix: Notes on the Jyhad 61


62

See,Drakonskyrs;Domain
map for perceivedureality

The Barrow

1. The Entrance

2. The Spear Trap

3. Pit Traps

4. Primitive Napalm Trap
5. The Wolf

6. Hall of Razors

7. Pit of the Sun

8. Hall of Fire

9. Fool's Gold

Drakonskyr's
Domain

A. Web of Bodias

B. Vision of Hell

C. Test of Patience

D. Gargoyles

E. Room of Silent Screams
F Portal of the Future

G. The Black Flames

H. The Ziggurat

Bloody Hearts: Diablerie Britain


00°7T$

€7-vOS9S-I Na

yy Jr syuowa]ddns 4103s aaidureA Isi1j 91 JO OMT «

IM |

‘somdurea [n}1aa10d ]]¥ Jo sueq sy "UsyOIg oq JoUURD yey
ME] OY TL "eT eure') 9Yy2 jo buoyieue 94 — slo] qeiq]

apaut apesonbsew, eT es

6! Ud WN

"sUTWOD

si] suajsey o1a]qeip Moy pue euUsYyaH Ie 4Oo] V «
{WOU IZLa]qeIp 0} 9dULYD oy] pue ‘syejasnpojy
popeop oy JOJ JUNY aya INoge so10ys dI9]dWIOD «
‘JOAOD MOU dUO Japun

a THES

es 47)

2S9uNJway 9JIIqUIG
"yaeaq] [euly ue) ssuly) asioM
ole MOY L jaoud YM +e Ng jJomod 9] qeinseouiut ures
pur — sypjasnyrayy at Jo poojg ay? aisea 07 adueYD ay]
aAvy S1oIeIeY ‘ALULY "s}aRapy Apooyg pure surusyemy
copesonbseyy ayy, :aardue, 10} poysijgnd 3940

soinqgusape snojasuep sou oy souTquios So] qeiq
UIVSY JOAQ PUP JOAQ

{[]P JO YBATA JS9IVIMS ou 4sIsol URS ou "UO NAsap
ysl O7 osye sty anq Samod toy ules OQ] SI SIOp]o anoA
JO pooyq ey? YULIp O] ‘sayeuosu Je jo uoNeIdwa oy |,

""JO-4 3IQ 0} SJEY BSE VY

Ce Peer |

(|
