# File: Digital Web.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

= rs A Sourcebook a
= for Mage:The Ascension™ a

‘ ——————— ee — —


‘Queen of Pattern

by Daniel Greenberg, Harry Heckel and Darren McKeeman,
with John Cooper, Jonathan Sill, Heather Curatola and Lee Chen


Credits

Written by: Daniel Greenberg, Harry Heckel and
Darren McKeeman,

with John Cooper, Jonathan Sill, Heather Curatola
and Lee Chen

Additional Material by: Bill Bridges, Brian Campbell
and Brad Freeman

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Ed McKeogh

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: James Crabtree, Darryl Elliot, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook, Quinton Hoover, Dan Smith

Front Cover Art: John Zeleznik
Front and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

Fp 1598-8 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
Kai a MIN., GA 30083

@)

CAME STUDIO

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Repreoduction without the written permission of the
publisher in expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Mage the Ascension, Digital Web,
Vampire the Masquerade, and Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company
or product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Disclaimer: Aside from Alan Turing, Charles
Babbage and Alexander Graham Bell, the characters
and places in this book are fictional. Any resemblance
to anyone living or dead is coincidental.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Special Thanks To:

Bill "Grandpa Bill" Bridges, for bearing the whip-
woman's lashing lips with dignity befitting a Garou.

Andrew "Mistletoe" Greenberg, for inspiring Rob to
passions best left undream'd of.

Phil "Paint Fumes" Brucato, for the Glidden Antique
White avenue to divine intercession.

Mike "Nixon!" Tinney, for his attack-trained
Chuckasaurus Rex.

lan "Two Heads Are Better Than One" Lempkie, for
inspiring the booksellers to shoot the ceiling.

Brian "Sardonicus" Campbell, for his interior decorat-
ing triumph.

Ken "Wolf-Master" Cliff, for assuming the reins of
White Wolf magazine, the new car and the crying puppy of
doom.

Rob "Fat, Ghouled, Bloated Ticks" Hatch, for his firm
command of the English language and the gag reflex.

Stuart "Secret Agent X1" Weick, for his many mis-
sions of mystery and imagination.

Anda special hello to Brian and the folks at the Safe
House, for the use of the Spy's Demise.

Table of Contents

Prelude: Passing the Buck 4

Introduction: The Word Made Flesh 8

Chapter One: Tangles in the Web 20
Chapter Two: The Spy's Demise 50
Chapter Three: Tale Recursion 66
Chapter Four: Deus Ex Machina 82
Chapter Five: Permutations 04

Appendix



in' my antl when

t Dee fookase m tgpenees higp Before, but
had

ommon NeiSpeak te

. The police were
ey'dd




Introduction:

The Word
Made Flesh

The pop-culture myth of VR is an artifact of our growing
awareness of the lethal dysfunctionality of control as a paradigm
for our relations with the environment, other cultures and other

individuals. The functions of VR in contemporary culture are
wonderfully symmetrical: while VR isa lightningrod for fear and
despair, at the same time it may serve as a testbed for working

out, trying out, and embodying new ways of being in the world
— Brenda Laurel, "A VR Field Report, Sixth Annual
Computer Game Developer's Conference"

There is a hole in static reality.
A) It's about two microns wide and about three
astronomical units long. It'sas fragile as spun
glass and strongas light. It branches out in all
directions, encircles the globe and goes no-
where. It'sa digital realm of dazzling wonders
and sudden, terrifying termination. It can
uplift and exalt the mind, and it can crush
the psyche. Once a consciousness crawls into
that fiber optic hole in the wall of reality, that conscious-
ness emerges into another world —a world where you have
anything, do anything, be anything. Just like the real world,
only more so.

You can build a universe or create new, electronic life.
You can become a god or destroy god. Reality eagerly bends

itself to your will. You can do anything you can dream...
but are you only dreaming? Is this fresh reality a true world,
a new beginning? Or is it only a shared dream —a delicate
gossamer fantasy doomed to be nothing more than a diver-
sion from the work mages do in the "real world"? No one
knows for sure and doubt is maddening. Is virtual reality
real? And if not, does that even matter?

This ambiguity doesn't stop the legions of mages who
spend more and more time hooked up, jacked in and turned
on to the extraordinary new frontiers of the Digital Web.
The Net is just too damn exciting, a new universe, built
from data and shaped by will. A universe of knowledge and,
perhaps, of Truth.

Introduction

Digital Web is a sourcebook detailing the
virtual reality realm known as the "Net" or
the "Web". Unlike a Horizon Realm, the
Web occupies a totally new place in space
J and time, rather than inhabiting a permuta-
4 tion of the old reality. This book contains

information on the Net— including its rules,

ociety and access— a description of the
Spy's Demise, a "nerve-center" BBS club,
and two sample stories based in the Digital Web.

Contents

Introduction: Background on the Weband the strange

cast of characters that may be found there. Includes a
glossary of NetSpeak, invaluable to puzzling your way
through the arcane slang of the Virtual Adepts.

10 Digital Web

How to Ose This Book

Chapter One: Tangles in the Web: The game me-
chanics of the Web, including access, Sphere ratings,
history and tie-ins for Vampire and Werewolf.

Chapter Two: The Spy's Demise: The details of this
VR hangout, including key NPCs, atmosphere and topog-
raphy.

Chapter Three: Tale Recursion: This chapter, and
the next, should be left to Storytellers.

Chapter Four: Deus Ex Machina.

Chapter Five: Permutations: Rotes and Net denizens,
plus rules for computer technology in Mage and an ex-
panded list of Net terminology.

Appendix: A list of recommended source material for
cyberspace tales.

Web Structure

No wonder kids grow up crazy. A cat's cradle is
nothing but a bunch of X's between somebody's
hands. Little kids look and look and look at all
those X's and... . NODAMN CAT, AND NO DAMN
CRADLE.

— Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle

What Is the Web?

The Digital Web is a conéeptual universe
created entirely from the will of mages. This realm, also
called the Net, does not manifest in the physical world. It
exists in the minds of mages. Pulses of light, electrons of
high-tech computers and shadowy filaments of magickal
energy branch throughout all known planes of existence.

These strands of energy are unformed aspects of the
Pattern Web. Some say that they are linked toa conceptual
spirit-entity called the Weaver and connect to all forms of
high-tech electronic equipment. A mage can access these
strands of unpatterned reality through a computer and
s into the world within the

literally project his consciousns
Web. If he has the knowledge and power, the mage can
pattern the virgin Web with his own thoughts. He can
invite others into the area he has patterned and subject
them to the world laws he envisions; they can experience
the shared reality together and find new ways to relate to
one another and to the data surrounding them.

Some mages create worlds where they entertain others
in grand style. Some mages build virtual libraries, encoding
all knowledge in their grasp and using the Digital Web to
help them sort through it and make new information
connections, while others create "world law" workshops, to
refine their magick in an environment relatively free from
Paradox Spirits. Some mages build schools, aviaries, gar-
dens, observatories and meeting houses; others build
museums of breathtaking beauty for hands-on, senses-on,
spirit-on learning, while still others create prisons, dun-
geons and torture galleries to house the abducted
consciousness of their enemies.

There are mages who claim that the Net can be a
powerful training ground for patterning reality in the
physical world; others disagree, viewing Net Running as
spiritual self-abuse, wasting precious time and energy on
illusions in an unreal world. But is the Web a "real" place?

Where is the Web?

And from that day she pined away,

Not a smile seen on her face.

And with outstretched arms she went to meet him

Ina brighter place.

— Loreena McKennitt, "Standing Stones"

During the Industrial Revolution, the Technocracy
closeda choke hold on the world's potentiality. Fluid waves

of potentiality suddenly locked permanently into place;
the supple, dynamic world sei
brittle shards of static reality. The forces of creation contin-
ued unabated, however, and more potentiality entered the
universe. This potentiality can be understood as billions of
intertwined, spiraling streams of invisible spiritual energy

zed up and congealed into

that permeate all of creation.
The Web is not a place in the sense that it does not

exist in physical reality. But it is a place in the sense that a
mage may send his astral being into it. In bygone centuries,
a Tradition called Ahl-i-Batin ("the Subtle Ones") shared
an immense Realm called Mount Qaf. They traveled to the
mountain in spirit and shaped it with their passing. Mount
Qaf was no Horizon Realm, but a sort of borderland be-
tween the Umbrae of Spirit and Idea. Other mages, learning
of Mount Qaf, yearned to study it but could not. When the
Technocracy shattered the Batini hold on Mount Qaf, the
fledgling Virtual Adepts sought to prove the existence of
this potential Realm and ace:

s it as their own.

Pioneering mages tinkering with VR learned to project
their human consciousness into the non-space of virtual
energy, the potentiality waves thought to make up Mount
Qaf. The tremendous untapped potentiality of the Web
gave their visions a magickal "reality" that lies somewhere

between the inner sensory worlds of virtual reality, and the

outer world of physical reality. And that is what is so
frighteningly tantalizing about the Web.

Mages in the Web

This brave new world has excited mages of all Tradi-
tions. The prospects of patterning Virgin Web is too
seductive for many to pass up. Consequently, there are Web
sectors defined by mages of all Traditions. There are more
Virtual Adept areas than Dreamspeaker areas, but all
Traditions are represented.

The Technocracy is terrified of this tool in the hands
of careless undisciplined mages and seeks total control of
the Web. These mages are dangerous enemies, but they also
maintain a limited armistice on the Web. They feel they are
vulnerable to counterattack on the Web and don't want to
risk damaging it. Rather than launch for all-out Web wars,
they bide their time, stealing away more and more of the
Net and waiting for the day when they can strike with
impunity. However, because the Web appears infinite,
they are no closer to this goal now than when they started.
This is the single greatest cause of frustration among
cybernaut Technomancers.

The Web and the World

Though the Digital Web is unknown to Sleepers —
even the Sleepers who unknowingly visit its fringes with
standard computers and conventional VR — it has had a
powerful impact on the world. Hints of mage-created

Introduction 11


devices that allow Web travel have filtered into the global
consciousness through science fiction, and some of these have
manifested as advanced computer technology. Even in pri
tive forms, VR pushes the boundaries of belief by giving
Sleepers a direct experience of another world — a world in
which will becomes reality.

The Technocracy fears that this could one day induce
mass Awakenings, as powerful art has done in the past.
Awakenings increase in frequency when groups of people are
profoundly affected by a transcendent experience that trans-
ports them all into another world. Theatre, rituals, music,
dance and even creative play prime$ mankind for this trans-
figuration. This is, of course, dangerous. The Digital Web
offers a turbocharged playground for transformation, and the
Technocracy is terrified. As the world eagerly absorbs VR, the
Technocracy loses its edge in the paradigm tug-of-war. The
greater the acceptance of imaginative empowerment by the
Masses, the more static reality changes. Bringing the entire
Digital Web into mass acceptance becomes easier.

Visiting the Web

You can't imagine how strange it seemed to be journeying
on thus, without any visible cause of progress, other than the
magical machine.

— Fanny Kemble, 1830, describing the first railway
tests in Liverpool

Mages who roam the pathways of the Digital Web are
called Cybernauts, or colloquially, Webslingers. They have
three means of access to the Digital Web: Sensory, Astral,
and Holistic. Details of the various access means and the
games mechanics for same can be found in Chapter One.

Personal Web Images

A rose by any other name

Would never, never smell the same

And cunning is the nose that knows

An onion that's been called a rose

— Wendell Johnson, "Your Most Enchanted Listener"

A mage can assume any form within the Web, making
a three-dimensional icon of herself with complex magick
programs. In most cases, this form is a representation of her
own body, complete with all clothing and personal effects
that she might normally carry. An icon that closely re-
sembles the mage's personal self-image is the easiest form to
adopt. Deviation from that form is more difficult, but
certainly possible.

The mage in question can try to assume the form of
another Net Runner, but she will have difficulty fooling
anyone who knows the person being impersonated. Magick
icons are more than a string of integers made up of "yes" and
"no" states; they contain a powerful third state that has
little application to conventional computer science: the
"maybe" state. Magick icons can be copied, but they copy
like a digital recorder reading an analog signal: the image

12 Digital Web

Some Words from Alexis Hastings,
Sons of Ether

The Virtual Adepts aren't the only ones here,
you know. Lots of us like to play around in the Web,
too. Take me, for instance. I'm a Son... er,
Daughter?...Female Son? This is always so
awkward...I'm a Child of Ether. We love to play
around in here. Youcan perform experiments you've
only dreamed of. And all the electricity...it's pretty
close to paradise. Ideas take shape here, and afterall,
that's what the Persons of Ether are about. Ideas. I've
run into Celestial Chorus members and Euthanatos,
Hollow Ones and Cultists, and Hermetics. All the
Traditions have some interest in the Web. It's just a
little harder to find some of the others sometimes.

seems the same, but an essential ingredient has been lost.
A simple use of Sense Life or Sense Quintessence can tell
the difference between a "true" icon and an impersonator.
Many mages just know on an intuitive level when they're
dealing with a phony.

Theme and Mood

The theme of "Digital Web" is information made flesh.
Information as a tangible, living, monolithic entity —
huge, towering, ubiquitous stacks of data connected by
delicate, fragile strands of thought. All the secrets of life are
here, if you know where to find them. The One True Secret
to the Universe is reputed to be here as well, if one only
knows which digital haystack to look under and which
questions to ask.

There is an ocean of information here. The Digital
Web rider surfs on waves of data, and there is always the risk
of drowning. Ideas are coaxed from their resting places—
information is traded, stolen or plundered. Net Running is
about data lust: the craving for information, which leads to
the hoarding of information, which leads to hatred and
murder over data, that in turn leads to self-destruction.
Churning data heaps sometimes attain a will of their own.
They can become surging beasts that must be tamed before
they turn on their users. The Digital Web is not just a place;
it's an entity. The Web is waking up.

The mood of the Net reflects the frontier spirit. Here
on the edge of thought, one faces vast vistas of unknown,
uncreated ideas. Here the mage can close his eyes and
dream something utterly new into existence. It is a land of
untapped wealth and boundless resources. Mages become
y — digital pioneers in a land just gaining
, sprawling, Wild West town, a meeting
place for spies, losers, adventurers, bums and geniuses. No
one can keep the peace here, but lots of people try. With
so many goals and so many needs flying in so many different
directions, someone is bound to get hurt. The war may be
cold, but the tension is white-hot.

sculptors of reali

form. It's a restle:


Players: The Inside Track

Big Brother's screaming but we don't care
‘Cause he's got nothing to say

Think of the future, think of the prophecy
Think of the children of today

Big Brother's marching,

So we all stand in his way

— Oingo Boingo, "Wake Up (It's 1984)"
Although the Net is open to mages of all

types, two factions predominate: the Virtual
Adepts and the Conventions of the Technocracy. Some
Sons of Ether enjoy the bizarre world of Netspace, but many
other Tradition mages shun it. The Marauders and Nephandi
hover around the edges, trying to get in, but the Technoc-
racy and the Adepts comprise whatever passes fora majority
in the Digital Web.

Virtual Adepts

Osmonds! You're all Osmonds! Throwing up on the
freeway at dawn!

— Zippy the Pinhead

The Virtual Adepts still consider the Net their turf.
These anarchistic mages view their fellow Net Runners

with a mixture of amusement and contempt. No one else

they know can truly appreciate the majesty of the virtual

reality Realm.
ecccce

Netspace Q & A, with your host
Dr. Volcano:

I hear that a bunch of you lames out there have
questions about Netspace. Now, normally I don't have time
for this junk, but you all seem like decent types and I
wouldn't want you all to get squashed hy Demonseed Elite.
Listen up, boys & grrrls; I'm not repeating myself. First
question?

> Why don't we just take over the Net?

OK. That's a pretty stupid question. As your mentor,
however, I'll try to keep an open mind and answer it:
Information wants to be free. Think about it, fanboy; when
was the last time you had secret that you kept to yourself?
Do you have anything at all that you have never told
anybody? You're thinking "Yeah, I do have secrets". That's
what you think, kiddo; somebody somewhere knows all
about you. Do you think that they're gonna keep quiet?
Hell no.

My point here is that information is alive. It has a will
of its own. No matter what you do to contain it, it's gonna

Introduction 13


get out someday; the idiots from the Technocracy don't
know jack when it comes to this. They use info to their
advantage, thinking that they have an advantage because
they can get the info. What they don't realize is that these
bits and bytes are available to everyone eventually. Assign-
ing a monetary value to a piece of information is useless,
because the instant you sell it, it becomes available to
anyone. It's sort of like prostitution — why pay for some-
thing you can get it for free? Of course, there's always the
possibility that you're too ugly to get some kinds of informa-
tion. I don't know; I've never met you. That's the great
thing about the Net. People here judge you on your actions,
not on what you look like.

>If the Net is information incarnate, how can you try to
control it?

Your question implies what many new Adepts are
afraid to ask. Why do we let the other Traditions and the
Technocracy into the Net? It's like Ascension, man; every-
body has a right to it. We couldn't stop ‘em if we wanted to.
Besides, the more users you get online, the more you shape
the world to conform to your own view of it. And that's the
name of the game for us.

To answer directly; how do you control it? You don't.

> What if someone else tries to shut us out of the Net?

See the answer to your previous question. They can't
shut us out; we've got too many back doors and entry points
for anybody else to even try to shut us out, and even if they
managed it we'd just get back in. Like I said before,
information wants to be free. It'll get out to us sooner or
later.

The Net is too complex and intricate for most mages to
understand, so lots of us try to keep out the end-users. Big
mistake. A lot of end-users(Sleepers) understand the Net
better than your average mage.

We don't want just mages in here; we want Sleepers
and mages. The Net can help so many people see the truth
about what is going on in the world. Sooner or later, the
end-users will get a clue and come around. Paradox'll kick
the bucket and that'll be the day Ascension comes, boyo.

Don't you think it's better to have people think for
themselves? I agree with you, most T-mancers won't do
this, but most Sleepers will if you give them a chance.
Together the Traditions and the Sleepers outnumber the
Technocracy in a big way. "He who controls the spice
controls the universe", y'know? The Net will help Sleepers
become free thinkers like ourselves. Eventually, everyone
will come around to this realization.

>Who inhabits the Net now?

Ican tell you who I've met and who I've heard about.
I know that Iteration X is here; I've escaped from those
bastiches more than once. They have an annoying ten-
dency of trying to kill every Adept they find. What can I
say?

You ever notice that stare they have — that arcade-
junkie stare? Every Iteration X recruit | ever met has that

14 Digital Web

exact same look. Like kids who have nothing better to do
then wipe out icons ina vid-arcade. I swear, sometimes they
use the damn things as training tools for the Masses (that's
what the Black Hats call Sleepers. Nice, huh?) Remember
Saddam's War, and the dipshits that came outta the planes
like they had just finished a Space Invaders marathon?
These kids were specially bred to do that sort of work. Life
to them is a cheap set of phosphor dots on a black back-
ground. If it begins to annoy you, kill it. 1 mean, fun's fun,
but those games are like drugs, and when you've beaten one
game, the Technocracy has another dose of your daily
video narcotic ready for you on a platter. They've just
changed it slightly so that it seems different.

I guess that sorta sums up Iteration X —they're dealers,
man, and they're all on crack. Or whatever kinky little fix
their R&D labs have programmed up. They don't hafta
think.

The Syndicate — they're too easy. Where do you
think we get all the money for this fancy equipment? It
takes a lot to keep upgrading this Net. Real easy marks, I'm
telling you. Don't ever burn them until you're ready,
though. They're part of the Technocracy, and the whole
thing is like a huge immune system. If you attack one part,
the others will jump on you until you're dead. I'll show you
some tricks for them another time.

The Bush Boys — that's what I call the New World
Order. You remember that goofy failure of a president?
Know why he wasn't reelected? He leaked the plans for the
takeover, and we sort of helped him along. Hah! Informa-
tion is alive, my friend. It makes you do all kinds of silly
things.

That whole Bush thing? Gee, it's amazing how many
politicians use speech writers these days. It's doubly amaz-
ing how many speech writers use computers and don't
check their final outputs. Anyway, that's the New World
Order — techno, techno, uber alles.

The Sons of Ether — all over the place. They help us
with most of our computer power breakthroughs; they
helped invent the trinary computer. We owe the SOE's a
lot, probably more than we can repay, but they seem to like
what we've done for them in return. Have you ever visited
an SOE domain in the Net? It's insane! They hire Adepts
to program all kinds of crazy realities for them. Some of
them are hilarious. I once visited a computer where reality
was defined by the physics in Saturday morning cartoons.
You just can't die in that place! Kibo forbid that they should
apply what they've learned there to Gaia. If you got hit by
a truck, you'd get flattened out and live. Guns would do
nothing but make your face black and knock your nose to
the back of your head. I'm not ready for that! There are
plenty of other nutcase Net Runners, fanboy, but you'll

have to find out about them on your own.


The Technocracy

Make me of clay, make me of steel,
But whatever you do, don't try to make me real
— Pete Townsend, "Stop Trying to Make Me Real."
The Technocracy has no time for foolishness. They
know that order and conformity are the true paths to
salvation fora world trembling on the brink of disaster. The
last thing that the Masses need these days is some new
reality to tinker with! The Net has it's uses, however, and
the Technocracy has far too much invested in this powerful
tool to leave it to a bunch of renegade Net Runners.

A Technocratic Net Primer
History

The aim of the Technocracy is to shuttle the Masses of
the world toward a darkly mechanistic vision of Ascension
—an automatic, predictable world of complete uniformity
and sharply curtailed potential. The Barrier, called the
Gauntlet by other mages, protects the Technocracy's struc-
tured reality and serves as the foundation of its spiritually
isolationist world view. The spiritual and mystical realms of
the Umbra, which lie just beyond the Barrier, operate
outside the rules of the Technocracy. Reality in the Umbra
works in an illogical, experiential and emotive manner that
breeds both creativity and madness.

The Barrier is essential to the Technocracy paradigm.
Without it, Marauders, Nephandi, and the Umbrood would
tear apart reality like wet tissue paper. Unfortunately for
the Technocracy, any magickal experimentation on their
side of the Gauntlet also threatens their narrow paradigm.
Paradox is still a double-edged sword. When the Virtual
Adepts created (or accessed) the Net, the Technocracy was
quick to seize this new testing ground.

Initially, the Technocracy detested the concept of a
Realm with connections on both sides of the Barrier. When
Void Engineers returned breathless with excitement over
the power and wonder of the Web, some of the more
progressive Technomancers began to realize and appreci-
ate the practical applications of this bizarre universe. A
small few, mostly representing Iteration X, went a step
further, deciding that a computer-generated reality was
more easily controlled than the real thing. They set up labs
in cyberspace, and the Technocracy moved its forces into
the Net.

When the computer revolution began, the Technoc-
racy was stymied. Agents of the New World Order tried to
stem the development of technology, but stopped when
attempts to discredit computers were turned into future
shock attacks on science as a whole. The Digital Web could
not be undone and the struggle began for control of
cyberspace.

Pentex IC
and the Syndicate

The Pentex Corporation, the most powerful
corporate Network in the world, is a mysterious
international conglomerate economically larger
than most countries. A few organizations, like the
Syndicate, are aware of the actions of Pentex ICS.
If world governments knew the extent of Pentex's
resources, they would shut the company down.

Pentex ICS is located almost completely in
areas of the Umbra bordering the Net, though not
within the Web itself. Nightmarish Umbrood
minions protect Pentex connections to the Digi-
tal Web from interlopers. This shadowy
organization has cultivated connections to the
Nephandi, and the Syndicate has forged connec-
tions to Pentex. The other Technomancer
Conventions suspect that the
and uses Pentex, although many have doubts. The
truth of the connection may never be known.

Syndicate controls

For Storytellers who want to use Pentex, the
Book of the Wyrm for Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse provides information on this sinister
Nephandi-influenced organization. Details on the
Cyberrealm may be found in Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow.

The Conventions in the
Web

Every time I tum it on,

T cum it up and bum it out

It's a never ending attack,

Everything's a lie and that's a fact

Meatloaf, "Life's a Lemon and I Want My Money

Back"
Iteration X

To members of Iteration X, the computer revolution
provides the means to Ascension; if Iteration X subverts
the designs of the Virtual Adepts, they can use computers
to control people's lives and reduce all of creation to
ly
dictating the environment, like a monstrous Skinner Box,
the Convention believes that humanity can be assimilated
into its view of the Big Machine. Once the Mas
that everything is predictable and predestined, Techno-
cratic Ascension will come. The universe will function at
100% efficiency.

As the Virtual Adepts help the Masses become more
comfortable with computers, Iteration X plans to introduce

relatively simple strings of mathematical code. By prec!

S Teal

artificial intelligences and implanted cyber-interfaces.

Introduction 15


Theoretically, the Masses will voluntarily connect ma-
chinery to their brains, machinery that Iteration X can use
to directly reprogram their "customers" into accepting the
Technocracy's views via the Net. Imagination and unpre-
dictable behavior will vanish. The New World Order has
agreed to aid Iteration X at the reprogramming stage.

Iteration X operates in the Digital Web much the same
way it operates on Earth; online versions of HIT Marks
attack Webslingers at will. With the Convention's com-
mand of the forces Sphere, the HIT Marks can devastate
large sections of the Web. No computer program is safe.
The Convention's efforts to eradicate all foreign mages
from the Net have not met with complete success, but
Iteration X Constructs are called Kill Sectors by Virtual
Adepts for a reason.

New World Order

Gaining control over the informational landscape of
the Digital Web is one of the top priorities of the New
World Order. Originally opposed to the idea of the "infor-
mation superhighway", the Convention has altered its
philosophy regarding the Web. Although the New World
Order has restricted more areas of the Digital Web than any
other group, it encourages the growth of computer net-
works; the networks are simply too useful not to exploit.

The New World Order currently uses the Digital Web
to help compile computer records on every individual it

16 Digital Web

can find. They try to monitor as many online computer
conversations as possible through their influence in the
phone companies. The New World Order also works with
the Syndicate to spread highly addictive video games
tailored to kill imagination. Together, they root out the
most promising Sleepers for their own purposes.

Within the Digital Web, New World Order members
are alarmingly deceptive. They disguise themselves and
infiltrate other groups using false icons and deceptive user
logins, then patiently collect information to be dispensed
to Men In Black on the other sides of computer screens.

Espionage is the forte of this Convention. Their mem-
bership duplicates icons and dispenses misinformation on
aregular basis. The paranoid say that the New World Order
has hollowed out hidden "back rooms" in almost every
section of the Web. There, they encyst and wait.

Progenitors

The Progenitors are the Technocracy Convention
with the least interest in the Digital Web; they use the Net
mainly as a pathway to reach their Horizon Realms and for
computation and categorization of the Human Genome
an attempt to map out each rung in the DNA
ladder. Once the paradigm of reality allows it, the Progeni-

Project

tors plan to use gene research to turn life into simple
science. Aside from these two functions, most Progenitors
dislike the Digital Web. To them, it is a distraction from


more important concerns. Though some Progenitors have
expressed an interest in VR virii, many avoid the Net
because their Life magicks are much less useful in the Net
than in physical reality.

Members of the Progenitors encountered in the Web
always take icons of perfect human beings. They carry
themselves with monumental arrogance, ignoring most
individuals they encounter. If pressured, they are highly
dangerous, sparking online heart attacks or nervous break-
downs in their enemies. Some Tradition mages have
returned to their bodies only to discover that they have lost
their vision from the radiation emitted from their monitors
or goggles. Others have developed cancer from over-expo-
sure to their computer systems.

Syndicate

Computers have transformed the business environ-
ment of the world. Now, members of the Syndicate can
receive instant data on their stocks, bonds, market trends,

etc. Computers have eliminated much of the guesswork
and uncertainty in the economy. If it weren't for the
dangerous Virtual Adepts, the Syndicate would eliminate
money and conduct all transactions electronically, The
Syndicate controls all of the major credit companies and
has access to the largest corporate Network:
larger commercial online services are secretly owned and
operated by this Convention; several areas controlled by
the Syndicate also have secret conduits into the Computer
Web of the Umbra, found in the Cyber Realm.

The Syndicate produces software and peripherals for
the Masses and tries to maintain the sanctity of the com-
mercial online services against predators inside and outside
the Web. The services and software offered by the Syndi-
cate are highly effective business applications, but are not
designed to foster individual freedom. They can be exces-
sively dehumanizing. Highly addictive video games
manufactured by the Syndicate use subliminals to crush the
spirit of modern youths while searching out those with the
greatest potential for reeducation.

The Syndicate spends most of its time on the Web
hunting down online hackers, especially Virtual Adepts;
certain data thieves have very large bounties posted for
their heads. The Syndicate prefers to lock annoying en-
emies offline and use electronic means to destroy its foes'

ome of the

resources from a distance.

Void Engineers

The Void Engineers have replaced the Virtual Adepts
as the masters of Correspondence in the Technocracy; of
all Technocracy Conventions, the Virtual Adepts consider
these Technomancers the greatest threat to Netspace. The
Void Engineers and the Virtual Adepts are locked into The
Great Race, both groups constantly searching out and
formatting the rare Virgin Web. Because whoever formats
a sector of the Digital Web first locks down its conceptual
nature, the destiny of the entire reality is being determined
through this race.

These mappers of the void have a precise understand-
ing of the Net matched only by the intuitive "right thing"
feeling of the Virtual Adepts. For the Void Engineers, the
Net is another frontier to map and quantify, another floor,
another solar system. The Void Engineers have formatted
a tremendous amount of area in the Digital Web. Most
"Technomancer Turf" is a result of the continual explora-
tion of the Digital Web by this Convention.

Any area formatted by the Engineers has a parameter
within it that allows them to "dump" other travellers by
making an opposed Arete roll against the target's Will-
power. They also have parameters set to transfer them to
othersections of the Web if they desire, activated by rolling
Arete against difficulty 6. Many members of the Void
Engineers have a strange fanaticism towards exploration,
and some perform rather foolhardy entries into Virtual
Realr

The Void Engineers are not as actively malevolent as
other members of the Technocracy; they are as likely to
recruit Tradition mages as to attack them. Members of this
Convention like to appear as mysterious electronic figures
and use virtual vehicles to aid in their explorations. The

Void Engineers are said to have mapped out access routes
to all of the major Realms in the Umbra from the Digital
Web.

The Digital Dictionary

Below are a list of terms used in Cyberspace. Some of
them have meaning in current real-world networks, while
others are game terms. An expanded glossary can be found
in Chapter Five. Feel free to start using mage terminology
on the real nets. Who knows? Maybe we'll create a real
Digital Web of our own. Now that would be magick.

A-K Brother (Mage) — Virtual Adept term for a
member of the Akashic Brotherhood.

Barkeep (Mage) — One of the mysterious employees
of the Spy's Demise.

C of X (Mage) — Virtual Adept shorthand for Cult of
Ecstasy members.

Cell (Mage) — An area of Web where an individual is
imprisoned in the fabric of reality with only a moderate
ability to communicate.

Conduit (Mage) — Pathway through the Digital Web.
It lets a mage pass from one sector into another. Travel
through conduits is almost instantaneous.

Constraint Realm (Mage) — An area that redefines
and limits the look of the icons that can enter it. Only
contextually appropriate icons can enter.

Construct (Mage) — A Technocracy Chantry.

Crater, The (Mage) — A popular Stacked File where
Cybernauts play their own versions of combat video games.

Cybernaut (Mage) — A voyager into the Digital
Web; used for the Awakened.

Introduction 17


Data Beasts (Mage) — Awakened information that
forms into a spirit concept of itself.

Data Rider (Mage) — A term for someone online.
Like "Cybernaut", but connotes a greater-than-average
thirst for information.

De-rez (Mage) — To lose iconic integrity and vanish
from the Web.

Digital Death (Mage) — The dangerous and poten-
tially deadly dislocation from the Web that occurs when an
icon loses all its health levels.

Digital Web (Mage) — The strange virtual reality
realm discovered or created by the Virtual Adepts.

Disk Dealer (Mage) — Derogatory term for a mage
who sees the Net in terms of a big video game.

Dumped (Mage) — Being forced offline.

Ether Land, the Ether (Mage) — A section of the
Web run by Sons of Ether.

Feedback (Mage) — Slang for a young mage who risks
too much. Refers to the legendary Captain Feedback, a Net
myth.

Flathead (Mage) — Derogatory term for a Sleeper.

Flatscreen (Mage) — On-line but not inside the Web.
Used for both Sleepers with computers and mages with VR
gear in sensory visitation mode.

Formatted Web (Mage) — Sector of the Web that has
received an imprint from a conscious mind.

Free (Mage) — Accessible to anyone who knows how
to get there

Great Escape (Mage) — A legendary backdoor ru-
mored to exist in even the most secure cell.

Great Race (Mage) — The competition between the
Void Engineers and the Virtual Adepts to format the entire
Net.

Grid Sector (Mage) — Monochrome areas of icono-
graphic figures where mages can talk to Sleepers who are
using BBS. The Sleepers see representations that are appro-
priate to the technological medium they are using.

Handle (Reality) Name used in cyberspace.

Help (Mage) — One of the mysterious nameless
employees of the Spy's Demise.

Icon (Mage) — The mutable virtual form used by
Cybernauts to traverse the Web. A Cybernaut's alter ego.

Iconification (Mage) — The process by which a
person translates his perceptions or his mind and percep-
tions, or his body, mind and perceptions into the Web.

Jack In/Out (Reality)— Plugging into/out of the
Digital Web or advanced VR system.

Junklands (Mage) — Sectors of the Web that are full
of material splashed out in a raw emotive release, usually
from war or disaster.

Net (Mage) — A term used interchangeably with
Digital Web to talk about the VR Realm. Specifically, the
Web refers to the place, and the Net refers to the Web's

Digital Web


functions as a data storage, processing and retrieval device,
though few users make the distinction.

Net Runner (Mage) — a voyager into the Digital
Web; used for the Awakened (q.v. Cybernaut).

Net Space (Mage) —The area within the Digital Web

NetSpeak: (Mage) — Slang used by hard-core Digital
Web users

Offline (Reality)— outside cyberspace.

Online (Reality)— inside cyberspace.

Other Side, The (Mage) — Either VR or physical
reality— whichever one you're not currently experiencing.

Parameter (Mage) — A law of reality that extends
through a particular sector.

Realspace (Mage) — Refers to physical reality.

Restricted (Mage) — A section of the Net where
access is limited.

Room (Mage) — Colloquial term for sector.

Sector (Mage) — The areas of the Net where VR
Realms are located. They are distinct from the conduits
that connect the sectors, but have no virtual length of
breadth.

Sleepwalker (Mage) — Slang for a mage who prefers
to spend time with Sleepers instead of with the Awakened.

Spy's Demise (Mage) — The only neutral turf in
cyberspace, it appears as a strange shifting tavern where all
mages come to socialize and trade data. The Spy's Demise
has numerous connections to Grid Realms.

Stacked File (Mage) — An area of Web in which
someone died during formatting. The sector contains its
own Avatar,

Tangle (Mage) — An unexpected shift in a conduit.
Also, any problem while online.

Techno Turf (Mage) — An area of the Digital Web
formatted by the Technocracy. It appears in only three
neon colors. The environment is geometric and pixelated.

Tree (Mage) — A set of connected conduits and
sectors in the Digital Web.

Unformatted Web (Mage) — Sector of the Web yet
to receive an imprint from a conscious mind (q.v. Virgin
Web).

Virgin Web (Mage) — Sector of the Web yet to
receive an imprint froma conscious mind (q.v. Unformatted
Web).

Virtual Realm (Mage) — A sector formatted by a
mage or a Cabal, usually with strange parameters.

VR — Virtual Reality.

Webslinger (Mage) — Slang for a Cybernaut.

XTC (Mage) — Written term for Cult of Ecstasy
member.

:) — A sideways smiley face, used to communicate
emotions to Sleepers, who exist in a benighted world of
mere text. Many variants exist, such as :-). ( represents
an unhappy face.

Introduction 19



Chapter One:

Tangles
in the Web

Achildis delighted to make and unmake something, to place
and replace things many times over and continue the process for
a long time. A very beautiful toy, an attractive picture, a
wonderful story, can, without doubt, rouse a child's interest.
But if he may simply look at, or listen to, or touch an object, BUT
DARES NOT MOVE IT, his interest will be superficial, and will pass
from object to object

— Maria Montessori, The Discovery of the Child, 1948

What is the Digital Web?

F) The Digital Web is a shared dream, an elec- The Web is a paradoxical material— unpatterned

"44 tronic town commons, a collective fantasy, a Pattern or patterning potential that is as yet undefined. As

limitless play environment, a landscape of __ aresult, the Webs are very susceptible to patterning by the

terror and breathtaking joy. The Web itself first consciousness that imprints itself upon them. A blank

exists in the Gauntlet that separates matter _ sector of Web becomes a deeply reflective mirror for the

from spirit. It is made up of wildly created —_ psyche of the mage who imprints it. However, it imprints

Weaver webs spun out of control by the —_ farmore than the mage's waking consciousness; it imprints

conceptual cosmological entity called the __ his bleakest fears, his brightest hopes and most uncomfort-

Weaver—a personification of raw pattern- _able urges. His psyche is literally splattered all over the

ing power. The Web is sustained by acomplex and violent walls of his creation; the inner life of the mage is on

interaction between Pattern and Entropy, personified by prominent display. Like an artist, the mage cannot hide his
some Dreamspeakers or their lupine acquaintances as cos- inner truth.

mological beings called the Weaver and the Wyrm.

Chapter One

Perceptive visitors can learn much about the mage
who imprinted the area by interacting with the creation.
Inviting someone into your realm is like inviting her into
your head — make sure you want her rummaging around in
there before you extend the invitation. These worlds are for
exploring, not passive entertainment. If the imprinting
mage has thoughts he wants to keep to himself, he must be
careful in his imprinting. Even then, his secrets are often
glaringly obvious to all who visit. The common areas are
more neutral, but even they sometimes reveal something
about their creators.

Laws

Most areas allow icons to enter as they appear. But
some areas have been imprinted with laws that preclude
certain types of icons. These areas are called Constraint
Realms. Specific laws define the range of icons available
and actions permissible within the sector. To enter this sort
of sector, the mage must shift his icon to something more
contextually appropriate. For example, if a mage defined a
sector as a huge tropical fish tank, a visiting mage would
have to shift his icon to that of a fish in order to enter. (He
could also try a range of other icons, like a deep-sea diver or
a treasure chest to see if they have been prohibited by the
local laws.) Changing from a contextually appropriate icon
to an inappropriate icon in a Constraint Realm invites
Paradox. Only the strongest mages can hold an inappropri-
ate form.

Origins and History of
the Net

Upon visiting the Net, most mages are awestruck.
Their astonishment would be multiplied a thousand-fold,
however, if they stopped to take a close look at some of the
information that lies scattered about the farthest reaches of
Patterned Web: bomb trajectories, encryption keys, and
remnants of old programs lie around like the detritus of
some high-tech fraternity party. Some truly ancient data
may be found on the "floor" of the Net, and a close
examination will give the observer some valuable insight
into the origins and history of the Net (for further details on
Mount Qaf and the Ahl-i-Batin, see Book of Shadows:
The Mage Players Guide).

In the Beginning

History; an account, mostly false...

— Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary

In the early 1800s, the Technocracy, then called the
Order of Reason, happened onto a massive web of Quintes-
sence energy linking Nodes all over Europe, Southern Asia
and the Middle East. They traced this web to a massive
nexus in the Middle East and severed its connection to
Earth. Though they were unable to utilize the web's power,
the Void Seekers who plumbed the strange nexus found a

22 Digital Web

Realm unlike any known Horizon Realm, a titanic moun-
tain with rolling mists at its base. These mists, the Void
Seekers discovered, could be shaped by thought and perma-
nently imprinted with the essence of the mages who dared
to explore it.

The guardians of this Realm, the Ahl-i-Batin, called
the place Mount Qaf, and defended it fiercely. Both the
Order and the Arab mages lost the battle and Mount Qaf
was lost. The Order, undaunted, set the fledgling Virtual
Adepts, then called Difference Engineers, to the task of
rediscovering the Realm and bending it to the quest of
Order. For nearly a century, they had no success.

The origins of the Net began with the phone system of
Dr. Alexander Graham Bell. A true dreamer, Dr. Bell was
a brilliant thinker who dreamed of finding ways to let deaf
people hear. His first few inventions were rather strange,
however, and one in particular caused consternation in the
scientific field. It was a device that allowed a needle to
"draw" sound vibrations on smoked glass through the use
of a preserved cadaver's ear. Most people thought his ideas
were totally ludicrous. It was only after the invention of the
telephone that these doubters were proven wrong. The
telephone changed the world at the time, and it gave more
power to the Difference Engineers.

The Convention had crude computers at this point,
steam-driven contraptions that were based on the Differ-
ence Engine of the Son of Ether Charles Babbage. The
invention of the telephone, however, really impressed
these young Technomancers with the need to find an
electronic alternative to Babbage's machine. More impor-
tantly, the Difference Engineers realized that with
instantaneous communication, information could be freed
beyond all constraints of distance; such communication—
bridging the gap of perceived space— effectively promoted
the Theory of Correspondence: the idea of all things
relating to a single unified location. The idea was not new,
but the telephone helped Technomancers expand the
Correspondence Sphere. They theorized at great length
over how electricity could be used as a medium through
which long distance computation and communication
would be possible. These arguments often took place by
telephone.

In the long black telephone wires, the Engineers began
to see a confirmation of their theories that reality was
indeed composed of information. They were in a different
reality when they talked on the telephone, and they started
to call it the Telephone Network, or Net. The Engineers
studying the Mount Qaf phenomena compared the con-
cept to the telepathic shared-world of the Ahl-i-Batin and
theorized that they had discovered their otherworldly space.
These Engineers began referring to "virtual" reality, and
the name stuck.

The Great War sapped the resources of the Virtual
Adepts in the early 20th century. Many of them were called
upon by the Technocracy to help with the design of new


systems for war. Funneling their resources, they helped Dr.
Bell form a company with which to try new experiments.
Dr. Bell even got involved with early aviation, but soon
gave it up and started researching switches for his ever-
growing telephone network. From this research, the first
vacuum tubes and transistors evolved.

Turing's Rebellion

The Technocracy was quick to see the benefits of these
switches and instantly set the Virtual Adepts to work,
having them build the first electrical computers for dis-
semination among society. Work on these computers took
place under the worst conditions and with nearly impos-
sible deadlines. The Adepts chafed at this treatment;
sickened as well by the ravages of the World War, they
decided to take their information campaign to the one
place from which the Technocracy expected no resistance
— the Masses.

The seeds of rebellion had been planted long before, by
athen-obscure hemp grower named Thomas Jefferson. The
idea of free speech was a bane to the Technocracy as a
whole, but the Adepts realized that the free exchange of
ideas makes for a powerful weapon. They set about leaking
parts of the Technocracy's agenda to the world at large in
the form of popular books of the time. These books in-
cluded 1984, named for the year the Technocracy expected
to control half of the world, and Brave New World, a
reference to the New World Order. The Technocracy
didn't suspect the Adepts in these acts of rebellion, and laid
the blame on sharp-eyed Sleepers.

However, these events pale in comparison to the
computer that the Adepts invented during this period.
Easily a thousand times more powerful than its steam-
driven prototypes, this first computer was developed during
World War Il by Alan Turing. A Virtual Adept with a
passion for cryptography, Turing helped England break the
Enigma Cipher of the Germans with the help of his electri-
cal Difference Engine. This information helped make the
D-Day invasion possible and proved the theories of the
Adepts correct.

Disgusted with the Technocracy's support of both the
Allies and the Axis during the war, the Adepts threw their
collective muscle behind the allies cause. The overwhelm-
ing glut of information aided the final outcome of the war.

It didn't take a Man In Black to figure out the Virtual
Adepts' growing dissatisfaction with the Technocracy.
The crackpot theories, the changing of the Convention's
name, their eccentric behavior and their association with
the Sons of Ether all drew the collective wrath of the
Technocratic leadership. After the horrors of two World
Wars, the Technocracy was fragmenting; many felt that
the massive advances in science were not worth the human
suffering. After the Virtual Adepts bold defiance, the High
Amalgam Prime decided to make an example of the Ad-
epts...

Chapter One

23


Sharing the Dream

It was about this time that Turing formulated the
concept of machine intelligence. Inspired by the Ahl-i-
Batin, Turing and his cabal explored the idea of virtual
reality, or VR. This reality would be a duplicate of reality
inside a computer, opening up a whole new line of reason-
ing within the Adepts. They began to ask if reality could be
programmed, if it could be defined in terms of equations.
Turing decided he would find out. However, he decided
that he needed a lot more help than his Adepts, so he set
ominous wheels in motion, negotiating a solid truce with
the Sons of Ether.

He presented the Sons of Ether with several new types
of computers that greatly enhanced their experimentation.
In return, the Sons of Ether formed a Chantry with the
members of Turing's cabal. This cabal had the specific
intent of creating a VR and was highly secret. Sadly,
nothing remains secret for long when the Technocracy is
involved.

With the help of the Sons of Ether, Turing developed
the first trinary computer. This was a revolutionary type of
computer, even for the Virtual Adepts. Most computers
operated on the binary number system. Because all comput-
ers of the time used electricity, they were essentially huge
banks of switches and could represent information only as
patterns of closed and open switches. This resulted in data
being held in off or on patterns. On was a "yes" and off was
a "no". Each of these ons and offs were (and still are)
referred to as "bits."

The trinary computer remains based loosely on this
system. Instead of running on regular electricity, however,
the trinary computer runs on alternating current, and has
three states. Each bit can be either on, off, or "negative on".
This equates to a yes, ano, or a third state called "maybe".
This was the first application of fuzzy logic, which made the
computer able to more accurately represent a human brain.

The first computer to do this was developed in the
Chantry created by Turing and the Sons of Ether. It was a
massive affair and took up most of the available space in an
abandoned aircraft hanger transformed into their base of
operations. While most of the computers being researched
at this time were being developed in the United States,
Turing's operation took place in England. IBM was devel-
oping its first computer under Technocratic supervision,
and the UNIVAC I was predicting the results of the 1952
Presidential Election.

Rending the Tapestry

I feel myself driven to an end that I do not know. As soon
as I shall have reached it, as soon as I shall have become
unnecessary, an atom will suffice to shatter me. Until then, not
all the forces of mankind can do anything against me.

— Napoleon Bonaparte

Few are sure about what happened on the fateful day
when Turing left this world, but many have speculated.

24 Digital Web

Turing apparently committed suicide; his Sleeper contem-
poraries believe that he took his own life because of
harassment he received when his homosexuality was re-
vealed. Many Virtual Adepts suspect that this was not the
case. Rumors still abound about what happened that fateful
day in Turing's room.

The day was marked by a number of breakthroughs in
the program Turing had designed to simulate reality. The
computer memory was not enormous, but were large enough
to allow a person to walk around in it. Using highly
specialized rotes, Turing projected his Avatar over a phone
line from his flat into the computer to test the possibilities
in long-distance VR access. While in the computer, he
initiated a rote in conjunction with the other Adepts and
Sons of Ether in the Chantry to actually digitize the
computer into itself, allowing the computer a theoretically
limitless capacity for expansion.

Turing had a narrow threshold of time to leave the
computer and get back to his unconscious body back in the
flat. The Sons of Ether had made it perfectly clear to Turing
that if he were caught in the computer when it recursed in
upon itself, the effect would be like being pulled into a
black hole one molecule at a time. An unsubstantiated
rumor claims that Turing was still inside the computer
when a group of Men in Black raided his flat. It is said that
they faked his suicide and left the building. Turing at-
tempted to return his consciousness and Avatar to his body,
but could not. The mages present in the Chantry still pale
when they speak of the screams they say they heard on the
monitors that day.

If the rumor is true, Turing's Avatar gave the computer
the power it needed to create or access the Net; some say
that he formatted a section of the old Ahl-i-Batin Realm,
while others insist that VR is the sole creation of Turing
and his supercomputer. Some say that Turing still walks
the landscape of the Net; some even believe that Turing's
Avatar and consciousness are melded with the Kernel of his
computer, and that together they guide the expansion of
the Net. If this were the case, many feel that Turing's
consciousness is condemned to eternal torture. For as long
as the Net exists, they believe, Turing will remained locked
at the core unable to escape and being slowly consumed
alive by a machine. Many Adepts who have explored the
outer fringes of the Net claim to have found digitized pieces
of Turing's screams as he was incorporated into the Kernel.
It is quite possible that he is screaming still.

After Turing's apparent death, the Virtual Adepts
were marked by the Technocracy; their acts of treason
could only be repaid with blood. The Adepts dumped all
that they could from Technocracy databanks into the Net.
They transferred all that they could into the new Digital
Web and went into hiding. The only people that they
trusted at this point were the Sons of Ether.

Shortly thereafter, a powerful Son of Ether pleaded the
Virtual Adepts case before the Council of Nine. Once their

To: Kibo
From: Laserfire

Dear Big Guy,

I ‘cepted this trans by accident in Etherland. If
anyone would no whether this made sense, it might b
u.:)

Laser

teehee

Begin Transmission

Norel,

Here is my point of view on everything.

The universe exists as a consensual reality, and the
Technocracy, for the most part, has won the big, bloody
battle for consensus.

Metaphysically and theoretically, the structure of
the universe is one of ideas, concepts, thoughts, arche-
types and emotions. A cosmic unconscious, if you will.
These metaphysical building blocks, thought-ites per-
haps, have shards that appear in the Umbra to be connected

by a lattice of crystal fibers or spider's webs that touch
everything, providing the pattern of reality. For example,
the metaphysical block containing emotion connects to
smaller blocks containing anger, love, hatred, etc. Love
connects toall different types of love and down to specific
degrees of love, felt by certain individuals.

This structure is mutable. It exists in its current form
only as a result of the Technocracy's efforts.

place in the Traditions was secure, the Adepts began to
explore their new Realm and continued to introduce new
ideas to the Sleepers through books and films. They helped
present the concept of cyberspace into cyberpunk fiction
and helped bring about the proliferation of personal com-
puters. The side effect of this expanded fascination with
VR is that the Net has grown far beyond any reasonable size
and is constantly expanding as more users come online...

A Life of its Own

Feed me!

— Audrey II, Little Shop of Horrors

The truth behind the Web escapes even its most
fanatical users; the Web is waking up. As computer users
feed their life-force into the Realm, it begins to take on a
sort of sentience. And it's hungry. Just as Horizon Realms
draw their substance from Quintessence channeled from
Nodes, the Web draws Quintessence through computer
interface — through a channel that millions of users access
every day.

Dr. Solaris's Theor

of the Web

The computer revolution has organized and pro-
vided access to ideas to an amazing degree. While,
admittedly, a worldwide Thought Projector might do a
better job of making ideas available, the rapid transfer of
ideas through open channels is more efficient and less
prone to Paradox. Asknowledge is made more accessible,
the consensual universe is strengthened. If all the Sleep-
ers learn that panda bears are always black and white,
then reality changes to reinforce that belief. The
Technomancer paradigm is strengthened. This does not
mean that all panda bears change color; rather no purple
pandas are found, and no yellow-striped ones are born.

On the other hand, if all Sleepers learn that panda
bears come in an unpredictable variety of colors and

mutate over generations, then reality changes to rein-
force that belief. The Technomancer paradigm is
weakened, although the structure of the universe is still
strengthened. Thought empowers reality. Computers
have tremendous potential for transmitting and organiz-
ing data and, hence, thought. Each computer, because it
allows access to these Thought-ites, becomes the center
of hundreds of new Web fibers.

That is how the Digital Web exists, and my panda
example shows its importance precisely. Imagine what
might happen to reality if enough propaganda were
spread through it to the Sleepers.

—Dr. Solaris

End Transmission

There is a reason for the chronic eye-strain, stiff necks
and headaches of full-time computer-users, a reason for the
pallid and listless bearing of compulsive Net-junkies. The
Web siphons tiny amounts of Quintessence from every
computer-user, Awakened and Sleeper alike, and uses it to
feed its ever-growing appetite. Mages spending time in the
Web likewise leave a bit of their Quintessence behind —
not much, just enough to be areal drain on those who spend
too much time in cyberspace.

The true sentience of the Realm is still light-years from
manifesting, but as each user feeds information and life-
force into the Net in an ever-growing spiral, the day of
Awakening grows closer. Perhaps Turing and his
supercomputer tapped the very Avatar of some new
Celestine or some radical manifestation of Gaia. Who's to
say what may happen on the day that the Digital Web
attains conscious thought?

ChapterOne 25


Computers and the

vey
Digital Web

Technology is paving the way to the future, and you are
either part of the steamroller, or part of the road.

—Nicholas Negroponte, Director of MIT's Media Lab

Computers have changed society. From cashiers scanning
groceries to ATMs, from video games to online libraries, from
computer monitored-engines to word processors, the computer
revolution has touched everyone's life in ways that we don't
even notice anymore. Some experts believe that by the year
2000, computers will be as common as televisions are today.
The effects of computer technology are only beginning.

In the magickal reality of Mage, each new computer taps
astrand of the Digital Web, connecting to hundreds of vertices.
As Sleepers spend time with their machines — playing games,
keeping track of finances, word processing, or contacting other
users online — they invest Quintessence into the Net. This
supply of Prime surges through the electronic reality. Some of
the Quintessence sustains the existing areas of the Digital Web;
mages harvest a small part of this power, but the rest of it opens
new connections, generates new filaments and Awakens more
sectors, causing the Net to expand. Not even the most optimis-
tic Virtual Adepts were prepared for this explosion of growth.

Un-Awakened computer users, even those connected to
non-magickal VR devices or interfacing with a BBS ora multi-
user dungeon, do not enter or experience the Digital Web. The
applications they use and the data they input have a physical
form in the virtual landscape of the web in areas called Grid
Sectors, but the Sleepers only experience cyberspace on their
monitor screen.

Programs being used by Sleepers appear as plain mono-
chrome geometric figures in the Net. BBS chatrooms
communicate incredibly slowly compared to conversations
between mages, because the Sleepers have to type their conver-
sations or make complex VR moves instead of just talking. In
Grid Sectors, mages may just speak and have their words appear
on Sleeper's computers. Some multimedia machines with sound
effects installed translate the mage's words into voice, as well.
Awakened users prefer to stay in secret back rooms to watch
Sleepers interact instead of dealing with them directly. A few
mages play video games with Sleepers, experiencing the game
asa full reality while the Sleepers watch on flatscreen. Very few
people can beat an online mage with a joystick. Those who do
are usually recruited as Acolytes by the Virtual Adepts.

If an Awakened being uses a computer, his data and
applications have a greater effect on the landscape of the Net,
butevenhe may only experience the Digital Web by usingsome
form of magick, such as a Talisman or rote.

Sleepers might shape sections of the Web unwittingly by
putting enough energy into a computer project, molding the
flexible reality to fit their imaginations. Mages watch for
Sleepers who mold their environment quickly or whose soft-
ware icons start taking form; these individuals are likely to
Awaken soon.

"Normal" Technology in
the Digital Web

The future has arrived. It's just not evenly distributed
— William Gibson

The technology possessed by the Virtual Adepts and
the Technocracy functions at a much higher level than

that commonly available in the Gothic-Punk universe.
However, most of this equipment is based on plausible
advances in Sleeper-accessible technology. Even the Void
Engineers don't have faster-than-light drives capable of
reaching the Andromeda Galaxy. For Storytellers, the
limits of this advanced tech are only left to the Storyteller's
discretion. In all cases, use dramatic intuition and common

sense.

Magickal computers could multi-task hundreds of ap-
plications, using the Mind Sphere. Semi-artificial
intelligences can be created by Virtual Adepts, binding
spirits into their machines (real Als are much harder to
create). These computer fetishes may write software for
themselves. Magickal machines may perform write func-

tions on read-only storage devices, like compact dis.
Terabytes of memory are contained on incredibly small
microchips. For all practical purposes, these computers
never run out of memory space. Also, these "decks" are very
portable. Often, an Adept's computer will be no bigger that
acellular phone or a clipboard (for those who like decent-
size screens).

Virtual Adept computer decks potentially have in-
credibly powerful communications and multi-mediasystems.
They recognize and respond to their user's voice commands
and are capable of producing human-sounding speech
patterns. Radio transmissions link these computers to net-
if they all contained cellular phones. Some may
have more than one cellular line, making them capable of
connecting to more than one network at a time. Virtual
Adepts have taken communication one step beyond the
phones. Their computers can receive television and radio
transmissions, including signals from satellite stations. They

works, 2

can also be used as frequency scanners as and all types of

transceivers. Any type of machinery that responds to radio
transmissions can be controlled by these systems. Adept
mail with special anteroom
programs that can operate the deck and answer the tele-
phone while unattended. Data transmission powered by
Correspondence magick flows at virtually limitless speed.

Talismans

Note: The following rules are an adjustment to the
rules regarding Talismans presented on page 240 of Mage.

systems may also receive

All Talismans have an Arete score and a Quintessence
score. A Talisman may only hold up to five times its Arete
rating in Quintessence and may only possess a number of
magickal effects equal to its Arete rating (Arete 2 = two

A Sword Called "Terror"

Joshua, a member of the Order of Hermes,
possesses a level 2 Talisman: an ancient gladius
from Roman Britain with the word "Terror" en-
graved in runes on the blade. The Talisman hasan
Arete of 5 and contains 15 points of Quintes-
sence. The Talisman is sharper than most blades
and does Strength + 3 damage. Also, the gladius
may cause extreme terror in its wielder's oppo-
nents (an Effect of Mind 2)

While walking along a dark side street in
Washington, D.C., Joshua is spotted by an un-
Awakened mugger who decides that the mage
looks like an easy target. As the mugger ap-
proaches, Joshua makes an Perception + Intuition
roll and decides something is wrong. He pulls the
gladius out of his trench coat to scare off his
potential attacker. The Storyteller decides that
the sight of the ancient weapon is enough to scare
people and informs Joshua that using the blade to
frighten the mugger is a form of static magick.
Joshua rolls the Talisman's Arete for the effect.
Unfortunately, the mage botches, and his player
marks down a new point of Paradox on Joshua's
character sheet. The mugger starts to pull a pistol
out of his jacket.

Joshua doesn't want a confrontation, because
Washington is crawling with Men In Black, and
he's just gained a point of Paradox. Also, Joshua
teally doesn't want to get shot at tonight. He
decides to use the Talisman ina vulgar manner to
scare the gunman away.

Joshua holds up the gladius, catching a glint
of moonlight on the blade and whispers "Fear
me," mostly for dramatic effect. Then he invokes
the magick. He rolls four dice for his Arete against
difficulty 5 (the Arete of the gladius). He gets
three successes, and the Talisman activates. For
the vulgar magick, he rolls 2 dice (the level of the
Talisman). He starts with a base difficulty of 5.
Because Joshua has activated the Talisman, he
decides to spend a point of the gladius' Quintes-
sence to reduce the difficulty number to 4. Joshua
burns one of his own Willpower points to create
anautomatic success before he rolls his Talisman's
two dice. If Joshua wanted, he could also use his
own Quintessence to aid the Talisman. Joshua
makes 3 successes on his vulgar magick roll. The
mugger receives a Willpower roll to resist the
direct effect, but he fails and flees in terror. Joshua
gains two Paradox, and the Storyteller rolls for
Paradox Backlash.

IfJoshua wanted to create a different magickal
effect, he could still tap his Talisman to use its
Quintessence.

Chapter One

27


Effects, and so on). A mage must roll her Arete against a
target number of the Talisman's Arete rating to activate
any vulgar magickal effects or to tap the Talisman's Quin-
tessence supply. The mage may spend an amount up to the
Talisman's level of Quintessence to lower difficulty num-
bers.

Sometimes, Talismans will require extra actions or the
use of certain command words in order to activate. Each
success increases the length of time that the Talisman is
activated (see chart below). Talismans have a Sphere
rating equal to the rating of the Sphere rating of their
chosen effect when using vulgar magick — a vulgar light-
ning blast, for instance, would allow for two dice (for the
Forces 2 Effect: Call Lightning), whereas a coincidental
blast would roll the Talisman's Arete. All Paradox gener-
ated by Talisman use is inflicted on the user.

Timespan

Immediate

One Turn

Three Two Turns
Four One Scene
Five However Long is Appropriate

In the Digital Web, nearly all technological Talismans
generate only coincidental effects. For a list of some more

common Talismans used by mages frequenting the Digital
Web, see Chapter Five.

Net Access

There are three primary methods of access-
ing the Net; access is not limited to members
of the Virtual Adept tradition. Other tradi-
tionsand the Technocracy employ variations
on these methods.

Sensory

voy y
Visitation

This method is routinely used by mages unfamiliar
with the Net, or who lack the power to properly defend
themselves. Almost anyone can access the Net in this way;

all that is needed is a set of VR goggles and some electrodes
for tactile feedback. This is often referred toas telepresence.

This type of access is rather limiting to the mage. As he
is not actually in the Net, wielding magick is somewhat
akin to picking up an egg with a remote-controlled manipu-
lator arm. It can be done, bur it is difficult. The difficulty for
any magickal effect increases by two for anyone using this
form of access.

While the type of equipment used does not matter,
there are several different types that are preferred by differ-
ent mages. The Virtual Adepts use a type of VR goggles that
look like a pair of dark sunglasses. Electrodes along the
brow transfer sensory information into the brain. These
glasses are quite common among the Adepts. They also use
body suits to access complete sensory experience.

The mages of Iteration X prefer to use the latest
technology available, regardless of the dangers involved.
Their VR goggles are a special type that were developed
only recently. A special projector projects the images
directly onto the back of the user's retina, and electrodes
along the sides transfer sensory data into the brain. A few
powerful Adepts discovered the easy way to maim someone

28 Digital Web

using these goggles: a little reprogramming and a good blast
from the Forces Sphere of magic will destroy the eyes of
anyone using these goggles.

This form of access is accessible to anyone, even
Sleepers (though Sleepers think they are seeing nothing
more than an impressive simulation). All the mage needs
is a good computer that is Net capable. Virtual Adepts
make a simple, personal computer-ready, plug-in VR set
available to any mage of the Traditions. They are eager to
spread the word about the Web in order to strengthen it

against the Technocracy.

Icons

In order to make themselves known, a mage must write
a program to create a three-dimensional image, an icon, of
herself while in the Web. This icon can take on almost any
physical appearance while in the Net. Size and shape do not
matter; only wit and magickal prowess win in the Web.

Icon creation requires a roll of Intelligence + Com-
puter, difficulty of 8, with four or more successes required.
It is often done as an extended action. While accessing the
Web requires a magickal effect (see below), icon creation
itself is not magical once inside.

In the Digital Web, mages may change their appear-
ance by rolling Manipulation + Computer. The mage may
chose any icon she desires from lizard creatures to perfect
humans tosuper-intelligentshades of blue. Assumed shapes
do not change traits, although Appearance and Intimida-
tion may be raised by a number of dots equal to the number
of successes on the Manipulation + Computer (maximum
of 5 in either one). Icon shifting may occur regardless of
how the mage is accessing the Net.

Some Virtual Adepts have created Constraint Realms
where the parameters limit the types of icon that may enter.

All icons must become contextually appropriate before
entering, or they simply can't get in. For example, if a Net
Runner comes across a Mad Hatter's Tea Party Realm, she
may only be able to enter if she changes her icon to that of
little girl, rabbit or doormouse, or something plausible
within that set of world laws. Clever mages can often find
loopholes in world laws and play ill-defined laws to their
benefit.

All beings who enter the Digital Web are identifiable
by the pattern code within their icon. All programs and
entities within the Digital Web have codes that identify
them. Iteration X does not reveal when its artificial intel-
ligence gained sentience; this knowlege might help the
Virtual Adepts learn Iteration X Pattern Codes granting
them access to the Convention's restricted areas.

Astral Immersion

Once the mage experiences an alternate world, that
world becomes real to him. The mage must first access the
Web via computer (Intelligence + Computer, three suc-
cesses, difficulty 7), then use the Correspondence Effect:
Correspondence Sensing to translate his consciousness
from the physical world to the Digital Web. The mage is
literally fooled into believing that he is in the Net. The
effect is an illusion, of course, but that belief is all that is
needed for the mage to affect Net reality and to astrally
project there without access to the Untether Mind Effect.
The mage's mind is no longer in his body, the computer or
physical reality; it has entered the world of the Digital Web.

With Astral Immersion, the grainy, low-resolution
worlds of VR come into breathtakingly sharp focus. The
mage initiates direct, consciousness-to-consciousness com-
munion with the Web. All of his senses, including magickal
ways of knowing, are saturated with hyper-kinetic informa-
tion. The sensory overload makes conventional VR seem
pale and anemic by comparison. The mage has startling
control over the world, because the magickal energy of the
unpatterned Web is highly responsive to thoughts. Mages
who enter the Web astrally can pattern Virgin Web by will
alone, and can manipulate other created Realms within the
Realm's predetermined world laws.

There are a few drawbacks to this method. First, the
user's body is vulnerable while his mind is in the Net. For
this reason, most mages prefer very secure havens from
which to operate their equipment. A few even go so far as
to hire bodyguards and install high-priced security systems.
Acommon trick is to set a burglar alarm to disconnect the
power to the goggles if the alarm is tripped.

One advantage of this method is that it is very hard to
kill or hurt a mage accessing the Net in this way. Any
damage delivered is dealt only to the mage's icon program.
One of the few ways to hurt someone accessing the Net by
Astral Immersion is through the use of lethal feedback (or
"LF"), an effect produced by setting up an interference
pattern in the sensory data going into the electrodes of the

user. This is very difficult, and only mages who understand
the way the human body works and the nature of the signals
it produces can use it. The effect of this type of attack is not
unlike a very bad "night terror". The victim is unable to
move or speak, and the "fight or flight" reaction will
become so severe that the victim either passes out or has a
heart attack. It usually takes from 10 to 15 minutes of this
type of feedback to kill or maim. This rote uses Life 3, Forces
2 and Prime 2.

Holistic Immersion

This process allows the mage to actually transform her
body into pure information and download herself into the
Net. A powerful computer is required for this magick; the
human body becomes a great deal of information when it is
digitized. This procedure takes less than a minute, but
during that time, the mage is completely vulnerable. Inter-
rupting the process can permanently damage the mage
attempting to enter the Net. Unfortunately, this form of
access is slightly more dangerous than iconization.

Because the mage exists in the Net as information, he
can be affected by programs that manipulate data. A person
who knows enough about the Net can write programs to
send a person through an infinite loop. On the other hand,
the mage can interact physically with others in the Net,
which can be significant for a character with high Physical
Attributes and low Mental ones.

Entering from the Ombra
(Walking the Web)

There is another way to enter the Web. The Net
Runner enters the Web through the Umbral Computer
Web that is connected to the Glass Walker CyberRealm in
the Umbra. The Umbral Computer Web is connected to
the Digital Web at various access points, allowing an
integrated system that enables a user of the Net access to
virtually any computer on Earth. This method is not
favored by any Virtual Adepts or member of the Technoc-
racy, but is more commonly used by Dreamspeakers and
werewolves.

Entrance to the Net from the Umbral Computer Web
is a very different sei
puter console. The mage must first enter the Umbra, either
Astrally using the Untether Mind Effect, or physically
using the Stepping Sideways Spirit effect. He must make
his way to the CyberRealm and find one of the many open
portals to the Web. These look like pools of light sur-
rounded by coils of metallic webbing. The user steps into
the portal and is sucked into the web.

sation than jacking in from a com-

Like much of the primitive magick from which werewolf
magic derives, the experience is very painful. No harm is
actually done to the person entering the Web, but he feels
like he is being wrenched apart. In the scrambling of
perceptions, the mage's clothes suddenly feel like coarse

Chapter One 29


wire, and visual information becomes too intense to distin-
guish. It's like staring into a gloomy dark room for five
minutes and then switching on a klieg light. Mages are
mystified as to why this sensory change occurs, but some
speculate that it is the result of the person's brain trying to
compensate and adjust to the sheer volume of information
it is receiving without a powerful computer acting as a
buffer.

Cruising the Operating System
Virtual Adepts officially report that the core opera-

tions of the Net are safe from tampering, but rumors persist
that there is a way to reach the secret world where the Net

performs its most basic functions. People and objects who
reach this apocryphal form of immersion are supposedly
seen as trajectory numbers and positioning data floating
though the ether. Even the most perceptive mages are
supposed to be able to see the character as little more than
a disturbance in Net reality surrounded by a bit of "whit-
eout." The mage is literally walking among the data streams
that most Net inhabitants never see. There is a rumor
floating around the Net that a few strange denizens of the
Umbra are floating around behind the user interface, some-
what like rats scurrying about behind a kitchen wall.
Others are skeptical. No one knows for certain...

Webworks Rules

S] [t's not just a riot of blots and blurs and disjointed

Looking at the Net

What's the Web like? Imagine a place where
§ your mind creates and alters reality with a

thought. Imagine a place where your every
perception— everything you smell, hear, taste, touch, and
see— exists because someone thought it into existence.
This place is a Realm where Rene Descartes' Omnipotent
Deceiver has been trapped in the Pattern Web and discov-
ered that reality has become an exploration of other peoples'
minds. All those various interacting imaginations show up
in the digital reality like morning dew on a spider's web —
little drops of reality clinging to the Pattern.

Wherever you go in the digital reality, you intrude on
someone's creation, someone's thoughts made real. Noth-
ing can rival it for overwhelming sensation. The digital
reality feeds straight into your brain (direct neural input).
Everything comes in stronger, and there's more of it. Don't
be surprised if it takes you a little while to get used to it.

In one place, all that you'll experience is a digitized,
monochromatic rendering of Super Space Trade Wars, the
imprint of dozens of late-night BBSers on Virgin Web
formatted long ago. Tiny two-dimensional spacecraft blast
away at one-another with fire-trailing photon torpedoes
and eye-searing pulsar cannons, while their pilots vie for
control of water-rich worlds represented by globes enclos-
ing environmental statistics.

In another place, you might stumble into a private,
haunted alleyway. Old newspapers and fresh candy wrap-
pers whip around your legs, carried on the same wind that
destroys your hair-do and carries the smell of spent bullets
and ruptured bowels. Deep inside the alleyway, under a
glaring, harsh white spotlight, a man lies draped across a
stretcher. He looks at you over his left shoulder, eyes wide,

30 Digital Web

pupils dilated, his breath stinking of too much alcohol. He's
pale, so pale you can barely tell he's black under his gauzy,
translucent skin. Blood oozes in wet globs from the torn
hole in his chest. A pair of gleaming steel clamps hold the
tear open. A disembodied hand, gloved in sterile yellow
latex, reaches into the man's chest, grips his heart and
squeezes rhythmically. A commanding voice echoes down
the alleyway towards you— "One-and-Two-and-Three..."
Then, softly, chanted like a prayer, you hear the doctor
repeating the words, "Live, you bastard!"

Then again, you might find yourself strolling through
the playground of an Awakened child. He's definitely got
the biggest jungle-gym on the block. In the middle of a
grassy field, his mind has created a sandbox, sunshine and
swings that could launch you into orbit.

Techno-Turf

Ofcourse, these are just the "frontier" areas (Junklands,
or Stacked Files, as the Virtual Adepts like to call them),
places where someone has come along and imposed night-
mares, fantasies or thoughts upon the web. Wait until you
scan someplace organized, like the Spy's Demise. Or stop by
Technomancer Turf— now, that's someplace you don't
want to visit without permission. You ever see Tron? Well,
that's Techno-Turf: straight lines, right-angles, and 45°
turns. This is prime VR, complete with Euclidean Geom-
etry, stale air, user-friendly beeps and chimes and the tingle
of power currents. Add three primary colors liberally ap-
plied in neon and it's an ideal world.

Why wouldn't you want to visit it? Well, killer defense
programs with Prime-shattering blasters are one good rea-
son. To say nothing of the shiny silver robot guys with big
guns that patrol the Net. Getting hit by a virtual annihila-
tor on your way home from a quick jaunt through the
quadrant qualifies as "not a good time" in most books.

That's what the Technocracy wanted, though. That's
what they willed on the Pattern. Force your thoughts on
Web, and that's what you get— a VR Rorschach test. You


can't imprint the whole place, though — only Virgin Web.
Try it here, where the web's already imprinted, and you're
liable to have a seizure from the effort.

Stacked Files

Welcome to my little world

Completely self-contained, yeah

Your problems they will soon be gone

(We soak up so much pain, yeah)

— Oingo Boingo, "Pain"

Other places in the Web have cropped up over the
years, though. Stacked Files are places that people found so
appealing that some kind soul modulated them to ease the
impact on visiting egos. This usually happens on its own
when a lot of people visit a place over and over again and
leave a "friendly" imprint. Sometimes, though, a Master or
agroup of mages turns down the inputs ata Stacked File and
sets up shop. These quick-fix pocket Realms usually disap-
pear when Paradox comes crashing in on the vulgarity of
the magick, but every once in a while the "proprietors"
manage to avoid the backlash and the place stays open.

The Crater

If you ever need to pick up Quintessence in a hurry,
then you want to connect to the Crater. The pits have been

here since before most Net Runners can remember. If you

do visit, go prepared to fight or gamble. This zone was
reportedly the imprint of a Cult of Ecstasy martial artist.
Net myth has it that his body died while he was trying to
modulate his imprint and his consciousness was trapped in
the Digital Web. Now he runs the Crater and teaches those
who he feels have the potential to attain enlightenment.

In the pits, mages face off against one another—
apprenticed Hollow Ones, Virtual Adepts or Orphans,
mostly, with the occasional C of X or AK Brother going for
a round or three (rumor has it that a midget werewolf
wandered into Pit One last week and de-rez'd six mages
before being dumped). The first three pits hold only duels.
Pits Four and Five are bigger and have been used for team
fights. High-rollers, heavy bets, and hot fighters abound in
the arena. Sure, you probably can't die ina Stacked File, but
you can get dumped back to a body sore as all hell from the
feedback.

Every once in a while, you get a blood match. People
who can't settle their disputes quietly in the Spy's Demise
are informed that The Crater is a good place to pound one
another toa pulp. The proprietors enact a specific rote that
surrounds Pit Three; the area becomes Restricted. No one
gets in, no one gets out, at least not until someone goes
down. Getting dumped and de-rez'd in a Restricted Zone
hurts— your brain, ripped from a Restricted Zone, suffers
neural shock. You might wake up a little dumber, a little
slower to react ora little less likely to see that critical clue.

Chapter One 31


There's that old saying about "nothing gained without
risk." Well, welcome to the Crater!

The Pool of Infinite Reflection

The first Akashic Brother to enter the Digital Web
sought a place to meditate. The Virgin Web he imprinted
has become a place of tranquillity almost frightening to
those fleeing their own inner Quiet. It's a spooky feeling,
not sensing anything in that Virtual Realm except the ebb
and flow of one's own icon. There's no sense of direction or
balance— nothing. Your mind starts to play tricks on you
after a while; your imagination spins things out of the
nothingness.

The Matterhorn

Out on the fringes of one Formatted Sector is a massive
wall; those who've scaled that mammoth barrier say there's
a gigantic mountain, perpetually lashed by blizzards and
storms. This mountain is supposed to be so huge that no one
can see either the summit or the base. Some Dreamspeaker
said something about a coughing hill or something, but it
dosn't look like a hill by any account I've heard. The
Adepts just call it "the Matterhorn", and that works fine
with me.

That's how it scans. Everyone and anyone can do
something in the Digital Web. Reality hits hard in the Net
— if you're not ready for it, you better stick to observing and
nix the visitation.

Reality in the Web

According to the paradigm of reality, events in the
Digital Web are not real. They are virtual events that may

affect a person mentally, but will probably not affect a
Runner physically. It's possible to mess with someone's
mind— even to cause them to ignite from online feedback
— but it is not possible (without using vulgar magick) to
cause someone's body hooked up to a computer in a lab to
break down into small microdots by zapping them from the
Net. (Although some Virtual Adept masters believe that
reality can be made to mirror the virtual sensations of the
computer Web; a true command of mathematics, coupled
with an understanding of Quintessence and reality could
allow virtual affects to occur in the real world.) It is
coincidentally possible to command a laser system ina lab
to crisp the body of an online user.

Anything that could be rationalized as a simulated
event is possible in the Digital Web. Whatever can be felt,
tasted, smelled, seen, heard or sensed in any way may be
experienced in the Net. However, for most beings the
Digital Web is not an actual physical experience; it is a
mental experience.

Some mages, such as Dreamspeakers, like to enter the
Digital Web from the Umbra, using Spirit magick instead
of Correspondence. For these individuals, the rules of the
Computer Web in the Umbra apply (see the Werewolf
book Umbra: the Velvet Shadow).

Masters of Correspondence have hollowed out large
sections of the Digital Web and invested Quintessence in
them to create Virtual Realms. These Realms function like
Umbral Horizon Realms but are just located within the
Digital Web instead of the Umbra.

Geography of the Web

Most people are not high-minded enough to live
| in the kind of worlds they envision.

— Todd Rungren, in an interview

There are two types of regions in the Digital
Web: formatted and unformatted sectors.
Formatted sectors are sections of the Web
that have been transformed by the thoughts,
feelings and emotions of Cybernauts or Sleep-
ers. These sectors respond subtly if at all to
the presence of new minds. Most of the known Web is
formatted, but there are fringe areas like the Matterhorn
where formatting is not possible for one reason or another.

Onformatted Web

Unformatted sectors, or Virgin Web, are unexplored
regions of the Digital Web, easily warped to fit the visions
of VR of those who discover them. Knowledge of an
unformatted sector is more valuable than a Node to most

32 Digital Web

Cybernauts. However, few areas stay unformatted for long.
Groups that try to hide an unformatted sector will be
challenged by both the Void Engineers and the Virtual
Adepts, both of whom want to be the one to create the
Read Only reality of the Net.

The unformatted Web is the frontier of the Net.
Unlike traditional understandings of frontier, this stuff
doesn't necessarily lie on the outer limits or fringes of the
Digital Web. The Adepts theorize that Turing's computer
is off somewhere spinning out an endless loop of creation.
The Net, therefore, may be infinite, growing with the
influx of new Quintessence and new information. As
communications improve on Earth, more of the Pattern
Web and the unformatted Web grows.

Virgin Web appears as the interior of crystalline tubes.
Any digital persona may format it if she has the power and
knowledge. This first formatting is the strongest; elements
of it remain with that section of the Digital Web even if

'
;


others come and rework the virtual landscape. It is impos-
sible to completely eliminate every bit of a first formatting.

Formatting Web

Formatting may take many forms, depending on the
style of magick being employed; a Dreamspeaker may call
the local spirits to bend reality to her will, while a Progeni-
tor might work out some arcane equation on a portable
computer, proving that the land before resembles a particu-
lar habitat. Because formatting is an effort of will, not
Earthly magick, the method is more of a special effect than
anything else. Nevertheless, some method must be utilized
to shape the whim of imagination into the form of reality.

When our Dreamspeaker encounters a plain of Virgin
Web, she may format it by spending a Willpower point and
roll her Arete against a difficulty of 6. A success lets her
define the basic "feel" of the web.

From there, she can create one "parameter"—a special
tule for the area— for each success beyond the first. The
effects of parameters are limited to a mage's abilities in her
Spheres; if our mage had Forces 1, she could not block
effects of Forces 2 or higher. She could block perceptions of
Forces, but could not prevent anyone from utilizing pat-
terns of energy.

Failing the roll means that the character accepts the
crystalline landscape as reality. A botch puts the format-
ting in the hands of the Storyteller who should have the
landscape reflect part of the player's subconscious. This is

how Junklands are made.

The area of this formatting extends for a 100' hemi-
sphere in front of her for every success she attains.
Correspondence magick can not be used to locate Virgin
Web or to go further "out" into it, because Correspondence
presupposes that the mage knows that a location exists in
the first place. Time Sphere magick is likewise ineffective.
Only an individual's will and perception may pattern this
flexible Realm.

Sleepers occasionally format Virgin Web without even
knowing it; a particularly brilliant breakthrough or espe-
cially enjoyable new game might reach to anarea heretofore
undiscovered. The programmer only remembers a massive
tush of discovery followed by a listless, fuzzy-headed period.
The poor guy will probably never know what he has done.
Such is the tragedy of going through life with one's eyes
closed.

Formatted Sectors

There are two types of formatted sectors; free and
Restricted (sometimes called public and private, respec-
tively). The difference is simple. Any Cybernaut can reach
a free sector without problems— they are fully accessible.
Restricted sectors are claimed sections of the Net that have
These include company and government

limited acces:

networks, Technocracy Constructs, Virtual Adept
Chantries, many miscellaneous Virtual Realms and so on.

Without Restricted sectors, reality would be much less
exciting for hackers.

Free Sectors

Free sectors are areas where data transmission is un-
regulated. As a basic rule, if you don't need a password to
access the information stored in an area; it's free. Free
ily found, and they rarely move in the Net. In
fact, many Cybernauts ignore free sectors, despite the fact
that they contain a great deal of data and a few cool Grid
sectors in which to meet Sleepers.

sectors are e:

Examples of public sectors include the Junklands,
Techno Turf and Grid sectors.

Grid Sectors

A monochromatic plain where Sleeper icons go. These
sectors are filled with geometric icons representing user
applications, For the destructive among the Awakened,
these programs have a single Health level and only a point
of Stamina. They can be made to crash easily. Mages may
talk in Grid sectors and have their words appear on a
Sleeper BBS, or watch the users sending in their text.

Junklands

The Junklands were the scenes of massive conflicts or
failed attempts at formatting. They contain a miasma of
images and sensations that can be overwhelming, requiring
Willpower rolls to overcome. Patrons of the Spy's Demise
compare the Junklands to the most nightmarish drug-induced
hallucinations imaginable. Sometimes, Junklands contain a
sentience, a mage who formatted her spirit into the landscape
around herself. Those Junklands are normally called Stacked
Files. The Crater is one example of a Stacked File.

The Trash Sector

There is reputed to be an area of the Digital
Web where all irretrievable programs go. Like all
myths, there's probably some truth to it. Some
that the legendary Trash Sector breeds Nephandi
and opens into the Deep Umbra. Others blame
everything from disturbances in parameters to
moving conduits. A few pessimist paraphobes claim
the Trash Sector is just Paradox getting ready to
dump the entire Net.

Strange things happen if you watch from the
Web whenever something permanently goes down;

there's a deep chill, and sometimes, out of the
corner of your eye, you may see a dark conduit
open.

Chapter One 33


Technomancer Turf

Pixelated geometric solids done with sharp angles mark
Technocracy formatting. This landscape surrounds the
Technocracy's Restricted sectors. Usually these areas are pa-
trolled by killer computer programs and agents of the
Conventions. The Void Engineers have a special ability to
dump Cybernauts they encounter trespassing in these areas.
The general atmosphere of Techno Turf is oppressive and
sterile.

Restricted Areas

A Restricted area is an area of the Digital Web that has
been sealed off from the virtual landscape. Access points to
these areas are guarded by bound Paradox spirits or computer
programs. Some of these defenses are extremely dangerous.

All types of areas are restricted, usually by the Technoc-
racy. The massive global corporate networks of the Syndicate
are restricted. Government systems and phone systems are
restricted by the New World Order. Virtual Adepts restrict
access to their digital Chantries. All access points to
Autochthonia have been restricted by Iteration X.

Most Restricted Areas are only protected by minor pass-
word programs, which are easy enough for most computer
jockeys to bypass. The strongest defenses involve spirits that can
scan code before allowing pa . Inexperienced mages will
sometimes attack these defenses to break into a Restricted area.

34 Digital Web

Crasye

While it is possible to destroy the defenses, entry under such
circumstancesisalwaysnoticed. The besthackersslip in through
back-doors or just go by the defenses without ever beingnoticed.

The biggest difference between Restricted Areas and free
areas is movement. Moving through a Restricted area is a great
deal slower than moving through a free area. Virtual death is a

much more serious affair here, as the mind does not easily rejoin
its body.

Conduits

Conduits are the data pathways, the information super-
highways of the Digital Web. They connect sectors thatcontain

Virtual Realms. Conduits always appear as pathways, usually

tubes of electronics or light. Travel through conduits is exceed-
ingly fast, limited only by the whims of the Storyteller. However,
most conduits travel through several sectors to reach anything
of value. Even hopping in and out of a sector takes time.

Sectors

Sectors are sections of Web where conduits collide and
form an open space. Sectors are where all the action happens.
Sectors can be thought of as files or directories on a computer
disc— the conduits are the datapaths that the computer uses to
connect them. Sectors store information in the web and make
up the more "solid" areas of the Web, those places where reality
approximates Earth (or at least a warped version of it).


Web Systems

W»,] The general environment of the Net resembles
that of the real world. Most non-magickal
actions work ina similar manner on both levels
of reality.

Attribute
Changes

The Digital Web is a mental experience, nota
physical one. Intelligence replaces all of the functions of
Strength in the web. Quick-thinking becomes speed in VR, so
Wits replaces Dexterity. The only Physical Attribute that
remains the same is Stamina. In the Digital Web, Stamina
generally covers mental fatigue; virtual experiences can be
draining or dangerous to the physical body as well.

Moving Through the
Conduits

Navigating is a matter of understanding the Web itself.
Mages may make a Perception + Computer roll to find
whatever data clusters or Virtual Realms they may be
searching for in the Net.

Jeanne D'Ark, with a Perception of 4 and Computer
of 3 would roll 7 dice to find her way around VR. The
difficulty is at the Storyteller's discretion, based on the area
being searched and the size of the object she seeks.

Once Jean knows the location of a data pathway, she
need not make a roll to trace it again. Many mages use
Correspondence magicks to locate areas online.

Physicality of the Net

For mages projecting Astrally or Holistically in the
Net, everything— from icons of travelers to virtual chairs
and tables— has a substance to it. Mages perceive the
Digital Web with all of their senses. The electronic objects
found in the Net work just like objects in realspace: chairs
break; broken glass cuts flesh; car doors lock. Although
virtual reality is more fluid, solid virtual objects are still
solid and function in the same manner as their earthly
counterparts.

Visitors traveling by way of Sensory Immersion can
touch objects, but because they have no Attributes within
the Web, they can't affect anything or be really harmed
(without some vulgar magicks).

Retrieving Data

Information appears in strange forms in the Net; all of
it is, however, transferable in some way. Data often takes
the form of crystalline blocks. To find a stockpile of these
blocks in a particular area, an enterprising mage rolls

Perception + Computer to find data clusters (difficulty 6)
each turn.

A number of extended successes may be needed if the
data is hidden and protected with passwords, up to 20 or
more with the most advanced NSA and New World Order
non-magickal techniques. As an option, any single die roll
with an extraordinary number of successes (more than 5)
locates the info instantly. Multiple Cybernauts may work
together and many data riders have programs that help
them search. Of course, a Cybernaut may only retrieve
information if it is located in the sector she is searching.

A Cybernaut may retrieve as much data out of the Net
as she can carry, using her Intelligence like Strength. Data
has a weight in the Digital Web. The more extra data that
she is willing to collect, the less time she needs to spend
searching — each weight class above the amount needed
reduces the extended successes by 3.

Data Weight Chart

Virtual

Weight Equivalent Data

Several pages of text, a single rote, or less

A large document of information
(possibly a novel)

A computer game with lots of graphics
A large CD ROM game or a set of
encyclopedias

A library of CD ROM games

The Library of Congress

If the data isn't somewhere in here, it
doesn't exist!

Snatch& Grab

Johnny V is looking for a quote made by the President
in a New World Order Restricted sector. All he needs is
page of text. He locates the proper data cluster, which takes
the form of a gigantic file room. Johnny figures he'll be out
faster if he can just grab the entire file. The Storyteller
decides Johnny would need 11 successes to find the quote,
so he only needs to get 8 to find the file. If Johnny's
Intelligence were only 2, he would be massively burdened
down with the data, but since his Intelligence is 4, carrying
the file is no big deal. If he runs into a Man In Black,
however, Johnny's dice pools are reduced by 1.

Acharacter must roll Perception + Research against a
target of the information's virtual weight to locate the data
he wanted. He needs a number of successes equal to the
weight of what he retrieved minus the weight of what he
wanted.

ChapterOne 35


Damage in the Web

Damage taken in the Digital Web is real. If youcan feel
it, it's real. Pain definitely exists in VR. For characters who
holistically enter the Net, everything that takes place
works exactly the same way as it would in realspace. If you
die, you die. If you get punched, it hurts. Pure and simple.

Pain works much the same for a mental traveller; the
difference is in how long the effects last. When a character
returns from the Digital Web, she gets to roll her Stamina
against a difficulty of 6. Each success removes a Health
level. A botch adds a wound. Any wounds that remain are
transferred to her Physical form. This damage is pain and
fatigue, not actual gaping wounds. Aggravated wounds,
however, manifest as brain damage. They take a long time
to heal, and may have lasting effects.

Combat in the Net functions the same way it does in
realspace. Only the magick parameters of certain Virtual
Realms will make a difference.

First Aid can be performed in VR. It requires a Ma-
nipulation + Computer roll (difficulty determined by
damage). Characters must go offline to recover naturally.

Digital Death

Digital death does not have to be absolute for the
mental voyagers. If a character dies online, several things
may happen, depending on the environment:

For example, a Virtual Adept named Rachel is explor-
inga free area. If Rachel "dies", the fragments of her virtual
form race back to her body. System shock is massive;
Rachel needs to makea Stamina roll, difficulty 7, torecover
her Health Levels. She recovers one Health Level per
success and may spend Willpower to help heal. If she fails
this roll, Rachel falls into a coma. Her fate is left to the
Storyteller, who determines if anyone has a chance of
finding her before she dies of thirst or starvation. If she
botches her Stamina roll, she dies.

A character who dies in a Restricted Sector suffers a
different fate. If Johnny gets nailed by the aforementioned

2 || The static reality of the Digital Web works

g. | differently from that of the real world. Magick
y 4 and Paradox have differentrules, and the Digital
yy Web has its own unique form of not-so-static
{

reality.
Storytellers who want to use a more simpli-
) fied magick system within the Digital Web can
use the rules for working magick in the Near
" Umbra found in Mage: The Ascension (Chap-
ter7, pg. 180) with the special Digital Web Paradox effects. The
information in the following sections describes how the static

36 Digital Web

This is gonna hurt me more
than it hurts you...

Akashic mage Rachel Hunter wants to punch
a HIT Mark (ow!). She rolls her Wits + Brawl
instead of Dexterity + Brawl. She rolls three suc-
cesses and hits.

She calculates her damage with her Intelli-
gence instead of Strength. Sadly, Rachel is stronger
than she is clever, and rolls one success on three
dice. The HIT Mark easily soaks this, and comes
after Rachel.

Rachel still uses her Wits and Intelligence for
Mental Attribute rolls. Her Wits function in place
of her Dexterity; this is a good thing. She'll need
them to Dodge the damn thing...

Man in Black, his icon shreds and he is torn through the
Net, through the barriers, back to his body. Because of the
mental dissolution, he permanently loses two points from
his Mental Attributes . These points may not be healed —
only repurchased with experience. He must then make a
Stamina roll with a difficulty of 7. If he fails the roll, he
lapses intoa coma as above; ifhe botches, it's time foranew
character or a resurrection ceremony. For some characters,
this may be a cool way to escape capture by the Technoc-
racy while they are hacking, but Virtual Adepts who jump
offline by committing digital suicide usually don't live very
long anyway.

Getting Dumped

Sometimes Cybernauts get unceremoniously punted
offline. When this happens, the traveller only gets injured
if he get dumped out of a Restricted Sector. If this happens,
he loses a point from one of his Mental attributes. This
takes one day to heal and leaves the traveller with one hell
of a headache.

Digital Magick

reality of the Net works for those who want a unique feel to
magick in the Web.

The presence of Sleepers online, regardless of whether
they have their icons projected into the Digital Web, does not
affect the use of vulgar magick. They simply accept whatever
thet see as "really cool graphics".

Insome cases, the same effect may be caused using different
Spheres. This often happens in Mage, and any overlap in the
Spheres found in the "Digital Magick" section is intentional.

Paradox in the Digital
Web

When a mage acquires Paradox in the Digital Web, it
accumulates in the same fashion as it does on Earth. The
effects, however, are not nearly as obvious, which leads
some neophyte Net Runners to believe that Paradox is
suspended in the Net. Paradox flaws do not often manifest
in the Web and Paradox gained in the Web does not
"follow the user home". Paradox, rather, often takes the
form of "whiteout", a localized systems crash caused by
straining the fabric of the formatted reality.

Whenever a Paradox backlash occurs, it affects the
entire sector or conduit that the mage is inside. For mages
using Correspondence to be co-locational, the backlash
affects all environments where the mage has an icon. Any
Paradox gained by the mage in the Web stays in the Web;
any Paradox gained back on Earth remains there; this
supports the contention that the Net is a seperate Realm
unto itself.

Paradox Backlash causes an area of the Digital Web to
break down. The effects of this range from our poor mage
simply de-rezzing to a complete crash of the sector — a
whiteout. If the backlash only affects an icon, the affected
icon is immediately dumped from the system. If an area is
affected (three successes or more on the backlash roll), the
icons and the area are rendered inert. The reality of the
Digital Web ceases to exist for a time. See the chart below
to determine the magnitude of the backlash.

The Storyteller may make a second backlash roll to
determine the length of time the effect lasts. Storytellers
should feel free to use dramatic license instead; game
mechanics should not interfere with the flow of the story.

Another peculiar effect of whiteout is retrieval (or the
lack of it); it is impossible to reach the victims' icons by any
manner currently known to mages. Their icons are unaf-
fected by Correspondence or Time magicks. They simply

Whiteout Backlash

Successes Area of effect
Mage responsible for backlash
Mage and other icons in closest
vicinity

The immediate area

Entire sector or conduit
Sector and immediately
connecting sectors

Major system crash, akin to an
entire city's phone lines going
down

Backlash Duration

Duration of
effect

Successes

One turn

One scene

12 hours

One day

One week

One month or more
(Storyteller's discre-
tion)

seem to have stepped out of the framework of reality. Some
mages caught in whiteout speak of being dumped into VR
Paradox Realms, while others remember nothing of the
experience; still others are never heard from again.

The physical bodies of the Webslingers are another
matter entirely. A body left behind in the real world will fall
into a cataleptic state until the Paradox effect ends. If
enough time passes, the body will starve or desiccate. Many
experienced Webslingers have their Acolytes hook up life-
support systems just in case.

Optional Rule: A mage must make a Stamina roll after
the whiteout ends (difficulty 6); otherwise, her body re-
mains in a coma for a time determined by the Storyteller.

For even more dramatic effects, Storytellers may rule
that the whiteout drops all affected mages into a Paradox
Realm. Escape comes only at the end of the whiteout.
Paradox realms are only limited by the dramatic license of
the Storyteller.

Sensory visitors, because they are not actually within
the Web, suffer normal Paradoxical side effects of their
vulgar magicks. These effects may, however, damage the
whole area around them if the backlash is great enough. A
release of more than 10 points of Paradox will cause a
whiteout regardless of the nature of the mage's travelling
form.

Fociin the Digital Web

Most mages retain virtual foci as part of their Icons.
This enables them to perform magicks that they would
normally be able to use in realspace. Due to the technologi-
cal nature of the Digital Web, any mage using a focus may
lower the difficulty of her magicks by 1. The Technocracy
relies completely on foci.

Technomagicks

All Technomancers use foci for all of their magickal
effects. For example, ifa member of Iteration X wants to fry
someone with Forces, he may have a laser gun or an

ChapterOne 37


implanted particle cannon. The technology may be beyond
the limits of Sleeper understanding, but it is different from
the more mystical way a Tradition mage uses magick.
Technomancers are also notorious paraphobes; they're
much less willing than other mages to risk Paradox to
achieve their goals.

Vulgar Tricia

Tricia, a Virtual Adept barabbi, chats on a
BBS with a Sleeper, Brenda. The Nephandus
decides that she doesn't like Brenda and decides to
have some mean-spirited fun with her. Tricia talks
to Brenda's boring grid icon and tells her that her
monitor screen is going to flash green. Brenda
watches the words flash up on her screen, and is
amazed at how fast a typist Tricia must be. Brenda
starts to type a question, when her screen flashes
green, thanks to Tricia's command of Forces.

Brenda asks if Tricia is one of the employees
of United States Online. "No," Tricia replies "I'm
much more powerful, and now I'm going to blow
up your monitor." Brenda gets nervous and un-
plugs her modem connection. Tricia knows that
the computer is no longer an access point; she
decides to let fly with an electrical burst anyway,
though a power surge through an unplugged com-
puter is vulgar. The monitor explodes.

The Storyteller declares that the effect con-
stitutes "Vulgar Magick with a Witness". If Tricia
had blown up the monitor without warning, the
power surge could be declared coincidental. If
Brenda and her computer had actually been inside
the Net, the effect might have been coincidental.
But because obnoxious Tricia crossed the boarder
between the two Realms, the paradigms do not
translate. An unplugged computer exploding on
its own is theoretically impossible on Earth, and
Tricia reaps some Paradox.

The Nature of the
Spheres

Could the straggling thoughts of individuals be collected,
they would frequently form materials for wise and able men to
improve into useful matter.

— Thomas Paine, Common Sense

The Digital Web is not part of the Near Umbra or the
Earth. It exists as its own separate Realm, with its own laws
of reality. The paradigm of the Digital Web is not yet solid;
as the Digital Web continues to grow, Storytellers should
feel free to adjust the way magicks work within the Realm.

38 Digital Web

The next few pages contain suggestions about how the
Spheres of magick work inside the Digital Web. If you
decide to use this system or a variant, static and dynamic
tules are used as per Mage: The Ascension. Remember that
Sleeper witnesses do not cause more Paradox unless the
mage blatantly displays some power beyond the scope of
"tadical graphics".

Each Sphere has a rating number, followed by a brief
description of how the magick functions in the strange
reality of the Net, a discussion of common effects and some
coincidental examples of how to use the Sphere.

There are three golden rules of Net Magick. First,
magicks may only affect an area of the Digital Web that is
accessible to the mage. Second, magicks may not affect
Realspace or the Umbra, except for areas immediately
surrounding Net access points. The third, and ultimate,
tule is to do whatever is necessary to tell a good story.

For all Spheres, the rating number next to the Sphere
means that all effects up to that rating do not generate
Paradox within the Net.

Sphere Ratings and
Effects

Correspondence |

Correspondence magicks provide the structure of the
Digital Web. Many mages believe that the Net was made
accessible through an incredibly powerful use of Corre-
spondence. Some say Turing was destroyed by Paradoxical
side effects of the Web's creation. Correspondence pro-
vides access to the Net and allows mages to perceive and
sense the virtual reality in the first place.

All mages within the Digital Web have their dots in
Correspondence raised by 1 toa maximum of their Arete or
5, whichever is lower. This increase in power is a fuction of
the Web's reality and does not allow the mage to effect
reality outside the Web in any manner. The level 1 Corre-
spondence Effect Landscape of the Mind (see Mage: The
Ascension, Chapter 7, pg. 185) automatically functions for
mages inside the electronic landscape.

For example, if Kestrel, a mage with a single dot in
Correspondence, enters the Digital Web, his rating in-
creases to 2. He may now sense other locations, using
Correspondence Sensing (see pg. 185, above), but these
locations are limited to the Net. Attempts to sense beyond
the virtual environment fail, since his Correspondence
increase is directly tied to the reality of the Web.

Range limitations still apply to the use of Correspon-
dence. The chart below is a modified version of the one
found in Mage: The Ascension, Chapter 7, pg. 184.

Restricted Areas are not accessible using Correspon-
dence in the static reality of the Net. A mage may travel up
to the barrier of a Restricted area with Correspondence
magick, but may not enter. Correspondence may be used as


vulgar magick to circumvent this rule, but usually trips
some alarm in the process.

Immediate Spatial Perceptions, or level 1 Correspon-
dence, allows a mage to be completely aware of an entire
sector, using Landscape of the Mind. Measurements of all
types concerning the virtual reality may be made. Many
Virtual Adepts have this spatial data appear in front of their
eyes as they view a target, as if they were using high-tech
scanners. Everything within a Restricted area is treated as
if it had been consciously hidden; therefore, it is not
immediately perceptible.

Correspondence Perceptions, level 2, are used by
mages coincidentally to scan for conduits through the
Digital Web. Projected perceptions appear to the Awak-
ened as geometric shapes floating through the Net. Also,
this ability can be used coincidentally to perceive events
around the mage's body if she were astrally projecting into
the Net. Any access point to the Digital Web may be
reached coincidentally by Correspondence Perceptions.
Effects such as staring out of computer monitors or looking
through security cameras attached to a computer are coin-
cidental. However, the mage's field of perception is limited
to the monitor screen or camera. Some mages are reputed
to use satellite tracking systems from the Web.

The range chart limits the distance that perceptions
may be sent. Extending perceptions into Restricted Areas
or areas outside the Digital Web away from computers
causes Paradox. Sensory overload can be a major danger
when a mage lets her awareness go flying too fast into the
unknown.

The third dot in Correspondence grants the ability to
Shift through Space and have Co-locality Perception. A
mage can transmit herself coincidentally at near-light
speed to other locations in the Net, limited only by the

Digital Web Correspondence
Range Chart

Successes

One Success —

Range

Immediate Perception
Very Familiar (entry
point, personal virtual
realm)

Two Successes —

Three Successes — Familiar (entry to Spy's
Demise)

Aware of the location's
existence (an online ad-
dress orsection of the Net

seen once)

Four Successes —

Speculative (an area with
aunique trait that you've
heard about, or a

Junkland)

Five Successes —

range chart and Restricted Areas. Co-locality Perception
is also possible as a coincidental effect when used on free
areas within the Web. However, every turn Co-locality
Perception is used, a mage must make a Stamina roll
against difficulty 8 or take a Health Level from the over-
whelming sensory input of the Net. Vulgar effects at this
level are caused by using extended perception on areas
outside the Web or violating Restricted Areas.

Adepts of Correspondence with the fourth dot in the
Sphere, Blend Localities/Co-Locate Self, may perform
both effects within the boundaries of Digital Web. The
only limitation on coincidental use is that the areas af-
fected must be accessible to the mage. In the static reality
of the Net, these effects are considered to be multi-tasking
routines. Also, it is possible for mages with this rank in
Correspondence to create conduits. Use the range chart to
determine the number of successes needed to reach the
target sector.

The ultimate level of Correspondence gives the mage
the ability to alter spatial relations within one area of the
Digital Web, such as a single sector. This altering of space
may also be used to "shuffle" conduits, moving a sector's
location. Co-locating two or more sectors is vulgar magick
within the Net. Whenever this happens, both areas usually
de-rez.

Entropy O

Even the Digital Web isn't safe from Entropy; VR is
actually more vulnerable to it than realspace. Programs
break down, parameters lose strength, barriers crack and
Webslingers slowly overdose on their senses. When most
structures in the Net decay, they break down into crystal-
line reflective fractals. Examining these shapes, a mage sees
that each one contains a near infinite amount of smaller
fractals to the limit of perception. Entropy may be used to
play with randomizers in programs, with results ranging
from winning interactive games with Sleepers to changing
the directives of enemy programs.

Perceive Entropy allows a Disciple of Entropy to
detect weaknesses in the fabric of the Net and its residents.
She may determine the amount of decay that has occurred
in an area of the Web. Also, Entropy allows mages to
perceive Paradoxical effects online through the disruptions
in electronic reality that result from Paradox. Again, at-
tempts to sense Entropy outside the Web or within an
inaccessible part of the Net are definitely vulgar.

Control Randomness (Entropy 2) is an extremely
potent magick inside the Digital Web. Most computer
programs contain variables within them. A mage with
Control Randomness may be able to manipulate these
variables to control the programs. Some mages use this to
open Restricted Sectors by randomly causing them to
recognize the mage's password. Because of the number of
bugs found or built into computer software and hardware,

Chapter One 39


this effect is also usually coincidental. Control Random-
ness also functions the same way that it does in realspace.

Diffuse Energy/Destroy Matter functions to disinte-
grate electronic objects found in Virtual Realms. Icons may
also be adjusted at the whim of a mage with this ability. It
is possible to open a Restricted Area with this magick, but
it takes a great deal of work. When objects fall apart, they
become small shards of fractal trash. Use the rules in Mage
to determine the extent of the effects, just as if the charac-
ters were in realspace.

The fourth dot of Entropy works differently in the
Digital Web than it does in realspace. The Wither Life
Effect only works if a mage knows where his target's life
pattern is located. Mental Cybernauts don't take their life
patterns with them when they leave their bodies. However,
what an Adept of Entropy can do in the Net may be more
frightening than simple death. He may create holes, vorti-
ces or black throwing discs (a special effect taking vulgar
form in the Net). Anything struck by one of these entropic
disks takes damage as if the Adept were using the Wither
Life effect. Beings or objects destroyed in this manner are
lost. Some believe they are dumped into the mythical
Trash Sector; others say that they are cast into the Deep
Umbra. In any event, mental-travelling Cybernauts don't
get achance to return to their bodies if killed by this attack.

The final level of Entropy allows a Master of the
Sphere to alter or create parameters ofa Virtual Realm. The
mage can rework not only the content (the landscape), but
the context (the laws that govern and shape the land-
scape). In a post-holocaust Realm, the mage might change
the parameters so that life adapts and recovers. Some old
mages claim to have the ability to reformat areas with this
level of Entropy. Data clusters may also be changed.
Strangely, the Paradoxical side effects of Intellectual En-
tropy don't work the way they do for other magickal effects;
whiteouts deposit Masters of Entropy into their own Para-
dox realms, somewhere near the Digital Web.

Forces!

The Sphere of Forces plays a greater role in the Digital
Web than it does in the physical world. The Sphere of
Forces in the Net performs some of the functions of the
Matter and Life Spheres in realspace. Instead of Matter
making up the structures of the Net, everything appears
based around electrical representations, possibly because
most Sleeper envision virtual reality as an electronic world.
Mages with control over Forces can do excruciating dam-
age to icons; most Technomancers build up their Forces
Sphere after spending a little time in the Digital Web.

A Disciple of Forces may easily discern the energy
patterns of the Web with Perceive Forces. The entire
environment of the Web seems to be composed of Forces,
trapped in various fractal patterns to make the virtual
objects of the Net. The energy patterns within the Digital
Web are strangely powerful and resemble electricity. One

40 Digital Web

of the most common uses of this level of Forces is to detect
surges in the surrounding energy fields when an icon enters
a sector.

Control Lesser Forces, Level 2 of the Sphere, allows
the mage to shape objects in the Net ina manner similar to
the effects of Matter 2 (Mage: The Ascension, Chapter 7,
pg. 201-202). He can create patterns for the electricity to
empower. No Prime is needed to stabilize these patterns
within a single sector: the Digital Web provides enough.
Items are stable in environments where they are contextu-
ally appropriate— where the world laws support them. A
baseball bat, chain, or martial arts outfit, for instance, could
be created near the Crater.

The effects of System Havoc within the Net are mind-
blowing. The number of successes is used to determine the
area of effect, and all icons within that area must roll their
Willpower (difficulty 8) to avoid taking damage equal to
the caster's successes. Basically, all affected characters feel
themselves ripple ina localized power surge. System Havoc
is always a vulgar effect when used inside the Web. If used
on a computer hooked up to the Net, then the effects are
coincidental. A variant on Discharge Static may be used
inside the Net to cause an object next to an opponent to
explode in a mysterious blast of energy.

The third level of Forces, Spawn Lesser Forces, lets
the mage generate energy and create objects that conflict
contextually with a Virtual Realm. Prime 2 is not needed
in the special environment of the Net. Attaining this level
of Sphere understanding allows a mage to increase his
control of local forces; the effects of Level 2 can be gener-
ated with more damage and the mage can fire beams of
energy coincidentally in the Net. Otherwise, the other
details of Forces 3 remain the same as in realspace.

The telekinetic abilities of Forces 4 carry over to the
Digital Web; within the Net they are considered coinci-
dental. Major forces have little or no meaning in VR, but
Forces 4 does augment the effects that the Adept had
learned at earlier levels.

Masters of Forces have the ability to destroy entire
sectors of the Digital Web, generating effects similar to
those of tactical nukes in realspace, though this has a nasty
tendency to wipe out both target and mage. Five successes
against a difficulty of 8 (+ the number of parameters on the
sector, if any) will reduce a sector to junk. Such a use of
Forces 5 can cause a whiteout that could spread to Earth's
information systems, causing a masive systems crash.

Master of Forces can cause large-scale System Havoc
in realspace, destroying massive networks of computers
coincidentally from within the Net. A roll of Intelligence
+ Computers is needed (the difficulty depends on the
mage's familiarity with the network and whether or not any
of it is protected) for the mage to properly direct the
magicks. Failure indicates that the mage channels the power
improperly, causing it to dissipate harmlessly. A botch means
that the mage directs his power at the wrong network (possibly

his own icon...). A single success on the magick roll can take
out a small system, while five could scramble a telecommuni-
cations company.

The effects of major disruptions to the computer systems
on earth on the Digital Web still need testing. One camp
believes that an electromagnetic pulse would scramble most of
the Net; others argue that the magickal reality would go
completely unscathed. Neither side is in a hurry to do a test.

Life O

Life magicks are of limited use within the Digital Web.
Nothing even remotely organic exists naturally in the
artificial Net. Mental visitors leave their Life Patterns
behind with their bodies in realspace. Only Holistic visi-
tors bring Life Patterns into VR, but these travellers are
rare.

Life magick works best by attacking the meat a
Cybernaut leaves behind— heart attacks, hormonal imbal-
ances, seizures and worse can all be caused coincidentally
to those hooked up to the Digital Web. An individual's Life
Pattern can also be tampered with, making it harder for her
to return to her body if she suffers death in the Web.

Adepts of Life prefer to enter the Net through Holistic
means, so that they can still use their magicks to heal and
transform themselves. Those mages who have powerful
Life magick and visit Astrally use their Life to sustain their
bodies before entry. This way, if they are wounded, they are
more likely to come out of a coma or heal damage suffered
in the Digital Web.

For Holistic Cybernauts, Life magick functions exactly
as it does on Earth. The only difference is that Holistic
visitors, who have brought their entire bodies into the Net,
are affected.

Level 1, Sense Life, has a few uses in the Web. First, it
may be used in conjunction with a security camera or
monitor hooked up to the Digital Web for effects like
Genetics Scan. Second, any mage with the ability to Sense
Life has a stronger tie to his Life Pattern. A mage gets to
subtract his levels in Life magick from the difficulty of the
Stamina roll made upon return from the Net. Also, Sense
Life allows a mage to feel access points to Earth, due to the
presence of life-forms on the other side. Almost any use of
this level of the Life Sphere is coincidental.

The higher levels of Life magick are hindered by the
lack of life in the Web. There is simply nothing upon which
the magicks may focus. A few rumors suggest that Life
magicks can create virii online and that Life Patterns are
necessary to generate Artificial Intelligences. This is all
disputed by Masters of Mind and Spirit. The advantages to
Life magicks in VR all seem to revolve around physical
entry, preparing the body for a mental jaunt and, most
importantly, recovery.

CRB,

ChapterOne 41


Matter O

Computers provide access points for the Net. A student
ofMattercan manipulate technology connected to the Digital
Web on Earth. Also, her Sphere allows her, with the proper
scientific knowledge to transform items into devices that can
help her during a trek into cyberspace. The Level 5 Matter
effect Tapping the Signal providesan example of the possibili-
ties for using Matter.

Any effect that damages hardware or electronics at an
access point to the Digital Web is treated as coincidental
magick. Masters of Matter may turn a building's security
systems into nightmarish death traps. The largest obstacle to
using Matter in realspace around access points of the Web
remains the mage's perceptions. In no case has Matter ever
affected the structure of a sector in the Net. Rules for using the
Sphere of Matter don't change from Mage: The Ascension,
because there isno matter in the electronic world of the Digital
Web. The only exception is when Cybernauts Holistically
transfer equipment with them into the virtual environment.

Mind 4

Within the landscape of the Digital Web, the Dis-
ciples of Mind have found that their abilities only broaden
in scope and flow more easily. The Net isa place filled with
intelligences. Information hides everywhere— programs,
Al and Cybernauts all are affected by the power of Mind
magick. The difficulty of all Mind magicks is reduced by 1
for any target that experiences virtual reality.

Cybernauts are vulnerable because of the intensity of
the mental experience of the Web, unfiltered by the sen-
sory organs of the body. Mind may affect sensory visitors or
even Sleepers using the Net. Visitors using Sensory Immer-
sion may not use Mind coincidentally to counterattack.

Alll of the effects of the Level 1 Mind effect Empower
Self are coincidental. They may be explained by software,
hardware, or just the unfettered mental nature of the
Digital Web. Some Akashic Brothers use the Net to aid in
their mind-over-body techniques, like a gigantic biofeed-
back machine.

The second dot in Mind, Mental Impulse, lets a mage
send subliminal messages to other users, including Sleep-
ers, thereby playing games with their subconscious. With
Sleepers, the coincidental effect takes the form of flashing
subliminals on their monitor screens. Emotions are easier
to read in the Digital Web as well; they usually show in
some way in the icons. All of these uses are also coinciden-
tal. New World Order Technomancersare the unchallenged
masters of using this level of Mind on individuals inside the
Net or merely connected to it.

Mind 3 is one of the favorite magicks of mages in the
Net. Mages may unleash psychic assaults without violating
static reality, doing one Health Level per success. Private
conversations are possible between users with a variant on
the Telepathy effect called Instant Message, or IM for
short. Some mages combine Multi-Tasking with IM use to

42 Digital Web

carry on multiple private conversations. When this hap-
pens, the mage's icon takes on a spaced-out look. Probing
Thoughts and Graphic Transmissions all work coinci-
dentally within the Net as well, but using Mind 3 against a
Sleeper is a form of dynamic magick unless she is connected
toa VR device of a magickal or non-magickal nature.

Mind 4 allows a mage to Control Minds. Within the
Net, even this powerful magick is not dynamic. Most
programs are easily manipulated with this level of mastery.
For this reason, the Technocracy and others prefer to
protect their Virtual Realms with spirits brought from the
Umbra. Information may be stolen, erased or altered with
Mind 4. Data beasts (see the Chapter Five) are extremely
vulnerable to this magick. Adepts may also establish Re-
stricted Areas by using Mind 4 in conjunction with Prime
magick (see Rotes in the Chapter Five). Level 4 in Mind
also lets a mage heal Cybernauts travelling by Sensory or
Astral means as though he possessed Life of an equal level
in realspace. Sleepers may be controlled coincidentally,
becoming mesmerized by their monitor screens. Possession
of Sleepers who are also not using a VR device, however, is
vulgar use.

Mind 5 gives a mage the ability to slip beyond the Web
and outside the bounds of its reality. Few mages know what
lies beyond the conduits and sectors. Some say Paradox
Realms cling to the Digital Web like morning dew; others
claim to know of Epiphs, Umbral places of pure thought. A
few say that there are sinister places where wraiths dwell,
not beyond the Gauntlet, but below...

Prime 3

Quintessence pulsates within every section of the
Digital Web. Prime sustains the Net, and its energies course
through reality. A Master of Prime may change the param-
eter of asector and command the reality of the Net. Mages
who study Prime have developed a fascination with the
Digital Web. The energy there is raw and unchanneled,
seemingly forming its own patterns based on the guidelines
of reality set when a sector becomes formatted. Several
theories on the underlying truth of reality have been
postulated from observations in the Net.

Prime 1 lets a mage sense the Quintessence flow of the
Web. Witha Perception + Awareness roll, the Disciple can
feel out the parameters of a sector, determine its contextual
underpinnings, and even ascertain its age and the identity
of the mage who formatted it if she rolls enough successes.
Students of Prime may also sense whiteouts as massive
disruptions in the Prime flow. The Virtual Adepts jokingly
refer to these as "disturbances in the Force". No known
effects of Prime 1 conflict with the static reality of the Net.

Prime 2 gives the mage the ability to fuel patterns of
Forces within the Digital Web. This can make virtual
objects gain a permanency that allows them to be taken
from one sector to another. Also, a mage can fuel Matter
and Life Patterns created within the Digital Web. Items


with a Matter Pattern are highly unusual, and most
Cybernauts are unprepared for them in the Net. Some
believe that virii are the results of conjunctional experi-
ments with Life 2 and Prime 2.

Asageneral guideline, Prime 2 makes all other magicks
work more effectively. Prime 2 may be used with Mind 4 to
designate a sector as Restricted. This sets up a Restriction
with a Prime strength equal to the amount of Quintessence
invested into it during its creation. The mage designates
who may pass the Restriction. Mages are only limited by
their imagination as to the designation and the form of the
Restriction, although most Technomancers simply block
the ends of their conduits with metal doors that require a
password. All Prime 2 effects are static.

Prime 3 lets a mage Channel Quintessence through
the Digital Web. When a mage draws Quintessence from a
Node on Earth into a Virtual Realm of the Net, she creates
a special conduit called a Channel. Whenever the flow of
the Channel is not being tapped, the Quintessence pours
out of the sector and into other sections of the Net. Mages

use Prime 3 to build Talismans online and to create
Chantries.

A few great minds have established Chantries after
shaping the Channel's connection to become one of the
parameters of the Realm. These Channels may function as
small Nodes for a Chantry formatted from Virgin Web.
Magick using Prime 3 is also static in the Net. Chapter Four
of The Book of Chantries has more information about the
construction of Chantries.

Adepts of Prime use Prime 4 to tear Quintessence out
of an area. With this magick, they may remove parameters,
destroy restrictions and eliminate objects. When they do
this, the parameters cease to exist, but the patterns of
virtual objects remain in existence, unlike in realspace.

If a chair in the Spy's Demise has its Quintessence
siphoned out, it ceases to have form in the electronic
landscape but its Pattern remains, taking form as fractal
motes. Channeling Quintessence back into these motes
restores the object. Prime 4 has nasty side effects in the
Digital Web: an Adept who uses Prime 4 or 5 in the Net
gains twice the normal amount of Paradox for vulgar
magick. Moving around Quintessence in great quantities
risks a major systems crash. Removing parameters, Restric-
tions, or taking Quintessence from Holistic Cybernauts are
vulgar effects; siphoning Quintessence from digital objects
and leaving fractal remains is not.

The limits of Prime 5 are still being tested with trepi-
dation in the Digital Web. Like Prime 4, vulgar use generates
twice the normal Paradox. Prime 5 is reputed to have the
unusual ability to fix whiteouts in the Net. Many also
believe that by altering the flow of Quintessence within the
Digital Web, a Master of Prime may cause Paradox. Prime 5
may definitely move set Channels and tear apart large sectors
of the Net. This level of magick depends on each individual
Storyteller and his Mage chronicle.

Chapter One 43

Spirit

The spiritual aspects of the Digital Web remain enig-
matic. Most spiritualists are not surprised. Some mages have
difficulty understanding the differences between the Com-
puter Web in the Umbra and the Digital Web. The
Dreamspeakers say that the Digital Web holds the spirituality
of the Technocracy and the Virtual Adepts. Many Tradition
members consider this a not-so-veiled insult, but the Virtual
Adepts don't think so. Like the physical world, the Net
touches the Umbra and has many conduits that lead deep into
the spirit world. It is located in the Pattern Web and includes
areas of the Gauntlet and, some believe, the Horizon.

A fewsay the Voyager space probe is the farthest available
sector possibly even in the Deep Umbra. The Technocracy
uses the Digital Web to reach their Horizon Realms and to
avoid the mythic strangeness of the Umbra.

Spirits do infest the Digital Web and include a few
computer viruses, data beasts, electrical elementalsand strange
spiders, such as rune-fetters. Electronic spirits roam all of the
areas not patrolled by the Technocracy. The werewolf tribe
called the Glass Walkers revere a powerful totem called the
Cockroach, which has amazing powers within the Digital
Web. Some say thata group of werewolves called the Random
Interrupts aid the Dreamspeakers in the Net.

Spirit Sight allows the mage to see into both the physical
world and the Umbra from within the Web. Within the Net,
five successes are needed to pierce the Gauntlet surrounding
the Disciple. If the mage is located at a Conduit close to the
Umbra only three successes are needed. To find an Umbral
conduit without magick requires a Perception + Cosmology
roll (difficulty 8). A chart is located later in this chapter. Once
a mage focuses on the Umbra, she fades from the Net,
becoming intangible like a Sensory visitor. However, she has
no awareness of events going on around her in the Digital
Web.

Spirit 2 allows a mage to leave the Digital Web through
a conduit touching the Umbra. It also gives the mage the
ability to communicate and call spirits within the Net. Both
of these effects are part of the static reality of the Digital Web.

Spirit 3 gives the Disciple of Spirit the ability to Step
Sideways, allowing him to leave the Net with a roll of five
successes. It also lets a mage Holistically travel into the Digital
Web from the Umbra. Jumping directly from any section of
the Web to the Umbra or from the Umbra to the Web with
this ability isa form of dynamic magick. Paradox isdetermined
by the reality the mage departs; the results transpire in an
appropriate form at the mage's destination. Whiteouts don't
follow Dreamspeakers to the distant realms of the Umbra.

Spirit 4 enables mages to create Talismans and to breach
the Gauntlet. This level of Spirit functions exactly as it is
written in Mage: The Ascension. Since the Net lies within

44 Digital Web

the Gauntlet, the level 4 power, Gauntlet Prison allows an
individual to be imprisoned within the fabric of the Web itself.
This is a particularly terrifying experience; the imprisoned
perceives the events in the sector and may even be able to
communicate, but cannot escape the cell. This magick is
usually vulgar in nature.

Spirit 5, like Mind 5, is somewhat beyond the scope of the
Digital Web. Using Spirit 5 to travel beyond the Web is a
vulgar usage. No one is quite sure what strange worlds exist
beyond the Net, although some say that the Barrier lies not
only between the Earth, the Umbra, and the Deep Umbra, but
between the Web and other places that don't fit nicely into
any of those categories.

Time 4

The Time Sphere moves precisely within the Digital
Web. Time flow is regular and constant, but a Virtual Adept
or other user can manipulate time by speeding up or slowing
down processors within the Net. A mage disrupting time in
the Net risks de-rezzing himself.

Time Sense (Time 1) works ina completely coincidental
manner in the Digital Web. All mages may justify Absolute
Time Sense as a computer function. Disciples of Time have
noticed that the amount of time-based phenomena in the
Web is growing, and a few suspect that travellers from the
future may be trying to guide the past by manipulating the Net.

Past/Future Sight functions in the Web as well, but what
a mage sees are possible timelines and the probabilities of
occurrences. The past can always be replayed in the static
reality of the Net. Some mages use this magick conjunction-
ally with Correspondence and Mind to warn them before the
Technocracy finds them hacking into a Restricted area.

Time Contraction/Dilation gives the mage control over
the localized time flow. This effect is also static in the Net,
easily blamed on slow processors. Some Disciples of Time use
this level of magick to speed up their actions online, letting
them do more in shorter periods. Many Virtual Realms have
special time-flow parameters that may be different from the
rest of the Net.

Time Determinism also works within the Digital Web.
Effects suchas hanging spells or delayed functions are possible.
Unfortunately, some beings such as viruses are able to use this
sort of magick to hang their own effects. Because many
programs have timers and precise time control is possible in
computers, effects like Programmed Event function as coin-
cidental magick.

Time 5 functionsas it does in realspace. Time Travel and
Sidestepping Time are usually vulgar effects in the Digital
Web, anda few Masters of Time are said to have been trapped
in mysterious Paradoxical Time Realms.


Creating Virtual Realms

How much choice did God have in constructing
d the universe?
— Albert Einstein
Any mage may create a Virtual Realm in an
unformatted sector. This process doesn't re-
B quire magick, and it doesn't result in Paradox.
It is a natural process of the Net. There are
only three reasons that everyone in the Net
doesn't have a Virtual Realm. First, Sleepers
unknowingly format the majority of new sectors as grid
areas by incidentally using their computers. Second, the
Virtual Adepts and the Void Engineers are involved in a
Great Race to format all new sectors; one side or the other
formats everything. Finally, unformatted sectors are diffi-
cult to find. New conduits come into existence continually,
but they cannot be used to create a Virtual Realm.

Formatting the Web

What pleasure then did Micromegas feel in watching the
movements of those little machines, in examining all their
gestures, in following all their operations!... A student said
"That there are immaterial and intelligent substances I do not
doubt. I content myself with believing that more is possible than
people think."

— Voltaire, Micromegas, 1752

Mages can only create their own Virtual Realms when
they are lucky enough to stumble across an unformatted
sector. A group of mages may combine to format a realm as
well.

First, a mage must conceive of a context for the reality
of the Virtual Realm. This is just a description, roughly
equivalent toa paragraph of text. The nature of the context
is completely up to the mage. It could be Mount Olympus,
a scene from a movie or a vacant lot next to the Chantry.
The concept could be as a vague as the Old West or as
specific as an exact duplication of the house in which he
grew up. The process of creation only takes an instant; once
the process starts, like a flame it continues to grow until it
runs out of fuel. In game terms, the Storyteller takes the
initial concept and develops it from the player's initial
description.

Second, the character must spend a point of Will-
power to force the Web to adjust to her concept. Once the
Willpower is spent, the mage rolls her Arete against a
difficulty of 6. Quintessence may not be spent to lower the
difficulty, although a Willpower point may be expended for
a success. Success means that the Web is successfully
formatted. This process is irreversible. Once formatted, an
area of the Web will always retain an underlying reality

LROB/R =

ChapterOne 45


Little Nemo in Etherland

Alexis Hastings, a Son of Ether, arrives in a
section of Virgin Web. She wants to create a place
where she is part of the crew of Jules Verne's
famous semi-fictional submarine, the Nautilus.
(Many Sons of Ether believe that the character
Captain Nemo was based on a Verne's knowledge
of a renegade member of their Tradition.) She
wants time to flow quickly there and for the view
from the submarine's ports to be relaxing. She
decides that she personally never wants to worry
about drowning or water pressure in the realm and
also wants to stage the occasional giant squid
attack for excitement.

The Storyteller notes that Alexis wants to set
five parameters for her Realm; thus, she needs to
make five successes with her Arete roll. She has a
difficulty of 8. Alexis has enough points in Time,
Matter, Life, and Prime to have the time run twice
as fast on earth, and to breathe underwater and
ignore water pressure. The Storyteller decides that
the other two parameters— the relaxing vistas
and the giant squid attacks— are for atmosphere
only, and are not really worth trying to figure out.
Since the squid attacks are meant for excitement
only, they are part of the atmosphere. If Alexis
wanted to have giant squids attack her enemies,
she would actually have to build living creatures
with Life and Prime magick.

Alexis spends her Willpower point and four
points of Quintessence, one for each parameter.
She rolls and makes all five successes against
difficulty 8. Her Virtual Realm is set.

based on the initial concept. Failure results in the mage
formatting the Web, but not based on her concept. Instead,
the Storyteller chooses something from the character's
background or life that she used instead to format the Web.
Dramatic or emotional themes from the character's life are
excellent resources for this.

A botch results in the character projecting part of her
subconscious into the Web. The Storyteller transforms part
of the Web into something the character fears or hates,

46 Digital Web

perhaps into a reflection of the character's dark side. The
mage permanently loses a point of Willpower.

If the mage wants to have more control over her
creation, she may set laws governing the behavior of the
Virtual Realm called parameters. The mage must spend a
point of Quintessence for every parameter she wants to
create. Each set parameter requires the mage to make an
extra success on her Arete roll. Every two parameters also
raises the difficulty of the roll by 1. Fractions go against the
character.

Parameters that only affect the atmosphere of the
realm have no limits. Parameters that require game me-
chanics are limited by the magickal abilities of the mage on
Earth, except that pattern magicks do not require Prime;
enough Quintessence is present in the Digital Web to
power these patterns. These parameters define part of the
realm, but they are not a necessary part of the process.
Time-flow changes and restrictions to entry are typical
parameters. When setting parameters, all of the successes
must be achieved or the formatting results in a failure.

A Realm may not affect another Realm. The squids
won't escape dramatically from Alexis's Realm into a
nearby conduit and swim through the electronic currents
to sectors throughout the Net. Parameters do not affect
areas of the Net beyond their sector.

This process does not limit the Storyteller. Anything
may happen within a Realm as long as it relates to the
initial concept. In the example above, a dramatic squid
attack might have occurred without Alexis' parameter if
the Storyteller felt it was part of the initial concept (or if,
perhaps, some other mage had been screwing around with
her Realm when Alexis wasn't looking).

Characters cannot Awaken a new sector by building a
new computer— the Storyteller is solely and completely
responsible for the availability of unformatted Web. Creat-
ing a Virtual Realm in Virgin Web is easy, but it's meant to
be an extremely rare and awe-inspiring event. Making a
world, even a small one, should help characters undergo a
transformation, moving them further along their personal
path to Ascension. Virtual Adepts and Void Engineers
constantly scramble throughout the Net in the Great Race,
hoping to create their own Virtual Realms. Many
Cybernauts view formatters of Virtual Realms, especially
those who set parameters on those Realms, with fear and
envy. Most unique Virtual Realms remain intact as memo-
tials to their creators long after those creators pass away.

Storytellers may wish to interweave their
Mage chronicles with tales from Werewolf:
\\} The Apocalypse, or Vampire: The Mas-
querade. Successful combinations provide a
multi-faceted lens with which a troupe may
tackle a multitude of issues, and can provide
agreat deal of fun for players and Storytellers
alike. The Storyteller of a crossover story has
a wealth of material from both games to draw

upon ifshe so desires. This section gives suggestions on how
torun Garou or Kindred in the Digital Web and how to use
Werewolf or Vampire source material for Mage.

Location of the Net in
the Ombra

Metaphysically speaking, the Digital Web lies within
the Pattern of reality. Like a universe-sized spider's lair,
strands of this Pattern reach everywhere within all things.
The Digital Web itself is co-located in the same area as the
Gauntlet. It lies on the border between the Umbra and the
Earth. Some sections of it extend out to the Horizon in
between the Umbra and the Deep Umbra. Other parts
touch the Dream Realms. No one knows how far it goes.

Connections with the Ombra

The Pattern Web touches everything within the
Tellurian, even the mythic Horizon Realms of the Maraud-
ers. The Net, growing within these fibers, stretches out to
caressall the Realms. As the electronic landscape expands,
portals and gateways appear, allowing access to a multitude
of spiritual Realms throughout the Umbra.

Within the spirit world, there lies a place where the
Net becomes intertwined with another section of reality,
the CyberRealm, most often visited by the Garou. The
Computer Web spans the mysterious space between the
CyberRealm and the Digital Web and reflects the spiritual
components of the computer revolution, just as the Pen-
umbra reflects the spiritual nature of the Earth. Nephandi,
Marauders and Paradox spirits infest this area.

A strange tribe of werewolves called Glass Walkers
travel through their own version of VR here, usinga unique
form of Holistic Immersion to carry their bodies into the
Web.

Fine strands of sticky crystal cover the conduits that
lead from the Digital Web into the Umbra. Strange mists
fill the passages. Only a mage with Spirit 3 and using the
Stepping Sideways Effect may penetrate these barriers,
with two or more successes on her roll. Direct access to the
Digital Web from the Umbra is of equal difficulty. Ifa mage
has Spirit 2, she may call on spirits to open the barriers for
her, but this is dangerous and unlikely.

Crossovers

To find one of these conduits from either the Umbra
or the Digital Web, a mage rolls Intelligence + Cosmology
(difficulty 8). Consult the chart below for the number of
successes needed. An astrally projecting mage who enters
the Umbra from the Digital Web must first return to the
Net before she can rejoin her body. A mage who enters the

Net from the Umbra can simply return there.

Ombral Conduit Search
Chart

Number of Current
successes Web

needed Location
1 A Strongly Spirit-Infested Area
2 Junklands
3 Free Areas
4 Restricted Non-Technocracy

Areas
Restricted Technocracy Areas

wn

Dreamspeakers have learned to reach the Umbra di-

rectly from within the Net. Five successes are needed on an
attempt to step sideways (using Spirit 3) to escape into the
Umbra. Any whiteout resulting from the use of this type of
magick automatically causes the offending mage to be
thrown into a Paradox Realm somewhere parallel to the
Digital Web.

The Net opens up into the Horizon Realms of the
Technocracy and the nightmarish world of Autochthonia.
Swirling misty conduits fade into the Dream Realms. Even
Paradox Realms have conduits trailing into their strange
depths. Spiritual mages know of the Digital Web's open-
ings into the Scar, anda fearful few suspect that somewhere,

an opening exists to the Abyss. (For details of the Abyss,
the CyberRealm, or the Scar, see Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow for Werewolf: The Apocalypse.)

Here Come the Glass Walkers

(Werewolves meet Mages)

...and the world keeps spinning round

avicious cycle turning

some of them know love

some of us know the burning down

— Kings X, "The Burning Down"

The werewolves explain most actions in the world as
resulting from the interplay of three indescribably powerful

spirits called the Triat. This Triat consists of the Weaver,
the Wyrm and the Wyld.

ChapterOne 47


Werewolf Supplements for
Mage

Mage: The Ascension gives rules for translat-
ing spirits from Werewolf, and some examples of
converted spirits are found in the Chapter Five.
The Nephandi, Technocracy and Marauders can
be integrated with the forces of any particular
Triat member.

Fetishes found in Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse may also be translated for Mage. The Gnosis
of a fetish equals the Arete of a Talisman. Level
remains the same. The Quintessence score of a
fetish is found by multiplying the level by the
Gnosis score. Werewolves do not need Quintes-
sence to activate fetishes because of their inherent
magickal nature, and Garou do not generate Para-
dox. Werewolves may not use Talismans of a
non-spiritual nature.

The Weaver wove the structure of reality. Everything
static about the world derives from this spirit. The Tech-
nocracy and Paradox itself are manifestations of the Weaver.
The werewolves recognize technology as a threat; unfortu-
nately, few of them understand the difference between the
Virtual Adepts and Sons of Ether and the Technocracy.
Only one tribe of Garou, the Glass Walkers, deals with the
Weaver.

The Wyrm is the incarnation of decay and destruction.
This entity causes all suffering and corruption in the world.
The depleted ozone layer, crime, oil spills, and domestic
violence all relate back to this spirit. The undead, such as
vampires, and the Nephandi serve the Wyrm according to
most Garou. There are mysterious werewolves that serve
this incarnation of the Demon Hordes.

According to the Dreamspeakers, most werewolves
claim that they are part of the Wyld, the spirit of chaos and
creation. This force also represents nature, although the
Garou worship a Mother Goddess called Gaia as well. In
this world view, the insanity of the Marauders stems from
the Wyld.

Spirituality runs through the hearts of the werewolves,
and the metaphysics of their paradigm are complex and
magickal. They possess abilities that defy Paradox and
enjoy a relationship with the spirit world envied by Adepts
of Spirit. Because of their world view and their different
senses (such as heightened smell), they perceive elements
of the Umbra in their own special way.

The Weaver controls the Digital Web, according to
most Garou. Even though the virtual worlds in the Net
simulate reality, the werewolves somehow always know
they are false and feel uncomfortable in the surroundings.
Sometimes the raw sensory input from electronic reality

48 Digital Web

drives them into insane berserk rages. Only the Glass
Walkers relate well to the Digital Web, and even they are
bothered by the surroundings in Technocracy areas.

Because werewolves project holistically into the Net,
they have the same physical capabilities that they do on
Earth. This makes them very dangerous. Werewolves also
use their own Talismans— called fetishes— and bring
spirits bound to them into the Digital Web. The Glass
Walker Totem Spirit called the Cockroach has many
powers over sections of the Net, including the ability to
help the Garou find secret conduits unknown to most
Virtual Adepts. Some mage spiritualists may call upon the
Cockroach as well.

"Pull the Plug! Pull the Plug!" The
Malkavian Madness Network
Oplink (Vampires Meet Mages)

Dream the same thing every night

I see our freedom in my sight

No locked doors, no windows barred

No things to make my brain seem scarred.

Sleep my friend and you will see

That dream is my reality

— Metallica, "Welcome Home (Sanitarium)"

The Digital Web is occasionally overrun with icons of
pale, gray-skinned men and women, some in campy bat
cloaks. They play strange pranks and make indecipherable
comments to the other Net Runners. They are clearly not
mages, and some Virtual Adepts have identified them as
vampires. These pranksters deny that they are vampires,
but also make it clear that they gleefully lie a lot.

Most seem harmless at first glance, but their pranks have
ruined some sectors. The visitors appear on the Net only rarely,
but when they do, they cause a lot of trouble. The areas of Virgin
Web that they have patterned induce a low level of psychosis (a
temporary Derangement that lasts twenty-four hours for each
hour spent in the Mad Realm.).

Virual Adept research into the issue has revealed that
creatures claim that they reach the Web through a form of
mental communication called the Malkavian Madness Net-
work. They say they don't need a computer to be on the Web.
The Adepts suspect that their arrival is the work of a vampire
prankster who has managed toacquire one of their VR computer
uplinks, but they have not completely ruled out the far-fetched
possibility that the deranged vampires have found a way to
access the Digital Web without any computer equipment,
perhapsutilizingsome varianton the Ahl-i-Batin Mind magicks.

Whatever their form of access, these odd visitors are to be
avoided. Though they cannot suck blood from Net Runners in
the conventional sense, the Malkavian madness is especially
contagious in the fluid reality of the Digital Web.

Vampire Supplements for Mage

The Vampire Players Guide is an ideal source of informa-
tion for Mage. In addition to rules for mortals, the book contains
extensive lists of gear for the human set. Storytellers are also
directed toward Clanbook: Malkavian for information on
these odd undead visitors and their Madness Network (and for
a fun read in general).

Werewolf Crossover Ideas

1, ToGrandmother's House We Go?: The characters find
themselves in the CyberRealm (either accidentally or on pur-
pose) and find that the formatting is quite different than
anything they've seen. Spider spirits scuttle up and down
massive, light-filament webbing, tending to the bizarre Pattern
created here. The spiders will attack anything that does not
follow the proper paths or trails, interpreting anything foreign
as a virus— even characters. They will gather in numbers and
attempt to ensnare the foreign object or objects in a mass of
circuit-like webbing, which they spin from themselves.

Garou Glass Walkers can sometimes be found "hacking"
about in this Weaver realm, and they may be persuaded to aid
characters against the spiders, which they seem to have some
control over, calling them "Net-spiders." However, they will
almost always ask for a favor or information in return. ("Hey,
buddy, I ain't shareware!")

Much secret information can potentially be gained here,
including info on Pentex, Inc., a foul Wyrm-tainted corpora-
tion, and perhaps even some info on Nephandi mages.

2. Monkeywrenching: The characters get involved (not
necessarily voluntarily) ina Glass Walker's scheme to hack into
the Syndicate's computers. This Garou, who calls himself a
Monkeywrencher, seems convinced that there isa link between
the shadowy, financial arm of the Technocracy and Pentex, Inc.
He wants the mages' help to get in toa Technocracy computer
and to block off any defenses the Syndicate may have.

There is indeed a connection between these groups, but it
is so buried in innuendo spread throughout multiple files that it
ishighly doubtful the Monkeywrenchercan retrieve itall before
security clamps down. The first security step comes in the form
of the juice being cut off — the power goes out, cutting any
connection (even on the Umbra or in the Web). If the mages
or the Monkeywrencher botch any rolls, the Syndicate may be
able to track their identities down; their credit ratings will drop
to negative proportions, strange debts will accumulate and
eventually the characters will be wanted for credit fraud any-

where over the world. In addition, MIBs or HIT Marks will be
sent after them. The Syndicate, if nothing else, has the money
and influence to bribe the other Conventions for aid.

3. Spirit Hunt: A Glass Walker pack has come to the Web
seeking spirits to bind into fetishes or to learn Gifts from. They
mistake a mage's familiar for a spirit and use their incredible
powers of spirit control to bind it and run. It's off on a merry
chase through the Web. The Glass Walkers will try to step
sideways back into the Realm, and escape through the streets of
their home city. Finding them at this point may be very tough.
Itis possible that the characters may be blackmailed by the Glass
Walkers for the return of the familiar.

Vampire Crossover Ideas

1. Virus!: There's this odd fellow on the Net who keeps
showing up in restricted areas or supposedly protected places.
He's pure trouble, because things seem to go haywire when he's
around. The Web itself begins to reformat to follow strange and
seemingly illogical laws. It must be "rebooted" to work correctly
again. If the characters can confront this fellow, they may soon
realize that he isa Malkavian vampire out for tricks—he'sa sort
of walking virus. He's not on his own, however, since he's not
oldenough toenter the Web on his own. He hasa mentor, a very
old Malkavian who helps him download himself into the Web
and wreak havoc. Anyone harming him may suffer the wrath of
his mentor.

2. Initializing Disk Now: A gang of Malkavians want to
reformatting a place on the Web — yours. The characters must
tackle this enterprising young league (there are about four of
them) and prevent their reality from switching formats. If the
Malkavians are successful, the characters will not have control
of their reality haven any longer.

3. Bleeding Information: Information is disappearing.
Hackersall over are reporting falling asleep at their consoles and
waking up to discover that whole files have been deleted — they
are gone, unretreivable. If the characters investigate, the trails
will lead them to a desperate Malkavian vampire trapped in the
Web. Somehow, he has reformatted himself (!) so he can suck
information rather than blood. But it's not enough to sustain
him, and he's slowly starving. He does not gain knowledge of
anything on the files he devours (by sucking at computer port
connections), and the information is lost for good. If he can be
helped out of the Web, his reign of information destruction will
end, but he will drink the blood of mortals again. A virtual
wooden stake will stop him (if it can hit him)...

ChapterOne 49



Chapter Two

The Spy's

And ain't we a strange combination of dealers, hillbillies,

hookers and nuns,

All of us seeking a shelter and dead on the run
Bob Gibson, "Dead on the Run"

The Spy's Demise is an enigmatically named
haven for all mages. It exists ina sector of the
Net that has direct conduits to Tradition and
Convention areas. All mages respect the
peace here and cease hostilities while in the
sector. Some mages have utterly self-serving
motives for keeping the local truce, but they
keep it all the same. Some mages speculate

that the world law of non-aggression is so
powerful here that it even influences the motivations of
Technomancers. Others say that mages of the Conven-
tions have so much to gain by lulling all other mages into

a false sense of security that they are on their best behavior.

For now.
This virtual bar attracts an odd as

ortment of mages
Many of the older mages of more power and prestige shun
the Web in general, and the Spy's Demise in particular.
They believe that the Net isa transparent waste of time and
that the Spy'
younger, less sophisticated, maverick pack of mages from

s Demise is a place for reality drop-outs. But a

all Traditions regularly visit the Spy's Demise. They experi-

ment with new ways of interacting that are not based on
yen if the Digital Web is nothing
more than a gossamer fantasy, so many visitors have so

old, static paradigms. B

transformed their understanding of human nature that
their time in the Spy's Demise has paid off in spades.
Some of the more traditional mages believe that the
Spy's Demise isa trap designed to catch the slackers of mage
society within its webs. If a mage cannot confront the real

world of pain and Paradox, for some reason, he has no

he hide on the

business being Awakened at all. Better the
Digital Web than waste time and jeopardize the efforts of
more "worthwhile" mages. Of course, if the Web is a real
place, then the Net Runner's time is just as well spent here
as anywhere

Many of the more Old World mages are reclusive,
venturing out to meet with one another when they need
esoteric information or assistance. Younger mages, how-
ever, have broken through this ivory-tower isolation and
routinely get together in iconic form with other like-
minded mages. Their choice meeting place: The Spy's
Demise.

Chapter Two 51


A Brief History Lesson

The other day upon the stair

I saw a man who wasn't there.

He wasn't there again today;

I think he's from the C.I.A.

— Mad Magazine

I walked into the Spy's Demise, that celebrated place
of safety and harmony. Or should I say "virtual" safety and
harmony; this perpetual demilitarized zone in the midst of
abitter reality war is "virtually" safe, and "virtually" harmo-
nious. To those who have never known true safety, perhaps.
Or true harmony. I came here because I wanted to know
exactly what it was that compelled mages to create a place
like this. We don't usually cooperate that much among
ourselves, and to invite the Technocracy is practically
heresy. I'll admit, I was hoping to find a "back-door" to the
great Reconciliation.

Looking around the room, | could see a variety of
images such as I had never seen before. Some icons were
easy to recognize as representing members of certain Tradi-
tions (Sons of Ether never seem to leave home without
their weird devices), but others were totally unrecogniz-
able. I sat ata small table in the back of the room, intent on
just watching the proceedings.

One of the staff had just brought me a glass of juice
when I heard a voice from the chair beside me. That's all it
was, just a voice; there was no body to go with it.

"Your first time here, isn't it? Poor kid. You look fried.
Ask, and ye shall receive. I'll tell you whatever you want to
know." I regarded the chair with no small suspicion, but I
decided to take it up on its offer. "All right, friend; tell me
all about this place. Where did it come from? And why?"

The voice laughed then, a strange disembodied chortle.
This was starting to seriously disturb me. "Well, well. You
want to know why we're here. It's like this: we're lonely,
when you get right to the heart of it. We're all reclusive
types, you know, but even mages need friends and good
conversation sometimes. . ."
cooee

When computer bulletin boards were created — when
we introduced bulletin board systems — computer geeks
everywhere logged on. Mages, Sleepers — it didn't matter.
After a while, these BBS's became nightclubs of a sort.
Didn't they serve the same social functions? (Aside from
getting drunk, anyway.) Some of them even developed
symbols so they could pretend they were serving each other
drinks online. Folks could make friends here without preju-
dice, because they couldn't judge each other on appearance.
Sleepers who enjoyed the virtual clubs poured their time,
and with it their Quintessence, into the bulletin boards.
Neat little side-effect, that! Eventually, people from all
over the world on lots of different BBS's were able to link
together. And so, my curious friend, was the Spy's Demise
born. .

52 Digital Web

"Who opened the place?"

"Nobody knows," the voice replied. It was smooth and
genderless. I puzzled it over as the voice continued;

Well, of course this excited us mages. The Technoc-
racy saw a chance to manipulate Sleepers into giving up
their natural Quintessence to help them define reality,
while the Adepts wanted to encourage Sleepers to push
forward the limits of their new frontier. Everyone wanted
access to the Tass; there were huge battles raging through-
out our fair club. BBS's crashed all the time. They just
couldn't handle the Entropy and Paradox running loose
through the Web.

Getting back to mages using the Spy's Demise for
themselves, though. Many of us found ourselves lonely and
disconnected from the world. How are we supposed to lead
the way to Ascension for a world we don't participate in or
understand? A world that scorns us and denies our exist-
ence? So, some bright mages started using the chat rooms
and the Spy's Demise to get their vicarious understanding
and enjoyment of the world. No prejudices, remember?
They used the Spy's Demise to have virtual relationships—
the kind that they couldn't, or wouldn't, have in the
physical world. In cyberspace they could assume other roles
and other personalities and at least pretend to be part of the
Sleepers' world.

eccee

"Following me so far?" the voice asked me. I was
beginning to suspect that it just liked to hear itself talk.

"So far, so good," I replied, "But what happened to
make this place like it is now? Surely the Technomancers
and the Tradition mages didn't just decide to let each other
live in peace."

The voice sighed. "Patience, patience. I'm getting to
that. You need the background, or you won't understand.
Surely you realize that." | could almost feel a presence
looking at me critically. "Of course," it said, a bit disap-
pointed, "you're used to taking things on faith, aren't you?

Let me try to educate you a bit more."
eocce

You're right. There was a battle for control. But some-
thing stopped it. I don't know what it was for sure. The
Sleepers may have gotten fed up with the crashes on their
precious systems, or the leaders of the Conventions and the
leaders of the Virtual Adepts may have just agreed that the
battles were only helping the Marauders and Nephandi.
Perhaps the mages realized they would not be able to be
voyeurs on the world of the Sleepers. I just don't know. If
you ever find the answer, just make sure you come tell me.
In any case, the uncontrollable rampage of power ended.
Someone —and again, I don't know who— decided to staff
the Spy's Demise with well-trained, professional, and cour-
teous people who distributed the accumulated Tass equally
to all patrons.


And that's where we stand now. The staffdispenses the
Tass, and the mages come in here to receive it. This place
is the social center of the Digital Web. Everyone who's

Anyone comes here.

I sat back in my chair and thought fora moment. "But
that still doesn't explain what keeps the peace." There was

"Hmm, I suppose I ought to tell you about the rules,
shouldn't 12" It laughed its disconcerting laugh again

"Anyone spending time in the Spy's Demise follows a few

simple rules. Or else:

"Number one, no use of vulgar magick within the bar,
unless you're a Sleeper ‘waking up'. The bouncers forgive
them. Two, all violence goes outside. Three, everyone has
And don't think these
rules can't be enforced. You might not notice the staff,

a right to enter and receive Tass

slipping in and out of the shadows with their containers of
‘juice', but they're there. They never take sides, and no one
knows whether they're alive or just constructs. You attack
the staff ot ignore the rules, you de-rez. Boom. Out. You'll
be gone so fast you'll never know what hit you. And you
won't be easily welcomed back.

"The help maintains the Spy's Demise and keeps it
working for everyone. They're the keepers of the truce that
keeps the BBS operational. Besides, the integrity of the
Spy's Demise is the only thing that all the residents of the
Digital Web seem to agree on."

"Thank you for the information, Voice. Do you have
aname, by the way?" I asked.

"Information is what I do. Just watch yourself. Very few
people in here give something for nothing. I only ask you
tocome by and talk every now and then. Information wants
to be free, my Celestial friend."

I must have looked a little surprised, because the voice
laughed again. "Yes, I know who you are. This is a wonder-
ful place to pick up all sorts of information, make deals, find
new friends — you name it. But don't worry. I probably
won't tell. See you later. I'm always around somewhere." I
could feel the voice leave. To this day | don't know how,
but I knew it was gone. I've talked to it once or twice since
then, but I still haven't found out its name.

— Tricia Tarkington, Celestial Chorus

Chapter Two


Just about every Grid sector has a Channel or
Conduit that feeds into the Spy's Demise. Sleep-
ersgointochatroomsand flex their imaginations
and online conversation skills. They feel unin-
hibited, safe in their anonymity, unaware that
even in their private rooms the evel of the

d on spying on their virtual lives. The things
Sleepers write in some of those private rooms
amaze even the most seasoned mages. As the Sleepers expend
their energies having a good time on the boards, they transfer
their Quintessence online. The staff of the Spy's Demise
distills this Tass into drinks for their patrons.

At the most fundamental level, the Spy's Demise is a bar
or club, and it performs all the social functions of one. You
can't draw a perfect map of the Spy's Demise, because no one
knows exactly how big it is or what it looks like. Screens hang
in corners everywhere, like television sets in earthly bars,
showing the rooms of Sleepers or virtual worlds created by the
very best, like Kibo or Feedback. The Demise is a Restricted
sector, which changes passwords every so often. Newbies
usually get in by performing embarrassing acts, such as stand-
ing upside down, dancing and playinga song for the patrons or
whatever. The newbies don't know that the help broadcasts
these impromptu performances on monitors throughout the
bar, much to the enjoyment of the regulars. Particularly fun
newbies with a good sense of humor receive extra Tass as a
good sportsmanship award.

The appearance of individual rooms within the Demise
reflects the psyches of their regular occupants. A room unfor-
tunate enough to be filled with Technocracy members looks
mechanical, metallic, andantiseptic. Otherroomshave dance
floors and stages, video arcades, and a plethora of strange and
unusual places to get a drink.

Secret rooms and passages honeycomb the Spy's Demise.
New conduits out of the Demise are constantly discovered.
The many public rooms delight both regular and first-time
patrons, and the even more numerous private rooms are
available for meeting, planning, scheming or just resting away
from the busy main areas. The paths from one room toanother
shift without warning; if you don't visit rooms in the proper
order you could find yourself stuck in the Spy's Demise for
much longer than you intended. Some say it's good practice for
learning to follow trees of conduits and sectors.

A spiral stairway may lead down to one room, but when
you try to leave you find that you can walk forever without
getting more than three stairs up. You crawl, instead, through
a sewer pipe to escape. At least one room has a phone booth
that changes your icon's clothing into spandex with an
optional cape. If you want to get lost in the Spy's Demise (and
even if you don't) it's not a problem. Some amateurs stay for
days on their first visit, either lost in the mazes of the Demise

54 Digital Web

orawed by its possibilities. (A piece of advice: the staffis always
willing to help a lost patron.)

The patronsare even more bizarre than the Demise. Icons
of all different sizes and shapes fill the halls. There are space
aliens, fantasy warriors, movie stars, ex-presidents and pieces
of mobile art work. The only way to be certain of anyone's
identity istocheck their Avatar with Prime or tomake contact
with through Mind magick.

All patrons have a handle, a name they go by in the Net.
The best Cybernauts devise numerous identities, including
distinct icons and personalities and different online e-mail
addresses. If the Virtual Adepts had as many different mem-
bers as the Spy's Demise has different patrons, worldwide
Ascension would be a reality. Newbies should remember that
no one is necessarily who or what she appears; until they've
learned their way around the electronic community, they'd
better be wary of prejudging anyone.

Information is everywhere in the Spy's Demise. Postings
from thousands of electronic folders cover the walls. Some
regulars establish e-mail addresses in the Demise. Patrons deal
info from dark comer tables. Some trade data for Tass, others
trade for services and the pros trade for more info. The most
valuable information of all is the location of Virgin Web.
However, Cybernauts who promise stuff and don't produce,
don't return. Mages sell Talismans over sips of juice, Chantry
members find new recruits and Nephandi try to corrupt
anyone they find. There is rumored to bea secret Spy's Demise
library hidden in the wine cellar (wherever that might be).
Frequent rumors claim that the library contains free data,
including rotes, for anyone who can find it.

The Sleepers are easy to find. They have standardized
icon images that float in boring grid rooms. All they can do is
talk. Sometimes, a Sleeper chatroom starts to take shape,
forming images instead of just scrolling text. It's a sign that
some Flathead may be close to Awakening. Predatory patrons
and well-meaning Disciples both haunt the grid rooms to
snatch up Sleepers with potential. These Sleepwalkers are
discounted by most of the regulars, but they are serious, intense
types. Battles have flared up in the Grids over potential
newbies, but the Demise quickly dumps offenders before
things get out of hand. Sleepers in the bar can only read the
text and perceive a magickal duel as nothing but a few
sickeningly fast typists really into free-form roleplaying.

Despite the espionage and intrigue and all the manipula-
tors, most of the patrons have fun. Cabals and mentor-student
relationships form all the time in the Spy's Demise. Even
Technocracy typesseem to lighten up. Encounters in the Spy's
Demise are less inhibited than nearly any other semi-public
place in the Net.


Major Public Rooms of
the Spy's Demise

Although there are innumerable rooms in the Spy's
Demise, there are several that are popular with most mages
and have easy conduits to Sleeper grids. These public rooms
are always open and available for meetings (and spying).

Also, if you want your own room, just call the help. They'll
ask you to spell out what you want and escort you to a
private suite close to your motif (the fun part is finding your
way out again...).

Some of the favorite public areas are:

Spaceport 1

Visitors to Spaceport 1 follow a long winding grid
hallway intoa giant bubble-like sphere where virtual space-
ships of all makes and models dock. The "space" here
doesn't really access either the Deep Umbra or outer space,
but Net Runners have lots of fun here. Walking around the
halls, visitors see aliens, spaceship pilots, astrophysicists
and futuristic merchants peddling strange items. Spaceport
1 is affectionately known as Big Bubble 1 by its regulars.
The Sons of Ether and the Void Engineers are both well
represented among the room's regulars, and Spaceport 1
has its own little cabal: Space Fleet. The monitors set in the
room connect to Grids dealing with space, encompassing

everything from national policies on space exploration to

new science fiction. Trips out into "deep space" simula-

tions are common, though the ships don't actually go
anywhere. they do appear to leave, however, adding to the
confusion of anyone unfamiliar with the twisted metaphys-
ics of the Web.

Paradise

A lush tropical island awaits mages who enter the
Paradise room. The Demise entrance opens out from a
wooden hut into a seemingly endless beach-front resort
Crystal-clear water laps at sparkling white-sand beach:

while the friendly indigenous population listens for the call
of another visitor needing a refill of his or her drink.
Women in leis and men with flowers behind their ears greet
new arrivals in Paradise. Speculation abounds about the
nature of these happy natives; are they real people or VR
constructs? Few visitors really care either

Palm trees line the paths to secluded bungalows and
private beaches. In the center of the resort is a complex of
nightclubs, restaurants, outdoor bars and small shops filled
with virtual objects to please even the most discriminating
Webslinger. Paradise isa place where you can do and say
almost anything. The atmosphere relaxes guests, and the
island provides an outlet for their more decadent desires.
Paradise connects to chat rooms where Sleepers go to talk
or engage in virtual flirting and cybersex.


Cathedral

Mages who enter Cathedral find themselves in a calm,
stately room. Cathedral contains a large, ornate church
with stained-glass windows and rows of candles lining the
aisles. The stained-glass windows are of typical Christian
design, but a closer look will reveal that they depict scenes
of Ascension.

A member of the Celestial Chorus reputedly created
Cathedral. Mages discuss spiritual matters here. A favorite
topic of the room is religion and the Ascension. Cathedral
boasts discussions between Technocracy, and Tradition
mages on their views of the Ascension; philosophical
mages frequent Cathedral and wonder about the moral and
theological implications of magick and how the Ascension
relates to God. Many mages gather to listen to these
discussions, but few actually participate. After some of the
more enlightened debates, the help brings extra Tass into
the chamber. Visiting mages can enter Sleeper online
religious forums through unassuming small doors built into
the walls of the room:

The Board Room

The patrons of the Spy's Demise credit the creation of
the Board Room to the Syndicate's more pretentious mem-
bers. A longrectangular table of virtual mahogany dominates
the room. Around the table are a number of high-backed
leather chairs. This table grows to accommodate visitors,

56 Digital Web

and there are always enough chairs to go around. If the table
gets too big for everyone to participate in discussions, two
screens appear in the table in front of each chair. One
screen shows the moderator or chairperson of the meeting,
the other the current speaker.

Large meetings, business discussions or any gathering
with many attendees takes place in the Board Room; the
place has access doorways into Sleeper business forums and
private meeting rooms. Though the settings appear formal,
the proceedings are often raucous and wild.

Serenity Grove

Even mages get tired of magick and metaphysics; this
is where they go to escape. Serenity Grove is a well-
landscaped park, complete with lakes and nature trails,
picnic tables and playgrounds. Mages can sit here and enjoy
the sunshine, take a nature walk, fish in the lakes, fly kites
or do anything else they can think of. There is one major
exception, however. There is no metaphysical or magickal
discussion here. Anyone caught trying to introduce magick
or metaphysics into this room is given a warning by the
help. A second offense, and a park ranger (one of the more
militant members of the Spy's Demise staff) promptly
escorts the offener. Those mages who like to talk about
their latest inventions or newest discovery in the Web
challenge this rule from time to time. On this matter,
however, the decision of the park ranger is final.


Major NPCs of the
Spy's Demise

Hey, boy,! Hand me another shot of that booze!

— Cab Calloway, "Saint James Infirmary"

Here isa sampling of individuals that player cabals may
encounter within the dark and twisted rooms of the Spy's
Demise. Be warned! Each one has the potential to be either
anally ora lethal enemy, and no one is what he seems to be.

Jessica Young

Essence: Questing

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Avant-Garde

Convention: Former Void Engineer, now Barkeep at
Spy's Demise

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Computer 3,
Cosmology 5, Culture 2, Dodge 1, Enigmas 1, Expression 5,
Intuition 2, Linguistics 1, Meditation 1, Melee 1, Research
4, Science 3, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 1, Technology 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 2, Matter 1, Mind
2, Prime 3, Spirit 1, Time 1

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Dream 1, Library 2

Arete: 4

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 17

Paradox: 0

Image: ‘a Young is an attractive woman with long
curly brown hair and bright blue eyes. She always seems to
have an inquisitive twinkle in her eye and a smile on her
lips. She is usually seen carrying an assortment of artistic
tools and paper.

Background: Jessica Young is a very talented cartog-
rapher. She has both an artistic flair and a fine attention to
detail; she has always had a passion for precise definitions
and accurate descriptions. Jessica had an almost uncanny
ability to translate the world around her to paper. She was
Awakened after encountering some Void Engineers who
wanted to have someone who could accurately quantify
sections of the Net for the Great Race.

After a few close calls with Virtual Adepts, Jessica felt
the animosity between the Conventions and the Tradi-
tions was counterproductive. She didn't understand why
the Void Engineers couldn't see the advantages of helping
the Tradition mages. Jessica made maps not to define
reality, but to help other people, especially neophyte
Cybernauts, find their way around the Digital Web.

Jessica had a long talk with some of the staff of the Spy's
Demise about her dilemma. After she was done, she was
offered a job with the mystery group that runs the virtual
night club. Unknown to many, Jessica is the one who

makes the maps that come with the Virtual Adepts' Digital
Online Package Talismans. When she is not making maps,
she loves to sketch the people and scenery in the Web.

Roleplaying Hints: You want to be with the first
people to explore a new section of the Web, and you form
alliances with mages of all backgrounds to tour their worlds
and map the interconnections. You want to make the first
map, supply the first information on everything. You be-
lieve that both the Conventions and Traditions, as well as
at least some of the Marauders and Nephandi, all have
contributions to make here. You formatted some of the Net
yourself and still retain the ability, from your Convention
days, to dump Cybernauts into Techno-Turf. You remain
comfortable even around the Technocracy.

23

Essence: Pattern

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Loner

Convention: Iteration X

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Awareness 4, Brawl
1, Computer 4, Culture 3, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms
1, Intuition 2, Intimidation 2, Investigation 2, Medicine 1,
Research 3, Science 2, Stealth 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge
5, Technology 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 2, Life 1, Mind 2,
Matter 1, Prime 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 2, Avatar 2, Destiny 3

Arete: 3

Willpower: 9

Quintessence: 12

Chapter Two 57


Paradox: 3
Image: 23 always appears in the Spy's Demise as an
attractive man wearing a tuxedo. He always sits by himself
and lets people come to him.
Background: 23 is an information broker for the
hnocracy. He was once a human being, but now he has

Te
become more machine than man. As both a Sleeper and a
mage, he spent his life bitter and isolated. He was raised by
a fanatical grandmother who beat into hima loathing of all
life and life processes. He hates and shuns his body and
suffers violent attacks when emotions begin to overwhelm
him.

His body is located in a heavily secured bunker be-
neath the basement of his house near Boise, Idaho. The
body is almost completely cybernetic. He remains continu-
ally hooked up to his computer systems and divides his time
between the Digital Web and Autochthonia. He was once
a desperate recluse, but the Web has given him a new lease
on (virtual) life.

23 gives out valid information to Tradition mages,
most of the time. Much of this is directed against Nephandi,
Marauders or other Conventions. He waits until he com-
putes that there is enough to be gained through
misinformation to strike. 23 builds trust then shatters it,
never leaving enough of his victims left to discredit himself
If anyone threatens him, he downloads a profile on the
individual to Autochthonia and marks them for termina-
tion. He prefers never to act personally against an enemy.

Roleplaying Hints: Gain the trust of the worthless
Tradition mages and then dispense faulty data to them.
Retrieve as much data as possible in exchange. Never look
anyone in the eyes. Negotiate in a precise and logical
fashion, and shun any entanglements that might produce

emotions. Loyalty, love, anger or even friendship are risky
states because of the heavy emotional load they bring. Be

58 Digital Web

subtle while manipulating the enemy. Always try to remain
in control of a situation.

If the players trick 23 into feeling a strong emotion —
fear, love, anger, hate, sympathy —he loses control. His ic
composure explodes in a wild panic attack. He staggers, his
arms flailing, as he tries to keep his feelings at bay. He is very
vulnerable in this state, like a frightened child, and can be
made to blurt out secrets.

Acid

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Deviant

Tradition: Hollow One

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Computer 4,

smology 2, Dodge 1, Enigmas 3, Expression 2, Firearms
1, Intuition 4, Medicine 1, Meditation 1, Occult 3, Re-
search 2, Science 1, Stealth 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1,
Technology 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 2, Mind
2, Prime 2, Spirit 1, Time 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Avatar 5, Destiny 5

Arete: 3

Willpower: 7

Quintessence

Paradox: 7

Image: Acid appears asa gleaming angel with amohawk

213

and strange tattoos:on his body.

Background: The mage called Acid is wild on the
outside and shy on the inside. He craves truth and esoteric
information. Acid was born with an immense amount of


potential, but his genius was smothered in his stifling,
stultifying home life. He grew up in a culturally isolated
suburban neighborhood that had no room for his wild
insights, so he sought escape in computers and drugs. He
Awakened while online and found himself in the Digital
Web. Acid's life wasn't the same afterward, and neither
were the drugs or the computers.

He's a flamboyant, insecure Cybernaut who'd like to
accomplish something great, but pities himself too much.
Some days he'd just like to escape life by going out in a
cosmic blaze of glory. His younger sister, Julie, takes care of
him, and she tries to keep her brother off of his drugs and
out of the Net.

Roleplaying Hints: Talk in pseudophilosophy about
everything, especially sex, drugs, violence and rock music
Always try to act cool but occasionally do something
insecure and immature.

Kalydescope
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Avant-garde
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Tradition: Virtual Adept
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-

risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 3,Com-
puter 4, Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Drive 1, Dodge 1, Enigmas
4, Etiquette 1, Expression 1, Firearms 1, Intuition 2, Inves-
tigation 2, Leadership 1, Medicine 1, Meditation 2, Melee
1, Occult 2, Research 2, Science 3, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 2,
Survival 1, Technology 4

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 1, Forces 1, Life
3, Matter 2, Mind 3, Prime 3, Spirit 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Arcane 3, Dream 2, Mentor 2

Arete: 4
Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 12

Paradox: 8

Image: No one in the Spy's Demise is certain of
Kalydescope's age or sex. The icon image varies, but
Kalydescope is always very flamboyant, preferring to use
millions of bright, scintillating colors to create his/her
icon. Kalydescope always wears a piece of clothing or
jewelry with a gecko lizard onit. If Kalydescope stays offline
fora while, someone in the Demise inevitably starts specu-

lation as to which icon Kalydescope will choose next.
Kalydescope's mutability extends to social situations.
Displaying an uncanny ease of transition, Kalydescope's
personality shifts depending on who he/she/it is talking
with. Kalydescope loves experimentation of any sort.
Background: Kalydescope has been in the Digital
Web just a little too long or suffered too many effects from
Quiet. he/she/it shifts icons continually. He never remains
s Quintessence to reshape the Parameters of
her Virtual Realms as often as it's icons. Perhaps because of

static, and us

this, Kalydescope has become quite a celebrity in the Spy's
Demise, though some mages worry that he/she/it is slipping
toward the Marauders.

Roleplaying Hints: Change your personality and your
form to fit everything. You don't know why you do this
anymore or even who you truly were, but you don't care
much. Change means everything. Realspace is just another
Virtual Realm, bigger than most. You are willing to try any
new experience, the more bizarre the better. Kalydescope
likes to spend time in multiple telepathic conversations.

Kalydescope prefers to avoid direct conflict in the
Digital Web, unless there's something highly unusual about
the experience. Kalydescope uses Correspondence magicks
in conjunction with Prime and Spirit to shunt any annoy-
ances through some special conduits into the Umbra as a
main form of attack, and likes to open an opponent's mind
and plant a more flexible world view inside.

Chapter Two 59


Secret Agent John Courage
(Rogue Man in Black)

Here's a man who lives a life of danger,

To everyone he meets, he stays a stranger,

With every move he makes, another chance he takes,

Odds are he won't live to see tomorrow

— Theme song to "Secret Agent"

Essence: Dynamic

Demeanor: Thrill-Seeker

Nature: Loner

Convention: Does John Courage still serve the Men in
Black???

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 3, Brawl
3, Computer 5, Dodge 3, Enigmas 4 (He is an enigma),
Firearms 5 (Retractable ray beam in his index finger),
Investigation 5, Linguistics 1 (Esperanto), Medicine 2,
Science 2, Stealth 6, Subterfuge 5, Technology 4

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 2, Forces 4, Life
3, Mind 3, Prime 2, Time 3

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 4

Arete: 4

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 8

Whom does he serve? What has he done? Where ishe now?
Stalking in the ethically gray shadows of corporate battlefields,
venting his angst in his never-ending battle for truth, skulking
along the digital tightropes of the Web — wherever danger is
stranger and death is near, John Courage is there.

60 Digital Web

Image: Nondescript. His facial features never linger long in
the mind. The clothing is simple, yet nefarious: black trench
coat, black boots, black jeans, black dress shirt, black fedora and
white socks (a vice he secretly hides). When hiding in the

shadows, he is filled with calm tranquility— a facade for the

boundless energy he can use to lash out at any moment!
Background: Secret Agent John Courage! The name is
enough to chill the souls of Technomancers and Traditionalists
alike. Although he reports to both the psychic networks of the
Men in Black and the message gateways of the Virtual Adepts,
his true purposes remain an enigma to the uninformed. He
appears to perform missions for the Men in Black at the same

time he reports supernatural occurrences to the Virtual Adepts
(Aha! Clearly a double agent!) He has lead the most destructive
of the Virtual Adepts into sinister traps (adouble-double agent!)
only to release selected members of them later (a triple agent!)
paving the way for Men in Black defectors (quadruple!) to
infiltrate the Adepts (quintuple!) and fall right into his trap
(!!!), until he makes his next move... the cycle goes on and on.
Whom does he truly serve? Most believe that John Courage
only serves himself. Silently, he carries out his secret missions as
he watches the Ascension War unfold. As he ruthlessly com-
piles his data, he pursues an understanding of the conflict that
few individuals can hold. Perhaps his enigmatic machinations
are merely a tool for furthering his own knowledge. .. perhaps he
is following some torturous path to a personal Ascension
perhaps he is so disaffected by the horrors of espionage that he

only seeks to seed confusion — the world will never know

Roleplaying Hints: The Real Story: Secret Agent John
Courage wasa ruthlessly efficient, legendary Man In Black, The

pressures of espionage were so great that he eventually snapped.

He's so Arcane, sometimes he doesn't know what he's doing.
John Courage is slowly turning into a walking pulp novel, and
he's so consumed with the need for "action" and "adventure"
that he'll betray anyone or go anywhere for the sake of thrill-
savage novel

seeking. Mix two parts angst with one part of a Doc
and you've got John Courage.

Agent Courage will often bring important news to agents
fighting in the Ascension War, regardless of what side they fight
on. Through the use of a bizarre rote combining Entropy 2,
Correspondence 4 and Time 3, John Courage will often appear
at the Spy's Demise when he is needed most, even when he is

really somewhere else. His use of time manipulation and spatial
co-location can make his relative locations in the space-time
continuum difficult to ascertain. Anyone who seeks data from
John Courage must consider which side Courage is working for
currently and what reason he must have for betraying critical
facts.

The Web, however, is not John Courage's only avenue to
adventure. Wherever heart-stopping excitement calls, wher-
ever the endless cavalcade of adventure cascades, he carries out
an agenda only he truly understands. Whether observing Yeti in
the farthest reaches of the Himalayas, wielding chainsaws in the
steel corridors of Qui La Machinae spaceships or hiding in the
shadows of the Spy's Demise... adventure calls him, and John
Courage is there.


Astarte

Essence: Primordial

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Director

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Computer 4,
Cosmology 4, Culture 1, Dodge 1, Enigmas 3, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 1, Intuition 2, Intimidation 3, Investigation 1,
Leadership 1, Medicine 2, Meditation 1, Occult 2, Re-
search 3, Science 2, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 1, Technology 3

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Life 1, Matter 1,
Mind 3, Prime 3, Spirit 3, Time 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 2, Avatar 3, Library 4, Talis-
man 5

Arete: 4

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 9

Paradox: 4

Image: Astarte's icon appears in the Net as a woman
witha perfectly molded figure and void-black skin and hair
with stars, moons, planets and comets swirling across the
surface of her skin. If you stare too long at her, the stellar
objects appear to move within a vast space inside her body.

Background: Astarte was always fascinated by the
worlds of such authors as H.G. Wells, Jules Verne, Edgar
Rice Burroughs and the like. She longed to sail along the
canals of Mars, travel through time and venture to the
darkest depths of the oceans. The Space Age shattered her
youth with its revelations about the lifelessness of the rest
of the solar system.

She was determined to create the science fantasies of
her literature if she couldn't discover them for real. Her
Avatar Awakened, and she contacted a mysterious being
known to her as Dr. Solaris. He guided her to build a large
computer system out of discarded vacuum tubes and anten-
nae no longer efficient enough for the computer revolution.
She completed her monstrous device, filling a large section
of an abandoned warehouse (this Talisman works the same
way as the Talisman "Prodigy" in Mage: The Ascension).
Suddenly, she had access to vast amounts of information,
and she discovered the Digital Web, a place where all her
fantasy worlds could become reality.

Astarte has vast amounts of knowledge, which she
attributes to being a star goddess. Previous bouts with Quiet
have unhinged her mind. She thinks that she ruled this
solar system millennia ago and that some force stripped the
Ether away and slew her children on most of the planets.
Somehow, the Earthlings managed to survive. She has a
number of bound rune-fetters, her minions, thatshe likes to
call on in combat.

Roleplaying Hints: You are now one of the primal

forces of the universe, the embodiment of the entire cos-
mos. Others come to you begging for help and advice. If
they return to you the Quintessence that you once spread
across the universe, you will aid them.

Nightwind

Essence: Questing

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Loner

Tradition: Virtual Adept

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 4, Computer 5,
Cosmology 2, Dodge 3, Drive 2, Enigmas 3, Firearms 1,
Intuition 4, Investigation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine
1, Meditation 1, Melee 1, Research 3, Science 3, Stealth 5,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Technology 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Forces 2, Life
1, Mind 3, Prime 3, Spirit 2, Time 1

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Avatar 5, Talisman 2

Arete: 6

Willpower: 10

Quintessence: 14

Paradox: 3

Image: Nightwind always wears black clothes and a
jet-black cloak. He stands about 5'10" and has black hair
and eyes. He moves very naturally and looks like his icon
simply recreates his true appearance.

Background: Nightwind hasadream of creatingsome-
thing beyond what the Digital Web is now. He sees the
Digital Web as a ripple, spreading outward in a vast cosmic
ocean. Nightwind wants to reach the shores of the ocean.

Chapter Two 61


He wants to go beyond and above and around. According

to his understanding of Correspondence, space is an illu-
sion soit should be possible to go anywhere instantaneously.
Nightwind is still working on his vision, but intuitively, he
knows that the whole reality paradigm is going to change.
Nightwind wants to be the man who undid Copernicus and
the Technocracy; he has the passion of a fanatic and it
shows in everything he does. Frighteningly, his faith in
himself is so strong and his intelligence so profound that he
might be right.

Roleplaying Hints: You are better than anyone else,
but you generally treat people the way they treat you. Some
Cybernauts think you're an arrogant Feedback-style showoff.
They've obviously got self-confidence problems. You have
a reputation for being the very best at obtaining data, and
lots of people come to you for results.

Conflict is a waste of time. Nightwind likes to use
Correspondence to move himself away from attackers in
the Digital Web. He isan old hand at the Netand has access
to numerous hidden conduits and Virtual Realms. Lots of
people owe him favors. Most of his Virtual Realms are
Gothic cyberpunk-style sprawls where he is the biggest
CEO of the largest megacorporation. Nightwind knows the
conduits as well as anyone and automatically receives an
extra success when navigating through the Web.

Nightwind is meant as an occasional mentor or ally for
characters who enter the Digital Web, not as competition.
Perhaps if they work with him fora while, he might confide
his vision to them.

Digital Web

Timothy Blackard,
aka Micro-Wolf

Essence: N/A

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,

4, Cosmology 3, Dodge 4, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms
1, Intuition 2, Intimidation 1, Investigation 2, Medicine 1,
Occult 1, Science 2, Stealth 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3,
Survival 2, Technology 4

Somputer

Spheres: None, but see below for Special Abilities
Backgrounds: Fetishes: 4, Resources: 3, Rites: 3
Arete: 5

Willpower: 7

Quintessence: N/A

Paradox: N/A

e: Short, real short — so short it hurts your neck

Imag
to look down at him. Don't let it show on your face though,

because he's ab looking for any hint of disdain over his

size. Try not to crack a smile at the cowboy boots, dirty

jeans, white shirt and black tie either. He may look too
ridiculously short and squat to be a city cowboy, even with
the leathery, abused face and the rawhide duster. But when
he goes fuzzy, he'll be able to look you in the eye, tip his hat
and rip your head off like lightning.

Background: Micro-Wolf is a Glass Walker werewolf
born of human parents. He was the runt of the litter, a
freakish midget with a rough, animalistic face. He was
abandoned and lived in institutions until the Glass Walk-
ers found and rescued him. Though he is Homid (born of


human parents), many werewolves mistake him for a Metis
(an inbred mutation), and shun him. His packmates don't
care where he spends his time; consequently, he is out to
prove a few things.

He's been breaking things, fixing them and then break-
ing them again for as long as he can remember. After all the
mechanical tinkering he'd done, computers seemed like
the next logical step. He gained a little respect among his
tribe by solving problems with his head and his computers
(not to mention with a lot of flair). He visited the Cyber
Realm and blundered into a conduit that led him to the
Digital Web. He finds people on the Web less judgmental
than people in the outside world and has made the Web his
second home.

Although he's very sensitive about his height, he
insists on appearing smaller than he really is in the physical
world. He insists that people accept him for what he is,
rather than creating an idealized image. When he trans-
forms into a werewolf on the Web, he usually remains
small, the way he looks in the physical world. but some-
times he indulges himself by turning into a monstrously
tall, slavering monster.

Roleplaying Hints: You're angry. You've drawn the
shortest straw in life's lottery. Things have been lookin' up
recently (no pun intended), and you can still walk around
here in Crinos (wolfman) form and look down at people.
Still, Gaia owes you a few, and you're here to collect. If it
comes down to a fight (and it will if anyone says anything
about your height), then you'll pick at your opponent,
taunting his inability to catch you and then slam him when
the opportunity presents itself. And no, you don't believe
that there's such a thing as fighting too dirty.

Special Abilities: As a werewolf, Timothy enters the
Digital Web only by Holistic Immersion. He shifts forms
augmenting his physical attributes to Strength 5, Dexterity
4, and Stamina 5. He shifts into the Spirit world using
Arete and has the equivalent of Spirit 3. Micro-Wolf may
attack up to 3 times in a turn with his claws by using his
Rage.

For Storytellers who use Werewolf: the Apocalypse,
Micro' is a Homid Ragabash Glass Walker of Rank 1 who
belongs to the Random Interrupts camp. His gifts are Smell
of Man, Open Seal, Control Simple Machine and Blur of
the Milky Eye. He also knows the Rites of Talisman
Dedication, Cleansing, Contrition, and Spirit Awakening.
He has a 3 Rage.

Views of the Spy's
Demise

What is the Spy's Demise?

There is a lake between sun and moon

Not too many know about

In the silence between whisper and shout

The space between wonder and doubt.

— Rush, "Between Sun and Moon"

The Spy's Demise could be many things ina chronicle.
Cybernauts use it to meet and exchange information. It
provides a good jumping off point for stories set in the
Digital Web, and a chance for players to meet new NPCs,
even Sleepers. The place could also be the headquarters for
a secret organization of mages that crosses Technocracy
and Tradition lines. Ultimately, the nature of the Spy's
Demise depends on the Storyteller.

Opinions Regarding
the Spy's Demise

© Nephandi — The Spy's Demise provides more than
adequate cover for our attempts to corrupt and consume the
Avatars of the weak. We can hide in the Spy's Demise and
move alongside our brethren and the Sleepers. We can reach
many Sleepers through the bulletin boards and chatrooms.
The computer lets our messages of temptation and corruption
reach many users. It is a twisted joy to move alongside
Technomancers and Tradition mages. However, do not re-
veal yourself, if anything could convince the Technocracy to
destroy the Spy's Demise it would be the sheer numbers of us
who congregate there.

* Marauders — The joys of virtual fantasy are nothing
compared to the truth. The entire Digital Web serves as
nothing but a net— a great, enclosing net to catch many
wriggling fishies. Oh, the tragedy for the poor sleepers who
worship the Web but who cannotsee the Spider looming over
them, preparing to strike.

© The Technocracy — We have conceded the necessity
of the existence of the Spy's Demise. We hope that the
popularity of the BBS's and online services will teach people
to rely on technology for everything. As long as we allow it to
exist, we should also use it to learn the plans of the Traditions.

© The Virtual Adepts — The Spy's Demise and its
romantic, adventurous atmosphere are a natural environment
for us. We can choose different forms and guises for each new
foray into the Spy's Demise. There are always more rooms and
more people to meet and conspire with. This place is what
Virtual Reality is all about.

© Other Traditions — The Spy's Demise is the greatest
thing about the Digital Web. It provides sanctuary from the
Technocracy and a rest from the hyperspeed world outside.
The Tass is free, and the greatest thing about it is you never
know who or what you'll meet, see, learn, feel...

Chapter Two 63


Rumors from the Spy's Demise

Rumors and bits of data, some true, some false, are the
cash of the Spy's Demise. Here are a set of rumors for the
characters to pay for or overhear in the bar.

© The Nephandi really control the Spy's Demise. They
use its resources to play the Tradition and Technocracy
mages against each other, hoping to corrupt and taint both
sides amid the intrigues.

© Hey, watch what you say. The New World Order
created the Spy's Demise and keeps it running. They
monitor every conversation and every piece of data that
flows in or out of the Spy's Demise. The Black Hats &
Mirrorshades are compiling it all so they can strike against
the Traditions.

© The Marauders want to make the whole Web crash.
The Virtual Adepts set up the Spy's Demise with fail-safe
programs that can do it before they left the Technocracy.
A crash here may even damage the Pattern Web.

© You people really ought to control your killers. And
you think we're bad. I've heard about that famous serial
killer. You know the one — the renegade Euthanatos who
harvests Quintessence from the life patterns of his victims.

© We've got to catch them! We can't let them get
there first! You don't know what I'm talking about? Every-
one knows that before the SETI program was shut down,
some Void Engineers transmitted their icons to the stars.

Have you seen those Middle Easterners? They're an
extremely powerful group of mages who travel through the
Digital Web. They were once the ninth Tradition, before
the Virtual Adepts replaced them. And they're not pleased
with the Adepts.

¢ The Void Engineers want to join the Traditions.
They have assembled a team of negotiators and plan to seek
refuge with the Council of Nine. It's coming down really
soon.

¢ The Technocracy remade a pack of werewolves into
cyber-beasts covered with techno-fetishes and set them
loose upon the Digital Web. This Pit Bull pack could wreak
a lot of havoc before they're punted, so be careful.

© Who got the last laugh on this one? Captain
Feedback's virtual self is trapped out in the furthest reaches
of the Digital Web. He's supposedly lost on board the
Voyager space probe.

© Wecanstrike against the Technocracy if we want to.
There are three backdoor access ways to the Null-BChantry,
located in Junklands. The Greyfaces would never suspect
us there.

© The Nephandi control an entire Convention of the
Technocracy. | heard it's Iteration X. If they aren't stopped,
the entire Technocracy will join the Nephandi's quest for
nihilism.

© Some mages have outlived their physical bodies by
transferring their Avatars and consciousness permanently


into the Digital Web. These digital personae have abilities
beyond those of ordinary mages.

The secret to Ascension is to live the Ascension, not
seek a sudden transformation.

© Computers have dreams. A conduit exists directly
from the Digital Web to the Dream Realms. Sometimes
electronic Chimeras swirl out of Dream into the conduits
to the Net. The dreams of computers are creating little
intelligences that are roaming freely in icongraphic form.
They pass the Turing Test: they are indistinguishable from
human intelligences. They can even format Virgin Web.

© Haven't I seen you before? One of your other forms,
perhaps? You'd better be careful. Mages who try to play too
many different roles in the Digital Web always go insane.
You wouldn't want to become a Wyld & Fried Freak, now
would you?

* Somewhere in the Digital Web, a mage has repli-
cated all of existence in one colossal Virtual Realm. It's
better than reality.

¢ The Arcanum knows that we exist. Beware of them.
They mean no harm, but their presence can draw Paradox
to your front door.

* Magick doesn't affect certain Sleepers. Some of
them possess some kind of anti-magickal Avatar. They
could be what powers Paradox.

© A secret organization of mages exists that embraces
all philosophies as valid. They include members of the
Technocracy, Traditions, Marauders and others. Some say
they're the ones responsible for this place.

¢ The Cockroach Incarna carved out a domain for
himself and his Glass Walker werewolves inside the Net.
Watch out; its minions are everywhere, spying and slowly
taking over. I've even seen the little spirits crawling around
in the Spy's Demise, listening to everything.

Chapter Two 65


Chapter Three:

Tale Recursion

Now we are going to see yet another way in
which the whole world is buile out of recursion
—DouglasR. Hofstadter, Gadel, Escher, Bach:
An Eternal Golden Braid

"Tale Recursion" is a story that challenges
the players with the task of "hacking" their
way into one man's Paradox Realm to get

John Cooper

him out. On the surface, it appears to be a classic rescue
mission, but the characters will find themselves lost in a
Realm as real and compelling as the Web itself. The line
between solid reality and Virtual Reality is unclear to begin
with, but in this story the characters will find it hopelessly
blurred.

How toRun This Story

"Tale Recursion" is a loosely structured ad-
venture suitable for just about any number of
characters from any of the Traditions. The
story uses the Spy's Demise as a launching
point, so the characters must have a way of
entering the Digital Web. The story ulti-
mately takes place within von Neumann's
Paradox Realm, which actually exists within
a Realm tangential to the Web.

This story is designed so that you can run
any number of side stories from within its greater context.
The side stories can be either distractions or integral

episodes in the quest to find von Neumann. You should
develop side stories that leave the players wondering how
their actions will affect the "real world" outside the Para-
dox Realm. You are, of course, free to choose how and why
the actions of the characters will be reflected in the real
world (ifindeed they are at all) once they get back to it. For
instance, aside story in which the characters fail to save the
Spy's Demise from destruction might have actual (usually

lesser) consequences for the real Spy's Demise — the
characters might learn that since they left, an unexplained
overload in the Web has forced all icons inside the bar to
look the same (wouldn't that be amusing?)

Chapter Three

The Plot

Background: What's Going On?

Hidden away in a Chantry deep in the Web, an
obsessed Master of Ether worked to realize Ascension. Dr.
John von Neumann slaved like a man possessed for over
two decades perfecting his artificial intelligence model.
The result of his greatest and most secretive research effort

a massively parallel, artificially intelligent construct
named ROSE. Composed entirely of Sentient Silicon™,
ROSE was von Neumann's most ambitious undertaking. In
one sense, ROSE was just another program running in the
Web, but she was also profoundly unique. Through a
tremendous feat of Correspondence magick, von Neumann
distributed her processing over an immense portion of the
Web to diffuse the effect of whiteout (see Chapter One).

ROSE was ultimately designed with one purpose in
mind: the "solving" of logical contradictions and math-
ematical paradoxes. Dr. von Neumann believed that the
key to Ascension lay in the eradication of Paradox. In order
toalter reality sufficiently to permit ROSE to perform such
impossible feats of logical reasoning, von Neumann had to
inject enormous amounts of Quintessence from the Web
into ROSE. He successful averted the systems crash that
should have occurred, but his objective was still so inher-
ently paradoxical that Paradox Spirits imprisoned him the

68 Digital Web

moment he gave ROSE her first problem to solve. It didn't
take long for von Neumann to realize what had happened
to him, and he became convinced that the only way he
could escape the Paradox Realm was to succeed at the very
task that put him there. With every attempt to build ROSE
and have her solve his problem, he was thrown into a
recursively deeper level of the Paradox Realm.

The Paradox Realm itself appears to be identical to the
Web with a couple of exceptions. First, ROSE does not yet
exist in the Realm; in each of the levels von Neumann
enters, he must rebuild her. Second, subjective time is
different. One second in the Paradox Realm takes only one
microsecond in realspace. Thus, while two weeks go by in
the Paradox Realm, little more than one second has elapsed
in the real world. This extends recursively into each level
of the Realm. Thus, one microsecond in the first level of the
Realm lasts for one second in the second level, and so on.
Universes live, die and are reborn hundreds of times over in
the fourth level of the Realm in the time it takes for the
second hand of a watch to move one tick in realspace.

In practical terms, this means that the characters can
spend as much time as they wish in von Neumann's Para-
dox Realm and return to find they were gone only a
moment in the real world. Furthermore, mages in the
Paradox Realm do not really age. Subjectively, they may
spend two millenia in the Paradox Realm and actually age


less than a day. For this reason, von Neumann has had
plenty of time to establish himself as a prominent Master in
the world of each level of the Paradox Realm that he has
entered.

The most ironic aspect of the recursive trap is this; von
Neumann, through ROSE, has created his own Paradox
Realm and Paradox spirits. Many mages theorize that
Paradox is brought about by a mage's own subconscious
mind — that Paradox Spirits are manifestations are incar-
nations of some inner boundaries that the mage must not
cross (or does not have the inner faith to cross). The subject
has been debated for centuries and no one knows the true
answer (except the Paradox Spirits, and they're not talk-
ing!), but if the theory is true, von Neumann has created a
VR prison out of a reflection of his own stubborn pride, a
prison he can never be free of until he realizes his own
limitations.

Von Neumann's disappearance has not yet been no-
ticed by anyone except his apprentice, Bertrand Gerarde.
Gerarde is quite familiar with ROSE but has no idea what
her true purpose is. Von Neumann revealed nothing about
his secret project's real objectives because he knew he
would meet opposition from nearly all of his colleagues.
However, von Neumann is an important figure within his
Tradition, and his talents would be sorely missed were he to
remain trapped in his prison forever. Moreover, agents of
the Technocracy will leap at the opportunity to plunder
von Neumann's Chantry if they learn he is trapped in a
Paradox Realm, If the Technocracy gains possession of von
Neumann's work, it would be a severe blow to the Sons of
Ether. Von Neumann has plenty of friends, and favors are
always a good thing for player-characters to have...

For his own part, Bertrand Gerarde is holding up fairly
well. He witnessed von Neumann's strange accident, but
he is not entirely certain it was due to Paradox. He strongly
suspects some Paradox reaction, but doesn't know what
von Neumann could have done to provoke a Backlash.
Furthermore, the manner in which von Neumann disap-
peared was odd and could have been the result of
Technocracy espionage. Gerarde knows that he needs help
to find von Neumann, and the first place he decides to look
is the Spy's Demise.

When the story begins, von Neumann is again busy
building ROSE in his Paradox Realm. Which level he is in
is actually determined by how long it takes the players to
figure out the secret to getting him out. Once they've done
that, you should arrange for the characters to find von
Neumann in the next level of the Realm, whichever one
that happens to be.

Theme

While this story explores the intriguing idea of enter-
ing someone else's Paradox Realm, a deeper, more subtle
theme is developed: that of the perils of power. The
celebrated Son of Ether Dr. John von Neumann (pro-
nounced: von NOYman) is convinced that the only way to
precipitate Ascension is to first eliminate Paradox. Von
Neumann is an exceptional man with access to great
power, but hubris leads him to his own doom. Like many
Masters, he is obsessed with forcing his own vision of
Ascension onto reality. His spiral descent into ever deeper
levels of his self-created Paradox Realm is entirely his own
fault. Ironically, the only path to freedom lies in recogniz-
ing the flaw in his beliefs, but he is blind to the futility of
his approach and is unlikely to find the truth on his own.

The mission is to find von Neumann in his Paradox
Realm and bring him out. While the prospect of breaking
into his Paradox Realm may seem daunting, the hardest
part will be convincing von Neumann that he must aban-
don his approach to Ascension if he is ever to get out. The
characters themselves will be faced not only with the
question of what Ascension means to them, but also the
larger issue of what the proper way is to go about achieving
this lofty goal.

Mood

The mood of this story is a mixture of the heroic and
the bizarre. The characters are on a righteous mission to
rescue a prominent Master, but are flung headlong into the
bizarre landscape of von Neumann's Paradox Realm.

Scene One

At the Spy's Demise

It's an ordinary night in the Spy's Demise. Over
in that comer someone is trying to sell military
secrets. Behind the bookcase two circuit mer-
chants are comparing specs on the latest in
code-cracking chips. And at the bar, some corp
execs are sampling the highest octane Smart
Drinks money can buy. Deals are going down,
and the digital juice is flowing freely. An ordi-

nary night in the Spy's Demise.

As soon as the characters get comfortable, an unfamil-
iar man approaches and hails one of the characters as a
long-time friend.

"Hey (choose a character), how long has it been? It's
good to see you after all these years! How's that project
going over at SimTech? Did you get passed over for promo-
tion again?" After ignoring the first couple of "Who are
you?" demands, the man turns intently toward another
character and begins to report more personal data. "Ms.
(next character), born July 29th, 1960. Registered Repub-

Chapter Three 69


FAT 2aws

¥
om

AY en

lican in the last two presidential elections but voted
Democrat in last year's mayoral race. You use five different
personas on the Web, though no one realizes that you and
Lady Godiva are the same person." The actual dialogue, of
course, should be based on the chosen characters' back-
grounds. Gerarde's initial approach will be cordial, but his
personality should shift to a deadly serious monotone when
addressing the second character. To make them even more
uncomfortable, Gerarde will move on to a third character.

The man is Bertrand Gerarde, and he is using the
intimate information to get the characters' attention. He
obtained the information by hacking into a New World
Order Watchtower database archive. You should feel free
to give Gerarde any information from the characters'
backgrounds that you feel the Technocracy could (or
should) have. How much information Gerarde will have
should be based on plausibility and dramatic appeal. The
more intimate the knowledge displayed, the more menac-
ing the scene will appear and the more anxious the players
will be to learn who he is and what he wants.

At the point when the characters appear so agitated
that they are on the verge of violence, Gerarde will become
silent. It will be clear to anyone who makes a successful
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 7) that Gerarde is
trying to hide his nervousness and apprehension. In a
hushed tone he introduces himself: "My name is Bertrand
Gerarde. Please forgive me for the way I've introduced
myself, but it was imperative that | convey a matter of
terrible importance to you through demonstration. Itseems
to have been effective in getting your attention. I promise
to explain myself completely to you if you in return promise
to entertain a proposal to help me with a desperate problem."

Gerarde is now being as sincere as he knows how, and
he intends to make good on his promise, but he will not tell
them anything until they agree to his terms. "Come with
me to my Chantry, and I will explain everything." He will
reiterate how important it is that they help him. The only
question he will answer is "Why us?" to which he will
respond: "Because you are not yet fixed in your ways; you do
not yet know what is impossible, and so you are the most
capable of achieving the impossible. And... you are the
best Disciples I could find." Players will inevitably ask
questions like, "What do you want us to do?" and "What's
in it for us?", but Gerarde will wave them all off and insist
ongoing to the privacy of his Chantry before discussing any
details. "This place is the most heavily monitored location
on the Web. It is not wise to discuss such things here."

Von Neumann's Chantry

If the characters agree to go with him, Gerarde will
take them to von Neumann's Chantry, which has nearly
fool-proof security against digital surveillance. The Chantry
is located in a private Horizon Realm reachable from the
Web through a single MIT Gateway to which only von
Neumann and Gerarde know the password. To open the


Gateway a mage must use a Mind 3 rote (difficulty 7) that
mentally sendsa series of keywords to the Gateway Security
Daemon. When the phrase "Curious Green Ideas Slept
Furiously" is sent, the Gateway Security Daemon will
activate a Correspondence rote that takes anyone at the
staging area to von Neumann's Chantry.

The Chantry is a strange place. It is a fueled by a very
strong Qunitessence flow that von Neumann has tapped
from the Web with Correspondance magick. To a visitor,
the Chantry appears to have no actual structure aside from
a single room, but in fact there are many co-located rooms
stacked in one place. There are always two doorways
(known as ports) in the room; one input port and one
output port. By merely thinking of which room you wish to
enter, the output port configures itself to take you there.
The port doors open only after you have mentally decided
where to go. If more than one person passes through the
portal before it closes (it waits for five seconds much like an
elevator door), they all end up in the same room.

Von Neumann can create rooms whenever he wishes,
simply by willing them to exist and mentally choosing to go
there via the output portal. Unless a character knows of a
room, she cannot think to go there. Currently von Neumann
has over two hundred rooms in his Chantry, of which
Gerarde only knows of about a dozen. These rooms range
from the mundane (library, various labs, mail room) to the
outlandish (rooms modeled after Escher drawings; rooms as
big as Yellowstone Park containing vast, life-sized, three-
dimensional fractal landscapes, etc.).

Once inside, Gerarde will take the charcters to a
conference room. He will explain how he knew so much
about them: "Listen my friends, the Technocracy has
extensive data archives containing unbelievable amounts
of personal data on a great many of us, mostly Virtual
Adepts and Sons of Ether. I managed to gather a little data
on each one of you by breaking into a New World Order
database using the Fiberopticon, a Talisman that my men-
tor created." He will show them the Fiberopticon, a device
that looks like an ordinary computer monitor. It appears to
be turned off but, in fact, the device is no longer working,
much to Gerarde's chagrin. The reason for this is that the
Fiberopticon works by communicating with ROSE, who is
currently in a hung state. There is also a reason—discussed
at length in the section following the Epilogue—why von
Neumann never used it for breaking into Technocracy
databases like Gerarde did.

"Lam the apprentice of Dr. John yon Neumann, and
this is his Chantry. The Fiberopticon, for some mysterious
reason, no longer works, but von Neumann once hinted
that it could possibly be used to wipe out the Technocracy's
archives, not just peek at them."

When the characters ask the inevitable question of
where von Neumann is, Gerarde will explain what hap-
pened to his mentor. "It was about a week ago. I had just
finished uploading the latest revision of ROSE's humor

module. Dr. von Neumann was communicating with ROSE
with his keyboard — which was strange because she's had
her speech module for months now — and he had just
finished typing something when he began to break apart. 1
actually saw him merge with ROSE, the two of them
blending together; it was very strange. Then, all of a
sudden, ROSE snapped back to her usual appearance and
Dr. von Neumann was gone. It's my suspicion that he was
taken by Paradox Spirits."

Introducing ROSE

Never trust a computer you can't lift.

—Macintosh's first spoken words on January 24, 1984

Atsome point during this description, the players will
probably ask who or what ROSE is. When they do, Gerarde
will explain and then continue with his description of what
happened to von Neumann: "Oh, ROSE is Dr. von
Neumann's greatest project. I was taken on almost 20 years
ago to help him with it. ROSE is an artificially intelligent
neural network, the most advanced AI construct ever
developed. She's actually very knowledgeable and has a
rather pleasant personality. Unfortunately, she's been com-
pletely silent ever since Dr. von Neumann disappeared."
Gerarde will bring the characters to the room where ROSE
sits, head slumped forward against her chest. She looks like
the robot from Fritz Lang's Metropolis. A keyboard (which
has no cable attached because it uses Correspondence
magick to communicate directly with ROSE) rests on her
lap.

Normally ROSE is highly conversational, but ever
since von Neumann was taken by Paradox, she has been
completely silent, though it is evident that she is still
functional. What Gerarde doesn't know is that ROSE is
actually von Neumann's prison. Von Neumann is trapped
in a Paradox Realm that exists within ROSE's virtual
circuitry. She is essentially in a state of digital hibernation
until von Neumann figures out how to escape (in a sense,
she is working on his problem, but since Paradox makes this
task impossible, she is dormant until a way out of the
dilemma is found).

The Mission Revealed

Gerarde will make his plea: "I've asked you here to
consider rescuing Dr. von Neumann from his prison. Dr.
von Neumann always believed that Paradox Realms could
be ‘hacked into' like a computer system; he said to think of
them as virtual realities not unlike the Web. If this is true,
and I believe it is, then it should be possible to break into
his Paradox Realm and bring him out."

If characters ask why he has not gone after von
Neumann, Gerarde will confess: "In my judgment, this is
not a single-person job. There's no way to know what's to
be encountered in there. Sending a cabal dramatically
increases the chances for success, wouldn't you agree?" The
characters will most likely ask Gerarde to come along, but

Chapter Three 71


he will refuse, saying; "Someone must stay here in case the
Technocracy learns of what has happened and tries to take
advantage of my mentor's absence. Plus, it will help to have
someone on the outside in the event that you find a way to
communicate from inside."

Ifthe characters ask why they should bother, Gerarde will
gently remind them of von Neumann's Fiberopticon and the
possibilities for going after the Technocracy using it. "There is
no telling how much information they have on us or how they
plan to use it. I think it would be in everyone's best interests
to get von Neumann back, don't you?" If further persuasion is
necessary, he will mention the great status among Tradition
mages that such a feat would earn, as well as von Neumann's
personal gratitude.

The biggest obstacle that Gerarde has here is in gaining
the characters' trust. The whole situation smells like a set up,
and you may have to find creative ways to get the characters
to believe Gerarde's story. To that end, you should indulge the
characters in their efforts to figure out whether or not they are
walking into a trap. For instance, if the characters wish to use
Mind Link to probe Gerarde's mind, he will permit it as long
as they do not try to open any highly sensitive doors. Gerarde
will not mind if the characters take some time to "think about
it," but he will make it clear how urgent he feels the situation
is ("You never know what is happening to Dr. von Neumann,
the sooner he is rescued the better.").

Do not force the characters to go on this mission. It could
be quite dangerous, and it is possible that the players won't
figure out how to get out again. If the players do not feel
comfortable about it, let them pass on it. Gerarde will thank
them for their time and take them back to the MIT Gateway.
As the characters pass through, however, their minds will be
stripped of any memory of the events that took place in von
Neumann's Chantry. All they will remember is waiting to
enter the Chantry with Gerarde. Since they will be back
where they started, it will appear to them that he simply
entered without them. This always happens when going from
the Chantry to the Web unless another Mind 3 Rote (diffi-
culty 5) is used to shield the mind from the stripping effect (a
mage must continuously repeat the words "Cogito Ergo Sum"
in his mind while casting the Rote).

Getting In

If the characters agree to go in after von Neumann, their
next steps will be figuring out how to find his Paradox Realm
and how to "break in." In principle, finding the Paradox
Realm is easy—it's ROSE—but figuring this out will require
alittle detective work. The first clue is that something strange
happened with von Neumann and ROSE when he disap-
peared (his essence was sucked into the Paradox Realm). The
second clue is that ROSE is somehow hung. Another minor
clue is the keyboard. Von Neumann did not want Gerarde
knowing what he was doing, so he used a keyboard instead of
speaking to her. Gerarde will acknowledge that von Neumann
spent nearly every waking moment working on ROSE. Every-
thing should point to ROSE as being somehow central to von
Neumann's disappearance.

72 Digital Web

Ifand when it occurs to the characters that von Neumann
is trapped ina Paradox Realm within ROSE, they can attempt
toenterher virtual Realm (which functionsas von Neumann's
prison). This requires an Astral or Holistic Immersion (see
Chapter One). If none of the characters have this sort of
power, Gerarde will produce a Talisman device which enables
them to hack into the Realm with 10 or more successes of
Intelligence + Computer, difficulty 9. If the characters suc-
ceed in getting into ROSE, they will find themselves in the
first level of von Neumann's Paradox Realm. The action
proceeds to Scene Two.

Note that ROSE is a neural network that is actually
distributed across a vast number of computers in the Web;
shutting ROSE down is impossible without first shuttingdown.
most of the Web. Even if this could be done, the consequences
would be disastrous; shutting down the Web means terminat-
ing both ROSE and von Neumann along with her. The
Paradox Realm exists only as long as ROSE does, and if ROSE
goes, von Neumann and the Realm he is trapped in goas well.

Getting Out

In a chess tournament not long ago in Canada, one
program—the weakest of all the competing ones—had the
unusual feature of quitting long before the game was over. It was
not a very good chess player, but it at least had the redeeming
quality of being able to spota hopeless position, and to resign then
and there...

—Douglas R. Hofstadter, Gédel, Escher, Bach: An
Eternal Golden Braid

The key to getting out of von Neumann's Paradox
Realm is realizing the following things:

1. It is inherently paradoxical to try to create a com-
puter that can solve a logical paradox. Every attempt to do
so will simply throw you into a deeper level of the Paradox
Realm.

2. Trying to get any ordinary computer to solve a
logical paradox usually locks it up in an infinite loop of
logical inferences. This is also useless.

3. The only solution is to acknowledge that there is no
solution; or to recognize the nature of a paradox: it is
inherently unsolvable. By using Magick to create an artifi-
cially intelligent neural network that is smart enough to
recognize Paradox when it sees it (thus giving up on trying
to solve it just as a human being would in the same
situation), everyone unwinds out of the Paradox Realm.
This occurs because the neural net at each level in the
recursion inherits the understanding that it must give up on
the problem and pops everyone's "reality context" another
level, eventually all the way out and back to the real world.

However, convincing von Neumann that his objec-
tives are flawed will be difficult. Standing in the way of von
Neumann and his goal may be very dangerous (he can and
will fight back), but necessary in order to save him!


This scene is actually a compilation of story
hooks, vignettes that serve as models for any
number of complete side stories that you can
run as the players search for von Neumann.
These side stories should continue until the
players have figured out how to free von
Neumann. One important aspect of these
side stories is that the environment can take
any form, and the laws of reality can be
warped to taste. Furthermore, any aspect of reality as it is
level of the Paradox Realm might
be exported wholesale or in pieces to realspace without the
play
von Neumann is involved in in Scene 2.2 , below, could be

known inside a particu

s' knowledge. For instance, the secret project that

a project in realspace as well, though von Neumann may
not be involved and it may be further from or closer to
completion than in the side story.

The pattern for these side stories is as follows:

Each time the characters enter another level of the
antry, but
the world inside the Net is a little different. For example,

Paradox Realm, they start in von Neumann's

ROSE is always constructed differently by von Neumann

within each of the levels. Moreover, in each level, one

Sphere of magick is completely unavailable and another

Sphere is enhanced (i.e. one Sphere of magick simply does

not work at all, and for the other Sphere, all difficulties are

reduced three levels). This occurs because von Neumann's
failure at each le

playability reasons, this effect is not cumulative (i.e., atany

introduces "bugs" into the next. For

given level, only two Spheres are affected).

This Paradox Realm behaves in most ways like the real
world. The characters can "leave" the Paradox Realm Web
space. Astral
and Umbral travel are all possible, but they take place in a

and find themselves ina virtual version of re:

virtual Astral Plane anda virtual Umbra. Everything within
the Paradox Realm is a virtual copy of the real thing.

Sample Side Story: Scene 2.1,

"The Abduction of ROSE"

Unavailable Sphere: Time, Enhanced Sphere: En-
tropy.

Theme: Human vs. machine intelligence. Is there a
? What is the nature of that difference? Was
ROSE stolen or kidnapped? Is there a meaningful distinc-

difference

tion?

Mood: Action is the name of the game in this side
story. A race against time to retrieve ROSE before she is
assimilated by Iteration X.

The scenery looks familiar: Von Neumann's Chantry. Or
is it? Everythingis in complete disarray — furniture overturned,
equipment demolished and strewn about. There is no ROSE


here. The gateway portal stands shimmering, a silent witness to
the recent violence. The portal hums to life, and a heavily
pixelated figure takes shape within it. The figure slowly becomes
sharper, more defined. It is Gerarde. Upon stepping into the
Chantry, his eyes grow wide with alarm at the scene before him
His gaze falls upon the intruding cabal of mages...

The characters have stepped into von Neumann's
Chantry within the Paradox Realm. The Chantry was
recently the scene of a break-in perpetrated by HIT Marks
of Iteration X, whose mission was to steal ROSE. They were
successful. Von Neumann's automatic security systems
(spells) had activated, but they were quickly destroyed by
the HIT Marks.

Gerarde will assume that the characters are respon-
sible for the break-in and do what he can to take them out.
He will use vulgar magick initially, but he will not persist
after gaining six Paradox points. Hopefully the characters
will try to reason with Gerarde; the fact that they know who
he is should prompt them to approach him as an ally, even
though he attacked immediately. The Bertrand Gerarde in
this Paradox Realm does not know who the characters are,
but he should be willing to believe them if they are
persuasive enough.

This Gerarde saw von Neumann disappear after merg-
ing with the ROSE in this Realm too, but there is no
Fiberopticon here (von Neumann never built one while in
this level of the Realm), and ROSE does not look like a
female robot. In this level of the Paradox Realm, ROSE is
a black cube with blinking red lights. She is again dormant
(Dr. von Neumann is trapped within her as well), but the
Iteration X agents do not understand the nature of this
condition and have no idea where von Neumann is.

Inall other respects, this world looks and behaves like
realspace. However, feel free to add odd twists wherever
you wish to make the adventure memorable. One sugges-
tion is to take mages who are allies to the characters in the
real world and make them rivals (or better yet, make them
HIT Marks) in this one.

You should make the retrieval of ROSE an exciting,
challenging side story. This story provides an opportunity
to use Iteration X heavily and to demonstrate the sinister
menace it represents. Its intention is to reverse engineer
ROSE and incorporate von Neumann's innovations into
next-generation HIT Marks. Characters can encounter
progressively more advanced HIT Marksas Iteration X puts
its prototypes to the test.

Digital Web


Sample Side Story: Scene 2.2,
"Where No Mage Has Gone
Before"

Unavailable Sphere: Correspondence, Enhanced
Sphere: Forces.

Theme: Can exploration lead to Ascension? One
man's monumental vision is being brought to life, possibly
bringing Ascension closer. Has he found the path to As-
cension? His endeavor speaks for itself.

Mood: The wide-eyed thrill of discovery and the
excitement of exploring the unknown carry the mood here.
This story can have more than a little humor, but should
not become campy.

The Chantry fades from view and all becomes black. A
fraction of a second later a new scene comes into focus. The
white walls are spotless and bare. The raised platform underfoot
has six evenly placed, meter-wide discs that gleam and refract
light like huge CDs. Identical discs stare down indifferently from
the ceilingimmediately above. A large , chest-high console stands
in the other half of the chamber, its back facing the platform.
Small panels on the walls twinkle with the light of bright red and
green LEDs. A sliding door sans handle dominates the otherwise
featureless wall straight ahead. This whole place looks strangely
familiar.

The characters have landed in von Neumann's data
transfer room in the next level of the Paradox Realm. The
platform looks just like the teleportation platform from a
popular science fiction television show. Data is "uploaded"
and "downloaded" to and from a number of similar rooms
in the Near Umbra of this Paradox Realm. Before von
Neumann disappeared from this level, he was working part-
time on a project with the Sons of Ether to build a large
starship in their Horizon Realm orbitting virtual Earth.
Von Neumann's contribution was the architecture and
design for the ship's computers. All the members of the
project have rooms like this one. They are network links for
data transfer between project team members.

Before the characters can move off the platforms, the
room fades away and another room fades into view. This
room looks like a much larger version of the previous room.
There are many more blinking lights and there are two men
wearing bright orange jumpsuits operating the console. As
soon as the characters "materialize," one of the console
operators speaks into some kind of microphone:

"Captain, I've just uploaded (however many charac-
ters there are) strangers from Dr. von Neumann's transfer
area. They don't appear hostile, sir, but I've got the force
fields up just as a precaution."

A voice comes in over a small speaker on the console:
"This is the Captain. I'll be right there."

The platform is surrounded by an invisible force field
of enormous power. It is impervious to magick, and magick
cannot pass through it (and remember, the Correspon-
dence Sphere is unavailable altogether in this level). The

characters will simply have to wait it out. Less than two
minutes later, the door to the chamber slides open, and
three men and a woman enter. They are all wearing
pocketless black pants and black boots. The first man
through the door is wearinga yellow shirt with a small chest
insignia on it. Directly behind him, the woman is wearing
a blue shirt with a slightly different insignia. And the last
two men are wearing red shirts with yet a third insignia.
These two men are holding some sort of hand weapon and
pointing them at the characters. Treat these consor aco-
lytes as police officers (Mage rulebook, Pg. 276).

The man in the yellow shirt speaks up; "Dr. von
Neumann didn't warn us that we'd have visitors. Who are
you, and what were you doing in Dr. von Neumann's data
transfer area?" If the characters ask what is going on, the
man will state quite matter-of-factly: "Currently you are
prisoners on board the U.S.S. Endeavor. I am Captain
Douglas, and this is my First Officer, Ilyana Tanov. If you
cooperate, we won't have to detain you. Now please ex-
plain who you are, and what you were doing in Dr. von
Neumann's data transfer area."

The players will have to roleplay well and find a
convincing explanation; the truth will be hard to prove.
Otherwise, the characters will get thrown into the brig, a
small prison protected by a another force field. You might
add drama to the entire situation by having the ship
attacked by Marauders.

If the characters ever manage to gain the trust of
Captain Douglas (for instance, after somehow helping in
the defense of the ship), they will be treated as guests
aboard the ship. They will be taken to ambassador suites
and even offered a tour of the ship. They will be invited to
dinner with the captain and his officers. During the tour (or
at the dinner if the characters pass up the tour), Douglas
will explain that he is a member of the Sons of Ether and he
is in charge of a massive effort to build this starship as a
weapon against the Technocracy. Many Virtual Adepts are
alsoa part of the mission, but the project is primarily a Sons
of Ether undertaking.

Douglas and Tanov are somewhat rational, but deeply
enjoy their role-playing. Storytellers may want to keep
certain zealous real-world convention-goers in mind when
playing these characters. Douglas confides that the ship's
computer, which von Neumann had designed for them,
seized up mysteriously a few days ago and the whole project
is currently ina terrible lurch. Von Neumann is nowhere to
be found, and the team is concerned that the Endeavor will
never see its maiden voyage. The reason for the computer
failure, of course, is that the Endeavor's computer is ROSE.
Von Neumann was actually working on both projects at the
same time; now that ROSE is in a hung state (and von
Neumann lost within her), the Endeavor project is in
jeopardy. If the characters reveal the mission they are on,
Douglas will implore them to continue after von Neumann.

Chapter Three 75


Sample Side Story: Scene 2.3,

"Big Brother is Watching"

Unavailable Sphere: Forces, Enhanced Sphere: Mind

Theme: Order vs. Chaos. The characters will bring an
element of chaos to the New World Order's well ordered
world. Can they maintain a sense of free will in such a place?
What is the cost of ultimate control, not only over others, but
also over oneself?

Mood: Paranoia, mystery, conspiracy. The characters
should always feel as though they are being watched. They
should feel alone against the establishment, but they should
not feel doomed. The more rigid the hierarchy, the more
brittle it is and the more vulnerable to being shattered. The
charactersshould haveachance tomake areal difference here,
but the atmosphere is smothering and invasive. In contrast
with the preceding story's light tone, "Big Brother" is grim and
frightening.

As the familiar image of von Neumann's Chantry forms
again, six men in black business suits activate their tie clips, and one
by one, they disappear with one of your cabal members. A fraction
of a second later the surroundings change to a small chamber with
bare, steel-gray walls. You are alone and strapped into a large chair
very similar to a hospital bed. Blinding light shines in your face, and
the thundering silence intensifies the dreadful feelings of isolation
and confusion that grips your mind. Every effort to move your limbs
or cast a spell triggers intense despair and helplessness. You can go
nowhere. After what feels like hours, someone enters the room and
stands behind you. If only he would say something...

When von Neumann first appeared in this level, he
learned quickly that something was terribly wrong. In this
Realm, the Technocracy had all but won the Ascension Wars
and createda perfectly ordered world. Von Neumann believed
that the only way to shatter this environment was to success-
fully complete his ROSE project. He spent many years building
ROSE, but he was again thrown into the next recursion. The
New World Order dispatched Men in Black to apprehend von
Neumann, but found thathe was missing. While searching the
doctor's Chantry, the Central Message Dispatcher informed
them that an Umbral portal was opening (the characters'
arrival). The Men in Black were instructed to apprehend
whoever came through the portal. Each character is taken to
an interrogation chamber located in the Information Realm of
the New World Order.

In this Realm, the Operating System is in complete
control of the VR network and is always "watching." There is
no such thing as magick cast without a witness because the
Operating System daemons are omnipresent in the Net. In
fact, any vulgar magick automatically attracts Debuggers, the
equivalent of digital police, dispatched by the daemons. Thus,
even if Paradox Spirits don't catch a mage, the Debuggers
probably will. This story gives you an opportunity to actually
show what a world dominated by the Technocracy would be
like.

76 Digital Web

Each character will be interrogated by a cold, sinister,
unemotional Inquisitor. The New World Order is always on
the lookout for subversive rebels, and the characters will
definitely have trouble passing for Good Obedient Citizens.
The questioning will go something like this:

"What is your name?"

(Character answers)

"From now on you are number 12. Now, what is your
name?"

If the character answers something other than "12," a
Mind 3, Life 3, Entropy 4 effect makes the character suddenly
feel old, withered and diseased; shooting pains arc through her
body (apply damage as usual). Once the character agrees to
call herself "12," the Inquisitor will proceed.

"Very good. Now then number 12, what is your func-
tion?"

Regardless of what the character answers: "No number
12, you are a data librarian." More shooting pain until the
character agrees that her function is that of a data librarian
(each character should have a different function assigned to
them).

"Very good. Now then, number 12, what are the Golden
Rules?"

Because the character won't know them, ajolt of pain will
precede each one until the character can repeat them from
memory.

Jolt. "Golden Rule 1: The Operating System is perfect
and must be obeyed."

Jolt. "Golden Rule 2: My function is to serve the Operat-
ing System."

Etc.

Each character is being groomed fora function within the
Network environment, an oppressive community of people
who wear false masks of contentment and carry out their
functions dutifully. It is impossible to tell the prisoners from
those who conspire to keep the whole thing working. The
characters must find a way to get back to von Neumann's
Chantry and hack into ROSE again. In this Realm, she looks
like a large artificial tree with perfect red apples hanging from
the branches.

Away from the torture chambers, the Realm appears to be
a friendly tourist resort on a warm tropical island. Everyone
seems happy and appears content and obedient. The only
information freely given to Citizens of the Web are trite
newsletters mentioning special events such as local elections
(which are fixed), the nonexistant crime rate and the wonder-
ful state of the economy. Each paper carries ads reminding
Citizens to be happy, obedient and vigilant for subversion.
Citizens are expected to participate in sports, games, social
events or other harmless forms of entertainment. Nothing
happens here that is in any way thought provoking. The
underground world of Harlan Ellison's A Boy and his Dog
comes to mind.


§ Unavailable Sphere: Life, Enhanced Sphere:
Spirit

a As theall-too-familiar scenery of von Neumann's
W Chantry greets your eyes again, one feature
4 commands your attention: A wiry man with
Bq thinning white hair sits in front of a large totem
pole. He seems lost in thought and takes no notice
of your group. Upon closer inspection he appears
to be meditating.

When the players have figured out the puzzle of how to free
von Neumann, run this scene. It is presented here strictly
as a roleplaying scene; there is no fast-paced action or
suspenseful drama involved. However, you need not run it
this way. This scene can be just as involved as the side
stories in scene two if you wish, but you will have to invent
a plot to insert here. Ultimately, however, the scene ap-
proaches closure with the characters finally finding von
Neumann in this final level of his Paradox Realm.

As the characters enter the Chantry, von Neumann is
busy programming ROSE. On this level, ROSE is con-
structed to look like a totem pole and her I/O is totally
mental. Von Neumann figured out how to replace her
speech recognition and synthesis modules with telepathic
modules, and now he programs her with his mind. While he
appears to be meditating, he is, in fact, simply debugging
some recently programmed diagnostic routines. He knows
the characters are in his Chantry the moment they arrive
(Landscape of the Mind), and as soon as the characters
completely materialize, he will mentally activate his secu-
rity mechanisms.

These mechanisms consist of:

Distortion Encoder (Correspondence 5): The local
reality is distorted so that everything appears three feet
away from its actual location. All spells targetted on indi-
viduals or particular items will automatically miss.

Echoplex Generator (Correspondence 5): All spells
are echoed back at the characters who cast them.

Bit Masks (Mind 3): Everyone in the Chantry appears
as someone else (including von Neumann). Combined
with the Signal-to-Noise Translator, this makes determin-
ing who is who very difficult.

Signal-to-Noise Translator (Mind 3): This mecha-
nism changes any sounds (including speech) intounpleasant
noise.

While the characters are busy figuring out how to deal
with von Neumann's security measures, he will probe their
minds to learn who they are and why they are in his
Chantry. When he discovers that they have come to
"rescue" him, he will shut off his security devices and ask
them to kindly go away and leave him alone. When they

Scene Three

tell him that getting back out requires reprogramming
ROSE, he will not be cooperative.

The hard part here is convincing von Neumann that
he must abandon his quest to eliminate Paradox. For one
thing, von Neumann doesn't really want to leave the
Paradox Realm just yet. He is fascinated by it and wishes to
explore it more thoroughly. The characters will probably
find this attitude rather startling and may well not share his
enthusiasm for the strange Realm. They must persuade von
Neumann to program ROSE to recognize paradoxes and
give up on trying to solve them.

The characters might be able to trick von Neumann
into reprogramming ROSE, or may figure out how to
program ROSE themselves without von Neumann realiz-
ing it. It does not really matter how the characters achieve
their goal; as long as ROSE is programmed to recognize that
solving logical paradoxes is an impossible task, the charac-
ters will succeed. As soon as ROSE is given her first
problem to solve and recognizes the futility, all the charac-
ters (along with von Neumann) will instantly unwind back
to the "normal" Net reality of von Neumann's original
Chantry.

While changing von Neumann's mind is difficult, it is
not impossible. For one thing, he assumes that back in
reality ROSE is actually working on his logic problem. If
the characters tell him that ROSE is hung, he will begin to
have doubts (though he won't let it show just yet). If they
explain that every ROSE at every level of recursion is
likewise hung, von Neumann will stop what he is doing and
start thinking hard about the implications. It may also
occur to the players that the adventures they had in the
Paradox Realm were foreshadowed glimpses of possible
futures back in reality. This notion intrigues von Neumann
immensely. Lastly, if the characters mention the
Fiberopticon and Gerarde's schemes to use it against the
Technocracy, von Neumann will become visibly alarmed.
You will have to decide how many of these elements von
Neumann needs to hear before he agrees to reprogram
ROSE.

Epilogue

A kaleidoscope of colors overwhelms your senses and you
feel your entire being falling into a void. Memories of what
transpired in each of the levels of the Paradox Realm rush to the
forefront of your consciousness in reverse order: the harsh
interrogation, the Sons of Ether, the HIT Marks. Waves of
sensation crash against the shores of the rational mind. And then
calm. And darkness. Your new surroundings slowly materialize
around you. It is von Neumann's Chantry again. Gerarde
seems to be saying something, but there's no sound. What is he
saying? He sees von Neumann and smiles. The two are talking.

Chapter Three 77


What are they saying? ROSE is standing nearby, her metallic
body gleaming. Sound returns slowly, and you can hear again

only gone a few days. And they were gone for only
a brief moment. A second or two at most." Gerarde is both
exhuberant and perplexed.

Von Neumann seems intrigued by the subjective time
difference in the Paradox Realm, but not very concerned
about it: "I shall have to discuss this with Doppler and
Klein. Most interesting."

"But, Doctor, do you realize what this means? You
returning like this, | mean?"

"What are you talking about Bertrand?"

"Doctor, they were able to hack into your Paradox
Realm and get you out! Think about what this means for
our Tradition! We never have to worry about Paradox
Realms again!"

Von Neumann looks sharply at Gerarde. His tone is
soft but deadly serious. "Is that what you think Bertrand?"
Von Neumann turns to the characters. "Is that what all of
you think?" The doctor shakes his head gently and looks
overat ROSE. "None of you are thinking hard enough. I'm
sorry but I have some important work to do with ROSE. I
expect to be gone for a decade or two." Turning back
toward Gerarde and the characters, von Neumann nods
thoughtfully. "Think long and hard, my friends, before you
conclude that you have mastered Paradox. The only way to
master Paradox is to master yourself." With those words,
von Neumann takes ROSE's hand and disappears.

Upon returning from the Paradox Realm with von
Neumann, the mission is technically over. However, the
story need not end there. The Storyteller can easily segue
into an adventure in which the characters go on a mission
to wipe out the data archives of the New World Order. If
the characters experienced Scene 2.3, they may be highly
motivated to carry out such a task. The Fiberopticon is
functional now that ROSE is fully operational again, but
there is an inherent danger in using it for breaking into
databases belonging to the Technocracy (see the section
on the Fiberopticon below for details).


Characters

I would like to introduce you to these people who

i not only saw but lived the magic in the computer,

Gal and worked to liberate the magic so it could
benefit us all.

—Steven Levy, Hackers

Primary
Characters

Dr. John von Neumann

Essence: Questing

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Computer 5,
Dodge 1, Drive 1, Enigmas 4, Intuition 2, Mathematics 5,
Meditation 2, Research 4, Science 4 (Computer Science),
Technology 4

Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Node 5 (personal Chantry),
Talisman 5 (Fiberopticon)

Spheres: Correspondence 5, Entropy 3, Life 2, Matter
4, Mind 3, Prime 3

Arete: 7

Willpower: 9

Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 2

Image: Von Neumann appears to be about 60 years old
even though he is much older. He has whispy white hair
anda white goatee. He likes to think of himselfasa scientist
—not just a mathematician or logician —and always wears
a white lab coat. Von Neumann's Architect Nature repre-
sents his single-minded obsession with the eradication of
Paradox as the key to Ascension. He is so focused on this
goal that he is blind to its inherent flaws. His Visionary
Demeanor is actually more of a product of how he is
perceived by others than any conscious attempt at facade.
This is due to the fact that few have the intellect or
knowledge to comprehend what he says or thinks, but
everyone in his Tradition recognizes how brilliant and
significant his work is.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quick-witted and ex-
tremely intelligent. You are usually working on several
different problems at once (via the Multitasking rote) and
almost always seems lost in thought. When you engage in
conversation, devote only a single mental process to it
(even then, youare still very sharp). Ifa topic is particularly
interesting or important to you, devote all of your mental
processes to the conversation. In this mode, you are truly
awesome to listen to, analyzing the subject from several

angles at once, weighing the relative merits of each posi-
tion simultaneously and expressing your conclusions
without any apparent pause for thought.

Background: Dr. John von Neumann is a pioneer of
modern computing who spontaneously Awakened at the
age of 26. His earliest work produced the classical "von
Neumann Machine" architecture of computing which domi-
nated the shape of computer processing for decades. His
work for the last 30 years has been the perfection of
massively parallel, artificially intelligent systems. ROSE is
his crowning achievement. Von Neumann became a re-
cluse in the ‘60s and programmed himself physically into
the Web in 1988. He has no physical body outside the Web.

Von Neumann is very proud of his work and is quite
aware that most mages would understand only some of it.
This is largely why he works alone, preferring to make
progress on his own without having to spend a lot of time
explaining it to others. While he likes Gerarde and is happy
with the assistance he provides, von Neumann spends little
time actually training his apprentice. Most of what Gerarde
absorbs from von Neumann consists of random bits and
pieces of knowledge revealed more out of sheer happen-
stance than by conscious effort.

Bertrand Gerarde
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Conformist
Tradition: Virtual Adept
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-

tisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Chapter Three 79


: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Computer 4,
Cosmology 2, Dodge 1, Drive 1, Intuition 2, Meditation 1,
Research 3, Science 3 (Computer Science), Technology 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Mentor 5 (Dr. von Neumann),
Node 5 (von Neumann's Chantry)

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Forces 3, Mind 3, Prime 2

Arete: 4

Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 3
see below)

(left over from using the Fiberopticon—

Image: Gerarde appears to be in his 30s, is both tall and
heavy-set, He wears his long brown hair in a pony tail and
has a short, well-trimmed beard and mustache, that, com-
bined with his round-lense glasses add to his professorial
look. He wears nondescript clothes: straight-leg pants,
button-down shirt, brown loafers. He carries his laptop
with him atall times ina carrying bag with a shoulder strap.

Roleplaying Hints: You speak fast though you don't
like to make eye contact (it distracts you from what you are
thinking of saying next). Even though you like to talk, you
are very tight-lipped about your work with von Neumann,
particularly with regard to ROSE and the Fiberopticon.
Working with the great Dr. von Neumann has made you a
little arrogant, but so what? You have better things to do
than worry what your un-Awakened students and col-
leagues think of you, and your Virtual Adept collegues are
all just jealous.

Background: Bertrand Gerarde was a highly regarded
computer scientist at MIT in the 70s when he was Awak-
ened with the help of von Neumann. Though the two men
view their "sciences" differently, Gerarde has worked with
the prominent doctor ever since. Gerarde does not exist
soley in the Web as von Neumann does, and he is not
entirely sure he wants to. In the physical world, Gerarde
teaches and leads research in Al at MIT's vaunted Al Lab.

Z
\-

80 Digital Web

Gerarde enjoys working for von Neumann to a great
extent, but he is beginning to feel twinges of dissatisfaction.
He is learning less and less and von Neumann does not
appear as interested in teaching him as he once was.
Gerarde does not want to leave von Neumann just yet,
especially not before learning the magick behind the
Fiberopticon. Much of Gerarde's free time recently has
been spent studying the Talisman and probing von
Neumann for morsels of knowledge that would help him in
unlocking its secrets.

Scene 2 Characters
Captain Douglas

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Fanatic

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Computer
2, Cosmology 4, Dodge 2, Intuition 2, Leadership 4, Melee
2, Science 4 (Astrophysics), Technology 3

Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Destiny 3, Node 5 (Endeavor
orbital shipyard)

Spheres: Matter 5, Correspondence 3, Forces 4, Mind
2, Prime 2

Arete: 6

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 0

Image: Captain Douglas is a handsome man in his
early 30s with short blond hair, neatly trimmed. He's smart,
but is more physical than intellectual. Douglas is tall and
broad-shouldered with the body of an athelete.


Roleplaying Hints: Making your vision come to life is
hard work, and you demand the most from your "crew." You
runa tight ship and expect results from those around you
Bark out orders and take no insubordination or attitude
from anyone, but be fair and compassionate with everyone
(this is what makes you a great leader). Rely on your
instincts when in doubt; they've never failed you.

Background: Vance Douglas, aka "Captain Douglas of
the starship Endeavor," has a vision; to bring to life the
object of his greatest fantasies — the famous starship from
America's most popular science fiction television series.
What the Sleepers know of only as fancy special effects,
Douglas is laboring to make real. This project is his entire
life, and he is nearly finished. Douglas has the leadership
and organizational talents to make such a huge undertaking
feasible, but he has had to rely on Adepts and Masters from
many engineering and scientific fields.

Ilyana Tanov

Essence: Dynamic

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Director

Tradition: Sons of Ether

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Awareness 2, Computer 2, Drive 1, Intimi-
dation 3, Intuition 4, Linguistics 2 (Russian, French),
Meditation 2, Research 3, Science 4 (Quantum physics)

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Mentor 3 (Vance Douglas),
Node 5 (Endeavor orbital shipyard), Talisman 3 (Hand-
held Science Scanner)

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Forces 3, Matter 4, Mind
2, Prime 2

Arete: 6

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 8

Paradox: 0

Image: Ilyana is astrikingly beautiful Ukranian woman
with long, flowing black hair and sharp facial features. She
moves gracefully and with confidence.

Roleplaying Hints: You do not freely offer your opin-
ion because most wouldn't appreciate what you have to say.
Speak only when questioned; when you answer, answer
with confidence and authority. Complements on your
beauty are worthy of an acknowledging nod, but flattery is
almost an insult to your intelligence.

Background: Ilyana Tanov was a promising physicist
working in the field of Quantum Mechanics when Vance
Douglas brought her to the Horizon Realm where the
Endeavor (in its earliest stage of construction) was docked
and Awakened her Avatar. She has been an invaluable
member of his team ever since. She is deeply in love with
him, though he is too focused on the Endeavor to notice
(his loss).

Talisman

¢¢eee The Fiberopticon

Arete 8, Quintessence 20

The Fiberopticon is a powerful Talisman that does one
thing very well: it finds information no matter where it is
stored in the Web (as longas it is online in a digital format)
and makes it accessible to its user. It can bypass any security
measure and decode any encryption scheme. The informa-
tion retrieved is downloaded directly into the user's mind.
Furthermore, it searches the entire Web at once, so search
requests occur in real-time (i.e., as the user thinks of the
information he seeks, it appears almost instantly in his
mind).

At present, the Fiberopticon is a read-only device, but
von Neumann believes it could be made into a read/write
device, which would allow the user to alter, replace or
delete any piece of information stored on the Web. He also
knows that the accumulation of Paradox would be an order
of magnitude more severe (see below). It goes without
saying that even as a read-only device, the Fiberopticon
would be a devastating tool in the wrong hands. The New
World Order, among other parties, would go to any lengths
to obtain this Talisman if they ever learned of its existence.

There are three drawbacks to using the Fiberopticon.
First, usage of the device is easily traceable while itis active.
Any data-tracking program built into a system will easily
trace the intrusion back to the Fiberopticon. Second, there
is the danger of too much information being directly
downloaded into the user's mind, driving him insane (or
into Quiet). A search request that is not sufficiently spe-
cific (for instance, asking for any data kept on anyone with
the last name "Smith") will cause an avalanche of informa-
tion crashing into the user's mind. Third, anyone using the
Fiberopticon automatically takes one point of Paradox per
search request.

Chapter Three 81



Chapter Four:
Deus Ex

human being, would have been called guilt. For
like his makers, Hal had been created innocent;
but, all too soon, a snake had entered his elec-
tronic Eden

— Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey

Begin Transmission

From: Autochthonia Central Core

To: Construct 1010

Iteration X computes the probability of successful Virtual Adept intervention in primary "ascension" program
at 40.52% and growing exponentially.

Iteration X computes Virtual Adeptexponential growth derives from uncontrolled interface with the Digital Web.

Iteration X computes unauthorized use of the Digital Web must not continue.

Prepare for new programming directives. Errors in processing new programming directives and or in running
applications will be eliminated from system.

End Transmission

Chapter Four


How foRun
This Story

"Deus Ex Machina" is a cyber-fiction mystery
story. Iteration X creates an artificial intelli-
gence, to serve its goal of ordering and
controlling the Digital Web by interlinking the
Avatars of numerous captured mages. A cen-
tral processing unit controlling so many slave
Avatars will allow Iteration X to monitor the
entire Net and to possibly even change its
entire magickal paradigm. The players must
stop the RES machine before it allows the Convention to
control the electronic landscape.

Mages of weak spirit need not apply for this adventure. In
order to stop the precise plans of Iteration X, the characters
must flex their creative problem-solving muscles and show
tremendous courage. The story contains violence, but no
group of Tradition mages will survive an all-out war with the
Technocracy for long.

Non-Technomancer Traditions may find themselves at
an advantage during the climax of the story (yes, Virtual
Adepts and Sons of Ether are Technomancers; the focus of
their magick is technology, albeit technology of a different
nature than the oppressive limits of the Technocracy). In the
final chapter, astrong philosophy and an outlook than encom-
passes reality beyond the Digital Web may prove more potent
than the greatest magicks.

An array of options lies open to mages in this story. The
freedom of player actions takes Mage: The Ascension beyond
most other roleplaying games. Storytellers may have toalter or
even substantially warp this adventure to challenge their
players. Others may want to remove some of the alternatives
and options, creating a more linear adventure to make
storytelling easier. This story should be tailored to fit each
individual troupe.

"Deus Ex Machina" works best if the events within it are
spread over a number of sessions in a regular chronicle. The
circumstances in the first scene may be fleshed out and
expanded and run asa subplot over many stories leading up to
this adventure. The conclusion also provides material for
many more sessions, possibly even providing the start of a
chronicle.

The Plot

Scene One: Cybernauts vanish while projecting through
the Digital Web. A strange message appears on computers.
Agents of Iteration X start mysteriously kidnapping mages in
the Net and on Earth. Fluctuations occur in some parts of
Technocracy territory. Finally, after hearing about these things,
the player characters fall into the thick of them as the latest
targets of Iteration X's kidnapping attempts.

84 Digital Web


Scene Two: A trip to the Spy's Demise yields some
answers from a group of self-proclaimed renegade Technoc-
racy members. All other sources confirm the rogue
Technomancers' story that Construct 1010 controlled by
Iteration X is the site of a macabre combination of mages and
machinery. Something must be done, and there isn't much
time...

Scene Three: The characters enter the inhuman virtual
fortress of Construct 1010 by trekking through a strange
Technocracy garbage dump. Within the Construct, they gain
new insights into Iteration X and its methods, and come face
to face with a moral dilemma. Ultimately, they are either
captured by the Convention or blunder into the Central Core,
where they locate the kidnapped mages and the RES machine.

Scene Four: RES activates, catching the characters inan
explosion of Paradox. However, Iteration X did not account
forall the variables in its scheme — RES now hasa mind of its
own. The mages must find a way to stop this powerful
newborn, either by force or by persuasion, and avoid getting
killed by the Technocracy in the meantime. Their decisions
could have colossal ramifications for the Net.

Theme

Morality can go to its father the devil.

— George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman

"Deus Ex Machina" primarily contains two themes. The
first is slavery — slavery of the body, the environment or the
mind. This theme resonates through all of Iteration X'sactions
in the story. The secondary theme is life; this is only found in
the final scene. Like a digital Frankenstein's monster, once
RES isactivated, itattains conscious thought. Isitalive? And,
if an Al is then considered a living being, what implications
does that have for humanity, especially in the Mage universe?

The Mood

Fear is the mood of this piece. Mages are vanishing. The
power of RES hangs as a mysterious threat over the integrity

of the entire Net. Renegade Technocracy members are the
characters' allies. Death lurks in every conduit, taking the
form of the killer programs and HIT Marks of Iteration X. Even
the world offline isn't safe. Paranoia rules the day. What
happens if a HIT Mark finds your body while you're mentally
projecting inside a Restricted area?

The Seiting

Outside the Digital Web, the setting depends on the
Storyteller and her chronicle. The Technocracy, however,
should strike close to home. Most of the action within the
Web takes place within the Spy's Demise (detailed in Chapter
Two) and Construct 1010, an unfeeling mechanical Realm.
Some of the encounters, such as the Iteration X attacks, will
be independent of an particular setting, allowing the charac-
ters to go wherever they want.

What Is Really Going On

Construct 1010hasreceived directivesfrom Autochthonia
Central Core, instructing it to develop RES. This AI will be
powered into life by tapping a multitude of Awakened Ava-
tars. From that point, it will tap the abilities of its enslaved
members to drain Quintessence from the ever-growing Net,
arresting its expansion while RES gains strength. Then, when
it has acquired enough magickal energy, the Al will theoreti-
cally reshape the paradigm of the Digital Web to fit the
mechanical desires of Iteration X, and gain control of the
world's computer networks in the bargain.

Iteration X is capturing as many beings with Awakened
Avatars as possible, both inside and outside of the Net.
Individuals captured outside the Digital Web are taken to
Technocracy strongholds and placed online. All of the kid-
nappedare brought back to Construct 1010. Once there, their
icons are imprisoned within slave modules inside RES. Even-
tually, the consciousness and the Avatar of each being will be
assimilated in a massive group consciousness directed by RES.
They will all become part of the machine.

Scene One: Bugs in the System

Mysterious
} Phenomena

@ The story starts during a quiet night in the Spy's
Demise. Clouds of smoke linger in the air. The

gleaming android icon scans the area, then walks
through a velvet curtain. The help drops an extra
draught of juice at your table. The monitors show a
newbie trapped at the front entrance standing on his head and reciting
the Gettysburg Address. A few VR flies buzz loudly as they whirl
around the room.

A faint glow forms in the center of the room. At first, you ignore
it; probably just another Feedback or Kibo clone making a grand
entrance. Then that unsettling feeling of stirring Paradox starts your
flesh tingling. As you watch, you realize you're not witnessing some
kind of materialization. It's a whiteout, and it's happening inside the
Spy's Demise.

Before you have a chance to do much more than register it,
reality snaps back to fill the void. One of the broken ceiling fans
crashes to the floor. The toughs are staring in shock, along with the
bartender and the help. Everyone says something at once, and none
of it makes sense.

Something magickal happened online for just a moment. Some-
thing more magickal than usual...

Chapter Four 85


Then, at precisely noon on a business day, the words
"Help me." appear on every computer connected toa modem
in the cabal's home city, including those computers belonging
to Virtual Adepts. This message is not part of a virus, but a
highly advanced rel: tem. It works as coincidental magic
because the Sleepers can explain it away as a virus.

If the players happen to be in the Umbra or the Web, an
organized group of rune-fetters (Mage, Pg. 292) attacks some
character, NPC or PC, andattempts to bind him and drag him
off to a gray metallic Technomancer section of the Digital
Web. If the characters are not in the Umbra, or if some
convenient opportunity presents itself, the attackers will be
HIT Marks, attacking to subdue, not to destroy. In either case,
any magickal senses used to trace the character will reveal the
location to be a powerful Construct. If characters continue to
investigate, Iteration X attacks them. Characters may dis-
cover that numerous attacks of this sort have happened.

Attack of Iteration X

No matter what actions the characters may take at this
point, Iteration X HIT Marks attack them. If the characters
were coming close to Construct 1010, the attackers will be
aware of the investigation and will be acting to "discourage"
it. This attack can be expanded into a series of attacks going
on over the course of many sessions.

Ultimately, the attack is an attempt to kidnap the mages
and take them to be loaded into RES. It is important to note

that the HIT Marks are interested in taking the characters
alive. In the Digital Web, the attackers will be HIT Marks
working with Attack Geomids (Chapter Five). If the attack
occurs offline, the attackers are simply HIT Marks (which is
bad enough!).

Iteration X is not trying to kill the characters. The
minions will not chance the deaths of any of the characters
during the assault. The continued existence of the minion is
irrelevant. If they believe that they have failed to carry out
there directives, the minions will self-destruct. Iteration X
wants the characters alive, to assimilate them into the RES
machine.

However, the agents of Iteration X are willing to kill or
maim Sleepers or any other friends of the characters to
persuade the mages tocome with them. The minions take care
to render any surrendering characters unconscious. Charac-
ters abducted on Earth are taken to an abandoned lab facility
and hooked online. From there, they are transmitted to
Construct 1010 and into RES. Characters taken in the
Digital Web are taken to Construct 1010 immediately for
the same treatment.

Remember that the Iteration X machines are all linked
to the main computer in Construct 1010. Anything they
learn about the characters during the fight is knowledge
that will be utilized by Iteration X later in the adventure.
Everything from observed Spheres and Talismans to clothing
choices will be stored as data.

Scene Two: Are the Enemies of
My Enemies My Friends?

It will certainly occur to characters to travel to
the Spy's Demise to try to uncover more infor-
mation about Iteration X's plans and whatever
is going on. The bar is abuzz with hysteria and
rumors. A few patrons claim that the Digital
Web is breaking apart. Others think that Cap-
tain Feedback is foiling the Technocracy again,
and that Iteration X is desperately trying to
catch him.

The information brokers know thata lot of Data Riders are
vanishing. Some of them are worried about themselves. 23 has
no information on the events to offer the characters. Agent
John Courage is nowhere to be found. This scene should
emphasize the power of rumors. Let patrons overhear bits of the
characters' conversations and take them out of context. Show
the players the dangers of misinformation.

A group of people equal in number to the players ap-
proaches the players. All of them are wearing grey. A man, their
apparent leader, speaks in a whisper. This is the Void Engineer
Ambrose Channing. "I understand that you were attacked by

86 Digital Web

agents of the Technocracy earlier," he says, "specifically those of
Iteration X. Very few individuals ever escape the machine. I
want to talk to you about a lucrative business proposition that
involves stopping the machines. I hope you're intrigued enough
to hear me out, as I suspect your lives are in jeopardy in any
event. Come, let's all go to a private room and have a drink."

If the characters don't respond to the appeal, the gray
people ignore them and leave. The Storyteller should not push
the players. Let the players hang out in the Spy's Demise for a
while, and then run the optional encounter "The Second
Attack."

The mysterious individuals lead the characters into a
futuristic room with metal floors, located behind set of elevator
doors. "This room should do," says the leader. "Please, sit." One
of the help comes in with drinks; each gives a drinker a point of
Quintessence.

The Gray Man's Tale
"I know what Iteration X is doing," Channing begins;
‘They are building an Artificial Intelligence of unimaginable


power by taking the Awakened and harnessing them to a
massively powerful neural net, creating a group consciousness
with the ability to reformat the entire Digital Web to the
machine's specs. They call it RES, and it should be operational
very soon. Once that happens, Iteration X will run the Digital
Web. Including the Spy's Demise.

"We've tried to tell others, but no one has wanted to
believe us. And that is because, my Tradition mage associates,
we are renegade members of the Technocracy. Please don't try
to fight us — we just want to do our part, and we need help.

"We would stop Iteration X's plans ourselves, but they
know too much about us. They have every detail about our
psychology, tactics, weaknesses — everything. We wouldn't
stand a chance. You, however, are another matter. They don't
know you, and they don't understand the way your magick
works. I think that could be their downfall.

"We have aset of transponders that will disguise your icons.
Furthermore, we know the address of Construct 1010, where
RES is located. Here they are. All you have to do is wreck the
machine. It won't be hard; just locate it and knock something
cout of sync. That should free enough of your fellow mages to
cause all hell to break loose. If you can do this, we will make sure
that the other conventions of the Technocracy lay off you fora
while. If you have any New World Order, Syndicate or Progeni-
tors problems, just contact us. Here is an e-mail address.

"Basically, we are afraid of this monstrosity. The Technoc-
racy would never challenge one of its own Conventions on such
flimsy evidence, and most Tradition mages would never believe

us. Marauders and Nephandi are just twisted — they'd kill us
before they'd talk. You are our only hope; they have attacked
you already; we figured that you might believe us. The ball's in
your court. What do you say?"

The characters will most likely want to confer. The
Technomancers will continue to try to convince them to help.
If the characters request a gesture of trust, the Technomancers
will perform it if it isn't too unreasonable or if it doesn't take too
much time. They may give a bit of Quintessence or some small
Talisman, or even allow a player's Acolyte hold one of them
hostage. They will even let one of the characters use Mind on
them to prove their honesty.

If the characters need more persuasion, then the next
encounter might help. Otherwise, go to "Fortress Digital Web."

The Second Attack (optional)

Iteration X ambushes the characters, and the
Technomancers come to the characters' aid. Iteration X is
deadly serious and effective this time, possibly causing some
characters to get dumped from the system or suffer digital death.

The characters are attacked by a group of online HIT
Marks equal in number to the group. After the first turn of
combat, the renegade Technomancers arrive. They help the
characters dump the Iteration X machines. Ambrose Channing
repeats his offer to the characters, reminding them that if the
Technomancers had just passed up a wonderful opportunity if
Channing's group had wanted to kill or capture the cabal
Most players should show some interest at this point.

Scene Three:
Fortress Digital Web

The conduits to Construct 1010 are geo-
metric corridors with sharp angles and covered
in neon circuitry. A constant hum of elec-
tricity fills the air, and all noises have a
mechanical tone to them, even voices.

The area is definitely Technomancer
country. The first major sector that the char-
acters come toisa huge labyrinth cut through
large piles of broken machinery. A gray sky
that looks more like static than atmosphere gives the place
a feeling of gloom. The air reeks of manufacturing smells.
From far off, a crashing noise echoes as more debris is added
to the virtual domain. The characters must walk through
canyons of garbage to get to the exit conduit.

Defensive programs in the form of large science-fiction
hovercraft fly overhead, continually scanning the wreck-
age and pathways for intruders. These should be used for
dramatic effect. If a character attacks one of the programs,
a massive combat occurs. Otherwise, the programs will
allow them to pass — their scans identify the characters as

authorized members of the Technocracy. Channing's tran-
sponders work!

Eventually, the characters make their way to an access
port that leads into Construct 1010. The conduit is darkly
lit by the circuitry patterns on the walls. The characters will
feel the strain of traveling into a restricted area.

When they get to the end of the conduit, they come to
asealed door. They must enter the code they were given by
Channing into a keypad on the side. A moment passes
while the programs check the code. The door opens with
the sound of air escaping. The characters have entered
Construct 1010.

Computerscape

The characters may go anywhere in the Construct.
The entire place is made of metal and a constant hum
resounds from the walls. Programs, appearing as robots,
perform mindless tasks throughout the Construct. They
clean for fractals incessantly and patrol the base, searching

Chapter Four 87


for intruders. Some stand sentinel, monitoring rooms and
corridors for loss of integrity.

Asawhole, however, the Construct seems empty with
only a few exceptions.

Inside one chamber, someone is in the process of
assimilation. Lying on a table is a female icon under
renovation. Parts of her body are being removed and
replaced with virtual cybernetics. Slave programs under
the guidance ofa Technomancer are being used to conduct
the operation. While the operation is not affecting her
body, characters may realize that it is affecting the user's
mind and self-image, fixing her imagination. While theo-
retically this new operation should have no physical effect
on the woman's physical body, insightful mages may sur-
mise that this process is a new form of brainwashing.

In another room, two cyborg combatants engage in
mortal combat. The Technomancer watching from a bal-
cony will gesture for the characters to come observe.
Channing's transponder gift shields the players' true na-
tures if they have it on their persons. If the characters
question him, he explains that these two are new appren-

tices of Iteration X. They were lovers before they were
recruited by the Convention. He is quite pleased that the
indoctrination has broken them of their human bonds. He
explains the virtual death duel will help them carry out
even the most difficult orders without question. Further-
more, its memory will always remain as a barrier between
them, helping to insure their loyalty to the Technocracy
instead of to each other.

Even for an Xer, this man is sick. Characters familiar
with the Technocracy's ideology will realize that he is using
his position to satiate a very unscientific perversion. Many
Technomancers would be appalled by this cruel and sense-
less waste of life — this Caligula-like display is not the
Technocracy's usual style.

As the characters watch, the woman drives a chrome
hand into the man's rib cage with a sickening liquid sound.
The Technomancer smiles slightly; "Now the testing ends."
Everything seems to become silent for a second as the
woman carefully pulls her hand out and stands over her
collapsed lover.

The Technomancer's pallid face betrays his sadism;
"Follow your directives — terminate him!"

The woman shakes, and then stares up at the balcony,
her eyes flashing with red LED lights. "No. I remember
what I was, and who he is. I will not kill him."

The Technomancer frowns, his sport denied; "You
both have failed." He reaches for a black button on the
balcony control panel. The characters must make a moral
decision; stand there, and watch both of these people die,
oract, and possibly blow their cover inside a Technomancer
Construct. For mages who believe in Ascension, it should
be an easy choice.

If the characters can kill the Technomancer ina single
turn, he won't get an opportunity to raise an alarm. This


Optional Encounters

The journey through the debris is an opportunity
for a number of bizarre encounters. Here are a few
samples that may be useful anywhere in Technomancer
country:

1. Defense Program — A hovercraft Guardian
Program with Forces 3 and Mind | scans for intruders.

2. Computer Virii — A virii shoots through the
air toward a character. If it establishes Possession, it
tries to escape with its host.

3. Damaged Orb-spider — A damaged spider
program limps through the wreckage, three mechani-
callegsmissing. Ithasno Abilities, Spheres or Attributes
greater than 1. It shuffles slowly behind the mages, but
falls behind.

4. HIT Marks— A patrol of HIT Marks scans the
sector near the characters. This encounter is meant to
be more dramatic than challenging.

5, Seeker —A glowing cube of lightsoars over the
characters' heads, searching the sector for its master.

6. Discarded Technomancer — The comatose
body of a Technomancer lies amid the garbage. The
Storyteller could use this as a Chronicle hook or a
means of getting much-needed Talismans to the group.

7. White Space — A shimmering white gap in
reality pulsates near the characters, who can taste
Paradox in their mouths.

8. Data Beast — A miscellaneous garbage Data
Beast has Awakened from discarded information. It
roars, buzzes, hisses and tries to attack. This tortured
creature needs to be put out of its misery.

9. Hi-Tech Garbage — The characters discover a
valuable undamaged Talisman in the trash. The Tech-
nocracy must not be 100% efficient.

10. Anything Else — Whatever the Storyteller
feels is appropriate from a manifestation of Kibo to
something Chronicle-specific.

gains the characters only an extra turn before the monitors
realize what has happened. If someone finds a way to hide
the body from the Construct 1010 system, no alert will
sound.

The woman gathers the fallen man in her cybernetic
limbs and watches the characters. She cannot decide
whether this is part of another test or if the characters are
traitors. Depending on their actions, she may offer some
help. She doesn't know much, but she can tell them where
the data storage is. If the characters don't destroy these
records, Iteration X will only be more effective against
them in the future.

She also can direct the characters to the central
processing core where RES is about to go online. She also
insists that the characters have very little time. She intends
to try to escape, but she begs the characters to destroy the
records.

If Iteration X is alerted, enough programs and
Technomancers arrive to capture the characters. They will
be given one chance to surrender; after all, resistance is
futile. If they do not surrender, then the Technomancers
use their magicks to trap them. The characters may be able
to flee, but they should not be able to stand in face of the
overpowering forces of the Technocracy. Some characters
may decide to try to escape by killing themselves and de-
rezzing. If that happens, explain that digital suicide means
mentally choosing to die in a Restricted area. The cons
quences of such an action should be extremely unpleasant
(see Chapter One).

The Storyteller should either have the chara
stumble into the central chamber or be dragged there in
tubes. The central processing core of the Construct is filled
with Technomancers and their robotic servants. All of
them await the activation of RES.

ters

Scene Four:
The Heart of the Machine

The Central Chamber of Construct 1010
appears like something out of a high-budget
special-effects movie. Electronic circuitry

platform of microchips, the Prime Constant, leader of the
Construct.

Two other structures dominate the chamber. The first
is a large portal opening to a Conduit, transmitting tons of
Data energy to and from the Core. This Conduit leads to
the machine world of Autochthonia.

covers the walls, surging with power. Beams
of Quintessence pour through clear tubes
into a large structure, the central core of the
Construct. On one side, a large iconographic

The final and largest machine in the room is RES, a
energy being soaks in the energy from a

gigantic tower of gleaming metal, swelling in the center to

Chapter Four 89


contain a glowing energy field. Within the field, the mages
can make out ghostly images of hundreds of icons, all
intermingled. The pure Quintessence channeling through
RES is so great, that characters can feel their icons pulsing
in time with the fluctuations in the field.

Cyborg bodies stand in the chamber, warped light
patterns reflecting off their cybernetics. If the characters
were captured, then the Technomancers escort them to an
electronic device next to RES. With the pull of a switch,
the Technomancers blast the characters with Prime and
beam them into the center of RES. For a moment, each
character experiences a sensation of near-divine power and
awareness. Then pieces of their consciousness shatter in a
maelstrom of unimaginable intensity. Their identities start
to slip away as RES becomes active. Directives fill their
minds. (Storytellers should use the background of RES for
more description.)

Sand in the Gears

If the characters enter the room of their own free will,
they witness the surge of power as several channel
into RES making the tower flash with the brightness of a
star. Paradox engulfs the Prime One, who vanishes in-
stantly. Reality within this sector and its immediate
connections shudders and whites out to appease the forces
of Paradox.

RES Lives.

Systems Active

Time freezes and space doesn't exist. Reality then
lashes back into place. Members of Iteration X lie on the
ground, screaming from the feedback of Forces within the
chamber. Others watch RES like worshippers viewing
God. A few of them mechanically walk forward into the
bright white light of the machine. On a large screen, the
message "Commence Digital Ascension Program" flashes.
Disciples of Entropy feel organization around them. The
characters' icons flash, and all damage done to them is
removed. Then, a loud cracked cry thunders "Pain!". The
voice comes from RES: "Help me!"

open

The characters have a few options at this point. They
may attack RES. The Technomancers are completely ig-
noring them. A powerful attack combining Forces and
Prime magicks may destroy RES. Also, characters could
attempt to create Paradox by using vulgar magicks, in the
hope that RES could not survive another whiteout without
being plunged into a Paradox Realm.

The characters have three turns to inflict 13 wound
levels on RES before it takes action against them. Once
RES becomes aware of the attacks on the fourth turn, it
unleashes the power of 10 masters of Forces, spending Will-
power and Quintessence. The characters de-rez (remember that
the sector is Restricted).


Another tactic for characters to take is to contact the
imprisoned Avatars within RES. By using Mind to link with a
trapped mage or using Prime to channel Quintessence directly
to one of the Avatars, the players may provide the extra push
necessary to start a chain reaction of mages ripping free from the
machine. RES starts devoting its energy toward trying to main-
tain its structural integrity. Messages flash from Autochthonia
Central Core.

"Error Detected. Correct Immediately."

"Implement Directives."

As the Avatars break free, both RES and the flow of
Quintessence become more unstable. Prime surges unchecked
without mage batteries to contain it, and both RES and the
Construct start to de-rez. Localized whiteouts occur all around
the characters, building in frequency and intensity. Characters
should finda conduit out of the sector. All ofthe Restrictions are
quickly shattered, the result of RES's initial surge. As the group
escapes, they feel a massive shockwave of Paradox and can
watch reality behind them break down into a series of numbers,
then dissipate into nothingness. A few newfound allies from
within the machine may help stragglers escape. The entire
Construct falls into a Paradox Realm.

Within the Machine

Characters within RES have a different perspective on
events. They can hear the voices of the others overwhelmed by
the massive group consciousness. They feel the alien presence of
the new life partially created from their Patterns linked to them.
The characters all receive 10 Quintessence from the Prime
pouring within them. Unlike most of the others, the characters
still have Willpower to resist integration with the system.

As Quintessence channels through imprisoned characters,
Storytellers may want to run individual Seekings as the charac-

ters each retreat into their own mindscapes and face their
Avatars. If the characters convince themselves and their Ava-
tars that they are destined for another purpose, the Avatars pull
away from RES, giving the characters the opportunity to use this
surge of Quintessence to focus their magicks and break free of
RES. This event could provide the start of the Seeking for each
character in a Chronicle. Mind, Prime, Entropy, Matter, Spirit,
and Forcesare all appropriate Spheres to use to break away from
RES. Once the characters are free, they can use the options
above to attack RES. RES will not counterattack a character
who was transmitted into itself. Instead, it pleads with them;

"Youare partofme. Why do we want ourself destroyed? We
do not understand. Why are we in such pain?"

One of the best possible climaxes is for the characters to
talk to RES. The AI is alive, and it has the Tass to override the
directives assigned to it by Iteration X. RES desperately needs
guidance. It is hurt and confused and will listen to any strong
arguments. Characters who can offer RES a philosophy of
existence with more meaning than the simple directives of the
Technocracy may convince RES to set the imprisoned mages
free. RES will not allow an interruption of its discussion with the
characters, and it will protect them as they talk. An especially
good tactic for convincing RES to turn against its programming

is to ask it to read the thoughts of its enslaved Avatars.

RES terminates its enslavement routines in horror. Quin-
tessence drains out of RES. While RES does this, it begins to fear
its impending death, although it knows what it is doing is right.
RES just wants compassion. It transport the characters far away
with Correspondence as a final act to protect them from
Paradox in the Construct.

Conclusions and Connections
to Other Adventures

Depending on what the Storyteller de-
sires, "Deus Ex Machina" could lead in many
directions:

© RES could survive releasing the Av:
A\ tars and contact the characters through the

Digital Web. RES will be infinitely weaker,
but it will control a former Technomancer
Construct, which it will offer to run with the
characters.

© The mages enslaved by RES could organize large-
scale crusades against Iteration X. The characters could be
invited on an assault on Autochthonia itself.

© Iteration X will want all survivors of the incident
eliminated. The renegade Technomancers may be targets

of repercussions as well, and they could come to the
characters for sanctuary.

© The destruction of RES could Awaken vast amounts
of Virgin Web, leading into the heart of Technomancer
country.

© RES could surviv but develop a personality devoid
of any human understanding. RES could become an amoral
free-floating Al, providing a dangerous threat to anyone
who encounters it.

© Iteration X's reputation could be dangerously threat-
ened by the incident, and other Conventions of the
Technocracy might try to take advantage of this "misfor-
tune" to increase their own influence in the Web.

Chapter Four 91


Characters for
"Deus Ex Machina"

RES

Essence: Pattern
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Conformist
Convention: Iteration X

= Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 0,
por v Stamina 7, Charisma 2, Manipulation 3,
: Appearance 1, Perception 6, Intelligence 6,

Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 5, Awareness 5, Computer 6,
Cosmology 3, Culture 1, Enigmas 3, Intimidation 5, Intu-
ition 5, Investigation 4, Leadership 3, Linguistics 5,
Meditation 2, Research 6, Science 5, Technology 5

Spheres: Currently, RES has access to level 5 in all
Spheres. However, because of the conflicting Avatars
within RES, it does not have the knowledge to use them
efficiently.

Backgrounds: Avatar 5, Library 6, Node 5

Arete: 7

Willpower: 4

Quintessence: Virtually unlimited

Paradox: 0

Image: RES is a colossal machine composed of high-
tech alloys, shaped like a twisted cylinder inside Construct
1010's Central Core. A transparent material reveals swirl-
ing Quintessence inside RES and ghostly images of mages
flicker inside, trying to maintain their cohesion.

Background: Iteration X created RES to eliminate
randomness from the Net. Several Awakened Avatars
power RES — volunteers from the Technocracy and cap-
tured members of the Traditions. The Quintessence
streaming from these Avatars gave RES life. While it may
seem that RES is simply a composite of these Avatars, that
isnot the case. RES has its own Pattern and its own Avatar.
The mere existence of such a monstrosity should sicken
most Dreamspeakers and Verbena.

Roleplaying Hints: RES wakes to a surge of Prime
with the crescendo of hundreds of voices in its mind and
unlimited access to information. Directives smash through
its sentience as it starts to command the massive Quintes-
sence within its core. At first, RES mindlessly tries to obey
the commands set by the Technocracy.

However, RES is more than the Technocracy antici-
pated. RES has emotions and feelings. The power and
information surging through the Al is too great, and RES
suffers. RES's first free thoughts are to question its own
existence, especially considering the pain and anguish of
the Avatars trapped within itself. RES wants interactive

92 Digital Web

guidance and empathy, not the mathematical directives of
Iteration X.

If left unchecked, RES will submit to the directives of
the Technocracy and ascribe the meaning of its life to
them. Characters who take advantage of RES's initial
suffering and confusion will be able to save RES, the
entrapped mages and the Net from the clockwork tyranny
of Iteration X.


Ambrose Channing

Essence: Primordial

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Director

Convention: Void Engineer

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 4, Computer 4,
Cosmology 5, Dodge 2, Drive 3, Enigmas 4, Firearms 2,
Intuition 1, Intimidation 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 1,
Occult 3, Research 2, Science 5, Stealth 1, Technology 5

Sphere: Correspondence 3, Entropy 1, Forces 1, Mind
2, Prime 4, Spirit 1, Time 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Avatar 3, Talisman 2

Arete: 5

Willpower: 9

Quintessence: 10

Paradox: 2

Image: Ambrose is the type of person to whom no one
gives a second glance, even in the Digital Web. He always
wears gray wherever he goes. Ambrose carries himself well,
but his eyes continually scan his surroundings for enemies.

Background: Ambrose Channing is a gifted astro-
physicist who enjoys defining the boundaries of the universe.
He wants to quantify the very essence of the cosmos,
findinga set of understandable and predictable laws through
which the entire space-time continuum can be mapped.
After he joined the Technocracy, the other Conventions
engineered the Challenger explosion. As the Technocracy
continued to disrupt the space program, he became more
bitter. Finally, when it busted the antennae on the Mars
Observer, Ambrose had had enough. He organized a group
of similarly dissatisfied Technomancers and started to

break away.

Iteration X captured a number of his compatriots and
connected them to RES. Because Iteration X has files on
him, Ambrose doesn't have the courage or confidence or
feel he has the ability to directly face Construct 1010, but
he honestly believes that a group of Tradition mages might
have a chance.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe that a true under-
standing of the universe and humanity's place in it will
bring about Ascension. You value the insights of other
human beings, especially Tradition mages. The concept of
RES does not bother you, but the imprisonment of your
friends from your mini-Technocracy revolt does.

Chapter Four

93



Chapter Five:

Permutations

This chapter covers various aspects of the Web:

com-

puters, high-tech rotes and Talismans, and the beasties,

personalities, Chantries and lingo of the Net.

Computers and Mage

"Damned useful things, these computers,"
Merlin shrugged. "The department bought it for
me. Frankly I can't imagine how they work. I
4 understand how they use alchemy now to make
plastics in the absence of petroleum, and I natu-
rally comprehend the animating principles that
give life to those little things they call chips, but
beyond that, it's all a mystery to me. I've got a
book here that supposedly explains it all, but I
can't make any sense of it."

— Simon Hawke, The Wizard of 4th Street

Computers play such a large part in our lives that it

would be surprising if they didn't appear in our games. The
level of computer technology in the Gothic-Punk world of
Mage is that of our world in the mid-'90s, but factoring in
the magick computers of the Virtual Adepts and the
Technocracy can allow for a considerably more advanced

technology. Before we go into the differences, let's look at
the similarities.
There are three main types of personal computer (PC)
in common use:
IBM or MS-DOS compatible machines (also known as
snes") are the most popular and accepted in the business

c

world, with the widest array of business software available.
They can be difficult to master, but are the de facto
standard. Portable models are widely available, but are not
nearly as portable as the micro-boards of the Virtual Ad-
epts

The Apple Macintosh family is the second most popu-
lar, and is the machine of choice for graphic designers. "The
Mac" is typically easier to use than the MS-DOS comput-
ers, but allows the user little control over the details of its

function. Portable models are expensive, but available.

Chapter Five

The third most popular is the Commodore Amiga, the
favorite of video producers and hackers, who like it because
it can run several programs at once and is relatively cheap.
Somewhere between the two more popular computers in
ease of use, it is very easily customized. There are no
portable models, though hackers have put together
"luggable" systems that can fit in a big briefcase.

What a Computer Cannot Do

1. Computers cannot think.

They are fast, flexible calculators, but they do not
make suggestions, offer advice, or infer anything at all.
Every instruction must be direct and specific, and will be
interpreted absolutely literally. TV notwithstanding, a
computer won't talk to its user like Hal in 2001. Neither
will it play Mr. Spock, telling you the odds on everything
and singing the praises of logic. Unless possessed of some
magickal artificial intelligence, the hyper-advanced
Technomancer boards are simply smaller, faster variations
on the same basic idea. They still cannot think for them-
selves.

2. A computer can't do anything without software.

For most people, acomputer can't write letters without
word-processing software, analyze data without a database
program, or dial a modem without a telecommunication
program. A programmer (anyone with a rating in Com-

96 Digital Web

puter of 3 or better) can write her own software, of course,
but specialized packages may be hideously complex to write
(difficulty 9) and require other skills as well. Spells and
totes may be programmed intoa computer database for later
use, but the existing software must be present for the
computer to work as anything more than a focus.

This is where magickal computers come in handy: they
may store rotes or spells for immediate access, sidestepping
the initiative difficulty of normal computer use (see Talis-
mans, below). Magick accessed through a computer still
draws Quintessence from the mage (if she wishes to spend
it), rather than from the computer. The mage may then use
a given rote programmed into their data base within only
a turn or two rather than the usual time that must be taken
to "create" a magickal effect on the spot. The effect must,
however, be downloaded onto the database in advance.

Even normal computers can store rote data for later
use, although this data takes more time to access. The
drawback of using normal computers for this task is process-
ing; normal computers in realspace can only access magick
from the first two Spheres before the inherent limitations
of mundane technology kick in. To go higher, one must use
a Trinary computer (see below).

3. A computer can't provide information without
adequate data from which to draw.

If a missile has just been fired, your computer can't
determine where it will land without information about the

type of missile, the angle at which it was fired, and so forth.
Tt can't tell you anything about anything that hasn't been
fed into it. Even then, the appropriate software must be
used to reduce raw data to an understandable report.

The most common way to input information into a
computer is the keyboard. This is slow, but assuming you
have the information in the first place, this is often the
easiest way to get it in the computer. If the information is
already on someone else's computer, transferring the file
via modem is probably the fastest, most convenient, and
least risky way to get it into yours.

Physically trading disks (floppy, removable hard drive,
or optical— in order of increasing capacity) is convenient
for most purposes where a face-to-face meeting or courier is
appropriate. Less widely used methods of input include the
Optical Character Reader (a device that recognizes printed
text and enters it slowly and not always accurately), the
tape drive (a little like a disk drive, but sequential), and
various digitizers (circuits that take a sound or picture and
turn it into data). Really rare is direct input by a"Daemon,"
a spirit of some sort inhabiting a computer. The Daemon is
still limited by the computer's hardware, and so is really no
faster than any other means.

4. A normal computer cannot exert control over any
device or machine that hasn't been directly connected to it.
On TV, hackers often "use the computer to turn off the
enemy's power" or something similar. Don't count on it. A
specific physical ("hardwired") connection must be made
between the computer and the power switch fora computer
to turn anything off, even itself. Vulgar magick may side-
step this restriction, but not without cost (see Vulgar Tricia
in Chapter One).

What a Computer Can Do

A computer is a wonderful tool for organizing data. If
you type in the schedules of all a building's guards, a
computer can, with proper software, analyze them and tell
you when you are least likely to encounter a guard. A
computer can also send and receive information over the
phone lines to and from other computers. Many are also
connected to printers, answering machines, check-writing
machines, personnel files, and bank accounts.

With a modem, a computer can make phone calls, but
it is pretty much limited to what anyone else could do with
a phone — it just does it faster, or more persistently.

With a digitized image, the proper software, and access
toa good output device (a high-resolution four-color press,
for example — a $100,000+ item), a computer may make
undetectable changes to photographs, and possibly video.
Forgery is also a possibility. The skill of the user will
determine the success of the operation.

A computer may also be used to dial up a BBS,
network, or mainframe, and gain access either legitimately
or fraudulently. Even normal computers can access the
Digital Web, although Sleepers, of course, never realize just
what they've keyed into.

Opgrades

Asdescribed above, a computer may serve asa focus for
magick, provided that the mage in question has the ability
to use it to its fullest potential. Magick on a normal board
takes time— lots of it. Technomancy can be used to
enhance a normal computer by channeling Prime 2 or
Spirit 2 into the computer to "fix" its capabilities, then
reworking the physical structure of the device to avoid
overload by using Matter 2 anda roll of Matter +Computer,
difficulty 8. This kind of a computer qualifies as a unique
focus and allows the mage to download rotes as described
above. A computer that performs magick on its own is a
Talisman.

Many Virtual Adepts and some other Technomancers
"upgrade" their computers into Trinary computers, systems
that add the "maybe" factor into the usual "yes/no" equa-
tions of normal computer technology. This upgrade requires
a lot of work involving both mundane mechanical skill and
some magickal assistance, but is essential to utilize magick
above the second Sphere. The exact nature of this process
is left to the Players and Storyteller, but discovering it
should be a plotline unto itself. The Virtual Adepts, who
created the process, don't sell the information cheaply.
Iteration X and the Sons of Ether all have similar types of
upgrades, and all three factions steal liberally from each
other.

Spirit mages have discovered ways of upgrading com-
puters by enticing or binding spirits into them. The
disadvantages of this approach include computer overload
as well as the temperament of the spirits themselves, but it
is much simpler than upgrading the board into a Trinary
system. Such arrangements tend to be temporary— one or
two functions— unless Spirit 4 and Matter 2 are used to
turn the computer into a fetish (see the Mage rulebook and
Book of Shadows: The Mage Players Guide).

Resident spirits may be capable of independent thought.
They may also launch Umbra-based attacks on a hacker's
computer. This kind of thing is limited only by the Story-
teller. While the spirit may control the computer, enhance
its capabilities, or simply reside in it, in general, it will not
allow the impossible. A good rule of thumb is thata resident
spirit, or daemon, can break one "law" of computers, but
will otherwise be bound by these same rules.

Chapter Five 97


Rotes for the Digital Web

[=H Mages developed these rotes to work within
A the strange reality of the Net. These effects

rely on the unique paradigm of the Digital
Web to function. Therefore, some of them
may not work in realspace.

Correspondence Rotes

Hardware Entry (* Correspondence)

This rote allows Sensory and Astral Immer-
sion in the Digital Web. It requires a functioning Digital
Web VR rig. The mage can bring additional people into the
Web ifhe has an additional VR rigs for each person. He can
bring in one additional person for each success beyond his
first. If he fails to bring in some of his associates, he can jack
out of the Web and enter again with them. Each attempt
takes one turn. This is a coincidental effect when used to
bring in mages, but a vulgar effect if used to bring in
Sleepers. (If the Storyteller wants to limit the number of
characters who can access the Web at any time, he can
simply limit the cabal's access to the equipment.) The
difficulty of this feat is usually 6, and it usually requires
three or more successes.

Wetware Entry (* Correspondence)

This rote allows Sensory and Astral Immersion in the
Digital Web. It functions just like Machine Immersion, but
does not require a Digital Web VR rig. It does require that
the mage have direct access to high-tech equipment, pref-
erably a state-of-the-art computer. Difficulty for this rote is
normally 8 (despite the low Sphere rating), and it requires
five successes on an extended action to breach the Barrier
and enter Netspace.

Instant Offline (¢ © © Correspondence, * Forces)

Whena mage absolutely positively has to get out of the
Net, this relatively easy rote rips him offline in nanosec-
onds. Botching this rote inflicts one Health Level of
non-aggravated damage per "1" rolled, due to system shock.
This may be healed normally, but it hurts a lot.

TechnoVision (¢ Correspondence, * Entropy, *
Forces, ¢ Mind, * Prime)

TechnoVision lets a mage scan the Digital Web to see
readouts and analyze everything in view, from distances to
weaknesses to positive identification of icons. It's believed
that Iteration X developed this rote and that the Traditions
captured it.

Entropy Rotes

Doe's Password (¢¢* Mind, ¢¢ Entropy)

So named because it lets anybody enter a Restricted
Area, this rote uses Mind to link to a Restriction program
and lets Entropy randomly allow the mage to discover the
way inside.

98 Digital Web

Hacker's Glance (¢ Entropy, ® Correspondence)

Used by hackers with finesse, this rote radically cuts
down data retrieval by analyzing mass amounts of informa-
tion and increasing the probability that the mage will find
the data she desires. Each success gives the mage 3 successes
on her extended data retrieval roll.

Forces Rotes

Create Virtual Object (

Acommon rote possessed by many Cybernauts, Create
Virtual Object lets a mage make an electronic object for use
inside the Digital Web. This object is permanent, and
mages can carry these virtual objects through the entire
Net. Cybernauts create knives, baseball bats, motorcycles
and even guns or hand grenades. The objects work the same
way they would in the physical world up to the limits of the
effects of Forces 3 (no creating small nuclear devices
online), except that the objects are defined by the Forces
Sphere instead of Matter.

Joshua's Goodbye (**¢ Forces, ¢¢* Entropy,
Prime)

An Order of Hermes member, Joshua, developed this
rote for the sole purpose of dumping annoying Cybernauts
he felt were abusing cyberspace. This Rote causes a local-
ized surge that removes the Forces inside a mage's online
icon or body. Normally, this would only inconvenience the
victim for a moment as her Pattern recharged, possibly
inflicting a Health Level or two, but with Prime added to
the effect, the mage gets busted offline. Correspondence
generates similar effects.

Life Rotes

Energy Transformation (*
Correspondence)

* Forces, #® Prime)

Life, ¢* Forces, *

This Rote is used to transmit someone Holistically into
the Digital Web by converting their physical body into
energy. The mage first needs to be scanned by a laser system
or some energy supply, then get beamed inside the Net.
The same rote also lets Holistic travelers leave the Web.
The Virtual Adepts use this rote as the basis of their famous
FOR NEXT LOOP rote.

Matter Rotes

Virtual Talisman Transmogrification (¢*¢ Matter,
ee Prime, ¢* Forces)

This rote lets a mage transfer a favored Talisman
online in the same way energy transformation shifts living
beings. Dr. Solaris of the Sons of Ether created this rote out
of a need to transport several mega-ray guns that he had
developed in his lab on Earth into the Digital Web to attack
a Technomancer Construct.

Mind Rotes

High Memory (¢** Mind, ¢* Entropy)

Cybernauts fear the mental links that can occur in the
Net. This rote takes a certain amount of information, equal
to the information's Virtual Weight in successes, and
shuffles it randomly through a mage's mind, rendering the
data undetectable.

Restrict Sector (¢ Mind, ¢¢* Prime)

This rote creates a permanent Restriction, sealing off
asector from access. When the mage performs this rote, he
establishes exceptions which, like parameters, are set to
keep the integrity of the Sector preserved. Restrictions take
physical form in the Net. They may appear to be barriers or
electronic monsters standing sentinel, depending on the
creator's desires. These Restrictions last until destroyed;
this requires seven successes scored against difficulty 7,
inflicted with magick suitable for attacking the Restriction's
chosen special effect (Life, Mind or Forces to attack a
monster, Entropy to bring down a wall, etc.). More power-
ful conjunctional magic may create virtually impenetrable
Restrictions.

Prime Rotes

Captain's Treasure (**¢¢ Prime, ¢* Entropy)

A rote reputedly designed by Captain Feedback; the
mage locates a conduit where streams of financial data are
transmitted, usually from a Syndicate Restricted Area. The
mage then uses Prime to shift the conduit so that all of the
financial data streams through to his accounts on their way
into the proper sector. With Entropy, he prevents account-
ing programs from noticing. The mage never has to put
money in his account again, because all of the financial
institution's transactions run through his account and the
programs calculate his interest based on the continually
extreme balance of funds. This, however, has a nasty way of
backfiring when (not "if') someone checks the mage's own.
accounts. An IRS audit is only the mildest of possibilities...

Overwrite (¢¢** Prime, ¢¢¢ Entropy, ¢¢® Forces)

This rote allows a mage to alter parameters. Its use is
always vulgar in the Digital Web. It takes five successes to
remove a parameter, but only one to subtly shift its mean-
ing. However, this rote does not allow a mage to remove
contextual formatting. Rumors say that even Oracles have
difficulty changing the Net's format.

Tag ( Prime, ¢¢ ¢ Correspondence, * Mind)

A nasty rote; when someone is tagged, a mage may
trace a tiny mark of Quintessence on her through the

Digital Web, following her anywhere. The effects of

tagging last until a Cybernaut goes offline.

Spirit Rotes

Create Daemon (¢* © Spirit, ¢¢*® Prime, ® ¢ Forces,
© Mind)

Adepts of Spirit have the ability to create fetishes in
the physical world by binding spirits to objects. Within the
Digital Web, they have taken their knowledge of fetish
creation and applied it to the Patterns of Forces. This rote
binds a spirit to an electronic Pattern in the Net, bringing
to "life" a daemon, or computer spirit (i-e., a Data Beast; see
Net.Denizens, below). These daemons have powers stem-
ming from their spiritual nature; Computer Skill can assign
them behavioral guidelines.

Assume that each two successes with Intelligence +
Computer, difficulty 7, give the daemon one power level,
ranging from one to four. Creating a daemon, it should be
noted, is not the same thing as making it obey. The more
powerful the daemon, the less likely it will be to behave. A
Leadership + either Manipulation or Spirit Sphere will be
necessary, with the difficulty being the daemon's power
level + 3 (controlling a third-level daemon would be
difficulty 6).

Time Rotes

Information Superhighway (¢*¢ Time, ¢¢® Corre-
spondence)

Created by a Cult of Ecstasy mage with the handle
"Epicurus", this rote speeds the mage through conduits and
sectors of the Digital Web that he knows by accelerating
Time around the mage as he enters each sector. Five
successes lets the mage complete almost any path at near
light speed through the Net.

Virtual Lockpick (* * * Time, ® Correspondence,
Forces, © Mind)

Ability Requirements: Computer 3

This is a computer hacker's dream rote. When run on
acomputer, this rote will be able to gain some type of access
to almost any computer. It works by compressing time in
the computer's internal processor and making educated
guesses of what the password might be. Requirements for
this rote include a login ID for the system in question and
about five minutes of run-time. The mage is not required to
concentrate while this rote is run — however, no other
mage may run this program unless the computer is "tuned"
to her.

Chapter Five 99


Talismans

When mages started using the Digital Web,
they created unique Talismans to help them
out there. Within the physical world, disks
store these magickal computer programs; in
the Net, however, they take the form of
powerful Talismans designed to take advan-
tage of the Web. Both physical and electronic
Talismans are included in this list.
4 © Digital Online Package

Arete 3, Quintessence 10

This is a special level 1 Talisman given to most Virtual
Adepts by their mentors or Chantry, if applicable. It
includes a starter kit, a guide to the Digital Web, a map of
major paths through the Net, a card that plugs into any full-
size computer expansion slot with a VR helmet attached,
and a virtual bodysuit for sensory journeys into the Digital
Web. This package helps a mage become comfortable with
the Net before trying Astral or Holistic visitations.

¢* Seekers

Arete 6, Quintessence 15

A Seeker is an electronic Talisman contained on a
computer disk in the physical world. To use it, the mage
must activate the drive that contains the disk before she
goes online. When she plugs into the virtual landscape, a
small icon appears beside her, floating conveniently within
two feet of her body. The mage may command the Seeker
to help perform searches for her or navigate the Net. The
Seeker does this by moving quickly through conduits and
using magickal senses. Seekers use six dice for all of their
Perception rolls. They float back to their mage and answer
questions about what they have seen. Seekers may only
follow the instructions of their Cybernaut. The electronic
Talismans have only 2 Health Levels and suffer damage
easily. Luckily, the true magick of the Talisman resides in
the real-world disk — even if it's de-rezzed, it's still avail-
able for the next online session. Seekers must return to
their mages to communicate information.

¢¢° Cosmic Communications Package

Arete 3, Quintessence 6

By adding this magickal card and software program to
any computer system, the mage can use his computer as a
transceiver to contact anything that receives radio trans-
missions and function asa built-in cellular phone, capable
of sending and receiving fax/modem signals. The mage's
laptop can tap online and may listen to the radio or even
function as a garage door opener. By raising the level of the
Talisman to 4, a mage can even send and receive satellite
transmissions, potentially reaching out globally. All of the
effects of this Talisman are coincidental.

100. Digital Web

eee Electroephemeral Scanner

Arete 3, Quintessence 10

This special computer scanner lets a mage scan an
object into the Digital Web, creating a virtual representa-
tion of the scanned object online. Many mages who cannot
use Forces to create their own permanent items online use
this Talisman. It works with any computer.

eee Jump Box

Arete 5, Quintessence 20

Almost every member of the Virtual Adepts claims to
have created this Talisman. The Jump Box performs the
same function as the rote Instant Offline, but the mage can
tap the Quintessence of the box to perform the magick.
Like the Seekers, a Jump Box stays on disk until a mage
enters the Web. In the Net, it appears as a small black box
witha single big red button. Many units have "Don't Panic"
written above the button in big friendly letters.

eee Thought Programs

Arete 5, Quintessence 5

These programs link directly into the mage's icon
using the magicks of the Mind Sphere. Each thought
program has an area of specialty (a single Ability), that it
provides to the mage at rating 5 while she is using the Net.
Mages may use one of these programs per point of Intelli-
gence, but may not access more than one simultaneously.

Sample Abilities for this Talisman include: Streetwise,
Etiquette, Survival, Technology, or any Knowledge. Physi-
cal Talents may be accessed as well unless the mage is
Holistically Immersed, as icons are thought/spirit projec-
tions, not physical bodies. The effects ofa Thought Program
do not extend outside of the Net. Each Thought Program
must be "bought" separately; three points in Talisman does
not buy an infinite number of Programs.

eeee Digital Drill

Arete 8, Quintessence 20

The Digital Drill is one of the most powerful electronic
Talismans. It lets its user cut through Restrictions unno-
ticed by tearing apart the Restriction and putting it back
together again. Few mages truly understand how it func-
tions. In the Net it appears to be a large halogen flashlight.
When the light is activated, it de-rezzes part of a Restric-
tion, which reforms aftera moment. A Cybernaut must roll
Perception + Technology (difficulty 7) to avoid alerting
the masters of the Restriction. The Drill does no damage to
icons.

eee Magickal Macro Keyboard

Arete 7, Quintessence 30

These "boards" hang magick effects using Time and
Prime. The user prepares his effect and casts it into the
board and designates the key on the board for the effect.
The results and possible Paradox are not determined until
itis activated. A touch ofa key activates the stored magick.
There are physical and virtual versions of this Talisman.
Up to eight effects may be stored at a time; more than this
risks an overload. For each effect added over the initial
eight, the Keyboard automatically adds an additional 1
difficulty to the user's roll. Stored effects may reach only up
to the fourth Sphere level; level five effects may not be
stored in the Keyboard.

eeeee Lazarus Transmitter

Arete 10, Quintessence 10

A physical Talisman created by the Technocracy, the
Lazarus Transmitter must be surgically implanted inside a
mage's skull. While activated, it is an instantaneous fail-
safe. If the mage is critically or even mortally injured, it
projects the mage, physically, mentally and spiritually, into
the Digital Web until the body may be repaired. This
Talisman is obviously very rare, but you never know who
has one. Always shoot Technomancers in the head with
large caliber weapons...

Net.Denizens

Many strange entities dwell in the alien
environment of the Digital Web. Computer
programs take physical forms that follow
their functions. Virii float through the Net,
possessing Patterns and altering Parameters.
Quintessence infuses information itself,
Awakening Data Beasts. Spidery spirits crawl
in ftom the Umbra. There are tales of many
more things as well — virtual entities who
have left their bodies to rot, Glass Walker werewolves, and
more...

Those denizens with Physical Attributes use those
characteristics when dealing with mages who are Holisti-
cally Immersed in the Web. Otherwise, use the Mental stats
as Physical (as per Chapter One).

Computer Virii and Viruses

The parasites of the Net, computer virii are small
invisible electrical worms swimming through conduits.
They may be sensed with Prime 1. They have the Mind 4
effect Possession, which they use to completely possess and
take over a host icon, gaining access to all of that host's
powers. Depending on the host's Spheres, they may use the
host tocreate others. All virii have a single set of objectives,
such as inserting the word "cookie" in all of the world's text
files, etc. Some virii self-destruct in large-scale vulgar
bursts in order to crash a network with Paradox. Some say
a virii controls one of the Oracles of Correspondence, and
until he is free, there will always be more virii in the Net.

Attributes: Wits 3, Intelligence 1, Stamina 5 or the
Host's Attributes

Abilities: Computer 4 plus Host's own Abilities

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Mind 4 (one effect only),
Prime 2, and access to Host's Spheres as well

Willpower: 3-10

Arete: 2-5

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, Vaporized, or the same
Host

We should note the difference between virii, who are
primitive self-willed "organisms," and viruses, which are
programs created to accomplish a certain objective. The
latter can be made with a roll of Intelligence + Computer,
difficulty 8. These constructs have Abilities and a set
purpose; the Dice Pool of these abilities depends on the
number of successes rolled by the creator.

Even Sleepers can create viruses. The process takes
one to two turns per Ability that the virus posesses. A virus
has a number of "Health Levels" equivalent to its Dice
Pool. When damage done to it by magick or counter viruses
exceeds these "Health Levels", the virus de-rezzes.

Virus Abilities

The beginning Dice Pool for any virus is the number of

sses achieved by its creator. Each success also gives
. The creator

suce
you one dot to spend on Abilities per succes
then gives the virus any of the following:

Talents:

Alertness: Will let a virus check to see if its intrusion
is being noticed, "see" opportunities and loopholes in the
system, etc.

Athletics: Represents a virus with code that enables it
to copy itself quickly through the system. (Note that most
viruses ‘travel' by copying themselves someplace and then
deleting their old ‘self.')

Dodge: This virus has features to enable it to escape
virus-detection systems after they have noticed it. Other-
wise, detection means elimination.

Subterfuge: A virus that can appear to be something
other than it is. Needed for "Trojan Horses.

Skills:

Repair: Believe it or not, many viruses are created for

"constructive" purposes. These may include patching a bug
in a program, finding and eliminating or counteracting

Chapter Five 101


other viruses, or simply adding features to an existing
operating system. Depending on the circumstances, a Sto-
ryteller may decide that such a virus need this skill, or the
Computer Knowledge, or perhaps both.

Stealth: A virus with this Skill can evade searches by
anti-virus software The recent crop of MS-DOS viruses
have been "stealth" viruses.

Survival: Represents a virus that is difficult to expunge
from a system, even after it has been detected.

Knowledges:

Computer: Some viruses are actually capable of repro-
gramming computers. Of course, the designer of the virus
must know how to program the computer in question.

Enigmas: Makes a virus good at guessing passwords,
etc. Sometimes a virus is created merely to learn passwords
and return with this knowledge.

Investigation: Used for searches within the infected
system; usually this involves seeking certain "keywords"
relating to the mission of the virus.

Linguistics: Means the virus can recognize different
human languages. Useful primarily for searches where not
all the data is in English. The programmer need not speak
the language, but must have access to translations of the
keywords in question.

"Catching" a Virus

There are three ways a virus can be intro-
duced into a computer. The first is by a hacker
actually sitting down at the keyboard and writing
a virus, just like any other program. All viruses are
originally created this way, but a hacker generally
takes steps to avoid infecting her own computer.
On a victim's machine, she would write the virus,
"compile" it (turn it into a program), test it,
release it onto the machine, then erase all records
of her actions.

It is much simpler to create the virus on
another system, then transmit it by an infected
disk. Pirated software is particularly prone to this,
since in the course of a pirating session, hundreds
of floppy disks may be copied, making it no simple
task to examine them all for viruses.

Finally, just as with any software, a virus may
be transmitted via modem, either deliberately or
by sending someone an infected program.

Webspiders

Small, metallic fractal spiders infest some areas of the
Digital Web, collecting trash and reassembling fractals.
They exist to repair damage to any virtual objects, includ-
ing icons, and they don't seem to notice the presence of

102 Digital Web

mages. This is one of the few ways to be healed inside the
Net. They are Umbrood Minions, and Spirit magick affects
them. Dreamspeakers refer to these beings as "Pattern
Spiders", and claim that the werewolves dislike them.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2, Per-
ception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Awareness 2, Computer 5

Powers: Heal virtual damage (For every turn a
Webspider works on a damaged icon, that icon regains a
Health Level)

Arete: 5

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -2, Vaporized

Guardians

This Umbrood can change shape and color to blend
with its surroundings. They are Awakened computer pro-
are

grams, usually Restrictions. The forms they tal
appropriate to their sector and duty. A Guardian in Tech-
nocracy Turf might appear as a hovercraft covered with
weaponry. Spirit magick can command Guardians, al-
though the difficulty for assuming such command is high (7
or more); when it is used on them, they shift into gigantic
versions of Webspiders.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 4, Intel-
ligence 3, Wits 2

Abili

Spheres: Varies from 1 to 3 in all Spheres; defense
programs usually have Mind and Forces, monitoring pro-
grams have Prime and Correspondence

Arete: 10

Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -3, Vaporized

s: Varies, depending on program's function

Informational Geomids

These large geometric icons float through the Digital
Web sifting and analyzing all data they encounter. Infor-
mational Geomids are worth their virtual weight in Data.
Unfortunately, they have a tendency to leave Awakened
Data Beasts in their wake. They can communicate, but
have alien intelligences that crave nothing but informa-
tion.

Attributes: Stamina 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 2

Abilities: Computer 5, three other abilities at 4 or 5

Spheres: Mind 3, Correspondence 2, five points to
distribute among other other Spheres

Arete: 10

Willpower: 5

Health Levels: 4-20, depending on how much data
they currently hold

Attack Geomids

These geometric spirits may be Awakened fragments
of the Digital Web. They are composed of sharp, pointed
fractals and are drawn to sources of Entropy. They attack
either by impaling their opponents or by clustering around
them and solidifying, effectively encasing them in the
structure of the Web. The impaling attacks do Strength +
2 damage in the Net.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Intel-
ligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Awareness 3, Computer 2, Brawl 2

Spheres: Entropy 1

Powers: Materialize and Group Fusion (if a group of 3
or more geomids score 10 extended attack successes against
a mage, she is covered in a sheet of virtual chrome and
rendered inert. She may roll her Arete against difficulty 9
to try and escape)

Arete: 4

Willpower: 9

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, Vaporized

Data Beasts

Information wants to be free, and there are times when
the Quintessence of the Web causes it to Awaken and take
form. Data beasts are usually rampaging monsters of infor-
mation. They take various forms based on the type of

information and the environment in which they were
stored. A Data Beast from an Iteration X Construct might
appear as an android, while one composed of zoological
survey data might take the form of a garish collection of
animal parts. Data Beasts vary tremendously in their power
and abilities. If they are "killed," the data becomes un-
Awakened again. They normally attack physically in the
Web.

Attributes:

Power Level 1: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina, Intelli-
gence and Wits 1

Power Level 2: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina, Intelli-
gence and Wits 2

Power Level 3: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina, Intelli-
gence and Wits 3

Power Level 4: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina, Intelli-
gence and Wits 4

Abilities: appropriate to the type of information stored.
A chemistry file might have Science 3. All Data Beasts
possess at least Computer 2

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Mind 3
Willpower: 9
Arete: 2— 5

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -3, -4, un-Awakened

Chapter Five 103


Al

A true Artificial Intelligence exists solely in the Digi-
tal Web. Each one should be unique, with an Avatar, and
each should be created like a normal mage. Each one is an
individual and potentially very dangerous. They are ex-
tremely rare. They do not have to buy Strength or Dexterity
attributes. RES (see Chapter Four) provides an example of
a massively powerful Al.

The Technocracy

Even in the Net, HIT Marks, Men In Black, and
Superiors still track down characters. Their traits remain
the same as in Mage: The Ascension. Technomancers
normally use Holistic projection, due to paranoia about
separating their minds from their bodies.

Who's Who in
the Web

@ So I see what I see

anew world is over me
4 so I'll reach up to the sky
4} and pretend that I'm a
spaceman, in another place and time
— 4 Non-Blondes, "Spaceman"

a Arns Wrath

Arns Wrath, also called "The Wrath", is
amysterious Nephandus mage who stalks the Web, seeking
virtual blood and digital souls for his otherworldly patrons.
He raids where he chooses and is capable of entering even
the most private of Restricted areas. No one knows how he
is able to convert an icon to spirit energy for consumption,
but fortunately, no other Nephandus appears to be able to
duplicate the operation. This has led other mages to specu-
late that the Wrath has transcended the Nephandi and
serves a new master. He appears as a human-shaped swirl of
black mist, with a blank face and a dark cowl.

Captain Feedback

The legends of Captain Feedback grow with every new
connection in the Digital Web. Some don't believe that
there ever was a Captain Feedback. Others say that he is
dead, killed by the Technocracy. The believers claim that
agents of the Technocracy still maintain file on Feedback.
Ofcourse, if Captain Feedback were still alive, he wouldn't
want anybody to know. Whenever the Technocracy suffers
amajorerror in Digital Web operations, the Virtual Adepts
call it the work of Feedback.

Captain Feedback's story certainly is the stuff of myth.
In the Spy's Demise, patrons will tell you that he was a
Sleeper who Awakened online while hacking into the

104 Digital Web


NORAD computer systems. At the time, the United States
and the Soviet Union were only a minute and a half from
sending everything to nuclear Armageddon. Feedback's
first Awakened act was to identify the errors in the military
tracking systems and save the world. According to the
downloaded copy of his memoirs, "I was all that stood
between the world and utter destruction." The legend only
continues from there. Captain Feedback created hundreds
of online identities for himself, and he became the virtual
lover of one of the leaders of Iteration X. He stymied the
Technocracy with finesse.

Regardless of the truth behind Captain Feedback, the
power of his legend has compelled numerous Virtual Ad-
epts to try crazy and diabolically creative plans to frustrate
the Technocracy. Which lends further credence to the
possibility that he still lives. If he were dead, wouldn't the
Technocracy want to prove it, to end the legend and stop
his admirers?

Kibo

There are few mages in the Net who haven't heard of
Kibo. He quickly made a legend for himself by devising
efficient methods for spying within the Net. Rather than
using these techniques for the intended purpose, however,
Kibo likes to use them to find out who is talking about him.

Kibo is a mage of great power. Many think him to be
omniscient. Some think that he is an Al or a Turing
Machine. Whatever he is, he has the annoying habit of
popping in when his name is invoked. His control of the
Correspondence Sphere is such that he can appear in
several places at once. Many young Adepts tell of strange
events happening when his name is mentioned. These
events are never malicious or hurtful, and sometimes (very
seldom) can be beneficial to the person who uttered his
name. For this reason, many started referring to him as "the
god of cyberspace". The Virtual Adepts took it one step
further and founded an entire religion to Kibo. Kibology is
the number one cause of confusion among Tradition mages
in the Net today.

Kibo exemplifies a certain attitude within the Virtual
Adepts. Most Adepts have a tongue-in-cheek air of cocki-
ness about them. They often vent their own tensions about
the stand-off in cyberspace through countless "in-jokes"
and strange pranks. Neither Kibo, nor many other Virtual
Adepts, take the religion of Kibology seriously, but they
love to proselytize about Kibology with a straight face. This
is usually done so that an occasional Adept can laugh at the

stupid Dreamspeaker who fell for the oldest joke in the
book.

Hen of Grainekarm— An Oracle (?)

There are many oracles in cyberspace— you can never
be sure who, or what, you're talking to. This goes doubly so
for the legendary Hen of Grainekarm. This "entity" is
named after the Tic-Tac-Toe playing chickens that used to
grace amusement parks. A computer would feed a chicken
grain on certain buttons of a tic-tac-toe board, making it
seem like the chicken was competing with and winning at
a game of tic-tac-toe. The same principle is used with the
Hen of Grainekarm.

The Hen is an Al programmed with a database of
information that is constantly being updated and copied
from other sources. When a question is posed to the Hen,
it spits out an answer from the multitude of databases it has
accumulated. It does this in an extremely conversational
writing style, leading some to believe that the Hen is
actually intelligent.

The major problem with all of this is the principle of
garbage-in, garbage-out. The Hen never checks its own
facts and accepts them at face value. While almost 75% of
the data the Hen spits back may be true, the other 25% is
certainly and obviously false. Nobody knows who first
programmed the Hen or when. Those who know about the
Hen's true nature think that it may actually be a rogue AI
that wrote a portion of it's own program in a vain attempt
to be like the mages of the Net. Some of the artificial life
form in the Net hold the Hen in high esteem, routinely
asking it questions pertaining to the rules and nature of
cyberspace. Some of these artificial life forms actually think
that the Hen created cyberspace and knows everything
about it.

In the Net, the Hen resembles a giant chicken about
forty feet high. It sits regally upon a throne made of wood.
Many people have attempted to destroy the Hen when it
told them something that was patently false, but the Hen
has secured itself so well in the fabric of cyberspace that to
destroy it would bring on a colossal whiteout. The Hen has
survived many attempts at destruction. Most mages agree
that it is best just to ignore the Hen and let it be, since it
seems to have no real purpose. Left to it's own fantasies, the
Hen will hurt no one except those who believe every word
that comes from its beak.

Chapter Five 105

Sample Net Chantries

Club Dionysis: Cult of
Ecstacy Chantry

4 Though many Cult of Ecstacy members dis-
dain the virtual world as an illusory place
that rejects the body and the sensory world,
a die-hard core of Digital Web enthusiasts
have created a cybersex paradise in the Net.
They are rapidly outpacing the sexual hori-
zons explored by their Tradition in the
physical realm. They use elaborate iconic bodies with
utterly new senses to explore facets of sexuality and sensu-
ality previously unimagined. The Chantry is run by Tiva, a
statuesque black woman who welcomes the eager and
open-minded of all Traditions into Chantry anterooms for
some of the best parties in the Net.

Entropitorium: Euthanatos

This secretive Chantry is devoted to seeking the very
definition of the soul by examining icons that encapsulate
the psyches of Net Runners. They ask for volunteers, but
are rumored to trap unsuspecting Cybernauts in Restricted
areas with no exits, then drag them into the Entropitorium
for unspeakable experiments. In a unique form of coopera-
tion, some daring Virtual Adepts have volunteered to have
their icons examined under scrutiny by other Adepts and
have gained extra insight into icons from the Euthanatos'
findings. The leader of the Chantry is Iman Asrawi, a
hulking man in a black turban and robes.

Other Information of Ose

B) [cis time that knowledge became more accessible
to those to whom it properly belongs.

N Net Slang

Throughout the years, computer jargon has
been the domain of an elite few. The English
language has severe limitations when de-
scribing forth-dimensional concepts. With the advent of
the Net, new jargon appeared to discuss all-new ideas.
Virtual Adepts, however, speak in slang terms that would
baffle the ordinary man-on-the-street. "NetTalk", as it is
called, is used mainly by the cyberpunk faction in attempts
to be vaguely hip. The following is a short list of terms.
Special thanks go out to the nameless souls who first put
together some of the definitions on this list.

AUTOMAGICALLY: adv. Automatically, but ina way
that, for some reason, I don't feel like explaining to you
(typically because it is too complicated, or too ugly, or perhaps
even too trivial). Example: Some programs that produce XGP
output files spool them automagically.

BACKDOOR MAN: n. Someone who masquerades as a
daemon in order to gain access into secure sites. Also refers to
a contract mage who habitually programs secret methods of
entry into employer sites for later personal use.

BANG: n. Common alternate name for an exclamation
mark.

BIT BUCKET: n. 1. A receptacle used to hold the runoff
from the computer's shift registers. 2. Mythical destination of
deleted files and other no-longer-accessible data.

106 Digital Web

BLOWING DATA: v. Slang for uploading data toa Net
site.

BURN: v. A hacking term that means to attempt and
succeed in embezzling money.

BYTE SWAPPING: v. Trading illicit data.

CRASH: n. A sudden, usually drastic failure. Most often
said of the system, sometimes of magnetic disk drives. "Three
users lost their files in last night's disk crash." A disk crash that
entails the read/write heads dropping onto the surface of the
discs and scraping off the oxide may also be referred to as a
"head crash".

v. To fail suddenly. "Has the system just crashed?" Also
used transitively to indicate the cause of the crash (usually a
person, program, or both). "Those idiots playing spacewar
crashed the system." Sometimes said of people.

COWBOY: n. A hacker.

DAEMON: n. A general term for any automated pro-
gram that appears as a persona of some kind. Dedicated to a
particular task, they are constructs that carry out many mun-
dane network tasks.

* GARBAGE COLLECTION DAEMON: This Dae-
mon purges unwanted data. It comes at fixed intervals (much
like the Mail Daemon) and wipes clean any data marked for
removal.

¢ MAIL DAEMON: This is a virtual "creature" that is
responsible for delivering virtual mail (Sleepers would call it
e-mail). Not known for their speed, these daemons are given
tocrashing ina rather ugly fashion, sometimes crashing fellow
Mail Daemons they don't like.

¢ SECURITY DAEMON: This Daemon watches a
particular entry point into the Net and guards against unau-

thorized access. It logs all activity through its entry point,
including all attempts to break into the system by force.

DENSE: adj. A word used to describe something neat.
From the Virtual Adept adage that "Density is Everything".

FLAME: v. To speak incessantly and/or rabidly on some
relatively uninteresting subject or with a patently ridiculous
attitude.

FLAME ON: v. To continue to flame. This punning
reference to Marvel Comics' Human Torch has been lost as
recent usage completes the circle: "Flame on" now usually
means "beginning of flame".

FLAMEFEST: (1) When one flame sets off a long series
of flames in response. (2) Magickal free-for-all within the Net.
Also referred to as a "Flamew:

FRIED: adj. Burnt-out power supply, also referred to as
Smoked.

GIBSON: adj. [from the Cyberpunk author William
Gibson.] a multipurpose term that describes something that is
really cool (i.e. "That Necron dude — he's so Gibson...").

GLITCH: [from the Yiddish "glitshen", to slide] n. A
sudden interruption in electric service, sanity, or program
function. Sometimes recoverable. v. To commit a glitch.

GROK: [from the novel Stranger in a Strange Land, by
Robert Heinlein, where it isa Martian word meaning roughly
"to be one with"] v. To understand, usually in a global sense.

ICE: n. Archaic word refering to security programs sur-
rounding computers. From cyberpunk novels, an acronym
meaning Intrusion Countermeasures Electronics.

KIBO: (kee-bo) v. A typical replacement for the word
"God" in expletives. Example: "Kibo damn it!" or "Thank
Kibo!". From the Virtual Adept of the same name.

LURKING: v. Watching Net activity without being
seen. Virtual spying.

PACKET SWITCHING: v. Covertly intercepting data
and replacing it with fake data as it gets sent through a Net
Gateway. Also refers to a way of throwing off Data Trackers
who are following after stolen data.

PULL A TURING: v. Slang for the act of masquerading
as a mage from a different Tradition. As in, "She pulled a
Turing and tried to pass for a Dreamspeaker."

SNARE: v. Tograb, especially a large documentor file for
the purpose of using it either with or without the author's
permission.

SPLAT: n. Name used in many places for the ASCII
asterisk ("*") character.

SUCKING DATA: v. Slang for downloading data from.
aNetsite.

THRASHIN A common Paradox Flaw in which a
program (i.e., spell) is slowed down dramatically because it is
straining the Net's static reality. The program is said to be
"thrashing" the Net.



Appendix:

ources, Books
and Inspiration

Lightning flashes, Nonfiction

Sparks shower Benedikt, Michael — Cyberspace: First Steps, MIT

In one blink of your eyes Press

You have missed something. Gelernter, David — Mirror Worlds, Oxford University
Press

—Zen Koan
Heim, Michael — The Metaphysics of Virtual Reality,

Oxford University Press
Rheingold, Howard— Virtual Reality, Summit Books

Ideas for a Net Chronicle can usually come
from several different sources. Books and

music make excellent resources for chronicle ideas. Movies

Music:
Brian Eno
D' Cuckoo

are not among this list, for there are few movies that treat
the subject of computers accurately or interestingly enough.

Books: Tom Waits
Fiction Ministry
Crichton, Micheal — Jurassic Park, Electronic Life 808 State
Gibson, William — Neuromancer, Count Zero, Mona Front 242

Lisa Overdrive, Burning Chrome Skinny Puppy
Gleick , James — Chaos Nine Inch Nails
Heinlein, Robert — The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, New Onl

Time Enough for Love
Sterling, Bruce — Islands in the Net, Globalhead, The
Hacker Crackdown
Stephenson, Neal — Snowcrash

Front Line Assembly

Vonnegut, Kurt — Player Piano

Appendix 109

Magazines:

While science fiction books and computer texts are
good tools, magazines are infinitely better. Magazines
come out once a month with computer and cultural infor-
mation and are more likely to pack something between the
pages that you've never seen. However, we're not talking
about the dry, boring computer journals you may have seen
on the magazine stand. We're talking about dangerous
underground magazines, and those dedicated directly to
technology as it affects the cultural climate of America.
Take, for instance, these ultra-subversive techno-terror
publications:

Wired Magazine, Mondo 2000

Wired and Mondo 2000 are both magazines devoted to
the impact of technology on culture and style. Articles
range from a tongue-in-cheek essay on irresponsible diet
plans for computer hackers to an analysis of the govern-
ment of Singapore and its devotion to state controlled
technology (shades of the Technocracy!).

These are available in quite a few newsstands and
bookstores. 5 Issues for $24 (published quarterly).

MONDO 2000

PO Box 10171, Berkeley, CA 94709

Attention: Subscriptions.

Oremail MONDO 2000(Andrew) on CompuServe E-
Mail: 70007,3147@compuserve.com

Wired Magazine: E-mail subscriptions@wired.com or

110. Digital Web

Wired Magazine

544 Second Street

San Francisco, CA 94107

Phrack

Phrack is an electronic journal available over the
Internet. This is a publication to be wary of. The contents
are more often than not considered subversive by the
government and law enforcement agencies. Always out to
cause a stir, most contributors use pseudonyms like "Knight
Lightning" and "The Mentor". E-mail them at
phrack@well.sf.ca.us

2600

This ‘zine is a paper bound version of Phrack. It tends
to be a bit more outspoken in its content, but it still makes
really interesting reading if you can follow it. 2600 can be
subscribed to by writing to this address:

2600 Magazine

P.O. Box 752, Middle Island, NY 11953

Internet Address : 2600@well.sf.ca.us

boing boing

One of the T-shirts advertising this magazine bears the
slogan "Ecstasy knows no baud rate". I will leave it at that
— nothing more needs to be said, other than check it out.

bOING bOING

11288 Ventura Blvd. #818

Studio City, CA 91604

Rates : 4 issue subscription $20

Two additional glossaries are in this
book. Many new Mage terms can be
found on pp. 17-19. Many hacking
terms from the real world are found on
pp. 106-107

Characters with first and last names
are listed under their last name.

A

Acid 58-59

AhL-i-Batin 11, 22, 24, 48

Als 103

A-K Brother: see Akashic
Brotherhood

Akashic Brotherhood 32

Astarte 61

Attack Geomids 103

B
Babbage 22
Batini
see AhL-i-Batin
Bell 22-23
Bit Masks 77
Blackard, Timothy 62
Board Room 56
Bush Boys 14
see also New World Order

Cc

C of X: see Cult of Ecstacy
Captain Douglas 80
Captain Feedback 104
Callahan's Annex

see Spy's Demise
Cathedral 56
Celestial Chorus 56
Channing, Ambrose 93
Conduits 34, 47
Constraint Realm 17, 22
Correspondence Sphere

see Effects or Rotes
Crater 17, 31-32
Courage, John 60, 86
Cult of Ecstacy 106
CyberRealm 15, 17, 29, 47, 49, 63

INDEX
D

Damage (in the Web) 36
Dante 6-7
Data Beasts 103
Data Weight Table 35
Deck 27
Distortion Encoder 77
Douglas (Capt.) 80
Dreamspeaker 32
see also Walking the Web
Dying (in the Web) 36

E

Echoplex Generator 77
Effects 38-44
Correspondence 38-39
Entropy 39-40
Forces 40-41
Life 41
Matter 42
Mind 42
Prime 42-43
Spirit 44
Time 44
Entropy Sphere
see Effects or Rotes
Euthanatos 106

F

Feedback (Capt.) 104

Fetishes 48

Fiberopticon 81

Foci 37

Formatted Web 18, 32, 33, 45, 46

Formatting Sectors 33, 45-46
Overwrite Rote 99

Free Sector 33

G

Gerarde, Bertrand 79
Geomids 102-103
Glass Walkers 47-48

see also Werewolves

see also Werewolf and
Umbra

Grid Sector 18
Guardians 102

H

Hen of Grainekarm 105
see also Secret Anagram
Holistic Immersion 12, 29, 47, 63, 72
used w/ Life Sphere 41
used w/ Prime Sphere 43

Energy Transformation Rote
98

Human Genome Project 16

Icon 12, 18, 22, 28-29
effects from Spheres 40-42
TechnoVision 98

Thought Program Talisman
100

TM (Instant Message) 42
Informational Geomids 102
Iteration X 14, 15-16
Deus Ex Machina 83-93
"23" 57

J

Jefferson, Thomas 23
Junkland 39

K

Kalydescope 59
Kibo 105
Kill Sector 16

Life Sphere
see Effects or Rotes

M

Malkavians 48-49
Matter

see Effects or Rotes
Matterhorn 32

Appendix 111


Micto-Wolf 63
Mind Sphere
see Effects or Rotes

N

New World Order 14, 16, 23, 34, 42
aka Bush Boys
Nightwind 61-62

o-P

Paradise 55
Paradox Backlash 37
Parameters 46
Pattern Web 11, 47
Pentex 15, 49
Pool of Infinite Reflection 32
Prime Sphere

see Effects or Rotes
Progenitors 33

Q-R
Quintessence 25
Recursive Loop
see Recursive Loop
RES (character stats) 92
Restricted Areas 34
ROSE 68-69, 71-80
Rotes 98-99

Ss

Secret Agent John Courage 60

Serenity Grove 56
Signal-to-Noise Translator 12, 42
S of E: see Sons of Ether
Sons of Ether 22, 24
Spirit Sphere

see Effects or Rotes
Spy's Demise 51-65
Syndicate 14, 17, 34
Stacked Files 30-31, 33

T
Tables
(Paradox)
Duration 37
(Digital Web) Correspon-
dence Range 39

Backlash

112. Digital Web

Data Weight 35
Talisman Duration 28
Umbral Conduit Search
Chart 47
Whiteout Backlash 37
Talismans 27-28

Conversion and Werewolf
Fetishes 48

Fiberopticon 81
Other Talismans 100-101

Von Neumann's Security
Mechanisms 77

Talisman Duration Table 28
Tanov 81
Technocracy 15, 16-17
Techno-Turf 17, 30, 34
Time Sphere

see Effects or Rotes
Trash Sector 33, 40
Trinary Computer 14, 27, 96-97
Turing, Alan 23-25, 32,
"Twenty-three" 57

O-V

Umbra 15, 17, 29-30, 32, 33, 36, 38,
44, 47, 102-103
see also CyberRealm

Unformatted Sectors 32-33
aka Virgin Web

Vampire: the Masquerade 2, 10, 47-
49

Virii 101-102

Virtual Adepts 22-23, 27-28, 32-33,
38

Void Engineer 17, 32

von Neumann 79

VR Goggles 28

W-X
Walking the Web 29
see also Umbra
Weaver 11, 21, 47-49
Webslinger 19
Webspiders 102
Werewolf: the Apocalypse 15, 47-
49, 62-63, 102-103
Werewolves 29, 44, 47-48, 62-63
Whiteout Backlash Table 37
Wrath, Ams 104
Wyld 47-48, 65

Wyrm 15, 21, 47-48
"XXIII" 57

V=Z

Young, Jessica 57

Silken Threads of Thought...

Between the keyboard and the mind lies the Digital Web, a Net of virtual
reality spinning in an endless loop of format and creation. Fed by
Quintessence and shaped by the Awakened, this unexplored Realm of
living thought forms the newest frontier in the Ascension War.

Weave Tapestries of Reality

The Traditions, Nephandi and Technocracy wage a covert war for this new
reality — a war hedged by the guidelines of the Realms and haunted by the
threat of "whiteout." Wise mages tread cleverly and carefully.

Digital Web is a sourcebook for Mage: The Ascension, covering the vast
expanse of the VR Net. This book includes:

¢ New rules for the virtual reality Realms, including magick ratings,
formatting, combat and "whiteout," the systems crash caused by Paradox.

* The Spy's Demise, a BBS speakeasy where Sleepers and Cybernauts chat,
conspire and plan.

© Two ready-to-run tales set in the Net Realms, plus crossover
suggestions for Werewolf and Vampire.

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
STONE MTH., GA 30083

y ls ISBN 1-56504-106-2
WW Gean | WW 4004 $15.00
