# File: Disciple's Handbook - The Bitter Road.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Y€AR OF

REVELATIONS
THE DISCIPLES SURVIVAL GUIDE FOR ITIAGE: THE ASCENSION®

WA
KnicHT @F DYNAMISM,

By LYNN DAVIS, ERIC P. TAYLOR II AND RACHELLE UDELL

ou, A Ut wr"
Meebeeg VES Mba PEt

i bi Te | TS LON TS LOY yy Mh

mae es


Wena ho

i OR GS

a * 7 a+ Re LH y me eg 5" a
7]
ay. CREDITS SPECIAL THANKS
cy Authors: Lynn Davis, Eric P. Taylor I] and Rachelle Charles "Bishop" Bailey, who became one with the
Udell chair.
q
& LS Additional Writing: Kevin A. Murphy and Jess Heinig Phil "Ed Grimley" Boulle, who just arrived with that
2 = 4 Development: Jess Heinig hair.
y flrs Editing: Carl Bowen John "Green Card" Chambers, for delving into the
B b 7 Art Direction: Aileen E. Miles American travel system.
i Interior Art: Joe Corroney, Langdon Foss, Steve Steve "Pikachew... or whatever" Wieck, for feeding
SARS Prescott, Alex Sheikman us. Mmm.
aa Cover Art: Christopher Shy Carl "Last Minute" Bowen, who fixes the mistakes I
\4 Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles make at the....
Ay — Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
2 =

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, The Bitter Road, The Year
of Revelations and the Mage Storytellers Companion are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

_ THE BITTER R@AD
1G 47 Foy

hinder pe


CONTENTS

PR@L@GUE 4
INTR@DUCTION 8
| CHAPTER ONE: \W/ ELCOINE T® THE W/AR 2.
| CHAPTER TW: EVERYDAY LIFE 24
| CHAPTER THREE: TRADITI@NAL TIES 48
| CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL W/@RLD F4 3
APPENDIX: A, LITTLE ITIAGIC 18 5

CONTENTS 3

Rees TW ayn Weg WT Oe vt i ins tn a a
= ~ 4 sf ; t we 4
a FE ach des Se ri |



S

A teen
OF

=| Under the vaulted ceiling of a tremendous chamber Kyle felt insignificant

4 not only by dint of inexperience but also by architecture. He'd come to meet

#4 the Traditionalists at Lee Ann's insistence — "The broadening experience will
do you good," she'd said — but he hadn't expected an ornamental manor,a

| gathering of strange individuals with distinctly uncanny traits.... He wasn't

4 sure what he'd expected.

~ Overseeing the house was Alistair, a skilled Hermetic mage of some distinc-
tion. His hair just graying and his presence powerful, the mage projected the authority of
a leader ora teacher, which he was. He was a master linguist, in fact, who specialized in
academic translations. As Kyle took in the statuary, tapestries and well-maintained
indoor gardening, he adjusted his appreciation for linguistics upward a notch.

"Let's come to order," Alistair pronounced in a slow and resonant tone. He re-
mained standing at the head of his large, wooden table, as various other individuals
that Kyle didn't know — a woman in astranée, tight skinsuit, a short man with simple
tattoo designs and feathered trappings, a haggard paramedic — took their own seats.

PRELUDE A ITIEETING @F ITINDs


Lee Ann, for her part, lounged in one of the tremendous chairs and motioned for him
to do the same. Kyle took a seat uncomfortably and waited to learn.

Alistair nodded once in his direction. "It seems we have new blood. You've brought
in another stray, Lee Ann?"

Lee Ann nodded without much emphasis. "Yeah. He needs a little training, but he's
$ot talent, and he'll $0 a long way." She shot Kyle one of her impish grins.

Alistair peered out from under his bushy eyebrows as if scrutinizin$ Kyle for some
sort of hidden defect. Eventually, he nodded once. "Very well, he shall be counted
amoné¢ our number by your word until such time as he is released and considered a
competent magus of his own," Alistair intoned with some formality. A moment later,
he too sat down. 3

"It's $ood to have you, kid," the woman in the skinsuit said. "We've been suffering
enough losses lately. We need all the help we can get." General nods around the table
assented to her assessment.

Alistair held up a hand to silence the murmured concerns. "We have old business
first. This new recruit..."

"Kyle," Kyle putin helpfully.

"Kyle," Alistair continued, "will catch up as we $0." He nodded to his left, toward the
paramedic.

"Local situation? Crime's as bad as ever I still see a never-ending stream of trauma
patients. No exceptional ones yet," the paramedic said bitterly.

Alistair simply nodded. It seemed that they'd grown accustomed to the paramedic's
negative demeanor.

"Technocracy's lying low," the woman in the skinsuit noted. "Apparently we're not
the only one with problems. Their trans-dimensional technology isn't workin¢ right,
and they have lost a lot of their contact with their outposts. Plus, much of their
hypertech is failing too. We can expect that they won't be bothering us as much; they
have problems of their own now."

The tattooed man sighed in evident relief. "That's $o0d," he said. "MaybeI can stay
for a few extra days." He $rinned lopsidedly. Kyle noted that some of his tattoos seemed
intermingled with scars.

Alistair cleared his throat and continued. "My own resources remain stable. My
library is the primary source for our information, and it will continue to beso for the
foreseeable future. However, I've received word thata herald is arriving froma
Chantry in Portland, Oregon."

The paramedic mumbled something. Lee Ann perked up and straightened in her
seat. "Any word about what he wants? Good news?"

THE BITTER R@AD


"Apparently," Alistair continued, "he simply wishes to establish regular contact
between our cabal and his Chantry. They offer an exchanée of information and train-
ing. They too have no contact with our former mentors and leaders. Word has spread
that there will be a new Council. A meeting will be convened, although an exact loca-
tion and schedule has not yet been determined. At this meeting, the attendees will
choose their new Tradition leadership."

Lee Ann looked suitably impressed. "But if we don't have any remaining Masters..."

"Then we take what we can ¢et," the other woman finished. She flexed her mesh
$loves. "We have to move on. Our fighting may be ata lull but we have to find out
what's happened to others of our kind, get ways to train them and ourselves, continue
our projects and root out problems." General nods agreed with her position.

"Well, then, we'll need a representative and herald," Lee Ann supplied. "I'm kind of
busy. I've $ot my eye ona couple of candidates for our little conspiracy."

The paramedic shook his head balefully. "Too many people dying around here. I
can't $o."

"What about him?" theskinsuited woman asked, pointing to Kyle. "He's untainted
by our personal biases, and he needs a job to prove himself anyway." Kyle swallowed,
and his nervousness rose.

The tattooed man snorted. "Wait, are you proposing making him our de facto
leader?"

"No, no. Just our herald, I suppose. Besides, he's $ot a lot to learn, and we're $oin$ to
be stuffing his head anyway — might as well bring him up to speed on the politics as
well as themagic."

Alistair nodded slowly. "I concur Kyle, have you been inducted into a Tradition at
this time?"

Kyle shook his head. "No sir, but Lee Ann has told mea little about them."

At that, the various mages about the table took on predatory looks. Kyle had a
feeling that he was about to become the center of a tug-of-war...

PRELUDE A, ITIEETING @F ITIINDS



INTR@®DUCTION

Fe Rey

WAHATITSALLABOUT

Somewhere far to the south, the forest
burned. Trapped men blackened and perished
in the flames while their expensive equipment
and corporate structures crumbled.

_— Safely hundreds of miles away, Xoca

= 3 murmured into a banged-up telephone as he

AI huddled in the tiny public phone space. The line

was scratchy, but he'd actually managed to get an interna-
tional call through. He was fortunate — Mark wasn't
someone who was readily available for just any phone call.
Still, he was going to need a little help, and he knew that his
recent successes had pleased his ancestors enough to mean that
they'd help him. In this case, that meant that they'd help him
get in touch with Mark, who could get him what he needed.

"Youneed what?" Mark balked over the phone. Mark's
reputation for incredible escapes was built partially on his
knee-jerk response to improbable requests. He'd let every-
one know just how impossible the request really was, then
he'd jauntily fulfill it and reap the accolades of amazement.

SAAD

AULA

hy

CUM a

Li

"T's just for afew days, Mark," Xoca soothed. "A place
to lie low. You know that they aren't trading information as
well as they used to." He shifted the phone from one shoulder
to the other, turning slightly to make sure that nobody at the
run-down gas station was tampering with his stolen truck.

Mark started his characteristic wheedling. "You're ask-
ing me to get you a visa out of the country ona false name,
with no notice and with the authorities on your tail. With
your reputation?"

"T'm telling you that if you don't, I'll very likely die
here." Xoca let a bit of annoyance creep into his voice. "I
wouldn't have called if you couldn't do it."

"Yeah, well... this would take some serious mojo. Like,
favors. And a lot of legwork. It's not something that would
be easy, mate." Mark danced around the issue of his price.

Xoca decided to cut through the crap; he had no patience
for such things. He preferred to approach the world head-on.
"Here's what I have to give. I can get you several thousand
dollars worth of rare jewels, two translations of Mayan
calendar rites dealing with astronomical phenomena and a

INTR@DUCTION 9

4
iy


set of dossiers on transfers of North
American prospectives to South 7
American posts. Thatis , who's leav-
ingyour neck of the woods and coming
down to mine."

Mark paused. Finally, he gave in to
the straight-and-narrow approach. "Trans-
fer dossiers? How recent, and routed through
who?"

Xoca snorted once. "This moming, and I ain't
tellin'. You can get me and get them, or not."

"Right. Umm... I'll make a few calls. Where exactly ate
you, anyway?"

Xoca squinted out at the landscape, briefly checked
direction by the sun, then answered, "Southern Mexico."

"Can you be alittle more precise?" Mark said petulantly.

"No."

"Fine," Mark huffed. "Call me again in six hours, and I'll
let you know. But it'll be all-or-nothing — you get to the flight,
and you get out. If you miss it, | can't help you. And there's
one other thing. You're going to help me with a little
academic annotation project I've been doing. I can use
another pair of eyes."

"All I need is a window of opportunity." Xoca
grinned. "And thanks. See you in a day or so."

Xoca slung the receiver back into its cradle. Another six
hours of drivingnorth and he'd be a good distance from his enemies.
Their coordination had been destroyed along with much of their
base of operations, so they'd be slow to track him. Ifhe couldhook (7
up with Mark's flight, he'd make it back to the United States,and y
he'd be able to obfuscate his tracks completely. 2

Returning to his stolen truck, Xoca slid into the driver's ="
seat and started up the engine once more. Back in the States... Te- 29
he hadn't been there inawhile. What would he do while he "lay = -
low"? Take in an opera? Get a job? He really didn't know. z
He'd spent so many years becoming a terror of the jungle that
he had neglected to... well, to get a life. He mused about that
a bit. Eventually he decided that having a life was far harder
than simply blowing things up.. He always felt a little antsy
when away from home; he needed to be doing something.

Then again, maybe Mark would have something new to
show him. He could always use afew new tricks. And maybe
it really was time for a vacation. Annotations... Xoca was
used to teaching bomb-making and guerilla warfare, not
critiquing academic paperwork. Yes, a little change
would definitely broaden his horizons.

Surviving asa mage isn'teasy.

There are Apprentices to train
and Masters who've van-
ished, and the Technocracy ae

is breathing down ig - ee i 2

10 THE BITTER R@AD
ao Phe

wig tel Than ri


LZ
=

everyone's neck. Add to that mess the fact that nobody
can seem to work together and that there's a whole
supernatural world out there ready to exploit or kill an
unwary mage, and it's enough to make even the most
devoted sorcerer give up hope. What's a mage to do?
Ascension's a bitter road. It's a long path, fraught
with pitfalls, and it's not even the right one for every-
body. Every mage must find her own way in the world,
and this book is here to help. For those who pursue
Ascension, it's tough to say what works and what doesn't.
The Ascended don't come down from on high with hint
manuals. For those who just need to survive from day to
day in the topsy-turvy world where the Reckoning has
come, though, there's a lot of advice that may help.

W/HAT'S IN THIS BOOK

Herein, you'll find advice for both players and
characters —some couched in fables and stories handed
down by mages in the World of Darkness, others in
some additional rules or characterization suggestions
for players to bring to their games. As always, take this
information with a grain of salt. When reality is subjec-
tive, the Truth is malleable.

You'llalso find some startling bits of information from
the Year of Revelations. Mages are just picking up the
pieces from the Reckoning, and it looks like the war is just
heating up for its endgame. What you learn here might
save your mage or tear his sanity apart. Tread carefully...

Chapter One: Welcome to the War explores the
state of the World of Darkness for surviving mages.
You'll discover the recent fallout of the Ascension War
and what it means to get saddled with the debts and
problems of the Traditions. Wizard marches, warfare
and new expatriates... watch out!

!

PO Were Pe Hed YE poate
sory Ohta

opucelabaiiemlan BENE

Chapter Two: Everyday Life examines how mages
get by ina world full of Sleepers who'd fear or hate them
if the Sleepers only knew the truth. It's a broad world
out there, and there's a lot to do. More than just a
travel-guide, this chapter looks at some of the institu-
tions of the modern world and how mages might get
involved in them or run over by them. Mages have
lives, too, and they go to schools, clubs, universities,
businesses, factories, war zones, churches and all the
other places that you'll find people.

Chapter Three: Traditional Ties dives into the
responsibilities and authority of Disciples in the Tradi-
tions. Nowadays, the Disciples have to do just about
everything, from maintaining Chantries, to training
Apprentices, to forging forward with their Tradition
education. How do you do it? What does the Tradition
say about taking on more responsibility when you
barely understand a little magic yourself? Examine
heralds, the construction of Chantries, Sanctum-build-
ing, Wonder creation, advanced magical studies and
the formation of new factions within the Traditions.

Chapter Four: A Magical World opens the door
on how Disciples deal with the rest of the craziness out
there in the mystical nights. It may be tempting to seek
out vampires and werewolves for aid, but it's dangerous.
Plus, mages tend to attract strange phenomena. Here
are some examples, and some lessons to learn from.

Appendix: A Little Magic covers new rules, in-
cluding additional character creation options, some
Merits and Flaws, and a few new ways to look at your
mage's Backgrounds — especially if you plan to become
one of the new leaders of the Traditions!



a —aA

"a ARONA

a TATE MR TCA

ie
oe dled obo. Sue ebed in my voles
Maks commeds ane Bw ve li
oll of ts hommeion, Ten age. yu lew lle alves..
=m

October 10, 1999

Well, it's finally over. At least it's over for them.
Miles to go before I sleep. This evening began as yet
another dismal chapter in the unending downward fall
that has been my life for the past five years. Carmen left
me — my Apprentice. She asked way too many ques-
tions about my past, about secrets long buried, names,
numbers, weak links. I know she's got reasons. Don't we
all? But I couldn't lose another to this madness.

I waited in front of the Met foraboutan hour, hoping
she'd walk it offand come back. But when she didn't, the

[

f

CEES SW RE. Ug ery % it
‘ Date

ER CONE:
\W/ELCOME TO
THE W/AR

RR

ia Vth

U T in

RT TT RR 8,

PAULA ALG

despair came crashing in on me, and I started wandering
the city. Ended up in front of the Majestic (big surprise! ),
staring at Swarna through the greasy windows. Like a
lighthouse, I can always count on finding her when I'm
lost at sea. Carmen says I should let her know I'm alive.
Butshe doesn't understand. Separated from one another,
Swarna and I have something that borders on a remain-
der of sanity. Put us together, and the collective force of
our memories would drive the both of us stark-raving
loony. So, alone and sane it is.

But earlier tonight, I was all set to say the fuck with
that and go talk to her. Someone stopped me, thank
God. I was standing there, watching Swarna flag down
a waitress to refill her coffee, when this voice came
sailing over my shoulder.

"Ello, ‘ello. If it isn't little Jamie Lightwood. Or are
youstill insisting on calling yourself‘Winter' these days?"

I turned around and there he was, grinning like a
fool. Mark-fucking-Gillan, one of the few people in the

CHAPTER @NE: \W/ELCOINE T@® THE W/AR 13
) ;

74
rll


world that I could truly call my friend. Hadn't seen that
bastard in forever. He shifted his focus to the diner
across the street.

"She's beautiful," he said, after a moment. "Damn
shame about what happened."

"You don't know the half of it," I replied and went
back to watching her.

"T've heard stories." Mark rummaged in the pocket
of his coat and produced a slim silver case. "Cigarette?"

"No thanks." I shook my head. She was stirring
now, and I reached out to listen to the rhythmic clink-
clink-clink of metal on stoneware. Nobody can stir a
cup of coffee like my Swarna.

"That's quite a disappearing act you pulled. You
know you're a difficult person to find these days?"
Gillan lit up, dragged, exhaled in satisfaction.

"With good reason," I replied. "I didn't exactly
leave my Tradition on the best of terms. Hell, you ought
toknow. Last | heard, your old Hermetic friends weren't
exactly ready to greet you back with open arms."

"Point taken."

"What are you doing here anyway? I didn't think
the Rotten Apple was quite your scene."

"Actually, I was coming to see Swarna." He looked
away, inhaled. My stomach knotted, and I went on the
defensive.

"What the hell d'you want with her?" I barked.
Then I realized how stupid I sounded.

"Easy, Jamie," Mark grinned. "Nobody's challeng-
ing your Alpha Male status."

"Fuck you. Answer the question."

My friend took a few more drags on his cigarette,
tossed it into the gutter, whistled low.

"Well James, my boy, it's all gone to hell in the
damned baby basket."

"Oh? What's up?"

"It's a long story, but in a nutshell, the War for
Ascension has officially been declared a lost cause. It's
over, my friend. It's all over."

14 THe BITTER READ
Chae ee ae
ae ni, whetl f

| ut ide

"What? Over? What the hell happened?"
"Gotawhile? Why don't we discuss this somewhere
other than in the middle of the street?" Mark stepped off
the curb toward the Majestic.

"Wait! Not here. I can't... Just not here." He
stopped, looked at me, looked back at Swarna and
nodded.

"I understand. Let's go somewhere else."

A half-hour later, Mark and I sat at a table in
SushiZen, a pot of hot sake between us. Not a word had
been spoken since we left the Majestic. For my part, I
was still trying to swallow his statement. I won't even
hazard a guess as to the reasons for his silence. Mark was
a deep one when he was young, and the world has
abused us both a lot since then. Anyway, he poured and
stared at the steaming clear liquid for several minutes
before he spoke.

"When did you know it was over?" he asked. "When
did you realize that the Associates couldn't continue?"

"God, Mark..."

"Look, you're gonna have to talk about it some
time. It's been five fuckin' years; you've got to be past it
by now."

"Five lifetimes won't get me past what I've been
through."

"James, you owe me. | didn't have to tell you about
all that Helekar shit, but you asked me as a friend, so 1
told you. Now I'm asking you as a friend. Besides, I'm
going somewhere with this. When did you know it was
over?"

"We were over long before we started. I don't know
what made us think we could go against the Technoc-
racy without the support of our individual Traditions
and the blessing of the Council, but we had to do
something. Lord knows that they weren't. Anyway, I
think the real turning point was realizing that the
Technocracy wasn't responsible for any of our termi-
nally screwed up formative years. You know? Swarna's
parents being killed, my mum's death?"


le mele ls rally lage be Acer, Bil
My ved lis wn oe Id Ue hifrnd Atens

"Your mother's murder. Who was responsible for "What do you know? Don't think I'm letting you off
that?" Mark asked. He sipped his drink. "Or do you _ easy here."

know?" I muttered a vitriolic curse, drank two shots of sake
"Let's just say that House Helekar wasn't the only _ in rapid succession, and closed my eyes. The pain came
source of corruption within the Euthanatos." anyway. "I always thought that my father was a rat-
"And?" He gestured for me to continue. bastard. I just never realized how much of one he truly
"And what? was. He always told me that a Man in Black killed my

mum. Turns out, he did it himself. Didn't even blink."

CHAETR pe Wacome Te THE WAR 15
lew MGT "Waa rk rah ‘, Al rei 4, ory eid "4 vrh splay
ty 5 i 7 day 4

}
Mass xf

a.


"How'd you figure that out?"

"I was there. I was just a little kid at the time.
Bastard put up a block in my head so I wouldn't
remember."

"Christ, Jamie, I had no idea. I'm sorry I even
brought it up," Mark whispered. It was a sign of our
friendship that he allowed even the slightest furrow to
appear between his eyebrows. Usually Mark was com-
pletely unflappable. He drained his cup.

"That's not all," I said and took a deep breath.
"Apparently all your jumping up and down over the
corruption in Helekar got someone's attention in the
hallowed halls of Hermes. I mean, what better excuse
for harassing the rest of the Euthanatos? Dad was
already tainted. Jhor, you know? And he was up to
something big. To this day, I still can't figure out what.
At any rate, he went on another little spree and killed
seven people, two of whom were Swarna's parents.
Unfortunately, she witnessed the whole thing. Trouble
is, dad didn't have the time to clean up properly."

tis é
er - rae
bite eis

"So he didn't work any sort of mental mojo on her?"

"No. But he knew she'd be a problem. When she
got older and started asking questions, he sent out afew
of his confederates to take her out. They left her to
bleed to death in the snow. I mean, Chakravanti just
don't do that sort of thing. Goes against everything we
believe in. Lucky thing I just happened along when I
did. Of course, when I found her, I had no idea who had
attacked her or why. It was only much later that it
blindsided the both of us."

"That's some seriously heavy info to have it just
fall on you like that." Gillan combed his fingers
through his hair. "So that's what did it? That's what
convinced you to give up?"

"Pretty much. We knew we wanted to quit, but by
that time, it was too late. We were stuck in it."

"Sounds familiar. I was really pulling for you guys.
It took guts to get out there and do the right thing."

. es BITTER Reap)
(| inqeg rae
¢ 0) \ i iM lg |

"Well, we were doing something. Whether it was
the right thing...." I shrugged and poured myself more
sake. It was time to change the subject. "So, we've lost."

"Yeah, but not in the usual sense. No final battle
with the Technocrats or anything grand like that. Well,
there was Doissetep, but that was something else en-
tirely. No. It was more like a surrender, an acceptance
of a defeat that had been decided many years earlier. I
think they realized, at last, that the Technocracy was
just too strong, too many of us were dying without
making a difference. Of course, in our infinite wisdom,
we thought that by dying we were making a difference.
Rather foolish, don't you think?"

"Maybe," I considered. "I've made more of a differ-
ence now that I'm supposedly dead than I ever did when
I was alive."

Mark smiled. "How so?"

"Well first of all, I just don't give arat's arse anymore.
I mean, there's no more Tradition bullshit, hidden agen-
das, clandestine meetings, none of it. I just live, as much
as youcan live like this. I read. I study. | avoid trouble and
break it up if I see it coming anywhere near me. Every
now and again, I'll trip over a kid or two what's got the
spark and I teach them. They know who I am, who I was.
But I don't teach them like we were taught. I don't teach
them to fight; I teach them to survive. And in most cases,
it's enough. There are a few rare cases — kids coming
from one Tradition or another — where I get questions
about the Technocracy and our great and mighty holy
war. They want to know when they canstart fighting, but
I never give a straight answer. Eventually they leave."

"And you call that making a difference?" he asked.

"Yes. Yes, Ido. And you want to know why? Because
I'm keeping myself sane and I'm keeping them alive.
Everyone says that the Technocrats killed the Associ-
ates, but that's not true. We did it to ourselves. And it was
my fault. Yes, the idea of it all, that was Swarna's, but I
was ultimately responsible for her. I trained her. Trained
her to fight to the death for an Ascension we knew we'd
neversee in our lifetimes. And that's what we did. Fought
to the death. And look what it cost us."

Mark was silent. I flagged down a waiter and or-
dered another pot of sake.

"You want food, you order now," the man said in
broken English. "Sushi bar close in twenty minute."

"We're fine, I think." I looked to Gillan for confir-
mation. He nodded. "Just the sake and the check." The
waiter made a polite bow and went about his business.

"You were right, you know," Mark began. "When
you said it was over before you started."

"Why is that?" I asked.

nit ‘t; HA

Q pete vty

ait


"Most of us on the outside could see that the War
had become pointless and costly. There were even
those within the Traditions who were questioning the
sanity of fighting toward common Ascension. But like
I said before, it was easier for the Council to struggle
away in denial than to fully accept the truth. You all
weren't the only ones bucking the system, but you were
the most visible. For a while, some folks thought you
might pull the whole thing off, but eventually they took
you down just like they'd taken down so many others.

"We've always known, myself and others like me,
that the Traditions are far too fragmented, far too
enmeshed in their own petty affairs to wage any kind of
consistent battle against the Order of Reason. And
then, too, we realized something else. The Technoc-
racy is necessary. Despite all the trouble its agents have
caused us in the past, for all that its members have tried
to imprison us, change us, twist us to their way of
thinking, the Technocracy serves a purpose, a noble
one if you come right down to it. Jamie, they're not the
evil empire we've been led to believe they are." I
suppressed a chuckle and shook my head.

"I cannot believe that I'm actually about to say this,
but I have to admit that you're right. It's always oc-
curred to me that their structure, their fierce adherence
to organization, lends them a unique ability to control
the more chaotic forces that exist out there. There are
things that they know, things they keep contained and
hidden from the eyes of the mundane world. If their
walls were ever to crumble and fall, then all of us, both
Sleepers and Awakened, would be at serious risk."

Pe

beeen: Gh pales
|e bn eben Te

wrcondontelle volion —

"Ws seal of Seni
Wel de

bo dei i

‘elaps
vol hom Pipa 2 heme

tts a a $I a 4
FX \
cy ) 7
Y ,
YY,
PAR
\
2 x i
are Ses
A meas
a OF. « \ Q
3 hf (5) & ‘
} of;
f —
LAM M a ah C3
& eae ——SS
oP) fie oe s (Ses aq: ;
s/t Eo oun

SHOEI ieee cers T® THE W/AR
"aM Atal

17


"That's what frightens me the most right now,"
Mark said. "With every passing day, the Technocracy
seems to be doing just that — crumbling in on itself. We
both know, they're notall bad. Asa matter of fact, in my
own wanderings, I've met quite a few Conventioneers
with very high ideals."

"And then you have places like MECHA, and this
business with...what's the name of that corporation?"

"Ah, you mean that one Syndicate division. The
name doesn't matter; it's just a label to slather over the
double-dealing. Yes. The Technocracy has its share of
corruption. A good healthy share. And that's what's
rattling their collective cages right now. Stuff that's
been buried for years and years is finally floating up to
the surface. It's gonna be a rough road ahead."

"Yeah, for all of us," | mumbled. Mark gave me a
serious look.

"We need to be prepared. That's why I wanted to
talk to Swarna. We need to change our focus, and she's
already headed in the right direction. You know she's
training Orphans?"

"I'd heard." The waiter arrived with our sake and
the check. Mark settled the bill and waited until the
other man was out of earshot to continue.

"It's time to implement Plan B," he said.

"Plan B?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Don't laugh. It's time to take a good hard look at
what we've been doing wrong for the past fifty or so
years and correct it."

"All right. Sounds reasonable."

"For example, think back to your own training.
What do you remember most about it?"

"That it was too fucking long and boring. I mean,
ten years? It's a little excessive. And then all that
protocol and kissing up to the Masters in the hopes that
they'd throw you something, anything."

"Tell me about it," Mark laughed. "The Order of
Hermes is not exactly noted for its open and expedient
study program. What else?"

"Well. To be quite honest, I never really bought the
whole party line. Yeah, I was raised with it, but still it
never made all that much sense. I mean, come on. We,
the great and mighty Awakened Ones, are mankind's
only hope for Ascension, and therefore as masters of
destiny must strive relentlessly against any and all that
would work to undermine our goal? Give me a fuckin'
break! It's ludicrous."

"Agreed. And that's why we need to stop training
our Apprentices and Initiates as if they're going off to
fight in some bloody cosmic war. We've been so busy

looking down our noses at each other for so long, that we
never considered that the use of magic simply for survival
and individual advancement might be the way to go."

The Order 0h Homes wel 0s on viividal
sate ee them...
Nei whet
be Traditions emo lle
a oe "hae honen
wed \on alrocline tlel ad fo cing bo
we ee a
nO

lt At ty te thea
they lial lave 0 much sch

‘eke og
dn yee sce oe yo

jullie bl le los

Made Ei ‘nb Asan)
mae ic Ua le add,

tel pp a ae ks politics lave
blll min

"So what happens now?" I asked. "Do the Tradi-
tions simply dissolve, vanish into the mists or some crap
like that? What about the Chantries and the structure
that's there now? | mean, what? Was there a memo
telling everyone to pack it in and go home?"

"I wish it were that easy. You and I both know that
nothing with the Traditions simply dissolves. They've
been discussing this in committee since time immemo-
tial. They'll still be discussing it for at least another ten
years or so."

We drank our sake and talked until they booted us
out of the restaurant. Afterwards, we walked uptown
through the theatre district, watching the common
throng pass by.

"Any one of these people could be on the verge of
Awakening," Mark said. He lit up another cigarette.
"Any one of them could already be Awakened and in
search of some answers."

"So what do we do about it?" I asked. "I mean, it
sounds to me like all the high and mighty Masters have
trundled off, leaving the rest of us to fend for ourselves."

"And that's about the right of it."

ae st ite |

ch pth |


wamint |

A

—a

We found ourselves on the edges of Central Park,

so we decided to head back to Lincoln Center and sit by
the fountain. Mark continued to talk as we walked.

"It apparently started with the Verbena and the
Dreamspeakers. They headed for the hills, Apprentices,
Adepts and all. It took a while for the others to discover
they were gone. They even deserted the remnants of the
Council, so | hear. Well, you can only imagine the kind
of brouhaha that commenced after that! The Choristers
were pleased as punch that the pagans had finally va-
cated the premises until they stopped to ask themselves
why. And then they started their own slow disappearing
act. The Adepts and the Etherites, who had been taking
the brunt of the damage up to that point, were the first
ones to suggest surrender. Well, all except Dante, but
then he's always been something of an iron juggernaut
where the War's concerned.

"Anyway, there was a resounding ‘No!' from the
Hermetics, who hada great deal of pride invested in this
whole endeavor. Of course, the Cultists had to ask,
‘What war?" but then they've never been active enough
in the physical world to care anyway. Surprisingly, it
was an agreement between the Brotherhood and the
Euthanatos that decided it all."

I blinked and shook my head to clear it.

"Did I just hear right? Did you say that the Akashics
and the Euthanatoi agreed on something?"

"Yeah. Shocked the hell out of me too when I heard.
Apparently they got tired of all the rest constantly
bitching and moaning at each other. A decision was
reached quickly. The current Traditions would remain
intact. Minus the obvious parties, of course. In the
meanwhile, the word was to go out that the Traditions
had declared a cease-fire and retreat. Students were to
focus on their own individual development and progress.
Ascend if you want to and on your own time. That sort
of thing. Instead of marching in lockstep with a Tradi-
tion, Apprenticesand Initiates were encouraged toexplore
their own mystic goals and ambitions. Also, Disciples
like us were directed to go forth and make ourselves
available for those who seek guidance, training, what-
ever. The kicker, of course, is that this all comes from
other Disciples who've taken leadership roles. The Primi
are out of touch, and the Traditions are foundering, so it's
really just whoever steps up to the plate."

"Man," I laughed. "I can almost feel the panic
ensuing as we speak! They honestly expect people who
have been hand-held all their magical lives to instantly
charge forth and fend for themselves?"

"Now you see why I've been chatting you up all this
while. It's going to be absolutely mad out there."

wablig YEA

Rae Re Ag

fee,
tal id to

;

No tbl,

ow cele, clog Vinionenics, mages 0 6 erp ste
acon to jell easly ido e Tredition nd. Some ble wilh Tradition in
te peal, Ld if weal weeny 04 common, he fo theals We
Canswe ood Breslin, Mle ell, ach 1 andl dledively
event memes aoowed, 40 "Traditions musl offer incentives
odes ene ace Less loeclon. Te Ivditions will snely smsive,
(ed tay will abso codeindy be

api,

iad ype hfs Jp iat Be
fini. Nol only exe Disciples loling 00 mento roles, Ud were
in Disc 24 leaden, lle of new hactions, lends of
eee Sh im,

I nodded and watched the water jets spit up water
in choreographed patterns. What my friend was tell-
ing me sounded true based on my own experiences,
but there was still something nagging at me. I tried to
take my mind off of it by searching for Carmen
among the small pockets of people that lingered in
the courtyard around us. She needed to hear what I
was hearing. She needed to meet Mark Gillan. And
as I thought about her, about our argument and her
outraged zeal, something clicked. I had forgotten to
ask a very important question.

"What about those who choose to take up the
torch and carry on the work as usual? We both know
certain individuals who would deliver themselves into
the arms of the Grand Technocrat himself wrapped in
a ribbon and tied in a bow rather than quit, lie down
and die. You mentioned Dante. I could add some more
names to that list. And what about all the other
enemies out there? The Nephandi have taken lesser
opportunities than this to chip away at us. Isn't any-
body in the least bit concerned by this?"

Mark considered for a moment, trailed his fingers
through the illuminated water. "You're absolutely
right to ask that question. And it's true that there are
those who will refuse to accept the mandate of the
Council, such as it is. What's different is that those
small pockets of Tradition warriors are now having to
scrape up their own resources. Most of the old farts
took their books, spells and incantations with them

CHAPTER NE: WELCOME Te THE W/AR 19


TTT

T

TTT TTTTT

me

(ae

TET AAR TATE.

‘(TT

when they vanished. Others took control of whatever
Umbral Realms they were living in at the time, gave
most of the residents the boot, closed the doors and
changed the locks. They're having to fend for them-
selves. On the topic of the Nephandi, I think they're
far too busy with the changes to the Underworld to
bother with us. At least for the time being."

a ee,

dnply ised tL Conious, conibeing his

wedi Cle Bsr aA -
a at
soa 1s ede, aa cel mac las wl

y Foal, Nol tel this is a bad lh,

"Speaking of prophecy, " I said. "There's this
woman, lives in the East Village, says she sees visions
of things to come. ‘They' call her Phoenix, and she's
drunk more often than not. She says she drinks to keep
the voices quiet."

, oe Brrter ——

ul wlel we need — evaller Veer,
a

"So doa great percentage of the other people in this
city," Mark smirked. "What's your point?"

"Well, she's one of us, to start. And the things she
says are bloody alarming if you stop to give them any
concentrated thought."

"One of the mad ones, then?"

"No, I don't think so. Something big happened to
her, messed up her head a little, but she's not com-
pletely gone. Some people can't claw themselves back
up onto the field, you know?"

"So what's she say?" he asked. He'd put on his
‘amused skeptic' face.

"Oh, some of the usual. You know... big day of
reckoning coming, some major confrontation in the
supernatural world, the beginning of a new era. There's
also a bit of contemporary fin de siecle charm thrown in.


Apparently the Adepts aren't going to fare too well in
the post-year-2000 thing."

Gillan chuckled. "Sounds like every other dime
store psychic out there these days. Well, except for that
bit with the Adepts."

"And except for the part about the Batini."

Mark stopped laughing. "S'cuse me, the what?"

"She says the Ahl-i-Batin are coming back. What's
more, they never left. They weren't completely wiped
out, just severely crippled. Shall we say there's going to
be quite a house cleaning when they get back? Phoenix
thinks that Nostradamus' prediction of a Middle East-
ern army was in fact a vision of the Batini's return. At
the very least, it will be a Batini leading the troops."

ig ae Bld we
Teli ~ oe doh led tgs fo come,

"Mmmmm. Sounds like we may indeed feel the
bite of that old Chinese curse: May you live in
interesting times."

"Yes," I replied. "But it's not all sackcloth and
ashes, is it? I mean, think about it, Mark. We've finally
got the freedom to do what we've wanted to do for the
longest time. Mages aren't going to be limited by their
Traditions any longer. True, it's going to be bloody
difficult, but the potential is there for real growth and
expansion. Perhaps this is what real Ascension feels
like. Or at least the first step towards it."

"Could be, Rabbit. Could be."

"So. You can't be the only one with a plan. What
have you heard? I mean, have the Dreamspeakers and
the Verbena really vanished?"

"Notall of them. There are rumors, as is usual with
anything mages do. They deal more with the realms of
spirit, so sometimes they see things coming down the
pipeline long before the rest of us. 1 spoke to one
woman, a Verbena Initiate, who said that their oracles
—not the Ascension kind, just the seers — had seen
what she called another burning time. An era where
technology is so strong and reality so defined in black
and white that people outside that definition, people
like us, will be singled out and hunted far more
ruthlessly than we are now. Since both the witches

and the shamans have had trouble with that sort of
thing before, they're headed for Sanctuary while the
opportunity still exists.

"Jalso heard arumor that some of the Dreamspeakers
have been in contact with the wolves." Mark cast his
gaze out over the random populace of the city for a few
moments before looking back down at his shoes.

"That's odd," I said and scratched my head. "I
thought the wolves didn't like us much, if at all. From
what I've heard, they'd kill us as soon as look at us."

"Apparently one of their packs or tribes or what-
ever they call them has more of an indigenous history
than the others. Given the current climate, it makes
sense for the two factions to put aside any differences
they might have and band together for a common
cause. It's possible that they sense some kind of com-
ing conflict as well."

A deli ie sei il elie pg 9
tel min em nc

"So what about the ones left behind? There are
always a few that don't get the word."

"From what I understand, the Verbena at least have
some sort of ally network through Sleeper pagan groups,
metaphysical bookstores and the like. That way, they can
direct those that want to leave to the outside meeting
places and those that want to stay to safe havens. Also,
it helps them find newly Awakened ones that are drifting
towards their way of thinking. It's possible that the
Dreamspeakers have their own network set up and their
own covers and fronts in place. Especially given their
Tradition's size. They do, after all, include a huge variety
of groups from all over the world."

"And the others? Seems to me that the advent of a
new technological age would be the signal to party for
the Adepts."

Mark nodded and stamped out the cashed butt of
his smoke. "I've heard rumors there too. That all the
Adepts plan to rejoin the Technocracy and take the
Sons of Ether with them. That the Adepts are going to
have their own little civil war in cyberspace, those who
wish to rejoin the Technocracy revolting against those
who wish to continue the fight. There's word that even
they are disappearing into the night, afraid that the
coming change might compromise the Web."

CHAPTER ®NE: W/ELCOINE Te THE W/AR 21
SE abate!
ae oe

¢

Oc\t
yy Mk


"Either that, or they've heard things about the
Batini that they've chosen not to share with the
rest of us."

Gillan shrugged. "It's all speculation anyhow. Most
of the Adepts I've run into over the course of my life
have been more concerned with their own individual
research on Ascension through technology to worry
much about what's happening in the world of flesh."

"True. Of course I don't really keep up with them
these days, but last I heard, the Euthanatos were trying
to mount some big ‘Back to India' thing."

"I'd heard that too," Mark said, laughing. "I have to
admit. Your people are mighty strange. You and the
Ecstatics. Organization has never been a big part of the
Cult anyway. I'd imagine that they'll continue on,
business as usual."

"And the Euthanatos will recede into the shad-
ows, coming out only when it's necessary. I see them
suffering the most from this change, and from the
coming apocalypse, if it's indeed imminent. Those
who study the karmic wheel are often feared and
misunderstood. It wouldn't surprise me if a good num-
ber of them turned to vampire-hunting in their copious
amounts of spare time."

"Vampire-hunting?" Mark asked. "I'd think
the Death Mages might line themselves up with
the Undead."

"Nope. The living dead are an abomination to
most Chakravanti. They disrupt the natural turning of
the wheel. The more of them in the world, the harder
it is to maintain the balance between life and death.
Although adversity does make for strange bedfellows.
You could be right."

il emi

mere Da alta
os SI bo
Sto Se

"Like I said, it's anyone's guess." He rose and
stretched. "The one thing I'm certain of, though, is this:
Regardless of what happens, the structures we call the
Traditions will continue to exist. They might be changed
on the surface, but at the heart, they'll continue.
Perhaps the old Masters have had the last laugh after all.
Do you remember Porthos?"

"Yes. Who doesn't remember Porthos?" I laughed.

THE BITTER R@AD

"The old man was wacko, but he knew what he
was doing. I think he realized that as we mages get
older, we tend to stagnate and lose touch. He realized
it's necessary for the old ones to step away from the
table and let the new kids figure things out for them-
selves. It's possible that this latest abandonment has
been a long time coming."

"You think?" | asked, and stood to stretch myself.
Mark took a deep breath and pulled his coat a little
tighter around his shoulders. A few couples lingered
around the fountain, but the temperature had been
steadily dropping, forcing most of the pedestrians to
seek a warmer locale.

"Well, just look at you and Swarna. You didn'thave
to disappear out of her life. You could have picked her
up, taken care of her yourself, gone on with your lives
together. Why didn't you?"

"] ask myself that question all the time. I mean,
every day, at some point, I go back there, revisit that
sequence of events. We run, I get shot, and I see the
look of absolute helplessness on her face. And then
I'm yelling at her to run, even though I know I can
pull off the Correspondence Effect for the both of us.
But I couldn't do it, Mark. I couldn't take her with
me. Because if I took her with me, she'd be helpless
forever, she'd rely on me for everything. I had to let
her go, let her hurt and bleed and cry, so she'd learn
to fend for herself."

"And there, my friend, is the answer," Mark in-
toned. "A world of young mages has been left to learn
for themselves. And it's painful. Any forced separation
is. But we'll be better off for it in the long run. Oh, sure,
there will still be mentors and teachers, and eventually
some of us will declare our own Mastery of the Arts, but
we'll have done it our own way by our own tules.
Anyhow. I've taken up enough of your time, and I still
want to see Swarna before I move on."

We said our good byes and parted ways. I watched
Mark recede into the darkened jungle of taxicabs and
neon, hunkering down further into that massive
trenchcoat of his. My friend had been alone and on
the run almost as long as I'd known him. Said he
liked it that way; Traditions be damned. But I'd
always suspected that he couldn't drift alone for long
without wanting to make his own small difference in
the universe.

When I got back home, I found Carmen waiting for
me on my doorstep. She still thinks I'm a bastard for
holding out on her, but she admits that she still needs
a teacher, and I'm the only one she's got. So she's
crashed out in her usual spot on my couch, and I'm up


writing this. I told her as much as I could about my tomorrow afternoon. Still, I can breathe easy. The
meeting with Mark. Ofcourse I had togiveherthe basic _ madness is over. Finally I can get some rest. But like I
history lesson, and she fell asleep in the middle of it, so said before, it'll be a long time before | sleep. Hell,
my own implementation of Plan B will have to wait for _there's just too much to do.

Aid tlel, io mall, is uly cu job just gol barler kd palodindly mene revealing, We dol lave the resonces or bo fol tle hands
appeal lle oigined tel we wee sppoued fo We have to le Suilites male some oh Ucis owe misleles, een tle ropes ix wey
tot mean exaling Co (lem, Vis is wded we lve fo each — te Traditions, enflig dic, ore jl fools, We al wed lo ie wals
imped fo ws, tee o}Coling tle seme py Fre (els lecn popegeel owe leu conta eal canon Ud i's tle Ore "huh

ah

CHAPTER @®NE: WELCOME To THE WAR
PS » vel; en ee a a go:
eo PTS LO fay Weg VEN He Pe TS eT
! see Ee lig 4 BY 4 ra ‘ 1" Oy ee Oe es
a Ve | '* atk Bt oes fb ~



mA

. uy = oe . 7 :

a

PTA OU AM A

EMEA GC

Sue miele guy
eis exe sce ro ear hen :
Ta i lt ae ld tod a yh ba

fe el bv te we pot . wi flan sud Jor te ic ra dey ws iit
Te ios dams tf ee Wei yap a Mal
in
z . Process,

ob sell it, reabizing I, ‘ f 8 Mile lt ob on excess bo hic
tw ld hell 2 bed nee tt Mb my tad
4 a oa nae * jibes allel 1 4 tes llaly we vise of

mn ine ye ame of Cy werk laugh al
a i lel de a wi eal al ds le ed

nea
— oa"

=
i

haw
or

aca

‘

ie

CHAPTER TWe: EVERYDAY LIFE we | iv

‘ Was Beis ; tae
VEN ya APN yy RAT Ca Babich Ste
4 es fet Jp =

%

a.
~

FYE UE. Sg AE
at i ~ i r

"Mid
af x } NS 9

4

iT 72 fais

euibein

Tt ahuaya stort with the dream Clean, solid ond real Tm walking down-a:desent highway. The asphalt ia
cracked, ond what Jittle motatune nemaina in the ground ripples up into the ain in waver Now Im in front oF a. mailbox,
Tt juts up out of the parched eonth, a defiant metal thing, Theres no house to claim it, and the amall atrip of concrete
driveway next to it enda broken ond dusty a few feet off. Ita juat 0 maifbox. An envelope weighs heavy in my hands,
There's money, Jota of it. Five thousand dollana to be exact, I know thia because I can feel each individual biLl, crisp,
Amooth and green, Theres a napkin From the Standuat casino with on address scribbled on it, and there ia a block and
white photograph The man amifing out at me looks Forifian About 40, Business auit, Graying at the templea Aa I
Atudy the Face, I can see everywhere at once, all point From my one central point. The Face in front of me, the car
pulling up behind me, the weird ripple in the rock Face a few feet of. The gontlomana nent, Windaor-trotted tie, the...
all, Jean woman emerging from Flame, the dave men striding forth from the mountain ituelf. She soya, Get inj ond I
brow there ia no question I get in the can The motor rumbles Jike no animal even heard anywhere ot Earth af

When T open my eyea, the man waits For me, perched on the end of my bed Jike some great, ancient bind, droped From
head to toe in donk rbea Only hia eyen ane amcovered, and they glow blue in the davk They push me. back into the
mattreaw ita a weight I can feel He apenka but I hear a barely audible nop. It dives me So mutch 20 that
Tm fowed to get up and go to my worktable Even then, the atnuctunea, the thinga I drow... theyre juat weird, T
gales ll al
j wife Morgan doeant umdenatand, but ake accepts it, She fovea me, wakes me up in time for work with a bias
and bot coffee, Sometimes ake gathers sp her courage to ask me about the drawings, ond then ake begs meto aleep .
Boch put cen, Bt T cont ep Tt elt en lt th dam ol he ela yet
> Tell hen about the Fine woman, The fine woman — abe's the one Inn building it alt For, :

SE.

Cond Fomel haa invited me to a party in Los Vegas tomovow,

Hea an enigma to everyone, including me, and Im kis beat Friend, Imagine the quinteasentiol fresh-faced nich boy
with great hain, deaignen clothes and a different con every month Hea that quy The one who thew the wildest parties
in college ond yet managed to graduate at the top of Wia cloaa OF come he's insanely popular, but thenea juat
something ..odd about kim He makes people umconfortable in ways they cart dexente. Ever women, They prosn and Flint
ond Fall all over each othen fon the chance to talle to him, but it never geta them anyuhene I caked him about it once,
and all he said waa, Cody, I got to introduce you to thia int T lnow; Hea the only one who acens to undenstond my
drawings, and he's the only one I show them to, OF comme, he toufea in tenma of celestial mathematics and quotes Fron
Adolonty texts the names of which Ive neven heard before But then, according to my wife, "Hea as crazy Qs you ane,
She anilea wken she anya thea,

No exeuea, Cody; he says Morgana viaiting hen siaten in Boaton, ao dont use your wife aa a scapegoat, I expect
to see you there" 3

5/46, noon'
My fife in oven
5/2/96.

Were do I Fuckin atant? Conda party, I queaa It waa a huge deal ‘People came in From aa fox away ax London
and Hong Kong, even Cond haa atwoys rum with the fost ond Furious But these folks were even mare intense than
uauol Thnga got atanted at 6 pm Twelve hours ater, the DJ was atill going atrong, the drinks were still Hlowing,
and the women still Looked good. I ducked outside to get some cin, and aa I passed through the door, I toased 0 hello

42 Te BITeR ew


HEME ZL"

bg m —n owns

To a man, 40iah, with graying templea He wore a
nicely cut auit and @ aife tie wound in a Windsor knot,
T got on intense cose of d6ja vit, but nothing negia~
tered, I didnt know any better, so I avugged it off. T
woant out the door thee minutes when the screaming
Atanted,

My change back inaide was blocked by a wall of
maddened humanity that wos Fleeing fon ita life in the
opposite direction, Im Lucky I didnt get my happy ass
trampled to death, Weind sounds come From the. main
party aren Jike static electricity and music funneled
through a distortion fitter, AL of a audden, the world
became immense T could bean and see everything at
once, Dont know tow, Aa T nounded the comen, I wos
Living my dream, But thia waa a part Id skipped.
Choos had put down sticks ond set up shop. Screaming
women, Seneaming men, "Blood on the Floor, broken
gloss, the amell of Fear, panic and wine, Strange man
Jike thinga clad From head to toe in some kind of
Jenthery black akin, They wore masks that made them
Lock Sike all-American Football atana in bondage, These
Freak-Faced monatoaition chased ond killed the Fonmenty
conefnee questa with an eerie Alowneas bordering on
ronchatance. In the conten of it atl, Cand hung aua-
pended in ain, Wis Face a sheet of pain, Fean and agony,
In Front of him atood the man Id anid hello to, The one
in the auit,

The one From your dream, dip-alit! Now huooy the
Fate supl

Thats what the voice akouted at me oven the
pandemonium, Two seconds faten, ita owmen reached
acroas the room, picked me up, and yanked me through a
nectangulan patch of non-apace, Oven the receding
doumds of tenon, T heard Cand shout, The desert, Cody
Go row! Rum Then a scream and the dripping of
domething thick. My insides snapped. I think it was my
heart, becouse this noise ripped out of me at a deafen
ing Level, I hunted it ond alt the confused nage that
roiled inside me at the things that killed Cand, watched
as space contorted, matted and changed,

Shitt Now youve done it! Ram dann itt

T ran,

pee
=

=
Pe

Sew
vr

—

CHAPTER TWe: EVERYDAY LIFE

a wr '
Lig VEY Mya PPL MRA

a

Cg ae ga
uy RU |


gs Re PR ey
Swining black robea enfolded it completely, except for the eyea that glowed a fathoneas blue, The Man He didnt
match the voice at all Who... what the hell ane yout? I asked,

What am I? it replied. Kid, Tm you Now hang on, wene stopping Just do what youne Told, all night?
Non-apace akidded to a halt and dumped me out on a deaent kigeuay Tha part I remembered. Well, not my
Atomack trying To tune me inside out, but the heat ond the cracking pavement — now that wos Famifion When I got to
The mailbox, thene waa the envelope with the 5,000 dollars, the napkin From the Stardust casino and the photo of the.0#
saat oiled Card: Fanel Liv chedao the ck pall-ay Sei we. Fmt soi Roe wes sh ft

ron-apace, 0 I got a good Long fock at the can and the woman emenging From it, Zt

Te El Camino was metallic block with bideacant Flame detefing that moved ond xpled along the iden It locked
fike youd burn yowuelf if you Touched it, It waa that neal, Even the tint job on the windows moved and swirled. Fine
inl! must hot fie tat. "Elack ant avon enue Sekig nd eau all it

Get ink ake anid, The gin wos tall with Long inky hain, copper akin and dave, serious eyer She had on black boot,
black eathen pants and a cxnpped T-alant that showed off hen tattooed midhaff. A ring oF Fine, I jumped in the con ox

pCanda lethal party craskena, emenged From the mountain Theylt catch up to aa T abouted. Tue been here before.

| Ste Joveled that atone at me fora second, then nodded. "Spin the wheel, Friend. Think your know how'? She had the
Jexieat Chicano accent. I alvwigged, closed my eyes anyuay Pictured a roulette wheel in my head and gave it a dyin
\ Felt ike T waa gonna hunt again When I finally opened my eyes I waa Lying on starched aeeta that ametled fike

"tavern Hoe The ta fcr Hatt awe me He alma dou a Ted my nC? le uke, Yu
awoke now? My name ia Zydeco Jones ond Im gonna help you out of this mean Cond sent me —

My beat Friend is dead, There ia a atnange woman cocking eqqa in my wifes kitchen and on Ef Camino in my
driveway that ia centain to generate an. smending atream of goasip among my neigibora I just held a magnifying gloss
amp to the Face of Hell, and it wos the most howifying, bowel-shaking expenence Ive ever had I feel fike Ive been num
Through a garlic press Tm coughing up blood, mucous and othen weind aubstancea I think I touched someting neatly
out-there today Pertopa it waa the snunce, That elusive universal energy that powers al! my creations of fantasy, I
want to do it again

S/S

Mangan juat called She anya, You sound Fumy. Ta something wrong?

Me: "Baby... Thene waa on accident. Cand is in the hospital' The fies mone For my benefit than For hena,

Here ‘Oh my god! What happened'? Ta he going to be alight?

Me I don't know, Tim gorma be in Vegas fon a little while, a week on ao I queaa'

Tm not going to Loa Vegaa I dont row where Im going, but I cant atay hone. I find myself atoning off into
space For hours at a time Tm not just atoning at the wall — Im sveing other places, watching othen people, Tha cant
be possible, but its happening. Zydeco congratulated me on awakening, Like Ive even needed praise fon getting out of bed
in the mowing. Shea taking me to meet Conds boaa Fanny, I didn't thine he even had 0. job.

5/20/96.

Td say T waa enazy iF only thia didnt feel 20 right. Magic, 20 Im told, ia neal Zydeco introduced me to the reat

of Cond frends It's an interesting group of people,

8 ie BITTER BaP

LE 4
manny ' fdr 1 at ie '" .

}
pasa ) :
rine yt ue AS

Wa ee Dn Re

Patna — mate, forks about 26,37, ia probably a Lot olden, General consenaua ia that he rows everything there

ia to know about evenything, Hes the "lender of tha
dont know what thia

organization ia exactly) The others cal! kim, Master Petrus sometimes, out of

ization and the one with the most experience, (Although I stile

‘ond on

account of hia talent He considers kinuelf a member of the Onden of Hommes, but he claims to know the secrets of a

boat of other qroupa I cant remember the names of.

‘Dn Priya Ganesk — female, 2Oisk Note Ganesha, in Hindu theology, is the removen of obstacles She anid ake
wan delighted to meet another Scientiat! (Thats with a capital S and an exclamation point.) I told hex I waant a
acientiat, Im not, Im an architect. She just amiled and anid, Welt see: Zydeco told me to show hen my drawings The
‘e.good doctor wos quite impreased. Shea given mea nathen inteneating book to read, Ita weind, but it makes a strange

find of serve if you wrap youn mind around it just right.

Zydeco Jonea — already desended, apparent age, 25, If Petrus ia the braina behind this operation, then Zydeco ia
the brawn Tue never sven one woman canny ao many different kinds of inatont death When I caked hen if ake could se

them all, she gave

f the dienm qua T heard hex uhixgen, T inew they were

me this Lok Well, it answered my question She ikea to Look at my drawinga, eapeciatly the ones

which Jeada me to wonden whether wene on the same

dream Frequency, I oak hen about the Man, but alt I get ia anothen Lock

My name is Ozymandias Cody, and you, intrepid
friends, have just been reading the events of my life, circa
three years ago. Sounds familiar, don't it? Big bad wake-up
call, some really strange things, even stranger people
trying to convince you it's all normal? Yes. I'm sure it does.
But as you're well aware, the world as we know it has
undergone some pretty radical changes in recent days, and
it's no longer viable to rely on the traditional, the familiar
or the tried-and true. The game of survival has new rules.

Back in the day, magical folks had it easy. You
Awakened— most times with help, sometimes without
—and before you could say, "Forsooth and prithee...,"
some Master of the Arts snatched you up and put you
away ina mystical place like Horizon where all you had
todo was live outside time and learn how to be great and
powerful. Sadly, those days are gone forever. Since the
Maelstrom and the destruction of Doissetep, most of
the old Masters are either dead or MIA, so the task of
surviving out there is rather left to me and you.

The first piece of advice I can give you is this: Get
through your Apprenticeship in one piece. That is, of
course, assuming that you survived the initial shock of
Awakeningand got your shit together well enough to goout
looking for a mentor. Managing to complete your training
without fucking up is key to your continued happiness as a
member of the tribe. It's best to find a mentor quickly.
Problem is, Awakening doesn't exactly come with a wel-
come brochure and a fruit basket. So from day one, your
mantrashould be Pay Attention. That, and Don't Freak the
Mundanes. Our particular variety of arts and crafts isn't

4 gin mer
ahey

exactly what most folks would call normal. While it might
seem cool to try out your newly acquired mystical powers on.
your unsuspecting friends, they're going to wig out 95% of
the time when you do. Repeat your mantra, be very careful,
and remember that the magic, or your Avatar, can sneak up
on you in the beginning when you least suspect it.

Next hassle: mentors. | was lucky. My mentor, orrather
mentors, found me. Most people aren't quite so lucky. Once
again, boys and girls, Pay Attention. Mages are like super-
natural homing beacons. They radiate. If you've got your
eyes open, itshould be relatively easy to spot others like you.

Unfortunately, that's not always a good thing. In a
way, Awakening is like joining the Sorcerer's Mafia.
Everybody belongs to one family or other, and you are
convinced that your family is the greatest and the best.
There are families you like and families you hate. And
suddenly you have enemies you've never even met, just
because you happen to be friends with one person or
another. And that's the normal stuff. Wait 'til you get to
deal with the weird shit. I'm talking vampires, werewolves,
the fae — they're all out there, everywhere.

But the really weird shit always starts and ends with
the Nephandi. The Dark Mirrors, as some of the more
politically correct among us like to say. Fucking demons
is what I say. And their shit is smooth as glass. They're
charming, they're sexy, and they'll sacrifice you to some-
thing ugly just as soon as look at you. Zydeco and I have
devoted everything we are to wiping these miserable
puss-bags off the face of the cosmos. And that's no mean
trick, considering I still have a day job. Read on, friend.

CHAPTER TWe:; EVERYDAY LIFE 29

(ay Gab! I


Eveny rood I take Jenda me back to Cord Fawel

move interested in the fact that theyd found anothen mage
than in Conds death Tt wos all training and Katory ond
feats ond secnery And Zydeco — she wos
Conda grt, on thata uot I oaaumed based on what hed"
2oid To me, The woman made the-Aretic tock tropical, No
seemed to thik that Cond death waa important, I queaa T
wos hasty to judge, Ha death wos more important than T
cau even inagre

Tonight, apparently, Ive Finally achieved some kind
of worthiness And I dont thine they make a bomb big
enough to compare fo what they dropped on me, Let me
dee if T con work this out on paper, becauae right now,
ita all boifing around in my head in mo panticatton kind
of serve I can make out, a

(Cand, Zydeco ond Petrus were all initiated
menbera of the Onden of Hommes That's a magical
tradition, In that tradition there ove house Zydeco
belongs to House Joniasony Cond belonged to House
Thig, He ond ‘Dn, Ganesh designed the can Dr, Ganesh ia
@ menben of another tradition — the Sona of Ethen

2. The man who killed Card goes by the name of
Reginald Wojik, He ia aomething called a Nephandus —
@ mage dedicated to the path of chaoa and evil ar
opposed to what we do (which is also chaotic and amells
of eveny kind of evil that Tue even read about),
Anyway, Nommatly we would Leave the Nephandi (plunal)
alone unless they came Imocking on oun door, However,
thia Reginald Wojoke quy used to be a member of the
Onden, Whats mone, he and Petrus were students
Togethen at someplace called Doiaaten (I thine I
apelled that right), This place is in aome kind of never-
fond called the horizon neatma I atill dont quite
andenstond how those reatma exist compared to oun oun
reality, but then again, thenea a Jot I dont quite
andenstond, Zy-dee saya itll all come in time, Tangent
— got to Focua,

= When I fected up ith the Zuleco Joa stow, I had 20
j mary questions Why Cant? Wy theze pple? What the
} fell om I gama tell my wife? Who the fuck wns that quy
4 in the aut onguny? Potuss ond the Doc seemed to be

%

i

a=,c a

\

30 THe BITTER R@AD
1 a ie ‘
eT te

UNG wEd | ay ‘i I q
ata! ag!

i

Me
i
Hes


3 Wojeik has atolen things — object, tafiamana,
bocka, etc, — that befong To the Onder, and worse yet,
he rows how these things work Now that hes joined the
Dark Side, hes extremely dangeroua

4, Ana Joniasony, it ia Zydecos job, bounden
duty and purpose to kumt this quy down, retrieve the
Atolen gooda and put a permanent end To kim and any
Followers he might have, Petrus was inatructed to act
axa coumuel ond quide to hen, aince thea quy wos old

and crafty. Dn. Ganesh waa brought on board because
of hen wore with comespondent (7) travel, Cond wos
Zy-dee'a Friend, hex Loven, hen partner, The Q to hen
Bond, He made the gadgets work,

5. The operation works like this Petra seta up a
Ayatem Fon magical kita Money, a photograph, an
address and some object on two that the mare recently
handled, af to go into an smmaneed mailbox on some
deserted atnetch of road (thene ane a total of 150
maifbores in about 25 countries), Zydeco and pantnen
(that now seems to be me, by defoutt) travel in the
custom Ef Comino From Hell to check the boxes, IF
theres 0 hook, we Toke it ond kunt the mane amtil he,
Ake on it Leads wa in the direction we want to go. No
Ct

and things that ave better off dead, Unfortunately,
There wo a hitch in the plan Someone marked Wojik,
Maybe Wojcik marked hinuelf, "But the end neautt ia
that hea on to ws, and he killed Cond oa 0 worming ond
 Jeanon Tha ia just luge, Anyway, ita almost time
fon me to get back to Morgan and the mundane life, I
sued to thine that being manned and working as on
architect was a gent thing, the cautmination of my life
and happiness Now, they juat seen .ondinany, That

Still with me? You've probably made the same
realization that I did back then. Once you've Awak-
ened, it's really hard to go back to the wife and the
job and not drive yourself out of your tree with
boredom. I mean, would you choose a piss-boy job in
a high-profile architectural firm and quiet married
life in a suburb (where the most excitement you'll
ever see is your neighbor's less than immaculately
pruned shrubbery) over a secret life where you drive

WO YTS So Wee PT mG YEN MCG EN MCI

4 '
viva

fast, magical cars and tote sci-fi/fantasy weapons ina
cosmic crusade against evil?

The choice is obvious, and yet, you just can't let
go of it. The life you had as a Sleeper is a safety net.
You think that no matter how bad it gets out there in
your "other" life, you can come back to the safety and
comfort of who and what you were before. And ina
way, you can. I mean, it's not absolutely imperative
that you sever all ties to family and friends and work.
Some sorcerers manage to keep the two sides of
themselves completely separate and apart. If you
ever figure out how to do this, show me how. Be-
cause, the rest of us suffer from bleed-over — those
times when the magic won't stay put in its little toy
box and it gets out to wreak havoc on your job, your
reputation, everything. Look here.

12/22/77.

Well, It was bound to happen someday I" got
called in to see Dean, my boa Hea the man I work
fon but have never sven, the man whose Jost name
hanga Auapended in Longe metal letters oven the
entryway to my office auite ond umden which I walk
eveny day Deana the man whose mediocre deaigna Tm
neaporuible fon cleaning up. You dont get called in to
dee Deon unless youve made an appointment on youre
getting Fined, So, since T havent made an appointment, I
can only assume that by Tomovow Lunchtime, TL be
out of a job,

Add it's no worden, Ive been at this insane double
fe game fon almost two years row, How can T keep up
with work when Tm out to alt hows of the night
tracking down demona with Senorita Muerte, and
plagued by tall dark and brooding when T actually do
manage to get to alee? Used to be that I wished for
the dreams to just atop, Now that Im fiving the dream,
the Man is hounding me more than ever, It's fike I tose
myself often he shows up, And when Morgan — bless
hen, T fove hen — wakes me up with my morning coffee,
Tve designed houses and skyscrapers and entine cities,
the Jikea of which have never existed on this on any
othen planet,

But I knew I couldnt keep up the pace For very
Jong, I knew Id kit 0 breaking point, It didn't down on
me that Id given Deon the wrong plana until half hou
ago when I sat down at the drawing table and saw

pte Twe; EVERYDAY LIFE
7
yy kA

2 I Wea be ay Babatht Ie

Me


es f cay «fp om.
U ie an 4 SS

blueprints for a aplit level ranch howe where my dream-drawing ougit to have been At finat, Lpanicked Bait then.
"something inuide told me to just chill Didnt I desenve a better alake than the-we I waa getting? Thad to do

» aomething to fiven up my othenuixe boxing mumdane fife, So I am cuomently chilling — thanks to a Jonge scotch and
odo. — and waiting fon Zydeco to call At Jenat TL have something to keep my mind off of my ineninent unemployment

2/2307.

T dont befieve thia I am now a partner A senior member of Coleman, Skat & Sparta OF come, now ita
Coleman, Seal, Sportua & Cody. I dont believe thia Morgan ia atill on the phone, calling everyone ake lows, telling
them how hen husband has Finally become a big-time architect, Im atill trying to figure out how this happened I mean,
Aue, Tue dropped hints oven the past year that perhaps my name abould be hanging in block print over the door, that

Thad more creative talent in my Jittle Finger than Coleman, Skat E& Sparta combined I mean, Im neatly
good at what I do, but... well. The thinga I design — Freaky "Bedouin-inapined cityscapes aaide ~arent what yout
would call atatuas-quo, In school, they called me Roane — aa in Howard Roark, as in Ayn Rand s The-Fountainkend,
an in the architect whose deaigna were ao bizane that he had a hell of a time making anytleng but a Foilune of himaelt.
Twas af set to accept my uttimate defeat, auck it up ond get fired. Tnstend, thia happens

So what are the odds? T mean, what ane the odda that Td accidentally gue Dean my wild drawings instead of
the plana for a house? What ane the odda that an old, backwards thinking Mayor would chance to sce my Foat-fonwond
dexigna ond auddenty decide that what kia city needa ia a foce-fFt, a new, am-copied, Futuristic Lock to ita buildinga

| Ita obaund! I mean, TL admit that Ive ablowed myself to imagine my desigqna Flesked out in glaas and steel
{TL admit I tried to infuse them with the same kind oF rusk and energy I felt the Firat night my dream fife became
© reality. But I never expected thal Behold the power of poaitive thinking

SECRET IDENTITY ITIANI

Keeping the magical and mundane lives sepa-_in which an aspiring mage may have to come to te!
ate sounds like a great idea. You don't need to tell with his family. However, a disciple has far mot
our significant other about the magic, right? Or _ interesting questions to answer if he is suddenly found

As anyone who's ever been a teenager knows, © If your family doesn't know, how do you hide it
ese things have a way of getting out. That's why Aside from Resonance, which people will feeliany
it's imperative for your Mage character to have a _ way, you can expect those late nights and long trip
background and history right from the start. We'ye to be noticed. Especially if you show up with the
Said it before, and it bears repeating: Your mage is strange burn-marks of Paradox Backlash!
ore than just a collection of dots. How your © Delving into your mage's family isn't all bad
haracter's family and friends react to hersecretscan After all, family is there through thick and thin, right
ibe a big part ofa chronicle — a story unto itself. (Unless you have some sort of nasty brutish famil
Check out the questions about your mage's which would probably count as a Flaw.) Therefore
tbackground, but then try these little spins. there's actually an advantage to detailing your mag
¢ If your friends/ family know about your. family. When the chipsare down, you may well be abl
aracter's magic, howlonghave theyknown?People _ to go.to them for a little help, or at least a hot meal:
who've just been jumped into the magical world tend Family members are the perfect justification fot
obealot more panicky and active than those who've picking up new Backgrounds such as Allies. Yor
ad a chance to let it sink in. Furthermore, establish _ family members could functionally become consors:
fat What point in your character's career his cover was Some might learn sorcery, if you've got the ti
blown. Initiates of the Art describes some situations Invest in your family, and it'll pay you back.

our parents? Or your teachers, employers... out. "You've had all these powers for how long now"


NINET® FIVE AND BACK AGAIN

Although it would appear that messing around
vith employment is simple enough, it's a common
mistake, and one that most mages only make once.

It's easy enough to set events in motion to get a
Bood job, to make money, whatever. A crafty mage
an easily pull in large amounts of cash with just
ensory Effects. Only three things stop her.

First: The possibility of botching. Rare? Perhaps.
Sooner or later, though, the odds catch up. A mage

tho uses magic to stay ahead of the game, every day,
a regular job, under job stress, is.going to blow it

ooner or later. When that Paradox comes down,
ances are it'll whack the mage's new-found income
well as giving her a nice kick in the shins.

Second: Resonance. Once the mage starts achain

ith magic, it takes on its own characteristics. A
Mage with Gooey Resonance can bet that it will show
p unpleasantly in her job. In some cases, just getting
formal employment may be easier. People tend to
lotice at this point, too; once the mage's job takes on
aggerated traits, the rep starts to spread. Worse
ill, most mages can't create a job market for them-
elves directly. Rather, they just let the magic loose in

More like, behold the power of magic. Friends, it
will amaze you how much your life is affected by this
stuff. And it's like a drug. Once you figure out how you
did it, you'll want to use the gift to tweak just about
everything. And that's when you get into trouble. The
more you mess with your old, mundane life, the more
you make it extraordinary, the less you get out of it.

Morgan fa had me followed by a private investigation I admit, Tve quen

acoincidental stream that goes where it will. Guard
ing the sewage plant may pay the bills but it's not all
that entertaining, Sparky.

Third: The Technocracy. Although the Pogrom
isn't what it once was, magical meddling in economies
does tend to get the attention of the Syndicate. This
attention is why more mages don't just cheat on ta
foresee betting pools or finagle ATMs. The Technoc:
racy plans for people to have nice, regular jobs. When
amage comes along and upsets the balance, her Reso
nance and her often not-so-subtle machinations dray
the Technocracy right to her door.

So are there any times that it's worth using magié
in conjunction with a job? Certainly. When you'ré
desperate, of course, and you need cash now, a litt
magic goes a long way. Magic is also useful to nudgé

construction job with Time and Forces to speed
things up is a bit much, however, augmenting one
skills a little makes it that much easier to get things
done. As long as the mage doesn't exert external
forces, she can keep the magic contained and avot
the worst problems of her Resonance getting noticeds

Then, too, we mages are a strange bunch as a rule.
Remember I mentioned that Card Farrel had this weird
vibe he put out, that touch of the bizarre? Well, no
matter what you try to do to remain normal, some of
that strangeness seeps through and rubs off onto every-
thing and everyone we touch. Especially family.

hen ro reason to believe that Im mf

having some kind of ilficit offoin, on at Lenat that Im not in trouble with the Low. What I it about copa, by the way?
I thik that Ive been pulled oven for vehicular search at Jenat 10 times this year And thats when Tim driving the
| Lexaul Never mind when Zydeco and I ane out in the Magemobile Ita ike were donut lavoned Flypaper' Anyway, ever

since I broke with Cafeman and opened 1p shop fon

myself, shea been auspicious So now Ive got this amy excuse for

a PI, clicking away at hia camera, content in hia belief that I havent noticed kim Its not that I dont fore Morgan, I
do, I Jove her more than anything in any universe, but I cant shane thia port of myself witk hen I cant shane the
magic, And that puta up a wall between wa She anya T neven tale to hen anymore And shea right, Because Tm
atwoys tafking with Zydeco, Zy-dee anawera my questions, shows me new ways of working my will, watches my back in
@ Tight spot, Why wouldnt T tae to her, get To know hen os well as T possibly could?

Tt breaka my heart, Mongan thinies Im on druiga, on in trouble with the Mafia on the Feda, ox something. She can
deve that Im not the same man ake manned, And Im not, Why ia it thia 0 hand? Why do I have to watch hen go
through this? Why do I know that no matter what I any, shell never be able to heax the neal truth?

WME Sa Wag Ah

givg. ) POR OM

CHAPTER TW/@; EVERYDAY LIFE 33

wa

Z \
Seat Ca Habitat

WE! a
ey

My mothen knows thenes something wrong with me
‘nd Mangan, We miased Thanksgiving, Mone apecti
cally, I miased Thankagiving, because T was out
chatting up some afime-boll vampine named Brutce
when T should have been home, getting neady to drive
to the Family dimen with my wife, Magic crande
wise, it was a great day The weasel finally broke To
preaaune, The elemental fine qun I designed for
Zydeco didnt kunt matters Anywoy, he spilled kis
quia and told us whene we could start Looking for
Wojeik's base of operations Ita what weve been
searching Fon From the beginning,

But could I tell Morgan that? No, Alt I
could any waa that T got caught up in some work,
Fon the Firat time in five years of mamiage, Morgan
iant aleeping in ou bed, and ake aune on hell iant
bringing me coffee in the moning anymore. When mon
called, T broke down, Told hen that there wos tha
Aide of myself that had been hidden For 20 Jong, ond
now that it waa out of hiding, it was Taking oven my
entine Life, She anid that people change, but that I
had to ahane those changes with my wife, IF not, then
some sont of sncnifice had to be made, So ita going to
Atop, Petrus all but demanded I teave Mongar,
Jeave my wore and come five outaide reality with kim
and the Mad Doctor. And Zydeco ia fike a woman
poaseaned, Before Wojcik, there were two things that
mattered in hen life: Cand ond the magic, Now thene.s
juat one thing that matters: finding Wojcik and
deattening hia soul to the infinite winds

T have to admit that I wont that too, Want it
0 bad I can taste it, But not at the expense of
evenything I am, everyone I love outaide this cnazy
business Ylnow, T honeatly wish none of thia had even
happened to me I didn't oak fon it, I waa fine without
it, So, From this point Forward, it enda Tm out of it,
They can take thea insanity and shove it up thein
collective aasea Fuck the magic, Fuck the Onden,
just Faick it ott,

—_—<.

ie

~
—

x8 <3
S77
<9)

eg

fp,

Lop

SS

a
»

AN
y

ey Bc Ot THE BITTER R@AD
ray CAGE gen sie ; { af j ' s 2
| i

hie) Chusenn) vat 1 ee be


There may come a time when you burn out like I
did. But I'll tell you, that burn out saved my work, my
marriage and my life. I shut it all out, even if I couldn't
shut it off. Asa matter of fact, I realized that itis possible
to use magic in my work without letting it overly
influence or consume my work.

This is important. | mean, no matter which ways
your gift manifests itself, unless you're independently
wealthy, you've got to hold down a job. So you either
deal with the job you've got, or you find a line of work
that compliments the magic, something that meshes
well with your new mystic life and the ordinary waking
day. Ask others in your Tradition (if you've even got
one) what they do to make money and live. Research
the kinds of professions others of our ilk hold down. Ask
questions, but use caution, because you never know
who might be listening and who might just answer. As

6/88:

it was, I went independent, left the firm and put out my
own shingle. Perhaps you will have to go into business
for yourself as well. At the very least, you'll only have
yourself to answer back to.

So, it's been three years or so and you've got it
together. Got the hang of the magic, got a grip on a job
and where your next meal is coming from, formed a truce
with the rest of the denizens of the Awakened world.
Things are pretty tight with you and your loved ones, and
life is rambling along more or less without incident.
Then something big happens. Something from out in the
deep reaches comes crashing in and disrupts your perfect
little balance. I'm talking about the Maelstrom. Like it or
not, if you're Awakened this affects you, even if you have
no idea where the Horizon Realms are, what the Tech-
nocracy is, and why it's agents decided that the folks
living in Doissetep had to die.

Zydeco Jones hasnt called me in Foreven, And when ake doea, the Firat thing ake anys iat Petrusa ia gone,

Zydecns' I mean, he atepped through the portal to hia house in Crete, He never awived, and he haant come back i

Mer What do you mean, Petrus is gone?
Zydeco: Thee days often they destroyed Doiasetep,
Me! They what'? Who did'?

Zplecos Teckrocnat'a, Theyne gone, Cody. He's gone, ALL the ofd Mastera ane gone. Vanished. Vaporized.

We thine somethings happened to the outen planea You cant destroy something as big aa Doiaetep, you cant have
that many Awakened souls die without there being some repercuasion on othen She wants me to come see hen, Shea
hurt, Tried to use the can in the aval way, jump it through the Gauntlet fike we usually do, It almoat killed her,

This ia neatly bad, neatly wrong,
VAG

Ganesha is the Hindu god that nemovea alt cbatactea Well, all cbatactes except one, apparently. Dr, Ganeak
into hen beloved ethen thee days ago, and she hawt retuned. Shea gone to be with Petrus, Zydeco anid,

T cant help
didnt really
+ extent of it, Tey

butt Feel helpless At fenat ake left hen notes That should be some corvolation It occurs to me that I
brow hex on Petra Yer, they trained me, showed me how to use and control the magic, but that was the
were isolated into themselves, into thein oun powen, into their oum work There wos 20 muuch that they

bad Jeft to teach me, Gueas TH have to tenck myself. WeZ/ have to teach ounselvea, Zydeco and I,

I introduced hen to Mongan the othen night. Said ake waa a cousin The two of them ane getting along great,
Aipping coffee in the bitcken aa I wnite thia I auppose that with Petra and the Doc gone, Zy-dee and ILL have to pick
ap the work again Ita a temifying prospect ina fot of waya I thought Id Left the demon-chasing days behind in Favor
of my wife ond my concen But wene in a tight apot right now, Now, mane than even, is the time to nip the Nephandi in

‘the bud before they get out of control,

TWEETS HEE

at ses |

i

airy tyhiey

ry

a:

was

And that, dear friends, is what I'm still doing. I've
picked up the torch and carried on. I know that a lot of
you were left adrift on a lawn chair when the shit went
down in Horizon, but you can't let that get to you. Just
remember to stay the hell out of the spirit Realms, and
understand that there isn't anyone left to hold your
hand and show you how to make magic. You got to do
that for yourself now. You're big boys and girls. We've
also got new responsibilities. The Masters are gone, so
it's up to us to train Apprentices and newly Awakened

ome oh us
fb say'Qo cok lle oul lave a lle: bd
1 lig wil eel p i ot es ek ley de
a

"y, SENG

THe IT1AGe's CeLLsGiutt

I'd been in my second year of college when I
Awakened. Naturally, I was confused as hell, and I
didn't know where to turn. I thought that I wanted to
finish college, get my degree, find a regular job and so
on. I had no "great aspirations" or anything, I just
wanted to get on with my life. Awakening was frighten-
ing. Suddenly the world changed beneath my feet, so to
speak, and I wasn't sure how to deal with it. My friends
noticed that I'd changed. I was nervous, twitchy, dis-
tracted. Naturally, this didn't help my grades at all.

It took me the better part of a year to actually run into
aTradition mentor. In the meantime, I had to learn things
the hard way. I discovered the basics of magic, the ways to
concentrate and the power in symbols. Initially, of course,
I'd thought I was insane; later I realized that I needed to
conceal my capabilities, since history bears out that the
masses don't like people they can't understand or control.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man gets lynched.

Anyway, I'd put off visiting my family because I
didn't want my parents to think that I'd gotten strung out
on drugs or that I'd cracked under academic pressure. |
kept in touch a little, but I did the only thing I could
think of: I buckled down and redoubled my studies.

At first, magical insight was a hindrance. I was
constantly distracted with my new vision of the world,
and I was tempted to try to mess with things in little ways.
That stopped when | used a little magic to fudge a test for
which I hadn't studied, and I accidentally answered a
question that the class hadn't reviewed. (The teacher
had apparently cut-and-pasted the exam and didn't
review itwell enough.) Just explaining my way out of that

dade eel lle el Fw
oi ae

vig

souls. And then it's up to all of us to simply survive.
Zydeco and I chase Nephandi fora reason. It's not even
about the Janissary trip anymore. It's about a murdered
friend whose memory refuses to die. Don't get the idea
that this is something everyone should do. Go out and
find your own causes. There are things in the cities and
suburbs that are just crying out for a mage's touch. You
know you can affect things. So why not affect things for
the better? Make things a little less dark for the Sleep-
ers. You're the only lights this world has left. Burn.

Ltt

took several tense hours with an instructor, and it made
me all the more certain that I'd keep my head down.

Afterl'd gotten alittle more accustomed to magical
things, I started keeping an eye out for other people who
might be like me. Academia is full of impressionable
minds, but there are also those sorts who don't like
change and have their own pet theories. You can't
simply ask people in your study group if they've had a
mind-altering experience and gained the ability to
change the world. You have to be more circumspect
than that. So I watched for other students who might
seem to have the distraction that I'd first experienced or
who had a sudden flash of insight or the like.

Itturns out that, although I didn't run into any other
students who'd gone through the vision-shift I'd experi-
enced, | did meet a few who embraced occultism and
strange ideologies. A college campus is a great place to
find fringe elements, due to people who are fired up with
new ideas or just bored of mundane living. The real
inspiration came from a teacher, though. I'd passed by a
class on linguistics, and I stopped to overhear the teacher
discussing linguistic symbolism and written forms. Even
though I hovered around the back of the class, the
instructor seemed to notice me — almost as if the "scent
of magic" that made people think of me as weird was
something that he could see. I left before the class ended,
but he caught up with me later that week when I was at
the campus food court getting a quick bite. He asked me
some penetrating questions about my curriculum and my
thoughts on thinking, and I figured out that he knew.

Who'd've thought that you could learn magic in
college? It's not on the curriculum, of course, but
colleges have access to great resources like libraries,

l
"Heid nt


cultural exchanges and communication facilities like
their computer networks. This naturally made it a
perfect place for learning not just about my old major
(in history) but also about the Traditions, magical
theory and occult symbolism. Night classes, so to speak,
helped me not only to learn more about magic, but to
improve my own study skills and general knowledge,
which naturally carried over to other fields. And I
discovered that you can couch terms in many ways. My
teacher would often hide little bits of magical profun-
dity in the midst of his normal class lectures, as if tossing
out bits for those few who might "get it."

As mages pursue learning in many forms, univer-
ities and colleges are natural places for them to work.
4 university library is as great a reference station as
my mage's occult library, and the mage can learn
bout different cultures, rub shoulders with exchange
dents, develop academic discipline and even make
noney while filling the heads of impressionable young-
ers with the ideals of the Traditions or Conventions.
Mages in university settings occupy many roles.
e mage-as-student and mage-as-professor are the
most common ideas: A magely student can study both
agic and mundane knowledge while the professor has
regular job where he gets to teach and influence
eople with his beliefs. However, a lot of other roles
ave potential. How about the mage janitor, who takes
ie opportunity to see the various up-and-coming
dents, who works behind the scenes, sabotages en-
smy magical experiments and holdings, and has access
© nearly every part of the campus? Or the mage
esearcher who doesn't actually do much teaching, but
nstead gets to-use University material to "prove" his
ical theories, corresponds through academic jour-
als and has various acolytes (research assistants) who
Ip him with his projects? Or the mage administrator
0 handles paper-filing; keeps records of students and
ir grades, interests, special quirks and hobbies; spon-
ors various clubs or activities that might promote his
views; gets grants and loans to just the right people; and
vho blocks the funding and execution ofenemy projects?
A multitude of places exists for a mage to fit in.
A university mage should probably have decent
atings in Academics, of course, as well as supplemen-
skills necessary for the job, such as Linguistics,
pression and Occult. A mage who's a janitor or in
e service department needs related skills, such as
ecurity and Technology. Administrators have Lead-

instructor's footsteps. I finagled a grant — what a coinci-
dence that they should pull my name from the pool of
applicants — and finished up a master's degree so that I
could start teaching as well. I took up comparative history:
Iteach students about written history versus perception of
history, how to sift fact and motive out of the often-biased
reports of historians and how to make connections be-
tween disparate events. I don't have an after-hours student
yet, but the college is a perfect place to advance my own
studies and look for more people like myself.

auniversity hasa diverse array of regular Backgrounds
as well. Those Backgrounds include: Allies (students
or teachers), Contacts (likewise), Library (from spe-
cial material sections of the university facilities) and
Resources (from grants, family money or tenure).

A mage who works in a university is likely to special-
ize in a favored Sphere that ties to the mage's academi¢
interest. A mage-historian would likely use Time magic to
look back into events of interest, while a psychology)
teacher would use Mind magic, and an engineermightuse
Matter. Often, due to the specialized nature of academi
such mages become Adepts or Masters in one favoret
Sphere while retaining only rudimentary skill in other
although such is not always the case.

So what can you do on campus? It depends o1
what you want to achieve. Akashic Brothers aré
natural as martial-arts instructors, but they are al:
philosophy professors, athletic coaches (teaching De
to the football team, perhaps?), Asian culture and
history professors, religion students or members o
meditation, poetry, hiking and similar clubs.

The Celestial Chorus isn't just limited tosemina
Choristers also study history and philosophy, dive int
the sciences to reconcile faith with science, study mu
and work as counselors and boosters. Cultists of Ecstas
have no trouble finding campus parties and p
willing to go "all the way," but they also teach in mattel
of perception (such as neurology) or work as alumni
sponsoring campus organizations — like the fraternities
that host their parties. They even run help centers fo
addiction or sexual-assault victims.

Dreamspeakers seem natural to teach culture and
anthropology, but they are also interested in archeol:
ogy; wilderness travel groups for rafting, hiking and
getting back to nature; dance and music classes; even
modern street culture for techno-shamans.

CHAPTER TW; EVERYDAY LIFE 31

st tate by
ire


Pricccotical neenions as nell as discussions on
thics or warfare. They also appear on review boards
Or even as campus police. It's no joke; justice on any
ale is important.

Mages of the Order of Hermes are easily the most
ommon Tradition one would find in an academic
environment. Their Chantries often have a very "uni-
versity feel" to them, and the Hermetics take study
ery seriously indeed. Hermetic mages are often pro-
ors in fields like language and history, buta Hermetic
age could also easily be a university administrator
ho oversees student progress, a perpetual student
academic, an instructor in material chemistry, a physi-
ist who works in force dynamies or an astronomer.
Sons of Ether naturally fit intoa university in physics
ad engineering departments, but what about the para-
sychology researcher, the disbursements administrator
who has a whole storeroom full of weird and wonderful
tools or the travel coordinator who arranges for trips to
places like nuclear power plants and foreign countries?
Verbena seem like naturals in horticulture and
fe sciences but they also promote student health and
sexuality clinics, teach life sciences or arrange alter-
fative-religion foundations.

Ofcourse, the Virtual Adepts excel in high-technol-
Ogy campuses, where they can be network administrators,
computer science teachers, researchers in cutting-edge
ineering fields, student info trackers, database man-
agers or even owners of video game arcades.
This variety points up a very important fact: Tech-
ocrats aren't the only mages who can be scientists.
Dreamspeaker can just as easily be a researcher or
er at a university as any Iterator or Progenitor.
ndeed, in an entire cabal based out of a university,
dds are that at least one or two Tradition mages study
ious scientific or engineering disciplines intensely.
The Technocracy naturally has a vested interest in
universities, too. After all, its best and brightest minds
ome out of such institutions. A Technocrat of nearly
iny Convention could work as a teacher or administra-
or in a university, and many ranking Technocrats do
just that. Universities make great covers for Techno-
tratic facilities, ranging from super-advanced health
are clinics to experimental power, material and com-
iter technologies. The New World Order monitors
cademic standards carefully to make sure that schools
teach the "right" curriculum, while Syndicate agents
cover the finances of promising students or wreck the

other mages. Very important universities are often
hotbeds of magely conflict, especially when they doub!
as centers of study and development for mage groups

almost certainly attract the notice of a few Traditior
alists who would want to co-opt it, study it or shut i
down. However, Tradition and Convention mage
can sometimes even get along in university atmo-
spheres: The higher calling as seekers of truth i
underscored especially in universities, and there ai
many different ways of looking at any situation, which
means that the occasional compromise is inevitable.

Besides just mage adversaries, though, universities
offer other groups that might hinder a mage. Student
groups could find a mage teacher too harsh, prejudiced of
undereducated in modem sciences, and push for thé
teacher's dismissal. Bitter academic rivals quash theories
in one anothers' journal articles while jockeying for
tenure and position at the university. Unscrupulous
researchers may taint or destroy the work of others, a
that sabotage can be especially dangerous when #l
mage is working with magical energies that could get ot
ofcontrol. Parent groups orstandards investigators mig
be concemed about a mage who teaches occultism 0
strange theories to his students, and such groups would
certainly try to curtail the activities of groups like the
Cult ofEcstasy. More prejudicial campuses might restrict
students to a certain ethnicity (this is the World o
Darkness, after all, where affirmative action is just a
other oppressive tool) or religion, anda mage could hay
his work cut out for him trying to integrate new, radica
ideas. There's no shortage of obstacles to overcome.

Using magic in a university setting is a chancy
proposition, but it is also a rewarding one. Unlike
mage in big business or everyday city life, a university
mage has some flexibility simply due to the openness
of many students' minds. Accepting new ideas and
curious ways to accomplish strange things, student
and academics often let mages get away with som
unusual Effects that would otherwise be crushed by
Unbelief. This isn't to say that a mage can perform
godly feats coincidentally, but an eloquent mage wl
expounds on his theories and uses some materials:
seem to make sense could very well perform som
tricks more coincidentally than normal. Of cour
the mage must watch out for the occasional skeptic 6
narrow-minded academic, but that's the price of
often having greater freedom of magical technique.

vi

ey,

l
stants Heyer te


ALITTLE
TTIND-BR@ADENING TRAVEL

Since I've been lurking about making comments
on the rest of this book, I might as well introduce myself
and say something useful. I'm called Xoca — like I'm
going to tell you my real name, right — and mostly I
travel. Some people say I'm a terrorist. | think I'm
justified in what I do, but hey, once you're a mage you
find out that the whole world is crazy, and old standards
just don't apply, right?

Anyway, I came from Central America, and I still
live there. I spend time on the road traveling around
South and Central America, dealing with locals and
helping out in little ways. I use my medicine to heal
poor people, help with rural farming and give advice to
people stuck living in squalid cities. I also tend to the
forests and jungles, visit the old sites of ancient cities
and try to glean wisdom from the natural world. Overall
it's not a bad life if you don't mind spending much of it
cramped in a jeep or sleeping under the stars on this
mountainside or that jungle bed. I get to accomplish a
lot, and I can chat with the animals and the people
who've stayed close to nature. It can be a tough life, but
it's rewarding.

Travel has quite a few advantages. Since I'm on the
road most of the time, the Technocracy doesn't have
any way to trace me or slap me down in a specific
location. I don't own a house, so they can't come
knocking at my non-existent door — which is good,
considering how much damage I tend to do to them
when I run across their mind-numbing, ecology-de-
stroying "development projects." If they start breathing
down my neck, I just head into the wilds for a few weeks
and pop out in some flyspeck village that's beneath
their notice. It works; they haven't caught me yet.

Lalso get to meet a lot of people. I've learned at least
a dozen dialects during my trips, and, although there's
a lot of poverty and suffering out there, I've met many
genuinely caring and helpful people. They don't always
understand me, but it's worth it for the few who do and
who still believe in the spirits. These days, I can walk or
tide into any number of places and expect a warm
reception. Plus, I've had the chance to do a lot of
learning — more than I would at any "civilized" school.
There's no substitute for raw brush experience. Al-
though my early travels were hindered by my ignorance,
now I can hunt, I can track, I know what hazards to
avoid in the jungle. I can drive anything from a bicycle
toaheavy military truck, I know how to set and disarm
explosives, and I've heard more stories, legends and
occult ideas than any other three mages I've ever met.

CHAPTER TWe; EVERYDAY LIFE
Hag fanny . ¢

CWaYT Sr Ste ery Mtg erg!
aia Le |

ee 01)

e l'se*h 1 ‘yect dice tb iwi


I know the locations of at least half a dozen natural
Nodes, and I can point out a multitude of spirits, places
of power and signs of legendary creatures. The more you
get out there and mess around with the world, the more
you get to see the supernatural side that's been hiding
all of your pre-magical life.

On the flip side, the traveling lifestyle's disadvan-
tages are as prominent as its advantages. Without a
regular home, I don't have a regular income. I have to
survive on the generosity of people, with the odd jobs I
can take and with what I can make for myself or steal
from Technocratic operatives. Getting lost can be a
problem —I found that out when | went haring off after
arumor of some sort of talking great eagle in the jungles,
and I didn't get out for a month and a half (empty-
handed, too). Although I can often win the trust of
people by helping them out, I have to make sure to learn
local customs and to put their fears at ease. Not every-
one feels comfortable around the medicine man from
the jungle, after all, especially when he accidentally
makes some sort of faux pas with a local custom in a way
that says, "Your mother blows river oxen." I also don't
travel with a group, which means that I have to be
totally self-sufficient — which is real hell if I get sick or
injured. And, of course, I don't have a regular library or
mentor oranything. I have to improve my magical skills
and learn new techniques where and when I can. That's
why I spend a lot of my travel time uncovering old ways
from the ruins in Central America.

The traveling lifestyle just isn'tas common today as
it once was. People don't trust vagabonds or strangers
without identification. Me, I'm sure that it's part and
parcel of the Technocracy's plan to order humanity. It's
a little easier if you have real money: A family or group
of friends taking an RV across the country draws a lot
less negative attention than some bum wandering into
town (especially a weird bum, as I've mentioned be-
fore). Since you don't always stay in one place long
enough for people to get to know you really well, you
don't have as much of an opportunity to make enemies.
Just hope that you don't walk into the middle of
something nasty. Clint Eastwood may have survived A
Fistful of Dollars, but strangers who wind up trucking
into an unpleasant local situation may find themselves
on the receiving end of some rather hostile notice.

The more you travel, the more you'll run into little
places that the world left behind — villages of canni-
bals, small-town Americana that's still in the sixties,
little areas where everyone's related or they're all part of
some cult. The further afield you get, the more likely
youare to run into one of these isolated oddities, and we

a Te BrrTeR ReaD
pays efhiedwtd te

es Saale yada f

}

mages seem to run into them more often than most.
Best bet? Expect that something totally fucked up will
happen in each place that you travel to, and stay
prepared to move on if it's outside your depth.

Bic BUSINESS!

You wouldn't expect a mage in a power tie and
classy suit, right? Cell phones, fax machines and memos
are the tools of the Technocracy, aren't they? Well, I'll
tell you, there are worse lives to live.

Think about it. If we're going to do any good, we
have to get people to accept us and our magic. They have
to want to believe, and they have to see that what we
offer is positive. You think people are going to accept that
from some squalid transient who shows them parlor
tricks while begging for change? Not likely. I know how
tosurvive in the modern world, and I make it work for me
instead of pointlessly rejecting it. I've been called a sell-
out and worse, but the fact is that I get things done. |
spread the message of the Traditions, and I have the
influence and money to live well, all at the same time.

My name's Maria, and I'm one of the Verbena. The
people at the office who call mea witch behind my back
are a little more right than they know, although not
completely. See, just because I believe in the Verbena
principles and the power of life doesn't mean that I
automatically can't believe in six-figure incomes, the
power of advertising and using your business clout to
make the world better. | hear that woman Lee Ann
spends some time volunteering in a soup kitchen. Well,
I contributed over six hundred thousand dollars to
various charities last year through my business, and I
still have time to promote Tradition idealism through
business advertising and financial choices.

So, I'll give you a little advice. Working in the
business world isn't easy as being a mage, but it's doable,
and it has some real benefits.

First off, you need a proper education. Modern
science and economics may be "tools of technology," but
they are the way things get done. You can't bury your
head in the sand and pretend that they don't exist or
aren't applicable. So, suck it up and learn them, even if
you don't believe. Chalk it up to "know thine enemy" if
you must. Get a degree and slide into an internship
program so that you have a corporate "in" going for you.
Chances are thata little magic from there will nudge you
into a good position. Don't count on just landing a high-
powered executive job solely by magic, though. Youneed
to putin the work to actually do the job. Besides, if you're
going to turn the position to your advantage, you'll need
to know how to manipulate the business.

b yaty vr

tan


A travel-oriented chronicle can be difficult to
ll off. The Storyteller must do a lot of work to
establish new characters in each new location, to
ild interesting stories that don't necessarily mesh
d to keep the players curious in every new setting.
uch chronicles tend to be episodic: A single story of
ree or four games covers developments in one
location, after which the players' mages move on to
jomewhere else. The stories can be told at specific
sites, or they can recount the adventures of traveling
tself. Many heroes have met dangers on the road just
compelling as the problems they faced once they
rived at their destinations!
Mages usually need a reason to travel. There are
tious bonuses to having a settled lifestyle, specifi-
ally in the form of easy access to magical resources.
nce you know where a Node is, why would you leave
behind? Why move on if you've got a good teacher?
Just the motive fora traveling game can be important.
Is the group fleeing some enemy? Is it seeking
ome unknown goal or location, like a powerful
lode, a Shallowing, a natural gate, a place to live in
peace or whatever, without knowing exactly where it
s? Are the characters under some geas that prevents
them from staying in one place for too long? Are they
oadening their early experience so they can find
settled places to liye later? Often, the things that
nages look for aren't on any map, so you can simply
rive the direction of travel with a few well-placed
mors, some divinatory magic or just the whims of
the mages themselves.
On the upside, a traveling game offers the
ypportunity to see a lot of different aspects of the
orld of Darkness. Instead of marrying the game
o a settled theme, the story can showcase the
lement-of-the-week as the players' characters
apple with whatever is the current local problem.
Plus, mage characters rise from just about any
‘ock. Every Tradition or Convention could con-
ivably have traveling members, and mages who
nove from place' to place are likely to be quite
lectic. This setup is perfect if you want to play a
age who doesn't fit in with the rest of his Tradi-
on, who holds odd ideas or who just doesn't get
long with other mages outside his cabal. Instead
f dealing constantly with the problems of inte-
rating unpleasantly with other mages, the traveling

4 ae of
rs a ere Le

mage gets to see the world and study at his o
pace without interference from an oppressive Mas:
ter or scornful local mage populace. If something is
a problem in one story, you can leave it behind i
the next. Say the mages wind up scoring a decisive
unforeseen advantage with a vampire al

they move on, the ally stays behind and isn't a
problem. Traveling games also accommodate the
addition and removal of new players quite nicely,
The mages can pick up a friend in a new place, o
leave someone behind for a while.

Obviously, a single traveling mage doesn't al
ways work well ina séttled chronicle, but it's possible
to use one nonetheless. A mage with significant
Correspondence or Spirit magic may just "show upy
whenever his cabal has some sort of adventure.
also possible for a mage to use a given town as a base
of operations, from which he travels, but to which
he always returns. The lone wolf can draw suspicio!
from the rest of the group, but such acharacter is also
a great way to introduce new elements. Those ele:
ments include enemies who follow the character, a
Wonder that the mage brings back with him from
some destination, a new ally or student and news of
special events in some distant locale. Just be careful

not touse the traveling character as the lynchpin for
all neat new things. The characters who are cen4

tered have significant advantages in the form of a
Node, a Chantry or a library, and they should reap
the benefits of these settled resources.

Individual traveling mages usually don't hay
many Backgrounds. It's hard to have regular resour
or a potent library when you don't have a job oF
place to store huge amounts of books. On the othe
hand, a mage who does have a potent Backgroun
can make for an interesting story hook. If your magé
travelsa lot but has significant resources, how does he
make his money? Did he inherit it? Did he win thé
lottery? Is he on a pension? Does your mage store al
of his accumulated Hermetic knowledge in a single
box on a digital DVD-ROM? Does your mage just
"happen" to have the ability to home in on mina'
Nodes wherever he goes, instead of knowing about
one specific place of power? The Storyteller should
alter a Background to fit the needs of the traveli
character, and doing so makes for interesting nev
ways to look at the individual.

CHAPTER os EVERYDAY LIFE
Mat | sy thas

"wh

ome
pees

pe.

Se

how

a


ait tay

EAN, Je,

\ \_ ae
y

Once you're on the inside, you'll have to learn about
office politics. You thought the Traditions were mean...
people will always find ways to screw each other over for
personal gain. The fact that mages stand out as unusual
and different doesn't help. Turn it to your advantage by
getting noticed for your strengths, instead of commented
on for your differences. If you dabble in lots of Life magic,
play up your joie de vivre and your no-sick-days record. If
you specialize in the Sphere of Matter, make note of your
"artistic sensibilities" or "feel for product." The pointis to
turn your differences into advantages. People will gun for
your position, shoot down your ideas to promote their
own or just clash over personalities. This competitive-
ness is nothing new if you've been in the Traditions, but
it's noteworthy just the same.

Assuming you've gotten this far, you have suc-
ceeded in building a decent position for yourself. Now
you just have to make sure that you're in a position to
do what you want. If you think that the world would be
a better place if everyone had an orange left-handed
spanner, then you'd best make sure you're in a company
that makes orange left-handed spanners. You can shoot
forsucha job right from the start, but that's oftennot the
best way to go about things. You'll want to gain business
experience first. Nothing they teach in business school
will prepare you for the reality, so you should consider
your first job the chance to learn by botching up. Once

42 THE BITTER R@AD

Se ea

'

you've done that and finally figured out how the busi-
ness world works, then you can switch over to a job
where you can do some good.

"Some good" is going to depend on your individual
definitions, of course. There are a couple of positions that
are especially noteworthy, though. Advertising is a great
way to promote your ideals, and you can do so by sneaking
your message into ads for your company. For instance, I
tend to build my ads around holistic, natural scenes. Take
one of those surreal cologne commercials, but stick it ina
rain forest, and you get the idea. Not only is this a slick ad,
but it promotes in peoples' minds the trendiness of back-
to-nature and of sweaty, sexy beautiful people. Sounds
silly, but when thousands of people see it, there's a chance
thatat least few will really buy into it enough to like what
they see and want more. That's enough to make an impact
on their lives, even if it's just in a little way.

Outside advertising, you've got product design,
where I suppose Sons of Ether would excel. They say
that the job of selling something is just convincing the
mark that he needs it, whatever it is. If you've got some
hot idea for something that goes hand-in-hand with
your Tradition (be it the Junior Occultist's Cookbook
or the Super Computer Web Browser Plug-In), you
need only convince people that it's something they
need, and voila. Again, most people won't "get it," but
a few might, and they're the ones we do this for.

avn

a?

(fa Pier.


In addition to handling advertising, I do executive
work and PR. Most large companies run charitable
works or look for ways to get good press. You can turn Finance, Politicsand Leadership—these Traits
this need to your advantage by taking control of the are naturally the underpinnings of a mage in the
company's assets in that regard. Frankly, unless the business world. Perhaps more than any other sort of
CEO has an agenda, he doesn't care whether his check professional mage, a business(wo)man can't afford
goes to UNICEF or the Save the Rainforests fund, as to rely on magical intervention. Therefore, he
long as it's deductible and good for positive press. needs the abilities to really back up his job. This
Finagle yourself into directing such projects, and you necessity also calls for good Intelligence and Ma-
can get a lot of money funneled right where it's needed. fF nipulation scores, as well as high Charisma for PR

Some companies also host special projects, such as types. These mages also have strong material Back-
blood drives, charity auctions, construction assistance, grounds, such as Resources, Allies and Influence, plus
flood relief and disaster aid. You can organize these attendant certifications (see the Appendix) in
efforts, too. Say that you want a particular cemetery some cases.
cleaned up so the ghosts there stop bothering people; On the down side, a mage who works in the
you can make it a charitable event that your company ff business world is often labeled a sell-out by other
sponsors. You get kudos for getting the company good Traditionalists. Young Tradition mages sometimes
press, your supernatural problem is solved, and you get so caught up in their view of the Traditions as
didn't even have to use any magic. anti-modern societies that they think there's no

That brings up the subject of using magic in the room for mages who embrace modern institutions.
business world. You obviously can't just whip out the ritual This image can seriously hurt a mage's status and
knife in the midst of ameeting; I know I sure can't. But you standing with his peers. Furthermore, the business
can make preparations. A lot of business work can be done world ticks to a fast schedule; mages with regular
at home, especially with modern telecommuting and jobs may not have the time to indulge in all sorts of
home offices (as I'm sure all you Virtual Adepts know). adventurous pastimes. Lastly, mages who get caught
While you're at home, you can do whatever you need to up in the profit margins and rigorous schedules can
put the whammy on your project. If youneed to guarantee get lost in banal bureaucracy. It's hard to strive for
that your proposal gets a fair shake, spend an hour or so at Ascension when your attention is focused on the
home giving ita "psychic impression" that'll make it more bottom dollar. Mages risk losing the road to Ascen-
likely to fly. Juggle some numbers and use your intuitive ff sion imexchange for a few bucks—nota good trade
insight to make good projections for the company; it's not by any stretch. (Syndicate Technocrats are an-
all that hard. Just don't try to get away with magic in the other matter, but that's because they've built an
office unless you're desperate. entire metaphysic around money.)

First, magic usually doesn't "take" for a long dura- If your chronicle or story centers on a givet
tion unless you build it up. Chances are, you'll make aff business, though, there are still quite a few things to
nice Effect that does what you need, only to find out [J do. Perhaps the most entertaining is the start-up.
that it fizzled out before your project or proposal got [J The mages are a group of friends who decided to
through all the necessary reviews. Second, the Tech-_ ff start their own business, and they promote their
nocracy is unavoidable in business. The Syndicate has own product or service. Since they run everything,
people in positions in most major money-makers (and they can pick their schedules and even get away
money-losers; if you want to figure that one out, brush with a little magic at work. However, they also
up on your economics) and it will eventually catch the have the most to lose if the business collapses or
whiff of your magic if you are blatant enough to use it in gets co-opted by the Technocracy. Mages who just
the office. It's best to stay safe. You were using the [J work in a larger business run into the troubles of
company to do your mundane work after all, right? office politicking, Technocratic intervention and

Take my advice and you'll do fine, barring a stock mundane mortal authorities. The mage might find
catastrophe or a sudden managerial changeover. And, out that his boss is engaging in illegal business
really, there's little as satisfying as making good money _ ff Pfactices, or he might wind up in the midst of a

while you promote the values that you think are impor- federal trade investigation! : ‘
tant. Doing a job you love, and all that. And just because a mage is in big business doesn't

mean that there's never any action. As movies like

= al

yet pate
Pid iy Pp ating Sp AS Se

rd

"
af


gue
n urder, sitetnetiondl mystery and more. ee charac-
ers may wind up traveling to uncover clues about
idden operations, dig around for the motives of their
olleagues or stumble across a business conspiracy that
ts their lives in danger. Remember, even a mage
er-pusher often winds up on the strange side of
things, which makes him likely to attract all theinterest-
g¢ developments in the company.
So, what would the Traditions do in big business?
ashic Brothers are unlikely to wind up in such a
Position simply due to their anti-materialistic ten-
dencies, but anything's possible. Coordinating a
corporate fitness program and keeping the company's
ords fall into their purview.
Celestial Choristers work in businesses that pro-
mote faith (Bible publishers and the like), but they
also appear in nearly any business that cares about
d takes care of its customers.

Cultists don't often fit into the rigorous business

mold, either, but some head up small, revolutionary
tart-up companies or work as advertisers or testers for
pround-breaking ideas. These Cultists come up with
treme advertising campaigns or new directions for
product-development and placement. (Ofcourse, some
in porn studios, as well, but that notion has become
rather cliché in turn-of-the-century Cultist circles.)
_ Many Dreamspeakers serve as environmental con-
ants, managersforbusinessesrun by their homecultures,
Ad translators (or legal aides) in cultural matters.
Euthanatoi make excellent stock brokers with
heir command of Entropy, of course, and they also
ork in charity organizations or businesses devoted
to medical or legal ends. Many in the legal profession
ight for the right for patient euthanasia or promote
areness of illness and health issues.
Order of Hermes mages, with their rigorous men-
al training, make great businessmen with closet occult
‘eaks, especially those of House Fortunae. Members
House Thig also apply their unique understanding
0 the ever-developing field of technology.
Although Son of Ether inventions are not always
eproducible, many Sons sponsor businesses that build

pele Serene Others wed in ae R&Dsectionsc of
more liberal or forward-thinking companies.

Verbena sneak into corporations in nearly a
capacity. Look over at your co-worker and determi:
if she's a pagan, Wiccan or what-have-you. A quié
Verbena can apply her talents easily to companies
that promote healthy living, sexual aids, natura
products or even blood banks.

And, of course, Virtual Adepts who mature teng
to direct their energies in computer and engineeri
companies where they set up information resources
do consumer surveys, build protection from outsidé
hackers, design web pages and do a little bit o
maverick high-speed computer wizardry on the sid

Technocratic affiliations with the business worl
are almost too numerous to list. Syndicate agents a
the natural choice, but other Technocrats exist intl
business world, too. After all, someone must desi;
and build their incredible inventions!

Iterators work in factories and design labs whei
they produce more useful tools and products — cars
computers, plastics, metal/alloys, industrial machi
ery, you name it — for the Union to disseminate
Progenitors make designer drugs and new medica
devices for use in hospitals, pharmaceutical firms ant
their usual concerns. The Void Engineers relea
technology tuned by space-age experimentation. Net
World Order operatives oversee security and media

The real stinger comes in how the groups ma
cross over. Since the Technocracy works as a cohe:
group (most of the time), a lot of exchange takes plac
between Conventions. Forinstance, Progenitors m:
work in the aerospace-oriented firm to discover
effects of extended space travel on humans, while Voi
Engineers design means to build tailored drugs in
weightless environments. For a good guideline
when tocross specialties among the Technocracy;

a Conventioneer and stick him in a role that w
seem more suited to another Convention at first glar
Then, justify how and why he'd be in that role. You'
find that there are more combinations of Technocrat
than just the easy, cookie-cutter molds.

THE ITIEDICAL PROFESSION

For someone who really wants to serve — someone
who wants to make things better for people, in groups and
as individuals — there's only the path of the healer. By my
definition, a healer is someone who sacrifices his own

THE BITTER R@AD
s ' var Cf "be
ueaend

eat

needs and desires to ease the pain of others. It's that simple.
You give up your life in exchange for those of other people.

I'm no doctor or psychiatrist. I don't deal with
liposuction, Valium or any quick-and-dirty solutions.
I'ma paramedic, and I work in trauma cases and danger
zones. Every day I'm up to my elbows in viscera trying


to save someone's life, to staunch this bleeding or that
hemorrhage, to make a difference in just one life. 1
patch up pieces and end the suffering. Sometimes,
when it's too much, I just ease the pain and let it all go.

Make no mistake, the path of the healer isn't for
everyone. You have to watch people suffer and die, and
sometimes you can't do a thing about it. You'll have to
make desperate choices about who you save and how
much you'll give up to make things right. It'll break you
if you let it, and it is never easy.

There's only so much that I can tell you about being
a healer. It takes a strong will and a stronger stomach.
You'll find plenty of opportunities to use a little magic
in addition to all the mundane skills that you can
muster, but you'll still lose from time to time.

In short, don't take this path unless you're ready to
give up everything to help other people. Bring with you
the expectation that you will lose eventually and that it
may Cost you your sanity.

Are you dissuaded yet? No? If you really think you
have what it takes, then good for you — the first few
months of real trauma will tell.

So, now you've heard the anti-recruitment speech
that most doctors and EMTs get. What you need to know
from me is how being a healer impacts being a mage.

Since being a healer is about sacrifice, you'll find
that you never have enough magic to go around. Para-
dox and Resonance make it tough enough to use magic,
and there's always someone who needs just a little more
help than you can safely give. If you dive in and save
them, you'll blow yourself apart; if you don't, you'll fall
prey to the knowledge that you could've done more.
Neither one is healthy for you emotionally.

Worse still, if you let it be known that you have that
special touch, people will hound you for it. You'd think
that people would respect a healer and let him practice
his trade, give him room to use his talents and offer
thanks for special skills when you nudge things along
with magic. The problem is that you'll run out eventu-
ally, and you won't be able to save someone. When that
happens, you'll get the blame, and it'll be all the worse
because of the heightened expectations. Even normal
doctors get malpractice suits and attacks from angry
relatives when they fail to save someone in spite of their
best efforts. If you get a reputation as having some
special, miraculous quality that lets you heal people and
pull them back from the brink of death, you'll find
yourself looking at an angry horde the first time you fail
to uphold that reputation.

Furthermore, the way that most of us do magic
doesn't exactly mesh well with modern medicine. Sure,

CHAPTER TW@: EVERYDAY LIFE 45 ie

1M

A ern ee ee ak
ay a

4 hace ech. - bf.


I can bend fate with a proper spin of the Wheel of
Fortune, but that's not a recognized medical treatment.
You'll get everything from accusations of quackery to
legal investigations. Be careful! Your magic will let you
save more people, but it's also a terrible risk. This risk is
most manifest in the Technocracy. The Progenitors
hardly believe that our treatments are valid, and they
consider "degenerate homeopathy" a threat to health.
They may not know any better, but that ignorance
won't stop them from shutting you down. Of course, the
ways they'll stop you range from just taking away your
ability to practice to arranging a quick trip for youto the
organ bank. As a donor.

Most important, though, is the notion of sacrificing
your enlightenment. Healing isanoble cause, but it's one
that takes up all your energy. You won't have time to
study magic or advance your understanding of the cos-
mos when you're too busy patching people up. I know

Naturally, a mage character who does work as a
healer needs Medicine and Science Abilities, and he
stands in good stead with Expression (for bedside
Manner) and Academics (for classical studies). Back-
grounds for such a mage vary. An EMT or paramedic
does not have the resources of a doctor, but just about
iny medical practitioner needs the Certification Back-
ground (see the Appendix). Medical characters focus

imarily on Mental Attributes, such as high Percep-
tion for diagnosis, Intelligence for treatment and Wits
or rapid-response trauma care. Life and Mind magic
e, of course, the primary magical skills necessary.
A mage who's a full-time doctor is probably not
the best idea for a character. Such a character's time is
ather limited, and extracurricular activities get cur-
tailed. A better idea is to portray a mage who wor!
all" as a medical specialist, taking only certain types
of cases (heart problems, psychological specialties and
5 on). This way, the mage still has time for mystical
ies, but he can get involved in the affairs of the
ical community occasionally as well. Hospital
tics are just as intense as those that exist at any
other sort of job. Plus, the stress of patients with
unusual symptoms or wounds ("Looks like he was
bitten by a vampire!") or those who present a moral
lemma to the mage ("This guy supports the Tech-
hocracy, but we can't just let him die...") always make
ntriguing and powerful stories. Any number of stories

46

THE BITTER R@AD
Pies thal | (

may Pe 1 ths 4
Oak Me a ee
¢ Bits ® a Lh J 1S sage |

FL as

that I'll never be a Master myself. I may manage to get a
strong understanding of Life magic just from practice in
the field, but it's no substitute for formal training. Field
study is useful, to be sure, but it's not the same.

And let's face it, the Ascension road is inherently
selfish. It's about overcoming your problems and your
inadequacies and resolving your place in the world.
That may mean discovering compassion and sacrifice
and finding room for other people, but spending all your
hours solving other peoples' problems doesn't give you
much time to fix your own.

My advice? Unless you've got a severe cosmic debt
or a driving need to help, leave the healer's work to
others. We fight a nastier war than anyone else, and
inevitably, we lose. So do what you can, but remember
that if you decide to take this road, you're giving up
everything to heal the wounds of the world.

And your work's never going to be done.

can be introduced easily just by the regular rotation 6
patients and their problems through a hospital.

A mage psychologist or psychiatrist occupies a very
special position. Given a place of trust by the patientand
the expectation of solving the patient's mental difficul:
ties through exploration of ideas and emotions, thé
mage can easily bring up Tradition concepts as part 6
therapy. Although doing so might arguably be a brea
of trust, every therapist brings some of his own persona
prejudices to the job, and mages are no different. If s
convinces someone that he's not crazy because he be
lieves in magic, or that he really can better himself
through a certain regimen, the mage has turned o1
more mind on to the path of the Traditions.

Mage healers come in many forms, from homeo
pathic doctors to acupuncturists, exercise and physica
therapists, surgeons and EMTs. Traditionalists work:
just about any of these roles without toomuch trouble

Technocratic mages pursue medical roles, too
Besides the obvious Progenitors, you'll have Iteratiot
X cybernetic engineers, New World Order psycholo
gists, Void Engineer field medics and Syndicat
insurance underwriters. A mage healer can be useful
to just about any group in some fashion, both fo
healing in action situations and as a sociable chara
ter with a recognized standing in peaceful situation
(garnering the respect due a doctor or medic). Th
variety offers a mage healer character many chancel
to shine in multiple parts of a chronicle.

L
y


Obviously, sheer limitations of space prevent us
om covering every possible job permutation, but by
how you should have a reasonable handle on how to
throw a mage into a normal job equation. A few other
deas worth exploring include:
© Law Enforcement: Seen Law and Order lately?
A mage police officer or Federal agent has no end of
criminals to catch and action to undertake. A more
pernatural game runs like The X-Files. Other cabal
mates might be lawyers or otherwise operate as parts
of the legal system, so that the mages get things done
s judges, juries and executioners, so to speak. Pick up
aw, Politics, Subterfuge and maybe some Firearms
tills for these characters. Mind magic is very useful
in such a game as well.
© Family-Oriented Mages: Some families carry'a
eritage of magic, whether it exists in the form of
actual power or just handed-down occult lore. A mage
ho grows up ina family with a magical history will be
much more at home with the occult, and he will have
potent allies or mentors in the form of family members.
Such a mage could inherit some sort of magical Won-
der, and he may have a Merit or Flaw that runs in the
family. Even if the mage's immediate relatives aren't
Awakened, the odds are good that some of them are
orcerers or acolytes. Some great roleplaying friction
curs if some (but not all) of the mage's relatives are
gicians. A sibling might be resentful of the mage's
er, oran un-Awakened father might disapprove of
d disbelieve in the wife and children's powers.
© Street Life: See Destiny's Price and The
Drphan's Survival Guide for some ideas here. A
treet-level chronicle pits mages against homelessness,
poverty, hunger and prejudice in an attempt to sur-
ive. One of the great draws of sucha chronicle is that
eemingly minor accomplishments (starting up a
business, getting off the street, surviving a gang con-
flict) take on major importance to the characters.
Otherwise mundane aspects of the chronicle come to
he fore that are just as important as the mage's mystic
fe, if not more so.

¢ The Church: Although Choristers make up the

largest block of church-oriented mages, faith is not

really exclusive of any Tradition. A group of mage:
might share similar faiths, and the mages could wor
together to promote their religion or a local temple
Alternately, mages might have to reconcile theii
beliefs with magic or with one another. Churchet
offer a stepping-stone for mages to become involved
in all sorts of community activities, be it simp
picnics and social events to charity fundraisers a
recruitment drives. Although the Technocracy doe
not actively frown on religion (which is, after all, 1
opiate of the Masses), mages who are too outspoke
in their beliefs can draw the ire of mortal or super
natural authority. And that's not counting thi
Inquisition or the other creatures that sometime'
infiltrate the church hierarchy. Church-oriented
mages tend to have good ratings in Expression (spe
cifically, Oratory) and Academics.

© The Underworld: For a little bit of moral
ambiguity, stick the mages in the midst of the crimi
nal element. The mages may be criminals themselves
or they may be blackmailed into complicity. Perhap
their families or close friends have hidden crimina
ties, which the mages don't find out about until
they're already embroiled in conspiracy. Mages with
this sort of background obviously need to know Lav
and they often have skill in violent pursuits.

Criminal mages don't all have to be knee-bust
ers, though. They can also be forgers, counterfeiters
art thieves, fences and smugglers, with all the appro!
priate skills. These mages naturally tend to ha
Flaws relating to their background, such as a sec
(criminal past) or an enemy (legal authorities wh«
hunt the mage). On the upside, the mage is already an
outlaw, so he's practiced hiding and living on
lam, giving him an edge in evading the Technocrac}
And Syndicate mages sometimes wind up runni
slightly shady operations, too. 3

We can't tell you all the ways to play a mage. Us
these ideas as a springboard for your own creativit
The important thing to remember is to explore no
just the mage's role and profession, but the interac
tion of uniquely magely facets with that role.

CHAPTER TWe: EVERYDAY LIFE

47

) ie

yaa butane

we

i

COTES SHEP SW AE
Busi An

4

Negee



SMES YP aye LA

CHAPTER. [THREE
TRADITIONAL
THES

Sie HIV RE HR ee

=i af THREAT Pa

K-

OR ae te

"Tot el em eli wll wis Dodi pica, Sue cpl dw te cacao o} owe Sth Vaan, Olly rolls wally ane wel

THedion Sch lads bem, end Ste never eon alle fo dig i oul ob ki,
A lhd ob

itl tue, Sine, ov "Teditions — and the Tecoonls Comerdions —
genps sve wore lle speci

vcd hs Khe, lb lt ny po oxy ede
mene of lle cd, aud you com alll reap lle Lenehils ob your comme avces,

Riss tn Soper

bv anal oily o mail eng delle

wo also happens bo be a

SW Uy ce abt Slt los to sy. Ld 9 wal oh i spss bn dc

-¥

Life is a game, or so it has been said, and there are
winners and losers as well, despite what they tell you.
Seems like the collection of toys before death has become
something ofasport amongst Sleepers. Sogoes the game...

The Awakened, in all our smug, ‘holier-than-thou'
glory, are really not much different. We, too, play a game,
complete with winners, losers, the whole nine yards.
Acquisition is the name of our goal, like that of the
Sleepers, but one significant difference exists. While the
Sleepers toil their lives away over illusions, we fight for the
ultimate prize, control over the reality that gives birth to
those illusions. Other than that, there is little that makes
us better, or more human (as some particularly arrogant

wb er

mages would say), than our mundane brothers. Like in
their game, power, experience and pure know-howare key
factors in achieving our ends. But it really just boils down
to who you know... and who knows you.

Seeingasthe stakes are much higher in the Awakened
game, the ties that bind us are forged to be much stronger,
much more meaningful, than the loose cons played out by
those Asleep. When a friend doesn't even have to be
behind you to stab you in the back (take as literally as you
like), you learn to pick and choose more wisely, or die
before you realize you've made a mistake. There is little
safety in our world, and one needs to adapt to that danger.
Learn to ride that danger, and you will go far indeed.

CHERTR THREE TRADITIONAL Ties 49

te ea oar

\
a dabatann ty


A GLIMPSE INT@ THE PAST

W At one time, in the unimaginably distant
MH past, there thrived a world in which the
f¥ solitary practitioner of the Artcould survive,
not only well, but better than those who
formed groups. He had no infighting to deal
with, and he didn't have to put up with any
political games played by plastic people. The
legendary pursuit of our ancestors was sup-
posedly pure, the search for understanding
and experience being the prime motivational forces. How-
ever, as Sleeper society evolved and material possession
started its rise to paramount importance, so too did the
mindset of mages change. It was at this point that we saw
the rise of such entities as the Hermetic Houses and the
growing masses (magical and otherwise) of the soon-to-be
Celestial Chorus. In response, other groups and styles
began to come together, knowing full well that survival
would ultimately depend on sticking with one's own. No
formal Traditions existed at this time, beyond fairly small
and unorganized groups with similar interests and meth-
ods. Thus, we saw the dawn of the Low Mythic Age.

Eventually, the Hermetic Houses and the Chorus
influenced the Sleeper community. Perhaps it was
merely an accidental realization that to control the
Sleepers' minds was to more thoroughly control magic,
but, regardless of the initial cause, a race soon devel-
oped to control what the mundane considered "real."
The would-be Chorus (with its emphasis on external
salvation) and the Houses (with their arcane pseudo-
sciences) became quick rivals only moderately affected
by such unorganized groups as the Wyck. In retro-
spect, it is difficult to determine exactly who gripped
the Sleeper world tighter. In fact, many cases of
blending occurred between the two factions — al-
chemy being a fine example.

However, as the game dragged on and outright war
developed between the Chorus and the Houses, a third
group was on the rise. This group was capable of destroy-
ing both the High Mythic Age and the Hermetics' hold
on the population. Yes, this third group was that infa-
mous band of philosopher-scientists, the Order of Reason.

As we all know, the confusion created by the two
opposing forces of the Chorus and the Hermetics pro-
vided the Order a fertile ground within Sleepers' minds
to plant the seeds of their new, lay-person-oriented
paradigm. The rest being history, this is the time in our
past when mages realized that, in order to survive, we
must band together, accepting, rather than criticizing,
variant philosophies.

0 ie BITTER ReaD

"Any efudvng,

a at

SAFETY IN NUIMIBERS

As the High Mythic Age came crashing down
around its founders, the Awakened of the time were
forced into a spot they'd never wished to be in. Having
forgotten their ties to mortal men and women, these
once respected sorcerers found the world closing in
quickly. The Order of Reason, champions of the com-
mon man, led the campaign to rid Earth of magical
influence, in attempts to make the world a safer place.
With the unconscious command of reality in its hands,
the Order was very successful from the start. Paralleled
by the Inquisition in the Sleeping world, a grand purge
swept across the land, putting a price on Awakened
heads and a bounty on places of magic. Lacking the
support of those they once controlled, the mages had
only themselves to rely on —a fact frightful enough in
its own right — and they knew that something had to
be done. Thus we saw the birth of the Traditions.

Born from flames of revolution, and nurtured by
necessity, the Traditions were the last safe haven for the
Awakened. While precursors of the Traditions have
always existed, never before had they banded together
as they did after the Council sprang into existence.
Basically, the whole idea evolved as a way for mages to
communicate, practice, meet and survive in an under-
ground movement format. This arrangement had many
distinct advantages, of course, but its own set of unique
problems, as well.

Bullied into secrecy by the budding Big Brother,
Awakened mages the world over inevitably found the
protective wing of the Traditions a crucial source of
survival. If it isn't obvious, the Technocrats aren't
stupid. Despite how powerful she might be in her own
right, a solitary mage stands no chance against the
agents of logic. On the other hand, if this sorceress is
backed by a group of similarly powerful mages, the
Union might think twice about stirring its stick near
her. Along the same lines, should multiple groups join
hands in battle against the Technocracy, all hell could,
and would, break loose. Not only would the mere effort
of crushing such a force be considered wasteful by this
epitome of efficiency, the ripples their war would cause
in the collective ocean of humanity would be stagger-
ing, to say the least. Such is the philosophy behind the
Traditions. Herd mentality? Well, that's debatable.
Effective? Without a doubt.

Of course we all know that the hands-held-to-
gether image of the early Council is a far cry from the

ith

i. ies "


actuality of their situation. With such a large organiza-
tion of people from all over the world (as they knew it),
it is no wonder that times were tough and that compro-
mise was a precious oasis amidst the flames of rivalry
and conflicting interests. So many strong-willed indi-
viduals all chasing different leads toward the Light
could only spell infighting, and fight they did.

The group that eventually became the
Dreamspeakers found the Council's white-man men-
tality gruesome. The Wyck were still sore from the
Chorus' bitter attacks. The Akashics, born in lands far
from Europe, saw the West as undisciplined and barely
tolerable. What uniting factor could have forged ties
that have lasted as long as they have amongst a group so
tangled in egocentricity and hatred?

ee
te pois. Le ld oon elo

Me sail tal mone impotent Ulan tle aed ix lsloy ave tle
causes Keli lose oaks, We cent docas omen lle ned (o fecp en
Vostony may de 0s Vuln oll piece ob lime, Ud ering bom

c we wel tle pp of the comme mau. To

oe wp ne fae wp ln

We to Wi Ua manic is lle pes fo sexe. 9 sene tle
1s en | ee

it He pours 04 04 eS

Bl hyp Sel
(eR ee OSs

-™.

FROMM SURVIVAL Te SOMETHING ITIorE...
While more traditional mages spout that the Coun-
cilwas born of the Awakened desire to protect humanity
from the Union's icy grip, the fact of the matter is that
we mages were running like cowards, with our tails
between our legs, when the Traditions were created. It

1
"
i

WEE Sy YE
it Aha

a fala §

‘i ig fet \

—-

Lar,
, SS

wasn't until significantly later that the whole idea of an
Ascension War was formulated.

Many years passed, filled with infighting, organiza-
tion, restructuring and the like, before any amount of
stability was achieved. Once the semblance of structure
was attained, arguably around the 16th century, the
mages of the Traditions began to realize the signifi-
cance of what the Order of Reason was up to, as well as
what could be done to stop it. Where once the Order
had undertaken an Ascension "plot," namely manifest-
ing in the hostile takeover of the world, the Traditions
now engaged in an Ascension War with flames fueled
by defiance of the Order on all levels.

The fact that the members of the Council adopted
sword and shield on behalf of the Sleepers is almost
undeniable. However, there was one problem with
timing. Having labored unrelentingly since Time's
dawning, mankind was delighted by the Technocracy's
plan to make life easier through science. Top that with
the fact that people had also grown awfully leery and
tired of the common Awakened-types (namely mages
of the Traditions), and you have a very unwilling
recipient of an unwanted salvation. Were the pre-
Council mages a bit more compassionate of
Those-Who-Snooze, perhaps the Union would never
have risen, but that's just useless speculation at this
point. The fact of the matter is that now the world of
the mundane isn't even aware that it is in desperate
need of guidance. People need a different hand to steer
reality. They need a hand that'll let them steer a little
more liberally.

On the matter of just where the consensual reality
should be steered, one will find about as many opinions
as one finds mages, and this variety is both a positive
and negative aspect of Tradition life. Above all, the
Council of Nine is convinced that every human being
should have the freedom to choose his destiny, and how
he gets there. Just how this freedom is presented, as well
as the definition of freedom itself, is what keeps the
Traditions from walking the same road as the Union,
however. Some say that it is this conflict that prevented
the Traditions from attaining any real ground in the
Ascension War. I'd be more prone to say that this
conflict is the key to winning the battle.

On the drawing board for the Ascension War were
three main goals. First among them was the reclaiming
and protecting of sacred places, namely Nodes and
places of magical significance. With the Gauntlet thick-
ening and the Union hoarding all Quintessence for its
ownends, taking back reality would be difficult without
these necessary aspects of mage life. Next on the agenda

was presenting options to Sleepers. Every Tradition, to
this day, maintains a Sleeper front of some sort, nar-
rowly minding the Rule of Shade, and endlessly searching
for potential recruits. All the while, so the theory goes,
the Council is planting seeds in the minds of the
Sleepers, impregnating the collective unconscious with

Hey, Storytellers! If you're gifted with those rare
eeds of players who can put aside their game knowl-

Most players assume that their starting mage char-
ters (Disciples, usually) have a pretty good handle on
Tradition politics, history, the Ascension War and the
formation of mage groups. Such isn't necessarily the
ase, though. Build a group of mages from varying
raditions but assume that they don't know the names
all the other Traditions, they don't know anything
yout the Technocracy other than that it's out there
ind it's dangerous, and they don't know a lot of Ascen-
ion War history. Then, let them try to figure these
things out — or get burned a little as they learn.
Mage games get a lot of exploration. However,
at exploration is just as valid coming from the base
as at the pinnacle. After all, you don't really have to
know all the details of Tradition history just to be an
Adept of Forces. Perhaps your character's mentor
eeded to get your character up to speed quickly, or
he just valued practicality over history lessons. Or
maybe your mage learned a lot from personal experi-
ice, books or other Disciples, which couldn' tell
im the whole back story. Either way, you've got a
lid hook for a story now.
Such a story would start out with various Dis-
iple-level and lesser mages and their consors, and
rust them headlong into Tradition politics. How-
er, remember that the characters in such play
ouldn't even know all the other Traditions, let
lone how to recognize them, or what sorts of foibles
they have. You can run an entire game based around
the exploration of a couple of obscure points of
istory. As the players' characters discover the back-
ory of Tradition development, they'll doubtless ask
eir mentors why the Traditions did things a certain
ay. Then they can get indignant or judgmental or
rious... and the plot thickens. Just because it's over
ind done with doesn't mean that it's pointless. How

‘ey q eaves 1 nit! 4

awareness-expanding ideas. This plan was intended to
make reality more flexible. Finally, we see the actual
warfare part of the situation. We defend reality against
the Technocracy, with the added clause, however we see
fit. I think that about speaks for itself.

the Traditions did things in the past continues t
affect them in the present. Characters might fi
themselves agonizing over the former decisions 4
their Traditions, especially if their own past live
were involved heavily. They could try to move tht
Tradition in anew direction or educate new member
in the (good?) old ways. Best of all, perhaps tl
characters can't be certain of the accuracy of whal
they've learned, and they have to think, argue, study
and search to figure out "the Truth."

Actually pulling together and running a stor
based on historical discovery takes some special prepa
ration on the part of the Storyteller. It's all too easy
fall into the trap of letting the players roll some dict
and then disgorging chunks of information. Instead
the Storyteller should concentrate not only on
historical data, but on the means to get it and its impact
in the story. Like any story, a conflict needs to exist t6
give the players something to run up against... ma
history not only the reward, but also the controversy
How, you ask? For.any tidbit of knowledge, there's
someone who doesn't want it to get out, or who has
skewed viewpoint on it, or who could be hurt by it.

Some neat ideas that you couldrun with includ

¢ A Time-oriented character can easily spend:
great deal of effort on divinations into the past
Knowing why the Traditions did things a certain wa
can be useful, but are the divinations accurate? Ai
what about those areas blocked from time-sight?

¢ Historical research work gives those scholar
mage character types something to do with all thos
Knowledge Abilities. This search is a great place fot
showing the use of Academics, Investigation and
more esoteric Abilities. The Library Background is
big help, too. If the players have to hinge a decisio
on, say, a legal matter that the Tradition set a pree
dent for in 1765, they'll go diving for those historica
research rules. Youcan spice this search up with sor
roleplaying among other Tradition historians a
researchers, or by giving them some conflicting source:
and letting them sort out the truth. A particular

titan ee fa


rim game might force the players to uncover the
ruth, only to bury it again so that they can keep it
om precipitating some crisis in the present...

© Characters with mentors might be tasked to dig
ap historical information, or tested on their knowl-
tdge of Tradition history. The Order of Hermes and
Akashic Brotherhood in particular are fond of deal-
ng thus with young mages. Hit the players' characters
ip for information that you know they don't have
you stingy Storyteller, you), then make them run
round to get it. Since you hold the keys to it, youcan
t them into all sorts of hot water. Stick the relevant
fo in some nasty, hard-to-reach place, and direct
the chronicle toward whatever locale you want.

¢ When mages do research, they have this ten-
ncy to delve into mystic resources like the Akashic
ecord or the Digital Web. Great! You can encourage
r discourage this behavior as much as you like. Tell
them, "Your Akashic Master tells you that the infor-
nation you seek is not in the Record," or he says, "You
spect that the Digital Web may be a good place to
arch." The best part about these sorts of information
torage is that they tend to be interactive. Instead of
the characters just reading or asking about informa-

C@NFLICT, MeTIVATION,
PROGRESS

The past being old news, Awakened society now
stands on the brink of reformation, a refreshing of thought
in attempts to take action in more effective directions.
Brought on by a new generation of leaders and thinkers
in the Traditions, this long-expected revival of vigor in
the Council has produced some interesting trends. To
say the least, the typically opposed members of the
Traditions (the Dreamspeakers and the Celestial Chorus
come to mind) are increasingly becoming mutually tol-
erant. Rivalries are once again based on valor and
knowledge in friendly competition, and Sleepers are
those in need, rather than those we need. Coming full-
circle, the Council is realizing that it had lost sight of its
foundations, the initial splendor that made it a respect-
able force in the Ascension War. But, like the dynamic
they represent, change comes...

According to the Union's schedule of events (we
surmise), the Ascension War is over, and as planned,
the Union has won. Begging to differ, I say that its over-
confidence is going to be its downfall. In some Tradition
circles, the mood is that the War isn't over... it's just
changed gears. With the new-found sense of purpose

SOE UW RRL aie iv \
Ca lay of , aU V4 :

at gts wt
ig Vr

tion, they can get dropped into an entire adventure a
they become the protagonists in the history, or a
inserted into the ongoing historical tale. It's just lik
walking into a novel. Whether the players then act
ally change history or not, of course, is up to you.
© Check out Morte d'Arthur: The Arthurian
cycle is supposedly .a repeating legend. What if ¢
given situation mirrors some event inthe past? As
unfold the ancient story, the players can draw paral
Tels, identify themselves with the heroes (and villai
of the ancient tale, and perhaps rush to find out ¢
whole story before their own tale ends, so thatthe
have some idea of what's going to happen.
¢ Asa spin on the "dangerous knowledge" trick,
have the players dig into some bit of history that hasa
effect on their friends, family or Tradition. Perhaps]
characters really need to know who screwed them o¥
on a-deal. However, when they find out who Wi
responsible for the act in.question, they discover tha
it's someone they can't do anything about — like
powerful mentor or even an ally who accidentally (
under duress) wound up on the wrong side.
© Did we mention time-travel, dream-travel ani
other bizarreness?

and camaraderie, and the decision to use subtler meth-
ods, Big Brother's got a cold war brewing in his hands.
What this all means for the individual is that, if you've
ever dreamed of being hero-of-the-day or longed for
personal glory, now is the time to take a shot. Sleepers
are realizing that the Technocratic ideal isn't all it's
made out to be and they're looking for a way out. Pave
that way for them, and you're paving your road to the
mage's hall of fame. At least that's the idea.

AFTER ALL THESE YEARS...

Despite all the time spent being at each others'
throats, the back-stabbing and the mud-slinging, the
Council has stuck together for about 500 years now.
With that torrid and long a history, one would wonder
how they ever pulled it off. The fact of the matter is that,
regardless of whatever the social air in the Council may
be, Tradition mages were there for each other in times of
adversity. Few threats proved daunting enough to make
a Council member turn her back on a fellow mage. Only
treason, sometimes worse, could have placed a member
in an outcast position or attracted the hostility of the
Traditions, and few mages dared cross that line.

Just why members of the Traditions are so commit-
ted to the Council is of individual concern. Often times

CHAPTER THREE: TRADITIONAL Ties
a F 5
ty Mh

ere Ta
ie

3 OF


that commitment comes out of duty, honor and respect
for the entity that has allowed their existence, the safest
beacon for the Awakened in this dark world. Others are
truly committed to the ideals of the Ascension War,
chiefly compassion for Sleepers and the desire to share
wisdom and knowledge with the whole world. These
types are prone to view the Council as the best method
to achieve these ends. Still, too, there are mages who
feel that the Traditions have come too far to give up
now. These mages prefer to keep the legacy of all
who've laid down their souls, sanity and lives for all that
has been gained up to now, and win the War started so
long ago. And last, but certainly not least (especially in
number), are those who chose to stay with the Council
due to the safety it provides. This choice is particularly
common among the Awakened youth, for obvious
reasons (much to the dismay of high-rankers).

AGRAIN @F SALT

If you're not buying all this happy-go-lucky chica-
nery, I won't be surprised. While there is certainly a
marked change in the atmosphere surrounding the
Traditions, change is hard to make permanent, orstable
for that matter, even for mages. There are many who
still resent so-and-so for such-and-such a reason. There
are those who still wish to fight Big Brother head on,
guns a'blazing, while others hang their heads in despair,
mumbling, "Woe is me; all is lost." Worst of all, in my
opinion, are those who show blatant hostility towards
the Sleepers, on the justification that their ignorance
needs to be purged!

While there remain small numbers of these various
extremists amongst the Traditions, their ranks grow all
the time, whether as formal organizations, or just by the
fact that there are more people purporting these views.
All extremes seem to be zipping quickly to that area
properly deemed "out of control" — Marauder and
Nephandi zones included. It seems that, as reality spirals
further into its fate, the Awakened are pushed further
into the depths of excess. What can and will come of it,
none can say forsure. One must wonder if this centrifugal
force will cause the intimate connection between the
Stasis, Entropy and Dynamism to shatter.

An aside, by the way: If you think you can just sit
back and not worry about the Technocracy, think again.
While the Union doesn't necessarily go out of its way to
stomp random mages (like it used to), it won't hesitate at
all to knock a Reality Deviant into oblivion. Or worse.

Hmm. That was rather histrionic, wasn't it? Let's
just keep it simple. The Traditions have been hit hard,
and the world is not a happy place. That's all the more
reason to pull together, but it's not all roses.

54 THE BrrTeR R@AD
AEE LEME PRU WEY te
hi oY eae A i Se

sein Bene eli sts gh a
loections, tle mene cdvemism well see, Conder ito. mater of
Mscawegonet. Te "edi love leon a ta were adel
wd eee ol les yoo
fave spur Rone lle prslaaks, and yu rome lle lsieertoe, Wee
Lely pope lls ei we tue fo age el ig wo wl
oxcestoally come exued fo ite ws in be ass,

Teal sail, 9 tik it's 6 good ts Were auppnied fo le

im bcedom oh cloice oul oll. vig? Mt if abso means thal
we weed deo Ue raloud me (law ser for quily Tradiioalil
pple ieh rte Ole dees
wil tein sheng ideal policing, can leep (olson len people al
lo sce a hew i i in line,

ee

@F ITIEANS AND ENDS

Collectively, the Council wishes, in a sense, to
inspire the populace of Earth to see past the limits
imposed by the rigid Technocratic paradigm. The Tradi-
tions want to see people dream again, to wish, to know
and to have the intense sense of being in control of one's
own life, the joy of dancing with the proverbial higher
self, the ecstasy of creating reality in your dance. More
pragmatic mages even wish tosee the safety and generally
good standard of living that science allows broadened.
Whereas the Union says of reality, this is how it must be,
the Council wants to say, this is what people want.

The methods of the Council as a whole are consid-
erably risky. In current times, the Council has learned
to use the media, propaganda, books, movies and music
against the NWO. Ever mindful of the so-called Rule of
Shade, the Council still realizes that the best way to get
at the Technocracy is through the people it oppresses.
Of course, there are those who see these attempts as
futile, the Union having explained away everything up
to petty spoon-benders, but the results aren't too bad.
Perhaps "to be expected" is an appropriate way to put it.

On the other hand, the individual Traditions are
stepping up on the progress they're making. With each
Tradition refining its goals and gearing its methods more
precisely, the Ascension War gives way to the Age of the
Individual, as these groups are gaining ground thought

Heat rely, Y Ps

Wy gel

ae

1a

a eax

a

impossible just half a century ago. With more focus on
enlightening the individual, as well as praising the ac-
tions of individuals, the Council sees that its plans-of
"impregnating the collective" are actually working.
There's little doubt, though, that it will take muchrtime
for these seeds to grow and bear fruitof theit owns

A look at the modern methods of thé Traditions,
each in their turn:

The Akashic Brothers

Perhaps the slowest-growing Tradition of the-late
20th century, the Akashic Brothers) are, nonetheless,
making unheard-of progress. While many haye been
fighting for better living conditions for their peoplesiint
the Orient, much ground has been won in the worldwide
Sleeper community as well. In an interesting twiston the
famed Akashic mental networks, the Akashic inessage of-
Oneness of the Mind is spread via the Intetnet, the fastest
growing community of mages in the world»Through the
Internet, many of this Tradition's sectets are brought to
the attention of just about anybody who'eares to uséa
standard search engine. Diligent students can-glean
Akashic philosophy and practices from the spread of
more mundane information. Concealed among the huge

community of martial arts and philosophy websites, the
Akashic networks remain hidden in plain sight. Of
‘course, computer science isn't the foremost component
of the Akashic philosophy, but it's noteworthy as an
exception. Akashic practices spread along with health
programs, martial arts schools and acceptance of Eastern
philosophy, but.that goes without saying.

This Tradition suffers, however, due to the fact that
its'most powerfulmembers are (for lack of a better word)
ancientand out of touch with the modern world. A 100-
year-old, Master who has spent decades training himself
not toyely on}tools is/unlikely to use the Internet, a car
Or any of the trappings of modern living. (Not all expe-
rienced AkaShics are this detached, but it's certainly
mote/prevalent among this Tradition than in others.)

This makes students worthy of leadership positions
ahighly sought-after prize to this group of mages. With
stodgy mentors, however, the supply of willing students
is thin at'best. The bottom line is that this Tradition
severely needs to modernize in order to appeal to this
new _genération of the Awakened, while maintaining
the customs and time-honored practices that have
made this Tradition what it is today. Modern Akashics

wd bd bd,

me ESI AAIZ

CHAPTER THREE: TRADITIONAL TIES 55

cA
Po ere Pe


eee

or,

must bridge the gap between ancient heritage and high-
tech life so that people who are thoroughly ensconced
in a technological world can still embrace Akashic
ideology and practice. A young Akashic student needs
to find the dividing line between practice and patience.
After all, someone needs to get out there in the world
to recruit people and show them what they're missing.
But at the same time, Akashic philosophy demands
adherence to meditation, principle and structure away
from the demands of a chaotic world. This narrow line
is a tough one to walk, which is why the few Disciples
who can manage it are so highly prized.

The Celestial Chorus

In a time when apocalypse-mania should be at its
highest, this group is well aware that the entire "end-of-
the-world" bit has been done to death. Besides, paradise
is a distant dream; first the Technocracy, in all its
monolithic glory, would need to fall. Therefore, the
mages of this Traditi6n are forééd.to take a pragmatic
approach, a modern, cutting-edge method to draw po-
tentials to thé fore. Oddly, they've found the New Age
avenue to bea good first start. Once massive opponents
of the watered-down spirituality of the New Age Sleeper
movement, they nowride high on the crest, with angels,
miraclé§andiwisions of the divine all being bags'6f tricks
they draw from. What is surprising is that this group still
holds so much influence/in the Sleeper,world. It's even
more surprisingithat they hold back so many secrets.

Secrets are this group's downfall! Many Sleepers have
come to the conclusion through independent study or
opinion that the Chorus' mundane front, mainly the
Church, is an organization. of greed and half-truths. Of
course the Chorus would be in more trouble had it
abandoned its front altogether, but the fact is that it's lost
a huge amount of credibility in the Sleeping world. Its
focusnow liesin rebuilding the bridges accidentally burned
by the once-hidden truths it guarded so desperately.

Face it, people are just plain cynical. In this jaded
age, faith isa rare commodity. The Chorus needs people
with strong principles, but those sorts are hard to come
by. So the Chorus gets by with what it's got — students
of religion and protectors of the faith. Like anyone else,
these individuals have their foibles and peccadilloes.
Choristers can't claim to be a group of modern-day
saints, and indeed they have plenty of infighting over
doctrine in addition to external enemies. So the Cho-
tus takes what help it can get. But in the long run that
help sometimes winds up as more of a liability.

An up-and-coming Chorister has his work cut out
for him. He not only needs to mediate with the other
Traditions and a suspicious modern world, he must
manage diplomacy between factions. The new blood

56

THE BITTER ROAD

rue eee aed f
Loan recede 's

, f |

has the zeal and drive to see real unification. The
Traditions have been near wiped out, damn it, so the
youngbloods are fired up to fix it! Without their old
Masters sitting around arguing about minor points of
doctrine or demanding penance and patience out of the
youth, the Choristers of today are activists. They can
get behind causes, whether Traditional or mundane,
and they find unity instead of division in those causes.
That's not tosay that they are without prejudice or their
share of pugnacious pedagoguery, but the Tradition's
Disciples are a definite change for the better in a
Tradition that has long resisted change.

Cult of Ecstasy

Almost always leading the culture pack, this hip and
modern Tradition hasn't so much as missed a beat in, the
march 6f time. Social leaders, those defining what is cool
and edgy and the cultural elite, make up this Tradition in
thenew century, and its appeal to Sleepers isphenomenal.
Given the clothes we wear as a world culture, the drugs we
do and the music we listen to, one would wonder what
these)guysare doing worrying about their hold on reality,
seeing how they influence these media*sensations and
more. Top all that off with.an endless sea of potential
members for the Cult (namely the restless and dreaming
youth of today), and we have a picture painted of the most
sitting-pretty Tradition ofall, perhaps ever. Your hip Cult
Disciple knows the fashions, fadsand styles, he understands
how tocommunicate withand motivate people, andhe has
a handle on what people like. Although they can be
frighteningly uninhibited, they've usually got a handle on
what people want. So what are they doing with the massive
success they are apparently enjoying this decade?

Nothing. That\is the problem with the Cultists.
High ideals and higher members don't amount to much
more than lip service to a goal that they aren't motivated
to obtain. Theirs is a path of wisdom, yes, but it's one of
excess as well, and far too many traps await the members
of this Tradition to make their success meaningful, at
least in the short-term. Perhaps the best the Cult does is
inspire the populace to question authority. If they were
better organized, or if they had more focus, they would
make up a force to reckon with. As things stand now....

Dreamspeakers

Surprisingly, this ancient Tradition has little to
worry about modernizing. The onslaught of the indus-
trial world forced the members of this Tradition to
adapt quickly and surely. No room for compromise
existed, and less exists today. Huge numbers of the
Tradition's members and cultures were wiped out, so
the survivors had no choice but to find a niche. Of
course, this forced adaptation makes the leaders of this
Tradition more than just a little resentful.


Asitstands in the modern world, the Dreamspeakers
are divided along two lines: those who'd see their
cultures preserved-(and in somescases revived), and
those who'd see their cultures fullymodernized. With-
out questiony/both. sides*act inefavor_of their culture's
best interests, but as to what those "best interests" are,
few can agree. On the side of preservation, the propo-
nents argue:thaf the ancient customs and'ways should
be kept alive as a symbol of the people's pride, and that
the cultures have a basic human right to exist as they
always have. The flip side argues that, while the preser-
vationist points are all fine and dandy, what is really
going on isa struggle to keep the cultures primitive and
isolated from the growing world:community. In their
minds, the people would be better off should they be
allowed to function in modern society. A'culture can't
survive or keép its identity if it's exterminated.

In either case, the Dreamspeakers will first have to
settle the internal conflicts between their varied cul-
tures and viewpoints before theycan restore the Sleepers'
respect for the spirit world. That's if the spirit world
even exists at all by the time they're done.

Euthanatos

Of all the Traditions, and all the progress they've
made, the Euthanatos is the only one to have taken what
most would deem a downward turn. But that's only
through the eyes of one who does not understand the
motives of this so-called death cults' actions. This group
of soul judges has alwaysitakénjupon itself the responsi-
bility of purging the Council ofunfitmémbers, delivering
the Good Death to many Awakened (Apprentice, Dis-
ciple, and Master alike). Now, their keen judgment is
needed more than ever. In their minds, the Euthanatoi
are paving the way for more fluid change in Sleeper and
mage society. No one, however, can accuse this dark
Tradition of discrimination in any way. Hardest hit of all
Traditions was their own, as they exterminated members
who used the entropic path merely for personal power.

Unfortunately, most other members of the Council
consider the Euthanatoi unfit judges and'executioners
of the innocent. Far from pragmatic, the Euthanatoi
couldn't care less about the other Traditions and their
moral leprosy, and so we see the main group at odds with
the rest. The Euthanatoi endure the other Traditions'
apparent horror grimly, of course, citing that they have
nothing to worry about, should they be pure of heart
and motive, which leaves one wondering who here is
the real threat. Since the Traditions have fractured and
lost their leadership, the Euthanatoi are more cautious
than ever in their dealings with their allies.

On the bright side, many "new" Euthanatoi make
blades in the form of words, publications used to slay the

+E L

aiay. 4 ig

a4 yt , tape

PMT WUE. tag MTA wchhig 1
. r n 1-4", ! in 5

lies of the past. With pens rather than revolvers, comput-
ers as opposed to nerve gas, the more literary Euthanatoi
hope to bring down the tyrant fallacy ofthe Technocracy's
"Truth." These types see the death of outdated structures
as more conducive to good change than the issuing of the
Good Death to mere physical shells.

The Order of Hermes

Like the Celestial Chorus, the Order of Hermes has
always maintained very close contacts with Sleeper
society, letting certain secrets filter into the occult
culture for years. However, wishing to avoid the fate
currently besetting the Chorus, the Order is drawing its
Sleeper community closer and closer to its vision every
day. Like many of the other modernizing Traditions,
Hermetics have found the value of the Internet —
making the Order one of the most common non-
Virtual Adept Tradition groups online — and they are
finding the results astounding.

It used to be*that the Order maintained fronts,
much like the @hurch'to the Chorus)in the form of
small so-called magical sects, like the Hermetic Order
of the Golden Dawn. These mystic lodgeswwere places
where potential sorcerers could gather, discuss, debate
and generally enjoy the:comfoit of like-minded indi-
viduals! Their main purposes6f course, was to find
potential candidates forinitiation, and oftentimes they
did. However, as/more prominent Sleepers in these
lodges caught onto symbols behind the Order's teach-
ings, certain members within the Order realized the
need to modernize the public Hermetic structure. Thus
we see the birth of chaos magic, a Sleeper style that
mirrors Awakened philosophy.

Based on the so-called "new physics," mathemati-
cal chaos theory and arcane numerological equations of
Hermetic origin, the foundation of chaos magic is that
belief creates reality, the same idea that mages have
known for centuries. The Order has also spread its older
roots of alchemy and symbolism through mass-market
printing and web-based graphics. Modern language
theory, covering everything from lingual drift to artifi-
cial language to meme-transfer, gives a whole new spin
to Hermetic invocation. Young Hermetic mages take
new ways of looking at ideas and apply them to the very
founding ideas of Hermetic magic itself.

Sons of Ether

Making a killing from infomercials and late-night
television, the Etherites are as largely unconcerned
with the Ascension Waras they always have been. This
Tradition is much more concerned with Science for
and of its own sake, happy to inspire humanity when
and how it can, but rarely striving these days for the
attention of the Sleeper community. Because of this

CHAPTER THREE: TRADITIONAL TIES
ee pis >
mE "Wd (ae Babs
ee) t

‘

I
or  Sare


free-style approach to the Ascension War, the Sons
have earned the resentment of many other Tradition-
alists. But then, why get your hands dirty if there are
others willing to play in the mud?

Etherites who do wish to have a positive impact on
humanity do so in very indirect ways, often times with
odd-ball theories that make it to the mainstream.
Naturally, Technocrats are quick to rationalize or de-
bunk Etherite theories, but at least they last long
enough to make some Sleepers dream, if not totally
realize the lie of "hard facts."

Since the 1970s, however, a "new physics" has been
making its way around the Sleeper scientist community.
You guessed it: The Sons take the blame. Like rebellious
children thumbing theirnéséat their parents, this former
Convention has pulled one.over on the Technocracy.
Theyyarepliterally pointingstheirfingersinyaydirection
science is unwittingly following. Obyiouslythey're not
in control.of scientific thought to the:degreesthat the
Technoéraeysispburit shows the impactia Pradition can
have, should it stick to its goals and accomplish them for
their own sakes. The new physics startedout as a really
good idea. Interestingly enough, it was,faken upyby the
Order of Hermes to support its chaos fnagic theories. Are
we seeing a seed sptout here?

Modern Etherités thus run ih two extrémes: those
who followin the footsteps of their predecessors and
promote weird sciénce, and those who,divejinto cut-
ting-edgescience.to bend and twist new theories before
theye¥en become old ahd outdated. With their former
meeting halls gone\and¥many of their Voidships
grounded, the Etheriteshavedhad to refocus their efforts
on Earthly pursuits. Diseiples who want to involve
themselves in the mortal world do so through innova-
tions that help individuals or solve specific problems. In
magely society, Etherites contribute material, fearless
manpower and infiltration of the existing Techno-
cratic paradigm. The Etherites have also been desperate
to get their dimensional travel programs working again,
and they've shown some promise in developing mate-
tial shielding against the Avatar Storm!

Verbena

Having taken to the information super-highway
like many others, this Tradition has been making a
comeback. Possessing a more modern pool of Initiates
to draw from, the Verbena share many of the same goals
as the Dreamspeakers, namely a desire to see cultures
and wild areas preserved. As eco-terrorism rises, so too
does the militancy of this Tradition. Weapons as broad
as propaganda, guns and magically induced natural
disasters foster the Verbena cause in warfare. Mention

Ea 2 ve BIrTeR R@AD

the fact that this group also has the fastest growing
number of Sleeping constituents, and you may see why
this Tradition is one of the more promising factors in
the Ascension Cold War.

One main problem confronting this Tradition isthe
scourge of stereotypes. Many Sleepers and modernized
mages alikéseriticize-the Verbena's methOds, mytholo-
gies and even appearances@oupled with the fact that
these neo-Pagan types'€an be fluffy4happy one minute
and spitefully vengeful the next,vou might begin to see
why many are turned off by this volatile lot — even
though the Verbena aren't all happy-go-lucky Witchie-
Poohs. So what to do? Well, Verbena have never been
terribly concerned with image. That might be a mistake.
Verbena who want to make a difference need to make
their ways accessible to other mages—and to Sleepers —
in ways that aren't frightening or strange.

Virtual Adepts

Leading the way into the new millennium, the
gung-ho Adepts are, perhaps, in the best position to
enforce change. For one thing, these Council upstarts
are well versed in both Technocratic and Council
paradigm, knowing where they meet, agree, clash and
differ wildly. They have an enormous ability to move
vast amounts of information quickly, quietly and effec-
tively. Most Adepts still geta kick out of fragging a few
MiBs now and thei, So, what is thisyyoung Tradition
doing with all of its potential? Surprisingly, a lot.

Wrapped inanonymity whileroaming cyber-space,
these expert persuaders have access to, many Sleeping
minds at almo$t all times. They use this‘boon to instill
the seeds of conspiracysintosthesmit
pushing their own weird agendas,
information and brain-twisting

loud oe tokeep the =. cleaning up the
mess forweeks. Butit doesn't endithere.

Besides playing with the Sleepers, the Adepts have
the best ways to attack the Technoeracy directly. They
are able to take out systems, factories, banks, et cetera,
with but the push of a button (or two). As of late,
however, the Adepts have been more concerned with
showing the world that it is in control of technology, not
the other way around. Whereas many Traditions see
science and reason as oppressive to the soul of humanity,
the Adepts purport that oppression is caused by the
Technocracy'suse of technology, nothing more. If people
would but allow it, technology could be a tool of freedom

unparalleled by any other Tradition construct. Some
Adepts hope to take the "freedom of information" to the
level of disseminating all technological understanding to The broad Tradition stereotypes presented here
the Masses. Others just concentrate on cleaning up F aren't designed to replace or rehash the material
specific problem cases like Internet crime, fraud or busi- from the core rule book. Rather, they're a look at
nesses that step on their personal pet peeves. More than fF what's happening with each Tradition right now, as
one Adept has plowed through a company's records just J well as what modern characters in those Traditions
to revenge some slight against his ideology. This anar- are doing. Of course, this is all going to vary with
chic streak keeps them unpredictable, but it also means the needs of your chronicle!
that they continue to be heralds of change. On the player side: First off, remember that
These days, any given Adept is as likely to be a your mage isn't a Tradition clone (that's the Pro-
mathematician, musician, engineer or whatever as a genitors, thanks). Although these guides can
computer cracker. While the Web was (and is) a fertile (hopefully) give you some ideas of the sorts of
playground, it's not going to solve all the problems of P jurdles ahead for modern Tradition mages, it's
the world — a shocking concept to the older Adepts FF more important to use them to mesh with some
who thought that Reality 2.0 would take care of every- ideas that are already applicable to your character,
thing! So, now, Adepts are looking for new toys with Just because you'rea modern Akashic doesn't meant
which to play. Some Traditionalists are uncomfortable fF that your character has to have adojo anda website.

with the ) level to which a few Adepts seem to be B However, you should be prepared to deal with your
encroaching back into the areas of their former Tech- F character's Tradition taking steps in thatdirection,

nocratic thinkers. Cybernetics, bioengineering and and you should think about how your character
cognitive science have boomed in popularity among feels about it! Oh, and remember to consult with
Adept studies. However, the Adepts were never ones your Storyteller.
for rules, and it looks like they're going to continue to On.tite Stonpéller sides'You can, of course, ruil
take in new things to see and do. the Traditions as you like. These suggestions give
The Hollowers and Their Ik you an idea of what's happening in our "canonical"
Hovering on the edges of the Council like those too World of Darkness, if you care about that. The key
cool for the rest of the-party, the Hollowers and other point is that the Traditions have to change to keep
Orphans of the Awakened world are at their best time to up with the world — your world. Once you decide
shine. To understand just where these pseudo-groups are how your World of Darkness is changing, sit down
going, though, it is best to first consider their mindset. and think about how the Traditions change in
Snobbish and arrogant, the Disparates act like those response, or fail to do so. A Tradition's failure to
waiting for an invitation to the biggest bash in town, and, address some major concern could very well spell
when they realize it's not forthcoming, they tum their their end! Unlike vampires, who are going to
noses up like they didn't Want to go anywaysNowhold this J maintain a long-running structure with immortal
analogy to the candle-flickerofthe Council, andyou'llsee FF authority, mages are still mortal, and they can (and
what I'm sayitig: Unfortunately, generalizations in this do) run out of time. Even mages who manage to
area are bound to get sticky. The,above only holds water FF extend their life often do so at the expense of their
for roughly one-third of the Hollowers and Disparates. time on Earth, which in turn means that Earth-
The Ascension War? Half of this group gets tense, bound magical leaders will go through changes.
defensive and uptight, like aneglectfulbaby-sittercaught ff Just as each generation remakes the world in its
in the act. Another halfean be squeezed tightenough to [image and fights against its predecessors, so too do
get the faintest snicker or snide remark, but you seriously mages rebuild their society and break with their old
have to try here. And the other half (yes, I realize this is yays. The Traditions may be more hidebound than
the third half — obviously you don't know how big a most, as indicated by their name, but they too
group this is!) yields a dreary-eyed "Wha...?" response, fF change, especially in the wake of the Reckoning.
seemingly rehearsed, but for the total spontaneity. Give them some credit, and take the time to think
As for those who are aware and taking action, their ff about those changes in your game.
methods are about as brash and unorganized as any can
expect from such a shabby Craft. Now, ifthe Hollow Ones
were to organize and take steps in the right direction, this

PAYS OPES HERE Ms,
ee 8 gs A et ao .


Sleeper-luring Craft could gain some real influence in the
Council and otherwise. The question is, do they really
want to grow up and be responsible, or will they forever
choose to be the tragic youth. The way things look now,
I think they've got the answer pretty settled...

The independent Crafts, on the other hand, are a
wreck. For the most part, they had buried their heads in
the sand, hoping to avoid the entirety of the fight. Most
just wanted to practice their ways in peace. Well, too
bad! When the future of the world is at stake, there's no
magic Switzerland. As best the Traditions can tell, most
of the Crafts have been slaughtered and scattered. A
few remain here and there, and a couple have finally
come to the table with the Traditions in search of
allegiance. Modern Craftsmen are in a desperate bind.
Their groups have even less hold than the Traditions,
their cultures are dying and they have to pick sides now.

You wanted the dirt on what the
Technocracy's doing these days, by
Convention? As usual, they stick
together, but not so much as they
used to. Their coordination and
control has dropped rather pre-
cipitously and morale's suffered
as a result. Furthermore, there
seems to be more low-level commu-
nication than upper-echelon
instruction - that is, they've
lost their head honchos just like
we have. Most importantly of all,
though, is the result of one of
their Latest emergency Symposiums.
It seems that the Technocracy has
decided that it has bigger prob-
lems than the Traditions, and it
has passed a series of resolutions
to that effect. (In point of fact,
their resolutions run to the beta
ter part of four thousand pages —
and are phenomenally dense, but
I'1l save you the effort.) In
short, hunting down mages isn't
the priority that it once was, and
instead the Technocrats are con-
solidating strength, working to
advance science in a stagnating
world and trying to figure out
just what the hell caused every-
thing to go to shit all at once.

60 THe BITTER R@AD
1 is, & Bey ' ry ‘
BEY Pe THNOM EY Pe P EY tatey

eee ae

fy
'

bradlt

tsk

AsI'madyed-in-the-wool non-Technocrat, I can't
speak too authoritatively on them. Still, one can only
assume that they're having their own growing pains.
After all, they've accomplished some of their great
goals, but what do they have to show for it? A rather
unhappy world. I'd imagine that the Conventions have
their own forms of dissention in the ranks, even if the
Technocracy doesn't tolerate such as highly.

Sel they ty, vd let's uy Soe eben le ley of reac
ame

Iteration X

The Iterators prided themselves
on precision and machine effi-
ciency. No wonder they've undergone
the most changes recently. Without
direction from their "Central Com-
puter," young Iterators are free to
study where their interests take
themyyWithout the heavily funded
Pogrom, Iteratorrecruits..don't
need training camps, military sup-
port or héavy.cybernetic
modification. It.was.an Iterator
who first submitted the plan that
pulled back on the Pogrom. Some
Tterators now eschew all personal
cybernetics entirely!

Don't get me wrong, though.
There are' stiklyfar}far too many
Tterators who will dutifully wreck
@ mage without "Sommuch!as a
flickenyof* conscience. Metallurgy,
weapons-engineering and robotics
are still their mainstays, and
they continue to pump out all man-
ner of killing machines. However,
individual Iterators are far more
likely to closet themselves in
pure science or engineering. Many
just want to re-establish communi-
cations, introduce new science to
the Masses or make better tools,

Prt i

CEE ET EE SALE Stig ery cen
1 ne] 4 1 dis), a a

a?

.

without getting dragged into per-
sonal combat. They'1l leave the
firefights to cybernetic grunts.
Truly inspired researchers are
just too valuable to expend in
front-line combat against an al-
ready-broken enemy. (Like we're
going to roll over and die.)

Oh, an aside. Apparently the
Iterators never studied "Dimen-
sional Science" - an unusual
oversight for the arguably most
gadget-oriented Convention of the
Technocracy, go figure. This is no
more than a strong suggestion at
this point, but given the troubles
with dimensional interstices
lately, Iterators aren't too hot
to go exploring in dangerous areas
where they have no previous expe-
rience.

New World Order

For a Convention that centers
itself on communication and infor-
mation, Little could be more
terrifying than suddenly finding
everything thrown into chaos with
all previous data_useless and all
coordination inoperative. The New
World Order'ssuffered heavily due
to the Reckoning. The\best remain-
ing agents are those who have
strong ties in place with mortal
society. High-level agents had an
unfortunate tendency to' lay all
their eggs into the baskets of
specialists, and with communica-
tion across the Horizon Cor
Dimensional Barrier, if you will)
all screwed up, they have nobody
to talk to. Boo hoo!

On the upside (for them), the
New World Order's agents are very
good about following mortal trends,
so adaptation for them has been
quick. The lessened Pogrom means
that they get to spend even more of
their time and resources covering
academic institutions and media,
which still only hurts the Tradi-

pica yt apace

tions. NWO agents update their
stranglehold on the perception of
truth continually. The best advice
is to lie low and avoid 'em if you
can; assume that they'11 know about
you, though. Black Hats and
Mirrorshades are still a sight
enough to scare any Traditionalist,
but they're not necessarily an
instant death sentence.

Word is there's a bit of a
shake-up going on among some of
the rank-and-file. Since the heavy
thinkers aren't around to enforce
policy, deviant ideas can take
root a little more easily. End
result? There are some agents who
don't cleave as closely to the
Convention as the Union would
like. Whether this trend will go
anywhereremains to be seen¢ But
then, I wouldn't.have mentioned it
if you didn't' know where I'd
placed my..bets, right?

Progenitors.

Probably the least impacted)of
the Conventions;.the.Progenitors.
have a "business as usual" atti-
tude in the.wake: of the Reckoning.
They keep pushing cloning and ge-
netics and they're making
incredible strides, as shown' by
the introduction of much of their
technology in recent years. After
their bizarre mad scientist phase
stemming from the Late 1800s and
influencing some of their cloned
leaders as late as the 1990s,
they've cleaned up a lot of their
act and homed in straight on medi-
cine. They've got their shit
together.

All of these reasons are good
ones not to fuck with Progenitors.
They are with it, they know what
they can do, they are advancing
their agenda successfully, and the
only thing they've lost in the
Reckoning is communication with
the unstable nut-ball clone lLead-

CHAPTER THREE TRADITIONAL TIES

a oe
T We
yest ASE Cac Ha cay! agi


ership that had them churning out
crazed monsters and pointless tox-
ins. The change in funding
emphasis means that their research
programs are even stronger than
before, and they still have all of
the incredible cloning and genetic
modification technology to make
them difficult to fight and kill.
Worst of all, overzealous Tradi-
tionalists who decide they're
gonna "whack 'em a few Progeni-
tors" are almost certainly putting
the nails in the coffins of doz-
ens, maybe hundreds of normal
people who rely on the medical
care networks that Progenitors
staff and use.

Hands off these guys for now.

Syndicate

I have some personal beefs with
the Syndicate; call it bias. (You'd
think that a Virtual Adept would
have it in for the information-
controlling New World Order,
wouldn't you? Go figure.) As far as
I'm concerned, these guys were
always dirty, and they still are. A
group that has nothing to do but
mess with other peoples' money
seems inherently screwed up, to me.

The Syndicate didn't rely too
heavily on extra-Dimensional lead-
ership. Some of their VPOs - their
Vice-Presidents of Operations —
still resided on Earth to keep
their fingers in the world economy
directly. This means that the Syn-
dicate has the most top dogs
remaining out of the various
groups, but conversely, they have
the Least hard-science knowledge.
Syndicate ops are still well
funded; their assets and allies
were 99% Earth-based, and they have
not suffered from the Avatar Storm
or any of the other craziness.

The word is that the Syndicate's
biggest problem is internal. Its
operatives are not really trusted

THE BITTER ROAD

‘

eye AES Seg YES ty

even by the other Conventions. One
of the Syndicate VPOs was respon-
sible for coming up with their
program to quash the Crafts, but her
follow-through got cut out when the
Pogrom was derailed, and she's not
happy. (A little war is good for the
short-term economy, they say.) The
Syndicate also explores other av-
enues of revenue and comes up with
some unusual research, to say the
least, given their usual Lack of
interest in hard science. Syndicate
ops today have their hands full
keeping the other Conventions happy.
From there, they also have to stay
on top of the constantly changing
world economy, like always. Most of
their reps are just doing the same
jobs as.ever, for now.

Void Engineers

Just.as much as I despise the
Syndicate. Iv like, these "guys.
They've got avsense of*style.and
class, and they're actually decent
sorts when you are both,stuck out
in the great beyond.(of the Web, of
space, of the Umbra) and there's no
room for infighting. Too bad they
got bitch-slapped so hard.

A lot of people kept grumbling
on about how the Void Engineers
still kept alive a sense of wonder
and that they sounded ripe for
defecting. Not happenin'. See, the
Void Engineers already had a bad
rap, because of their overactive
imaginations and the fact that they
did a lot of stuff that the other
Conventions didn't understand and
couldn't keep tabs on. Now, the
Pogrom's not as important, and the
Avatar Storm helps to keep the
barrier between dimensions even
safer while also making it diffi-
cult to travel. That means that the
Void Engineers have been shot in
the foot - they can't fulfill most
of their major mission parameters.
They've got ships and stations

sp lqhayll H


6

stranded in other dimensions,
troops with no funding and very few
places Left to explore on Earth.

So what do they do with their
time? Obviously, Void Engineers
beyond the Gauntlet are still trying
to get home. 's found a fool-
proof way to get back yet, but
that's not going to stop them from
trying, or from communicating. Who
knows? They may even be working with
our boys on the other side. Here on
Earth, the Void Engineers are work-
ing on colonization of near space,
but they keep running into problems
— losing that Mars probe just be-
cause the Avatar Storm happened to
show up and blow away their telem-
etry Devices can only be called bad
luck. Some are turning back to ex-
ploration of the seas, but undersea
habitation still isn't practical for

THE FUTURE ©F THE W/AR

"The Ascension War is over, all is lost, and reality is
the Unions' for the picking," so it has been proclaimed by
Technocrat and Council mage alike. I don't buy that,
and neither do most of my kind. The War has merely
changed gears from open warfare to the Cold War tactics
that our governments have been playing for years.

Funny how things change. You have the whims of
the Awakened dictating reality to the Sleepers one
minute; the next you have the folly of Sleepers as a mold
for Awakened actions. Regardless, one thing is for
certain: The time of the individual is here. At this
unimaginably important point in future history, each
Awakened soul has the option either to give up or to
fight on, carrying the banner of the dynamic into a

TIME P@LITICKING AW/AY

the Masses yet. For now, they're in
a frustrating holding pattern. Sci-
entists and engineers often wind up
cooperating with Iterators on new
projects of weaponry or material
construction, while soldiers are
decommissioned or reassigned to
floating units instead of standing
forces. About the only Void Engi-
neers on the rise are the
ghost-hunting types, the ones who
track down and trap or eliminate
supernatural phenomena. Since the
Traditions aren't as high a priority
now, these kinds have more time to
hunt down strange manifestations
that are threatening to humanity.
ALL in all, the Void Engineers are
some fun guys taking some hard
knocks. If you meet one, see if you
can't give 'em something to do and
convince them that our way is better.

possibly glorious future, one where the destruction of
the Technocracy will make good tales around the
equivalent of the campfire. With every letter I write, I
tisk the chance of another bullet in my body... what do
you think I chose to do?

AM sil. te Aci Weis heinly meb a
set dap sme} ws hm edi Ue Hil. en, les jul
wd oo wl alc, weve pial i is vk
Wool 5 odd 3 aly da mga il
Telecel Ri Ul
ine ig

Like I've said before, the Ascension game is
officially over. You want to know why?
Well, it goes akin to a chess game; all the
Council's best pieces have been taken. All
that remains are afew pompous bishops and
ahandful of pawns. Maybe a queen (with all
the raw power we still retain). Despite the
odds against us, and the official loss of our
collective kings, there isa rule in chess that,

a

ee
Osar'

i,

Wee ere
a]
4)

SS WalYEk eed
cNTiok o

i eer) Sas rd
Te eT TS MT
dial. a 2: en yet 3

should a pawn get to the other side of the board before
being captured, he can up his power, at least to queen
status. What I'm about to give you here are some good,
albeit dangerous, methods of moving, pawn-like, from
one side of the board to the other. Remember, Grasshop-
per, it is your choice to move at all. I accept no
responsibility for your eyes becoming bloodstains on the
bottom of anyone's steel-toes. Got that?

CHAPTER THREE TRADITIONAL Ties

P@W/ER-PLAYING
FORA NEW GENERATION

For the time being, consider yourself a pawn. Now
that we've got that out of the way, let's move on. Asa
pawn, you have certain expectations placed on you,
certain limits you're expected to live in, and certain
moves you're not allowed to make. Let's cover what you
allegedly can't do first.

THE STRAIGHT AND NARROW

First things first. The most important thing to keep
in mind, oh Disciple of the Art, is that you are expected
to respect your elders. This may sound obvious to some
and absurd to others, but it is an important tenet,
nonetheless. The reasons are manifold, and chiefamong
them is the fact that your elders can frag you without a
second thought. All too often, a lesser mage challenges
an Adept in anger, only to be left a fried shadow of his
former self. Avoid this fate at all costs. The ego-boost is
hardly worth the effort and agony. As a matter of fact,
you'll find your travels made easier, should you possess
the right amount of tact when dealing with those in
higher positions than yourself. Be careful not to brown-
nose, however; any subject worth impressing will catch
on, and likely hate you for it. About the only Tradition
with members that enjoy such groveling are the
Hermetics, although even they disdain the thought of
such a fool in a position of real power.

The second item on our list of important limita-
tions to consider is that of association. While I'll deal
with this subject in-depth more later, who you know is
vastly more crucial to surviving in mage society than
what you know, like it or not. Many times when seeking
training, guidance, help, or whatever, the contacts
you've made in your past will undoubtedly be brought
up, for good or ill. This is why, as a Disciple of the Art,
you must take caution in the ties you make. Never trust
anyone (without damned good reason), and know that
to be stuck on face value is the bane of success in our
world. A good rule of thumb in understanding your
contacts is to be aware of motivations. In the game we
play, why you do something is the real gem; what you do
is merely the side-effect of yourwhy. As my mentor said,
"Judge not by one's actions, but by their motivations.
Only then will the real man show his face."

Perhaps of equal importance as the previous re-
minder, know that your motivations are certainly being
put under the scrutiny of "those-who-matter." When
seeking to impress the proverbial elders, attempt to be
good in spite of yourself. Make it at least appear that
your actions are for the good of the Tradition or human-

ae THE BITTER rae

ity or whatever. If you can't even pull this off, expect to
be treated like the self-glorifying megalomaniac you
are. The time of the smug hero has passed; the unsung
have risen to primary importance these days. Oh yeah,
don't expect undue praise. Appreciative people are few

ool poliygaiad
bo ine
una dei
Fest mil aig.
Sti polis ene pres fllous simifon ves, You dout
ind! uw pers i shan "glen

ope estan "pans
mastery oh oe Pwdel pn "ali

Sen
bin be le an lige

ite gas. cdo pe lox vel oh

tse id oh pli be ei i
te ob le oe he ty wd and abl pce ed i
i, Nala ele you sal db yu de levee wes
to ot oo Jy tia bab eid ui
pu by fo disae le sn, Were x lees Kcowe e

ct of Hem, efter all,
‘a ine semen lat ese ore your peers. You Joat tile
ili by aa lnc
pres a
sell ca el aed tnuleed o} politics — ed
pe ol ix bine

"How is if pu ash, Sah
owe oh tle vexy xed posilililcs is
ee ee

sb hte el dor"

healt
Betles sale lan sony.
fg is ew ne eels os oof
ee " eid alle
iste 8 woeal lim, Youre

Sop pened came dun fo @

[os wel ree
Spe = lable, ruse fo offer and
pore Lele Sak eles ib pve gol
season, Sn "to Legler
Sd bal' fbn yoo can jut aluly exd
ie i

ad vehavcenod end eve le tun

ae annie i ili
Sig ii "


Me

are far-between in this world. So, while glory is achiev-
able, don't seek it, or else you'll never find it.

Laston the list, the pivotal point ofall the above, isthe
obvious limit of skill. You, asamage, must be acutely aware
of what your knowledge allows you to do, as well as that
which it prevents you from doing. This warning may seem
like a no-brainer, but I've seen many an egotistical Dis-
ciple charge foolishly into shit he can't handle, and, trust
me, the results are enough to make a Nephandus cringe. I
lookatitas natural selection, butwhoamtosay? Anyway,
pawn, consider this your warning.

This last reminder serves as a guide when getting
training. Knowing these things honestly about yourself
will allow you to seek appropriate training, as well as

preventing you from entering any bargains youcan'tfulfill.
Sometimes, as has happened to me, a would-be mentor
will offer to train you in return for the fulfillment of some
absurd quest you couldn't possibly succeed in. Often times,
the real challenge is to see whether or not you can accept
your limits and decline. Otherwise, it could be the de-
mands of a crack-pot. Please re-read suggestion two....

That about covers the more important limitations
in which people in your position will find themselves.
Keep in mind that I stress the important ones, items of
almost universal understanding, agreed on by the tried-
and-true. Now we'll move on to the more enjoyable
aspects of gaining recognition. Fasten your seat-belts;
we're only about to take off.

FACTIONS

Once you're recognized in your Tradition
J} and you actually have a little political
4 experience, you'll find yourself playing to
the interests of a group. Representative
democracy comes pretty naturally to
Westernized mages, and the whole Tra-
dition structure encourages mages to group
M together and appoint a speaker. (That's
how the Council worked, after all.) So, if
you're parlaying the interests of a specific group of
mages within a Tradition, especially due to some
ideological quirk (and especially if some of them are
your Apprentices), then congratulations! You're well
on your way to forming a faction.

Most of the Traditions already have a fair number
of factions. You were probably trained by a mentor who
shared the beliefs of a specific faction. However, this
assumption is by no means universal. In brief, for those
who missed it, a faction espouses one specific take on a
Tradition's teachings. A faction might consist of a
bunch of Akashic Brothers who all happen to be strict
Taoists, for instance, or maybe a club of young Repub-
lican Hermetics (brrr).

So what's the point? Well, factions (or Method-
ologies) are like little sub-Traditions (or
sub-Conventions). Each faction gives its members a
couple of contacts who have very, very similar views
of magic and the world in general. This is a great way
to make allies and to get specialized training. After
all, if you learn your magic from someone who does
stuff just like you do, you're sure to pick it up easier.
Plus, factions often develop special resources, sto-
ties, rotes or Wonders for their own use.

JOINING A FACTION

Most mages join a faction during their formative
magical training. Mentors don't just hand down magi-
cal structure and Tradition heritage. They pass on their
own beliefs about the cosmos and their intra-Tradition
political views. A conservative mage is likely to put that
sort of spin on his reasoning when explaining Tradition
policy, and likewise a more open and liberal mage may
attribute such motives in history lessons. Since an
Apprentice may not know any better than to believe
what he's told — it's not like the history books in high
school explained the history of the Verbena — most
Apprentices wind up following their mentors into a
given faction. Otherwise, they decide based on their
own religious, social and political ideologies.

If you aren't part of a faction, it's not that difficult
to sign up. Factions aren't even as regimented as your
local country club. You don't have a membership card,
after all. (Well, there's one Hermetic cabal that does,
but that's another story.) Joining a faction is more like
getting involved in a conspiratorial cell. Think of it as
a conspiracy within a conspiracy. Your Tradition is a
hidden subculture of mages, while your faction is a
tinier group within that subculture. All you need to do
is hook up with some nominal member of the faction,
profess your understanding of its tenets and pass what-
ever tests the group may devise.

Of course, it's not necessarily easy to find a faction
or faction member. Perhaps you've heard of the Order
of the Golden Chalice but you've never met a faction
member and you wouldn't know where to start. Since
the Council's been largely demolished, it's difficult to
get introductions through mentors, Masters and similar

CHAPTER THREE TRADITIONAL TIES 65

cross-factional contacts. Instead, you have to do your
own legwork. For just this sort of thing, several factions
use their own signature rotes to help identify members.
Euthanatos factions may use Entropy magic to mark
their members with destiny, while a fiery Hermetic

As noted in Mage: The Ascension, a mage can
choose his faction's preferred Sphere as his specialty
Sphere in place of the Tradition's usual one. This
option should only be available to a mage who does
his Apprenticeship in that faction. You can't decide
tochange factions in mid-game just to geta cost break
on a different Sphere! Rather, this mechanic gives
you the opportunity to learn a Sphere that would
break from your Tradition's normal progression.

In addition to the hard-and-fast Sphere benefit,
a faction immediately identifies the character as a
follower of a specific philosophy and means that the
character gets all the associated friends and enemies.
Your character's mentor, if any, is probably from the
same faction; allies and associates in mage society
probably also know of the character's factional affili-
ation. Depending on whether the others have their
own factional beliefs, this recognition may influ-
ence their reactions toward the character.

Many factions also use specialized tools and
magic in their procedures. Just as the Order of
Hermes has its own secret rites and rituals, so too do
each of its Houses have their own private secrets.
It's up to the Storyteller to determine the exact
nature of these benefits (or problems). They could
be as simple as having one characteristic rote that
everyone knows, or as broad as having hereditary
Wonders, internal ranks, formal protocols, set

eeting times, specialty rote training, marks, sigils,
and signs and anything else that a secret club of
magical conspirators might use.

The factions in play, of course, vary with the
Storyteller's whims. for the game. The Mage
rulebook offers various factions for the Traditions,
but these are by no means the limit of the factions,
and Storytellers can omit or change them, too. It's
up to the Storyteller to decide on the faction's
benefits and hindrances as suitable for its type: the
Order of Hermes' House Flambeau almost cer-
tainly has several specialized fire rotes, but the
Celestial Chorus' Monists are more theological
than magically specialized.

In case you didn't notice, though, you don't
have to be a member of a faction.

66 THe BITTER ROAD
- y ery, ky
' _ * .

als

Fi
'

faction could wear common brands. Ask around —
chances are that your friends in your Tradition can tell
you a little, and you can use sensory magic to look for
the telltale signs noted previously.

FORITING A FACTION

For those who don't hold with any of the other
factions, there's always the option of starting your own.
Though doing so is a rough road, it's much more
accessible now than it once was. The Hermetic Houses
had to come from somewhere, after all.

Pulling together a faction is a matter of gathering
support from like-minded individuals. You've got to be
playing the political game, of course. You have to know
people, grease palms, make a few convincing speeches
and find some folks who'll work with you and won't drag
your good name in the mud. Factions aren't necessarily

Players who love political spice can really
sink their teeth into a story about the formation
ofa faction. Whether a player's character founds
the faction or simply supports someone else's
effort, this story is a great way to put a personal
spin on Mage.

Think about it. Not only do you get to dive into
Tradition politics, you get the fun of training
Apprentices and making your own indelible belief
system. For players who enjoy the highbrow aspe:
of debating Mage philosophy, there's almost no
better setting!

A faction-formation story runs a little differ-
ently than the average confrontational "bang-up"
Mage game, primarily because the adversaries are
likely to be purely internal. A character must
hammer out the details of his beliefs as he spreads
them and teaches them. Then, he'll run into pres-
sure from his peers to conform or antagonistic
mages who don't like his ideas. The player mus‘
make room for his faction in the Tradition's hall:
and establish its own identity. This effort can easily
make or break a mage's reputation without him:
everrunning afoul of one Technocrat or Nephandus.

The best part of faction-formation lies in ongo-
ing settings. Youcan have the fun of setting up your
own mark on a Tradition and teaching Appren-
tices in your form, and then you can take on those
Apprentice's roles. Or, perhaps, in a long-running
chronicle, you'll see other mages flocking to the
banner that you established several stories ago.


geographically bounded; especially for groups like the
Virtual Adepts. They can just be several people who
communicate by whatever means — computer, Corre-
spondence magic, messengers — and share similar
beliefs and goals within their Tradition. It helps to have
some local friends, but it's not strictly necessary.
What is necessary is that your faction propagates its
philosophy. In other words, you have to teach Appren-
tice mages according to what you believe. If you're not

tutoring others in your beliefs, you haven't worked
them out to satisfaction or you just aren't interested in
the politics of factions, what's the point? You have to
put your distinctive stamp into your Tradition's culture
if you want to get recognized as a real faction. A new
faction won't get taken seriously if it's not bringing in
new blood. You can accelerate this process by building
your faction's own signature materials: Wonders, rotes
and sigils of recognition.

CHANTRIES AND H@USES

Another aside on Tradition organization,
since we don't live in a vacuum. The coun-
terparts to factionsare, of course, Chantries.
While a faction is a philosophical subdivi-
4 sion of a Tradition, a Chantry is a physical
gathering place for Tradition mages. While
factions discuss matters within a given Tra-
dition, a Chantry house offers security for
many different mages of various Traditions.

Chantries can take any number of forms. They're
not just looming Gothic manor houses, although some

PLOY eae eeTe LOY Dame TS Le Pat
‘ uy , EN

it
lth 1 ‘yet

mages seem to favor that type... A Chantry is designed
with several ideas in mind. Some are actual living
quarters for mages, others are simple meeting places,
and a few are military bases, although those last are
more and more rare these days.

Since the vast majority of cabals can't afford to hop
intoand out of the Umbra for every meeting or fast-food
trip, most Chantries have a physical location and have
Umbral space that's only used in emergencies. Granted,
a Disciple doesn't usually have to worry about too much
injury when crossing, and if the other side is secure, it

RF

A a

Sy, 2

CHAPTER THREE: TRADITIONAL TIES 7

wy é
VT yy Mb


can be dealt with there. But who wants to take the risk
when it's unnecessary?

Chantries' forms reflect the preferences of their
founders, of course. Depending on the Chantry, this form
could be a simple cottage or an elaborate reconditioned
warehouse. Usually, a Chantry is founded by multiple
mages in concert. A lone mage usually doesn't have the
resources to fund one completely, and tying a Chantry to
asingle individual can be disastrous if that individual gets
lost, is shortsighted or winds up betraying the group.
Sowhy bother with the hassle of setting up aChantry?
Well, do you really want to store your valuable library in
your apartment where it can be noticed or stolen by the
neighbors? For that matter, do you want to practice
hurling fire in the middle of your own house? Thought
not. A Chantry is a research and resource house shared
by multiple mages ina locale that's protected and safe for
experimentation, even if it's not a sanctum.

To set up a Chantry, of course, you've got to have
three things: support, planning and resources.

By "support" I mean political clout. If you build it and
nobody comes, the Chantry is nothing but a liability.
Worse, if you set up an unauthorized Chantry and it falls
to outside forces, you'll find yourself answering some
unpleasant questions about any lost material and mages.
Once you've got the go-ahead, it's time for the planning
stage. Figure out exactly what your Chantry's going to do
and how it's going to work. Are you going to build a
defensible research facility with heavy walls, multiple labs
anda secret escape route, all without attracting attention?
Didn't think so, again. You can't have everything, but
you'll need to figure out what sort of place you want, how
you're going to categorize it and who's going to be there.
Lastly, you need resources. A well-planned Chantry is
only as good as the funding you can put behind it. Don't
forget magical and social clout, too. Your pocketbook will
determine how much you can afford. You'll need to lean
on your knowledge of law and influence to check out
zoning and licensing, and a Chantry is pretty much useless
without magical material for study support.

The best part of being in a cabal that founded a
Chantry is that you get to lay out the terms of what it's
got, and you get first dibs. Typically, a cabal takes up the
responsibility of supporting a Chantry (although you
can always take over and renovate a lost one if youdon't
feel like establishing a new one). Your cabal can even
name the place after itself and set the rules and terms.
You also get to decide who gets to visit, what sorts of
favors are charged for use and so on. Doing so is
especially important if your Chantry is established on
the site of a Node. With the recognition of the Tradi-

THE BITTER R@AD

1G } § 62 han
PeTh MED tab.
an ard ee

erie |

tions as a group — through that politicking with your
peers that we discussed earlier — you can get backing in
case someone violates your Chantry or hospitality.

ITI@DERN DESIGN

While Chantries used to be built at sites with access to
Nodes, at important gateways into the Umbra and in
defensible positions, this just isn't the case any more. There
never were enough Nodes to go around, and the Gauntlet
makes Umbral extensions rather impractical (though not
impossible). Since the Technocracy's turned its focus
inward todeal with its own problems, Chantriesdon'tseem
to get a heavy search-and-destroy pattern much these days
— but those that do get caught go down quickly.

A Chantry is now more important as a place of
learning, a locale for practice, a home-away-from-home
and a social center. Chantries always served these
functions before, but now, instead of setting up heavily
defended fortresses and duking it out with Technocrats,
we can afford to pick up some lighter, better-concealed
locales and turn them to our advantage.

Ultimately, a Chantry is a place where groups of
various mages and their allies will meet to talk, plan,
practice and socialize. Chantries these days are built less
around military forms, instead emphasizing the comfort-
able and utilitarian nature of old homes, libraries and
even restaurants. This isn't to say that Chantries don't
have traps and weapons; cabals don't remain defenseless.
It's just that steel-reinforced concrete walls and machine
guns are not the priorities that they once were.

CHANTRY ComnmUNICATION:
HERALDS

Given that Chantries are inviolable territory con-
trolled by specific cabals (sometimes of a specific
Tradition), matters of territoriality can sometimes get
a little hot under the collar. If you and your six lean-
and-hungry friends come meandering into my Chantry
with a "Hello, Sailor" and start flipping through the
library, there'll be a scene. And the Traditions don't
need any more infighting than they've got.

Formal diplomats from established Chantries are
called heralds. A herald has the equivalent of Tradition
diplomatic status. The herald can enter Chantries
freely, speak his mind, deal equitably with superiors and
even expect limited access to the more secretive for-
tresses that some factions maintain. The kicker is that
the herald can't use this position for personal purposes.
Rather, the herald represents the interests of his own
Chantry. Thus, when a herald shows up knocking at
your door, he isn't just there to snag a few choice bits


ey
is

‘Hee VEL SP

+

PLAYING A HERALDIC CHRONICLE

Usually, heralds work alone. A herald is considered
a member of a Chantry, but she travels and arranges
ontact and communication. If you think of a Chantry
as a conspiratorial cell, the heralds are the cross-cell

Hevels. Since their work tends to make them loners, they

n be difficult to use as centers of chronicles.
Except... in this age of uncertainty, Chantries
eed as many allies as they can get. Most Chantries

fare sending out multiple heralds to different loca-

ions. In such a game, the players' mages would not
ome from one single Chantry. Rather, they would be
a group of heralds who hail from multiple different

hantries, but are traveling from Chantry to Chantry

fo carry out diplomacy, bring messages and perform

other herald duties. Each mage represents the inter-
ests of a different Chantry, but they all go to the same
places at once and move ina group for safety. Youcan
Beta good look at the characters' background, too, by

aving them visit their home Chantries in the course

of the game. Each herald, in turn, would get a chance
to interact with his home turf while the others politié
there on behalf of their patrons, and the cycle would
continue as the group moved on to others.

Heralds naturally lend themselves to all sorts off
adventure possibilities, too. Besides just intrigue while
they're at Chantries, their travel means that the
have the opportunity to get lost in strange places
wherever the Storyteller likes. They may be dis:
patched to deal diplomatically with other non-mageé
threats like vampires or unknown creatures. Herald
are often used as couriers and messengers, and therg
are always people who want to steal the packages 6
stop the letters. Since heralds spend lots of time of
the road away from regular Nodes and resources, the
have to rely more on their wits to deal with problems,
This structure is great for an episodic story; you ¢:
always get into a more settled format for a few chap:
ters once the heralds arrive at a given site.

rabid FEA

CHAPTER THREE TRADITIONAL TIES

Pa

Z
s Aytceneat
Sy a

69


from your library. Similarly, when you appoint a herald
for your own Chantry, you'd better pick someone you
trust, because he's going to be speaking and acting on
behalf of everyone in your house — and you'll all be
judged by his actions.

By age-old tradition, a herald is afforded shelter and
succor within the walls of any Tradition Chantry. That
means food, a place to crash and assistance in case of
injury —a pretty cushy deal. What's the downside? It's
alot of work. Heralds carry messages, trade information
and rotes, establish meeting points, hammer out trea-
ties and diplomacy, and have to worry about young
hotheads getting fed up and slapping them around
despite their supposed immunity. It's a busy job, but it's
fun if you like spending time on the road.

HERALDIC PR®T@COL

There's just one major snag with their system of
heralds: There's no formal protocol for heraldic recog-
nition. Originally, heralds would wear an identifying

piece of clothing; the Order of Hermes' redcaps were
famous messengers, for instance. The problem is that
any heraldic protocol can be duplicated or forged, and
this has led to innumerable problems, up to and includ-
ing quislings opening the gates for Chantries so that
they can be destroyed, as happened to Concordia.

At one point only a few years previously, the
Euthanatos supposedly built a special staff as part of
the proposed ambassador program. Imbued with pow-
erful Entropy magic, the staff would lay the mark of
Fate ona herald who undertook a herald's oath while
holding the staff. Unfortunately, the staff was lost,
and there simply aren't enough Masters around to lay
a similar mark of Fate without it. A handful of
"bonded heralds" still exist, and they can be detected
as such by those who know what to look for, but until
someone comes up with another clever system of
marking heralds, the Traditions' ambassadors will
just have to make do on diplomacy.

Lessons; A Dime A D@ZEN

In this new Cold War of sorts, the number
=| of those who think they're qualified to teach
has significantly risen. Unfortunately, the
number of actual mentor-material mages
has plummeted to near record lows. This is
why the understanding of peoples' motives
Cy is very important to the Disciple mage. You
=j see, the major aim of the Council now is to

get the word out to as many potentials as
possible, and the race to get the better Apprentice has
made much of the "word-getting-out" business more a
circus of idiocy than anything useful to those who walk
the path. The quality of the lessons offered is sad, if not
utterly horrible, if you ask me.

That being said, we must face it: A mage needs to
get training somewhere. Seeking out the suitable trainer,
then, becomes a grave concern of many Disciples, and
rightfully so. How to go about such an activity, though,
is little understood, and the resultant effect on Awak-
ened society is a bunch of half-wits spouting lies and
things they don't understand. Of course, doing so un-
dermines the efforts of everyone else. Worry not,
however, about the rest of the world. Where can you get
the training you need? Let me give you some clues.

Those With Potential

Often times, from the road of mere Apprenticeship to
that of Disciple, mages are immediately recognized by their
higher-ups as having great potential or a grand destiny

70 THE BITTER R@AD

Wises
ee oho

i

4 tf

ahead. In spite of themselves, these lesser mages draw the
attention of many would-be teachers, and they can find
themselves the crux of some interesting rivalries. Herein
lies the usefulness and danger of this type of mentor-search
method. The mentor chooses you, rather than the other
way around, and if the teacher is inappropriate, it may
already be too late. However, mentors that can recognize
your potential are often times wiser and more powerful
than most, and thus the quality of the lessons may be better.

Of course, any mentor who comes to you may be
rejected, upon your whim, but choose wisely who you
keep and who you discard. Throw a respected Master
out on his ear, so to speak, and your charisma in
sorcerous society might just go along with him. By the
same token, prepare to be mocked for the rest of your
days, if you accept the tutelage of the wrong mentor.
Hey, who said this was going to be easy?

Of your possible training situations, this one could be
the least easy to generalize. Often, you find that you are
afforded more room to be "human," or, better put, to dote
around. Remember, the mentor came to you; you don't
owe him any special favors. However, if this guy takes your
"higher destiny" too seriously, prepare for a real hard-ass
zealot with intentions to put you "where you want to be."

Schooling by Circumstance

By far, the most common method Tradition mages
use in acquiring knowledge and skill, schooling by
circumstance is basically the training a mage receives

Fi
f

+

glt

a

t


simply by belonging toa Tradition. Many times, though
by no means exclusively, you will be tutored by the
mage responsible for your initiation, giving you a kind
of posh set-up from the start. He orshe liked youenough
to ask you to join the Traditions, so it's fairly certain
that a good degree of respect exists between the two of
you. This need not be the only case, naturally.

There are various tales that describe a young Awak-
ened-type resenting the new world he's found himself in,
and he ends up taking this animosity out on the world
around him, particularly those responsible for his Awaken-
ing/initiation. Classic, yes, but disruptive and highly hated
by mentors of every caliber. What a pity it is to crush such
aself-motivated up-start before his time to shine comes...

The price of this Apprenticeship is simple but
subtle. Basically, it involves building and maintaining
a good standing with the particular Tradition to which
you belong. Simple, yeah. The trick is to understand
what is required in a Tradition to maintain "good
standing," which varies from Tradition to Tradition, as
is to be expected. It typically involves being a respect-
ful, respectable and useful member of the society. What
auseful member is, exactly, I'll cover in a later section.

For Those of Higher Caliber

Let's take an instance that's becoming far too
common in the Awakened world today. There you are,
a prime example of what it is to be a Disciple-ranked
mage. You've paid your dues to your Tradition; you've
kissed all the right ass, even massaged some; you are
exceptional in your chosen field of study, but you know
there is more to it than what you understand already.
You're a fine student to any mentor's delight, but there
is a problem: The House, Chantry, cabal or whatever
group you belong to is fresh out of Masters qualified to
train you. Oh, what to do, what to do? I smell the need
for one of those infamous quests mages are known to
undertake. (Hurrah...?)

There are good mentors left in the Earth-plane; you
just need to know where to look for them. The "where"
in looking for them is usually dependent on the Tradi-
tion of the mage you seek. For one thing, the Masters of
the Brotherhood live almost exclusively in the Orient,
attending to the business of culture and the like. The
only Akashic Masters in the West are middle-aged
balding white guys who are fond of sphincter exercises
(don't ask) and organic health foods. Celestial Masters
are a lofty lot, found anywhere from the local church to
the highest planes of the Umbras. Although humble to
an utmost extreme, thereby hard to identify as Masters,
Choristers are recognized by their characteristic of ema-
nating bliss about them. (You'll know it when you feel

Weokyee
ry EAI i

» 4 i ' 1
yen ) "wed

"Sh igi yp perk

vet Eine a 7
MWe MPL Weg MPL My hig PEN fy
f fe we Myles

ah -o
= og)

it.) Cultist Masters have all but abandoned Earth, and its
legacy of restriction, although there are some who've
stayed to "tend the flock." Like the Cult, the Master
Dreamspeakers, too, have all but forgotten the flesh in
lieu of the spirit. It is unknown ifany Euthanatos Masters
still survive, many having been purged in the recent
house-cleanings. Still, there seems to be no shortage of
Disciples, so someone must be keeping them together.
The Hermetic Masters not roaming the halls of Horizon
or Doissetep will be found in Europe, almost exclusively.
What they're planning, noone knows. The Sons of Ether
—cananyone keep track of these guys? College campuses
might be the right place to look... first. Verbena higher-
ups like the hermit approach, sticking close to their
beloved Earth, but far from the thoughts of man. Deep-
hidden groves and grottoes within dense forests serve as
good spots, as well as signs of mysterious Correspondence
and Spirit Effect portals. The Virtual Adepts, with flesh
chained to desks, souls to digital castles, are often too
busy to be bothered, but a quick "big ego scan" in the DW
will get good results. Finally, the Hollowers and other
Orphans are typically forced to find a Master from one of
the Traditions — seeing as there are few Hollow Masters
to speak of — or they may opt for the following sugges-
tion for training. But all things in their time.

Besides the Traditions, there are other Masters out
there — beings spiritual and otherwise that could serve
properly as mentors in the right situation. Spirits are the
most common mentors for mages in need. Although
they lack the flexibility of human tutors, they tend to
exemplify knowledge in specific areas. A mage who's
hard up for knowledge can go to a spirit for instruction.
Even with the nastiness of the Gauntlet, spirits still
tend to answera proper call. There are also some strange
creatures and artifacts out there that can impart magi-
cal knowledge. Sufficiently powerful libraries can help
as well, but they are equally hard to come by. In short,
a human tutor is still the best bet. Failing that, experi-
ence is your teacher, because the other options are rare.

Let's get into prices, now. As if it wasn't enough in
the quest to find them, the reclusive Masters are prone
toask for hefty sums in exchange for training, and rarely
does this cost refer to money. The exact nature of the
cost to students is entirely dependent on the whim of
the Master. Quests of valor, the retaining of services
and the ownership of souls and shells are all possible
costs to the eager Disciple (as are some things too
bizarre to even mention). Just be warned. To drag these
elders out of their own solitary form of training is
perhaps more of a bother than anything they might ask
of you. Know, too, that Masters are fond of pointing out
that you got yourself into the mess, eagerly and will-

CHAPTER THREE: TRADITIONAL TIES 71

ay Gaba! {
a: 5 t

ie file
OVEN Sy Mb ATE
} i: ee "ar, fy"

Tk a he

HW beater
ere =

4
oh Fes

ingly, no doubt. Believe it or not, they have a sense of
humor seemingly short of their years. Learn to enjoy it.
Asaprecaution, treat Masters in this situation with
utmost respect. They see you as a straw dog, and they
have many packs of matches just itching to burn.

As the title of this sidebar implies, the search
for a mentor is now up there in the quest story line.
Your Storyteller may make it easy on you and give
you a mentor gratis, but don't count on it. Here's
what you can count on ina story centering around
the hunt for a mentor:

* A little cabal conflict is inevitable. One of the
mages wants to become a Master of Forces; another
wants to learn Mind. Odds are, they won't find a
Master of both, and they won't find separate Masters
in the same place. Whose quest is more important?

¢ The Master can always ask a price that's just
a little too high. Then, the Storyteller sticks the
player over the barrel. "Your family is lost in servi-
tude tothe Nephandi unless you master this magic. ..
but your teacher will demand your servitude once
you're done." These dilemmas can be annoying, so
they're better if they're moral dilemmas. Perhaps
the character's family is in trouble unless he takes
a Nephandic mentor...

Tradition Masters who've survived the Reck-
oning often don't want to be found. After all, the
Technocracy wiped out Doissetep. The surviving
Masters are going to do their damnedest to make
sure that no other mages stumble across them!
Although the characters may have heard about a
given Master, there's no guarantee that they can

dhim unless they somehow earn his trust or draw
im out, without even knowing who he is.
What if the characters just aren't up to the
faster's standards? They could find a Master, only to
discover that he already has a student. Or that he
won't teach them because of their Tradition, faction,
or personal beliefs. Or perhaps their arrogant pre-
sumption in assuming that they somehow deserve
such tutelage proves that they don't. In all such cases,
the players have to use their roleplaying skills in order
for their characters to convince the Master otherwise.
© What if the Master isn't up to the characters'
standards? He could be a total jerk. Or self-absorbed.
Or he might not have as much magical power as he
claims. Or perhaps he's hunted by the Traditions, and
his tutelage will taint the characters' reputations.

wire : ae a Py
ee ini ha 4
‘ |

1
1
t

The Long, Hard Road Alone

As the path of many mystics by choice and the road
walked by most Orphans out of necessity, the solitary
route is the most difficult. By its very nature, the road
alone is a very personal thing, one I can't and won't try
to describe for you. Its benefits and drawbacks, how-
ever, are rather easy to quantify.

First we'll take a look at the dark side of this lonely
road. Obvious to most with formal training is the fact
that you won't see what you're doing as wrong until it is
too late, supposing, of course, that what you were doing
was wrong in the first place. This drawback illustrates
one of the boons that having a teacher provides. A
teacher has already been down the road, and he knows
where not to turn and what sights are worth seeing. The
lonerdoesn'thave this foreknowledge, and, consequently,
he is prone to falling in the ditch or otherwise ending up
stuck in the equivalent of a tourist trap.

Another con is the starting from scratch bit. For-
mally trained students have a wealth of knowledge
accessible to them, in the form of a tidy-tutor-brain and
the undoubtedly vast libraries a Master keeps. Aside
from the possible library, a solitary has these not, and
will suffer from the fact, should he not be creative. Ina
very real sense, the solitary is responsible for creating
his own one-man Tradition, complete with paradigm
and style. This facet of Awakened experience borders
on beneficial, but the mage is forced to work against his
own disbelief and lack of self-confidence, a charge few
can withstand for long. It is this fact here that sends
many a foolish brave-heart running back to the protec-
tive wing of a Master, whose methods are known to
work and are backed by the boon of experience. Re-
minds me of a saying my mentor told me often:
"Experience can be your best friend or your worst
enemy. Depends on how you view your memory." Trust
me, it's deeper than it sounds.

Next, I'd guess the logical step would be to examine
the solitary's road in the positive light, and that's just
what I'll do. The immediate benefit that jumps into the
minds of almost all who consider the solitary path is the
lack of an overbearing mentor. In fact, the lure of never
again having to deal with a pompous pontiff turns many
to this road. Let's be honest. Most of the mentors
available to the Disciple aren't worth the trouble they
pose, and even fewer are worthy of the respect they
demand. That aside, take a look at the real endearing
aspects of the solitary path. Willpower. A mage in this
world needs will to survive, and there is no shortage of
confidence for those who can walk the lone road
successfully. Its converse is as devastating as the good is
good, though, so this aspect is a toss up.

Paradigm, the building block of any reality, is
another interesting benefit of this choice. You, for all
intents and purposes, have free reign over the cause and
effect of your world, should you disdain the teachings
available. The hard part here, the only real difficulty of
the solitary path, is convincing yourself that you have
this power. Experiment and experience is the only
route one has to learn with, which often turns many
away from the hermit life. You actually have to try new
things, which scares the hell out of half of you.

Forthe creative, the lone road is paradise. Youhaveno
mentor saying, "You can't do that!" with no good reason

Characters who want to go it alone have a tough

e ahead. Generally, learning the Spheres is a
ifficult undertaking normally. Discovering them
ough self-tutoring, practice and reading is even
arder. But that's where the Library Background
comes invaluable.

In earlier editions of Mage, the Library Back-
round was useful for reducing the experience costs
ssociated with Sphere advancement. You can still
o that, if you like, but it doesn't really showcase the
lifference between learning a Sphere witha tutor and
arning it with a book. In some cases under such a
ystem, usinga library is preferable to havingateacher!

Storytellers should remember that developing
e Spheres takes a longtime. As a rule of thumb, you
an use the times below,.or you'can establish your
baselines:

. 1 month (30 days)

ee 6 months (90 days)
1 year
5 years

eeece 10 years

These times may seem rather lengthy, and they
e. One doesn't master magic overnight. However,
ey don't refer to exclusive study; it's not like the
nage has to sit sequestered in a Sanctum fora full year
ing nothing but studying. Rather, it refers to time
hat the mage must engage in moderate study, practice
general familiarity with the Sphere in question.
To simulate the effects of the Library Back-
ground, you can let the player roll his Library rating

Wey ATS Wed YT fay ivr or

Rae'

IT'S ALL @N PAGE XX

other than the maintenance of tradition. For the dull,
however, it's hell. You have no mentor telling you, "If you
do X, Y will happen." Either way, it's your call whether or
not this is a good thing. However, keep in mind that,
should you actually erect and maintain a working para-
digm, the smile on your face will rival the beaming sun.
And you won't have to take shit from anybody.

The price of this path is one of sacrifice. You end up
needing to abandon much of your old ways, pursue
many dead leads and spend time in failure and self-pity.
The rewards, as I have said, are out of this Tellurian,
though. Again, the choice is yours.

against a difficulty of [the desired Sphere rating +
Successes divide into the time needed to learn
Sphere. One success means that it takes the bast
time; two successes, halve the base time; three sug
cesses cut it to one-third, and soon. A failure indicate:
that the library doesn't have the materials and infor
mation necessary for the character to improve tha
Sphere using that library, while a botch indicates tha
the character somehow damaged the library or ruine'
his research in a spectacular fashion.

Conversely, a mentor is much more effective i
teaching Sphere knowledge in a shorter period o
time, but the mentor is not guaranteed to know t
right Sphere, to always be willing or able tohelp or t
do the job for free. Use the Mentor Backgroung
against the same difficulty, with each success halvit
the learning time. (One success equals half base time,
two equals one-quarter time, and so on.) However
the mentor will naturally demand some favor of t
student. A failure on the roll indicates that
mentor does not have the appropriate knowledge
is unwilling to help. A botched roll means that th
character has alienated her mentor.

If using a library and a mentor both, roll for eacl
separately and take the best result. A good mentor
better than books, while really good research material
better than a crummy teacher. Add one to the fina
result as long as both rolls succeeded. (Therefore, if yo
score two successes on a Mentor roll and one ona Libra
roll, it's considered a three-success Mentor roll.) @
course, you tun the risk of botching on either roll, a
your character still has to pay his mentor for the services



id

Ti.

x
I

oat
ze

INTRA N Se
FA a A

fee

ee Aa le nelly si ht rt eH a. Gen tg jon bo Salis Su ody api,
i ae i acy i i
heagers of lle wl

5 upre 9 sad] get! Jey he lolly id le i sit lopes of im some sod of wi pour o
Sa fete chr oe a
by, Ml te el ig tgs wl
wee al oe Til Dog pe cap
venga

Sey ei hating
wd aes its lc hom fr leah

aN,

: A ITIAGICAL \W@RLD
are :
Pee ETS MWe as

| i
Aa

Lee Ann looked around her at the alien
surroundings in which she was standing.
It was unlike any place that she'd been
N before. Barren, flat, like a desert that
stretched forever.

This setting was nothing new to her.
{1 She'd been on several Seekings before.
| The "Old Lady" brought her to some men-
tal landscape, then tested her, then
expected her to learn a lesson. Or, rather, that's usually
what she did. There'd been once or twice... but that
wasn't the thought for now.
The "Old Lady" was the term Lee Ann used for her
higher self, what some called the Avatar. She'd never
actually seen her before. She had felt her prompting,
quite strong at times, and sometimes heard a voice. It
didn't sound old, per se, but she had been around a long
time. Hence the name.
Lee Ann took stock of her surroundings, like any
sufficiently inquisitive mage would. Any time, some-
thing would appear, or happen, or attack. She would
find a way to deal with it, and then she would learn a
lesson. And then, it would be over, and Lee Ann would
rejoin the real world again. Simple, as always.
Any time.
Any time.
Any time...
Lee Ann looked around. This was wrong — some-
thing was... inaccurate? It was off. The Old Lady should
have appeared.
Lee Ann thought back to her day until now. Had
she flubbed a spell? Is that what caused this? Had the
magic trapped her in her own mind?
No, she didn't think so. She'd felt Quiet before, and
it wasn't quite like this. Besides, it was the beginning of
the day. The first thing she did was follow through with.
her meditation, center herself and let her mind clear for
the work ahead. She'd let the Old Lady guide her, if
necessary, or just relax and let her cares and worries
float away. She hadn't done anything else.
"Duh!"
The voice caused Lee Ann to spin. It was
about time.
"Okay, come out come out, where ever you are,"
she called.
Nothing.
"Hello!" she shouted, now somewhat put out.
Still nothing.

THE BITTER ReAD
8 wa Pag at OF Fle ' ‘
: nee tn Heard ie
7

‘
on a A bent

a oe

Lee Ann sighed and pushed her hand through her
hair, as she usually did when she was frustrated.

"Hello, already. What do you want?" she insisted.
She wasn't sure what game the Old Lady was playing —
although game was probably a misnomer — but she
wanted to get on with it.

"You're the one who came here," answered the
disembodied voice.

"Duh," Lee Ann replied, looking around. Nothing
had changed. No one had appeared. Lee Ann was sure
she was talking to the Old Lady, but the voice sounded
a little different.

Not different — impatient. The Old Lady sounded
impatient. Lee Ann had never heard the Old Lady
when she was impatient, but she had felt her. It always
annoyed her.

"We've been there already. What do you want?"
the voice taunted smoothly.

Lee Ann shook her head, letting her body shake
limply with it — another thing she did when she was
irritated. "I'm here to learn. What do I usually come
here for? I come here. You do something, and I learn."

"Is that how you think life is? That you just sit and
wait for something to happen? My dear, you have a lot
to learn. And not just by waiting for me to tell you," the
voice admonished.

And with that, there was silence.

Lee Ann growled. That bitch. How dare she toss
her into a mindscape without even a hint of a quest?

Of course, this wasn't exactly a Quiet episode or a
psychotic break. For one, Lee Ann was fairly confident
that she was thinking straight. She began reciting lines
from her favorite comic books and movies. When she
wasn't mixing them up, she was sure of that.

So, she'd just been abandoned then?

Well, she didn't like that.

Lee Ann sat down. The Old Lady would show.
Something would happen, and she would show. She
cleared out the rattling thoughts in her mind, bled off
the anger and annoyance, and let her thoughts drift.
She'd wait and right when her thoughts had drifted into
a dreamlike obscurity where she was totally discon-
nected from the passage of time, the Old Lady would
pop up. Lee Ann was sure of that.

Very sure.

The first hour.

And the second hour.


She was a little dubious the third hour.
The fourth hour she thought she saw something,
but it was only something that her mind had fabricated.

By the fifth hour, she was beginning to wonder.

By the sixth hour, she was sure. The Old Lady
wasn't going to show.

So, in hour seven, Lee Ann stood up, dusted off her
butt, and started walking. She would have to find
something, some time. She figured she'd been walking
an hour or two, when she finally did find something. Or
rather, she found some one.

The woman was beautiful, with flowing amber hair
and delicate ivory skin. She wore a green dress that
seemed to be woven from a primordial forest. Her eyes
were green and shone like stars. About her, in sort of a
haloeffect, was a phoenix —almost like a tangible aura.

"It's about time," the woman said.

Lee Ann simply looked at her. She'd been expect-
ing something a little more pronounced. A riddle,
perhaps, or a cryptic prophecy; maybe a challenge, or a
problem to be solved. Lee Ann thrust her hands on her
hips and regarded the woman coolly, then cocked her
head before speaking. "You're the Old Lady?" she asked.

"Don't look so surprised. You've seen me before,
though you don't remember it," she smiled a gentle
smile that made Lee Ann feel like she was eight years
old, spending a summer with her aunt in Collier,
Louisiana. "And I don't like being called Old Lady."

"Oh," Lee Ann looked down. "What should I call
you, then?"

"Callisandra is fine. That was our first name. My
first incarnation, and your first life."

"You're not me?"

c=
SD ebways bear wer the impression Ula le Actor w0s vol
ee eb in
long is xe, if jut ells eveles layer bo
ls miei ade ilo
i a be hipaa
hunt

"Yes, and no. | am you, a part of you, and apart from
you. When you die, I will continue on, and when you
are joined to this world again, I will find you and I will
rest in you until you are ready again."

"Always?"

"Until we are truly one."

Lee Ann gave a long whistle. "So, what's up with
this, already? The letting me come in and not giving me
a challenge?"

"Didn't 1?"

"No," Lee Ann said. "You didn't do anything,
except taunt me. Where's the challenge?"

Callisandra's face lit up, and she pointed behind
her. A dragon with three heads slumbered. Like some
beast out of Herculean nightmare, the creature was a
magnificent and terrible, scaled and fiery. Its heads had
twisted about on sinuous necks to make a comfortable
position to sleep, but also to catch stray sounds from
various directions. The body of the thing was lithe and
snake-like, with slender but powerful limbs. Fringed
bones rose from over the eyes— four eyes on each head,
spaced about evenly —as the creature dozed fitfully. It
could have been a symbol, a metaphor for any number
of things: the heads taken in threes, the beast as a
physical challenge, perhaps a riddling monster or a
quest regarding something that was not as it appeared.

Callisandra simply watched the dragon for a mo-
ment. "That was it, but it got bored."

Lee Ann's mouth dropped. "What?" was all she
could say.

"That would have been your challenge, had you
come looking, instead of simply waiting for the world to
come to you." The dragon shifted in its slumber but
seemed distant, less important. Clearly, it wasn't wak-
ing any time soon, nor would it be challenging Lee Ann
to any epic duels or puzzles.

Lee Ann shook her head, not really following.

"You've become stagnant. You've become so caught
up in being a Cultist that you've forgotten what it is to
be a mage. You don't live your life waiting for experi-
ences. You seek them out. Well, you're supposed to."
Callisandra folded her hands and waited for Lee Ann to.
digest this.

Lee Ann thought a moment. She thought about
how she'd been since her Awakening. Callisandra was
tight. She spent her time waiting for signs or visions, or
simply letting things happen around her. While that
was good for some things, she could count on one hand
how many things she done in the last two years that
made a difference. Waiting might have been good

CHAFEE Four: A ITMAGICAL W/@RLD 71

"aye!

when she didn't know what she was doing or what
needed doing, while she was still an Apprentice —
"But you're not an Apprentice any more,"
Callisandra interrupted in the midst of Lee Ann's
thoughts. "It's time to start looking." Callisandra waved
her hand. Where the dragon was, three paths appeared.
"Choose one," she said.

"How will I know which one is right?" Lee Ann
asked.

"You don't," Callisandra said. "And you won't for
along time. But really, it does not matter. It is not the
destination, but the path that counts. We all come to
the same end. It is the path that makes the difference in
that end."

Lee Ann gasped as memory passed before her. She
was a mage of light, then a mage of darkness. She was a
mage of study, and in another a mage of abomination,
twisted with an undying thirst. She loved a faerie king,
and in another betrayed her fae kin. She fought beside
wolf-men, and fed from their protectorates. She loved
Ryan, or an incarnation of him, and killed him in
another.

"Your lives have been good paths. Your lives have
been bad paths. But in the end, they have been your
paths. Each time you have chosen them. And each
time, you have learned on them."

"So, now it's time to choose one," Lee Ann said.
Callisandra nodded.

Lee Ann turned to one of the roads. "Well," she
said. "Here goes."

kK-
hal eit ie ed wot ew om lie
ig wok nn, Ts lee comes hom tle Mia oo oh slo
Ayis bids — lal ec la 9 lke

-%,

teh

ALWAYS IG

If you're reading this, then it's a safe assumption
that you've been ona few Seekings and have a good idea
of what they are. I know; when one assumes, that makes
an ass out of you and me. Actually, they add an ass to u
and me, but I digress. Besides, that's hardly my point.
My point, is to talk about the Quest.

What is the Quest?

My, what a good question. Where should I begin?

THE BITTeR R@AD
Fé Faris iP A they
wdvng uel

«qt.

Well, the Quest, whether you like it or not, is what
you will spend the rest of your life doing. We call it the
Quest in hopes of capturing some lost magical time, as
if the wish will give us more power, or a sense of
belonging in a world that is showing — increasingly I
might add — that it does not want us. We, my friend,
are the outsiders, the deviants, the freaks, so you might
as well get used to it.

You can say that you're not going to fall to such
archaic ideas as the Quest. You can say that you're
independent, that you have your own way, your own
purpose, and that you won't give in to the urgings of
others, or Others.

Give it up. The Quest is not one set path you can
take. No matter what advice, ideal or road you follow,
you will always be on the Quest. No matter what your
teachers told you, the Quest is nothing more than the
path you walk for the rest of your life. What's the end?
Who knows? Who cares? Do the ends ever justify the
means, really? No. It's not the end that counts, but what
you do to get there. And it won't be easy, no matter
what you choose. You want to try and be normal? I wish
you the best of luck. I'm going to give you a secret, one
that will save you a lot of frustration. Living the "nor-
mal" life isn't what you think. You start it, and you find
that when you get there, the only way to keep it is to
constantly suppress what makes you different, so that
you have to make yourself just like everyone else. Let's
just say that, at this point, the normal life isn't as easy
as you think. I really respect those who manage it and
keep a sense of themselves.

I won't be so trite as to divide up the roads available
to you. They are limitless. I have noticed, though, that
they can be... categorized after a fashion, into three
groups: corporeal, ascendant and destructive. That's
what I call them. Some laugh at the division, others
scream. Still, when I look at those who object to these
classifications, I can't help but see how their lives agree
nonetheless.

What do I mean? Well, the corporeal mage is the
one concerned most with the real world and what is
around him. Sometimes, these are the selfish ones,
those who use their powers to amass greatness for
themselves. Sometimes, though, they are very noble,
using their powers to help those around them. These
mages use their powers to feed the hungry. Some build
shelters. Others fight crime or corruption. Some few
just live their lives, and every once in a while, they do
something to make the world around them a little
better, or to make their own lives a little easier.

vp
fois


There are risks, to living that way. Discovery is the
biggest one. Many say that discovery is nothing big,
that they have enough power to protect themselves.
Besides which, they can always make those around
them understand.

I should remind you that while a single person is
smart, and sometimes even reasonable, a mob of people
is neither smart nor reasonable. You will not be able to
persuade a mob that all is well and good, and that you
are nota monster or the Devil incarnate. Then there are
hunters and other mages. The corporeal mage is usually
alone. Solitude can be dangerous to a mage.

So why choose that path? To many, it's the logical
path to take. Ideas of Ascension are too abstract, and
destruction, well... To put it plainly, it is what the
mage is accustomed to. You've just found out that the
world is a lot different than you thought it was.
Sometimes, to keep yourself sane, you try to hold onto
something familiar.

Then there are the ascendant mages. These mages
seek something higher, some far-off goal. Sometimes,
they are indistinguishable from the corporeal mages, as
they work in the same avenues. The difference, though,
is that the ascendant mages seek an ideal of existence.
They don't usually do for others for others, but for the
goal. For them, the world is a path, and if they do well,
they will Ascend.

Ascendant mages come in all types, and they seek
Ascension from any number of avenues. Some are
Hermetic mages who work and learn in large intricate
cabals and Chantries. Others are singular mages who
seek the path alone. Some are renegade-like, who fight
the good fight in hopes of reaching that higher exist-
ence. They come in all kinds.

These are mages who realize what they are and
what they have been brought into, and they have
embraced the ideals. They find their center in the
questing, in the dynamics of their new lives. To them,
returning to their "normal" lives would be, well, insane.

Then, there are the destructive mages. That's
what I call them. No, I'm not just talking about
Nephandi, although they are on my mind at the
moment. But let's face it, the Nephandi aren't the
only fallen mages; they are just the ones that your
teachers scare you with the most. You can also, some-
times, fit Marauders into this group.

What I call destructive mages you can call many
things. Nephandi, Marauders, the Bad Guys — call

yp ealy

them what you like, but they are the same in one
important way: They all seek to destroy something
for some twisted or insane goal. It may be the twisted
Descent of the Nephandi, to plunge the world into
chaos and nothingness. It may be the Marauder
trying to break reality so as to reshape it to his will,
to match his idea of reality. Or it could be the High
Mage who is using his students and Disciples to shape
the world to his image.

You see, we are taught the idea of Mass Ascen-
sion, that we will somehow lead the entire world into
an Awakening, and that all will have a new higher
enlightenment. While this goal is a noble one, it is
also one full of temptation, with many paths to walk.
All too often, I see mages take paths that lead them
into darker and darker magic. It begins with a single
compromise, a single time of forgetting the responsi-
bility that power brings. When you do that, you start
down a path that will lead to destruction, be it your
own or someone else's.

Here's the thing about the darker paths: Any
path can lead there. It comes down to one misstep,
and you are on a path that you can not leave. So you
have to be vigilant. You always have to watch, to ask
yourself what it is that you are doing, and why. And
you have to watch those around you, because |
guarantee you that there is always someone waiting
to take you down that path with them.

I know. I loved someone very much who tried to
take me down with her. The day I discovered, was
the hardest day of my life. And as tempted as I was
to go, I had to make a decision. I had to remember
my responsibility. For power, sometimes your free-
dom is the price. You can't make compromises like
before. There is no room for it. There is no lesser
evil for the greater good. So, no matter how tempt-
ing, you have to remember that. Do it, and you'll
make it on the bitter road.

And yes, it is bitter. remember that every day. But
when I sleep, I sleep knowing that I'm doing the best I
can, for the best reasons I can. I sleep knowing that I
made the best decisions I could. And then I remember
how tempted I was, and I decide what I will do to fight
temptation tomorrow. Sometimes, if get really scared,
I make the phone call, to remind those I trust to watch
me, so that I don't fall.

It is a bitter road, but I digress.

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL \X/@RLD

Although not all mages fall easily into
awrence's definitions, many chronicles do. A
chronicle's stories can easily be classified by corpo-
eal, ascendant, or descendant themes — or by
ombinations of those.

@RPOREAL TAGE H@@KS
By Lee Ann's definitions, most surviving mod-
Tm mages pursue corporeal goals. A whole other
hapter is devoted to their works — see Chapter
Two. Many player mages will follow corporeal
goals, or at least they should. Very few mages
Awaken, without any previdus life experience,
friends, family or goals.
Corporeal mages run the risk of getting so caught
Up in minutiae that they lose track of the Ascension
mn. Although it's importantto stay in touch with
umanity and the world, there's such a thing as
getting bogged down. A mage who gets ground down
by the wear and tear of the world's hostility — stuck
the meat-grinder of charity work, personal inter-
ention, constant demands and just trying to be the
ero' for too many needy people — can't get the
spective on the larger world.
For a player, corporeal demands form most of
¢ interesting, everyday conflicts. Does the mage
kip out on family to go traipsing off in the Umbra
for an artifact? Does the mage stay behind to help
homeless shelter instead of learning greater lev-
pls of the Spheres? There's no wrong answer to
se questions, as long as the mage is doing some-
ing. The real motive to look up is where the
lage draws the line between the mystical and the
dane. What are the mage's priorities? Hope-
lly, you sorted this out during character creation
ind decided on your mage's ideals and direction.
st because your character Awakened doesn't
mean that he has to give up his causes. Mages can
e just as active in Greenpeace, the Republican
arty or the local PTA as any other person. Every
mage should have some sort of material, worldly
hook that draws his attention.
For a Storyteller, corporeal hooks form the
basis of down-to-earth games. Sure, a lot of fun can
had flying around in Etherships, blowing up
Nephandi and making magical items. However,
here's also fun in development of character
hrough everyday problems. Which mage is in

,, Ht BuEER@AD
eral 1 6 hey

4

a

7y
If BY

more trouble: the one who's facing down a lo:
Technocratic opponent, or the one who's wanted
by the whole FBI? Which excites more emotional
intensity in the mage: the possibility of learning:
little about a new Sphere, or the possibility o
saving his childhood home from. bulldozing?

Obviously, hooking into corporeal mages rez
lies heavily on mundane Abilities and Backgrounds
Ideally, each playér defines the specifics of hi
mage's Influence Background during character ge
eration. For instance, a mage with Resources ¢
must get the money from somewhere. Does t
mage have a regular job? Then a story can be told
of the conflicts between that job and the demand
of magic (again, see Chapter Two). Does the mag
want to make more money? Well, one can do sé
magically, but it's more fun to tell a story of hoy
the mage gets an emotional investment out of
building up something mundane, such as starting
nightclub, founding a political movement or mak
ing a new company. The mage needs Abilities iq
order to do so, not just Spheres. A powerful sto
can be told by focusing on one mundane develop:
ment — getting inyolved in a land deal, perhaps o1
trying to clean up the streets — and making thi
mages really work with their appropriate Abilitie
(maybe Politics, Streetwise or something of t
sort) to make it happen.

Just because corporeal mages focus on the maté
rial world doesn't mean that they have les
entertaining things to do!

ASCENDANT STORIES

Mages who follow the ascendant path tend to g
out into the cosmos with the idea of finding tools fo
enlightenment and magical power. They're the one!
who dive into the Umbra, speak with spirits, build
Talismans and generally flex their magical muscles
Sure, there are a few navel-gazers, but contemplatioi
by itself doesn't cut the mustard. Mages are dynamic;
and they need to be in action!

A lot of groups start out with very ascendat
goals. After all, it takes time to dive into a characte}
concept; it's easier to focus on the unique and strani
parts, and go from there. Mages often get involved it
ideological conflict, magical warfare, study and sta
gazing. The ascendant road should eventually
into the corporeal one, though. As we keep trying to


me in the pursuit of magical knowledge. That sort of
gle-minded dedication, ironically, closes the door
o broader understanding (see Masters of the Art).
e mage must balance the demands of magic with
he needs of being human.
For a player, the ascendant path is not too diffi-
It to run, but it isn't always as rewarding in terms of
fich character development. There is nothing wrong
ith developing Spheres and Arete, overcoming foci,
expanding paradigm and improving magical Back-
grounds. However, there is more to the character
than. dots, so play it up. When presented with the
Opportunity to dive deeper into magic, you (the
player) should always remember that magic also
changes the mage. How does your character see the
process of development? Does he truly think that
external items and tomes of knowledge will open the
loor to Ascension, or does he focus solely on an
inward journey? The mage is part of the world, and he
Must accept the world into himself in order to As-
eend. As much can be learned about a character by
what he denies as by what he pursues.
(Before some people get up.in. arms, we aren't
elling you that you have to play Mage without
pursuing magic. We're just reminding you that rich
aracter development can obviously come from
ings other than the pursuit of magic, or else other
ames like Vampire and Werewolf obviously
‘ouldn't have any characterization for you. The
powers are neat, but don't get caught in the trap of
seeing the character solely in terms of powers. On
e other hand, you can have a rewarding
oleplaying experience with a "powerful" charac-
r; such individuals often have larger problems
d more dramatic foes.)

For a Storyteller, the ascendant path gives an
ppportunity to showcase all the vibrant variety of
¢ Mage setting. Players can go to Umbral Realms,
with lost Masters and spirits, seek out magic
tifacts and places, and generally experience all of
the really nifty mysticism of the setting. The most
Aportant caveat is the reminder that these ele-
nents of setting do not make upa story by themselves.
bet can be a nice place to visit with lots of eye
andy, but you need to have a reason for the charac-
fers to go there and do something, for instance.
en running ascendant-path games, focus on more
an just a constant end-run for bigger and better

aaa

a

VEE SET SW
SOT Ob hay eh

es ie

ae) ]

big

ag ,

stuff up and take the treasure" game.
A good tip is to play with the ideas behind
particular ascendant story line, tied to the things,
Thus, if you decide that you want the mages to gé
after a powerful magical item, remember that thé
item, like the characters, doesn't exist in a vacuum
Where did it come from? Why is it important? Wha
are the consequences if the characters fail to get it?
Ideally, the path should be a learning experience,
not just the end. Players can have a great deal of
just engaging in philosophical debate and ideology.
Try pitting the players in a situation where thi
Technocracy is doing something that'sright, and the
players have to decide whether fighting the Tech:
nocracy to weaken its overall power is worth th
price of setting something wrong. Or throw ow

potent mystic artifact and toss a ubiquitous curse 6
it; is the pursuit of power worth its price? Heck,
Spending a game where some old Master shows up
and bequeaths his library to the mage with the be

argument for/ against/ supporting/ decrying some
philosophy. Let the players sweat out what thei
characters really believe and why, and argue abor
what's right, what's wrong, what's objectivevand
what they should do.

DESTRUCTIVE ITIAGES AND YOU

There are really two categories of "destructive
mage" in play. The first kind are adversaries — those
who provide conflict to drive the game, by fighting
against the players' mages' ideals, destroying impor
tant structures and pursuing madness or Descent. Th
second kind are those who are destructive to the gat
as an enjoyable pastime. They include rules lawyel
players of Euthanatoi who bully andkill the restofth
group while the players claim, "I wasacting accord
tomy roleplaying paradigm" and mages who just wan
to whack enemies and never explore a real identity
You know the types. *

Class-two destructives aren't what this informa
tion deals with — just tell them to shape up or ta
a hike. The game is supposed to be a fun pastime fot
everyone involved, and people who have nothit
better to do than to derail the game or force it ontoa
one-track course are not doing any favors. Storytell
ers, watch carefully to make sure that players @
destructive characters are doing so in ways that a
vance the story and provide entertaining conflict
instead of making pointless frustration!

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL W/@RLD 81

oA ES koe ere Cd

4 ae

r


are the chaos aro

Every mage has some destructive impulses. It
comes with the territory. Mages tear down those
things with which they don't agree, fight those
who would attack their beliefs and squabble over
limited resources. As players' mages, they can be
a heck of a lot of fun. A destructive mage doesn't
have to be one that goes out of his way to whack
people or blow up the group's harmony. He can be
a mage who just has some compromise that has
tarnished him —a slight flaw in his character, as
it were. From there, the mage has opened the door
to conflict, but from that conflict the character
can overcome his problems and advance. A char-
acter without conflict is stagnant, after all!
Destructive character hooks give you great oppor-
tunities for Seekings and advancement. Overcome
your character's drug habit. Get your mage's tem-
perincheck. Find a way'to cast off that nasty little
Infernal deal you made as a reckless youth. De-
structive bits are tailor-made for story arcs, and
they guarantee that your Storyteller will have a
Seeking for you.

Some Storytellers introducing destructive
mages into the game tend to class them as "Bad
Guys" (such as Marauders, Nephandiand Techno-
crats) who need to be fought. A better idea is to
introduce destructive themes and let the characters
stem from that. Play around with the themes of
corruption, redemption, violence and enforcement
of will, then toss ina character who exemplifies the

eme — or, better still, causes the players' mages
to take up that role. For instance, you could give
the players a bunch of mindless little demons to
kill. Nota great story hook... but what about when.
hey start wondering about how their acceptance
of violence asa solution is changing them? Do they
compromise and stop fighting evil, or do they
shoulder the burden of committing sin to defend
the innocent? Play up the idea that no belief in
Mage is wrong, although some courses of action
have better results than others. A clever Story-
teller keeps notes of these outcomes and lets them
come back to haunt the players later. Perhaps the
actions of their impulsive youths cause problems in
the future, or maybe what was a good solution for
‘one problem isn't so good for another ("We kill
this demon, but we let that one live..."). Entice
the players to think, doubt, question and compro-
mise as a matter of course.

Hier

My point is, we have many roads we must take,
and many choices to make, and if you want to stay
true to yourself you have to be vigilant. You have no
idea how easy it is to stray, to compromise, to fall to
pride or destruction. I dare say, despite the fact that
mages tend to be extremely strong-willed, at least as
they progress, we probably have a harder time with
it than the normal person.

Daring, aren't I? But it is true. Why? Because
you aren't alone in that head of yours, that's why.
If you haven't figured it out yet, you have some-
thing else alive in you. Well, maybe not alive.
Perhaps I should say Awake. If you haven't fig-
ured that one out yet, you should probably go
back to being an Apprentice for a while longer.
You really aren't ready for the rest of this.

But chances are, you've felt it, maybe even
seen it. You've probably gone through what we
sometimes call Seekings (vision-quests work too),
and you have probably encountered it directly
there. What it is is something wondrous and —
well, to be redundant — magical.

It is the personification of your magical essence.
Its origins are only guessed at, and I leave it to the
Hermetics to determine. I personally do not care
where mine is from. The only thing that concerns
me is that it is with me now. It is, I suppose, the
eternal part of my soul, the part that carries on
forever. When I die, it will find another person to
inhabit. It will carry with it parts of my life, and in
it, I become eternal. (We're getting my views on
reincarnation, I know.)

The Avatar is what gives us our magic. Remem-
ber how the Awakening was explained to you by your
mentor, that you Awakened to your powers, hence
the common terminology? Well, that is and is not
true. That's the short-hand explanation. In truth, it
is your Avatar that Awakens. You see, when an
Avatar finds a soul to inhabit, it sleeps. When the
soul is ready, or something else triggers it, it will
Awaken, and that soul can learn to access its magic.
The Avatar is a part of you, and it needs you as much
as you need it. Without it, you have no magic.
Without you, it has no form.

Avatars are eternal things. They were here at
creation, and they will be here unto the end. Only
Gilgul can destroy an Avatar, and that punish-
ment is reserved for only the truly fallen, those
who will not be redeemed in a new life. | won't
discuss Gilgul further. The very idea of it chills
me. I will not say it revolts me, though. I have seen

in a life or three where it is necessary, unfortu-
nately. It is the importance of your choices.

As I said — before getting off my point yet
again — Avatars are eternal beings. They take
their focus and power from four distinct things.
These are also how they often drive their mages. I
call them the Essences, or sometimes the Source.
Understanding the source of your Avatar's power
means a lot in growing as a mage.

The first is the Primordial, commonly named
because it tends to draw it power and focus from the
beginning and the end. Primordial Avatars are less
concerned with the here and now and more with the
overall picture. They are the hardest of the Avatars
to comprehend, and I think that is why so many of
their mages fall to being Barabbi. Those who do not
fall tend to foster mages with creative energies and
focus. Some of the most powerful and fierce mages
have been of the Primordial Essence.

Then there is the Dynamic. These guys seem to
be all about change. They take the primordial idea
of birth, death and rebirth, and they focus on that,
applying it to all things. For the Dynamic Avatar,
there is a time for all things, and when the time for
this thing is passed, they move on to another thing.
By the way, that does not always mean when some-
thing is completed. These Avatars can be
aggravating when they are trying to pull a mage
from a task he has hardly begun, all because it is
ready to move on. The mages can be equally aggra-
vating to work with. Like the Primordial Avatars,
the drives of these mages can be hard to compre-
hend, and many mages trying to keep pace have lost
their minds, falling into the eternal quiet that is the
life of a Marauder. Still, a Dynamic mage can be
formidable. It is not always that he is extremely
powerful in one Realm. It is that he has many
Realms at his disposal.

Following that in progression is the Quest-
ing Avatar. These Avatars focus on the cycles,
turning a cycle into a quest, and seeing it through
from beginning to end. Neither point matters

yp caly
£ -1

dt,
fei

much. Only the road does to these Avatars, and
their mages tend to be the same. These Avatars
are much easier to comprehend, and they pro-
duce mages who tend to focus more on the
spiritual than the material. After all, it is not
the gain that matters, but the road, for it is the
road that has the sites that teach us. Most mages
tend to be of this cast. They are also quite
successful. Like the Primordial mages, they also
tend to become very powerful, sometimes ex-
tremely powerful in multiple areas.

The most stable of all the Essences, and the
most successful in this day and age, are the
Pattern Avatars. These Avatars take the Quest
and focus on the beginning and ending points.
To the Pattern Avatar, what matters is to build
and secure. These are the easiest for a mage to
comprehend by far, for they come closest to
human materialism. Mages of this Essence tend
to focus on the here and now and what the end
of a quest will bring. They are also less con-
cerned with the metaphysical aspects of magic,
finding their magic much more successful if they
are able to tie it into a mundane activity. Well,
not always mundane. Many Virtual Adepts are
Pattern mages. Few of them are mundane (al-
though I know Lee Ann usually disagrees). The
Technocracy is made up almost completely of
Pattern mages — that is my experience, anyway.
For the Pattern mage, order is very important. It
comes from the Avatar's focus.

Those Essences are how the Avatars guide us.
Their wishes are not always our own, and it is when
conflict arises that things become difficult. What
makes it worse is that their prompting is not always
tight. We often find ourselves in situations where
we know what has to be done, yet we feel a pull to
do something completely opposite of that. It's
usually quite aggravating, and it has led many
mages to failure.

By the same token, a mage who fights his
Avatar too much finds himself in the same end.
We find ourselves in a situation where we think
we know what we should do, and we feel the pull
to do something else. We do not listen, and in the
end, we step off our path.

The key to understanding the Avatar lies in
the tool the Avatars give us to progress: the
Seeking. By now, you probably understand that
when you get pulled into the Seeking, your Ava-
tar is testing you to see if you are ready to wield
more power. These Seekings are commonly vi-

sion-quests, but I have heard of them taking
more mundane forms as well, and the mage not
even aware that he is in the midst of one.

That is all well and good. Now, follow me
here, the Seeking is more than just a time to gain
more power. It is also a time to learn. Not just of
your powers, but of your inner self, your Avatar,
and to gain a deeper understanding of your own
hidden drives.

It is very important to learn how to determine if
you are ona Seeking. That is not easy, but there are
things to alert you. The situation almost always
requires something more than what you often give
— it steps outside your comfort zone, testing and
pushing you deliberately. It will also challenge you,
your thoughts and your feelings. It will almost al-
ways reflect the path you have chosen to walk.

When you are here, pay attention to the Avatar.
What are the elements of the Seeking? What is it you
have to accomplish or learn? What is there to pick up
on as you go? Different Essences will test you in
different ways. What has been the focus of past
Seekings? Do they take the shape of quests? If so, is
the quest or the end more important? Do your Seekings
tend to reflect ideas of change? Do they encompass
eternal ideals, or do they focus on the here and now?
These questions will help you understand your Ava-
tar and clue into how the Avatar thinks. How much
of a grasp does it have on the world you interact with?

Even if you are not in a Seeking, you can still
think on these things in any situation in which you
have felt the Avatar's pull. You should also take
the time to meditate, to focus on the Avatar.
Meditation is often our most direct communica-
tion. The relationship you have with the Avatar is
like any relationship. It requires communication
to work. Make known to it what you wish, and let
it make its wishes known to you. In doing so, you
will find that you can often make your relationship
with your Avatar much better. It is, after all, a
being that must cohabitate with you.

84 ThE BITTER R@AD

eit y

"

tory ‘

Hiding "i Mngt Qorety eel 4

‘
ee a)


Seekings do move outside a mage's experiences
and comfortable places. They can take on strange
forms and surreal landscapes that have the consis-
tency of a dream-world — but they make perfect
sense to the mage in context to his advancement.
At least they do in retrospect. Usually.

Seekings can be left toa few dice rolls but that's
doing a grave disservice to the potential for
roleplaying and character-development. Instead, a
Seeking should be handcrafted, built to suit, there
to challenge the character's notions.

Oh, and challenging the player's notions is
possible, too. Just don't move outside the bounds
of fun and playability. It's one thing to horrify
the character, or force him into a psychological
conflict. It's another thing entirely to do it to a
player, and it's not at all fun. Make sure that you
know your players' lines before you accidentally
cross them.

Playing through a Seeking is a great way to
explore your mage's self-imposed limitations
and what your mage needs to learn. Many mages
have boundaries that they can't or won't cross.
A Seeking always forces a mage to jump through
some of these hoopss However, in the true fash-
ion of the talkative hero, there's nothing wrong
with your mage bitching about the problem
first! Asa player, you may recognize the short-
coming of your mage and quickly find a way to
solve his problem. However, try to approach
the Seeking in terms of your mage's thoughts on
the matter. Is your mage a racist? Then resolv-
ing that foible may be important, but what
challenge could cause your mage to do so? If
your mage believes something with the same
conviction that he brings to magical practice,
then he's at loggerheads. Your mage must find
some decisive event or philosophy that causes a
massive change in his view of life — which is
what the Seeking is all about.

This event, in turn, drives the mage to more
ledrning. A mage who has a squeamish dread of
death, for instance, may need to learn about and

ecept death, by delving into medicine, morbid
philosophy and a hands-on exploration of age. Dig
into the roots of your mage's fears and problems.
Youcannotonly get a Seeking out of it, but ifyou're
lucky, you can get your Storyteller to approve some

}

in a Wer vrs Yaya Tne " pein Rt

new Abilities or Backgrounds. Not bad, as a bonus
on top of a chance to really see your character's
personality shine.

Storytellers of Seekings take note. A Seeking
builds around a single character's problems and
means of advancement. While a Seeking may be
worthy of a story in its own right, it can be really
boring for the other players as they sit around and
watch. A couple ways around this pitfall include:

Personal Seeking games. It's a real hit on your
time, but you can call up your player and say, "I
want to run your Seeking one-on-one." The level
of personal interaction is similar to a prelude. This
Seeking method is a good one if you've mapped out
an intricate Seeking but you don't have anything
else for the other players to do.

Group Seekings. In some bizarre mindscape,
the entire group could wind up in one mage's
Seeking. The important thing to watch out for
is other players solving their friend's Seeking.
Seekings are about personal resolution, so even
if someone else in the group kills the dragon,
that doesn't necessarily mean that the Seeking
mage has learned anything from it. Ideally, the
Seeking should focus on ideas and fears that the
mage must resolve personally, but friends can
help. If you have a particular metaphysic that
permits it, you might throw together a whole
story around multiple characters triggered into
one Seeking as a group, where they must resolve
personal and group issues. Group Seekings art
also appropriate for mages with circumspect
Avatars (see Mage: The Ascension p. 294),
who have to do things through real-world prac-
tice instead of mindscapes.

Seeking Guides. Borrowing a page from
Wraith, you can craft the Seeking in advance,
then pull the other players aside and give them
roles to play for the Seeking. The mage's friends
might show up but behave in strange ways. (Per-
haps one betrays her, and she has to decide how
to respond.) Or the players could take on totally
different roles. This is a great chance for your
players to try on suits as spirits, demons, dragons,
mentors, long-lost characters or anything weird
and strange. The important point here is to
watch for players who vindictively try to spoil or
hog the Seeking, or to solve it for their friend.

ae
wb YT
ae an
wf

t
ae

y

ide the story, not to be the center of it. This is
Iso a nice way for an otherwise quiet or peripheral
player to get a game in which her character is
entral to the story, but the other players still get
fo participate in supporting roles. In such a case,
(ou may even want to give the other players a
couple of experience points for their normal char-
icters, just for being sports about the whole deal —
but insist that their characters must learn some-
thing from the story of the Seeking as related by

So what do you use as a Storyteller when putting
ogether a Seeking, and how much input does the

ayer get, anyway?

Well, a good Seeking is — like anything else —
part of the game for fun. Thus, it needs to be some-
thing that the player will enjoy doing, and that the
Storyteller will enjoy running. At the same time, it
needs to address all of the mage's little foibles, as
noted in the more generic Seeking material of Mage.

¢ Player Pursuits: Hopefully, the player has a
direction desired for the mage — anything from

become an Archmaster" to "learn another dot of
Brawl." A Seeking can give some hints and guides
bout that path, or it can show the possible pit-
alls of doing so. If a character uses Skills, he's
naturally eligible to improve them. In a bizarre
Seeking, a character may even find himself pos-
ssing knowledge or skills that he doesn't
ormally have. The player could use this discov-
as a chance to develop the character in a new
rection. Anything magical that the player wants
© develop should be touched on. If a mage is
Orking on Forces, for instance, the Seeking
ould probably include some element of puzzling
x control over that Sphere, at a level that's
Deyond the mage's current reach. The mage must
find a clever way to understand it, bypass it or
ect it with his current knowledge.

Essence: The Avatar Essence is often ignored,

but a Seeking is a place where it can really make a
ifference. The Avatar's Essence defines, amongother
things, how the Avatar will make the Seeking hap-

. A Pattern Avatar tends to force the mage

rough a regimented series of steps: Complete small
‘ask, complete medium task, complete large task
built from repetition of lesser tasks. Furthermore,

antl trials each time te Seek i in order to prove tha
they haven't backslid. (Such is true of any Seeking
but more so for Pattern mages — sometimes to
point of annoyance for the mage.)

A Dynamic mage is the opposite. His Seeking
seems to flick from one point to the next, wil
sudden changes of scenery and goal, and perhap
even.a change in mid-action as the mage suddei
realizes that he no longer needs to do what
thought he did. Play up the alien nature of magica
change, and pull the rug out from under the mage'
feet to force him to react to rapidly changing situat
tions. The mage may also have to come to te}
with this dynamism in conflict with the more stable
demands of his life, or accept the need for chang
and throwing out old things.

A Questing mage pursues some unseen goa
that's always just on the horizon. Just as the magt
completes the Seeking, he should get the sen:
that it's merely opened the door for another step
These Seekings may not be as orderly as Patter
ones, but they do involve a step-by-step process
The mage must travel from point A to point Band
learn something, overcome something or acco:
plish something of significance. The quest if
usually symbolic. The mage doesn't need to slaj
the dragon, so much as she needs to slay tht
dragon of her fear and ignorance:

Lastly, the Primordial Essence offers a chane
to play truly eerie Seekings. The mage must gél
in touch with his roots, unlock past lives, loo!
into painful childhood memories.and discovel
secrets of his heritage. These secrets are usuall}
unpleasant, but the mage must accept them
From there, the mage studies his foundatio:
and questions his current direction — how dit
he grow into what he is today? What is thi
mage's relationship to his roots? These Seeking}
often involve a symbolic death and rebirth, or
destruction of things held dear. The mage must
return to the beginning of the cycle, followin,
the circular path of Primordialism.

© Flaws: A mage with Flaws is tailor-made
Seekings. The mage must come to terms with
shortcomings and difficulties. This process i
always a matter of overcoming the Flaws so much a
internalizing them. A mage who's narrowed her visio
—with hatred, for instance, or a dependency of sor
sort — must learn to move beyond it. The mage


overcome hee lack of vision. Perhaps she must
suffer for her prejudices. A mage with physical
handicaps must recognize them as part and parcel
of her being. A one-legged mage, for instance, must
come to acceptance of that state and realize that it
does not make him any less human. He must suffer
the temptations of overcoming that injury at the
cost of magic — the realization that desire for
physical things, that attachment to materialism, is
a block to spiritual progress. Or perhaps he is
offered the chance to be made whole without cost,
and he must understand that whole is a state of
personal acceptance, not a state of physicality.
Resonance: Ah yes — just as Resonance
colors the mage's spells, it also shapes the look
id feel of a Seeking. Although Resonance
should rarely actually hinder or help a Seeking,
it gives the Storyteller a great handle for the
appearance of it. A mage with the Entropic
Resonance of Chill may often find his Seekings
in cold desolation, with snow, or perhaps in
worlds of people who have little emotion. With
the Static Resonance of Consistent, perhaps
there is some element — an image, a person, a
sound, a smell — that always appears in a
Seeking, in every place and task.
© Completeness: Many Storytellers approach
Seekings as "yes-no" problems that the mage
must overcome in a specific fashion in order to
succeed. This factor is a formula for frustration if
your players can't figure out what you're getting
at, or if they hare off constantly in other direc-
ions. Instead, try to build the Seeking
qualitatively. The mage needs to come to a new
pinnacle of understanding. However, doing so
does not necessarily go hand in hand with being
‘a better person or overcoming a problem com-
pletely. Perhaps a compromise is effective, or
maybe there are several ways to solve a problem
satisfactorily. The way that the mage solves the
problem can give great insight for later Seekings.
A Seeking can also allow a mage to revisit an old
issue and resolve it differently. Instead of saying,
"You must jump over this chasm," perhaps the
mage must find a way to come to terms with his
fear of heights in some other way. He may face it
directly and overcome it, or he could skirt it,
acknowledge it or fight it. Finally, he may simply
realize that that fear is part of him and that he

Rp ete

ay Wed YE rag " ity PHN "il
‘ f

And I believe I have come back to the Quest, which
brings me full circle. For, if you understand the Avatar,
the place of Seekings, then you can better walk that
path you have chosen. Perhaps you will even succeed.
Chances are you haven't done too bad so far.

If you're reading this and sweating some choices
you made, then good. That means you still have a
chance to get back on track. It's when you stop sweating
the bad choices that you're really in trouble. But, I think
that you're beginning to understand that now too, so I
will be off.

As always, your devoted friend and secret mentor,

Sir Lawrence White

by Lydia Everson, Order fi Hermes, Disciple pe:
Bonisagus

The origins of the Avatar have always ey Rae
dispute. Like theexistence of God Himself, they aredoubted,
dubbed and sometimes ignored. What follows are my find-
-ingson theideaof Avatars, theirorigins, behefion hema
my experiences dealing with them.

Of the Avatar's Origins, Father Michael O cia
speaks:

"We believe that the Avatars are part of the Uni-
versal whole. We believe that all the souls were once one,
and that long ago, they divided, placing themselves into ©
the soulsof men and sleeping. Allhave them, we believe,
put not all of the Avatars are strong enough to Awaken
on their own. We believe,that there will come a Mass
Ascension one day, and that all of them will Awaken.
We believe this will be a most divine time. Of those that.
can Awaken, they will teach those whom they share the
soul with of the poweys and secrets of the universe. We:

temper our own powers and theuses of them."
While most certainly flavoredwith the Judeo- Chris:
tian bent, many of his words correspond with other
. spiritualists that I have spoken toregarding the Avatars.
Obviously, not all ofthemagree on the cosmological source
of the Avatars. Most of them feel that AvatarShave the

‘I
believe that mages are very important inGod's overall =) 4 ne
plan, and because of that importance we shouldbothtake = 3 ae,
care ofall of his creatures, and thatwe should takecareto )  4"|W
bs |
}
}

CHBETER Four: A pee Wer 8 |
eye sya tient ae GAbthy!
| \


ing
Picivhan and that they disbursed th

Ives among men.

e created with Avatars, that they area natural part of
soul. One Celestial Chorus magel spoke tqarqued that the
reath of Life" breathed into Adam was an Avatar, anditis
‘om that Avatar that all of them come. Personally, I don't
tink that interpretation is too far from Father O'Reilly's,
though this alors Si to takai wien
made the suggestion. ~
T have found many others as well. Many of them are
loved by spiritual beliefs,So I will not bother to discuss each
of them in detail; thecore elements are more important to this
dissertation. The common linkis the belief that the Avatars
haveadivine source of some kind.-All agree that they are the

Prsource of our powers, and that without them, we would have
no magic. The infallibility of them is questioned by some,
Others consider the Avatars perfect, above the idea of cor-
ruption, although this assertion obviously begs the question
of the corruptibility of the Avatarsof Nephandi. Those who

accept.a Nephandus both as an Avatar and that the
vatar is corrupt hélieve those Avatars to be akin to fallen

els. It is not surprising, then, that even'those who know
tle of the Nephandi believe that they worship'demons o
irk powers of some sort,

L have also found that many mages are ignorant *f the
Avatar, its drives and its purposes. This fact is disturbing, as
itisthe Avatar that guides us. I haveeven found mages whodo
not believe that. the Avatar exists as a separate being. This
belief truly disturbs me. Many of these mages v4 that the
Avatar is simply part of their subconscio tit has no
separate existence. In some cases, this bef has| little effect on
the mage; in others, itaffects greatly how they areaple toaccess
and use their powers. think thatin every case, ifs dependent
at least in part on the Essence of the Avatar.

Those who do not tend to-put a divine meaning to the
Avatarsalsodonot ‘¢ tolook toohardat their origins. They
may agree that the Avatar is a separate being, or at least a
separate part of the spirit, but they obviously place no divine
iheaning toit. They do not seem tosuffer for this misconception,
soitis my idea that the Avatars — with whatever conscious
ness they have = do not mind it, at least in the case of these
mages. That finding tends to lend question to the divinity of
Avatars and just what a divine origin means to them. Perhaps

ne

- a : ie BITTER R@®AD

‘at

I should note that theresa belie hating

7 lly) on the mage in question, notjust on their Essen
andcosmologicalorigins. ndéed, ae

of sacrifices or behavior patterns from . mages,
and they seem able to enforce them. Ot

real power over their hosts. (Ishall have to ice
this hypothesis, but that is a mattey for later study.)
One common thread in those who recognize the exist-
ence of the Avatar is of the Avatar'as a teacher. (his
teaching isnot always welcomed, but most mages accept it
The door topower comes withmetaphysical understand-
ing and, as antinomian praxes showythis understanding is

although it is not as widely accepted. Itis the idea that the
Avatar will direct the mage's course in life. Many mages»

tend to fight this idea. While it is certainly true in some

casés, again, I find that itdepends on the individual Ava~
ge: Most Avatars seem Content to allow their hosts to live

‘out their mortal lives as desired, andkthey provide input
during only rarequests of metaphysicimportance. Indeed,
the prevalence of Orphans whollive out quiet lives without
dalliance in mystic society bears out.the assertion that few
Avatars serve as actual guides for all life:

A more radical theory i is the idea that the Avatar is
simply aspirit familiar, or sometimes even a guardian spiritof
sorts. This view isshavedmost by those who view the Avatars
as simply Quintessential batteries:While they agree in the
origin and purpose of Seekinijssthey do not see that teaching is
the Avatar'srole. Theybelievethat Seekings dresimplyatest
that the Avatar gives when it is indicated that it is time.
Avatars do serve a guarding role, but the fact thatmages
cannotiinitiate Seekings under their own power seems to jive

credence to the notion that the Avatar must play a partin \

guiding the mage to enlightenment. Still, since Seekings often
_ farm from what could merelybeelements ofthe subconscious) it
"is still possible that the Avatar.is littlemore than a trigger or
intermediary between the mage and. greater understanding of
herinner "el and spirit. Fe

v3 reiegve Bae

ni

often tempered with undesirable elements or painful expe- ¥
Ariences. The idea of the Avatar asa quideisalso prevalent, —

tess on twooccasions, anemone aa
- tion with the Avatars. Neither encounter went well. 1

believe thatthe oe take i anid oe ee faticrnaciatialegrn that didnot match

threatened, hy amage's attempts tocommumicate directly.
therefore do not suggest it, except in extreme of
circumstances. Avatars do sometimes seek to communicate
~with other mages. Lleave that to their discretion. Most
often, the Avatar speaks\solely to its host. A rare few
manifest visually orphysicalty, although this phenomenon
ismuch more fare thn once was.

In the first instance, I attempted to speak with the
‘Avatar ofa Marauder. never quite succeeded, and am
not sure why. What I received was a nearly month-long

" SS Se aia ofthis experiment is not recommended. I

ud ed little of the nature of the Marauders, save that
their Avatars do not seem ta be as restrained as ours are.
The idem that Marauders use their magic without worry

ff for Backlash may he because their A vatarsare free todirect
that Backlash elsewhere. x

In the second instance, 1 sought to find the truth
pehind the corruption ofa Barabbus. This particular mage

been caught by my cabal, and she was being ques-
© tioned. When she insisted that her Avatar drove her to
her eventual end, | decided to test the veracity of her state-
ment. I searched spiritually for her Avatar. Although
her Avatar was present, it was apparently distorted in
some form. Prime-sensing clearly showed that it had a
radiance very different'from most Avatars, although it
"had not aibeen ale quantities

+ sits twistedState had, sadly, become theonly state thatit und

joyed its state. It was clear that the Avat

"ifs ideal nature, which obviously drove it (as a
paraphysical construct) into some level of internal conflict.

believe that the Avatar once had the representative form of
large cat, one of the wild Irish sort. It looked as if its skin
béen turned inside out, while still on its body. It seemetl to
radiate a dark ichor. Most importantly, it was clearly i
censed. Its interaction with Prime energy showed that it w
much more active than most Avatars in its assertion over i
host. Furthermore, there were indications of ties to other enti=
ties (q.v. "demons') in a fashion of direct communication t
allowed the Avatar immediate interaction with them.

When I offered my aid, matters went poorly. While I
doubt that this state was the one the Siete tobein, it
became quite apparent that it was here by collective effort. In |
itsstate, I donot think it understood being better. It showed me
many instances whereit had fallen tothe Nephandi'sCauls (a
reference Lamstillresearching). When I offered toensure that
it would not happen again, it attacked me outright, through
manifestation of spontaneous magic on the part of its host.

Inthe end, we had no choice but to sentence the Barab)
toGilgul. The Avatar had been corrupted so many times t

a

till, [think Lunderstand why it sought such corrupti
In that state, it existed in a sort of chaotic madness that coul
spawnnearly any idea. Ido believe thatthe Barabbus Avatar
was Primordial, and that what the Avatar sought was the
primordial beginnings from which it was born.

* ®

Lyla Evonor confined to research the tauth of the Banabl, sen hrewwledge that
would help the Traditions to battle ther The above discourses the laut thing she even
(delivered Yonmall, although marupnites exist. She was killed by combined algonts of Onden "

[of Hetmes and Euthanatos mages after she became Banabbus hensel}.
= —<LW ‘. sy

CHAPTER FOUR: A ia WerRLD 89

vr Bere Le ea ad peril 4, ry ae ri hah 1 ay
1 a t

fe i te aa

Most players see the Avatar as a convenient
little metaphysical hook, a background bit of "what
makes a mage a mage" and little else. This notion
is a disservice to another piece of characterization
that can really add to your individual mage's per-
‘sona and appearance.

First off, though, the Storyteller needs to put a
andle on Avatars in the chronicle. The "default"
setting for Mage assumes that Avatars are chunks of
Primal energy, not really self-aware, that hold memo-
ties of past lives and act as an interface between
consciousness and magic. But there are many differ-
ent ways to toy with them depending on the game
you want to play!
© Primal Energy: The "default" scenario for
ge assumes that the Avatar is not really self-
aware, but it "fakes it" through memories and
"emotions carried through several lifetimes. Avatars
thus carry past lives through reincarnation and give
mages advice or guidance, but they are not infallible,
and their desires often coincide with the nature of
their energy (their Essence) and their historical
‘inertia (what all their former lives did). Avatars
nd to assume particular forms based on their inher-
ent memories and emotions, or perhaps just based on
their key shape. (That is, an Avatar might have one
shape that it always uses, it might change its appear-
ance over time, or it could have many forms.)

© God-shards: A close version to the "Primal
nergy" theory is the idea of the Avatar as a shard of
od, the One, Prime, whatever you call it. This
ory is the one that the Celestial Chorus espouses,
ind it's popular with many other mages, too. In this
ion, the Avatar has drives and goals of its own,
ause it has small pieces of Godhood in it. Itwakes
ip and lends the mage its power to tap into the
iniverse. Because it's a shard-of divinity, it's inti-
mately tied to the cosmos, but the mage must learn
to use this tie. Such Avatars can get really snotty,
00, up to and including punishing their host mages
if the mage doesn't do what it wants. You could have
vindictive shards, helpful shards or just bored shards.
‘ora twist, make different Avatars come from differ-
ent gods. You can hook the chronicle together by
making all of the players' Avatars come from one

THE BITTER R@AD
jveq'

shit f

rama ee 4

WT tat

ie «qf

gla tet

¢ Souls: You could just see the Avatar as thi
individual's soul. Doing so makes the Avatar and sot
one and the same, naturally, which has some meta
physical implications... what, exactly, does Gilg
do? Why would your Avatar assume a particular fo!
Is it there to guide you to a more spiritual level, act a
your conscience, or what? Naturally, Spirit magi¢
suddenly takes on a whole new importance.

© The Subconscious: The Avatar could bé
nothing more than the unrefined visions and drive
of the mage's mind. Humans may have souls, but
only a mage has an active spark of inner will tha
allows him to penetrate to his pure subconscious
and reach into it for inspiration or power. Tht
mage's Essence then becomes part of his personal
ity, while his Quintessence is held by the most
dynamic, vibrant parts of his mind. This paradig:
leads to neat possibilities like using Mind magic té
mess with Avatars, or even eating someone's brain
to gain his enlightenment!

* Angels and Demons: This idea runs kind of fa
afield from your usual Mage fare, but it makes for a
nice theological chronicle. The Avatar is an angeli¢
or demonic patron, giving the mage power and
guidance. Your mages mightalign according to thei
"sides" or just by similar goals —and it's possible fo
angels and demons to have overlapping ends through
different means, or similar methods leading to dit
parate goals. In this game, you can explore questions
of faith, religion and a very apocalyptic tone. The
final days are here, and the heralds of Heaven and
Hell are your characters. You'll have to tweak ho
past lives work, of course, and decide what theology}
(if any) is "right."

PLAYING WITH Y@URSELF

So your Storyteller has gone to all this work té
decide how Avatars work in his cosmology. Natus
rally, he hasn't told you what he's decided, but that
shouldn't stop you from defining your Avatar. Look
into its appearance and motives. These descriptor
can provide another nice hook for game play, an
characterization.

* Communication: How does your Ava
communicate with your mage, if at all? Does ii
whisper inside her head? Talk? Shout? Materialize
in a form that only she can see and make rud


estures? Provide sudden impulses or images?
Show up in dreams?

¢ Appearance: What does your mage's Ava-
ar look like? Most mages learn to recognize their
vatars, and most Avatars take on a distinctive
ippearance. An Avatar can be anything from a
lue-skinned six-armed hermaphrodite to a
imple cat. There's usually some indication of
the A vatar's Essence in its choice of appearance,
hough. Dynamic Avatars might appear as balls
of pulsing light or fractal patterns, Pattern Ava-
s-could manifest as machines, numbers or
soncepts or just in some mundane form, Primor-

k-

"Tis wed edie ~ oh cal ey wel Le ciel rin ole Supded Sah ~ comes bm ape oh en clei
he ae ly hn Be ain i oe ee

fo sme aceon 9 cal
=%,

THE PARADIGITI

dial Avatars might show up as people from 1
mage's past, and Questing Avatars could appear a
animal guides or spirits.

Motives: Even if the Avatar isn't self-awarg
or is just a part of the mage's mind, it may well ha
goals and drives. The Avatar could push the magt
to anything from regimentation of her schedule t
the desire for some really good noodles. Soi
desires may come from past lives; others may ti
the Avatar's origin. A good trick is to pick a coup
of strange drives and let the Storyteller decide
upon their basis, depending on how Avatars wot
for the chronicle.

What is the paradigm? The paradigm is
i how you conceive of magic, and how you
channel it to do what you do. Every mage
is different, as is evidenced by the foci that
each mage chooses, and how he chooses to
use them. What is good for the goose, in
the case of magic, is not always good for
the gander.

Of paradigm, there has been, since
about the 1400's or so, a shared idea in each Tradition.
It is the idea that magic can be channeled through nine
avenues, to affect the world around us. These avenues
we call Spheres, and they are the basic language that
every Tradition mage and some Orphans use to com-
municate what we do to each other. "I am a Forces
mage," means that I channel most of my energies into
affecting Patterns of energy. "I am a Life mage," means
that I channel most of my energies into affecting
Patterns of life. Forces and Life magic are quintessentially
the same. One can not feel magic and know instantly
what kind it is without feeling out for what that magic
is affecting. The difference comes in how that magic is
channeled and what it is going to affect. The idea of
Spheres comes from the idea that these are the nine key
divisions of existence in this world, although some few
argue that there is a tenth as well.

SWERVE Wea Arg ra Whey YA '

x a's Ot

Is it possible for one to do magic without the
Spheres? Perhaps. Certainly, before the Traditions
gathered, the Spheres as a metaphysical construct
did not exist. However, they are the most widely
disseminated system of magical theory among Tradi-
tion teachings today. Each Tradition adopts a means
of looking at each Sphere. In return, the mage can
describe his magic in broad terms so that other mages
can recognize its roots: "I am performing magic that
affects the Forces." The mage may not understand
how his compatriot does so, but he recognizes the
validity of its effect on the chosen Sphere.

Foci act as a mage's guide in directing through a
Sphere. We continue to use them until we can visual-
ize for ourselves that road, though the foci will always
make it simpler, even then. But at first, they are
completely necessary. A mage can not find his Sphere
without his foci. They can take any form, but they and
the reasoning behind them will always relate to the
Sphere being influenced.

Each mage looks at each Sphere differently. This
is all dependent on the teaching and individual
beliefs of the mage. What is most aggravating to
many at first is that there is no single true way to look
at magic, except to say that there is no one single way

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL W/@RLD

i f
fer
4 ¢?-


to look at magic. The idea that magic comes from the
realm of the spirits is just as viable as the idea that
magic comes from the balance of the mind, or the
union of man and God, or man and Avatar. I know
that probably floats above your head, but it won't be
long until you begin to see it.

It begins by realizing, probably by accident one day,
that you donot necessarily need to use a particular focus
fora particular spell. You will still find it makes the spell
easier, but one day it will not be necessary. This is the
beginning to a broader understanding of magic.

Such enlightenment is not easy. We will learn
eventually to cast off or compromise some of the
ideas of our paradigms as we adapt, learn, change
and grow. Necessity often dictates that. The road to
true enlightenment dictates a willingness to cast off
static ideas. For most mages, though, there are ideas
that they will never cast aside. There are Archmages
who could obtain the enlightenment of an Oracle,
but they refuse to let go of their concepts of magic.
Perhaps they are afraid that they will lose power if
they do so. There are Traditionalists who cannot
understand other ways to do magic. And, of course,
there is the problem of relearning magic... when
one has spent 20 years honing a particular tech-
nique, it is not readily abandoned for something
totally different and new.

Power is the most common reason why foci and
paradigm are not abandoned. Even when mages find
that the foci and paradigm are not needed, the will still
finds magic easier to channel through them. Other
times, mages simply cannot get past the static ideas of
their foci and paradigm. I've noticed that Virtual Ad-
epts have the hardest time doing so. Sons of Ether come
close to that difficulty, since so much of their magic is
rooted in science. They believe in the power of the
object over the power of the person. Although objects
do have power, popular science denies that mankind
can surpass his limits without the aid of tools. That
paradigm is thus self-limiting.

The Hollow Ones are a strange exception. They
do not concentrate on any one Sphere, or in any one
way to use foci. They do, for the most part communi-
cate in Spheres. Hollow Ones can usually speak
intelligibly with Traditionalists about what they're
doing. That's good. It means the rest of us can under-
stand them somewhat. As for their study of Spheres
and foci, though, it isa mish-mash, varying from cabal
to cabal. Although they readily accept new means
into their methodology, they lose the dedication of

« ie BIT BSED
: fe taka ry

hh ya)
4

raat

ge yt

focus that allows Traditionalists to rely on ancient
foundations. The Traditions have refined their magic
fora long, long time, because it works well and teaches
well. The Hollow Ones just accept whatever they can
get their hands on, which means that each one must
learn his own direction.

Orphans, like Hollow Ones, tend to also have
mish-mash paradigms. Roughly self-taught, these
mages generally shape their paradigm around what
they've always perceived magic to be. Those who are
taken into a Tradition generally find homes in those
that match their particular style. One might think
that, like the Hollow Ones, they would have the
easiest time diversifying their styles. That is not so, as,
like the Hollow Ones, their paradigm tends to be
influenced by the world around them. Also, of all
mages, Orphans are the ones most likely to seek out
and obtain the "normal life," something that is gener-
ally — but not always — counterproductive to
expanding one's magical paradigm.

Technocratic mages have their own ideas of para-
digm. Theirs is more grounded in science, and therefore
their magic tends to relate to science as well. For them,
scientific achievements make their magic possible and
real. From my experience, their paradigms also tend to
click much easier than the Traditions and other mages,
making it easier for them to work together.

Nobody can make a real definitive guess ata unified
Marauder paradigm. Since we assume that the Ma-
rauder is caught in a permanent walking Quiet, we can
guess that it is dependent on the nature of the Quiet.
But what that is, no one can say. Perhaps you could
enter their minds to find out, but I would not suggest
that. The experience kills some, Marauds a few, and
drives most into irreparable Quiet.

Paradigm is very important to consider in both work-
ing with and against other mages. How do your allies view
their magic? If you want to ever work magic with them
successfully, you must know. A Verbena will not be able to
combine spells with a Son of Ether without the two of
them determining where they can get their magic to mesh.
That'sanother important use of the Spheres. The Verbena
and the Son of Ether can determine what Spheres need to
be influenced and what they have that can actually be
pooled together. By the same token, if you're fighting an
adversary, having an idea of their paradigm can help you
in fighting them. If you can make your enemies guess
wrong on yours, then you can make them underestimate
you, or find you unpredictable.


Mage obviously relies heavily on paradigms and
foci in its core incarnation. The rulebook spends all this
time on paradigms and foci, so they're totally important,
ind you have to use them or you're not playing Mage.
Ahem. Bullshit.

Like any other story consideration, paradigms
ind foci are themselves just tools for telling your
‘ory. You need only use them in a chronicle inas-
much as you like using them for a fun game.

Again, the level of distinction about paradigms
id foci is up to the chronicle that the Storyteller
wants torun. Ergo, youcan't just decide that yourmage
doesn't use foci when everyone else must. Ultimately,
that's a Storyteller call... but asa player, there's plenty
of room to wiggle with your paradigm. Consider:
© Rigidly Paradigmatic: Your mage believes that his
paradigm is the "one true way." Others may do magic,
gut they're not doing it right. Your character probably
eavens his discussion liberally with specialized magical
gon from his Tradition. Characters of this sort might
pet a difficulty bonus of one when using rotes made by
their Tradition, but an equal difficulty penalty when
combining magic with anyone of a different Tradition,
ind they'd never use a rote from a different Tradition
although they might "translate" one).
© Closed Paradigm: Your character believes that
he's tumbled to a system of magic that fits a personal
sion of truth. Usually, he lets other people get on
vith their own magical practices, but he may see
ie practices as wrong or misguided (from which
ean stem much personality conflict). He believes
that his Tradition teaches a good set of values and
magic, and he.thinks that those values are good to

RE SH®VING PARADIGITIS AND
DOWN YOUR THROAT!

C@NSENSUAL REALITY AND THE PHYSICS ITIAIOR

indoctrinate other newly Awakened people who aré
ready. He sees the value of other paradigms but hi
doesn't really understand how they work, and he trie
to get other mages to see his point of view. Most
mages adhere thus to their paradigm.

¢ Open Paradigm: Your character believes that his
paradigm is one truthy,but that others are equally validy
He doesn't necessarily study others, but he allows
other people may perceive truths very different fro
his. He is flexible about combining his magic wi
other styles. He does not usually incorporate othe
paradigms because his paradigm works well for hi
but he has no problem with guiding a student to 4
mentor who might have a "better fitting" paradigm fo
that individual. He shares knowledge with other mage
and tries occasionally to see where_they're coming
from. Many Tradition visionaries fit into this category.

© Liberal Paradigm: Your character feels that
there is no one truth, but that all truths are equally
valid (or invalid). As a result, he uses a particula
paradigm because it's what he learned, but he's mi
than happy to learn others ifhe can spare the time.
shares his methods and incorporates other te
niques. He tries to devise new ways of looking at ant
performing magic. A mage of this sort might be able
to learn other Traditions' ways of doing magic (and
thus use their foci), but he would have difficul
improving due to his lack of depth in magical study,

Note that all of these possibilities assume tha
your Storyteller enforces paradigms at all! Your Sto
ryteller could very well run a chronicle with
Traditions, mix-and-match paradigms, paradigms b
no foci... the combinations are up to you.

"ST There's a story that circulates — trust me,

ee it circulates — about a physics major who
ee

had some radical ideas. This student, whom
we shall call Emma, was brilliant, but she
was also a little... off.

Emma developed this new avenue of
thought, an avenue that she called "con-
sensual reality." The idea behind it was
simple. You could affect anything before
you as long as you knew the proper avenues to travel

SEL

Te AN Tare Pe

to get there. Emma's theory, too exhaustive to in-
clude, was based on concepts from such well-studied
sources as Newton, Einstein and Hawking. The theory
is incredible, and it allows for nearly anything to
happen as long as there is a road to get there. Lead to
gold, a cure for cancer, a trip to the moon.

Emma, my friends, is the Technocracy, and Emma
is why they have won and we have lost. Emma is why for
every one Technocracy mage who encounters Paradox,
there are four Tradition mages or Orphans afflicted.

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL \W/@RLD
J Myth

i ee ey

4
lL

Sdteing leo Ub i legs tle quali of ubeller lle nudes
aiearsalwrpet Te simply iscves lle
tudes ob lle vniverse, o» lid tle ndes come fo be because lle
One of tle cortAere-towe proms we hace is Udell wih
(same oh le lpes ob pele Bynes wedivel lele,
cud accel, (len tee slut te vempices — 1s 0. usole, people Joat
Wine iv vampires ery mores lee exe jul 0 many vempie dices
revel it walls, (Well, pel a gi i
sb op Ee eile pl 8
aw wience
eal ode 4 ict wll ale
Foe Ulal matte lee ore cedei costerds lat scom objective,
We oll we Quidesserce f» purr magic, kn inlevce, Yet 9 lve it
on weeny gol culty (lel lee ene meges in Adie — oui
tle Naslic Balleloal — ulo cen pojow sinider dects willed
Quirdessence af all, Did we homme ove ovre blichs on lis males?
ical questions. A on bee, there ore 10 opposed
onsen, yet.

fo enbace sud reject magic, so le wool is pelmineuly
on bn conics Ulese ove sib wih ws, Zien lle will of en ive
wicbabi fey tases, beset
Ueiaers, Degen axl wvicoms ave fog gre bem lis well bd len
images will remain 0s log 0 « baw pnp (ine,

G cue, 5 coll be way,

-™.

XM

You see, Emma played by the rules. Emma found
logical avenues to achieve the fantastic results that she
wanted. Even when they failed, they simply fizzled, for
the most part. Few of them blew up. Emma plays by the
tules, and reality likes Emma.

The rest of us exist against the rules.

Ever wondered why people feel sometimes uneasy
around you, why it's hard to keep up a true intimate
relationship with a Sleeper, why people instantly know
there is something different about you? It's because mages

94 THE BITTER ROAD
© OF Fh y %

ee ee Oh
Oth ant, wees

ie wah,

resonate. Our very presence puts ripples in the Tapestry
that we call reality. Emma suffers it too, don't worry. But
Emma can displace it a lot easier, while still doing her
thing. Why? Because reality has absorbed Emma's thing.

Where do you think the ideas for the telephone,
phonograph, camera, television and radio came from?
What about those trips to the moon? You think reality
let that happen on her own? No. Reality got prompted,
and Emma knew how to prompt her so that it would
happen with the least amount of fuss.

That's what magic is all about, right, shaping real-
ity, getting it to do what we want in a given set of
circumstances? Here's the thing: You don't mess with
something like reality without some consequences. If
you're gradual enough, you can sometimes get away
without any occurrences. Reality will accept your logic.
Unfortunately, we don't usually have the luxury of
being so gradual. Even our coincidental effects eventu-
ally get reality's attention.

That attention can come in many forms. There is,
of course, the Resonance of our being, that strangeness
that surrounds us, some more so than others. Other
than annoyance, Resonance is not too much of a
problem, so long as you don't allow yourself to resonate
too strongly for prolonged periods of time.

There are occurrences that come from Paradox at
times. They are similar to Resonance, but unlike Reso-
nance, they have physical manifestations. These
occurrences happen when mages play badly with their
toys. Simple things happen; milk curdles around them
or plants wilt. At other times, clocks run backwards, or
things just won't work right. More advanced forms
begin to affect the mage personally, affecting percep-
tions, or warping the mage's body. These flaws can
range from annoying to dangerous.

Then there is Backlash. | almost prefer Backlash at
times. It's quick and simple. It's nasty, but then I don't
have to suffer for days or weeks with my mistakes.
Backlash is, simply put, your magical energies coming
back on you along the primary channel of magic used.
It can range from headaches to lightening strikes, and
Backlash can kill you and those around you.

Paradox Realms are another result of bending real-
ity too far. They aren't fun things. Mages don't know
they're in one, at first. They just go along their merry
way, when suddenly they realize that something is very
wrong. The wrongness depends on what the mage did
to get drawn into the Realm. The solution can be
simple, or complex, depending on what was done. It
never requires the use of magic.

CAME te

waht hte


TWepyTt

I
j
! |
1 |

Ms

fizz

Then there are the Paradox Spirits. These guys can
be nasty. We've all heard the legends of Wrinkle, who
can make it so particularly flashy mages never existed.
That's all fine and good if you're mondo powerful, but
you'll probably not have to worry about his caliber of
spirit fora while. That doesn't mean that you don't have
some dangerous ones to watch out for, though. The
smallest ones are annoying, but they can be dangerous
after a time if not dealt with. Others can be quite
destructive, although they may seem small and simple.
Think of the damage that the "Welduh" can do after a
while of erasing your memory. Dealing with them is like
dealing with any spirit, but it's likely to be non-magical
solutions that appease them.

There's also the balancing factor of Unbelief. The
theory behind Unbelief is that those things too
fantastical to be accepted will slowly pass on. Fantastic
mechanical creations stop working. Incredible crea-
tures die. There's a theory that one day we too will fall
to Unbelief. With the latest occurrences, some feel that
it already has begun. Unfortunately, once Unbelief sets
in, there is nothing you can do to stop it, short of a

WOT feb VEY "

a. tbelgee:

miracle scientific discovery. The only thing you can do
is prepare to counteract it before it can begin, and there
are some things that people will simply never believe.

Then there is Quiet. Quiet is a dangerous madness
that can often be the end of a mage's road. They aren't
just caused by Paradox. A mage who is increasingly
unable to cope will sometimes find himself locked into
one. Failed mind magic can also lead into a Quiet,
sometimes a nasty one. Quiet stems from a total unbal-
ance of magic. When magic gets completely out of
control, it whip-snaps back and changes your mind.
You know how your perceptions influence reality?
Quiet springs back and influences your perceptions.

Most Quiets begin with simple delusions that will
affect only the mage's senses. It's a very horrible
madness, as no one else can see what the mage sees. In
many ways, he is trapped in his own mind, living a
paradigm that reality has twisted just as the mage
attempted to warp reality. The amount of time Quiet
lasts depends on what brought it on. Some factors lead
the mage straight into the mindscape of the Quiet
from which few return.

CHAPTER FeUR: A ITIAGICAL \W/@RLD.

eT, flee
ya has ey {


Hobgoblins are another fun and vulgar snap of
reality's don't-fuck-with-me whip. These beasts are
illusions that affect the mage; illusions that can some-
times manifest themselves to others. The hobgoblins
usually come from a Quiet, when the delusions of the
magical madness begin manifesting themselves into
Quintessential creatures. The hobgoblins are usually
secrets of the mage, things she would rather not let
others know about. Unless you destroy it, it will stay
around. How long it stays depends on the power of the
mage responsible for it. They can range from inanimate
objects that appear to people walking and talking to the
mage, or sometimes others.

Hobgoblins and the delusions they spawn from are
a more common form of Quiet for Disciples. Hobgob-
lins can be fought or allowed to fade away, but having

()
Ag
ai
one does not mean others may not appear. They can
also cause many problems, often doing things to affect
the world around them. Many Sons of Ether have been
plagued by little Gremlins that were the result of
manifested hobgoblins. Once they manifest, they can
be fought, but they will have the originator's abilities,
making them difficult to deal with.

Mages affected by Quiet or hobgoblins can enter
mindscapes of their own will. This journey can be
dangerous, as failure can keep the mage there forever.
Others who attempt to enter a mindscape — be it self-
induced or not — may find themselves trapped in their
own Quiets. Such Quiets are not kind, but they are

fortunately rare for Disciples. It usually takes a very
large disturbance to merit such a punishment.


We're talking pretty freely about "consensual reality"
‘paradigms" and stuffhere, butdon'tassume that mages
all of this information. If mages already knew all the
ets of the universe, they wouldn't have anywhere to go!
As with any chronicle direction, it's up to the
toryteller to decide how much a mage knows about the
ature of reality" and its cosmological underpinnings.
Here, in black and white, are the assumptions about a
tore Mage game and what mages would probably know:
© Consensual Reality: Most mages accept that
ality is shaped by will, and that even the weaker
ills of Sleepers have a profound effect through their
assive numbers. Mages believe that the rules of the
orld function only because Sleepers believe inthem.
lowever, there are a number of puzzling exceptions.
or instance, most mages just don't have explana-
ions for things like vampires or Paradox-free sorcery.
Technocrats don't accept the mutability of real-
, in general; most Technocrats believe that they
ork according to objective principles. They want to
amp out mages because mages are dangerous, not
cause they go against the consensus. (What the
iner Circle believes is another matter entirely.)
® Historical Inertia: This concept is not well under-
tood by most mages. The average mage just thinks that
ere are some things that are apparently constant.

WHAT Y@U KN@W AND \X/HAT YOU DeN T

SENDINGS

Maybe such constants would change if the consensi
changed radically enough, but who knows? The Teche
nocracy predicates science on repeatability, so if there is
gravity and there isa formula to account for it, then that
formula can be worked to account for its existence
historically, too. In this fashion the Technocracy "proves"
that certain things have always been true.

© Paradox: Mages can't agree on the source 6
Paradox. Some mages believe that it comes from self-
doubt, others from violating the consensus, still othe:
that it's just magic that goes a little out of contro!
Mages recognize that magic that fits "the rules" dra
less difficulty, but still argue as to why this is true.

© Paradigms and Foci: Most mages believe that a
paradigm and associated foci are not just trappings, but
real necessities to doing magic. Although the will i
important, it can only be directed by using the right té
to show what needs to be done. Mages accomplish:
direction through their foci, and their paradigms sho
why they believe that certain things work. Most mages
accept that traditional practices have power, and so there
are many ways to do magic, but most Disciples and lesset
mages scoff at the idea of doing freeform magic without
paradigms and foci. Mages who start to overcome thei
need for foci begin to transcend this understanding,
it'sadifficultprocessandnotone thathappensall at once

thing that has many alarmed and confused.
New beings have arisen. They are spirits of
some kind that are seeking out trained
mages, although no one is sure why and for
whom. These spirits, called Sendings for
ri the questlike nature of their appearance,
seem to resemble Avatars or hobgoblins.

The Sendings are a mixed blessing. In some cases,
they come with vital information, or they direct a

Bs :
My wscoxch io Uw te yh a eae
Li ends be att a

BS oly ' haan ait ‘vrs

ry

" hig

mH

Siem ley ol sco ole
Lauer ae sal 3 bl
zing

ara!
deal,

young Disciple into the direction of a new benefactor.
At other times, they misdirect the mage, or lead him
into traps. The biggest problem with them is that there
is no way to tell the good from the bad. Mages who
follow a Sending's urgings may find themselves quickly
in over their heads. Mages who don't may find them-
selves either facing a situation they might have been
saved from or facing an angry spirit.

The only thing consistent to them is their inconsis-
tency. Even the mages who do listen to them do so warily.

Scere abgames
las
fo tel yu

CHARS Feur: A ITIAGICAL \W/@RLD
ae us a Bak
#, yet

folepye
ia


THES

UPERNATURAL W/@RLD

Wearenotalone. Ofthat, youcan be certain.
There are many other things out there, things
that hate us, things that would kill us. Not
4 that I blame them. Some of us hunt them.
| There are rivalries that go on so long, we
don'teven know where they started. [can tell
you some of the reasons they persist, though.

V AIMPIRES

These creatures of the night do exist. I've encountered
one or two, and while there was no violence, no one was
comfortable on any side. For one, they positively stand out
from the crowd if you're sensitive to Life magic or to Entropy.
To Life, they register as totally deprived — except for the
power inherent in their stolen blood. To Entropy, well, they
are like a beacon going off saying, "Here I am! I'm out of
balance!" Oddly enough, there are not as many Euthanatos
vampire-huntersas you might think. To many, the vampires
exist outside the balance, and some Euthanatoi even view
the undead as abominations to be hunted and destroyed.

It's my experience that most mages either hate the
vampires and destroy those they find, or they are curious

"WAP
Lwiass

Al

THE BITTER R@AD
fj ‘ Lt? Ye q '
A peghirgeny

i .
bean ia

Aa es
hg Me

Fi

of them when they run across them. The rest leave well
enoughalone. I will admit, am curious about them. | want
toknow how they manage tostill exist, and why they have
not gone the way of all the other myths. I would also love
to sit an evening and talk history with one. Can you
imagine talking to some one about the Civil War who was
actually there? Or the Roman Empire?

For their part, unfortunately, they do positively hate
us. Most of them do what they can to avoid us. I don't
blame them. Some of them try to use us or destroy us.
These are usually either very powerful or very naive, and
you unfortunately can't always tell the difference at first.

For those of us who insist on dealing with vampires,
there are a few caveats. The undead are notoriously danger-
ousand driven. They will appear to compromise for the sake
of negotiation but they will run long-term plans that may see
no fruition until you're long dead. They consider everyone
a potential pawn or threat — so you're one or the other.

Rarely, some vampire will try to latch on to a mage
and draw him into the world of the undead. Such matters
usually end badly. Vampires only really want two things:
survival and blood. Any mage who gets in the way is

a7


| Styl Wy iit

a Naat ei iy

expendable; a mage is useful for his powers, as a tool
against the vampire's adversaries. Don't presume friend-
ship or trust. And above all, don't get bitten: becoming
one of the undead permanently impairs the ability to
work magic. Just ask the Order of Hermes.

A careful Disciple doesn't have to worry much
about running afoul of vampires. Mostly, they stick to
the heavy cities, and of course they are active only at
night. They don't venture into the spirit worlds. They
also don't have much in the way of useful occult
knowledge, excepting a few small cults within their
ranks — a mage can easily steer clear of them.

On the other hand, you'd best watch out if you get
involved in certain messes. First off, just by bega mage, you
draw strangeness to yourself. You could find yourself in the
middle of a war of the undead through no fault of your own.
Since vampires come from human stock, they can be just as

K-

diverse in their interests as humans, but there are a Se
things to watch out for. Vampires always need a ready blood
supply, so they tend tocongregate in places where afew pints
won't be noticed: among the homeless, insane, lower classes
and hospitals. Since they can pick and choose who they
inculcate, they also have a tendency to pick sociable or
cunning mortals (with a few exceptions) to join the ranks.

So, the final verdict is that unless you're sure of what
you're getting into, you should leave well enough alone.

If you get intoa fight, move. They can replace their
ranks and they can afford to wait.

THE \W/EREW@LVES

Then thereare the werewolves. All the warnings I gave
about the vampires go triple for the werewolves. Where the
vampires will either avoid us or use us, the werewolves will

Sour. ese, sbi. Ste ese cml pels wih Ue nee onl 9 lope Ua 9 vaca bey ceo lee lnocy fs mele — tose lak avert oled

mol, ad is, Ale hom te jel Hak Ue magic is ihe (0 thein valine ed (las mone consi end less Glow Han exw cure magic is fu
PaO a OR feamen ives of worked lays, Slay oud of (eis wey,
Ghee Ue Oe does ee ide hie bs hcl
me

by

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL W/@RLD 99
file ;
yy AT Ue bth


almost always kill us on sight. There are a few who manage
to get along with them, but I stress few. Dreamspeakers can
usually manage it. Verbena can too. Rarely.

The main problem that we have with the werewolves
is one of resources. It's funny. The places where we find
the strongest stores of Quintessence are also heavily
guarded by the werewolves. They don't take well to
intruders in their lands, either. They will certainly kill
anyone they catch leaching power. Fortunately, if you
know what to look for, you can avoid these places. Of
course, the problem lies in knowing what to look for.

My advice, if you find a really strong pool of Quin-
tessence, is to avoid it. It probably belongs to someone.
If you really must have it, I would approach it, con-
stantly calling out to whoever might lurk there, asking
tocome in. If it's guarded, they'll approach you. If you're
lucky, they won't kill you on sight. Whatever you do,
though, do not take it without permission.

I've been told by Dreamspeakers that the werewolves
deal a lot with the spirits. If you have to traffic on the
spirit side, you'll probably run across them. Do what you
can to avoid conflict. If you can manage an ally out of
it, even better, but I wouldn't count on it. Watch out —
they don't suffer from the effects of the Avatar Storm,
though nobody knows why.

I would also learn from the lesson of a Euthanatos
whom I'll call Alfred. Allie, well, Allie
him that, and he always meant well. One day, as we're
approaching what we hope will be a Quinte:
ming pool, we're met by one of the wolf-boys. He's actually
willing to talk to us, which surprised me, let me tell you.
Was, that is, until Allie did a little perception spell and
made an observation. In seeking to relate to the werewolf,

as smart, I'll give

ential swim-

Allie made the comment that the werewolves really served
the same purpose as he did (Allie was using himself to refer
to the Euthanatos). I should point out that the werewolf
was already dubious about Allie, and I think I was the only
reason Allie had not already been attacked. As it was, the
beast gutted Allie before he could even think to react. As
for me...? I took the moment to step out of it, as it were. I
had quite the headache later, but I lived to tell about it.

THE \/RAITHS

Wraiths, also called the Restless Dead, are curiousones.
Most mages completely ignore them. They do, on occasion,
attract some attention, especially when they manage to
affect the living world. I've heard many Euthanatoi com-
ment about them, that they keep themselves locked in the
cycle. I've also seen many Euthanatoi wonder at the resis-
tance the wraiths put up when said Euthanatoi try to help
them pass on completely. The Euthies don't always get that

100 THe BITTER ReaD

ety Peaster fa tt vid
Me 4 ates ial ;

Fr ! |

Tis

Ve ie eo


noteveryonewants to move on. I call ita Traditional failing.
I would also note that if a Euthanatos is not careful, he can
easily find himself haunted by them.

Of the wraiths, my advice is leave them be. Unless
they are doing some harm, let them do as they will. My
understanding is that they have their own little place to
exist, and that their affecting our side is rare at best. A lot
of times, they are only trying to help anyway. So, if they
want to help, help them help. It's the best way to ensure
you don't get Euthanatos Syndrome (i.e., haunted).

THE FAE

I personally like the fae-folk. I have associates who
don't care for them. I like them because of what they
seek to be, and what they seek to do. Our goals are really
very similar. They want wonder to return to the world,

"My mage used to be a vampire, see, but he was made
alagain withaspell,andhe'salsorelated to werewolves,
d they have this pact with faeries. Cool, huh?"

Mages have enough to do without having to rely
mn other supernatural shticks to carry them through
he day. The in-character advice in this book is just

pertinent out-of-game: You can run a perfectly
ood Mage game without messily killing it and your
haracters off with other critters.

You've read, doubtless dozens of times, the cave-
its about keeping various game themes separate and
0 on, so we won't beat that into the ground again.

Of course, you didn't spend. your hard-earned
sash for us to waste space without giving ideas on how
o make something work, so...

DISCIPLES AND V AITIPIRES

Mage-Vampire crossovers are probably the most
biquitous of all the Mage multi-genre games. But
at's probably because youcan dosomany neat things.
A mage in the courts of vampires is a valuable and
ecious resource, and that value putsher in danger. Other
ampires will seek to manipulate the mage or destroy her
Oneutralize heradvantage. Everyone will assume that the
age works forsomeone else, and ifthe mage tries to be up-
ont and say that she's a neutral party who's just stopping
jshe'll probably be taken aside by a nasty, brutish fellow
0 may or may not take three seconds to explain the

So = do you work your mojo to keep a mage
om dying in a vampire court? You make the mage

rae 4c han rt if ha

we want to Awaken the world. In the end, the things we
both want most are to survive.

Still, can see why most would avoid them. Usually, we
can manage to be unaffected by them. Usually. Some of us
have more problems with that than others. Cult of Ecstasy
mages, for instance, are completely ata loss for how toavoid
their magic. The more technological minded, though,
don't usually have that problem. However, if you let them
catch you off guard and enchant you, you are almost
completely at their whim. When enchantment occurs,
they can even cast spells to keep you from using yours.

If you can get their respect, though, than you
have powerful allies. As I said, we both work for the
same things. The main thing is getting both sides to
see that. Just be careful. In some ways, dealing with
the fae is like dealing with Marauders. Some of them
are just as chaotic.

too valuable acommodity to destroy. First off, it help
if the mage cuts a deal with someone large and in
charge — like the prince, if you decide to run with al
the titles and things from Vampire: The Masque
ade. Furthermore, the mage better have a bargaining
chip to make sure that the protection deal is upheld:
A good dodge is that most vampires won't know what
the mage really can and can't do, so the mage can ge
his hands on just about anything (a name, a bit o
blood, whatever) and claim that he can work "s
thetic magic" that will blow the hell out of whoeve
touches him. If you want to be totally up-and-up and
honest, what are you doing among vampires?

Conversely, a lone vampire wandering. around
with mages tends to skew the chronicle a bit you
have to do things at night and you worry about
famous vampire-to-lawn-ornament spell. Your best
bet is to set up a situation where the mages need the
vampire. Perhaps he knows people that they don't
has information that they don't. Callous mages ma
just mind-rip a vampire for such information, s6
helps if the vampire is known and trusted by someot
(say, other vampires) and must act as an intermedia
A vampire can also be a useful companion when you
can'trisk vulgar magic but you have torely on "powerz.'

So, without further ado, some hooks for youl
character vis-a-vis the undead:

© Your mage seeks to undo the Curse of Caine
(good luck!) and wants to find a way to make
vampire mortal again. This is a subject for a wholi
chronicle and then some...

CHAPTER Four: A ITAGICAL \W/@RLD
- tte
uu ay Jy Mh

ma
is


¢ A friend of your mage was blood bound, and
jou have to find a way to break the spell — or destroy
the dominating vampire.
© Your character want revenge for getting attacked
y a vampire, or for a friend's death at one's hands.
¢ A relative or friend of your mage was turned into
vampire, and although relations are shaky at best, you
oth have a sort of "in" to one another's groups.
¢ Vampires and mages might fight over the same
nagical artifacts — say, Hermetic mages clashing
ith Tremere over spellbooks.
© Yourcharacterused tobeaservantto the vampires,
it some shocking experience triggered the Awakening.

/ EREW/OLVES AND ITIAGES
Most people tend to assume that werewolves and
hages are pretty buddy-buddy. I mean, there's that non-
e about raiding caerns, but mages don't really do that,
o they? And besides, you can just walk up and tell a
erewolf "Oh, sure, that's all bunk, we're really nice guys"
d he'll believe you, right? You get the idea. Even
amspeakers and werewolves have only shaky relations.
» For their part, the shifters tend to view mages
spiciously both for their powers and for their ru-
jors. The rumors of caern-raiding aside, the powers
Awakened magic carry phenomenal results but

equally phenomenal consequences from Paradox. A
far as the shifters can see, mages are doing things tha
they shouldn't, and Gaia is slapping them down for it

Of course, once mages and werewolves get off on
agood foot, they can have some suspicious but mutu:
ally beneficial relations — but neither party is likel
to go in for long-term deals. Who knows what a magé
will do next? Werewolves don't need those magei
dabbling where they don't belong. And werewo
are notoriously cranky... No mage would want to
spend too much time within claw's reach of thesé
hair-trigger engines of death.

If you want to have your mage bum around with
some shifters, try these excuses:

¢ A werewolf sent a spirit on some errand, and if
ran into your mage and asked for help.

¢ Your mage inadvertently stepped on som
subsidiary of Pentex while fighting the Technocra
(Yeah... that happens all the time.)

¢ A Seeking awakened some past life in which
your mage was related to the shifters.

© Some Paradox manifestation drew the atte
tion of werewolves from the spirit world, who droppeé
in to see what all the funniness was about.

Your mage's Talisman is really a fetish that
made by a werewolf awhile back, and he wants it bac!

ANADVERSARIAL ENVIR@NITIENT

Wis is « mle Ulad Leanence lscovael soon eer lear Lplie
et a ee ee
Gill bed rat leon ian

diet a)
pe ddl cietdeerebea

My Dear Lawrence,

When you read this, it will be too late for me. I will
be that which I have sought knowledge of for the past
two years. What is written here is the last of what is good
in me. | leave it with you, so that it will be the one things
that my masters will not defile.

Tell me, Lawrence, have youever looked at the face
of evil to see what is reflected? It is not pleasant. For two
years, I sought that face, to find out answers. I wanted
to know what could be so evil that we would destroy a
mage's very essence to ensure he did not return on the
Cycle. What could warrant that punishment?

wars oe BITTER Rasp

rehidyng
ay sae

I will admit, the Gilgul of that poor mage affected
me drastically. I can still hear his Avatar screaming. I
wake up at night in a cold sweat sometimes.

I began looking, interviewing sources. I found
that the Barabbi would talk to me, if they thought they
were getting through to me. I made sure I had con-
trolled circumstances that would allow me to follow
their influence without becoming affected. I had got-
ten quite a bit of information about them, about what
drives them. I even had rough ideas of where their
strongholds were.

I don't know when things changed. At some point,
I lost perspective. It was strange. I had my eye on the
Barabbi | was working with. I knew what they were
doing, and I knew what they wanted me to do.

Well, I thought I did. I was watching the ones I was
working with. I wasn't watching their friends. For every
Barabbus | had encountered, there were two, maybe
three, maybe a dozen Nephandi working the wings. I
look back now, and I can trace the lines of corruption.


Innocent bystanders, momentary alliances, one night
stands. They were all parts of it. can see that now. can
see how such innocent things sent me down a path, so
that now I find myself at a threshold.

Tomorrow, | will Descend. Tomorrow, I will know
ultimate power, and ultimate evil. Tomorrow, I will set
loose my inhibitions and all of my pre-programmed
opinions and ideas. Tomorrow, I will free myself.

Tonight, though, I will remember that which is
most important to me, my friends. Lawrence, this is a
warning. Please, please take it to heart. Don't let what
happened to me happen to you or the others. You
don't see these people coming. They can be anyone.
Your enemy, your friend, even your brother. They
manage to penetrate every tradition, and they have
eyes and ears everywhere. There is a reason that we
fight them as we do. They are evil, and I won't see any
of you taken in because of me.

From this day on, I cannot be trusted. From the
date of the letter on, take nothing I say as true. Don't
trust me. I will lie to you. I will seduce you. | will
deceive you, and I will bring you into hell with me.
And when itis over, you will kiss me, and you will fuck

Der akan
yes eat bi

"Wi YEA

me, and you will love me, because I helped to make
your dreams come true.

That is how they work, and it is how I will work
after today.

I would give you the secrets I know, but I can't.
There's nothing that I can do to change that. I discov-
ered this three drafts of this letter ago. So I will only give
you the warning.

Do not follow in my footsteps.

But why did I choose this? I was seeking knowl-
edge. I found myself slowly directed toward the idea
that the best way to know your enemy is to think like
your enemy. That is a dangerous thing. As I sought to
think like the Barabbi, | was seduced. The lure and
promise of knowledge was more than I could resist.
They fed to me their secrets. They told me the dark
things that you only guess at.

What do they serve? Where do they reside? What
tools do they use? How do they view magic? Who are
their operatives? I know all of these answers. I could tell
you so much, if only I had taken more care. But after a
while, my vigilance slipped. After a while, I became

CHAPTER FOUR: A ITIAGICAL \W/@RLD
Zi

PA hal
%

103

leis
ay MRE Ua

qe


caught up in the pursuit. I am a questing mage, after all.
And they fed me so well. How could I not follow?

So, tomorrow I shall walk into the gates of Hell, and
I will come out as something else.

Please, take from this what you can. Do not let this
be you. I love you, Lawrence. Tell the others | am sorry.
Tell Nathan that I love him. ] always have, and | always
will, but right now, that love, none of it matters to what
will happen tomorrow.

Do not look into the face of evil, Lawrence, for
what you will see reflected is your own.

Until our next life,

Lydia

THE TECHN@CRACY

I hate writing. You know that I hate writ-
4 ing. I would let Ryan do this, but then no
one would understand it. But I hate writing.
You want to know about the Tech-
nocracy? Where should I begin?

All right, they corner the market on
reality. I don't have to tell you that. It's
kind of obvious. They didn't always have
thatadvantage, though. Once uponatime,
they had it like we do. Then came the Renaissance and
the Age of Reason and the Industrial Revolution.
Before anyone knew what was happening, the Tech-
had their hands in everything. Now, their
magic makes the world a better place.

Atleast, that is the propaganda. I'm not sure on the
better place part. I'll give them the bit on making a
place, though. I do have to admit that I like my cell
phone, and my email, so I can't complain too much. If
they would be more best friend and less Big Brother,
though, then things would be much better for all of us.

As it is, the Technocracy is one giant organized
control freak. They think the best way to guide and
shelter and protect humanity is to control it. That's all
well and good. Really. Not. Anything that goes against
the grain is a threat, and it has to be dealt with. I speak
from personal experience.

And the Technocracy's way of dealing with things
is not pleasant. If you're lucky, they send field agents
after you, what some of us call the MiBs. These charac-
ters are not pleasant, but they can be avoided so long as
you don't try to exchange words with them or work
magic on them. The best thing to do when you see one
is waste no time in getting out of the area.

nocracy

"ea lot THE BITTER R@AD
pth vt 4
atas,

wa f
ribiv beh

tors ‘

Os wer teak

PIN fs heave a
ee ee { ds


we tf a1 tt

If you're not lucky, you get a HIT Mark after you.
These guys are not nice. Super-agents of some kind, they
will keep coming until you find a way to destroy them, or
reality figures out how fucked up they are. That doesn't
usually take long, assuming that you're getting the extreme
version. First time that these things try to do anything,
people realize how wrong they are, and they eventually
have to leave or stop working. Unfortunately, that usually
means that innocent people have gotten hurt. Trying to
fight them is worse, as they are usually well shielded against
magic. Funny how the Technocracy will protect itself
against something that it insists no longer exists.

The infuriating thing about the Technocracy is that
what is likely to come after is simply field agents. Not
Apprentices; not Disciples. Throw-aways. Goons.
Goombas. Mooks. Which means that if you manage to
deal with what came after you, you still have to worry
about what sent it, and you can forget learning anything
from a captive. And no one wants to attract their
attention. Once you deal with what comes after you,
even if you figure out where they came from, you're too
weak to deal with it. By the time you can, they've moved.

It's the way of the world. Storming their strong-
holds is suicide. The days of large-scale campaigns are
long gone. These days, it's stay out of sight and do
whatever covert activity you can. And pray that you
don't get caught.

The best way toavoid the Technocracy is to keep out
of sight of it. Keep your magic as low-key as possible, find
ways to make yourself unnoticeable, and have good
escape plans ready for when things go wrong. If you
remember that 90% of the clean-up crews work for them,
then you'll do good at remembering not to stick around
if you cause a disaster. We've all been there. Some of us
more than others, and me more than some of them. I'm
number 34 on the Technocracy's "Most Wanted" list
(last I checked), and I survive by knowing when to stand
and when to run. Having contacts to move you "under-
ground" is also a good thing. Nothing like normal,
trustworthy non-magicals to cover your trail.

Well, Larry, I hope this is what you wanted.

I'm gone. I think the man across the room has
red eyes.

Peace,

Lee Ann

ise we've ~ been moved up to Public Enemy Nuunber One where Ihe Yechuos are concerned. Olt,

Loed, where
Node that wasu'
The vext monni

bediu. Ryan and J were wandering, as usual. Ale'd actually
by anyllung fuexy. A wice one loo. 50, we decide fo camp for a few days.
we hear vehicles. aJe lide out and walch, and see trucks pullup

to find a

wear the ceuler

ofthe area, where the Node is, cout see it with your eyes. The ouly thing that mares it is a fox
Ve Lie y bee!

den, with a mother fox. D think,
one, she docaw't cun shen people
the

her in danger. Iwas
the olhers bs the tox. ale bacely
marked. Its faint, so faint thal
off the fox, bul couldn't bet any

wear it.

Lacy, flus ts bad. 3 dou't now what's up wilh dhe ta ng, sly the would be doins it, but whalever it's
wand J
vol suce whal our survivabitily cale ts. Ale wou'l make the dinner for your new book. J'm sorry.

for, they dou't waut people knowing about i.

All my love,
Lee Aun

HEE. SEE. We PE
: fala RL : ras ie a

3 divas gp YO. Be

magic has done somellund to her, as 2
come around. J have a teeliig
6 the tracks slad forming a circle, aud D 4ikuce oul that was fora dlual. Sure
eu They sla ae ener re ie eta Ata os sho bad one ot ok
her hole, gust stands there. One of the men fires at her, and she « tzes foo lale Hal somelluns is pull
that blew our cover. He stands up, Ws dun drawn, and clads tiring as one
sok away, Ale checked out the Node later, and sure ew

wou'l see it wiles you know fo look for it. Ale wanted fo del the Lad

wba er

's wok ceally uoonal. For
would be hard pressed fo hurt her.

, Haas

we been

non-stop since then, and J'm

Ba)


gol 6 bedi Y walcing tein wovemed's lat cen
 scoms lal leyre vol neady so chiciad. Vets
fac, Xs ebvost os ib oll le aes of the Race

i et

sa be ol a ee en mo ad a ee pre Be
te csp, aig he enflg — ey ahs el Ti cei i
oes dt ey bw hel fob ro

mg §
wa fay

"Vhis Nodeteqging ivcilerd is somental lollewome, Sd heaad ob semetbis a ee ee

wens wy lo fad us — 0 ib yr sce ery Wack schens lean, exnd

yur Nok djl wre, ld wale ane Ua ey Mi

THINGS THAT G® BUMTTIP IN THE NIGHT

Wait, there's more?
\ Oh, yes, there is. You've been told

There are the "non-taggables"; things
SG SS that you're likely to run across that seem
to have no category to fit in. Some of
them are benevolent, most of them are dangerous. A
few of them are cute and fuzzy; some of those have
teeth. Not all of them are supernatural, though. Some
of them fit perfectly into reality's little scheme. Even
the supernatural ones seem to exist, on the basis of
urban myth and legend.

THE HUNTERS

Hunters are not pleasant. They've always been
around, and they exist in stages of deadly and ineffec-
tive. Rightnow, they exist in the deadly stage. To them,
we're witches who will use, abuse and drain humanity.
Thave to admit, I see their point. For all the good that
we do, so much must be sacrificed.

Hunters come in all shapes and sizes. They have
only one real thing in common, a desire to find and
destroy destructive supernatural elements. Their ideas
of destructive vary, but most distrust us (at best).

Previously, hunters just wandered around with a
little sorcery, a little attitude and a lot of guns. These
days, they've tumbled to something new. They could
even be a new group of mages. It seems that a lot of
witch-hunters recently have taken up the practice of
supernatural power. Nobody knows what prompted
this... it's only known that it's bad. See, hunters can see
us now. It's not a sure thing, but it seems that the sort

oer
eM eee
rr a |

of eerie vibe that causes mages to stand out to normal
humans makes them especially noticeable to these
witch-hunters.

Worst ofall, some hunters are now showing up with
powers that can't be explained by the Spheres and can't
be easily countered. Your best bet is to lay low and get
out of town.

URBAN ITIYTHS

Urban mythsare things that exist seemingly against
the grain of reality. If you investigate, though, you find
out that (for instance), while no one has seen a sewer
"gator, they agree that one is probably down there.
While encountering them can be dangerous, they are
one of our best avenues to getting our victory back, and
spreading a little enlightenment. The bogeyman, sewer
'gators, giant rats, roaches the size of a small dog. These
are all things that the world accepts as possibilities.
There are even mythic killers that haunt cities, like
eternal Sons of Sam. While some of them are simply
normal killers who attain a Resonance about them-
selves, there are a few that are something else altogether.

RURAL LEGENDS

Like urban myths, these legends are accepted as
possibilities, although few have seen the evidence. They
range from the ghost that inspired Evangeline to small-
town weather witches. UFO's are a modern rural legend.
The Big Foot, Native American curses, mysterious deser-
tions of towns are other classics. There is always the
"Don'tbe out after dark because of <<insert anything>>."
There are the big fishes that can eat small children, dogs
that slaughter cattle, and the woman who has slept with
every man in town. The more rural the area, the more
ripe it is to plant seeds of new legends.


SPIRITS

And there are always spirits. If you attune yourself
to the Sphere of Spirit, you can't go anywhere without
feeling them. Spirits of nature or innovation,
extradimensional creatures, whatever your name for
them, they exist. Why? I would imagine because we do.
While most seem to go about the purpose of what they
represent, there are a few that will mess with you, if they
spot you. Usually it is to protect something, to keep you
out of something, or to influence you to do something.
I could go into all the various kinds, but that is a project
in and of itself. The only thing important for the
purposes of this dissertation is the awareness that they
are out there, and that while it is rare that they interact
with this world, it can and does happen.

Ks ) yrs ras vrs \

Some of them have more direct purposes. The ones
you would consider extradimensional creatures are usu-
ally able to exist because of a following they attract.
That can be dangerous. Such cults are often responsible
for mass rural and urban slayings and other crimes. If
these spirits amass large followings, their power can be
something to reckon with.

Dealing with spirits is a two-edged sword for many
mages. A mage who's familiar with them can make
quite a career of it. Spirits can offer advice and powers
that aren't easily duplicated with a limited knowledge
of the Spheres. On the other hand, they're also very
touchy and demanding. Mages who don't know what
they're doing should just be polite and try not to anger
them: Spirits not only have their own power, but they
have a tendency to go to larger spirits for help.


oe Qo S08 Be soo, |
S08 oo T Bone Sppft 0% 5°08, |


CERAM AM A A

By While most of thisbook coversdocuments _ ones included here are all totally optional. Some can
4 that mightbe found byamage orcouldjust add greater depth to a character, some open new doors,
ay be advice for players and Storytellers — and some can be abused by unscrupulous players. And

1 your choice — this section covers game- be warned: A few further revelations can be found in
tules-related material. Like any rules, the some of these ideas!

ApreNDIx: A LITTLE Tlacic 109
I 1
TE a Baba! my

eat | diy
" i

B hd® 99 La Z
SAW Y ES GEES a EEL SHES Taba ME yy My
diay 44 place. cet


nee al So you've seen the Avatar Storm in Mage,
se iM and you're scratching your head, thinking,
3 "How the heck does this apply to my game?"
y i It's no wonder. The Storm is a rather
ps i] sudden manifestation and it caught mages

ptt fi quite off-guard. It also behaves in ways

that no other magical manifestations have
me }§| done in the past, so it's creating no end of
havoc in the mages' World of Darkness.
However, the effects of the Storm are really up to
the Storyteller to interpret, as always. Perhaps the most
important facet is to look at what you want the Storm
to accomplish in your game. In Mage, the Storm has
multiple effects, but the Storyteller needs to pick and
choose what she wants to showcase. That choice, in
turn, describes how the Storm affects the world (if,
indeed, the Storyteller uses it at all).

FLENSED SHARDS ©F POW/ER

First off, a look at what the Storm is all about. As a
result of the events in the Reckoning, several nuclear
weapons of various powers were detonated — some in
the spirit world, some in the material. An ancient city
in the lands of the dead was destroyed, and a terrible
Maelstrom erupted in the Underworld. Its screaming
winds blasted apart the ruined civilizations that ghosts
had built from their memories.

When the Sixth Great Maelstrom fired off, its force
was sufficient to propel spirits across the Shroud. Some
ghosts wound up taking bodies in the physical world.
Weak ones animated the corpses of dead animals or
people, becoming zombie-like drones. Stronger-willed
ghosts actually took over bodies completely and gained
anew lease on existence, sometimes even shoving out
the still-living psyches and replacing them altogether.
However, various ghosts weren't the only spirit
pieces that were shoved through the Gauntlet. Raw
spiritual energy surged across various domains. Com-
bined with the powers released when the Digital Web
crashed, when Doissetep burned and when Concordia
fell, too much stress was placed on the Tapestry. Pieces
frayed, twisted and snapped. The whirling, jagged blasts
of spiritual energy literally shredded and crumpled
multiple Avatars — some on Sleepers, some on others;
some, perhaps, that remained free souls. Given spiritual
impetus by the Maelstrom and other powerful forces in
motion, the howling pieces of semi-aware magical
energy circled the globe with the ferocity of hypersonic
chunks of metaphysical glass.

110 THE BITTER Reap

Kisdin qh

Ad

|

eee) 1 ae eS

ea "apa

End result? Mages who cross the Gauntlet or the
Shroud find their own Avatars battered and slashed by
these pieces. In some cases, exceptionally unfortunate
mages have pieces of their own Avatars broken off to
fly, screaming, into the winds. Magical Effects cannot
protect against this Storm — magic that settles in the
Gauntlet is itself subjected to this sandblasting. As the
mage tugs at the Tapestry, his grasp is flensed by the
Avatar Storm. Just the action of trying to shield himself
draws down the dangerous energies.

Ultimately the storm has the following effects:

© Mages who cross the Gauntlet or Shroud take
damage based on their own enlightenment, as de-
scribed in Mage, p. 188. This damage applies even if the
mage is just reaching across partially.

© Otherenlightened constructs crossing the Gaunt-
let or Shroud also take damage. That is, a Wonder
(which has its own Arete rating) also rolls for damage
using its Arete. This damage applies to the Wonder
directly, and it may destroy it—Storyteller's discretion
as to how much damage a Talisman can take.

¢ Entities thatdon't have Awakened Avatars in the
mage sense — such as shapeshifters and sorcerers —
don't suffer from the Avatar Storm.

© Spirits can still cross the Gauntlet or Shroud
subject to their normal limitations. They don't neces-
sarily enjoy it, and most need special powers to do so,
but the Storm does little more than give them the
equivalent of a few psychic nicks and scratches.

© Mages who build magical Effects specifically
inside the Gauntlet — a Gauntlet trap with Spirit, for
instance, or an attempt at a metaphysical shield against
the Storm— roll for damage as if reaching across or into
the Gauntlet.

¢ Effects designed to penetrate the Gauntlet, but
launched from one side (say, a Mind message or a
Forces Effect that shoots across from one Realm to
another) are distorted by the Storm. If the mage builds
the Effect purely in one location (say, the material
world), he avoids getting dinged by the Storm, but his
Effect will be damaged as it crosses. In general, the
Storyteller counts the Effect as if it's altered by five
dots of Storm-Tainted Resonance. Therefore, the Ef-
fect rarely does what it was originally designed to do,
often fizzles, may only work with partial strength and
may hang or get lost in the Storm only to erupt later.
In other words, it does whatever the Storyteller thinks
would be appropriately random.

the ve


In general, the more localized the Effect, the less it
suffers from distortion. A bolt of fire launched from the
physical world into the Umbral equivalent will be less
hampered than a message sent from the Deep Umbra to
Earth. The Storm is what causes Sendings — messages
sent across the Gauntlet by Masters out in the Umbra
— to wind up distorted, and they pick up pieces of
partial awareness and mind from Avatar-chunks. Some
eventually goon to interpret their emotional context in
strange ways.

There's one exception to the effects of the Storm:
Spirit Effects designed specifically to call spirit entities
are generally simple enough that they will get through
without too much interference. Once the spirit re-
sponds, commanding it is another matter. For this
reason, it's often a good idea to get the spirit to show up
and then to suck it up and take the damage from
reaching across the Umbra to bind it, instead of setting
the binding in motion on the material side and then
launching the spell into the Umbra. If a spirit uses
Materialize, of course, it's subject to whatever the mage
does on Earth — likewise, a mage who's already in the
Umbra has no problems dealing with a spirit there.

© Masters can remain on Earth. However, since
high-enlightenment mages suffer the greatest risk in
crossing the Gauntlet, and since healing aggravated
injury is tougher on Earth than in the Umbra, most
Masters who are in the Umbra opt to stay there. Noth-
ing prevents players' characters from becoming new
Masters. Archmages in particular find the crossing
particularly lethal, and since their own magic tends to
be highly Paradoxical on Earth, none remain on this
world (unless the Storyteller specifically wants one).

© Anyone whoactually crosses the Gauntlet leaves
a trace of the passage that's detectable to people with
Spirit magic. This is why it's really risky to cross back
into Earth. Not only is it very difficult to heal the
damage suffered, but the mage risks drawing the atten-
tion of other Spirit practitioners who want to see
what's dropped through. It is known that the
Technocracy's Earth-bound Void Engineers use early
warning Dimensional Science systems to alert them to
crossings, and so Tradition mages particularly are at
risk of giving away their positions and getting hunted
down. Such spiritual "gaps" remain sensible until
sunrise or sunset (whichever comes first), and they
can usually be detected at a distance proportional to
the Gauntlet in the area. Busting through a high-
Gauntlet location would make ripples for several miles,
while crossing at a powerful Node might only cause
ripples for a few feet. These waves don't make subse-
quent crossings any easier, unfortunately.

ono grr
Lf ' \

are e bl sve.

i

Uae i
echt ig

© Some Nodes have Shallowings, places where the
Umbra and the material touch directly. At such natural
gates, it's possible to cross safely without the usual
dangers of the Storm. Indeed, people without Spirit
magic can sometimes use these points to cross. Natu-
rally, such places are hotly contested properties.

© The Merit: Stormwarden, presented in Mage, may.
allow mages to cross the Gauntlet safely. This Merit
applies to anything the mage wears or carries, including
Wonders. The high-value version of the Merit might
let the mage shield an entire group of people or a small
vehicle.

USING AND ABUSING
THE STORM

So, what does the Storm mean for your game? Only
as much as your Storyteller wants it to. The Storm can
just be a background element, it can be a plot hook, or
it might not exist at all.

What's important is to use the Storm only inas-
much as you want to integrate various Mage plot
elements. If you like the idea of keeping the Masters in
the Umbra, making spirit travel difficult and basically
centering the game around the characters on Earth, the
Storm is a neat device. However, it's not the only
possible device, and you can easily mess with it in a few
ways to suit the themes of your game.

For instance, you might decide that the Storm is
really more of a Maelstrom-wind incarnation that
whacks everybody who crosses the Gauntlet, including
shifters and spirits. Deciding thus makes the game
focus much more on the material world, and it makes
fights for Shallowings that much rougher. Or you
could decide to do away with the Storm altogether, in
order to come up with your own reason for banishing
most of the Masters. Maybe some grand convocation
in the Umbra requires their attendance, or maybe all
Masters are called away to fight some menace at the
edge of the universe.

The Storm is only as important as you decide to let
it be thematically.

THE PLAYERS PERSPECTIVE

Although the Storyteller decides mostly how the
Storm impacts the game world, players shouldn't feel
left out in the cold. The nature of the Storm will tell a
lot about what you can expect out of the game.

Inthe core version of the Storm, players' characters
can't count on the Masters to help, and they can't risk
lots of trips to the Umbra. Therefore, fighting in the
material world and taking responsibility for your own

11

APPENDIx: A LITTLE ITIAGIC
wr Bol
reba yy MR ATE

bo RPL ne wy

pe * |

yr
diql.


actions becomes more important, since characters have
no mentor to rush in and save them. Mages in these
games should expect to take up leadership roles in their
Traditions and to have to go through all the sorts of
crises described previously in this book. A character
can be really important with the Stormwarden Merit, or
if she has a significant library, a mentor who is still an
Earthbound Master, or good Leadership and Expression
skills to take the reigns of a Tradition and train new
Apprentices. Mage is a gritty, down-to-Earth game
where the mages will have to deal alternately with the
mundane world and with the magical world's intrusion
on their material lives.

If you still want to tell a story in the Umbra,
though, that's quite possible. Once a group is in the
Umbra, the Storm itself is less of a concern (although
the Maelstrom in the Underworld is still dangerous).
If you work up a good Node in your character's back-
ground — or if he just has a decent handle on Life and
Spirit magic — you can drag the group around in the

Umbra without having to worry, as long as you don't
need to come back to Earth too often. There's still
room for spaceships and Umbraships and strange
Realms, if you want to go that route.

For those who dislike the entire concept, you've
just established a quest for your mage. Naturally, mages
are less-than-pleased with this total destructiveness in
the spirit world. Many want to find ways around it, or
ways to fix the entire problem. A mage character could
spend his days trying to extend a Shallowing, trying to
find some way to make an effective shield that isn't
warped by the Storm, or building a device to make
passage safe — or even go on an epic quest to try to end
the Storm completely. Any of these motivations are
suitable for an entire chronicle's worth of play!

Like any other plot device, the Storm is there to
further enjoyment of the game, to emphasize certain
story elements and to show the world in motion. It's
only important inasmuch as it contributes to the fun
of your game.

ADDITIONAL BACKGR®UNDS

Mages spend a lot more time in human
society these days than they used to. With
‘| the Umbra even more dangerous than
ever, most mages choose to spend a lot of
time on Earth. The end of the Ascension
War also causes many mages to turn away
from their Traditional avenues of warfare,
to pay attention to their friends and fam-
ily. Asaresult, many mages have escalating
standing in everyday mortal society. Many find the
tools of the mortal world useful in ways that they hadn't
before envisioned, while others are just happy to have
some semblance of a normal life.

Just about any mage can benefit from the additional
Backgrounds described here or from the new applica-
tions of Backgrounds included.

DIFFERENTIAL BACKGR®UNDS

Although the Backgrounds in Mage give charac-
ters a wide range of options, sometimes it makes sense
for a character to have multiple, different versions of
the same thing. For instance, a character might have a
small group of fairly average allies, as well as one very
powerful ally. To represent such gradations, you can use
differential Backgrounds.

In brief, when you take a Background for your
character, you specify exactly what sort of circumstances
generate the Background. Three dots of Contacts could

ane = BITTER ReaD

ge "spa rh

bea large network or one very well-informed individual,
while five dots of Wonder might be an extremely potent
magical item or a bunch of smaller ones. Each Back-
ground is purchased separately. Thus, your mage might
have two different instances of the same Background:
Allies ¢# © to represent a small gang, plus Allies ¢¢* to
represent a potent mystical companion.

Differential Backgrounds are, of course, only ap-
propriate for social or material Backgrounds. A mage
can't have two different Avatar Backgrounds without
some sort of very strange story! However, a character
could have two separate Resources (for different in-
comes) or three different types of Influence (in different
parts of society).

Usually, purchasing a high level in a Background is
more efficient, but it can sometimes be useful to have
many smaller, different forms of a Background instead.
For instance, you might want your mage to have mul-
tiple different alternate identities, so that if one is
compromised, the others remain secure. Or he might
have aset of individual wonders, which is harder to steal
or destroy than a single item.

The limits on differential Backgrounds come at the
Storyteller's discretion. Although a Background is usu-
ally limited to five dots, different instances of the same
Background don't count against one another. A char-
acter could have two five-dot alternate identities if you
wanted to shell out enough points.


ALTERNATE IDENTITY

The cop scrutinized the papers and frowned. Enrique
waited patiently. He kept his hands on the steering wheel,
looked straight ahead and exuded a combination of boredom
and slight anxiety. More than once, the police officer peered
up at Enrique, but he said not a word. At length he returned
to his squad car to do a little checking by computer.

Minutes ticked by as Enrique continued waiting. If
necessary, he could simply cloud the cop's mind, but doing
so without getting shot, while using a bone rattle and some
ululating chants, would've proven difficult. Instead, he
simply let the officer run the papers.

After a good 20 minutes, the police officer returned to
the car and handed him the paperwork.

"Sorry about the delay," the cop apologized. "Be care-
ful; the man we're hunting is still out there."

Enrique nodded and restarted his car. Aside from a
superficial resemblance, there was nothing in the papers to
tie him to Xoca, Traditionalist and terrorist.

Your mage has managed to get something very
useful in a world where the Technocracy tracks people
by paperwork: a fully supported secondary identity. The
character may have anything from a fake driver's li-
cense to a complete set of alternate documents of the
sort that might be made by the witness protection
program. You should specify how your character came
across these documents. Did he hack a government
computer system? Did he buy a set of forgeries? Did he
happen across someone with a similar name and face?
The means by which the character acquired the iden-
tity also lend some idea of how strong it is and how it
might be removed. A forged set of papers can be
compromised if the forger talks. A hacked computer
record can be traced, especially with technomagic. A
coincidental resemblance to another individual can be
dug up with enough work.

By itself, an alternate identity provides only lim-
ited benefits. The mage can use the identity to buy
things, get email accounts, register, get licenses and so
on. However, an alternate identity is more useful if
additional Backgrounds are stacked with it. An alter-
nate identity might also have the Resources Background
attached —the mage gets an income, but it traces to the
identity — or perhaps Certification, allows the mage to
practice law under the guise of a different person.
(Naturally, you can't stack a mystical Background like
Arcane or Avatar with Alternate Identity.)

The level of the Alternate Identity Background
determines both how much you can stack on it — a
flimsy identity can only support so much paperwork —
as well as the difficulty in penetrating the identity

vi

ral t, vr

rt ER + Vatyb pe oe

y taitig qr ni

(usually something like Intelligence + Investigation,

difficulty of Alternate Identity rating +3). An Alternate

Identity can support up to its own rating in additional

Backgrounds.

xX No alternates: You're just yourself.

° A fake driver's license that looks like your
character in bad light, maybe with asex change.

ee Asomewhatsloppy fake I.D., perhaps with one
supporting document.

eee A reasonable set of identification papers, ca-
pable of fooling most routine checks.

eeee Anestablished identity that could go with the

character to the grave.

eeeee A fully supported identity, complete with his-
tory, full government documentation, alibis
and witnesses.

CERTIFICATION

The SWAT team had been an unexpected surprise, but
Cam didn't really mind them. He'd taken steps to cover this
eventuality.

Although the neighbors had complained, the police had
dropped in, and the SWAT team had been called, there was
little they could do. It got the message across. That message
was, "I have the means to take care of my territory. I can use
it, and you can't stop me."

The SWAT captain simply gazed in wonder at Cam's
little collection. He seemed especially impressed by the .50
caliber machine gun.

"The wonders of aClass-C weapons license," Cammused.

The SWAT captain shook his head. "We don't even
have anything that big."

Your character has passed muster with the officials
of some large Sleeper organization that has deemed him
fit to hunt wild game, drive trucks, practice law or
medicine, carry a concealed weapon, perform marriages
or dispose of hazardous waste. Some certifications and
clearances are more difficult to obtain than others,
requiring years of study and lengthy exams. Others —
such as driver's licenses and hunting permits — can be
obtained by high school students who've read a book,
taken a class and passed a simple test. Certificates and
licenses that merely require the filing of a few forms and
the payment of a registration fee — such as fishing
licenses and mail-order ministries — are free.

Unless your character has bribed or otherwise ob-
tained his certification illicitly, you must take as many
dots in the corresponding Ability as the cost of the
Background. Thus, your character needs two points of
Drive to be a licensed trucker, and four points of Medi-
cine or Law to be a board-certified doctor or lawyer.

APPENDIX: Pa Lite IMacic
wre "pie ati
(# 3

113


Youcan combine the Certification Background with
Alternate Identity to indicate a character who has papers
in more than one persona.

While this Background does not imply any actual
savings (take the Resources Background for that), it
does open the door to generating income through the
use of a licensed practice. Thus, a licensed doctor can
use the Medicine Ability to earn money, as part of the
story. This tactic works best if it's roleplayed, as the
character stakes out a practice and develops a career.
With magic helping out, the mage is almost certain to
have a popular practice. Of course, doing so carries its
own dangers...

° Hunting license, daycare permit, passport from
an open country

ee Teaching certificate, security officer firearm's
permit, bail bondsman, CPA, trucker's license,
notary public

eee Concealed weapons permit, hazardous waste
disposal, church-ordained priest or minister

cece

Class-C weapons license, board-certified doc-
tor or lawyer, commercial airline pilot's license
eee Diplomatic immunity, license to kill

FAME

Grinning facetiously, Jules signed the book with a bit of
a flourish. He hadn't thought that anyone actually owned
copies of his old novel any more — much less that it had
actually acquired a fan base.

As the bubbling fan complimented him on his charac-
terization and tone, he let his gaze wander across the bar to
the men on the other side. He hadn't used his privileges as a
writer before, but in some exclusive clubs, they respected
that sort of thing.

Nodding once more to the fan, he made a dismissive
comment and turned to the bartender. The man alertly
waited for his order.

"Scotch and soda on the rocks... and who are those folks
over there?" he asked casually.

The bartender filled the order while answering, "Just
some publishing guys, looking for ‘new talent.' You know,
the next up-and-comer." He paused. "You want I should
introduce you?"

Jules shook his head. "No, I think my name will stand
on its own."

Since Awakening can strike anyone, it may well
flash down on someone who's not just the next guy
on the street. Indeed, many Traditions claim credit
for various luminaries throughout history (and the
Technocratic Conventions claim equally many). Al-
though nobody can really state with certainty now

whether Siddharta Gautama, Jim Morrison or Albert
Einstein were mages, there is nothing stopping oth-
ers like them from Awakening.

Your mage enjoys widespread recognition in mor-
tal society, perhaps as an entertainer, writer or athlete.
People may enjoy just being seen with her. Being
famous gives her all manner of privileges in the
mundane world, but it can also attract unwanted
attention. People watch her, drawing the interest of
both Paradox and the Technocracy, but by the same
token, she is viewed as something more than human.
People who would drop their dentures to see a Seven
Dragons Spin Kick would believe it if Bruce Lee did
it (aside from the reports of his death), and no one
will blink if David Copperfield decides to fly through
the air or walk through walls. Similarly, it's harder
for the Technocracy and others to just make your
mage disappear, since they must weigh the trouble
caused by one famous iibermensch versus a thousand
conspiracy theories. The powers that be may not like
her, but they will tolerate her, and as long as she
doesn't do anything too over the top, the Men in
Black may just let her off with a warning.

This Background is obviously a mixed blessing. You
can certainly enjoy the privileges of your character's
prestige — getting the best seats, being invited to
events you'd otherwise miss, getting appointments with
the elite — but your character is also often recognized
when she'd rather not be. Fame also fluctuates. Today's
Flavor-of-the-Month becomes tomorrow's has-been.
You need to tell your Storyteller what you're doing to
stay famous, since you can't rest on your laurels forever
without the tales and stories fading.

In game terms, you can sometimes use an appro-
priate Social Trait + Fame to lean on your image, and
gain entry to exclusive clubs and parties, score inter-
views or hobnob with the elite. Fame can help in
getting jobs and in keeping up your other Back-
grounds. Plus, if your character is famous, it's easier
for him to exert his influence. Additionally, your
Storyteller might permit you to reduce difficulties of
Social rolls against particularly star-struck or impres-
sionable people. In some circumstances, your mage
might be able to get away with a little bit of magic as
if it were coincidental, because Sleepers might be-
lieve that he could actually do it the "trick" in
question. As long as your character's public image
plays into the magic in question (a martial arts star
using magic-enhanced unarmed combat, a singing
sensation shattering glass or entrancing people and
so on), he can get away with it.

1


ioe Ora os eee |e eee

Just another average Jane or Joe.

° Your mage is known to a select subculture —
local club-goers or science-fiction fans, for in-
stance. Or her laurels are severely faded, as
would be the case with a former child star or an
Olympic medal winner from 50 years past.

oe A majority of the local populace recognizes
your character's face. She's a local celebrity
such asa news anchor, or anational celebrity of
minor interest, such as a new author.

eee = Your character has statewide renown. Perhaps

she's a state senator or minor star of local

interest, or a bit-actor on several television
shows. People don't know hername, but they've
seen her on TV.

Nationally famous. Everybody knows some-

thing about your character.

Your character is an internationally famous
and current media icon.

RANK

Mark thumbed the identification carefully. The pic-
ture still resembled him (mostly), and although it didn't
give him credentials for everything, it would at least give
him a chance.

Holding the card out, he strolled casually into the
building. One of the guards spared a glance but little more.
His old military 1.D. might be out of date, but it still served.

Stepping into the building, Mark tossed off a casual
salute to a quickly straightening private, then stepped
back to the armory. Sure, he didn't have the papers, but
nobody here had enough rank to question him if he pushed
the issue...

Your character is somewhere in the hierarchy of a
large and powerful Sleeper organization with extensive
resources, countless members of the rank and file, and
even more members of the lay public who follow its
proceedings and decisions. The organization may be a
large military force, royalty of a country that still
respects it, an organized religion, a national govern-
ment, a publishing empire, an Ivy League Uni
Fortune 500 company or any other orga
sufficient size and influence. Whatever your choice,
membership does have its privileges, as well as its
responsibilities. The higher your character's rank, the
bigger his expense account and privileges (although
you will have to justify both), the greater his
secure areas and private resources, and the larger his
responsibility and the demands on his time. It is pos-
sible to go beyond five dots, but doing so is not generally
advisable. The German Chancellor, the King of Swe-

ess to

AprenDix: A LitTie Macic 115

ut Ht oy we 4
A eT Le eT

marl


den and the Pope can't just walk into a bar, regardless

of the jokes to the contrary, and while the Caliph of

Bagdad supposedly snuck out dressed as a peasant, these

aren't the days of the Arabian Nights.

Then again, your mage's rank is only known within.
that organization, and perhaps to those members of the
lay public who respect it, not the great unwashed
Masses. Even an archbishop or a general can go to the
supermarket and not be recognized as long as he does it
away from his local area. If your character wants to be
recognized outside of his sphere of influence, pur-
chase the Fame background. (If you want him to be @
Archbishop Whatshisface, purchase Arcane.)

Note that, although your organization may have
access to Influence and Resources, your mage can only
pull on a limited amount of those Backgrounds. You
can generally use your character's rank to pull for
influence or resources equal to half the Rank Back-
ground rating at any time, and you'll have to justify to
the organization the use of such material. If you pur-
chase the Resources and Influence Backgrounds
independently of this one, then your mage has his own
income and pull, which his rank merely supplements.
Thus, a colonel in the U.S. Army should have some
Resources to represent his regular paycheck — the use
of his rank would represent calling on the army for
special, additional materials. The sorts of assets avail-
able will vary with the organization, at the discretion of
the Storyteller. A member of the school board can't get
assault weapons through the PTA, and an army officer
isn't likely to have huge influence over local school
policies.

Note specifically that Rank does not apply to one's
standing within mage society, which is a function
primarily of Status. However, an important rank (a
churchman in the Celestial Chorus, for instance) may
impress some members of certain Traditions. Certain
ranks may also require additional supporting Back-
grounds. One cannot be an archbishop in the Church
without also possessing a certification as a priest, unless
the rank is honorary or falsified in some fashion.

X No Rank: The only organization to which you
belong is your Tradition, Convention or Craft
— if that.

° Novice: army sergeant, squire, deacon, school
board member, junior reporter, visiting lec-
turer, junior manager

ee Low Rank: junior officer, knight, prior, city
councilor, beat reporter, new professor, se-
nior manager

eee ~~ Medium Rank: captain, baron, abbot, mayor, local
columnist, tenured professor, director of marketing

116 ‘THE BITTER R@EAD

fy ery
eal Dau

wig caved tp
betl t : ‘


eeee High Rank: major, count, bishop, governor,

syndicated columnist, faculty departmenthead,

junior vice-president

eee Command Staff: general, prince, archbishop,
senator, national news correspondent, dean,

senior vice-president

RETAINERS

The servant removed the coat from the banister and
brushed it carefully before hanging it in the coat closet.
Anastasz headed up the circling staircase as the servant
headed toward the kitchen.

"Don't forget, I will need the full section from Chaldean
spiritualism in the upper tower this evening," Anastasz
called without turning back.

"Of course, sir," the servant demurred as he pulled the
pistol from its customary case in the closet. Checking the
action and making sure that the pistol was still functional,
the servant nodded to himself before shutting the closet and
making his way to the study. It never hurt to be prepared.

While allies are normal mortals who can be called
on to help out, and contacts offer up information,
retainers are mortals who are specifically devoted to the

mage in question. They may be on the payroll, they
might be mind-controlled, they might owe a specific
favor or debt that keeps them in servitude, or they
might just be stuck in the mage's house in the Umbra.
Whatever the case, retainers are fairly loyal, fairly
competent help who look out for the mage's needs,
make life comfortable and keep the home fires burning.
While retainers are rarely as skilled as allies or as
knowledgeable as contacts, they are on hand most of
the time to do dirty work directly for their magely
masters. Retainers can do everything from laundry to
wetwork. Of course, it's incumbent on you to work with
your Storyteller in determining how your mage came to
have these retainers, and how far they'll go. Remember,
not all retainers are totally loyal or competent — but
they can be a great help and an extra pair of hands.

X No retainers: You take care of business yourself.
° One retainer

oo Two retainers

eee = Three retainers

Four retainers
eeeee Five retainers

ADDITIONAL ITIERITS AND FLAW/S

Sy TRADITION HERALD
@ (2 PT. SeciaL IMleriT)

Your character has been recognized by
£ i the Traditions as a formal herald. He is
I granted safe passage in all Tradition terri-
i tory, such as Chantries and Nodes, and he
bi can expect hospitality from Tradition
mages. In the modern age, this hospitality
may just include crash space on a couch
anda meal from McDonald's, but it's enough to survive.

Your mage may be asked to carry messages physi-
cally, since magical methods can be detected and
intercepted while he can (theoretically) defend him-
self. Although you cannot expect to enter the inner
Sanctums of most Traditions, he can ask for audience
with their heads and expect to be heard (atsome point).
You can also expect passage into and through territory
that's special to a Tradition, such as admittance to a
historic Akashic monastery where other mages are
normally not permitted, for instance.

Furthermore, any Traditionalist who attacks your
character except in self-defense is subject to censure
and branding. If your character aggravates the attack

L

i a ely ur pet a
TWEE SWOPE SEL dhe YE Ls
1, SSS, Chey 4"; § ras he ae ce

sy sae!

(taunting someone until he attacks), he may also be
stripped of his position and branded. In general, how-
ever, he's safe from direct fighting among the
Traditions. A herald can still be challenged to
certémen, though. He can speak the truth freely or
even insult people in a diplomatic capacity, but he'd
better make sure that he's right.

FACTION FOUNDER (4: PT. S@CIAL ITIERIT)

Your character has broken with Tradition and
founded her own faction. Several acolytes pay heed to
her beliefs, she can get recognition asa political force in
her Tradition, and she can train Apprentices with her
special area of concern.

In game terms, you get a one-point bonus on Social
rolls within your mage's own Tradition. You get respect
(and sometimes fear) for paving new ground. When you
teach a newly Awakened Initiate, he learns your cho-
sen faction special Sphere in addition to your normal
Tradition specialty.

In story terms, your character probably has several
followers and maybe even some Apprentices (take
Backgrounds as appropriate). She can start a Chantry

APPENDIX: A LITTLE IT1AGic

eels
Sy MAIER Ua Babi
va FM tay es

117

be pe tee
LAs ae G re | ‘ee


Backgrounds as appropriate). She can start a Chantry
and be recognized, and her faction will live on in the
annals of Tradition history!

Obviously, this Merit is a great hook for political
chronicles.

PR@TEAN PsYCHE(# PT. IMENTAL ITERIT)

Like the stonecutter in the old Chinese folktale,
your character has been a deer, a tiger, the rain, the
wind, a rock and a stonecutter. Or at least, if she
hasn't been all these things, she can easily imagine
being all these things, and imagination is the most
important thing.

If your mage is ever placed in a different body, the
experience is perfectly natural. A man? Fine. A woman?
Of course. A stoat? No problem. A 50-headed, 20-
horned, million-tentacled thingy, like something from
Japanese anime as reinterpreted by St. John the Baptist?
Sure, sounds good.

If your mage is a shapechanger or a body-snatcher,
or even a Virtual Adept who changes his icons on the
Digital Web frequently, this Merit is almost a necessity.
The alternative is to be faced with an unfamiliar body
each time, or live existence with a limited catalog of
familiar forms (see Mage: The Ascension p. 171). As
an added benefit, you do not need to make Willpower
checks when sighting Progenitor monstrosities, horrors
from the Deep Umbra, Crinos-form werewolves or
Tzimisce Zulo forms because you've been there. Or at
least your character's imagination has.

ANACHRONISITI (I T@ 3-PT. MENTAL FLAW)

Your mage was raised in another time, and she
hasn't quite caught up to the present. Maybe she
traveled forward (or backward) in time, or sideways
froma parallel universe. Maybe the Awakening made
her recall one of her past lives so vividly that she
thinks she's supposed to be in 10th century Egypt. Or
maybe she's from one of the few quaint backwaters of
the present day, and everything in the modern west-
ern world might as well be Mars for all the sense it
makes to her.

For one point, the character is just a little out of
sync. Pick any decade from the 20th or 21st century,
excepting those on both sides of the current one, and set
your attitudes and beliefs accordingly. For two points,
pick any decade in the 18th or 19th century (or 22nd or
23rd). For three points, pick any decade from the 17th
century or before, or any particularly well-insulated
backwater of the present day (if any still exist), or just
some totally weird social behavioral construct. The

tie9 pecHeaetsy reghig vt !

character has a two-point difficulty penalty when deal-
ing with anything outside this cultural identity. Thus,
acharacter used to the 1800s has trouble with comput-
ers, but he understands light bulbs; a character from a
hypothetical 23rd-century parallel universe mighthave
trouble with telephones, which never existed in her
world experience!

This Flaw can be bought off over time and with
roleplaying. However, in the mean time, culture shock
can be fun.

DISTORTED IMAGE
(I-PT. SUPERNATURAL FLAW)

Your character's image does not do what it's sup-
posed to; that is, look like her. Her shadow may make
obscene gestures behind her back or show the form of
her alter-shape, and her reflection pulls faces at her
from the mirror or reveals to her companions that she
is, in reality, adragon ora vacationing: extradimensional
horror. Worse yet, this trouble extends to all audio-
visual equipment and any likeness created by particularly
talented artists. However, since said artists have prob-
ably already seen the mage for what she really is (or
imagines herself to be), this Flaw isn't as much of a
problem as the mall security cameras showing that
Shiva the Destroyer is in Housewares, Aisle 6.

HoRRIFYING (¥ PT. PHYSICAL FLAW)

Something about your character's appearance in-
spires horror, like the man-beast form of the werewolf
or the monstrous beasts of legend or the raw circuitry
and wires of a HIT Mark with its synth-flesh torn off.
You may not use Social Traits (except for Intimida-
tion), except in regards to other characters who are
horrifying in the same way or those who cannot see
what makes your character so disturbing.

However, appearance isn't everything. The beetles
crawling through the decaying hole in your character's
chest can be covered up with a nice thick turtleneck
and cloven hooves can be stuffed into ordinary cowboy
boots. (Remember all the strikes Wilbur Whately had
going against him and what a snappy dresser he was!)
Therefore, your character can generally disguise what-
ever makes him horrifying (with a successful Wits +
Subterfuge roll) and present an ordinary or even hand-
some human face to the rest of the world, depending on
his exact problem.

Obviously, if this trait is easily disguised and worked
around, then this Flaw is pretty worthless. Storytellers
should make sure that social interaction forces the
mage to deal with the consequences of this Flaw.

pada eaalt


TERRITORIAL (2-PT, IMENTAL FLAW)

Your mage is extremely protective of his Chantry, his
sanctum, and everything he considers his. The character
is distrustful of strangers and ridiculously overprotective of
guests. He flips out ifhe finds out that anyone's been in his
room, or worse yet, messing with his stuff, and he goes
overboard on security measures, warding and so forth.
Your mage has probably locked his magic books so tightly
shut that he's forgotten how to open them, and friends and

Chantry-mates have to deal with the fallout from this
behavior. If he's shy, this behavior becomes even worse.
The mage goes out of his way to avoid people, and he
closets himself away like a hermit.

Any time someone violates your mage's "stuff"
(steals one of his possessions, enters his place uninvited
while he's there, messes with his familiar), you must
expend a Willpower point or else your mage automati-
cally flies into a rage and seeks retribution.

file
Ms!

THE R®AD T@ ASCENSION IS LONG

A mage faces many perils on the path to enlightenment. The
Technocracy, the Nephandi, the creatures from outside our universe,
even the missteps of hubris and Paradox all wait to crush an upstart
mage. Even the personal choice of magic is endangered; in these
perilous days, the Disciples are the last bastion of the Traditions.
Ascension awaits the wise and valiant, but is there magic enough left
in the world?

AND THE J@URNEY IS A BITTER ONE

The end of the Ascension War sees the exile of the Traditions'
Masters and the destruction of the ways of magic held dear for ages.
Now, only the Disciples — the experienced yet imperfect practitioners
of magic — remain to shepherd the Masses and the Apprentices.
Examine their war as they take leadership among mages and cast the
fate of the Traditions. Explore their deeds in the rise and fall of new
Chantries and cabals. Become the future of Mage.

GAMES FOR MATURE MINDS
ISBN 1-56504-407-X
Www4044 917

WORLD of a OF | I! |

DARKNESS RVGATONS
