# File: Dreams and Nightmares.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Credits Special Thanks

eo ae

Written by: R.S. Martin, Neil Mick, Jim Moore Special thanks to Earth Jonathan Bennett, intern
Developed by: Ian Lemke extraordinaire, whose input on this book was invaluable.
Edited by: Ed Hall Also thanks to Laurah Norton whose constant help and

assistance will be sorely missed. Don't worry, we won't put up

Art Director: Aileen Miles -
any mean notes about you now that you're gone.

Layout and Typesetting: Robby Poore

Art: Steve Ellis, "Internationally acclaimed illustrator" Jeff
Holt, Ryan Kelly, Matthew Mitchell, Paul Phillips, Steve Prescott

Front Cover Art: Michael Gaydos

Front and Back Cover Design: Robby Poore

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
CANE STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
poses of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub-
lishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Dreams and Nightmares, and
Nobles the Shining Host are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolfand
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.


ATR

Contenzs

Incroduccion: A Guideco the Dreaming 4
Chapcer One: The Neadr.Dreaming 20
Chapzer Two: The Far Dreaming 34
Chapzer Three: The Deep Dreaming 50
Chapcer Four: Realms of Incerese 62
Chapzer Five: Hearch and Highway 92
Chapcer Six: Dangers of che Dreaming 104

Appendix


Magda gazed at her creation with a blend of appreciation and
skepticism. It was a fine looking vehicle, to be sure, but she had her
doubts. With as little time as she'd had to build the contraption with
her other nocker friends, she just hoped it would hold together.

Mailanka grinned at her, his even teeth flashing brightly in
contrast with his ebony skin. The eshu had a handsome smile, and
Magda thought about whether or not she could sculpt a bust of him
that was half as fair. Probably not, she decided.

"Well?" she asked, her coarse voice sending streamers of smoke
from her cigar. "Are you planning on looking at the ship all day, or
are you going to load it up properly?"

The eshu smiled again and gripped two of their bags in his
muscular arms. "You've done a wonderful job, Magda. The
Dreamcatcher is as fine a vessel as I've ever seen."

Magda wanted to swell with pride, but being a nocker she
wouldn' tallow herself the luxury. Instead, she glowered and huffed.
"Save your praise until we see if the blasted thing is skyworthy. I
don't want compliments on the looks of a ship, but on her perfor-
mance,"

The booming voice that answered her comments came from
someone other than Mailanka. For a moment, Magda was afraid
Bloody Nick had found them already. "If I doubted your ability,
Magda, I'd have long since embarked on this quest." Magda turned
to face Sven, as he hoisted a box of rations onto his shoulder. Sven
grunted under the weight, which didn't surprise her; it had taken the

combined efforts of Magda, Mailanka and Dmitri the satyr to push
the crate across the stone floor. "What did you put in here, Magda,"
Sven wheezed, "your anvil and forge?"

"No. Just the forge. I figured the anvil might be too heavy."
Sven stared at her with wide eyes, until she shook her head. "I'm
joking. It's extra sails and a keg of elderberry wine. The sails because
you can't be too careful and the wine just because." Magda almost
made a comment about waiting for Mug to show up, but she cleared
her throat instead. Mumpoker Uruisig Gruaghan, Mug to his
friends, was well ahead of them, wandering in the Dreaming and
searching for the cure to Lady Amelia's illness.

e@ @ @

Bloody Nick had done his work well when he cursed the Lady.
Her pallor was almost as bad as a sluagh's, and her skin was even
clammier. Magda had sat by her side, along with a dozen other
changelings, waiting for Mug to return with the cure for what ailed
Amelia. They'd already been waiting for six long days.

Magda turned away from everyone else, wanting no one to see
her at the verge of tears. Mug was only a redcap, and Lady Amelia
was a bit stuffy for her usual tastes, but both were Magda's friends,
and she wanted to keep them around for a long, long time. Absent
friends were the worst possible sort of friends to have. Amelia's only
hope lay in finding the Cup of Einhorn, which could cure any poison,
no matter how foul. And as for Mumpoker...well, he might just be
beyond hope. Almost no one ever came back after leavinga trod. The

Incroduction: A Guide co che Dreaming


Cel

a,
LD

>

ENS

VE

Dreaming was too dangerous, too unpredictable, for that.

And then there was Mortimer the sluagh. No one would have
known what had happened to Mug if it hadn't been for Mortimer.
Magda had never really cared for the pale changeling — until he'd
proved his worth. Against all odds, he'd returned from an encounter
with Bloody Nick and his gang of Unseelie fiends — only a little
worse for wear, but greatly saddened at the loss of his friend Mug.

Mug was a rarity in the world, a Seelie redcap. Unfortunately
for him, Bloody Nick and his bully boys were redcaps too. They
considered themselves "proper" redcaps and took the idea of a Seelie
member of their kith as a personal insult. When Mortimer had
‘returned to the freehold, he'd been wounded and weak. His pale skin
had been blotched with red and black bruises so deep, they looked as

She'd been lost in thought. Forgetting her usually gruff facade,
Magda patted Mailanka affectionately on his hand.

"We're ready to go, Magda."

"No time like the present. Let's get this show on the road." She
turned and walked up the gangplank. She stepped aboard The
Dreamcatcher and allowed herself a twinge of pride at the gentle
rocking of the airborne vessel. It'd taken five nockers to build the ship
so quickly, but the design was all Magda's and her pride was
warranted. The sleek, elegant ship bobbed ever so slightly with her
steps. "I'm glad you decided to come along, Mailanka. I've only
been beyond the Near Dreaming a few times."

The eshu smiled, as an almost dazed look clouded his eyes. "I've
been countless times, Magda. But it's always different. Don't count

if he had been struck with cold iron. Despite his pain, he'd told the
story of how Mug learned that Bloody Nick was behind Lady
Amelia's illness: In typical fashion, the redcap had beaten the truth
out of an ogre working with Bloody Nick. From what Mortimer said,
that fight alone had cost Mug dearly. Still, he hadn't waited for
reinforcements. He'd gone after Bloody Nick on his own. Mortimer
had trailed behind Mug, barely able to keep up with the injured
redcap.

on me to guide you safely. 1 can't make any promises about my
abilities. The Dreaming is ever-changing — and no two visits are
ever the same."

Magda looked at the eshu, and at the faces beyond his. Dmitri
smiled whimsically, already expecting a fabulous adventure. Sven
stared out at the sky beyond the freehold, his face unreadable. Walter
the boggan smiled nervously, but even his worried mind didn't stop
him from polishing the wooden railing with an oiled cloth. Some

1K

‘

S)

Ie''d taken Mug half a day more to learn that Bloody Nick was
in the Dreaming, anticipating the outcome of his schemes and
celebrating with his cohorts. Some time ago, Amelia, by thwarting
Nick's plan to frame Mug for amurder Nick had committed himself,
had injured the redcap's pride. Nick had a tendency to remember past
wrongs.

Mug disappeared for three days, and people began to talk. Some
claimed he'd finally succumbed to his baser instincts and joined the
Unseelie camp; some believed he was responsible for Amelia's
illness. Even Magda had begun to question where his loyalties lay,
a fact that filled her with a deep shame.

Mortimer returned around the time Lord Erin was contemplat-
ing what to do about Mug. The sluagh recounted Mug's pursuit of
his own kith into the Dreaming and how a pooka in Bloody Nick's
gang had convinced the redcap to leave the trod, which the pooka had
claimed was a trap. Mortimer had tried to call out a warning, but his
voice was too soft for Mug to hear. Before Mortimer could get closer,
Bloody Nick's cronies had attacked to prevent the sluagh from
warning Mug. The broken bones and wounds on Mortimer's body
were mute testimony to what the redcaps had done when they'd
discovered the sluagh. Only a few dozen steps away from the
shimmering Silver Road, Mug had vanished from sight. Moments
later, Bloody Nick himself had shown up. All Mortimer could say
was that the Unseelie redcap wasn't happy with what had happened
to Mug. He'd been wanting to whittle Mug down to size, and hated
losing the chance to do so. While Nick roared his anger at the fools
who'd let Mug fall away into the Dreaming, Mortimer had managed
to make good his escape.

And now, Magda and four others, all friends of Mug's, were
departing aboard a hastily built chimerical ship to find the redcap and
the Cup of Einhom.

Lo) Se @

Magda started when a hand touched her shoulder and pulled her

from contemplation. The hand was strong, warm and comforting.

Dreams and Nightmares

things are simply second nature.

Magda forced confidence into her voice as she tried to swallow
her own doubts about whether she could captain The Dreamcatcher.
"What are we waiting for? There's people to save and sights to see.
Let's be about it!"

Mailanka released the mooring ropes, and the ship began to rise
into the air. The warm, scented breeze of the Near Dreaming began
to fill the sails of the chimerical ship and pushed her deeper into the
world of Myth.

Magda watched the dock where they'd moored the ship and the
distant entrance to the freehold beyond grow smaller, and she
wondered what lay ahead.

An Incroduccion co the
Dreaming

I just closed my eyes again

climbed aboard the Dream Weaver's train.

Help me to get away from my worries of the day

help me forget today's pain

— Gary Wright, "Dream Weaver"

When we were children, the Dreaming was always near. We
knew, with complete and utter conviction, that there were mon-
sters hiding under the bed and lurking in our closets. We knew that
Santa Claus was coming to bring us gifts, even when we weren't
quite as good as we should have been. We knew that Halloween
would bring us candy and scares, and that, somewhere out there,
the real monsters were moving through the night, waiting tocatch
us alone in the chill of an Autumn evening.

As we grow older, the Dreaming becomes less real. The
beastie hiding in the closet is only the floorboards settling.
Santa is a lovely fantasy, but he brings gifts only to children.

Halloween is a fabulous excuse for a party, a chance to throw
eggsat doors or toilet-paper the home of the old biddy down the
street who always scowls when she sees you...and maybe a
chance to steal a kiss while pretending to be someone you
forgot you were going to be when you grew up. Paychecks,
taxes, bills and the remnants of half-forgotten wishes litter the
road ahead of us and behind. Somewhere along the way, we
forget the best parts, except when we're feeling sentimental
over a lukewarm beer. The Easter Bunny isn't quite as exciting
asa first kiss, and the feel of a lover's caress takes the place of
achill brought on by strange noises in the darkness.

We forget.

But the Dreaming still remembers.

Every imaginary friend a lonely child ever had wanders lost
in the Dreaming and wonders just what went wrong. All of
them long for a reunion with those special someones who gave
their existence meaning. The personification of endless mil-
lions of fantasies are there as well: The Girl Next Door every
boy pined for is in the Dreaming, perhaps keeping company
with the Handsome Prince who was supposed to take some girl
away froma world that no longer held the promise it had in the
"the good old days" of her youth.

Every childhood fear is there. The clown doll you had

ues 1997 =

when you were seven is waiting with knowing eyes and a grin
that promises secret terrors. The dog that bit you when you
were five is lurking in the confectionery grasses, and he's
several times bigger than you remember. The bully who took
your lunch money is still waiting to collect a few debts. The
faceless thing that slithered between your floorboards and
scratched at your window late at night is also in the Dreaming.
Then there's the shadowy form from the closet, still watching
you when no one else is around.

The Dreaming remembers, and it waits with bated breath.

Just what is the Dreaming? The Dreaming is an entity
created by the minds of people everywhere. The Dreaming is a
realm where every wish is a reality and every fear is a certainty.
It's a place that shouldn't exist but manages to be real just the
same: a place powered by the minds of every living being, a
world of its own, where legends still walk and demons are real.
The Dreaming is the chaotic landscape of the collective un-
conscious, haunted by wishes for pleasure and vengeance,
peopled by the stuff of myth and outlawed by the beliefs of the
masses.

Mortals visit the Twilight Realm when they sleep, adding
to the rich textures that exist in this irreality. But even when
awake, humans can add to the power of the Dreaming. While


mortals can't consciously visit the Dreaming, their hopes,
desires, dreads, and doubts all fuel the power of the Mythic
Realm. Evena mortal's daydreams affect the Dreaming, though
their impact is far less substantial. Mortal dreams created the
Dreaming in the first place. From the first fears of lightning that
our distant ancestors suffered, to the hopes that, one day,
humanity may expand beyond the Earth and visit the stars,
every mortal longing and fretful doubt adds to the potency of
the Dreaming.

The Dreaming is a place where no human can physically
set foot without assistance, despite the powerful influence
human minds have upon the landscape. Much of the Dreaming
changes constantly, a rough sea of turbulent, chaotic transfor-
mation without end. Here, chimera are born, often dying
within seconds. The fortunate ones escape from these great
Spawning Fields and move to more stable areas of the Dream-
ing. Some even flee into the mortal world. Although change-
lings have studied the Spawning Fields, they have no real
concept of exactly why these areas exist.

There was a time, long ago, when the Dreaming was a part of
the world and, simply by existing, it made the Earth a better place.
Human rationality changed all that. There were some among the
first humans who feared the unknown and sought to define what
they could not explain. The world was reconfigured by written
words and laws. The dragons and faeries were forced into the
Dreaming. The world separated into Realms of Myth and Flesh.
Changelings and mortals dwell in the world of Flesh — the
mundane world, where fact is fact and fantasy is a "waste of time."
The Dreaming is the world of Myth, where dreams are reality, and
reality is a passing whimsy. The two worlds are asunder now,
divided by beliefs and structured lives, by the conviction that
dreams are only for children. This cataclysmic event was so
powerful that the Dreaming itself actually shattered into smaller
fragments, known to most as the Dream Realms.

But the Dreaming is hardly without power. When we
sleep, we dream. And when we dream, we touch the Dreaming.
There is no escape. The Dreaming is inevitable, and when in
its grasp, mortals are truly powerless.

For the changelings, the Dreaming is a place of wonders
remembered and revisited. The Mythic Realm is a place of
power. Changelings carry a piece of the Dreaming within their
very souls and are connected to this realm of fantasy in ways
that mere humans can never comprehend.

The Kithain walk with one foot in the Realm of Flesh and
one in the Realm of Myth. For changelings, the Dreaming is
always available. They dress in clothes made of the stuff of
dreams and are empowered by the Dreaming's essence. Change-
lings call this dream essence Glamour, and it is what sets them
apart from the humans among whom they dwell. Glamour is
the very energy of dreams. It is as real as the changelings want
it to be, and it is their tool to use. With Glamour, Kithain can
create anything, provided they understand how to use the
Dreamstuff.

i
Qi

Sex|

Chimerical Realicy

Glamour infuses every part of a changeling's life, from
helping him remember his faerie nature to altering his percep-
tions of a world too grim for changelings to face without the aid
of dreams. The world seen by changelings is actually the same
world mortals see every day. The difference is simply their
ability to see the chimerical trappings that are invisible to
mortal eyes. Mortals see gray office buildings and traffic-
jammed streets. To changelings, those same cityscapes can.
appear as towering castles filled with colorful wagons. A crum-
bling, abandoned house becomes the majestic manor home of
a baron, complete with chimerical guardians. The power of
Glamour is strong enough that some changelings start to suffer
from the challenge of separating Myth and Flesh. They are torn
by the difficulties of being stuck between their two worlds. This
insanity is called Bedlam.

Chimera

Chimerical creations are asmuch a staple in the lives of the
Kithain as food and water. Where there are changelings, there
are bound to be inventions of the imagination made real.
Fantastic suits of armor that defy the laws of physics, books that
speak when spoken to, elegant clothes that shimmer with hints
of a thousand unguessed colors: All are a part of chimerical
reality for the Kithain. These items are real only for beings who
can sense and experience the Dreaming and its power. But for
those rare and precious few, the items are very real indeed.
What is commonly perceived as a simple station wagon can
easily become a chariot of gold with wheels of fire in the hands
of a skilled Dreamsmith.

‘Weapons of fantastic capability are crafted from Dreamstuff
andpowered by Glamour. Legendary weapons from history remain
lost to the real world, but they still exist within the depths of the
Dreaming. Chimerical swords capable of cleaving steel and arrows
sharp enough to pierce a dragon's heart are available to the
changelings. Wonders await all who have the eyes to see them and
the courage to defy Banality and touch them.

Chimerical creatures are entities in their own right, ca-
pable of feelings and thoughts both vile and pure. In most cases,
chimera live in the Dreaming, where they can dwell for all
eternity. Whether brought about by someone's wishes or sim-
ply having existed for countless eons, chimera are a part of the
Dreaming and, thus, of every changeling's world. Sometimes,
perhaps because they've grown too curious or because they seek
the forbidden fruit of the mortal world, chimera fight through
the Mists of Forgetfulness that separate Flesh and Myth, and are
born again in the world they once knew — or the world they've
simply longed to know. Once here, they must maintain the
Glamour that gives them flesh by feeding on the stuff of dreams,
lest they fade into nothingness. Their struggle to survive is as
primal as that of anyone who suddenly finds herself drowning
ina dark pool of water: Chimera will do anything to continue
breathing, even if it sometimes means they must kill.


&,

Wy Dreamers and the Dreaming

3 The Dreaming is alive, make no mistake about that. But
‘SN ihe life it has isnot quite like anything else in existence: The
iy

A

Dreaming is not sentient, nor can it ever become sentient.
Instead, it isa primal pool of emotions. All colors, tastes, sounds
4) ¥ and scents are more intense in the Mythic Realm, and so are
Ky feelings. Anger is intensified, and here it is a raging inferno,
v rather than a candle's flame.

There are no restraints on people when they dream, and
waking fantasies are also without limit. Anything is possible,
and nothing is sacred. Dreamers can't control what occurs in
their slumber, though many have tried. Their preconceived
notions of self-control are useless while they sleep, and even
the most restrained of them has no choice but to surrender to
the chaos of dreams.

The very liberation of Dreamers' minds is the truest force
of the Dreaming. It is the source of all power for the Dreaming
and one reason for the Dreaming's constant state of metamor-
phosis. There are very few stable locations within the Dream
Realms; most of what a changeling sees there on one visit is
either gone or has moved to another location by the time she
passes through again. The main reason for this flux is that

aia

We is \
ie | i

"
= =D Dey
"

SSR

dreams change over time: not only the ambitions and fears of
Dreamers, but the very things of which they dream.

During certain times of the year — especially in the Near
Dreaming — the thoughts of sleeping humans turn toward
special holidays, such as Christmas and Halloween (to choose
two Western examples). In any part of the world, as human
minds drift closer to such special occasions, certain aspects of
the Near Dreaming become flavored by the approaching holi-
day. Many Kithain enjoy chimerical fireworks in the Dreaming
as the celebration of Independence Day nears. By the same
token, many childlings take special pleasure from entering the
Near Dreaming as Christmas approaches, because they know
that Santa Claus often leaves packages filled with wonderful
chimerical creations. (Grumps often give warnings about such
toys, many of which have a life of their own, and notall of them
are user friendly. Parental anxieties about whether or not a toy
is safe for a child to play with have lately led to rather serious
problems in the Dreaming.) Valentine's Day, in the Dreaming,
is a favored time for satyrs everywhere, for obvious enough
reasons. Halloween is always interesting in the Near Dreaming,
and many a sidhe knight goes hunting for chimerical monsters
spawned as Samhain draws closer. In every season, there are
special occasions, and for every occasion, there is a least one

ih


S

unusual and repetitive occurrence in the Near Dreaming. In
this way, Dreamers actually have an influence over the Dream-
ing, though they are (for the most part) entirely unaware that
the realm even exists.

The Dreams of Children

Children occasionally catch glimpses of chimerical reality at
the age before "rational thinking" interferes. True, youngsters can
seldom communicate their Dreaming experiences clearly enough
to make their doting parents aware of these "visions," but they do
sometimes see the Dreaming. Their dreams also have a more
profound impact on the Near Dreaming than other humans'
dreams. Anxieties and hopes are usually far more primal for
children than they are for adults. Young minds are unencumbered
by the realities of the mundane, and Banality hasn't yet managed
totake hold in their hearts and minds. Some believe that children
area primary reason for the chaotic changes that take place in the
Dreaming, whenever the shimmering Firchlis rushes through the
Mythic Realms and shifts everything around, warping the
Dreamscape. The Firchlis alters most things there, but some
remain the same, regardless of the sudden changes. There are
almost always things of beauty in even the darkest parts of the
Dreaming, because children still believe in miracles. There are
always unpleasant surprises in even the most fabulous places
within the Mythic World, because every child has a special fear of
the unknown.

The Dreaming and che Insane

There are those mortal minds that simply can't take the
pressures of the mundane world, and sometimes, during the course
of life, these minds twist and fragment. The lives of the insane are
a perpetual torment of fantasy pleasures and imaginary pains, of
biting rage and deep depression. Just as with children, the insane
have a powerful effect on the Near Dreaming. When clustered
together in asylums, they can have an especially terrifying impact
on the Mythic World: The most dangerous of chimera often
frequent areas where the mad are gathered. Creatures of unspeak-
able rage are formed from their dreams, and these beasts are often.
more feral than redcaps on a rampage. Most disturbing of all, these
chimera typically seek wandering Kithain, are drawn to them, in
fact, like moths to flame. Many have wondered why chimerical
monsters created by the insane are so fascinated by changelings,
butnosolid answers have ever come forth, as these chimeraseldom
bother to explain themselves before attacking. The most com-
monly held belief is that the beasts seek to destroy the inherent
childlike qualities of changelings, something the chimera them-
selves can't achieve. Another common theory is that knowledge
of the Dreaming and of changelings is what drove some of these
mortals' over the edge, and this sort of lashing out is an attempt at
retribution. Whatever the case, most Kithain tend to avoid areas
of the Near Dreaming where the mad have influence.

Changelings and Dreams

Many believe the Kithain have their origins in the dreams
of mortals, that the fae were birthed from early desires and fears,
when the world was still young. Perhaps for that reason, they

are connected to the Dreaming, but not necessarily to dreams
themselves. It's not uncommon for a changeling in the Dream-
ing to come in contact with an actual manifestation of a
sleeping mortal's dream. People who are heavily stressed or are
feeling particularly powerful emotions can have their dreams
manifest completely. Although a few very gifted fae can influ-
ence the dreams of sleeping humans — can actually control
dreams and change their course — they are exceedingly rare.

However, while in the Dreaming, changelings can take
what they desire from a mortal dream in the form of chimerical
items. If, while passing through a dream, a changeling should
happen uponan elegant cloak or a sword, it takes nothing more
than the slightest effort for him to reach out and retrieve the
item he sees. This action has absolutely no effect on the dream
itself, and even though the Kithain might now hold the cloak
in his hand, the cloak in the dream remains unaltered. This
ability even extends to sentient parts of dreams, but the risks are
extreme when pulling a person froma dream into the Dreaming
proper. Because dreams tend to change, and the "roles" of
people in dreams change too, what appeared, at first, to be an
innocent young lovely for a satyr to woo can easily become a
multitentacled chimera with a serious attitude problem, should
a pleasant dream become a nightmare.

Any objects a changeling takes from a dream remain solid
and real, so long as they remain in the Dreaming. Leaving the
Dreaming means losing items she's chosen as her own, unless
she invests them with her own Glamour to maintain their
solidity in the Flesh World.

Scadle Poincs in che Dreaming

There are places in the Dreaming that simply don't change
in any noticeable ways. Most often, these stable points are
found in the Near Dreaming and are situated in areas where
cities, towns and freeholds exist. Changes do take place in
these areas but are seldom major. The transformations are so
small and so slow that few ever notice them. Most of these areas
are connected, even today, by trods.

Spawning Fields

Spawning Fields are dangerous places under the best of
circumstances. These chaotic oceans of pure Glamour are
direct, one-way connections between the Dreaming and the
mortal world. Chimera are born constantly within these foun-
tains of power and often die quickly. Spawning Fields appear
seemingly at random within the Near Dreaming and vanish
just as capriciously.

Some changelings speculate that Spawning Fields may be
direct conduits to Arcadia. A few have even tried entering
these places in the hopes of finding a way to return to the faerie
homeland, but most who follow this route never return, and the
ones who do are drastically altered. Exactly what the energies
of the Spawning Fields do to changelings remains a mystery;
however, it is known that these forces somehow "burn away"
changelings' mortal seemings, which leaves them little more

Incroduccion: A Guide co che Dreaming

sana


than sentient chimera, unable ever to leave the Dreaming.

Banalizy and che Dreaming

The Dreaming is the antithesis of Banality. Changelings
who've spent too much time among humans and are suffering
from Banality often enter the Dreaming in order to cleanse
themselves of their accumulated Banality. The good news is, it
works. After a short time in the Dreaming, Banality fades from
the Kithain. The bad news is, it sometimes works too well.
Extended stays in the Dreaming can lead to Bedlam.

e

The very essence of the Dreaming extinguishes the dark-
ness of Banality. Banality simply can't exist for very long within
the overwhelming influence of the Mythic Realms. However,
while it exists, changelings under its influence can have un-
usual effects on the Dreaming. Trods weaken in their presence,
as do chimera.

The Dreaming typically responds to Banality as the human
body does to a cancer or infection. While the Dreaming's most
common response to Banality is simply to make it more difficult
for the changeling to enter the Mythic Realm, in some extreme
cases, the Dreaming sends powerful chimera to attack the banal
target — much like the way the human body sends white blood
cells to fight off invaders. Sometimes, the Dreaming itself
responds, turning pleasant landscapes into frightening night-
mare realities filled with gale force winds and torrential rains,
hail the size of trolls' heads and lightning that incinerates
whatever it touches. Unfortunately, the Dreaming is not very
discriminating in its attacks, and anyone around the banal
target is likely to suffer its ire as well.

Cold Iron

Cold Iron cannot, under normal circumstances, enter the
Dreaming. Most Kithain would never consider even trying to
bring this banal material with them into the Dreaming, as they
understand that the effect on their one refuge from the mun-
dane world could be extremely damaging.

There is one recorded exception: Toward the end of World
War One, a French Dauntain, convinced that bringing iron
into the Dreaming would end the scourge that had ruined his
life, managed to smuggle an iron crowbar into the Dreaming
through means unknown. The effects were immediate. The
Near Dreaming around Versailles, where the hapless fool
executed his plan, was vaporized, and throughout the Mythic
Realms, storms the likes of which the Dreaming had never
experienced exploded into existence. The backlash from the
contact obliterated more than a dozen freeholds in France and
other parts of Europe, as well as everyone inhabiting those
holds. The Dauntain, too, was destroyed. If he has ever incar-
nated again, no one knows of it. Incidentally, the iron crowbar
was forcibly expelled back into the world of Flesh and has since
become a much coveted talisman among certain groups of
Dauntain. Some blame several new sleeping disorders on the
Dauntain and his crowbar. His name remains unknown, else it
would surely be used in stories to frighten childlings.

Ns a Dreams and Nightmares
AN)
RS

"Las'

WR OO ODO POPOV LPO OIA EO

ras

The Dreamings Cffecc

on Banalicy
Banality is the contraposition of the Dreaming.
When the two meet, something has to give. While in the
Dreaming, the something that normally fades, at least in
the case of changelings, is Banality.

Over the course of time, the Dreaming cleanses a
Kithain's body of Banality. This process is a slow one,
though changelings notice the difference almost immedi-
ately. For every day a changeling spends in the Dreaming,
he loses one temporary point of Banality, up to 9 points.
After that, the loss of Banality becomes a much slower
process.

Banality seems to builda resistance to the Dreaming's
purifying effects. A permanent point of Banality takes
no less than a year before it begins to fade. Once broken
down, however, the remaining temporary points drop
away at a rate of one per month.

The next permanent point won't be affected by the
Dreaming until a full five years are spent in the Dream-
ing, after which the remaining temporary points fade at
a rate of one per year. The next permanent point takes
10 years in the Dreaming, and so on.

Banality is inevitable, but its influence is weakened
while in the Dreaming. However, even being in the Dream-
ingisn'tenough to remove all Banality fromacharacter. No
matter how low a character's Banality drops, the effects of
the Dreaming cannot reduce her Banality to nothing.
There always remains the seed of Banality, a dark shadow
that flickers in the heart of the changeling.

Only extremely powerful items or the most grueling
quests can remove the final traces of Banality from a
changeling. (See the Immortal Eyes trilogy of fiction or
the adventures by the same name for details on one
artifact powerful enough to remove all traces of Banality
froma character). The effects of so many lifetimes away
from the Mythic Realm are hard to erase.

While the Mists of Forgetfulness do aid in cleansing
mortals of their Banality, the effects on humans last only
as long as the individual is within the Dreaming. Once
separated from the Mythic World and the Mists' influ-
ences, all Banality accrued by a human returns to him.

The CDiscs of Forgecfulness

The Dreaming protects Itself. Whereas the waking world
is altered by the will of humans, the Dreaming refuses to suffer
the same fate. Once, long ago, the Shattering caused irrepa-
rable harm to the Mythic Realm. The damage occurred because
the Dreaming simply couldn't conceive of the Shattering or its
consequences. Since that time, the Dreaming has learned from
its mistakes. Immediately after the separation of Myth and
Flesh, the Dreaming created the Mists: a barrier that continues


S

to grow stronger as the centuries pass. These walls of heavy fog
serve as a buffer between the Dreaming and the waking world.
They shelter the Dreaming from undue influences and protect
it from all who would intrude. The Mists, simply put, numb the
mind of anyone who could cause the Dreaming serious harm.

More than just a way to erase the memories of trespassers,
the Mists of Forgetfulness are a powerful defense against Banal-
ity. All who breathe the Mists, or even feel the Mists touch
their flesh, absorb the Dreaming's energies. Those energies
dampen a mind's disbelief in the fantastic and make it more
prone to accept what it perceives. The process starts as soon as
amortal or Kithain enters the Dreaming; the deeper one travels
into the Mythic Realm, the more profound are the effects. For
mortals, this effect is reversed upon leaving the Dreaming. For
the Kithain, who are a part of the Dreaming in ways far beyond
mortal comprehension, the benefits remain.

But the Mists of Forgetfulness work in both directions. Just as
they shield achangeling from Banality, they remove the memories
of the Deep and Far Dreaming, protecting from any possible
human influence the most powerful aspects of the realm.

As the Dreaming protects itself, it also protects the Kithain.
Changelings who enter the Mythic Realm beyond the Near

Dreaming are granted back a part of themselves that is locked
away while they dwell in the mundane world. Changelings
become more fae and less mortal the deeper into the Dreaming
they journey, and as they leave they once again lose those
aspects that would surely be crushed by the mortal world's
Banality. The process simply inverts the one whereby the
longer she remains apart from the influences of Glamour, the
more she becomes a mere mortal.

Ocheruihere

Some changelings believe they understand the cosmos in
all its glory. They believe that the universe and all its dimen-
sions are laid out in ways that don't quite mesh with what other
supernaturals believe is accurate. The descriptions below
reflect what the Kithain believe is the truth. Mages, wraiths
and Garou would scoff at these concepts. In truth, all the
supernaturals are partially right, and they are all partially
ignorant of the greater truths and mysteries of the universe.

More than merely to separate the Mythic from the Flesh,
the Shattering actually broke the Mythic into countless pieces.
Some of these fragments are little more than wisps of dream

Incroduccion: A Guide co che Dreaming 13


that flicker and fade. Other fragments are far more stable, and
large enough to hold entire continents. Each moves at its own
pace, gradually flowing across the face of the spirit realms,
which the other supernaturals call the Umbrae. This constant
shifting motion is one of the main causes of the Firchlis, and it
is something that few changelings understand.

The Dreaming exists in a place that is beyond standard
space and time, where it floats like islands of reality or bubbles
of creation. Where these bubbles drift, the Dreaming is as real
and solid as it needs to be. But there are dangers beyond the
chimerical in the Dreaming.

The Dreaming appears whole. Seen from above, from the
vantage of the clouds, the Dreaming seems to stretch forever.
In fact, it does stretch for eternity, but eternity doesn't notice
the great holes in the Dreaming's patterns. The spaces between
the "bubbles" that form the whole of the Dreaming are painted
over, and seem as real and solid as the rest of the Mythic Realm,
because a tension exists that stops the Dreaming from spilling
apart and fragmenting even more. That tension is created by
the trods. Trods truly are the arteries of the Dreaming. Without
them, the Dreaming would drift further and further apart, and
each island of Dreamstuff would break into tinier fragments
until there was nothing left.

CORES

The Dreaming was wounded by the Shattering, but it
nevertheless remains a vital entity. The trods connect every
fragment of the Dreaming, no matter how small, and protect
changelings who walk along the Silver Path from stepping into
the spaces between islands of Dreamstuff. These great holes in
the Dreaming are filled with tinier islands of Dreamstuff, and
are solid enough for most chimera to travel without fear of
injury. But changelings and mortals who walk the Dreaming
and ignore the trods face a terrifying threat. They risk stepping
into the Otherwhere, the place between the Dreamstuff bubbles.
The Otherwhere is a place that exists between the Flesh, the
Mythic and the Umbrae. Here, no one can control what
happens and truly anything is possible. Changelings and chi-
mera alike have fallen into this great void between worlds, and
few ever return.

In the strange arena of the Otherwhere, there is enough
residue of the Dreaming to survive, but there are taints from the
Other Places as well. Great devouring things move through the
colorless landscape, where they battle against spiderlike enti-
ties the size of the moon. Wild storms of raw, primal power
rampage across the Otherwhere, create random wonders and
destroy the webs of the spider-things, even as the great devour-
ers come to feed on them. The cycle is endless and frantic, and
this ceaseless war recreates the shape of the Otherwhere con-
stantly. Nothing remains for long. The Dreamstuff that falls
here is an anchor for the chimera and changelings, but it's not
enough to guarantee their safety. Surely, it's not enough to
protect their sanity, either.

From time to time, things come back from the Otherwhere,
things resembling the Kithain and chimera who have fallen
into the great void, but they are things changed, reverted into
something more primordial. Some resemble the fomorians of

old, some bring to mind the legends of the Tuatha de Danaan.
Allare either too hideous to bear or so incredibly beautiful that
merely looking at them blinds the viewer. Although these
primal beings can walk across the surface of the Dreaming, they
seem unable truly to touch the Mythic Realm. The Dreaming
protects itself and immediately surrounds these oddities with
the Mists, thus shielding from the mind of anyone unfortunate
enough to see them any memory of such creatures. The things
that crawl from the Otherwhere are sometimes seen but are
never recalled as more than a flickering memory of something
incredible.

No one is quite certain just what these creatures do, or
where they go or even why they exist. Some claim that these
powerful beings come into existence as an effort by the universe
to right itself, that they are part of a healing process slowly
mending what the Shattering sundered. Others believe they
are a continuing part of the Shattering, of a gradual slipping
away of the universe that heralds Winter's approach. In the
end, all the guesses and theories are for naught. Whatever their
purpose, if indeed they serve any purpose, it is beyond the
minds of Kithain or mortals to comprehend.

The Umodrae

There are other areas beyond the Dreaming, places were
werewolves, wraiths and mages move freely. These places bear
different names, but together they are referred to as the Umbra.
Although these places are not the same as the Dreaming, all are
connected nonetheless. There are three Umbrae, each broken
into three regions.

The High Uméra

The first Umbra, which changelings call the High Umbra,
is known to mages. In this place, the mortal wizards have
learned to alter reality without fear of reprisal. For mortals, the
High Umbra is much like the Dreaming. Here, they can do
amazing things, if they know how to free themselves from their
usual limitations.

Within the High Umbra, its Near Umbra is closest to the
world changelings share with mortals. Much like the Dream-
ing, the Near Umbra reflects the shapes of the Flesh Realm.
Likewise, here mages are freed from the restraints that hold
back their powers in the mundane world. Mages often create
homes for themselves within the Near Umbra for easy access to
its power and freedom. The Near Umbra's proximity to their
mortal homes also allows them certain creature comforts. The
mages' homes here are much like freeholds and are called
Horizon Realms. Mages who can construct such domiciles are
powerful indeed, for they can shape these Horizon Realms to
suit their every desire and even change the laws of physics
within them. With that knowledge in mind, few of the Kithain
ever bother even to try entering the High Umbra. The Hidden
Ones — the banal mages — have places of their own here, and
their powers are too terrifying to confront.

The Far Umbra, the High Umbral region that closely

mirrors certain aspects of the Far Dreaming, is next. The Far
Umbra's major difference is a physical barrier that separates it
from the Near Umbra, an area called the Horizon. This area is
where most mages build their Horizon Realms, and it is possibly
the place where their powers are greatest.

Last is the Deep Umbra, a place where even mages fear to
dwell for long. Great beings, nearly godlike in their abilities, are
imprisoned here, held by the very same power that caused the
Shattering. Little is understood about these entities, though
most changelings suspect such beings are little more than truly
powerful chimera. As evidence, most truly knowledgeable
Kithain point to trods that reach from the Nightmare Realms
into the Deep Umbral area of the High Umbra.

The CDiddle Umbra

The Middle Umbra is the spiritual reflection of the mun-
dane world. However, it stretches far beyond the limits of
Earth: The very stars in the evening sky are also found in the
Middle Umbra, if what the Kithain hear is true. Like the High
Umbra, the Middle Umbra is three-tiered, though it is a place
less structured than the mages' domain.

The Near Umora

Also called the Penumbra by the Garou, this realm once
again reflects the world of Flesh — or the Gaia Realm, if one
wishes to use werewolf terms. The Penumbra differs from the
Flesh Realm only in that the spirits of the world can be seen by
visitors to the Near Umbra. Wyld spirits, Weaver spirits — the
ones responsible for the Shattering, at least according to the
Garou — and even the Wyrm spirits of the Dead are all visible
within the Penumbra. Houses and cities can be seen, within
this area, actually to be crafted from Weaver spirits and the
threads they continuously build. Areas where humans haven't
yet claimed the world are normally occupied by Wyld spirits,
and Wyrm spirits exist wherever death dwells.

Allin all, the Kithain prefer the idea of leaving this area
to the Garou. To fae, it sounds too much like the Nightmare
Realms.

The Far Umora

The Far Umbra here is much like the Far Umbra of the
mages. There are things here that are simply best not explored.
According to the Garou, the greatest of the chimera — called
Incarnae — dwell here, fighting an unending war to dominate
each other. The Banality of some places in this realm is too
great for most changelings willingly to risk visits.

The Deep Umdra

Here, the similarities between the Dreaming and the
Umbra are strongest. Chimera wander among the stars, travel-
ing upon trods of moonlight and moving between worlds.
Spirits exist here as well, Weaver, Wyld and Wyrm alike,
though they are more scarce. The Deep Umbra is much like
outer space, though it apparently has an atmosphere, as the
interplanetary void once did in the Flesh Realm, before the

Incroduczion: A Guide co the Dreaming


Shattering. Many Kithain scholars incorporate this fact into
their arcane theories that the shapechangers were once a
branch of the fae who managed to survive the Sundering by
different means. Some of the more adventurous Kithain have
traveled even here, though they normally seem to arrive deep
in the Middle Umbra by accident.

The Low Umbra

The Low Umbra is a place of endless woe and mystery.
Even the Kithain occasionally find themselves in this place,
straying from the cycle of rebirth that is the final blessing of all
changelings. Some believe that the souls of Kithain murdered
with cold iron end up in the Low Umbra. The sluagh might
know more, but if so, they aren't sharing the information.

Three levels of the Low Umbra are known to exist: the
Shadowlands, the Tempest and the Far Shores.

The Shadowlands

In this dark, dismal place, the Dead who can still reach out
to the world of Flesh mourn their own deaths and scheme to
haunt the living. Ghosts and other, darker things dwell here,
seeking retribution against the living and slowly killing the
world. It's said that a wraith standing in the Shadowlands can
look upon mortals and know when they will die. Much like the
Near Umbras of the other Umbrae, this place reflects the
mundane world. The difference here is that the reflection is not
of what is, but of what was and what will be. It's believed that
some sluagh can enter this place and return unscathed. It is
known that they surely talk with the Dead.

The Tempese

The Tempest is the second area of the Low Umbra and is
a place of constant, hideous storms. There are trods through
this area, just as there are through the other Umbrae. Only the
Dead travel these trods, and most Kithain are satisfied to leave
it that way. Death spirits roam throughout the Tempest, doing
all they can to destroy completely any of the Restless who have
not yet moved on. Ironically, the greatest seats of power in the
Low Umbra are also located here, buried in the constant
storms. Stygia is the foremost of the death domains, and the
wraiths who dwell in Stygia prefer what they have to trying
their chances at life again.

The Far Shores

The Far Shores closely resemble Arcadia. On these is-
lands, according to the Dead, all dreams of Paradise, or of Hell,
come true. Despite this knowledge, few wraiths ever journey
there, just in case they're mistaken. Most changelings are not
curious enough to find out, and even the sluagh know of no
paths leading to these distant places.

‘The Pachs of Balor

There are other roads in the Dreaming. These strange
pathways often lead nowhere, though a good number actually
can lead to the Umbrae. The Kithain call these roads the Paths

Von

Dreams and Nighcmares

of Balor, for each leads into a different sort of darkness. Most
importantly, each is a one-way path. Once a changeling passes
between the Dreaming and the Umbrae, the pathway disap-
pears. All who travel these courses must wander until they can
find another path that leads them back to the Dreaming —
instead of to another Umbra. Like the trods, the Paths of Balor
shift and change with the geography of the Dreaming.

The Black Pachs of Balor

These paths lead only to the Shadowlands. They are feared
by all but the most foolhardy and, perhaps, the sluagh. The
toads between the Shadowlands and the Dreaming are scarce,
and most originate in the Far Dreaming. But there are still
changelings who manage to follow the trails leading from the
Dreaming to the Low Umbra and fail to find their way back
until it's far too late. For some, death is the sole punishment,
but for the truly unfortunate, change is the fate that awaits. The
bean sidhe, for example, met a fate far worse than mere death.
Theirs is an agony that is surely a hundred times worse than the
touch of cold iron. Locked between life and death, they suffer
for what promises to be an eternity, and they often take others
down with them. The bean sidhe should be pitied, but feared
as well.

Oddly, this fate seems to befall only the noblest, bravest
Kithain.

The Green Pachs of Balor

The paths to the Middle Umbra, much like the roads to the
Shadowlands, are rare. They are most commonly found in the
Deep Dreaming, though a few others may exist elsewhere as
well. On these dark-emerald trods, changelings can find secrets
never meant for them and truths that can alter their lives
forever. Some believe, and rightly so, that these roads most
often lead to the havens of the fomorians. Among the sidhe, a
growing faction believes that some of the fomorians escaped fae
wrath by running from the Dreaming into the Middle Umbra,
where they now dwell in the hellish domain of the creature
called the Wyrm. These beings, much like chimera, supposedly
take over willing victims and become the creatures the Garou
call simply fomori.

There are alleged wonders and treasures for the finding, if
one merely walks the Emerald Trods. Each Kithain must decide
whether the risks are worth the rewards. If the formorians truly
do wait on the other side, it's a good thing that few are foolish
enough to travel the Green Paths of Balor.

The Golden Pachs of Bator

The Golden Paths of Balor are supposed to lead to the
High Umbra, where gods and mortal mages roam at will, and
nothing is as it should be. Some claim the Tuatha de Danaan
have moved beyond the Dreaming and taken up residence in
the High Umbra to wait for a time when Winter's shadow has
left the mortal world. The banal mages have homes in the High
Umbra, and there they have powers as great as the most
powerful Kithain sorcerers'. None who fear for their lives take
these paths. Only the young and the foolish, often one and the

Po > =~ a =s = == = gi = > =e =

AURA REMI II

same, are bold enough to enter the High Umbra. Most who
return from it have been driven mad by what they encountered.
As with other Paths of Balor, the Golden Trods usually have
their start in the Deep Dreaming.

Travel in che Dreaming

According to:the'eshu, there area thousand ways to travel
through the Dreaming. Horses are fairly common, as chimeri-
cal steeds can be easily summoned, provided one knows the
proper rituals for calling them.... Of all the nonmythic chi-
mera, horses are, perhaps paradoxically, the most plentiful.
Every freehold has horses, and many are found in the wilds not
far from the trods. Of course, these latter chimera must be
watched carefully, for they often take seductive shapes to lure
the unwary.

Walking is the most common form of travel in the Dream-
ing, aside from riding on the backs of equines. Because trods
often fall into disrepair or haphazardly grow thin in the
Dreaming's deeps, changelings sometimes prefer to trust their
own feet, rather than any beast's hooves. Eshu, redcaps, satyrs,
pooka and trolls are all just as comfortable walking as they are
tiding. Only the sidhe, the boggans and the nockers nearly
always seem to need a form of conveyance. With the nockers,
a horse and wagon are often required, if only to carry their
supplies. With the boggans, the problem seems to be keeping up
with the other Kithain, which is a challenge under even the
best circumstances. Some claim the boggans need to be on
horses anyway, else they'd be stopping every dozen feet to clean
the trods of any debris and forever delaying their motleys. The
sidhe seem to feel most comfortable on the backs of their steeds.

Chimerical vehicles of every imaginable sort often follow
the trods. Everything, from horse-drawn buggies to massive war
engines, isavailable to fae adept at shaping Dreamstuff. Unseelie
nockers seem to like the idea of a war engine, as they prefer to
blast their way past any obstacles in their path.

Ships designed to sail the roughest seas are often seen in
the Dreaming, seeking faster passage to distant lands and the
areas beyond Concordia's roads. It's surely wisest to build a
stout ship for traversal of the Seas of Dream, as there are most
definitely sea monsters in those waters.

During the last hundred years, changelings have begun
traveling by air far more often, despite the increased risks. The
skies of the Dreaming offer faster travel, free from land-bound
chimera who would slow a motley's progress. But there are no
trods in the sky, and many winged chimera find the idea of
devouring a flying carpet, along with its passengers, a pleasant
concept. From above, the trods are easily followed. Still, the
dangers are far greater. Some ships designed for flight drift too
high and are burned by the sun, or find themselves stuck on
passing stars. Only a truly skilled captain can avoid disaster in
the Dreaming, where the Firchlis can change the weather ina
matter of seconds and some chimerical creatures take offense at
trespassers in their airy domains.

Lexicon

Augmen, The — The effects of the Dreaming on change-
lings. As they go farther into the Dreaming, more of their true
fae nature comes forth.

Banal Shiver — The seed of Banality that haunts the souls
of all changelings, forever barring them from Arcadia.

Dream Realms — The Dreaming in its somewhat benign
state, where the dangers are balanced by the wonders to be
found.

Dreamstuff — The very fabric of the Dreaming, solidified
Glamour.

Firchlis, The — Waves of change that ripple through the
Dreaming and randomly alter landscapes or even the weather.

Flesh Realm, The — The mundane world, where change-
lings live their mortal lives and suffer the plague called Banal-
ity. Also called the waking world and the world of Flesh.

Madness Realms — Places in the Near Dreaming where
the madness of human Dreamers can sometimes cause serious
dilemmas for the Kithain.

Mistweir — The final barrier between the Far Dreaming
and the Deep Dreaming. The Mistweir completely surrounds
the Deep Dreaming and is a barrier between the mundane and
the fantastic.

Mythic Realm, The — The Dreaming. Also, the world of
Myth

Nightmare Realms — Where nightmares dwell in the
Dreaming. These places, pushed by the Firchlis, can overrun
the Dream Realms. Here, the threats are more serious than in
many other parts of the Dreaming.

Onus — Kithain lost to Bedlam, who become a part of the
trods they swear to protect from travelers.

Otherwhere — The void between the Dreaming and the
Umbrae, where the unfortunate fall when walking between the
trods. This place is not as empty as it might seem, and some-
times what falls into the Otherwhere comes back, altered
beyond any hope of recognition.

Paths of Balor — One-way trods, different in color and
texture from the Silver Paths. They lead to other realms, ones
controlled by mages, Garou and wraiths. Most are found only
in the Deep Dreaming.

Reveries — Flesh-bound chimera who've discovered ways
to extend their time in the Waking World.

Spawning Fields — Places where the dreams of mortals
pour directly into the Dreaming. They are dangerous places
where chimera are born and often quickly expire.

Stable Points — Places in the Dreaming that remain
mostly unaffected by the Firchlis.

True Creatures of Myth — Those chimera that reflect
the creatures now lost to the waking world. Some chimera are
recent creations of the Dreaming, but True Creatures of Myth
have existed since the time of the Shattering. They are pro-
tected from the Banality of the Flesh Realm by the Dreaming's
power.

18 Dreams and Nightmares

Twilight Realm — Another name changelings give to the
Dreaming.

Umbrae — Places of power for other supernatural entities:
the High Umbra of the human sorcerers, the Middle Umbra of
the werewolves and other shapeshifters and the Low Umbra,
where the ghosts of dead mortals suffer damnation. Each is a
complex place only barely understood by the most knowledge-
able of Kithain.

Vale of Mists, The — The mystic barrier separating the
Near Dreaming, the Far Dreaming and the Deep Dreaming,
where the Mists of Forgetfulness are strongest.

Using chis Book

Dreams and Nightmares is a starting point. It's meant to
generate ideas and help the Storyteller create adventures in
lands far away, yet closer than most realize. The first rule of the
Dreaming is that there are no rules, save what the Storyteller
deems.

Certain elementary factors should remain the same whether
characters are in the Dreaming or in the Flesh Realm. People
still tend to stick to the ground, and when the wind blows,
clothes are likely to rustle. Aside from these basic facts, Story-
tellers should try to keep in mind that all the laws of physics are
strictly optional. Changelings adept in the ways of the Dream-
ing know that it's possible to walk on clouds, to run across a
moonbeam, to partake of the moon's green cheese simply by
reaching out for it, and even to breathe under water. The
farther into the Dreaming one goes, the more optional the laws
of physics become. In the Near Dreaming, there's still a risk of
slipping and falling from. amoonbeam; in the Far Dreaming, the
pressure of being 100 fathoms below the surface of the water is
still uncomfortable; in the Deep Dreaming, clouds are often
made of cotton candy and can be eaten in a pinch.

The Dreaming is a dangerous place, but wondrous, as well.
Suspension of disbelief is often all that's required to make
miracles happen there. But the near-godlike talents of the
Kithain in the Dreaming are commonplace; every entity in the
Dreaming possesses great capabilities. In the pages to follow,
you can see more of the Dreaming than has been previously
revealed. Yet, what you'll read about still covers only the basics.
The Dreaming can never be fully explained, nor can the areas
it encompasses be mapped as easily as mortal realms can, for
little remains the same from day to day in a world woven of
infinite dreams.

Dreams and Nightmares gives shape to certain aspects of
the Dreaming and clarifies much of what has been hinted at
before. Each of the first three chapters deals with a different
aspect of the Dreaming, while later chapters detail various
realms, chimera, freeholds and more.

In Chapter One, the Near Dreaming is examined. The
effects of the Near Dreaming on Kithain, humans and other
oddities is explored in greater detail. Although there are rules
pertaining to the game mechanics of the Near Dreaming, they
appear later in the book.

Chapter Two deals with the Far Dreaming and explores


KS

the transformations that affect changelings who manage to
reach that place few have ever reached. The effects of Bedlam
are covered here, as well as how the powers of changelings are
altered by the fluctuating reality around them. Also, some
"truths" about Glamour are examined.

Chapter Three covers the Deep Dreaming, where thought
and reality are often close to the same thing. There are places of
power here, as well as nightmares beyond the worst things ever
imagined. The effects of the Deep Dreaming are explored, includ-
ingwhat humans and Kithain alike can expect to encounter while
visiting the most primal source of the changelings' power.

Chapter Four examines realms of interest to the Kithain.
Notes on Arcadia and other mythic places reveal still more
about the wonders all Kithain strive to find, and the final truths
about the Mists are laid open for Storytellers to examine.

Chapter Five covers the freeholds and trods in greater
detail, explaining their significance to the Dreaming.

Chapter Six examines the dangers of the Dreaming, en-
counters for characters and rules for chimerical creations, as
well as an abundance of ready-to-use chimera just itching to get
their talons on the Kithain.

The Appendix covers all the rules in greater detail. The true
"physics" of the Dreaming is examined, and expanded rules for
freeholdsin the Dreamingarealsocovered. Detailsabout Dreamstuff
and Glamour are here, as are rules for just how quickly Banality
fades from characters in the Dreaming.

Recommended Reading: The works of J.R.R. Tolkien,
C.S. Lewis, Charles de Lint, HP. Lovecraft, Brian Lumley and
Michael Moorcock. Stephen King's short story "Mrs. Todd's
Shortcut," his novel Insomnia and his Dark Tower series. Also,
Stephen King and Peter Straub's collaborative novel, The
Talisman. All of the above works give wonderful examples of
how time and space work differently in other realities, or they
are simply fabulous examples of epic sagas. And, for reasons
that should be self-evident, the collected Sandman graphic
novels by Neil Gaiman et al.

Recommended Viewing: Dreamscape, The Chronicles of
Narnia, Fantasia, Labyrinth, Darby O'Gill and the Little People,
The Dark Crystal, The Adventures of Little Nemo in Slumberland,
My Neighbor Totoro, Warriors of Virtue, Who Framed Roger
Rabbit and, of course, Harvey.



DINE
\

Mailanka felt the winds caress his hair and send chills of pleasure
through his scalp and down his spine. Despite the situation, he loved
the Dreamingas he loved little else. Standing there on the prow of the
ship, he could feel the Mists parting, revealing forgotten memories.
They were only the merest hints, but he also knew that the farther into
the Twilight Realm they ventured, the more his memories would
return. Deep within his heart, he was overjoyed.

Beneath his feet, The Dreamcatcher moved among the eddies
of the wind, as it cut a path through the light clouds that gave shade
to the fields and mountains below. Even as he watched, the course
of acrystal-blue river shifted, its thread of color swirling across the
landscape. Mailanka watched the ship's sleek shadow race across the
ground below, the speed with which they moved mesmerizing him.
Somewhere below them, the Cup of Einhorn, the only hope of saving
Lady Amelia, waited. Mailanka's mood soured slightly, as his mind
turned to darker things. The Cup could be anywhere, and the
Dreaming was a very large place, larger than anyone really knew.

To make matters worse, Mumpoker was down there too,
probably lost in a Dream Realm untouched by trods. Mailanka
considered himself a brave eshu — and not unjustly — but the
thought of being lost in the ever-changing beauty and chaos below was
enough to chill his blood. There were things in the Dreaming. . things
best not thought of by anyone who wanted to remain sane. Despite
his numerous trips to the Dreaming, Mailanka had only once stepped

HINER
aye

es
ReaKe

A

W

Be

ie

4

away from a trod. For two years, he'd wandered the land, desper-
ately seeking another path that would lead him home. Parts of that
time were still lost to the Mists, and for that the eshu was grateful.

Mailanka was one of the few who'd ever visited the Nightmare
Realms and returned intact. True, he had scars to reflect his time in
the places where human fears spawn and multiply, but he'd man-
aged to keep his mind and all of his limbs.

The sound of hooves behind him alerted Mailanka to Dmitri's
approach. He turned to nod his silent greeting to the satyr. Dmitri
was smiling, which was nothing extraordinary — Dmitri almost
always smiled — but today his grin was larger than usual.

"Greetings, Mailanka. What a beautiful morning!" Dmitri's
joy was infectious, and the eshu felt his mood lightening. The satyr
drew in a deep breath, paused and released the air in a satisfied
whoosh. "How can air smell so sweet and not be edible, | wonder?"

Mailanka laughed, sharing in Dmitri' s childlike joy. "There are
places in the Dreaming where you can, indeed, eat the clouds,
Dmitri. But I've never run across one where the air was nutritious.
Besides, if you ate it, you'd be belching the rest of the day and into
the night."

Dmitri did a quick tap dance with his hooves as he moved in a
circle and smiled even wider. "It's arisk I'd take! L always forget how
much I love the Dreaming. Now I wonder why I should ever bother
to return to the mundane world."

Chapcer One: The Near Dreaming


EZ

7

SS

VY

5S

Gi

CK

>

Mailanka shook his head. "It would be folly to stay here too
long, Dmitri. Don't let the pleasures you see, feel and taste fool

"How could staying here ever be a mistake?"

Dmitri was simply being himself, and the eshu knew the
question was rhetorical, but he answered anyway. "Bedlam and
other unpleasantries."

The satyr lifted one eyebrow and showed a thoughtful frown.
"Aye. There's something to be said for avoiding the madness." He
grew silent for a moment and then sighed. "I still miss Eilonwy."

Mailanka started. He'd forced Eilonwy out of his mind over the
years. He preferred not to remember the poor, drooling stick figure
she'd become as her mind collapsed upon itself. Pooka were meant
to know joy and to play their mostly harmless tricks. Eilonwy had
forgotten all that somewhere along her journey into Bedlam. In the
end, she'd looked like little more than a scarecrow, with bloody
gashes on every part of her body her nails could reach. When
Mailanka had brought her back to the Dreaming, it was ina last-ditch
effort to save her from the madness of her dual existence. She'd gone
running into the fields the second he set her down. The last he'd seen
ofher, she'd become a raven and flown away, feathers dropping from

Dreams and Nightmares

her like leaves from a tree in autumn. He still wondered if he'd done
the right thing.

He stared over the side of the ship, watching the Firchlis
shimmer across the lands below, changing everything his eyes could
see. The Dreamcatcher lurched suddenly to one side, sending eshu
and satyr alike sliding across the deck. Dmitri bleated in fear as he
struck the railing. Reacting instinctively, Mailanka reached out and
grabbed his friend by the tail and one horn, stopping him from falling
overboard.

Dmitri cried out in surprise again, demanding that Mailanka
watch what he grabbed, and immediately following up with a
heartfelt thanks. As the eshu prepared to respond, the sky above them
darkened. The sound of howling wind came their way from the west,
and both turned to see a sight they'd likely never forget.

The soft clouds that had been with them since the beginning of
the journey were gone, replaced by pillars of lightning-split black.
Below them, the land was barren, a dark expanse of jagged stone and
bottomless crevasses. Even here, a distant silvery path ran like a river
of mercury across the scabrous face of the Dreaming. Slowly, the
ship's dangerous tilt righted itself, heading toward a safer angle that
would again allow walking on deck.

Past the rumbling thunder of the clouds, they heard a sound that


threatened madness: a shrill, resounding blast of noise like none
known in nature. Surely the bean sidhe could sound no more
frightening.

Mailanka tracked the source of the sound and peered into the
darkness behind them. Despite Dreamcatcher's speed, the storm
was gaining on them. The darkness erupted, vomiting forth still
darker shapes.

It took only seconds to distinguish the creatures moving toward
them. Their froglike bodies and massive bat-wings made the clurgaugh
impossible to miss, but despite their horrendous shapes, it was the
creatures riding them who sent shivers of dread through the eshu's
soul

Redcaps: it was a veritable army of the fiends, armed with axes,
crossbows and worse. And leading them all was the one redcap most
feared by the motley — Bloody Nick. The brutal changeling grinned,
framing gray teeth with his pallid face. Even from a hundred yards
away, Mailanka could see the half of Nick's face that bore no skin,
only muscle and bone. Bloody Nick howled triumphantly and waved
his followers forward. Down they came, spilling from the storm like
ahail of demons. The edge of the redcap's ax gleamed with dull red
light, hinting at the violence to come.

There were so many of them! Mailanka reached for his spear,
knowing in the depths of his soul that it was already too late. They
were done for, and their quest had only just begun...

Geography of che Near
Dreaming

Come now, my child,

if we were planning to harm you,

do you think we'd be lurking here

beside the path in the very darkest

part of the forest?

— Kenneth Patchen, "But Even So"

It is almost impossible to map the Twilight Realm. Areas
of dream-reality mutate constantly, as the dreams that shape
them change. These geographical changes are referred to as the
Firchlis and can be troublesome affairs. There is no guaranteed
route through the Dreaming, not even in that area closest to
the mundane world, the Near Dreaming. That's one of the first
tules of the Mythic Realms.

Of course, there are always exceptions. Cities in the Flesh
Realm tend to have mirror images in the Near Dreaming,
though the mirror used is most certainly distorted. A few of the
most powerful freeholds are actually situated at the cusp of
Flesh and Myth. They manage to exist in both locations.
Perhaps it is these seats of Kithain power that actually hold the
dream cities stationary, though no one can say for certain.

The entrances to freeholds are the only guaranteed stable
points in the Dreaming. They remain the same from visit to
visit, always recognizable, though everything around them may
well change completely. In the Dreaming, it's not unusual to
encountera freehold's trod that is surrounded by trees anda fast


flowing stream where, only a week before, there was an open
field filled with flowers. The changes are inevitable, though
gradual enough that only individuals who've been away from
the freehold for a few days ever seem to notice.

Numerous Kithain build homes in the Near Dreaming,
usually close to a freehold, and sometimes even physically
anchored to such a structure. Despite these precautions, even
the best of these domiciles is affected by the Firchlis as it sweeps
the Dreamscape. Few homes here ever stay the way they looked
when they were first built, at least on their exteriors. A massive
structure of pure, white marble might well become a wooden
fort in a week's time and then continue changing until its
resident discovers he has a home in the base of a massive
tedwood tree. Within a few more weeks, the structure could
well be a glass palace ora gigantic mushroom in a forest of fungi.
The interior of the home usually stays the same, but changes on
the outside are beyond the control of all but the most diligent
changelings. A few Kithain, normally pooka and trolls, take
bets on what shapes houses will take after the next Firchlis.

Freeholds also connect the most important facet of the
Dreaming, the trods. These pathways have often existed for
hundreds of years, and they are always present. The difference
between trods and freeholds is that trods often change over
time, bending in new directions as the land beneath them flows
and mutates.

Each Firchlis holds a potential danger for all Kithain using
the trods. As the landscape changes, trods tend to conform to
whatever alterations come along. Changelings are not quite as
mutable, however, and the unwary traveler might find a trod
moving quickly away if she isn't firmly in place. It's seldom that
a Firchlis is sudden enough to cause a problem, but there have
been a few cases. In one noteworthy situation, a troll named
Reighuar stepped off a trod to make certain a group of maraud-
ing chimera stayed well away from the band he'd sworn to
protect. When he turned back, the trod was moving rapidly
away from him. By the time the Firchlis had finished its
changes, Reighuar had run almost 20 leagues in an effort to
keep his allies in sight. That's one of the reasons changelings
always warn one another to stay on the trod at all times. There's
no guarantee the Silver Road will still be there when you return
from a side trip, no matter how brief your time away might be.

CDadness Realms

Madness Realms are, perhaps, the most dangerousareas of the
Near Dreaming. In these places, the dreams of mortals who've
surrendered their sanity are often realized. Mad dreams are ex-
tremely powerful and can of catch an unwary traveler in their
twisted realities for extended periods. Madness Realmsare particu-
larly dangerous, because they can affect the trods upon which
changelings travel. Kithain walking the Silver Path can find
themselves tossed into a Madness Realm, caught in the chimerical
reality of an insane person's dreams, until they can solve a puzzle
that is often illogical or even insoluble. Sometimes, they remain
trapped in these Madness Realms until the Dreamers who create
the realms awaken from sleep — which, in the case of some mental

Soe

institutions, can take a very long time, especially where tranquil-
izers are used to control the violently insane. When a Madness
Realm frees its captives, they always find themselves back on the
trod, or wherever they were when they were grabbed, with no
explanation for what has occurred. Any damage inflicted in a
Madness Realm remains, just as any prizes grasped there are still at
hand when the ordeal is finished.

Nighcmare Realms

The Firchlis can do more than move a trod. From time to
time, the Firchlis can completely alter the shape of the Dream-
ing in a matter of seconds. While these events often mean
nothing more than a mere change of scenery from field to
forest, it can also mean a shift from Dream to Nightmare.

Nightmare Realms differ from Dream Realms only in that
the former are not hospitable to most changelings. Where
weather is fair, it grows instantly foul. Dark clouds obscure
sunlight or moonlight, and powerful winds howl across land-
scapes often barren and always hostile. The sluagh and the
redcaps know these places best, and they are well equipped to
deal with the horrid chimera often encountered here. Both
kith were born in regions of Arcadia very similar to such places
—spawned from the fear of night's darkness and creatures that
kill without fear or remorse. In the Nightmare Realms, there
are no unicorns or pixies. There is no love here, for the
Nightmare Realms are bred of fear, hatred and violence, much
as the Dreaming is born of love, hope and happiness. There is
little danger to Kithain who remain on the trods in these areas,
though. Even in these blasted, hoary pits, there is safety on the
Silver Path. Thallain do lurk in these places, seeking to trick
unwary Kithain from the safety of the path. Fortunately, the
Thallain, by their very nature, are forbidden the use of the
trods; much like chimera, they must resort to trickery and foul
tactics for a chance to do battle with the Kithain.

As with all such phenomena, there are rumors of powerful
Thallain who can move the Nightmare Realms at will. If such
creatures exist, they must be extremely rare, for the freeholds
still stand in mos s, and only a few have ever suffered from
extended battles with the minions of Nightmare.

Discanc Cicies

One common phenomenon in the Near Dreaming is
called the Distant Cities. These strange places are inevitably
beautiful and almost always unreachable. Distant Cities are
places seen on the horizon, places of wonder and glory that

shine as brightly as the sun on the first true day of spring.
Sometimes, they appear to be only a few miles distant, and
other times they seem a hundred leagues away. But always, they
are mesmerizing, filled with crystalline towers and bridges of
gold, colorful banners and music that haunts the region of
whispers. Even from miles away, people see the inhabitants of
the Distant Cities and long to meet them, for surely anyone
that beautiful must know the way to Arcadia.

Sadly, Distant Cities are elusive. They remain forever on
the horizon, never coming any closer, no matter how many


UTR
VaPatns

miles a changeling might run or even fly. It takes a strong will
to ignore the lure of the Distant Cities, where surely there must
be a thousand pleasures to relieve every doubt. The Distant
Cities call to fae just as the sirens of old called to sailors. While
noone is absolutely certain, it's believed that the Distant Cities
are just as dangerous.

No trod ever leads to a Distant City. The only possible way
to get closer to them is to leave the safety of the Silver Path. Yet
long before a changeling can reach even the threshold of the
nearest building, the Firchlis seems always to push a Distant
City still farther away. Fae who make a run for it are often lost
in the Dreaming, never to be seen again, and Wayfare cantrips
seem always to fall short of the city itself. There are tales of
Kithain who have, indeed, managed to reach a Distant City,
though no one tells a tale of anyone ever returning from one.
Perhaps the Distant Cities are too filled with wonders or even
contain secret gateways to Arcadia. Or perhaps these cities are
of a more sinister nature. No one can truly say.

Freeholds

Most freeholds are linked to the Dreaming by a trod, though
not always. In some rare cases, freeholds actually exist entirely in
the Mythic Realms, though such places are rare. But even these
anomalies are somehow linked to the mundane world. For that
reason, freeholds are safe from the ever-changing chaos of the
Twilight Realm. Kithain who dwell within the freeholds under-
stand this fact, though they no longer understand exactly how
these powerful places between the worlds were created.

Despite their presence in the Near Dreaming, changelings
in freeholds do not experience many of the changes that affect
Kithain who are in the Mythic Realm. The memories of such
fae are unaffected, and while Banality isn't gained in freeholds,
it isn't as easily lost, either. The same aspects of a freehold's
nature that protect it from the Firchlis prevent the Dreaming
from influencing, at full force, Kithain who remain inside a
structure's safety zone.

The Silver Pach

The very nature of trods is often confusing to people, since
atrod is both an entrance into the Dreaming and the road upon
which the fae walk while in the Dreaming. Trods are, indubi-
tably, the safest method of travel for changelings. Still, they
have their own risks. Some trods have a tendency tend to fade
away beneath the feet of anyone who travels upon them, unless
certain conditions are met. Others simply refuse a traveler
entrance. (For more information on entering trods, see Chap-
ter Five.)

Encering che Near Dreaming

The most common means of entering the Near Dreaming
is through a trod in a freehold (see Chapter Six for more
details). Trods link the freeholds and mark out areas of the
Dreaming that are considered "safe" by changelings. While
there are still temptations and curiosities in abundance around
trods, Kithain who remain on the Silver Path are generally

| a
y

insulated from harm. Only ones foolhardy enough to leave the
Path are in danger of being attacked by chimera or need fear
getting lost in the Mythic Realms. Trods are Stable Points
within the Dreaming and offer substantial protection from the
myriad threats to Kithain well-being. Of course, trods all have
their starting points at some freehold, but freeholds are not
always available, so other routes into the Near Dreaming must
sometimes be found.

It's possible to enter the Dreaming by "Dream Riding,"
literally catching onto a dream as it forms in a human's mind
and goes into the Dreaming, provided the rider is adept in the

CDemories in
che Near Dreaming

Most changelings experience déja vu when they
enter the Near Dreaming. Glamour fills the air and
their souls are reminded of what the world once looked
like and how they once lived, many incarnations ago.

Banality can destroy a floating bicycle sculpted from Dreamstuff,
especially in cities where a changeling could well be spotted
pedaling his legs and moving across the sky without any visible
support — at least to the eyes of the mortals below, anyway.
The changeling isn't likely to fall to the ground and die — that
would be too easy. Instead, Kithain caught by Banality in such
a situation almost always gets shunted into the Dreaming.
Changelings believe this event to be the Flesh Realm's method
of dealing with unwanted and blatant acts of the fantastic.
(Human mages refer to this effect as Paradox, and a few mages
who've heard tales of this sudden banishment have tried to
understand the functions of Glamour and the nature of the
Kithain, but all to no real avail.) When thrust so roughly into
the Dreaming, most changelings tend to fall into areas where
there is no Silver Path. Without trods to guide them and offer
protection from the menaces that thrive in the Twilight
Realm, Kithain are not likely to find their way home for a very
long time, if ever.

Aside from the aforementioned ways, there are still other

SS

methods for getting to the Near Dreaming. A few work even for

For most, it brings about a sense of well-being. mortals, though they até hardly the safest methods.

For some, it also brings back the faintest stirrings

Si

Some people who fall into comas find themselves in the

of past lives. They do not receive any bonuses as a
result of these distant recollections. They simply begin
to remember past associations. A Kithain known for
years and thought of as a casual acquaintance might
suddenly become far more important in the Near
Dreaming. The past holds its secrets well, and the
Dreaming is often one method of getting a glimpse at
those secrets. In the Near Dreaming, feelings stir more
than actual memories do. A troll might suddenly be
angry with a nocker, yet unaware of why she's angry. Or
asidhe might be strangely drawn to study the face of a
pooka, uncertain why the face he's known for years is
suddenly so fascinating.

In the plainest terms possible: This device is for
Storytellers to expand plots, not for the player charac-
ters to exploit as a source of cheap, new powers.

Dream-Craft Art (see page 128). By expending a permanent
Glamour point, the changeling can grasp the forming dream in
both hands and let it carry him into the Dreaming, as the dream
moves from the mundane into the Mythic. The difficulty is
finding a mortal who is just starting to dream. However, not
only is this method very difficult, it can leave its user virtually
anywhere in the Dreaming. As the Twilight Realm is filled
with both wonders and dangers, Dream Riding is considered a
last ditch method for "jumping" into the Dreaming.
Traveling in chimerical vehicles can also lead to acciden-
tal excursions into the Dreaming. Such contrivances are won-
ders that many Kithain love to play with. Most changelings
believe that the more outrageous the device, the better the
tide. However, using strictly chimerical vehicles to travel in
the Flesh Realm is a dangerous game. With the greatest of ease,

Dreaming, though not in the same way that the Kithain are
there. Instead, they become observers, shadows who can do
litcle but enjoy the show and occasionally have a pleasant
conversation with a passing chimera. These observers often
learn amazing things about the Mythic Realm and the change-
lings, secrets that they can revel in and wonder about for as long
as they remain in their comatose state. Most forget the experi-
ence as soon as they awaken, though some are changed by their
time in the Dreaming. Ones who remember the Dreaming are
always cursed with only the briefest flashes, images that seldom
make sense but that still generate a warmth noticeable by even
the most banal souls. Humans who return from such jaunts into
the Mythic Realm seldom go back to their old ways, and instead
seek to recover their lost paradise by doing good deeds and
helping others. The deeds make them feel better, closer to the
Dreaming, which they've touched and lost.

Sometimes, the very fortunate among these souls remain
attuned to the Dreaming and capable of seeing changelings for
what they are. Many Kithain have glimpsed in passing a kind
smile from a mortal stranger who watched their antics, yet had
no place in the world of the fae. Such people are truly rare but
are a welcome sight.

The last way to enter the Near Dreaming is almost un-
known, and even among changelings who understand the
concept, it is often considered foolhardy. It is simple desire. By
wanting something bad enough, a person, Kithain or human,
can sometimes enter the Dreaming. What they want has to be
some challenge that goes beyond physical possibilities, and,
even then, it often takes many attempts. Trying to reach the
clouds by climbing mountains isn't enough; you must try to
stand on the clouds before the Dreaming lets you in. Driving as
fast as your car permits won't gain you entry into the Dreaming,
but driving faster than physics allows can sometimes get you

Chapter One: The Near Dreaming


SOI OSI COSI OSI SSI OS OSNOSIIOSS.-

YK \

When che ODiszs Begin co Thin

Many changelings coming incothe Near Dreaming claim
to feel the Mists parting for them. Memories of who they once
were, in previous incarnations, are stronger, more vital, outside
che Flesh Realnt Thav'snotalwaye good things they. éan
also remember slights from their past lives. Kithain who've had

start taking short cuts that don't exist, you are at the edge of the
Dreaming. When the short cuts defy the laws of physics, you
actually make it into the world of Myth.

A)
Ay

Changelings and che Dreaming

The Dreaming has many profound effects on changelings.
First and foremost, it purifies them, gradually removing most
traces of Banality from their beings. The Dreaming is the source

nothing but pleasant encounters in the mundane world sud-
denly begin to recall insults cast at them a hundred years earlier,
and some manage to hold a grudge, despite the general feeling
of well-being they experience upon returning to the Mythic

of all Glamour, and, therefore, it always has an impact on
changelings, but in the Dreaming itself that influence is in-
creased.

All changelings find that using cantrips in the Near
Dreaming is easier. They must still expend Glamour, but in a
land created from Dreamstuff, replenishing Glamour is as easy

Realm. Bitter rivalries from the past can reignite, and so can
romances that were completely forgotten. These relationships,
too, can lead to disaster, especially when a third party has since
stepped into the picture. Some Kithain forget themselves when
they first enter the Near Dreaming; they can easily become lost
in the past, and act as if what once was still is. Brutal battles
have been waged between longtime friends, as a result of

v2 as drinking water ftom a cool stream or even breathing the

NA perfume of the trees. Even on trods, it's easier to replenish

>) Glamour.

>

entering the Dreaming together. The same holds true of old
lovers entering the Near Dreaming. It's a tare changeling who
can long stand the sight of a true love suddenly devoting
attention to someone from past adventures and glories.

Dreams and Nighcmares


As Banalizy Fades i"

While it might take a few days in the timeless Dream-
ingfor it to happen, Banality does begin to wash away from &
aKithain in the Near Dreaming. For some, the difference
is negligible, but for the grumps, the difference is almost
always immediately noticeable. The lines of bitterness fade
from a mouth often pulled into a scowl, and the eyes that
previously seemed faded begin to sparkle again. It's not all that
unusual for a grump to decide to stay in the Near Dreaming
when the rest of a motley is ready to go. In many ways, the
return to the Dreaming is like a chance to rectify everything
that went wrong — not physically, but in the mind. Many
grumps see the situation as an opportunity to start over, and a
few have even managed to make a go of it.

Grumps in the Near Dreaming find the freedom from
Banality's grip hard to sacrifice, for they know in their hearts
that their return to the mundane world will mean the return of
itsslow, inevitable dulling. Murfred Trueaim, a boggan of some
repute in the Kingdom of Pacifica, said his farewells to his
motley and set off along a trod that led to the Deep Dreaming.
His last words to his longtime friends were inscribed ona statue
created in his honor: "I can no more return to the mundane
world than I could willingly surrender my life to cancer.
Banality creeps up on you like arthritis of the soul. I'll not feel
that pain again." Below that inscription is the boggan's full
name and another inscription: "He Smiled as He Left Us, and
His Heart was Unburdened." A few who report having seen
Murfred in the distance, not too far from the trod leading to the
frechold, swear the old grump looked a dozen years younger.

Arts and Realms in the Near Dreaming are more powerful
than in the mundane world. In the latter, cantrips usually have
only chimerical effects, but in the former, all their effects are
real. The same stands true of chimerical weapons and creatures.
In the Near Dreaming, items crafted from Dreamstuff take on
anew solidity. The damage caused by a chimerical mace is real
here, and so is the damage it inflicts. Death in the Near
Dreaming means death in the mundane world as well. Chimeri-
cal death simply doesn't exist in the Mythic Realms.

QDorcals and che Near Dreaming.

Although it's rare that mortals actually enter the Near
Dreaming, it does happen from time to time. Some of the
influences remain the same as for changelings. Chimerical
damage in the Near Dreaming is still "real" damage, even for
mortals. In this sense, dreams can kill you. Mundanes who find
themselves in the Dreaming at any stage soon discover that
changelings have powers beyond mortal imagination. Mages,
too, often learn this truth. Many of them manage to penetrate
the barrier that separates them from the Dreaming and soon.
learn that the world isn't exactly what they originally perceived
itto be. Time doesn't work on mortals the same way it does on
Kithain. Mage and Sleeper alike sometimes discover that,
during their few hours in the Near Dreaming, they were away
from the Flesh Realm for several months. Just as often, the
opposite is true; half a lifetime spent among changelings in the
Near Dreaming sometimes is only an hour for mortals.

Another fact is that the Mists work in both directions for
mortals. The Mists often pull away mortals' mundane memo-
ries and leave them disoriented when they arrive in the Dream-
ing. All their beliefs in the banal are washed from them as surely
as they are from the Kithain. The difference is, the effect on
humans is strictly temporary: When mortals return to the
mundane world, their Banality returns too. Most mortals re-
member their time in the Dreamingas little more thana dream,
though sometimes a particularly vivid one.

There is another part of the Dreaming that waits eagerly
for mortals and seeks to claim what it once had. Every human
dreams, and their dreams are a part of the Dreaming, along with
their nightmares. Every hope and ambition they've discarded
waits in the Mythic Realm, along with their past fears and the
secret dreads they lock away in the darkest parts of their souls.

Chimera sense when a mortal enters the Dreaming, and
ones formed from the mind of the mortal in question often
come seeking their creator. Most chimera are drawn by the raw
Dreamstuff the human can generate when asleep. They've no
real intentions toward the mortal one way or the other. A few
seek something more, though. The personal nightmares of the
human who finds herself in the Dreaming come to do what
they've always sought to accomplish: to terrify and even to

destroy. The dream lovers and erotic fantasies of the Dreamer
sometimes come seeking to soothe the pain of the waking
world. Others, such as long-abandoned imaginary friends, who
were always there when needed and then were discarded like so
much rubbish, want something else. They seek revenge, or, at
the very least, they demand to know why they were abandoned.
Being creatures of dream, the answers they seek will seldom
bear any connection to logic. Mages and dreamers alike have
something to fear upon entering the Dreaming. Fortunately for
them, chimera can move only so fast, and once abandoned,
they can end up anywhere in the Dreaming. It often takes a
long, long time for the chimera of an imaginary friend to reach
its progenitor; otherwise, few mortals would survive their first
few minutes walking through the Dreaming.

Occasionally, humans visit the Dreaming when they sleep
and dream. Most mortals must be enchanted by Glamour to
enter the Dreaming as a physical being. Once enchanted, they
can remain in the Dreaming for a very long time, especially if
their enchantment is replenished.

Enchanted humans must gather fresh Glamour in one of
two ways. They can either be granted the Glamour by a
changeling, or they can consume the food of the Dreaming.
Humans who eat the food of the Dreaming risk certain prob-


lems, however. They can enchant themselves into a world of
trouble by eating too much. Food of the Dreaming isa delicacy,
often tasting exactly like whatever a mortal might crave. When
eaten in very small quantities — a single grape, or a finger
sandwich for example — the Dreamstuff food can nourish a
mortal for however long they remain in the Dreaming (and give
them extra time in the Mythic Realms, too). But gluttonous
mortals who partake freely of the food of the Dreaming are
effectively enchanting themselves. Each morsel increases the
enchantment and also adds to the effects of the Mists of
Forgetfulness. Anyone who eats too much is likely to forget not
only where they are but who they are. The luckier humans who
overindulge find themselves stumbling from the woods near
their homes perhaps 20 years after their last meal. The unlucky
ones often end up as the main course for one of the deadlier
chimera in the Dreaming.

Mages often find the Dreaming defies their magick. The
laws of physics no longer apply in the same way, and all their
beliefs in the Spheres fall short of the reality of the Dreaming.
What should occur seldom does, as the Dreaming makes the
tules in its domain. An attempt to cast lightning from the sky
is more likely to conjure a chimerical nightmare than it is to
generate electricity. In most cases, the results of these attempts
are harmless, and after a fashion mages can indeed work magick
while they visit the Dream Realms, but the end results are likely
towork properly only if the mage can comprehend the Arts and

Chimerical Deach
and CDorcals

The Dreaming sometimes finds itself in an un-
usual predicament. The Mists of Forgetfulness and
Glamour can get a human into the Mythic Realm and
make them obey the laws of the Dreaming, but they do
not remove the mortal shell ofa human in the process.
Chimerical death for changelings in the Dreaming
means death, pure and simple. But chimerical death
for mortals leaves a human who is no longer con-
nected to the Dreaming, and who risks infecting the
Mythic Realm with Banality.

The solution for this problem is simple and effec-
tive: When in doubt, discard the potential threat.
Humans who suffer chimerical death in the Dreaming
are immediately "dropped" into one of the Umbrae. In
the cases of wraiths, Garou and mages, they all fall into
the appropriate Umbra. In the cases of the rare vam-
pire who can gain access to the Dreaming, she is
dropped into the Shadowlands — where she often
finds waiting for her a large number of wraiths who
wish to discuss the method of their demise. In the case
of Dreamers, they usually end up in the Near High
Umbra, where they are subject to the whims of the
Weaver and the Banality the Weaver generates.

Realms of the changelings, who long ago mastered the odd
physics of the Dreaming.

Even here, mages are not safe from Paradox. If anything,
they're more likely to suffer for their attempts to change the
rules. A Nephandus mage of some repute once managed to
enter the Near Dreaming. She was familiar with changelings,
after having done a great deal of research and having tortured
the truths of the Dreaming from a dozen or so of the Kithain.

Her plan was simple enough: By controlling the Dreaming,
she believed she could control the dreams of all mankind. By
controlling the dreams of the Sleepers, she was certain she
could control their reality. She was hardly the first to reach
such a conclusion, nor was she the only one to suffer for her
folly.

At first, she believed her scheme was working. She cast a
summoning spell to bring forth her masters, hoping to free
them into the world by bypassing the barriers between the
Umbrae and the mortal world. For her troubles, demons did
indeed appear, as did other things from the Nightmare Realm.
She made her requests and believed her dark masters heard her
and granted her desires.

At that precise moment, the Dreaming took notice of the
Nephandus, actual notice as opposed to the casual notice Ithad
given her before. The Dreaming was not amused. With the fury
of a thousand storms, the Nightmare Realm the foolish mage
had summoned rained down upon her. In seconds, her mind
was shattered...her body took a much longer time to expire.

Mages would do well to understand that the Dreaming
takes care of Itself and Its minions. The Dreaming is alive,
though not in any way mere mortals could hope to understand.

Places of Import in the
Near Dreaming

There are stable points in the Near Dreaming, places
where even the Firchlis doesn't manage to erase every feature
of the Dreamscape. These are places of great import to the
changelings, for they are rare markers that can help a Kithain
find trods if she's willing to risk the inherent dangers around
them. Some are rivers, some are mountains and some are cities
not quite like the ones seen in the mundane world.

Every Kingdom of the changelings is reflected in the Near
Dreaming, just as surely as every city of the mortals is reflected
in the Umbrae. Unlike those other reflections, the Kingdoms
change constantly, victims— or beneficiaries — of the Firchlis.

Certain elements always remain the same: the trods and
the buildings remain intact, though they, too, undergo con-
stant alteration. In the Kingdoms of the Kithain, the desires
and needs of changelings are constantly seen to by the Near
Dreaming. Each Kingdom reflects the dreams of the Kithain
and especially the dreams of its rulers. Seelie Kingdoms remain
bright, cheerful places where the sounds of happiness fill the
air. Unseelie Kingdoms often feature dark landscapes that drift

Chapzer One: The Near Dreaming


Rules of che Dreaming

The following is asummary of rules modifications
that can be used when changeling characters are in
the Near Dreaming.

© Cantrips are, by their very nature, easier to cast
while the caster is in the Near Dreaming. The diffi-
culty for all cantrips is lowered by one. (The difficulty
can never be lowered below 4, however.)

© All new memories gained while in the Near
Dreaming are erased when the character leaves the
Dreaming.

¢ All things chimerical are considered to be
Wyrd while in the Dreaming, which means any dam-
age inflicted by a cantrip or a chimerical creature or
item is real. This damage remains once the character
leaves the Dreaming. Changelings killed in the Dream-
ing are forever lost, while other supernaturals and
mortals are expelled into the nearest appropriate
Umbra (see page 31).

¢ While in the Dreaming, temporary and even
permanent Banality begins to fade. See page 12 for
further details on this effect.

IED)

Qk, =
LOSSES

OTR

further from the mundane world with every passing day. The
Shadow Court holds these dark palaces in the Near Dreaming,
whether or not they hold power in the corresponding mortal
realms. Here, the chimera are stronger, more capable of ruling
over anything they desire. The Kingdoms reflected in the Near
Dreaming are likelier to have dragons or giants in true control,
rather than any mere changeling. A freehold found at the heart
of such a Kingdom is safe from the dangers of the cities around
it, protected by the Silver Path. But there are very real dangers
to wandering through the cities in the Near Dreaming. They
may reflect the ideals and hopes of the Kithain, but they also
incorporate the dreams and goals of mortals, as well as their
fears and nightmares.

While in the Near Dreaming Kingdoms, changelings can
encounter the actual dreams of slumbering mortals. They can
touch those dreams and take from them what they will, without
causing any harm to the Dreamers in the mundane world.
Much to the frustration of many Unseelie Kithain, however,
fae can effect only cosmetic changes upon those dreams. Not
even Kithain with the Dream-Craft Art can influence the
dreams of Mortals, save to add an occasional element and make
the dream more pleasant or less so.

There are tales of powerful Kithain sorcerers capable of
mutating dreams for their own purposes, but ifany such beings still
exist, they are well hidden, perhaps even dwelling in Arcadia. The
chimera of the Near Dreaming simply don't listen well to the
orders of changelings, not even the commands of the sidhe.

32 Dreams and Nighcmares

8 The Greac Chasm

Occupying the same location that the Grand Canyon does
in the mundane world, the Great Chasm is a bottomless crack
across the face of the Near Dreaming. Few Kithain are bold or
foolish enough to journey into its depths, for here be monsters.

The Great Chasm manifested not long after the Shatter-
ing, ripping through the Dreaming and causing no end of
trouble for the nunnehi. Even the Firchlis has no noticeable
effect on the shape of the Great Chasm. The Great Chasm is
the only stable Nightmare Realm on the continent, and it is a
constant source of new fears, a Spawning Field for chimerical
nightmares and dark, foul things.

But it's rumored that the Great Chasm also holds treasures
long thought lost to the world and the Kithain. Although no
evidence exists, many claim the greatest chimerical treasures
ever seen are hidden in the depths of the Great Chasm, from
Excalibur to the Black Cauldron of Arawn. There is only one
certainty about the Great Chasm: it exists in all levels of the
Dreaming, and on all levels it is a source of nightmares.

The Rivers of Phancasia

The Rivers of Phantasia cover the continent in the Near
Dreaming, just as the Colorado, Mississippi and Rio Grande
cover the United States of America. Although only a few
Kingdoms are blessed by these waters, their influence is always
felt when changelings manage to find them. The waters of
these rivers are as pure and sweet as the finest of dreams.
Drinking from these waters is enough to soothe any hunger and
can even cure wounds, both real and chimerical. At certain
points, the Rivers of Phantasia are allegedly capable of erasing
the years froma changeling. Grumps who drink from the waters
can grow younger, even to the point of becoming mere childlings
once more. While no memories are lost as a result of these
changes in age, outlooks are reversed: It's not only the body
that grows younger, but the soul as well.

Perhaps the Kithain could benefit more from such spots,
but the locations move constantly along the Rivers of Phantasia,
pushed by the Firchlis, despite the unchanging appearance of
the rivers.

The Lake of Sorrows

Where the Great Salt Lake rests in the Kingdom of the
Burning Sun, the Lake of Sorrows is mirrored in the Near
Dreaming. The Lake of Sorrows holds within its depths a city
of incredible beauty and unspeakable majesty. Towers rise
beneath the waters and come within inches of the air; occa-
sionally, an individual sees the inhabitants of this city looking
up at him, even as he peers down into the waters. Treasures
beyond the scope of mortal imagination gleam brightly in the
depths, sometimes held in hands and sometimes resting on the
mother-of-pearl-colored cobblestones in the very depths of the
lake. This city thrives, filled with Kithain both familiar and
unknown to changelings. Despite changelings' powers and

Yas


their fabulous abilities, though, they cannot reach the city
beneath the surface. Many sidhe have gazed upon this wonder
and wept openly. No one knows for certain what this city
should be called, but a few of the sidhe swear it resembles
Arcadia in every aspect.

Arcadia or not, it is close enough to see and still remains
forever out of reach.

The Seas of Dream

The Near Dreaming has oceans, just as the waking world
has oceans. While they reflect the placement of the mundane
seas, the Seas of Dream are collective wonders unto them-
selves. Somewhere in the depths of the oceans, Atlantis still
rests, and the merpeople make their homes. Great leviathans
sleep here, waiting until the proper time to make their presence
known and dreaming dreams beyond even Kithain compre-

hension. Cities float beneath the waves, some still thriving,
some long abandoned, all waiting to reveal their secrets to any
curious and brave enough to explore them.

Somewhere beyond the Seas of Dream, there are other
lands, all with secrets and wonders of their own. Perhaps they
are only a day away from Concordia, perhaps the trip would
take millennia. In the end, there's only one real way to find out.

There are trods in the Seas of Dream. They glisten as faint
trails where the sea is always calmer and the winds are notas harsh.
Although most are not as visible as the Silver Path, they are still
noticeable to experienced sailors of the Seas of Dream. As with
other trods, these water-bound paths protect changelings wise
enough to follow them. Even the greatest waves can't harma ship
that runs along the Silver Path. As with other trods, carelessness
almost always leads to disaster. In the Seas of Dream, great spans
of ocean surrender themselves to the Otherwhere.



Sven awoke to a thunderous pulse of pain in the back of his head
and to the sound of coarse laughter. He tried to open one eye slowly,
butfound it crusted shut. Without moving, he tried his other eye and,
though his view was mostly of the ground, he found he could see. He
almost wished he couldn't. In the distance, what was left of the
sailing ship Dreamcatcher lay broken on a grassy hill. Several
redcaps moved about the ruin, pillaging what they could or breaking
away boards to feed the bonfire raging near the wreck.

The troll slowly moved his head and winced as the pain in his
skull flared. With his one good eye, he looked around, assessing what
he could of the situation. Mailanka was not far away, his muscular
arms hoisted above his head and his feet dangling several inches from

the ground. The eshu had fought well, but the redcaps were too

many. Alongside the eshut hung Dmitri, bound in similar fashion.
His left hoof was broken and bleeding, his torso stained red with his
own blood.

The world seemed to swim a bit, but when his vision refocused,
Sven could see that the two bound fae before him seemed. ..different.
They were more than they had been a second before. Despite his
wounds, Dmitri appeared robust, and fairly exuded a raw sex
appeal. Mailanka seemed taller, stronger and somehow wilder. The
eshu threw himself away from the tree where he was bound, shaking
his arms to free himself, all to no avail. Despite his efforts, all the eshu
managed was to make the redcaps laugh again.

Sven looked around some more, focusing on the redcaps
Bloody Nick stood a few feet away, eyeing the troll with sadistic glee
The redcap's expression overflowed with spite, and the perpetual

—=

aX

AA

SS

grin where Sven had long ago cleaved away a portion of Nick's face
seemed somehow more feral.

"Ain't you lookin' pretty, me bucko. Ain't you quite the sight!
It's true what they say; the deeper into the Dreaming you go, the
more your faerie form reveals itself. Why, if you weren't presently
strapped to a tree, I might even think about being scairt of ye."

Sven forced his other eye open, grunting as the crusted blood
finally gave way. The cool night air burned like fire against the orb,
but he could still see. That was a plus.

The troll strained his arms and sought to free himself from his
bonds. He stopped immediately when he heard Magda's scream.

Bloody Nick laughed, revealing the rest of his iron-colored
teeth. "I'dnot do that, laddie. You'll only hurt the wench I've locked
on the other side of the tree."

"Magda?" Sven's voice sounded different to his own ears,
deeper, more powerful. A rumble of thunder in a coming storm.
"Madga? Are you hurt?"

Nick came closer, and patted Sven's face, though he was careful
to avoid the troll's mouth. Sven heard Magda whimper from the other
side of the tree they had been chained to. "Don't you worry your
pretty little self. She's all right for now. We may be a hungry lot, but
we're not swine. We know how to ration our supplies."

For a moment, Sven allowed himself to relax just a fraction.
Mailanka, Dmitri, Magda, all alive. Then he tightened, looking
around, straining his neck muscles as he tried to find his other friend.

Bloody Nick roared with wicked humor, his entire body shaking

Chapzer Two: The Far Dreaming

and tears forming at the corners of his eyes. For the first time, Sven
noticed that Nick's cap was wet, bloody. "That's right, old son.
Now you're getting the picture! | was wondering how long ye'd take

to notice one of your lot was missing!" The redcap laughed harder
still, great gales of mirth that shook the trees around them.

Sven looked around again, calling out for his friend. "Walter!
Where are you lad? Where've you hidden yourself?" He wanted
desperately to hear the boggan's voice: slightly nervous, shaken,
even injured would be a wonderful sound. Instead, there were only
Bloody Nick's guffaws and the sound of the other redcaps joining in.

"Oh, laddie, I wisht I had me a camera to take a picture of that
face you're makin'." The redcap slapped a companionable hand
against Sven's shoulder and squeezed with what seemed genuine
affection. "Aye, but it's a sight I know many would pay to see."

"LL KILL YOU!" Sven roared, his vision blurring red.

Nick leaped back, holding one hand out in a warding gesture.
"Careful Sven, you'll hurt your precious friend if youbreak those chains.
I know for a fact she'd never survive the strain. Wrapped them links
around her neck myself, I did." As if to emphasize Nick' point, Magda
cried out again, tortured by the strain Sven put on their bonds. The troll
relented immediately, silently cursing the murderer before him.

"Y' know what I like best about the Far Dreaming, lad?" Bloody

CL,

TR

Ky

OGL

)

a Vive
Ws

ISLS OSI OOS OSI SSS OSS OSMOSIS,

Nick came closer, his eyes glittering with dark amusement. "We can
be ourselves here. We can follow our true nature and never worry
for a second. There's no Banality that can make us sick or weak in
the Far Realms." He paused a moment to wipe spittle from the gaping
hole where no skin covered his teeth. Sven studied the redcap,
noticing that he, too, was more than what he had been. He was
stronger, darker and overall a more frightening figure. Nick wiped
blood from his brow as it trickled down from his cap. Then he licked
the blood from his hand. "We don't have to feel so restrained, if ye
unnerstand what I'm saying."

Sven felt the chains around his wrist tighten, though he didn't
dare move a muscle. Afraid that Nick might notice, he sought to
draw the murderer's attention. "What did you do with Walter, you
bastard?"

Bloody Nick put on as innocent a face as he could muster, his
bloodshot eyes wide with false sincerity. "Why, nothin' that didn't

come natural. T'wasn't me what cut him apart, but I confess I got

the best pickings." The redcap stepped directly up to Sven, inches
separating their faces. "I ate the little bugger. Me and my mates had
us a feast." He stepped away again, a wide, nasty smile plastered
across his frightening visage. "But I saved the best part for you, old
son. The very finest morsel."


Nick reached into a small bag at his hip. The leather sack
dripped red tears. When his hand came out, it held a bloody lump of
meat and gristle. "I saved you the heart, Sven. And I'll make youa
deal." Bloody Nick ran his black tongue over his exposed teeth,
obviously savoring the taste of victory. "You eat this little morsel,
here and now, and I'll let the rest of your mates go. I'll still kill you
either way, but at least ye'll die with your honor intact."

Sven opened his mouth to issue a curse. Before the words could
pass his lips, the chains around his wrists dropped to the ground,
rattling and chattering as they fell. Bloody Nick's eyes grew very,
very wide. The redcap tried to step back, fear making his face even
uglier than usual.

The words fell away from Sven's mouth, unuttered and un-
needed. Sven stepped forward, his hands clutching at the air and
wanting nothing more than the feel of Nick breaking between them.

Bloody Nick stepped back hastily, even as his own men realized
the gravity of the situation. "Bloody 'ell! The troll's busted free!"

The redcaps scrambled to stand, grabbing their weapons and
knocking aside whatever they'd plundered from the downed ship.

Sven grinned with unholy ferocity. "Now you die. All of you,"
he said, and the redcaps knew fear.

Geography of the Far Dreaming

The Dreaming changes the deeper you go beyond its
borders. As the influence of humanity's consciousness fades, as
the more powerful dreams present themselves, the Dreaming
becomes more irreal. The Dream Realm called the Far Dream-
ing no longer holds any reflection of the Flesh World and
surrenders instead to the endless possibilities of the imagina-
tion. The Far Dreaming is undiluted by banal influences,
though it, too, is created by mortal dreams.

The Far Dreaming is home to many of the collective dreams
of humans. There are even more Stable Points here than in the
Near Dreaming, and they change less often than the structuresand
shapes of those dreams closest to the human heart.

The Far Dreamingis less fragmented by the Shattering than the
Near Dreaming. The bubbles of Dreamstuff that forge the Dream
Realms here are larger and often more ponderous, less volatile.
Although the trods are less frequent here, they still occur and still
breathe life into the ever-changing reality of the Dreaming.

The Far Dreaming is closer to the true power of dreams,
older and far more established than the Near Dreaming. Most
of the ideas within this region are hundreds or even thousands
of years old, established in the time before the Shattering,
when anything was still possible. The chimera of the Far
Dreaming are more likely to be dragons and manticores than
simple images of lost loves and bullies who terrorized us when
we were young. The Dream Realms truly hold a part of the
Mythic Age within them and still have the strength to alter
changelings who journey into their depths.

Although there is no correlation between the Far Dream-
ing and the waking world, the two still bear many similarities.
The weather here is less mercurial than in the Near Dreaming,
though far more powerful in nce. A wind that might
blow gently in the Near Dreaming fairly howls through the


trees of the Far Dreaming. Further removed from human
influence, the mountains and streams of the Far Dreaming are
larger than life, harsher to cross and purer.

There's mystery to the Far Dreaming. Far fewer change-
lings ever dare the forests and glens here than risk the ones in
the Near Realms. Even those sidhe who've traveled the Far
Dreaming repeatedly sense the difference in the very air they
breathe. Here, the Kithain are closer to the source from which
they all came so long ago, so many lifetimes in the past.

Between the Near Dreaming and the Far is a place called
the Vale of Mists. No matter how a changeling passes into the
Far Dreaming, she inevitably passes through the Vale. This
mystic border is a part of the Dreaming's natural defenses and
cannot be bypassed, not even by the most powerful Kithain or
mortal mages.

Encering che Far Dreaming

The ways into the Far Dreaming are limited. Under nor-
mal circumstances, the only way to enter the Far Dreaming is
by following a trod from the Near Dreaming or a Path of Balor
from one of the Umbrae. Even the trods beneath the waters of
the Seas of Dream lead to the Far Dreaming eventually, though
the course is often a longer one than anyone ever expects.

There are, however, other, accidental ways to get here.
Chimera from the Far Dreaming often move through the Mists
to seek entertainment or food in the Near Dreaming, where
prey is less deadly and easier to capture. Several Kithain have
found themselves on a one-way trip to the Far Dreaming in the
claws of a dragon or the talons of a roc.

On rare occasions, the Firchlis can push a changeling into
the Far Dreaming. This occurs only if a changeling stumbles off
a trod or when a Kithain is trapped in a Madness Realm.
Individuals who end up in the Far Dreaming in this way often
find themselves just as lost as they were before and perhaps in
far greater danger. Every threat found in the Near Dreaming is
a hundred times worse in the Far.

The last way to get to the Far Dreaming is to fall into the
realm. Many Kithain try their hands at flying in the Dreaming,
where Banality can't destroy their creations and threaten their
lives. Even the meekest of changelings understands that the
Dreaming allows wonders as a matter of course, and the chance
to ride a flying carpet or sail in a flying ship is a temptation too
great to resist. Sudden storms brought on by the Firchlis can
send changelings who travel by such means spiraling from the
Near to the Far Dreaming with ease, even if the closest
entrance to the Far Dreaming is hundreds of leagues away. As
with all cases in which the Kithain fail to reach the Far
Dreaming by way of a trod, there's no guarantee of survival for
an airborne Kithain suddenly whisked into the Far Realms.

The Ways of the Far Dreaming

Beyond the Vale of Mists, the Far Dreaming awaits, ready
to embrace the fae like lost children. Many changelings find a
few unexpected surprises when they arrive here.
is the return of

The first of the Far Dreaming's surprises

Le > > >S > >= >S = gm mg >s >

\

&
Sa

i
The Chrysalis Revisiced

The Mists protect changelings from Banality more
than they ever realize. What they see as a curse — the
loss of memories and the disparities in time itself — are
actually a blessing. Even minds as open as those of the
fae aren't designed to remember the glories of the Far
Dreaming. Left with their memories of the Dreaming
intact, most Kithain would feel Banality's cold poison
more than they do already.

When a changeling enters the Far Dreaming, the
Mists of Forgetfulness part to reveal even more of his
past. These returning memories are fragmented still,
but they hold hints and clues as to the lives a change-
ling lived in earlier times.

This second layer of restored memories is almost as
overwhelmingas the First Chrysalis, though no change-
ling has ever been driven insane by the returning
memories. Most of what is recalled comes in snippets
and pieces. No one can learn "forgotten" Arts and
Realms as a result of passing through the Second
Chrysalis. They might more clearly recall once having
known other Arts and Realms, but the recollection
does not deliver with it the skills necessary to use such
abilities.

Secrets can still be relearned, nonetheless. In some
cases, memories of where a Kithain hid something in
another life return upon emergence from the Second
Chrysalis. The locations of ancestral swords or items of
power can return in an instant, as can lengthy episodes
from past lives. These remembrances often leave a
changeling dazed for several minutes, as he collects his
thoughts and sorts through the onslaught of old memo-
ties made new. Once again, there is a serious risk of
ancient rivalries and loves resurfacing, both of which
can make life far more difficult for a questing motley.

What the Dreaming gives, it also takes back. New
memories are lost when the Kithain leaves the Far
Dreaming and passes again through the Mists of Forget-
fulness. Unless a changeling writes down notes about
what is remembered, nothing can be recalled after
leaving the Far Dreaming. Sometimes, even written
notes will fade away upon leaving the Twilight Realm.
The Dreaming is very protective of the knowledge it
holds, and it works in subtle but powerful ways to
defend itself against Banality.

Kithain memories, of experiences from previous lives, which
come back in flashes and fleeting images. This experience is
almost as powerful as the Chrysalis and is often called the
Second Chrysalis to reflect that knowledge.

The Augmen

"There was somethin wild that crep into her face, Dave —

SEAL

something wild and something free, and it frightened my heart. She
was beautiful, and I was took with love for her, anyone would have
been, any man anyway, and maybe any woman too, but I was scairt
of her too, because she looked like she'd kill you if her eye left the road
and fell on you and she decided to love you back."

— Stephen King, "Mrs. Todd's Shortcut"

Changelings who enter the Far Dreaming go through
physical and mental changes as they pass farther from the
effects of mortal Banality. What makes them Kithain becomes
stronger, more defined in the Far Dreaming. The term the fae
give this metamorphosis is the Augmen.

The Augmen is not an immediate change. It takes place
over the course of hours or even days, depending on the
Glamour within a changeling.

The Augmen has its effect on mortals, too. While it draws
forth more of the fae nature in changelings, it dims more of the
human mind. Belief in another world beyond the Dreaming fades
quickly, as the Mythic Realm reveals its secrets for the human
visitor to see. In this way, the Mists are kind; any mortal who truly
saw the Far Dreaming in all its glory would likely be stuck blind and
deaf. There are things that humans were not meant to know.

The physical changes are usually the most obvious, though
the mental alterations are normally noticeable to individuals
closest to a fae who goes through the Augmen. Below are
examples of how the Augmen affects the different kith.

Boggans

Boggans become less human in appearance as they enter the
Far Dreaming. In a short span of time, their faces grow darker, and
their hair grows longer. Whatever clothes they wore when they
entered are transformed, becoming more Spartan and practical.
Whatever calluses they might bear become heavier, increasing the
toughness of their skin. Boggans of a kinder mien seem softer and
grow heavier as they move through the Far Dreaming. Ones of a
crueler nature, the vindictive and spiteful, grow leaner and seem
almost reptilian in features, though their skin remains alternately
soft and callused. Most of the latter also develop mouths filled with
sharp, needlelike fangs.

Boggans tend to become either more helpful or more
spiteful (depending upon their Court) while in the Far Dream-
ing. Their friends often find the kith preparingall the meals and
even setting up camp for the night. The vindictive boggans
tend to make more acid comments and do their best to make
everyone around them suffer. The boggans can no more stop
this behavior than they can survive without their hearts — an
option sometimes considered by their fellow travelers in the
depths of the Far Dreaming.

¢ The Craftwork Birthright increases subtly. If unob-
served, boggans can accomplish any task involving simple
physical labor in one-sixth the time it would take a mortal, one-
third the time if they are observed.

© The Social Dynamics Birthright no longer requires adie
roll. The boggans' ability to understand group dynamics is far
more powerful, though it might still take them a while to puzzle
out the details.

Chapzer Two: The Far Dreaming


© Call of the Needy is a true bane in the Far Dreaming.
Here, a boggan cannot resist aiding people in need, unless he
spends a Willpower point.

Eshu

Eshu in the Far Dreaming grow stronger, taller and more
capable of traveling by foot even than in their "normal" seeming.
Their energy increases, and often even the oldest grumps among
them can outrun the finest steed. Their faces grow wilder, taking
on characteristics of the animals in all the lands they've visited.
While the transformation is subtle, the changes are still very
noticeable. Finally, the eyes of eshu change in the Far Dreaming
and become darker than before. Individuals who stare into the eyes
of an eshu in the Far Dreaming often grow mesmerized, imagining
— or perhaps not imagining — that they can see the places where
the eshu has traveled reflected in those dark, luminous eyes. The
wanderlust that drives the eshu ever forward soon becomes a near-
obsession. In some cases, the eshu can no longer stand to remain
in one place for more than an hour, even if the rest of his motley
is exhausted and can't go any further. Most solve this problem by
circling their friends, guarding them as the eshu burn the energy
that lends constant restlessness.

© The Spirit Pathways Birthright grows much stronger in

the Far Dreaming. The Eshu know when danger is near, though
not necessarily what the source of that danger is. Also, they are
always able to find the closest trod, should they stray away from
the Shining Path.

¢ The Talecraft Birthright grows powerful to the level of
distraction. Eshu telling tales in the Far Dreaming actually
generate chimera to act out parts of the story being told. Once
the tale is finished, the chimera disappear.

¢ Recklessness here means an eshu cannot resist a chal-
lenge, fair or unfair, without expending a Willpower point.

Nockers

While in the Far Dreaming, nockers tend to become reflec-
tions of their creative bent. Ones who work with metals begin to
take on characteristics of metal; their faces grow more angular, and
their eyes tend to glisten with a metallic sheen. Some even gain a
voice that is hollow and echoes ever so faintly. Even the hair of
nockers can become more wiry, thicker and metallic. Likewise,
‘ones who work mostly with wood begin to take on the character-
istics of their chosen material. They develop skin textures not
unlike the grain of wood or sometimes barklike and hard as oak.
Nockers who work with multiple substances often take on subtler
characteristics of all their different materials.

Le >

Zs
Y
Mh


Many nockers are driven to the edge of madness in the Far
Dreaming. Ideas that were barely concepts in the backs of their
minds soon become detailed designs, and the nockers often
find themselves distracted by the flow of creativity. During
their time in the Far Realms, most nockers must create some-
thing, anything. Even while walking with their companions,
they tend to find something to whittle or form with their hands.

¢ The Chimera Creation Birthright requires only half the
normal successes needed on die rolls to complete the task.

The Fix-It-All Birthright no longer requires any rolls. A
nocker can fix anything, though they must still take time to
figure out just what they're working on before they can fix it.

¢ The Flaws Frailty is a source of disaster for the nockers.
Everything they build is flawed, and in the Far Dreaming their
creations are also fragile. Any Crafts roll without at least one 10
rolled means the item will shatter if dropped or struck.

Pooka

The changes in pooka are hardly subtle. The farther these
Kithain travel into the Far Dreaming, the less human they
appear. Their bone structure, the coloration of their skin and
even the texture of their hair take on more bestial qualities,
matching up more closely to their animal affinities. A rabbit
pooka might develop a light coating of fur, and the color of his
hair would change to match the fur of his rabbit form. A cat
pooka would develop claws and rounder teeth, even as her eyes
developed more catlike proportions and her senses grew keener.

Pooka grow more secretive in the Far Dreaming; they also
grow simultaneously more enchanting and more annoying.
Where the occasional prank might be enough under normal
circumstances, the pooka seem unable to resist untying boot
straps or cutting most of the way through the hardened wood of
abow. Anything for a laugh, sometimes without regard for the
consequences. Their lies also become larger as ridiculous exag-
geration and blatant falsehoods abound. But their energy is, if
anything, even more infectious. Everyone around them in the
Far Dreaming manages almost never to take offense at the
pooka: They're just too damned cute.

The Shapechanging Birthright no longer requires that a
pooka be alone to change shapes. Additionally, the pooka may
change the size of his animal form, anywhere from one-third its
usual dimensions to three times larger than normal. Five-foot-
tall bunnies aren't all chat unusual in the Far realms.

¢ The Confidant Birthright is stronger as well. The
difficulty for getting a target to spill his guts is now only one-
half the target's Willpower (round down).

© Lies is the Frailty for Pooka, and in the Far Dreaming it
is amplified. They no longer believe what anyone tells them;
even if they know they're being told the truth, they can'taccept
what they hear as anything but a lie.

Redcaps

Redcaps are born of nightmare, and their appearance changes
to match their birthplace as they delve deeper into the Far
Dreaming. Their skin, already rough, soon resembles the texture

Ste

of coarse sandpaper, and their massive teeth grow sharper and
more menacing, often taking on a color similar to iron or granite.
Whatever color their hair normally is, the Dreaming soon paints
it blood red. The ragged nails on their hands grow thicker, capable
of rending flesh without need of a weapon.

Most disturbing of all, their appetites increase, leaving the
redcaps perpetually hungry for fresh, raw meat. Seelie and
Unseelie redcaps alike soon start to suffer for their dark appe-
tites, as they long to indulge in the bloody treats they enjoyed
before the Shattering.

© The redcaps' notorious Dark Appetite Birthright ischanged
in hellish ways. The mouths of redcaps grow impossibly wide,
allowing them to sink their teeth into much larger items. Their
preference for raw, bloody meat is also increased, and though they
can eat anything, the redcaps begin to crave the meat of fresh kills
the way a heroin addict wants a fix. If deprived of fresh meat for
more than a day, the redcap must make a Willpower roll to avoid
"Just taking a nibble" from the closest target.

The Bully Browbeat Birthright is much stronger in the Far
Dreaming. Difficulties on all Intimidation rolls are reduced by four
or more. The difficulty to resist this ability increases by two.

© The redcaps' Bad Attitude becomes even worse, as their
true nature is revealed for all to see in the Far Dreaming. Even
the kindest of Seelie redcaps can't resist the taste of hot, raw
meat and fresh blood in the Far Realms. In any social situation
except browbeating, the redcap suffers a penalty of +4 or more.

Sacyrs

The satyrs change in ways more subtle than most change-
lings. The bestial aspects of their bodies are only slightly
increased, but they exude an intoxicating musk that makes
members of the opposite sex weak in the knees. The fur on their
legs grows thicker, and their hooves become more pronounced.
The horns on their head inevitably grow longer, in the case of
grumps often curling back into ramlike bludgeons. Perhaps
most unsettling of all, their eyes take on a goatlike quality,
lending an alien attraction to their glance. Satyrs also grow
more energetic in the Far Dreaming. Their legs grow more
powerful and their running speed is doubled.

The satyrs' sexual drive is always increased while in the Far
Dreaming, which is a frightening concept for many fae. Like-
wise, their sexual attraction is increased substantially. Even
changelings who can't tolerate a particular satyr's behavior
under normal circumstances have trouble concentrating on
anything but the desire to get intimate with the very fae who
annoys them.

© The Gift of Pan Birthright no longer requires that the
satyr actually use a musical instrument or sing. Satyrs can stir
the carnal desires of others merely by willing it, though there is
still a chance that others can resist the Gift of Pan with a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8).

¢ A satyr's Physical Prowess Birthright now grants +2 to
their Stamina and doubles their already incredible running
speed (50 yards +6 times their Dexterity).

© Passion's Curse becomes even stronger for satyrs, as

Chapcer Two: The Far Dreaming 41


they are even more prone to mood swings in the Far Dreaming.
The difficulty to resist temptation or to maintain self control is
increased by an additional two (+4 total), more if intoxicated.

Sidhe

The transformation of the sidhe when they enter the Far
Dreaming is no more subtle than a monsoon. Where once they
were beautiful to the point of distraction, here their mien
inspires awe and fear. Theirs is the beauty of a lightning strike:
brighter than the eyes can stand and capable of burning any
who stand too close. The eyes of the sidhe emanate a raw power
that is enough to stop almost any chimera from getting too
close. Even the strongest Kithain finds himself both drawn to
look at the sidhe and simultaneously afraid of attracting their
attention. Despite this overwhelming beauty, the sidhe be-
come far less human in appearance. Their eyes grow larger,
their ears more pronounced and their faces, in general, more
angular. Seen in the Far Dreaming, no sidhe could be confused
for a mere mortal, even from a thousand feet away.

The voices of the sidhe tend to carry farther, echoing with
an authority that none can easily deny. In the Far Dreaming,
few changelings dare risk challenging a sidhe's commands.
Whatever their usual personalities, the sidhe always grow more
aloof. The differences between nobles and commoners be-
comes painfully apparent. Were it not for their overwhelming
presence in the Far Dreaming, there's a very real chance the
commoner fae would kill the sidhe for their attitudes alone.

© The Awe and Beauty Birthright of the sidhe increases
enormously. The Appearance of the sidhe is increased by an
additional two dots (total of 4), which usually takes them well
above the normal maximum Trait of 5. The difficulties of all
Social rolls involving Intimidation are reduced by four. Any-
one attempting to attack an angry sidhe must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 8; higher against particularly powerful
lords or ladies) or back down.

¢ The Noble Bearing Birthright reaches a new level in the
Far Dreaming. Cantrips that would make a highborn look
foolish immediately backfire, striking the caster.

© Banality's Curse has no effect on the sidhe in the Far
Dreaming. As Banality can't survive in the Far Dreaming, it is
replaced by the Frailty Empathic Blindness: All sidhe suffer a +2
difficulty on all empathy rolls involving commoners. While in the
Far Dreaming, the sidhe, regardless of their normal tendencies,
have trouble comprehending the wants and needs of the common-
ersand see them as less-than-equals. A sidhe can still hide this lack
of empathy behind proper decorum, but all Social rolls that require
understanding suffer the same +2 difficulty.

Sluagh

The sluagh, like the redcaps, were born of nightmare, not
dream. They too become more hideous in the Far Dreaming. Skin
‘once pallid begins to resemble the flesh of a corpse, one freshly
pulled from a watery grave. Hair already lifeless often grows
gravemold. The dead, flat eyes of the sluagh often develop cauls of
pasty gray. While the cauls don't affect the sluagh's ability to see,

42 Dreams and Nightmares
>

Oy

POs

they tend to strike fear in those foolish enough to stare into them.
Those few unfortunate enough to remember the experience of
trading gazes with a sluagh in the Far Dreaming swear they could
see the moment of their own demise in that lifeless glance. A
pungent odor of decay permeates the air around the sluagh, and a
decidedly unsettling gurgle develops in their speech. It's not
uncommon for the sluagh to dribble a constant stream of murky
water from their mouths, or for tears of the same to spill from their
eyes. The fingers of the sluagh often gain webbing, as do their toes.
Their frail-seeming bodies grow thinner still, and the bones
beneath their flesh grow more flexible, until they can literally bend
them like rubber.

There is no known restraint that can bind a sluagh in the
Far Realms. No door can bar them from entry. Magic is the only
barrier they can't slip through with ease. The sluagh grow more
secretive in the Far Dreaming, and far less trusting, even of
their closest friends. They tend to revel in the fear they
generate and often go out of their way to terrify all who travel
with them.

© The Squirm Birthright is more effective in the Far
Dreaming. The sluagh can now contort his body into shapes
that should be physically impossible. Nothing short of magical
bonds can hold a sluagh against his will. No rolls are required,
though escaping from very complex bonds could still take a
turn or two. Additionally, the sluagh's bones simply cannot be
broken. They're too flexible to permit structural damage.

¢ The Sharpened Senses of a sluagh are increased. A
sluagh can see what would normally be invisible with a success-
ful Perception roll, and all Perception and Alertness rolls are
reduced in difficulty by four.

© The Curse of Silence affects sluagh to such a degree that,
in the Far Dreaming, they can't be heard at all. Their voices
disappear almost completely. The only way they can commu-
nicate is to write down what they want to say or pantomime
what they wish to convey. Of course, other sluagh can still hear
them due to their Sharpened Senses.

Trolls

The trolls have always been called giants. In the Far Dream-
ing, the reason for that appellation becomes obvious. Every troll
grows taller and broader, often increasing their height and width
by as much as two feet. The pale blue of their skin darkens, and
their hair often turns as white as fresh-fallen snow. Many trolls in
the Far Dreaming actually generate cold and exude plumes of frosty
breath, even in the warmest conditions. All that is noble in the
trolls' demeanor becomes more evident, evenas the beastly aspects
of their faces grow more pronounced. The tiny horns on their
heads grow larger and in some cases form into antlers; their jaws
extend and their faces take on decidedly lupine features, growing
longer and sprouting even larger teeth; some even grow a coarse
white fur across their arms and chests. Despite this last change,
there is no mistaking a troll in the Far Dreaming for a werewolf.
The Garou are decidedly smaller.

Trolls tend to be more militaristic in the Far Dreaming and
more protective of their charges. It's not uncommon for trolls


to restrain anyone they see as their responsibility, and even to
go so far as to bind such a person with ropes or shackles, to
ensure he can't wander off and hurt himself. Anyone coming
near the people under a troll's protection better have damn
good credentials; the giants are likely to kill them otherwise,
because you can never be too safe.

¢ The trolls' Titan's Power Birthright grants two addi-
tional dots of Strength and two free Bruised Health Levels,
while grumps gain two more dots of Strength and two more free
Bruised Health Levels.

¢ The trolls' Stubbornness Birthright grants +4 dice to all
Willpower rolls of a troll in service.

© A troll's Bond of Duty is more like the chains of slavery
in the Far Dreaming. No troll can rest well while under oath in
the Far Realms. The thought that they might fail in their oaths
drives them to extremes, and all trolls suffer from paranoia
while under oath. Breaking an oath still reduces the troll's
Titan's Power Birthright.

Rules of che Far Dreaming

In addition to those rules changes described
above, the Far Dreaming has some other interesting
effects upon changelings that are described here.

* Alleffects described in Chapter One are still
in effect while characters are in the Far Dreaming.

 Cantrips are even easier to cast while in the
Far Realms. All cantrips are considered Wyrd, but
nocantrip requires the use of Glamour to cast (though.
Glamour can still be spent to lower difficulties,
etc.). Additionally, the difficulty for casting all
cantrips is lowered by two, with a minimum diffi-
culty of 2.

© Temporary Glamour replenishes at a rate of
one per hour for as long as a changeling remains in
the Far Dreaming. Food and drink can occasionally
restore temporary Glamour as well, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

CDorcals in che Far Dreaming

On occasion, though very rarely, mortals and even some
supernaturals manage to enter the Far Dreaming. Only a few
can survive the perils of the Near Dreaming actually to reach
this far into the Mythic Realm. Any who aren't simply driven
mad by a world that adamantly refuses to follow their precon-
ceptions often learn the hard way that trods tend not to work
as well for them as they do for the Kithain.

The trods were created by the fae, and a certain natural
affinity exists between them and the Silver Path that simply can't
be duplicated. Mortals were never meant to venture on the trails
made by Kithain powers. Trods seem to grow soft beneath mortal
feet, unable to hold the weight of their mundane flesh. While trods

usually hold in the Near Dreaming, the farther into the Mythic
Realm a mortal goes, the more likely that the Silver Path simply
won't support their weight. Mortals enchanted by Kithain are the
first exception to this rule. Once under enchantment, the Glam-
our that infuses the mortal protects him from the mundane nature
of his existence, if only temporarily.

The only other exceptions to this rule are the rare mortals
who experience the Chrysalis for the first time while physically
in the Dreaming. Mortals who awaken to their faerie nature
while in the Dreaming are a rare and wondrous sight. These
lucky few do not suffer the ill side effects of the Chrysalis, as
they are protected by the Mists of Forgetfulness. Most come
into the full nature of their existence as if waking froma dream.
Even after leaving the Dreaming, these fortunate Kithain
suffer no ill effects beyond the usual risks all changelings
endure while in the mundane world.

CDadness and che Dreaming

The laws of the Flesh World do not apply within the Dreaming.
The only rules that matter are the ones the Dreaming imposes. The
proof of this simple fact lies in the nightmares that haunt even the
most powerful mages. Even mages adept in the Mind Sphere have no
sway in the Dreaming, where their knowledge, will and talent mean
nothing.

Humans, both Awakened and Sleeper alike, are somewhat
familiar with the Dreaming. They visit it in their own way on.
ahaphazard basis. They are inspired by what they see there and
they are responsible for its existence. Even the mages of the
Technocracy visit the Twilight Realm when they are truly
asleep and their minds are drawn back to the childhood times
they try so hard to forget — the times when they understood
that Santa Claus was real and monsters lurked in their closets.

Most humans feel a certain sense of déja vu upon entering
the Dream Realms. They know they've been there before, but
nothing is the least bit familiar. The Mists work on mortals,
too, and are notas forgiving of mundane intruders. Despite the
odd familiarity they feel upon entering the Near Dreaming, all
of them also feel a sense of dread that reaches back to a time
before the Shattering. Fae and human have seldom been
friends. From time to time their paths crossed. Some Kithain
treated these encounters as games and managed to remain
surprisingly friendly (most notably the pooka and the boggans),
but any illusion of friendship was just that: an illusion.

The Dreaming is created by the minds of mortals, but is far
beyond mere human comprehension. It goes outside the beliefs
of Jung, and light years past the concept of quantum physics. By
Its very nature, the Dreaming is, and will always remain, an
enigma to the human mind.

Mortals encountering Garou suffer the Delirium, agenetic
trigger that dates back to the time when werewolves culled
human herds. When facing wraiths, they suffer the effects of
the Fog, a tendency of the human mind to hide from certain
truths too horrible to accept. Where ghosts are concerned,
most humans simply rationalize away any blatant evidence
that such things exist. Both of these reactions are defenses,

Chapcer Two: The Far Dreaming

Siew
4

1K:

A


Ae
Wi ae

Wy ‘ [Nl yop
7 Ce

Betty,
if)

IME x Teale |

" Hf Mig)

ways the human mind has of dealing with concepts too fright-
ening to explore. Those humans with extremely high Will-
power ratings are less affected by the Delirium and the Fog than
most people are. They can control themselves, force them-
selves to remember what really happened.

Mages are "will workers." By the very strength of their
belief and their Willpower, they can alter reality to suit their
needs, though they often have to pay a price for their actions.
By their very nature, they are immune to the Fog and the
Delirium, because of an enlightened state of mind that they
refer to as being "Awakened."

Mages can grasp the concept of the Dreaming, but they can
never truly manage to accept the reality of it. The Mists of
Forgetfulness see to that. The Delirium and the Fog are defenses
of the mortal mind. The Mists are a defense of the Dreaming.
Just as the Mists protect changelings by hiding from them the
parts of their own psyches that could be damaged by Banality,
the Mists protect the Dreaming from invaders who could do
harm to its existence.

No Technomancer stands a chance against the Mists of
Forgetfulness. Putting aside their high Banality levels, which
work as barriers to stop them from gaining entry, the Mists

44

Dreams and Nighcmares

WW RES OT OOD ODO LPO

Nouv doy 4

MM ayy WM Moy Hg
x } '

Va

a) We by gy

would assault their minds through their subconscious, through
their connection to the Dreaming.

Reason is shattered by the very nature of the Dreaming.
The Mists of Forgetfulness enforce that simple law of dream-
physics. Reason must be surrendered, if only temporarily, or
conscious mortal minds are not permitted to gain physical
entry. Should the Mists ever fail to work their subtle influence
ona mortal mind —for instance, on the mind of an Awakened
human — the Dreaming responds in a more direct way.

Rational minds with the ability to resist the powers of the
Mists are attacked by the Dreaming itself. No mortal, Awak-
ened or not, has ever existed who can defy the Dreaming's will.
What cannot be removed by way of the Mists is removed
otherwise. All who refuse to surrender their rational mind have
it taken away from them. Permanently.

Mages simply cannot leave the Dreaming with more knowl-
edge than they had when they entered. Despite their awesome
abilities in the waking world, even the Awakened are suscep-
tible to dreams.

Among the Oracles of the mages, this simple truth is
sometimes postulated as the cause of the mad Awakened most
commonly referred to as the Marauders.


There are other denizens of the Flesh Realms who, from time
totime, attempt to reach the Dreaming. A few among the Garou
and the Restless Dead have actually managed to enter the Mythic
Realm. They, too, suffer the effects of the Mists. Vampires do not
believe in the Dreaming. Perhaps the force which gives them their
perpetual half-life also robs from them the ability to Dream. In
either case, their Banality-ridden forms can't reach into the
Mythic Realm: the Dreaming won't permit it. The only known
exceptions are a few of the Malkavians, who seem capable, by
virtue of their insanity, of entering the Dreaming.

It should be clarified here that the Mists of Forgetfulness
do not eradicate the memories of beings who enter. Instead,
they mute memory. Leaving the Far or Deep Dreaming is like
waking up from a very deep sleep. The memories are there, but
they're slippery. They fade quickly and seldom come back until
aperson returns to those realms. Most mortals who've been to
the Dreaming are changed by the experience. Even though
they don't consciously remember their travels, they feel the
impact of them just the same.

K

Places of Imporc in che Far
Dreaming

There are Stable Points in the Far Dreaming, as in the
Near, though the definition of "stable" is less clear in these
cases. Most of these permanent structures still tend to move
about and seldom remain in the same place for very long. The
geography of the Far Dreaming is not as connected to the
geography of the waking world as that of the Near Dreaming,
though there are still certain constants. There are always
oceans, mountains, forests, deserts and other aspects found in
the Flesh Realm, but they are no longer dream-enhanced
reflections of what humans see as reality. They are more
fantastic in their scope, and likely to exceed anything found in
the mundane reality of humans.

The places described here are simply locations and features
that changelings traveling through the Far Realms are likely to
encounter; in most cases, fae traveling through them take little
notice of their features. Several of the actual realms of the Far
Dreaming are described in detail in Chapter Four.


The Vale of QDiscts

The Vale completely surrounds the Far Dreaming. It exists
asa sphere around the entire Realm, flowing across the sky and
beneath the ground. There is no way to bypass the Vale of
)\ Mists. In some places, the Vale is a noticeable thing, a wall of
4) heavy clouds that is visible to the naked eye. In other places,
= there's no indication that the Vale exists, save when the

A) Augmen takes its hold on Kithain and mortal alike.

The Spawning Fields

While there are Spawning Fields in the Near Dreaming,
they are faint imitations of the fountains of power that exist in
the Far Realms. In the Far Dreaming, the Spawning Fields no
longer generate chimera of all sorts. They seldom seem to
create anything at all, though from time to time a True
Creature of Myth is seen crawling from the centers of these
Glamour-rich areas. Spawning Fields in the Far Dreaming are
simply areas where Dreamstuff, the building block of all the
Dreaming, is generated. Skilled Dream-Crafters are capable of
creating almost anything from the flows of pure, untainted
Glamour. Some have even managed to create sentient chi-
mera, though whether the minds of these entities are created by

the Dream-Crafter or by the Spawning Fields is impossible to
say. Surely, most of the animate chimera created from the
Dreamstuff of Spawning Fields seem to have minds of their
own, and few care what their "creators" want from them.

The Greac Forese

There is only one Forest in the Far Dreaming. Ancient,
majestic and often filled with dangers, the Great Forest spans
areas larger than any continent of the waking world. Every
imaginable type of tree, both "real" and otherwise, exists here.
The Great Forest even runs beneath the Slumbering Oceans
and into other lands far beyond the sight of most Kithain.

The Great Forest can't be properly mapped, though cer-
tain landmarks within its nearly infinite expanse have earned
names that are granted by the type of woods growing in a given
area. Below are some of the hundreds of parts that make up the
Great Forest.

The Forest of Lies

‘The Forest of Lies runs in patterns too complex for most
to comprehend. It always borders the division of the Far
Dreaming and the Deep Dreaming. It was in the Forest of Lies


that Asterlan and his entourage did battle with the spiders of
the Sighing Chasm. There is nothing good within the Forest of
Lies. Everything here is dark and brooding, likely spawned by
human fears of the forest primeval. The fruits borne by the
ancient, gnarled trees of the forest are bitter and often poison-
ous to Kithain. The animals here are all predatory, and most
grow to sizes that would make an army of trolls hesitate.

The most dangerous aspect of the Forest of Lies is that it
seldom shows itself as it truly is, for that is its nature. The trees
might seem vibrant with life, and pixies might roam across the
flowering bushes that rest idle beneath the monolithic hard-
woods. But what is seen is not what is real. The sweeter the
picture, the greater the danger to any who dare step away from
the Silver Path. To make matters worse, there are places where
the Silver Path appears to divide, splitting into three, four or
evenadozen different trods. In these cases there is seldom more
than one that is the proper course to take. Many who enter the
Forest of Lies come close to losing all hope, as the very clouds
above spill rains that seem weighty with Banality, though the
banal can't exist so far into the Dreaming.

The Forest of Lies is a Nightmare Realm, though it is far
subtler than many. Some believe the very seat of Thallain
power rests within the Forest of Lies, though only the Shadow
Court might know the truth of the matter.

The Discordanc Woods

There isa place within the Great Forest where the bitterest
memories resurface:

Though the fruit of the trees is sweet and nutritious

Though the loam of the forest makes a comfortable bed

Though the game in the woods is in plenty

The Discordant Woods bring a silent dread.

The Discordant Woods are lovely.

Within this peaceful forest, nearly all wants are satisfied.
The animals of the woods thrive, and nary a moment goes by
when the birds fail to sing an enchanting song. Bees in the
woods don't sting, and the honey from their nests is sweeter, by
far, than nectars found in the waking world.

There is only one problem: The woods awaken old hatreds
forall who spend the night resting among the peace and plenty.
Long-forgotten slights are remembered, and angry words are
never forgiven, so long as one stays within the Discordant

Woods.

The Rescing Place

The Resting Place is, by long-standing tradition, the one
area of the Great Forest where no one may harm another. One
may kill game for sustenance, for there's always plenty of game.
One may rest for as many days as one likes without fear of
reprimand. Seelie and Unseelie alike respect and abide by this
tule. Even the Thallain acknowledge the tradition, though
some just barely.

Wounds heal faster here. Rain never falls and storms never
rage. Although the Kithain might encounter ancient dragons

known for their ill temper, they need not fear attack. It's not


uncommon for travelers from different areas to band together
and talk, sharing wine and companionship where they would
normally attack each other on sight. Many even choose to stay
in the Resting Place for months or years, for every burden and
every woe seems less important to anyone dwelling there.

The Walking Trees

There are places in the Great Forest where the Walking
Trees roam. The Walking Trees range in size, though many are
massive. These trees bear some semblance to the redwoods,
though the differences are many. The trees in these forests
walk, lifting themselves from the ground to seek places where
food is more plentiful. Slithering on their thick roots, they
search for fresh meat to feed their hungers and satisfy their
thirst for blood, which is the only liquid they drink.

When first approached, the Walking Trees remain mo-
tionless, save for the rattling of their branches and the shaking
of their leaves. Many unwary travelers have failed to notice the
swaying of their limbs, mistaking the cause of such motion for
a gentle breeze.

Great parasitic vines live on many of the Walking Trees,
draining them of vitality and stealing from their hosts the very

Dreams and Nighcmares
>

nourishment the trees need to survive. Where the vines flour-
ish, the Walking Trees seem sickly, seldom having many leaves
and often dropping great segments of their protective bark. Yet
the vines are not lazy: When food comes close enough, they're
likely to attack by wrapping themselves around unwary travel-
ets and aiding their enslaved sources of food.

When struck by a weapon capable of biting through their
thick outer layers, the trees and the vines both bleed a thick red
sap. This sap is said to cure almost any ailment and, if left to dry
in the sunlight, produces gems of great strength and beauty.

The Splincered CDouncains

The Splintered Mountains range across a thousand leagues
and cut a bold path through the Dark Lands of the Far
Dreaming. Here, the giants of legend and the monsters of yore
make their homes and seek as sustenance any foolish enough to
enter their domain. Harpies ride the frigid winds of the stone
canyons, eager for changelings to torture, and basilisks lurk in
the shadows of the broken towers. A great many Kithain have
met their deaths in the Splintered Mountains, where, once,
Tuatha de Danaan ruled in the time before the Shattering.
There are treasures hidden away in the caves of the mountains,


and some believe the way to Arcadia can be found only by
seeking those treasures that the Tuatha de Danaan abandoned
when they left theit now-ruined palaces. This may be lie or may
be truth, but all the sidhe remember passing through the range
of treacherous, thrusting stone towers on their way back to the
waking world.

The dangers are great, but many believe the rewards are
worth any risk.

Arauin's Forge

There is a solitary mountain, black as a fomorian's heart,
where Arawn once held his court. The sides of the mountain
areas slick as wet glass, and the winds howling around the peaks
prevent even dragons from flying close enough to land. The air
is bitter cold, and a thick frost rime covers the surrounding
lands. But in the darkness of night, there comes a glow from the
center of the mountain that spills forth from a deep pit at the
very pinnacle, countless leagues above the ground. The glow is
bright enough to turn the bottoms of the clouds that always
surround the loathsome place a bloody red.

Here, the Thallain believe, Arawn once devised great weap-
onsof darkness, preparing fora time when Winter's embrace would
beneeded to stop the Tuatha de Danaan and the Seelie court. The
Shadow Court wants the weapons they believe wait in the bowels
ofthat mountain called Arawn's Forge. With those weapons, they
remain convinced that Winter can be brought forth and, someday,
Spring's return hastened.

The whispered legends say only the bravest and purest of
heart can ever reach the top of the mountain. Only the noblest

SS

Pe)

KU

can claim the crown of Arawn and the black sword called
Winter's Heart. Although they've had no success, the Thallain
still seek the one who can scale Arawn's Forge and bring to
them the weapons of their destiny.

The Sea of Sorrow

Far from the Great Forest lies a place where sand as fine as
powder blows across a barren land and swallows all who dare try to
cross its expanse. There is one trod that winds across this ocean of
dust, stretching its Silver Path through the constant turbulence
that often swallows the trod completely, before allowing it to shine
again. The great sand waves are said to shred flesh with ease,
leaving so little behind that even vultures can find no morsels
worth noticing. The Sea of Sorrow holds its secrets well. No one
has ever followed the Silver Path across this wasteland and
returned to tell of what rests on the other side.

The Slumdering Oceans

The great oceans of the Far Dreaming connect with both
the Near Realms and the Deep Dreaming. The waters here are
murky, too deep and dark to reveal their secrets. These great
oceans stretch to other lands in the Dreaming, mysterious
realms where no Kithain has ever gone. Some claim the Tuatha
de Danaan took their ships and sailed across the Slumbering
Oceans to return to the place whence they came, before the
Dreaming was truly formed.

Great dark shapes move beneath the waves, and from time
to time the tip of a shadowy tail breaks free of the waters. If one
looks very carefully and concentrates, the trods beneath the
waters reveal themselves.

Chapcer Two: The Far Dreaming



A

oN

From the ground so far below them, they must have beena sight
straight out of a Nightmare Realm: Their mounts moved through the
air with a motion halfway between flying and slithering, and each
carried a shadowy rider who looked scarcely human. The first rider
was tall and athletic, with night-spawned hair that flowed wildly past
his shoulders and scattered to the wind. Any who could have seen his
eyes would surely have been lost in their infinite, black depths. Odd
patterns of scar tissue ran across his ebony skin, tracing the stories
of where he'd been for anyone who knew how to read them. Beside
him, a creature with metallic skin and jeweled eyes rode in silence,
her hands blurring at impossible speeds as she sculpted something
with dimensions that numbered well beyond three. And on the last
of the three clurgaugh, a figure all too reminiscent of a medieval
demon looked toward the ground a league beneath them. Powerful
legs with cloven hooves straddled the flying nightmare, and eyes that
dromised a thousand pleasant sins followed a faint silvery trail far
below.

e LS) Lo]

Sven had fought with a brutal efficiency, felling over half the
tedcaps in under a minute. By the time the rest had brought him
down, they'd been too wounded to fight any longer. Bloody Nick and
the remainder of his gang ran away, leaving behind the bodies of their
dead companions and several of their hellish mounts. They'd all seen
the redcaps picking over Walter's remains, feasting on him without
remorse. Two friends dead on a quest to save two friends: The

iGas

thought had left them all bitter

Dmitri smiled whimsically, a thought occurring to him as he
traced the trod Mailanka'd spotted earlier. "We shouldn't mourn
them, you know. They're not really dead." The others remained
silent, and after a moment he continued, undeterred by their lack of
comment. "Walter and Sven are still alive. They're simply stuck in
new forms. Changelings never really die, we just get born again in
anew mortal body."

Magda spoke then, her voice sounding oddly hollow and
musical. "Aye, we all saw the flames that claimed their souls and
dragged them back to the waking world. They're alive again." Her
voice carried well, despite the cold winds that whistled past Dmitri's
ears

Mailanka finished her comment for her. "We do not mourn the
loss of their lives, Dmitri. We mourn the loss of them in our lives. For
all that they continue, we may well never see them again."

They rode in silence for a very long time, each lost in contem-
plation of their quest and what it had already cost them.

Lost in the Dreaming with no sign of a trod anywhere near
them, the group had agreed to take acalculated risk. They'd mounted
the clurgaughs and settled onto the rough, black saddles still strapped
to the creatures' backs; Mailanka had been convinced that riding the
backs of nightmares was a safer risk than trying to move through the
Mythic Realm without the protection of the Silver Path beneath their


Gry,

feet. The beasts had hissed and snapped, but hadn't stopped the
Kithain from mounting. Despite their justified fear — for clurgaugh,
much like the redcaps, love the taste of changeling flesh — they'd
ridden the hideous creatures...

Once in the sky, they learned the error of their ways: The
clurgaugh would not obey their commands. Wherever the creatures
were taking the trio was their decision alone. How long they rode was
anyone's guess. The sun set and rose, but they could scarcely tell.
Below them, the ground changed again and again. They soared high
over mountains the color of midnight and over plains of shattered
rock, where the rivers that slipped across the broken land were the
color of blood. Somewhere along the way, they changed too. Words
could hardly describe their transformations. All were more fae than
they'd been in a very long time. Mailanka's eyes grew sharper, and
Dmitri continued his odd changes into a form closer to what satyrs
of old must have been. Magda's hands moved constantly, and
between them she molded something the others could not fully see.

They said little, speaking only when the silence was close to driving
them mad. They hungered for warmth and food alike. There were no
blankets or supplies on the beasts, and the only food was what the redcaps
had left behind. Somehow, none of them felt the urge to test it.

During the darkest part of the seventh night, when they could
no longer keep their eyes open, and when the eerie songs of their
mounts were almost enough to make them scream, the ride suddenly
ended. Dmitri noticed their descent first, and kept his silence lest he
make the mad creatures change their minds and lift into the sky
again. Despite their strange forms, the beasts landed gracefully.
Within seconds of their settling to the ground, the three Kithain were
off the clurgaugh's backs to stretch at last. Tight muscles and sore
rumps were barely an inconvenience. They were glad, once again,
to feel solid ground beneath their feet.

There was little doubt they'd landed in the Deep Dreaming. They
could feel the changes wrought by the realm even more clearly than they
could see the differences in their friends. Memories of distant times —
centuries ago, when the world was still young and the Shattering was a
long time off — flooded their minds as thoroughly as the unbridled beauty
of the Dreaming dazzled their eyes.

They made camp, as the first hints of false dawn broke in the
east, silhouetting the stark beauty of the stone landscape. Somehow,
Mailanka found enough wood for a fire and managed to bag a wild
pig for their meal. As they ate their first food in days, Dmitri felt his
mood lighten, as if in conjunction with the rising sun. They mourned
the deaths of their allies in their own ways, by telling tales of Sven's
courage and Walter's unending kindness. Sometimes they wept,
sometimes they laughed and sometimes they sat lost in their own
recollections of absent friends. Throughout the brightening morning,
which went on for several hours before the sun actually bothered to
show itself, they feasted, talked and slept.

In his dreams, Dmitri found the Pool of Counted Sorrows and
stared into its reflective depths. He saw the mistakes he'd made in his
lifetimes and remembered the things he'd done right, as well. He
remembered the women he'd loved and the men he'd battled, the men
he'd cared for and the women who'd shattered his pride. He felt the
weight of a hundred lives ended and the joy of a hundred-and-one
lives lived. He recalled a thousand kisses and a hundred glorious


battles, relived betrayals at the hands of friends and salvation at the
feet of his enemies. In his sleep, he wept and smiled, never making
asound.

And when he awoke, his mind was clearer than he could ever
recall. Perhaps he'd actually been to the miraculous pool, perhaps it
had been only a dream within a dream. Either way, he felt renewed
in his purpose. When, at last, he opened his eyes, he saw Mailanka
sitting atop a boulder a dozen feet away. The eshu's eyes stared
beyond the barriers of the landscape, and his body swayed to a music
only he could hear.

Dmitri smiled as the eshu turned to look at him with eyes as deep
as the darkest part of the night. His smile broadened even more when
he heard his friend speak: "I know where the Cup of Einhorn waits
for us, and I know where we can find Mumpoker."

Dmitri rose to his hooves, striking the dirt of the forest from his
back with quick, agitated gestures. "Then think we should be on our
way, my friend."

Magda spoke then, her voice sounding like notes from a flute
played only by the wind. "Aye, Dmitri. We'll soon be about our | =
business."

Mailanka spoke again, apparently unaware that the others had
begun to pack their belongings. "And I know where Bloody Nick
rests, soothing his wounds with the memories of how he killed Sven."

a

The three looked around, examining the pools of shadow that
hid the western half of the mountains about them. "Oh do you then,
dear Mailanka?" Dmitri's voice was as soft as a sluagh's in that
moment. Still, the venom of his words sent shivers down the spines
of his friends. "That's good to know, old friend. There's business I
must discuss with that particular redcap. Bloody business and
screams of pain."

The three gathered their belongings and began to walk, leaving
the clurgaugh to their own devices.

They walked in silence, unified in the need to finish what they'd
started. And where they walked, the chimera feared to tread... iy

Geography of che Deep Dreaming WY
One can no more properly describe the landscape of the RRC tr.
Deep Dreaming than one can explain the texture of a rainbow. :
The Deep Dreaming is the very heart and soul of the Twilight =< FP RNS Weg 6
Realm, the very essence of Glamour and the center of faerie FFS
power. Within its endless borders lies Arcadia, where the true
fae still dwell. .
Beyond the farthest reaches of imagination, on the steppes 7 ;
of fear, there are dark places where the Thallain gather to
discuss how best to topple Arcadia. Within the depths of the | /_-
ocean, Atlantis still stirs, and her denizens ponder what must ¢
lie beyond the shimmering edges of the great waters, in the
place where people somehow manage to breathe air and live. In
another part of the ocean, Ryujin, the Palace of the Dragon
King hides its secrets from all who would enter. Surrounded by fo Nyee
the Palaces of Summer, Winter, Autumn and Spring and
connected to them all by the Hall of Seasons, far beyond the
Wastelands, where the trees resemble toadstools andthe ground 7,
swallows whole the foolhardy, the Pool of Counted Sorrows (
iw


tells its secrets to Kithain who dare to listen. Past the ice fields
of the Land of Endless Night, beneath the ruins of Great
Engine, is the last message left by the Tuatha de Danaan for
anyone who can understand the cryptic words and solve the
final riddle that can bring the world back to right and return the
Spring forevermore. All these places, and more, are in the Deep
Dreaming, lost in an endless cyclone of miasmic colors and
chimerical legends. They await anyone brave enough to find
them and determined enough to survive the search. The trods
to most of these places are locked, lost, or broken. Here, the
chimera rule.

But there are other places, too: towns and cities where
changelings have made their homes, after losing all hope of
finding Arcadia; places where the Kithain do battle against the
Thallain in an endless dance of carnage and destruction,
rebirth and renewal; lands where the songs of the paststill echo,
and the rainbow finally ends.

The Deep Dreaming is the purest, most primal place
changelings know. Mysteries and riddles of every imaginable
sort await the proper answers, and puzzles long solved find new

©

ways to hide their secrets. The Silver Path is a faint memory in
most of the Deep Dreaming, but the land is solid enough to hold
a changeling walking here, just the same. There are no true
boundaries to the Deep Dreaming. Every border exists there
only for the present, until the time comes for new additions to
build themselves. The Mythic World is strongest in this place,
and the greatest legends of all dwell here, protected by the
dreams of mortals who believe, only in their waking hours, that
they've forgotten the days of giants. Mortals sleep and the Deep
Dreaming is renewed in an endless cycle of change. Few places
remain "in place," though many exist eternally.

Encering the Deep Dreaming

There are only two ways for Kithain to enter the Deep
Dreaming, and both require passage through the Mistweir, the
final barrier of the Mists of Forgetfulness, the one that protects
the Deep Dreaming from the waking world's Banality.

The first way is to follow one of the few remaining trods
that reach as far as the Deep Dreaming. Even those changelings
who fly on chimerical wings must follow the Silver Path in


res

order to find an entrance into the soul of the Dreaming. The
second way is to follow a Path of Balor from one of the Deep
Umbrae.

Any creature with a Banality rating higher than a six is
barred from entering the Deep Dreaming. There are no excep-
tions.

Acs and Realms in
che Deep Dreaming

The rules no longer apply in quite the same way when
a changeling enters the Deep Dreaming. The Kithain are
used to the ways of the waking world when they employ
cantrips. Banality has had a profound effect on the ways Arts
andRealmswork in the Flesh Realm, and few changelingsare
prepared for the differences once they reach the heart of the
Dreaming. Casual use of cantrips in the Deep Dreaming can
often have results comparable to children playing with fully
loaded assault rifles. The Deep Dreaming isa powderkeg, and
cantrips are often the fuse that lights the explosives.

Arts and Realms are not increased by the journey; a
changeling doesn't suddenly know any more than she did
before. She might have memories of past lives, but those
memories are still too disjointed to increase the character's
statistics along those lines. However, the Arts and Realms
the Kithain does know become far more powerful and far
more chaotic. It's virtually impossible to botch a dice roll in
the Deep Dreaming (Storyteller's discretion, naturally) —at
least for Kithain. Even with a botch, the character's powers
will still have a profound effect, though not necessarily the
one the caster intended. Paradoxically, the more successes a
character rolls while employing her Arts and Realms, the
greater the chance of getting entirely the wrong results.

The Deep Dreaming and Changelings

There is no place where the Kithain are more powerful or
more vulnerable to their own nature. The Deep Dreaming is
the place where all the fae of all the lands were born. Glamour
isso rich here that no changeling need ever fear running out of
magic. The power of the Dreaming is so great, in fact, that the
true nature of the Kithain is revealed for all to see. Here, trolls
are truly giants, and the sidhe are so beautiful that they inspire
terror in all who see them. The sluagh slip through the shadows
of the Deep Dreaming, moving on currents of nightmare, and
the nockers create wonders too incredible to exist anywhere
else.

The rules are different in the Deep Dreaming. Arts and
Realms work in ways never conceived of by changelings outside
of the Deep Realms, and Birthrights and Frailties function
constantly. Everything that is good and bad about the change-
lings is revealed for all to see — provided they know how to
look, which is rare — and the memories of past lives stand
revealed, if only for a moment.

Remembrance in the Deep Dreaming

While the Mists are beneficial, they are not always kind.
Kithain who already have a powerful connection to the Dream-
ing might rapidly discover they've got access to all of their past
lives, all at once. In these cases, it's not as if the flood gates
open, but more like the dam simply vanishing and releasing all
the water at once. A character with a Remembrance Trait of 4
or higher must spend a point of Willpower or be overwhelmed
by the impact. Even those changelings who don't have a high
Remembrance normally find themselves stunned for a few
moments as they try to sort through the memories washing back
into them.

Pursuing others into the Deep Dreaming is a risky game at
best. Someone who has had time to adjust might well plan an
ambush for anyone following. The disorientation changelings
feel after passing through the Mistweir is a perfect time to
attack an enemy.

A changeling casting the Chicanery cantrip: Haunted
Heart might end up changing the emotions of everyone ina
five-mile radius, or mightaccidentally enchanthimself, rather
than his original target. An Effigy created with the Legerde-
main cantrip of the same name is more likely tobe a full-blown
and fairly powerful chimera with a mind and will of its own.
The caster might wanta perfect duplicate ofa nearby rock and
end up with a massive stone elemental, instead. Here, the
Storyteller isexpected to employ hisimagination to the fullest.

Bunks are no longer needed to ensure success when
casting a cantrip. Instead, the changeling might want to
use bunks to have a better chance of actually doing what
she intended to do from the start. For example, the
simple Wayfare cantrip: Hopscotch is far wilder in the
Deep Dreaming. A Kithain who meant to leap over a
tree might very well find herself developing wings and
sailing a thousand feet above the clouds, unless she uses
a bunk to control her actions.

Also, as stated before, past associations that went unre-
membered in other realms come to light in the Deep Dreaming.
Anenemy who's sworn to destroy a character might change his
mind when he recalls a time in another life, a time when the
character was his closest ally or even saved him from certain
doom. While the memories often fade as the characters leave
the Deep Dreaming, the feelings awakened by the Mists some-

For the most part, cantrips aimed at another still have
an effect on the target, but what that exact effect is may be
entirely in the hands of the Storyteller. There are certain
rules, however: cantrips cast by a changeling never cause
that changeling direct harm unless a botch is rolled.


times linger. Deadly rivals sometimes come back to the waking
world as close friends and stay that way.

Glamour in the Deep Dreaming

Glamour in the Deep Dreaming is as pure as it gets.
Untainted Dreamstuff flows constantly beneath the surface of
the Mythic Realm, ready for anyone who can shape it to her
will. The power of the Glamour here is enough to intoxicate
changelings and dazzle mortals.

Nockers are particularly fond of the Dreamstuff found
here. With it, they can create almost anything.

The Deep Dreaming is the richest source of Glamour
known to the Kithain. It's not unusual for changelings to feed
themselves on the Dreamstuff until they are gorged, so filled
with Glamour that they almost break their connection to the
waking world. The main problem with this sort of activity is

Regaining Glamour

Obtaining Glamour in the Deep Dreaming is ex-
tremely easy. While in the Deep Dreaming, change-
lings naturally regain Glamour at a rate of one point per
hour. Additionally, the permanent Glamour of all
changelings increases by one for as long as the character
remains in the Deep Dreaming (with amaximum rating
of 10, of course). Any food eaten in the Deep Dreaming
also supplies the character with Glamour. The amount
of Glamour that can be gained in this fashion is deter-
mined by the Storyteller. This chimerical food loses its

Glamour-granting powers as soon as it is removed from
the Dreaming.

‘hat it often promotes Bedlam when a changeling returns to
‘he Mortal Realms.

analicy in che Deep Dreaming

Banality is a disease to the Dreaming, a fact that is
nowhere more evident than in the lands beyond the Mistweir.
Each changeling carries within hima shred of Banality. It's this
sliver of the mundane that bars changelings from Arcadia.
Banal Shiver is evident from the moment they enter the Deep
Dreaming. Where the Kithain walk, the ground blackens, save
on the Silver Path, which protects the land. Trees touched by
the Kithain are scorched as if by fire, and the very air around
them sometimes smolders. While these blights are almost
overlooked by the Kithain, they are noticed immediately by
any true fae they should come across. For the changelings,
there is no going home to Arcadia. Their presence near the
closed gates would be the equivalent of an all-out assault in the
eyes of the true fae. Most likely, Kithain would be attacked if
they came within a league of the faerie homeland.

There are ways to obliterate completely all traces of
Banality, but they are beyond rare. A changeling would have
to wait centuries for the Mists to remove the Banal Shiver from
her soul completely. It is likely, though, that by that time she


would be completely consumed by Bedlam.

The Augmen Revisiced

Just as the Augmen makes changes in Kithain who pass
from the Near Dreaming into the Far, it also works its wonders:
as they go from the Far Dreaming into the Deep. The memories
restored to changelings become a driving force that shifts the
reality of their forms, as they drift farther and farther from the
waking world and become what they once were and were
always meant to be. The changes are seldom subtle; a Kithain's
form becomes nearly unrecognizable, even to her friends.

While the abilities below might seem overwhelming, the
reader should remember that each of these abilities is coun-
tered by other Kithain. The effects listed are indications of
what happens to mortals who view changelings in the Deep
Realms. With the exception of the sidhe, most changes are
somewhat muted when employed against other Kithain. Also,
the entities that dwell within the Deep Dreaming are powerful
beyond comprehension, and even the most amazing abilities of
the Kithain pale in comparison to what some denizens can do.
The gods still walk in the Deep Realms, and the titans of yore
make the greatest of the fae seem insignificant.

The changes listed below occur for changelings only. True
fae do not suffer the same flaws as their Banality-tainted
counterparts.

Beyond their significant changes in appearance, all Kithain in
the Deep Dreaming increase their power in a more direct sense:
The Arts and Realms of changelings in the Deep Dreaming
expand again, by the same factor as they did in the Far Dreaming.
Thus, a troll would gain a total of +4 additional Dots of Strength
for the Birthright: Titan's Power and a total of +4 Bruised Health
levels. No rolls of any sort are required for Birthrights in the Deep
Dreaming, and all cantrips are automatically successful, if not
necessarily in the ways the changeling casting them intended.

Birchrighcs and Frailcies in che Far
Dreaming

Boggans

© The Craftwork Birthright increases again. If unob-
served, boggans can accomplish any task involving simple
physical labor in one-twelfth the time it would take a mortal,
one-eighth the time if they are observed.

¢ The Social Dynamics Birthright is far more powerful.
Within minutes, the boggan knows who influences a group and
how they manage to keep control.

© Call of the Needy requires that boggans aid anyone in
need, regardless of the risk to themselves.

Eshu

¢ The Spirit Pathways Birthright reaches its final height
of power in the Deep Dreaming. With little more than a
thought, an Eshu instinctively knows where the target of her
quest lies. She knows when danger is near as well, but won't


yy care. It's the thrill of the chase that matters most.

¢ The Talecraft Birthright becomes an imposing force
indeed. The eshu can generate chimera for any tale she spins,
and the chimera can and often do interact with anyone around
them. More often than not, these chimera are perfect represen-
tations of the tales told, right down to their personal habits.
They are also sentient and might not want the tale to end. In
the Deep Dreaming, the tale often escapes from the teller, and
chaos sometimes ensues. These chimera act independently of
the eshu once the story is finished; most wander off on their
own, fully prepared to live out their new lives to the fullest. |

CV RY

© Recklessness goes to a new extreme. Any challenge, no
matter how preposterous, must be accepted, though the eshu
can delay the acceptance of the challenge if already on a quest.

Nockers

© The Chimera Creation Birthright is automatic in the
Deep Dreaming. No die rolls are required.

© The Fix-It-All Birthright not only fixes anything, it
often improves on the original model. Nockers know intu-
itively what needs repairing, and they understand the function
of anything they see. As always, repairing an item might take
considerable time. More importantly, the nocker must concen-
trate, lest the item being repaired be "modified" until it be-
comes something else completely.

© The Flaws Frailty makes the nockers blind to the errors they
make in creation. Whatever they build is sure to crumble within
a few days, but while it works, it's likely to create miracles

Pooka

Mert yy © The Shapechanging Birthright allows the pooka to
become any animal she can imagine. Shape and size are of no
consequence. Pooka can become dragons here, if they so desire.
The risk is great however, as many pooka opt never to change
again and leave their motleys in search of a new life in theirnew
forms.
¢ The Confidant Birthright allows the pooka to learn
even the greatest secrets of a target with little effort. A die roll
is no longer required, though the expenditure of a Willpower
point allows the target of such trickery to stop speaking, once
she realizes she's revealed too much.

oY,

[—

© Pooka Lies become so complex that even the pooka
have trouble untangling the tales they weave. No matter how
complicated a lie already is, the pooka can't help but expand on
the details. Also, pooka cannot trust anyone else and often go
out of their way to avoid contact with other fae.

Redcaps

© The redcaps' Dark Appetite Birthright is more a curse
than a boon in the Deep realms. While they are capable of
devouring a human in two bites, the redcaps remain unsated for
as long as they stay in the Deep Dreaming. Fresh meat is a must,
and anyone standing too close is a target. Redcaps don't want
to eat other redcaps, but all other fae are fair game.

¢ The Bully Browbeat Birthright doubles again. Difficul-


ties on all Intimidation rolls are reduced by eight or more. The
difficulty to resist the Bully Browbeat is increased by four.

¢ The redcaps' Bad Attitude causes all but the most forgiving
individuals to loathe them on sight. Any redeeming characteris-
tics are ignored by other fae, and the redcaps don't seem to mind
thatatall. In fact, they revel in the terror they inspire and thrill in
crushing their enemies. No one is safe around a redcap in the Deep
Dreaming, except for another redcap.

Sacyrs

¢ The Gift of Pan Birthright becomes a siren's song of
temptation in the Deep Dreaming. The only way to overcome
the power of the Gift of Pan is to spend one Willpower point.

¢ A satyr's Physical Prowess Birthright now adds +4 to
their Stamina and doubles their running speed again (100 yards
+12 times their Dexterity).

¢ The satyrs become complete hedonists in the Deep
tealms, forgetting everything but the need for physical gratifi-
cation. Only after they've sated their lusts are they willing to go
on to something else.

Sidhe

¢ The Awe and Beauty Birthright of the sidhe is like the
light of the sun. The Appearance of the sidhe is increased by an
additional four dots (total of eight), making them painful to
look at directly. All who see them are cowed, save for other
sidhe, and resisting their commands requires one Willpower
point per Scene. It is physically impossible to see a sidhe and
attack her unprovoked.

¢ The Noble Bearing Birthright adds a powerful aura of
light to the sidhe. They become nearly godlike in mien and
terrifying to behold. Even powerful chimera fear to anger the
sidhe in the Deep Realms.

¢ The sidhe give the commoner fae no more consideration.
than the average master does to a slave. The concept of equal
tights simply doesn't exist. The sidhe Frailty: Empathic Blind-
ness causes all sidhe, while in the Deep Dreaming, to suffer a +6
difficulty on all empathy rolls involving commoners.

Sluagh

¢ The Squirm Birthright ensures that no barrier can stop
the sluagh. While still susceptible to damage, they can trans-
form themselves into a vapor or a liquid and drift through any
opening, no matter how small. Sluagh may use their Glamour
rating in dice to force their way through even magical barriers,
and the very shadows become their open portals from one
location to another.

¢ The Sharpened Senses of a sluagh increase to incredible
levels. With a Perception + Wits roll, difficulty 4, they can tell
when someone is lying. A sluagh can see through illusion
automatically and, with a successful Perception roll, can read
the thoughts of anyone they concentrate on. All their Percep-
tion and Alertness rolls are reduced in difficulty by six.

 Sluagh in the Deep Dreaming cannot be heard. Their
attempts to make noise fail completely. Getting the attention

of other fae is often a monumental task for them.

‘Trolls

© The trolls' Titan's Power Birthright grants two addi-
tional dots of Strength (+5 total) and two free Bruised Health
Levels (+5 total), while grumps gain two more dots of Strength
(+7 total) and two more free Bruised Health Levels (+7 total).

© The trolls' Stubbornness Birthright grants +6 dice,
total, to all Willpower rolls of a troll in service.

* The trolls' Bond of Duty overwhelms all else. Their
missions must be completed, regardless of the consequences.
No troll can break an oath in the Deep Dreaming.

Unenchanced in
the Deep Dreaming

© Nomortal can enter the Deep Dreaming without first being
enchanted. The only exceptions are human mages, and even the
Awakened Prodigals find the way difficult. Even if they succeed in
breaking the Mistweir, they lose all recollections of the waking
world unless they've been enchanted by changelings.

© Mortals viewing the Kithain in the Deep Dreaming
suffer the full impact of the changes that the fae undergo.
Seeing the changelings without the benefit of Glamour to
protect them is enough to send even the bravest mortals fleeing
in terror.

© Those Dreamers foolish enough to consume the foods
they find in the Deep Dreaming are enchanted for an extra ten
days per morsel consumed. Additionally, all suffer the results of
being "fairy stroked": They lose all sense of self and often
wander for months or years with no idea of who they are.

© Mortal magick has no effects in the Deep Dreaming.
Whatever they attempt is certain to fail. The Dreaming toler-
ates no conscious mortal influences...unless they follow certain
tules set forth within the heart of Arcadia.

Arcadian CDorcals

From time to time, a changeling returns from a quest for
Arcadia with tales of humans possessing incredible powers.
Such stories are thought to refer to Arcadian mortals, the
humans who traded places with the sidhe and developed
powers to rival the abilities of true fae. Although no one can say
for certain what these powers might be, clearly they would have
to be prodigious to allow mortals to hold their own against the
faeries in the homeland of the Kithain. As no changeling has
been to Arcadia since the time of Resurgence, there's no way
to confirm or deny these rumors.

Many sidhe in the Deep Dreaming believe they can sense
these mortal wizards. Perhaps there still remains a connection
between these humans in Arcadia and the sidhe they displaced.

Places of Imporc in che Deep
Dreaming

Greatest ofall the dreams of changelings is the desire toreturn

Chapzer Three: The Deep Dreaming 59


to the one place forbidden them, Arcadia. Although rumors
abound of what Arcadia must surely look like and of the paradise |

that waits beyond its closed gates, no changeling, not even in the
Deep Dreaming can truly say what makes the place so special.

Arcadia

The few Kithain who've managed to teach Arcadia — or a
fabulous realm they believed to be Arcadia — have found that all
its entrances are sealed. Some foolhardy adventurers have tried to
force the gates or fly over the massive walls surrounding the place.
All have died in the attempt. As powerful as the changelings are
while in the Deep Dreaming, the true fae are more powerful still.
They are adept at using their Arts in the Deep Dreaming and suffer
no loss of power as a result of Banality. Armies of true fae wait to
stop all attackers and are prepared to kill their own to protect the
one place left in their world that is free of the mundane. There can
be no entry for the changelings, for, even from a great distance, the
true fae can sense the Banal Shiver that burns shadows into the
changelings' hearts and souls. /

Changelings who come back from the Deep Dreaming |
with vague memories of Arcadia claim they sensed a grave
threat from within the barred paradise. A few say the threat was
something aimed at them, and others state with whispered
dread that the threat was internal. Something bad has hap-
pened in Arcadia, if these changelings are correct. Something
beyond mere misfortune, bordering on the catastrophic. |

Although few dare speak the words, which come close to
being heresy, some changelings are firm in their conviction |
that Arcadia has fallen. The one true home of the faerie is gone,
they insist, destroyed from within. Followers of this belief point
accusing fingers toward the sidhe who left, convinced that their
expulsion led to the great city's downfall.

The CDiscweir

The Mistweir is the final barrier between the Deep Dreaming
and the Far Dreaming. This great cloud is little more than a foot
thick in some places and is miles deep in others. Along the great
barrier, hamlets and towns of all sizes have cropped up over the
centuries, peopled by commoner fae who claim they left Arcadia
forplaces away from the sidhe. The greatest of these towns is called
Fin Bheara, after the boggan who settled the land. Fin Bheara
comprises all sorts of Kithain, even many sidhe who claim Arcadia
was barred to them in the time of the Shattering.

The great castle in the center of Fin Bhearaisruledhalfthe |
year by a dark-haired sidhe who claims she is the rightful heir
to Arcadia's throne, and ruled the other half of the year by Fin
Bheara himself. Seelie and Unseelie alike live here, following
the old traditions long forgotten or ignored by the Kithain of
the Flesh Realm. Politics isa deadly game in the great, old town,
and strangers entering Fin Bheara are often caught in a quiet
war between the Seelie and Unseelie courts.

The fae of Fin Bheara make no claims to be Arcadians,
though they swear they know the way to the ancient homeland.
Visitors are always welcomed, so long as they can obey the laws
of the two rulers.

A hundred leagues away from Fin Bheara stands a collec-
tion of tents and pavilions called the Goblin Market. Treasures
of incredible power and rarity are for sale in the market, as are
delights and secrets beyond mortal understanding. The Goblin
Market is ruled over by a dozen goblins and their redcap
enforcers. All are welcome to enter the Goblin Market, so long
as they have money or wares to trade. Not surprisingly, most of
the wonders in the Goblin Market are of dubious origin. Some
gteat treasures wait in the carnival atmosphere, but most of the
items for sale bear little semblance to the items they claim tobe.
In last 50 years alone, 17 swords have been sold, all of which
allegedly belonged to Cu Chulain. Few buyers were disap-
pointed by the powers of these blades, but none can say with
certainty that they received the weapon they paid for.

The Waszelands

The Wastelands is a dark, miserable place where night-
mares hold eternal sway. In this endless Nightmare Realm, the
most twisted passions and fears of mortals fester and grow.
Forests of toadstools and valleys filled with moist, poisonous
lichen cover lands which once held palaces to rival Arcadia. In
this place, the darkness is complete and the Thallain hold
undeniable reign over the land. No sane changeling would dare
visit this place, save for one simple fact: the Pool of Counted
Sorrows rests in the center of the Wastelands. The Pool is said
toreveal all of the past to anyone who can stand to gaze into its
depths. Many changelings in the Deep Realms claim to have
visions of the Pool of Counted Sorrows. It may only be a lie
created by the rulers of the Nightmare Realm, or it may be
something more. Some claim it is a possible way toward
salvation for all of the Kithain.

Greac Engine

Beyond the barren icefields of Endless Night, where the ice
giants dwell and use trolls as their personal slaves, there is a
machine of extraordinary size. The Great Engine has always been
where it rests. The Firchlis does not change the shape of the
towering ruin, and the passage of eons have not caused the massive
structure any harm. The Great Engine rests atan angle, motionless
and silent. No wind blows where the machine waits. No living
thing dwells in its shadow. It's rumored that, in the ruins of the
structure that once held the Great Engine aloft, there is a final
message from the Tuatha de Danaan. Many fae have made quests
to answer the riddle of Great Engine: Some believe the message
explains how the monolithic machine works. Some are certain the
secret of how to bring about Eternal Spring is written there. Some
even believe the message explains how to reach the Tuatha de
Danaan, should the need ever arise.

Whatever the case, the message written in the shadow of
the Great Engine remains a mystery. All attempts to memorize
the words or write them down fail completely. Memories fade,
and the written manuscripts are always lost. Fae who've made
the trip all agree that the solving of this great riddle is extremely
important and could easily take a century to accomplish. Sadly,
beyond this simple truth lies a mystery that refuses to be solved.
The Great Engine has remained in its present state for as long
as any fae can recall, defying all who would resolve its secrets.

/. 0}
TS
ey PY 7

Chapzer Three: The Deep Dreaming 61

BY



Whatever is sacred, whatever is to remain sacred, must be

clothed in mystery.
—Stéphane Mallarmé

No list of the dominions to be found within the Dreaming
could ever be comprehensive. Nor should one be, for the law of
the Dreaming is simple: every mystery revealed and every secret
told only leads to a fresh enigma, world without end.

And there are so many enigmas. There is a realm for every
Dreamer, an entire interior universe locked deep within every
human heart: realms of fear, realms of joy; realms of love, and
innumerable realms of sorrow and regret. Some are transient,
shimmering in and out of existence like visionary tricks of the
light. Others gather gravity and being about themselves to
become comparatively real for a little while. Twisting and
turning in the dream-flux, they take on something approaching
solidity.

This compendium includes an assortment of those latter
realms, which, for whatever reason, have made themselves
central to the Dreaming in contemporary times. They have
gathered the hearts of the Dreaming to themselves, and their
names are ever on the minds and lips of the sibyls of the Cat's
Cradle and the Crystal Circle. Winter, Spring, and the rest of
the fate of the Dreaming lie in these realms somehow; it
remains to be determined how and why.

J

The Vale of CDiszs

Just out of sight of the Near Dreaming, as one moves
toward the deeper horizons, the first realms of the Far Dreaming
appear. These lowingward dominions, perched on the edge of
the known world, form a frontier region between the earthly
geography and trivial epiphanies of the Near Dream and the
Mythic Realms of the Far Dreaming proper. Here, in the
transitional territories, the weight and crowded emptiness of
the gray world dissolve, melting away like snow in the sun. This
place is the Vale of Mists, the boundary between the world that
is and the world that should have been.

Because the realms adjoining the Vale of the Mists are so
heartbreakingly close to the Near Dreaming, they are, by far,
the most popular destinations for changeling refugees fleeing
Banality. It is easy to follow the nearward trods down into the
lowingward fields and dales, and the characteristic dangers of
these realms are small and relatively unthreatening to brave
travelers. When Kithain brave or wise enough to travel into the
Dreaming found their way here, they believed they had found
a place that was not Arcadia, but was deep enough a paradise

Chapcer Four: Realms of Inceresc 63
ra


eX

for comfort. The result is obvious: Since the Opening, weary drop away or are lost in the process, and manifestations of
changelings are retreating to the Far Dreaming in increasing Glamour are "flattened," becoming more mundane and less
numbers and taking their leave of the cruel Earth. Here, they exciting. In response, whole regions of the Nearward Realms
build their chimerical outposts and villages, their wayfarers' have vanished from existence and left empty, aching spaces on
shelters and lonely inns. the face of the Far Dreaming. Whether they have been unmade
Even Kithain who fled into the Dreaming in the last 30 _ by Banality or simply forced to flee deeper into the Dreaming
years or so have grown strange and insular since abandoning _ for survival is unclear.
the Earth. In each of the frontier holdings of tame Dream Although truly banal regions are still exceptions and not
they've carved out of the rough wilds, the refugees have gone __ yet the rule, it is increasingly difficult for changelings to feel
their own ways, isolating themselves from Earth and one _ entirely at home in these realms. Something always seems to be
another. Many have withdrawn into their own eternal games _ missing, even in the rustic comfort of the Fields or the frenzied
and habits and fallen into unique Bedlam states. Others, sadder — chaos of Quox and Mux. Chimera and older colonists feel that
because they are more desperate, struggle to impose their own _ something has been irretrievably lost or destroyed — that some
order on the wilderness, which opens the way for Banality to quality of Glamour once indigenous to these dominions is gone

IT RAR

>
tS follow them back into the Dreaming. forever. They tend to blame the more recent refugees for
2 . bringing the weight of Banality into their formerly safe havens.
Wa The Doom of che Vale of CDiszs The latecomers themselves simply feel a sense of vague

Sais

The weight of the refugee colonies iscausing the lowingward __ loss, mingled with the bitter realization that, in this bleak
realms to crumble, to rot away due to the newcomers' combined _ century, not even the Far Dreaming is distant enough from the
desperation and regret. Starting at the nearward edges of the _ Earth tomake them happy. The dream-countries fail to provide
Fields Behind and snaking along the trods into the Bullydales them satisfaction, and so, disappointed (or cast out by the
and the Low Dukedoms, Banality is deadening these regions of chimera), they must retreat even deeper into the Dreaming.
the Far Dreaming, forcing them to become increasingly indis- Meanwhile, the chimerical inhabitants often make things
tinguishable from the Near Dreaming. The invisible spaces worse by their attempts to minimize the damage. Rules, regu-

kno — ae - ~ - = ~

lations, and immigration quotas are contrary to the will of
Glamour, and so Glamour withdraws from those colonies that
seek to enforce such restrictions. Unfortunately, this diminish-
ment only hardens the resolve of the rule-makers even further,
provoking more rules, even greater isolation from Glamour and
so forth.

Other changelings, in reaction to such restrictions, squan-
der Glamour on an increasingly narrow range of pursuits. They
become indistinguishable from true chimera themselves. These
selfish, restrictive games are not as satisfying as they once were,
and have instead grown tiresome, even (though no one would
admit it) boring.

The Fields Behind

Also known as "the Back of the Fields," this transitional
tealm is the best known of the ones between the Near Dream-
ingand Far Dreaming. On their peripheries, the Fields Behind
are quite similar to the rural towns and isolated communities
that endure on Earth: a world of small but satisfying homesteads
where everyone knows everyone and family runs deep. As one
travels dreamward along the trods, however, the communities
grow more eccentric and unlike their human counterparts.

Beyond the Vale, all signs of Banality disappear. Chimeri-
cal entities affiliated with the land and natural phenomena
become more and more common. The trod-roads grow older,
simpler and more derelict, eventually becoming unusable for
vehicular travel. At this stage, the traveler knows that she has
left the Near Dreaming behind and is now walking the Back of
the Fields.

Asmall but important community of kinain has emigrated
to the Fields Behind over the decades, some brought here by
their Kithain relations as an alternative to death. Generally,
the oldest ways and forms of the peasant lifestyle are preferred
here over the ephemera of modern life — toward the deepward
core of the Fields, even the kinain live the fairy-tale lifestyle of
villages, cottagers and simple festivals in the midst of a bound-
less, wondrous wood.

Chimerical inhabitants of the Fields typically have taken
leave of the Earth for more fully faerie communities. Most take
little interest in earthly things, as the weight of time and death
inthat place saddens them. Some are eager to accept newcom-
ers from the Nearward, welcoming them as fellow exiles; the
occasional chimera even holds travelers, against their will and
"for their own good," in order to prevent the newcomers from
wasting their lives on Earth. Others in the Fields struggle to
keep their homes quarantined from all encroachment of the
banal, and they do not take kindly to Nearward strangers who
might bring the plague of time to their villages.

The Fields do not partake in politics, though particular
sections of the Nearward periphery do pay fealty to the various
lords and ladies of the earthbound realms. The true Fields
Behind could be considered almost wholly commoner territo-
ties, ruled only by the oldest laws and traditions that bound the
common folk and chimera alike before the return of the sidhe.

Noteworthy exceptions tend to be those chimerical towns that
yearned for "proper" or "Earth-fashion" rule by sidhe or other
truly fae suzerains. These towns organize quests to find nobles
worthy enough to rule over them, and often kidnap or coerce
likely candidates. The results never seem to make the townsfolk
happy, though.

Most of those villages too sensible for this silliness are
governed by Grandmothers, ancient chimerical (or Bedlam-
bound) women who serve more as advisors than rulers.

CDuychic Hiscory of che Fields

There are few, if any, legends focusing on the Fields. Their
proximity to the Flesh Realm has caused their history to be
more tightly entangled with that of Earth than with that of the
Dreaming. Except for accounts of the early lives of Arcadian
heroes born in the Fields Behind, the epic histories of the
Green and Black Compendiaare silent about this faerie hinter-
land. The cataclysmic wars between the Arcadian Houses and
between the sidhe and the fomorians had only minor effects out
here on the periphery of the Dreaming, which is how the
Fieldling Folk prefer it.

The nature of this realm excludes any appearance in it of
the truly "epic" or the cosmically important; the Fields are not
about the overarching events that shape history, but about the
insignificant, homespun trivia that collect to form the every-
day world of the Dreaming. If a humble, commoner faerie is
born in today's bleak times, the birthplace is most often
somewhere in the Fields near Earth. If a simple but nourishing
Dreamstuff must be harvested or Crafted, the Fieldlings are the
likeliest providers — in fact, the secret recipes for the creation
of truly nourishing faerie food (as opposed to the tasty but
ultimately non-nutritious stuff commonly manufactured from
Glamour) are unique to the Fields. The Fields Behind are
homespun but hearty, unobtrusive but substantial, qualities
that suit their inhabitants perfectly.

The Voice of che Realm

Magically speaking, the Fields are strongly connected to
the everyday rituals and tools of human peasant life. Treasures
tend to include such things as butter churns, featherbeds and
screwdrivers, and ceremonies tend to focus on food and handi-
crafts. Noteworthy natural affinities are the Cow and the Sow,
vegetable magic (especially that pertaining to grains and other
crops) and the weather. The Fieldling Folk are among the best
chimerical weather-workers in the whole of the Dreaming and
have many tricks and little spells for predicting rain and sun.
Because birds tend to be antithetical to the Fields, the Scare-
crow is a particularly common enchanted object, and many
trods leading into the realm are guarded or otherwise inhabited
by members of the tribe of Scarecrows.

Dream Landscape

Because the Fields resist the creation of especially interest-
ing sites, the realm itself appears remarkably homogeneous —


The Sharpened Cars

These ritual daggers, used in the harvest festivals
of the Fields Behind, come from specially treated ears
of corn. During the festivals, candidates for the office
of Season-King duel with these corn-daggers until
one prevails; he then serves the Grandmother through
the harvest until the following spring, when a new
Season-King is chosen through another, more private
method.

Use of the Sharpened Ears is not exclusive to
harvest time, however, and most citizens of the Fields
can season corn to give it a sharp edge. While the
process does require the ears be treated from planting
to harvest for best results, serviceable emergency
weapons can be crafted in five minutes from super-
market corn. Would-be warriors of the realm tend to
practice hard with Sharpened Ears throughout the
year, to better their chances at the next festival.

Many find bearers of Sharpened Ears to be quite
sexually attractive, and so the weapons are worn and
wielded by most young changeling males (and fe-
males) who are interested in such things. Despite
commonly held belief, women can both season and
wield the Ears as well as anyone.

a vast patchwork of small homesteads, connected by dusty
lanes and bounded on all sides by progressively wilder brambles
and river gullies. From time to time, the homesteads cluster
together into a faerie village or town, but the majority are
isolated cottage holdings, inhabited by one or two extended
families of commoner faeries.

In the Flesh Realm, the major geographic distinction in
such an agrarian landscape would be that produced by crop
diversification. However, the Fields resist such rational classi-
fications. In an apparently nonsensical pattern that would be
impossible closer to the earthly world, cornfields alternate
with wheat fields, rice paddies, barley rows, and even those rare
grains unique to the Dreaming.

However, it is, appropriately, in the fields that the true
geographic wonder of the Fields presents itself in all its splen-
dor. Each of the grain fields of the realm is a molded and
flattened unique pattern of circles and spirals; together, they
resemble nothing so much as agricultural hedge mazes or
traditional knotwork. On festival nights, the Fieldlings gather
to dance around these circles and weave from field to field,
from spiral to spiral.

The Grandmothers say that these patterns represent the
entire shape of the Dreaming, written in vegetation. They cite
the similarity between the spirals and certain trod formations
in the Irrgarten and elsewhere.

Of all the hearts of the Dreaming, the Fields feel most

Dreams and Nighcmares

intensely the weight of time and Banality. Vast tracts of this
realm are continually being pulled down to the Earth, where
they are incorporated into earthly reality or destroyed; the
dispossessed Fieldlings crowd into neighboring territories and
add to the refugee population, thus straining Fieldling society
even further. The process is a vicious one, growing inexorably
in speed and fury.

The most salient signs of this rot taking hold in a home-
stead are the appearance of television antennae and the disap-
pearance of the crop patterns. Once these signs begin, only the
wisest Fieldling can determine the quests required to heal the
stead and preserve it from Banality.

Fieldling Fotk

Aswith the land, so with the native folk. The chimera who
inhabit the Fields Behind tend to oppose the idea of fame or
adventure; otherwise, they would have left their safe cottages
in search of same. While there are local heroes and villains,
wise folk and notorious fools, they are noteworthy only within
their own immediate village — in the next town over, there

Cows and Sows

The only important social distinction within
the Fields is that between Cows and Sows. Difficult
to explain to outsiders, Cows and Sows appear to fill,
somewhat, the role of the Seelie-Unseelie dichotomy
within the largely "Seelie" Fields, and to provide an
arena for competition and social change. Member-
ship in one faction or the other derives from a
Fieldling's primary choice of livestock. Those home-
steads that raise faerie cattle for meat and milk
belong to the Cow and celebrate certain Cow festi-
vals; those homesteads that raise faerie hogs belong
to the Sow and adhere to the Sow calendar. While
Cow-Sow affiliations rarely cause animosity or open
conflict, members of each faction tend to socialize
with "their own kind"; ifasked, many will discuss the
"obvious philosophical differences" between Cow
and Sow at great length. Regardless, the two lifestyles
appear nearly interchangeable to non-Fieldlings.

Perhaps the most important distinction be-
tween Cows and Sows in the autumnal dream of the
current age is that the newcomers ("hippies") to the
Fields tend to be Sows, while the oldest families tend
to be Cows ("farmers"). In many of the Nearward
villages, the recent influx of Sows has strained
tempers, as the long-established Cows feel threat-
ened and outnumbered by their rivals. Cows paint
these new arrivals as destroyers of the simple envi-
ronment that the Cows labored so long to build.
Sows can expect to be treated with suspicion and
even a degree of rudeness until they make their
intentions known.


will be different names of renown, similar but unique in their
own small ways. Grandmother Ella in one village is similar, but
not identical to, Grandmother Eola in the next, and both are
slightly different from Grandmother Elka in the third.

Magical personages common to the Fields include Scare-
crows, Potatoheads and other Vegetable Folk, some Dolls and
domestic animals, and an unlimited variety of Devis, giggly
Shrubberlings, Zephyrs, Pebblings and other such small and
spritely Edible People, each type governed by its own Little
Parliament.

The Bullydale Wasces

Past the Fields Behind, the trods grow treacherous, becom-
ing less like roads and more like goat-paths or hunting trails.
The faerie villag
until the travel
The cottagers themselves grow increasingly strange, and this is

row smaller and les:

-ommon, thinning out

s alone but for a rude cottage here and yon.

a region of cannibals, inverts, bandits and witches.

The landscape here tends toward the unknowable but
malign depths of the uninhabited wilderness. Old oaks, brambles,
and bogs encourage the traveler to keep to the path. In the dark,
little nightmares and dreadlings breed, to serve as allies and
tools (and often as raw materials) for the lonely faerie inhabit-
ants of this place.

These are the Bullydales, also known as "the dark lands" or
the "wild country" by Earthward changelings. Swamps alter-
nate with blasted heaths; the proportions are off and every-
thing is a bit unbalanced, but not overwhelmingly so. In other
words, Bedlam. Eccentricity, pettiness, greed, short-sightedness
and stupidity rule here.

A nasty, brutish place, the Bullydale (or, sometimes,
Hitherdale) Wastes are linked to all creatures that survive
through poison, theft and the eating of offal — hyenas, lizards,
cuckoos, carnivorous plants. The realm's dominant emotional
affinity is endless, mindless hunger, which results in the com-
mon sight of Bullylings gnawing on one another out of boredom
and mutual loathing. Smarter chimera often sublimate this
hunger into greedy or hoarding behavior. They perform un-
speakably petty and vindictive acts in the hope of being
rewarded with gold or jewels, or even a tasty cut of meat orsome
wet leather. The props that are particularly affiliated with the
Bullydales include crude implements of torture and intimida-
tion, but generally extend to anything broken or discarded —
theswampy ground of many areas of the Wastes is covered with
piles of trash and other useless litter.

At various points, the Wastes completely sink into the
bogs, utterly obscuring the trods. Here, local bandit tribes tend
to camp, waiting in ambush for hapless travelers to lose the
Path and become fair game. Other tribes simply block the Path
at various strategic points, where they charge a toll that can
range from the minor to the ridiculous. Apart from these bandit
outposts, the Bullydales are a trackless maze of swamp trails and

crude hovels interspersed with Unattended Birthday Parties
and other lesser nightmares. Most Bullylings live alone out of

acombination of miserliness, paranoia and self-loathing; as


Lol

a4

CARE

such, settlements are scattered widely.

The Lost Nursery Baccalions

Creacures of che
Squatid Terrain
Forgotten by the Arcadian courts (or perhaps it
would be better to say "deliberately ignored"), the
Bullydales have festered and grown unheathily fat on
_ their own selfishness since the beginning of time. The
traveler experienced in the path through the Wastes is
not surprised to learn that the Bullylings allied almost
unanimously with the fomorians during the War of the
Trees. While the world has changed several times since
then, the traits that the fomorians exploited still run
strong in the Bullyling spirit: petty hubris, stupid greed
and craven cowardice.

Still, the Bullylings seem to enjoy their corrupt
lifestyles as outlaws, misers and bullies. Unseelie nobles
often seek out Bullylings to use as suitably pliable
lackeys and servants — in particular, the dwellers in
the deepest parts of the Hither bogs are highly prized as
the Unseeliest of all common chimera, with no Sum-
mer anywhere in their nature to destabilize their loyal-
ties. Whether these nightmarish creatures are as mind-
lessly cruel as the legendary Bullyling servants to the
fomorians is an open question that nobody particularly
cares to answer. Instead, the more pressing question is:
Have the latter-day Bullylings (including horrible new
breeds like Scarf Hounds and Kroupa) rejoined the

service of the resurgent fomorians?

Best knownas one of the primary spawning grounds
for various nightmare chimera, the Bullydales appear
to breed for infamy. Fortunately, the witches, pirates,
bandit chiefs, cannibal monsters and incompetent
nightmare races tend to pose even more of a danger to
one another than to innocent travelers, ensuring that
the unlucky victim of ambush will be able to play the
locals against one another.

Unique among all the Bullylings, the local redcap
population does not take perverse shame in its origins,
nor does it partake in the otherwise universal stupidity
and selfish greed that infests the realm. Admittedly,
many Bullyling redcaps are both stupid and selfish, but
such behavior is less a cultural standard than a personal
choice for them; a small but substantial number have
actually proven themselves to be quite heroic and
gracious faeries, despite their sordid background. These
redcaps, in particular, tend to display a curious but
stubborn pride in their native land. They neither apolo-
gize for its many faults, nor use it to excuse their own
character failings. Instead, it is simply "home," the
place where they are from.

Lurking in the undergrowth, these now-renegade com-

OL,

mando units of the unending Nursery War are a constant
menace to all non-Childlings. The Battalions are childling
chimera who have gone feral after living their credo "No Fair
to Grumps" too zealously and too long.

Wilders and grumps who dismiss the danger posed by the
Nursery commandos should remember the incredible casual-
ties inflicted by these Battalions upon all sides during the
Accordance War. They have sharp teeth and know how to bite.
They have pointed fingernails and know how to pull hair. They
are geniuses at not playing fair with enemies of any size.

The Twelve Wicches of che QDarsh

Although the Bullydales are infested with evil witches of
the minor sort, the Marsh Witches deserve special mention
here for being foresighted enough to put aside their petty
differences and form a loose mutual assistance society. While
the other witches and miscellaneous creatures of the Wastes
spend most of their time scheming against one another (or
protecting against others' schemes), the Twelve are free to
indulge their eccentric hobbies, each with the knowledge that,
if she is attacked, she can summon her sisters.

All 12 Marsh Witches are exceptionally selfish, cold-
hearted, and treacherous. Particularly noteworthy among them
are Ootha, who practices the old exchange of magical favors for
young and pretty body parts; Allhara the Virgin; Baktasha,
known as a particularly experimental cook; and Lenoora, the
legendary (and deeply Bedlam-bound) sidhe queen of the
Hitherward Witches.

Signs of Winzer Approaching

It is asad but understandable fact that most Kithain would
not care if time and Banality crushed the Bullydales once and
forall. Afterall, the realm is a breeding ground for monsters and
criminals directed only by the schemes of witches and quite
possibly by the fomorians themselves. Its destruction would be
doing a service to everyone.

Still, the signs of Winter coming to the Bullydales are
occasionally quite poignant, no matter how well-deserved a fate it
might be. For example, the witches' powers have waned as the
nearward Dreaming has faded, turning the once-fearsome hags
(with the exception of Lenoora and the rest of the Twelve) into
almost pitiful creatures, shadows of their former selves. On the
other hand, the weight of Banality on their native land appears to
cause many of the Thallain enormous and constant pain, which
only makes them more enraged and dangerous. Thallain childlings,
who, increasingly, are born either deformed or small and sickly,
suffer these ravages in particular.

Meanwhile, the secret magical herbs and preparations that
grow rife in the Hitherdale swamps have become ominously
rare in modern times. Many magical processes that require such
ingredients might now be considered lost to Faerie and impos-
sible to complete under present conditions.


The Chimneypeople
The chimerical race of Chimneypeople mimic hu-
mans in most respects, including a variety of ages and two
main genders. The primary physical difference separating
Chimneypeople from humanity is that the Chimneys
possess a much higher internal body temperature, usually
around the boiling point of water. It causes a slight
seepage of steam to escape continually from a
Chimneyperson's ears, nose, and mouth (especially when
one speaks), as well as from a specially evolved duct atop
arather elongated head. From this last steaming duct the
Chimneypeople derive their name.

Because of the steam problem, Chimneys always wear
hats when attempting (futilely) to disguise their identities.
They also wear earmuffs (or headphones) in season. Chim-
neys love to wear warm clothing of extremely garish prints
(plaids, paisleys, checks) and dark glasses, but not for any
known practical reason —rather, it seems to be simple bad
taste. They have no known sense of humor, which tends to
make them intensely funny to others.

Inthe Bullydales, they were smiths and chief toadies,
and they figure in a number of stories as goats and straight
men. Those few Chimneys to emigrate from the Wastes
have gone mercenary and now serve the highest bidder as
assassins and arsonists. Many are also self-employed as
petty crime bosses. They seem to be obsessed with dia-
monds and are known to do anything to get them; rumor
has it that diamonds form a vital component of the
Chimney diet in the Bullydales, and occasional consump-
tion is still necessary to keep their internal furnaces
burning at peak efficiency. As mercenaries, they work for
anyone, even the fomorians and other avowed enemies of
Faerie. They are often highly skilled professionals and can
command extraordinarily high prices.

Chimneypeople are solitary, very territorial crea-
tures, and they renegotiate any contract that forces them
to cross paths with another of their kind. Whimsical
changelings point to the "similarities" between the
Chimneypeople and the Men In Black as yet another
example of the magicians taking a perfectly good faerie
idea and draining all the fun out of it. Needless to say, they
don't know what they're talking about.

The Low Dukedoms: Quox and
Mux

Every truly good practical joke is unrepeatable.

— Sir Randolph Churchill

Toward the limits of the Bullydales, the petty selfishness
and violence becomes more mindless, the schemes increasingly

more outrageous. The usual rules bend and finally collapse into
absurdity. Once totally absurd behavior is the rule, then the

traveler has arrived in the Low Dukedoms, the heart of trickery
and slapstick comedy in the Dreaming.

Everyone in Quox is obsessed with playing practical jokes
on people. Everyone in Mux is obsessed with the same thing.
The only difference between Mux and Quox is that Muxians
hate Quoxites and Quoxites hate Muxians. To an outsider,
both are equally obnoxious breeds (or amusing, depending
upon one's point of view).

Legendary Framework

Simply put, the origins of Quox and Mux are one of the
most confusing aspects of the Dreaming. There are two main
sources of this confusion. First, all important residents are liars,
cheats and pranksters, making it difficult to trust historical
sources — in fact, the more informed a source is about the
Dukedoms, the less likely she is to be telling the truth, and vice
versa. Second, the very identities of the dominions that we
know as "Quox" and "Mux" appear to have changed randomly
throughout the past, and it is difficult to be sure that any two
sources are talking about the same "Quox" or the same "Mux."

The Dukedoms (or rather, the earliest known pair of
Dukedoms) first appear in the Green Compendium during the
age of the fomorians. At that time, the Animal Courts were
already a subjugated people, being used by the fomorian over-
lords as food, slave labor and raw material for cruel entertain-
ments. Those Animals who remained free lived hidden with
their wild cousins in the depths of the Dream Forests, where
they endured a sad existence.

Fortuitously, at the time of the sidhe gigantomachy against
the fomorians, two Animals were born in this forest exile. One,
a Hare, was named Quox; the other, a Coyote, was named Mux.
Asisusual in such stories, the two immediately became lifelong
rivals and spent their waking lives spinning elaborate schemes
and traps for each other, in hopes of pulling the Ultimate Prank
and becoming the unchallenged Great Trickster.

When the two combined forces in an epic practical joke,
the magical arsenal of the Red Fomorians was destroyed, which
enabled the Arcadians to defeat their foes. Ever since, the
Animals have ruled the independent dream-nations of Mux
and Quox, given autonomy from Arcadia by the grateful sidhe.
Now, the Dukedoms exist as completely independent anarchi-
cal states within the Dreaming, ruled only by whichever
pranksters possess the epic talent to claim the inheritance of
the original Coyote or Hare. Only Zozo the Monkey, original
leader of the dispossessed Animals, remains a constant moder-
ating voice in the otherwise insane noise of the Dukedoms.

The chief residents of the Low Dukedoms are childlings of
all sorts, pooka, and members of the two Animal Courts.
However, any faerie of the requisite temperament is welcome
to become a citizen of either realm — apart from the insanely
convoluted paperwork required for citizenship (which every-
one ignores anyway), the only prerequisite is that the prospec-
tive Quoxite/Muxian survive the traditional period of hazing
by her new neighbors.


Local Color

The primary affinities of the Low Dukedoms are animals of
all sorts. According to disreputable scholars, it is for this reason
that the pooka kith is so closely attuned to the anarchic logic
of Quox and Mux; perhaps the fluffleheads even originated
from the Dukedoms long ago. While all animals are beloved in
the Dukedoms, special honor is given to elephants, monkeys,
roosters, foxes, hares and coyotes, Other magical keystones of
the Dukedoms include the Seven Naughty Words, the Kazoo
and the Bent Spoon. The heraldic insignia for both Mux and
Quox is an inflated bladder; the bladder of Quox is displayed
normally, but for Mux the bladder is inverted.

The constantly shifting nature of the Dukedoms makes it
difficult to provide a definitive list of local points of interest.
Still, some aspects of each realm remain "classic," enduring in
some form or another from generation to generation. In any
case, the traveler should note that, although the favored
building material in both Quox and Mux is candy, it is generally
considered bad form to snack without permission.

Zozos House

An unassuming yellow cottage, Zozo's House is the home of
Zozo the Monkey. Zozo is the (comparatively) benign sage and
judge over the chaotic doings of the Dukedoms and the almost
universally respected arbiter of how far jokes can go and still be
funny. When a denizen of the Dukedoms feels that she has been
wronged, she has the choice of either taking revenge into her own
hands or pleading her case before Zozo. In the firstinstance, the war
of retaliatory pranks likely continues until one party or both lose
interest. In the second, Zozo ruminates on the case and then
assigns both parties a task; whoever completes his (generally
nonsensical or at least whimsical) mission with the grandest style
is determined to be legally in the right.

Furthermore, Zozo's House is not only located at the
boundary between Quox and Mux, it is that boundary line
itself. Pranking parties who sortie into the opposing Dukedom
to cause trouble are officially "safe" once they cross through
Zozo's fenced yard and back to their home territory. All pursuit
must stop at the house, and the pursuers must either plead their
case before Zozo or go home unsatisfied to plot revenge in their
own fashion. It should be noted that "tagging the yard" is not
the same thing as being legally absolved of whatever pranks a
faerie has committed; nothing is forgiven or forgotten, and the
trickster should never forget that the tricked will remember the
event, should they ever meet again.

Furthermore, tagging the yard is by no means as easy as it
might sound. Zozo is a terrible housekeeper, and his yard is
cluttered with broken toys, half-eaten food, banana peels and
other garbage. On occasion, fleeing pranksters have suffered
greater abuse from these obstacles than they would have gotten
from their pursuers; some inhabitants of the Dukedoms are so
daunted by the yard that they tag it only as a last resort.
Furthermore, the fleeing party must cross the entire yard in
order to score a tag — anywhere within the yard, she is still
subject to being caught and punished by her pursuers.

Dreams and Nightmares

Quoxburg and COuxcoumn: Twin Cicies of
che Adsurd

Quoxburg, the only important inhabited area in Quox, is
the size of a small town. Because animals, childlings and
childling-size chimera compose the majority of the local popu-
lation, many of the more important buildings are scaled down,
making the Quoxburg skyline both picturesque and vaguely
disturbing. Visitors of larger size who do not possess shapeshifting
magic tend to find it difficult to navigate the small stairwells
and doorways, which creates impromptu "Small Only" areas.

Important places within Quoxburg proper include the palace
of Chaunticleer Quox (a Rooster) and the adjoining Egg Factory,
which forms the rudimentary basis of what passes for the Quoxian
economy. These eggs are packaged and shipped to points through-
out the Dreaming, where they are used for a variety of purposes,
from food to sorcery (including special armors and Orfeo's Path)
to simply being thrown at people. Other points of interest are the
Tricked-Out Bazaar, which specializes in gaffed and other joke
clothing, various training and recruitment facilities for the Nurs-
ery Battalions, and several exotic novelty shops.

Muxtown, the Muxly counterpart to neighboring

The Pucci

These chimerical entities (also called the "Chubbies")
resemble plump human babies of less than two years of age
and were employed in Arcadia as houseservants and valets.
They are good workers (albeit with a wide streak of mischief)
but do not thrive in truly dangerous environments. Within
the Dreaming, some colonies have gone feral, reverting to
mundane baby culture (or lack thereof). Others are traded
among cannibal chimera as a delicacy, and still others have
gone rogue, quitting their jobs and living throughout the
Dream Realms as free agents.

Although they can walk and manipulate objects with
enough steadiness to carry heavy tea-trays and march in
processions, Putti possess no physical skills not commonly
available to two-year-old human babies. Some breeds possess
small wings for gliding short distances, but such Putti have
become quite rare. No Putti are particularly good at fighting,
although feral types have been known to bite. Their lifecycle
is quite bizarre, as they are apparently grown and harvested like
fruiton trees. Childlingsare infamous forbeingboth fascinated
and disgusted by the Putti, and they vacillate between feeling
jealous enough of the Putti to try to get them into trouble and
romping happily with them as equals. Left to their own
devices, Putti prefer to go naked. When on-duty, they can
usually be found wearing livery chosen by their master; deca-
dent orescaped specimens wear a burlesque of human fashions.

Highly placed Putti have been known to put on airs
and behave as if they were human beings or even true
changelings. There have been incidents of Putto valets
getting involved in human vices like cigar smoking or
gambling, anda number of famous Putti have participated
in palace intrigues.


6

Quoxburg, resembles its rival in many respects, including the
childling-scaled architecture. In fact, Muxtown boasts an en-
tire ghetto neighborhood that is scaled even smaller, as it
accommodates toddlers and the smallest of animals only.
Called "Puttitown," this notorious region is the nexus for many
of the most ruthless Putti crime syndicates in the Dreaming; it
has an ominous density of milk bars and clip shops.

The increased presence of the Putti and openly carnivo-
rous animals makes the flavor of Muxtown rather rambunc-
tious and wild compared to Quoxburg, which is saying a great
deal. Unseelie brawls break out in the Muxtown streets far
more frequently than in Quoxburg, and they tend to spread
farther and to be more violent.

Other than Puttitown (with its pawnshops and so forth),
Muxtown boasts the Mansion of Reynardine Mux (a Fox), a
gunpowder factory, and Joe Miller's Archive of joke books.

The Joke Isnz Funny Anymore

Although the manic energy and nonstop laughs of the
Dukedoms hide it, Winter is actually quite deeply established in
this realm. The signs are subtle but undeniable —since the sealing
of Arcadia, the Bruins (chimerical bears) have all disappeared and
are thought to have died out. Certain particularly choice novelty
items like good itching powder or Special Gum are now difficult
to find, as the raw materials have become extinct within those
parts of the Dreaming where they were once harvested. A general
malaise has set in, compounded by an influx of comparatively
serious-minded military childlingsand mercantile Putti who would
prefer to make revolution or money than to laugh. Every time
somebody tells a joke and nobody laughs, a Quoxite dies. Every
time somebody gets told to stop goofing around, a Muxian dies.

Saddest of all, Zozo the Monkey has finally grown sick with
his advanced age, and no longer seems interested in fostering
the amusing rivalry between the Dukedoms. It is uncertain
whether the internecine pranking would continue when he
dies, or what (if anything) would replace it.

The Deepward Road

Before Arcadia, before the sidhe rose out of the Hearthlands
and took their rightful place as rulers of the Dream, the fomorians
tuled. The trolls remember the Fomorian Dream, but they do not
speak of it — according to the Green and Black Compendia, it was
anage of strange wonders, haunting beauty and terror, and the oldest
ofall the stories, ones that no longer make sense even to faeries.

Neither Seelie nor Unseelie, but comprising three ancient
courts of their own, the fomorians are best remembered now as
preternatural monsters, against which the sidhe rebelled in the
conflict known as the War of the Trees or the Fomoriomachy.
After a seemingly eternal and undoubtedly apocalyptic series of
battles, the three courts of the fomorians were chained and
imprisoned in the depths of the Dream Forest, on the peaks of the
Dream Mountains and at the bottom of the Dream Sea.

Most of the fomorians are still chained. Since Arcadia has
locked itself away from the Dreaming, however, some have

gotten loose and are even now calling their forces to these wild
territories in the depths of the Far Dreaming. Between the
locked gates and the Earth, nestled among dreams and forgot-
ten memories, the Great Monsters are taking root.

Deep if dy Land: The CDilderwood

The Dreaming is not bound by one truth, but is instead
built on the back of contradiction and paradox. Everything can
be true and false within the depths of the Dream, depending on
who you talk to and where you are. Solid, static truth deadens
the Dream; its body is cold iron.

Itisbecause of thisaspectof the Dreaming that the Milderwood
(also known as the Forest of Dan and the Great Dream Forest) is
the stuff of paradox given form. As "the Forest of Lies," the
Milderwood is a spawning ground for all that is illusory, falsely
seductive, ephemeral and maliciously untrue — in short, of
everything that lies in the painful gap between the true nature of
things and the masks they wear. Whenever a child tells the truth,
the faerie sages say, some pernicious part of the Milderwood dies.
The tangled roots of the old oaks grow straight and sickly, the
brambles thin out, and even the infamous looping paths of the
Milderwood become safe, clear and monotonously boring.

And yet, the Milderwood is also "the first of the great True
Forests of the Dreaming." It is the heart of all dreams of trees
and shadows, cool paths and secret waterways. Impenetrable
and confusing as the Milder is, the Great Forest is still one of the
last refuges for all those little spirits and splinters of fairy
folklore that were locked out of Arcadia. In the shadow of the
leaves and trees, these fragments of the old stories pool and
grow together, forming strange hybrid myths and creatures.
Meantime, within the Wood, the Silver Path is almost invis-

The Dance of the Trees

The oldest and proudest of the faerie spirits of
the Wood, the Dancing Trees, appear to be unafraid
of the changes in the Earth that terrify meat change-
lings. To the Trees, even Winter and Spring are but
seasons in the dance. Branches bend in the snow in
order that they do not break. Leaves fall, but there
will be new ones. Boughs adapt with changing con-
ditions, turning toward the sun and away from ob-

structions, growing over and around.

Whether this is vegetable wisdom or senility isa
matter of opinion. In any case, the Dancing Trees are
apparently instrumental in spreading the cult of the
New Spring (if not starting it outright) throughout
changeling society, which is one of the chief reasons
the dryads (little daughters of the Dance) are so
mistrusted by conservative sidhe. According to ru-
mor, the Dancers are also teaching the human plant-
witches something about the future, something
depthless and timeless.

Chapcer Four: Realms of Incerese

=|

roe

ible, a slender goat-trail of riddles and complicated woodcraft.

The CUhice Fomorian Courc

In the morning of the world, when human civilization was

still a circle of torchlight surrounded by a vast and unexplored
wilderness, the Milderwood was that wilderness. In those days,
it was the stronghold of the White Fomorians, youngest and
smallest of the three fomorian courts. There, in the depths of
the Dream Forest, the White Monsters built their great and
ghostly city, carving it out of ivory, aspen and alabaster. This
city was so terrible as to have no name.

Gi

OSS

oy
Ee2

The White Fomorians themselves were proud and gro-
tesquely beautiful creatures who ruled an empire of delirium
and phantasmagoria. Born, perhaps, in fever- or in drug-

Sas
SS

induced nightmares, they were exquisitely cruel to the various
races they enslaved (many of which would later be extermi-
nated or become associated with the Thallain). Throughout
the primeval Dreaming, all chimera who were smaller or less
cunning than the White feared being captured and remade by
the fomorians.

SV

Ce

It is said that the War of the Trees between the sidhe and
the fomorians began when the White enslaved members of the
first tribe of sidhe. With the sealing of Arcadia, nothing can be
certain, but the dim memories of certain earthbound sidhe and
the fragmentary accounts in the Black Compendium seem to
verify this. The masters of the nameless white city committed
crimes that were terrible to the Arcadians, and in three epic
battles the White Fomorians and their shimmering city were
destroyed.

The White Fomorians claimed that the sidhe fought
unfairly, both by employing strange new weapons and allies
and through attacking by surprise. In any case, the ivory gates
of the nameless city were broken and the roots and runners of
the eternal forest reclaimed the streets and towers. Within the
green shadows, the Arcadian magicians bound the surviving
White, entangling them forever (or so it was hoped) in the
roots of the oldest oaks.

Nothing lasts forever where magic is concerned.

The Empire of CDasks

Having defeated and imprisoned the White Court, the
Arcadians then turned to defend themselves against reprisals
from the other fomorians. In order to prevent meddling with
the entangled foe, the Milderwood was allowed to grow densely |
over the ruined city, while the Silver Path itself became the |
obscure trace it is today. Silence fell upon the forest.

Unfortunately, rather than keeping nightmarish elements
away from the imprisoned fomorians, this isolation only en-

couraged grotesque and malicious chimera to take refuge in the
Milderwood, far from the punishing eyes of the sidhe and other
comparatively upright folk. While the White slept on in the
darkness of their oaks, the forest above them became a haven |
for Great Witches, solitary monsters, savage beastsandhybrids, |
and other bizarre creatures. The wood itself grew strange and
unsettling, as the alien magic of the nameless white city

the Milderwood, half astride the Silver Path and half off it. In
this "Empire of Masks," she rules over a chimerical throng and
some scattered, deeply Bedlam-ridden changelings, who, like
Duke Asterlan, became lost in the Far Dreaming and found
their way to the Milderwood. Wearing masks that are, by turns,
inhumanly beautiful and monstrously ugly, Marianna's court
plays at games of vanity and subterfuge. They are averse to
showing their true faces to one another — the idea horrifies
them, and being stripped of one's mask is considered the
ultimate disgrace and punishment.

Lilia, che Lady wich Bones
Inscead of a Hand

One of the White Fomorians, the Lady Liliu, loves
nothing more than the hunt for children. Dressed in
exquisite haute couture gowns (she never wears any colors
but white and iridescent, reptilian green), elbow gloves,
wide-brimmed hats and uncomfortable shoes, she roams
both the Dreaming and the waking world looking for
children to capture. In the waking world, she never remains
in one town for longer than a lunar month.

Behind the game of masks is a strange and abiding sorrow.
Some say Dame Mariannais helping to free the White Fomorians
from their imprisonment. Others insist that the Masked Court's
members are becoming increasingly like the old fomorians, and
that, whether or not they become vessels for the actual White,
they are walking down the same road. Still others (a minority),
argue that Marianna isactually attempting to keep the fomorians
securely rooted underground, and is hence protecting Arcadia
itself.

The Lady has no flesh on her right hand, only living
bone, which she hides with a glove to keep her identity
secret. When she thinks she's alone, she absently
scratches her boney fingertips against metal, wood, or
chalkboards to produce truly disgusting noises. The
bone hand is much stronger than that of a human
woman of her build.

In the waking world, the Lady's favored method is
to move into an abandoned house in a small town, then
do away with a teacher at the local elementary school
and take his or her place. She then examines her
students over the next week or so. If she discovers any
childlings among them, she stalks them and attempts to
lure them into her house. At this point, a struggle begins
that will not end until either the childling is captured or
the lady is driven away from the town; it is doubtful
whether she can be killed by normal means. If there are
no childlings in the Lady's chosen class, she has no
qualms about kidnapping another teacher and trying
again until her month is up.

In any case, the Milderwood appears to be changing again.

The Bones of the Cicy

Growmenunber of the White Court have dipped then
bonds and now walk the Dreaming as they did in the ancient
days. While most of them have escaped to the far depths of the
Dreaming or to the Earth (where they appear to be unaffected
by Banality), some have remained in the Milderwood, appar-
ently to return the Great Dream Forest to its original state.
Already, the old traps and delirium-snares of the fomorians are
spreading throughout the Dreaming, while the Forest of Lies
itself becomes, bit by bit, transformed to reflect better the
Dream the fomorians remember. As this process continues, the
guards and wards placed on those fomorians still imprisoned
weaken even further, increasing the risk that they will break
down entirely. Without the aid (or notice) of Arcadia, such an
occurrence would likely cause the return of the oldest of Old
Winters to the Dreaming, dooming the Earthbound to a night-
marish world.

No one knows what happens to children captured
by the Lady with Bones Instead of a Hand. Perhaps they
become part of her entourage of strangely wizened dwarf
houseservants. Perhaps they are eaten or otherwise
utilized. In any case, according to some accounts, the
Lady cannot be seen by wilders or grumps, but such
claims may be mere exaggeration.

Aspects of the Fomorian Dream are already appearing
throughout the Milderwood, although they are almost always

leached into the roots of the trees and fed fever-dream into thi
very earth and air. The source of the falsehood and illusion of
the "Forest of Lies" is this poison.

The Milderwood festered. Long after the end of the War of
the Trees, Dame Marianna the False came out of Arcadia to
dwell in the forest. Naturally, accounts vary as to how and why
ahigh Arcadian lady would do such a thing. Perhaps, as her
enemies claim, she sought to learn the forbidden fomorian arts
above their sleeping bodies. Perhaps, as she herself claims, she
was gifted with foreknowledge of Arcadia's doom and fled early
to create a sanctuary elsewhere for the faerie folk.

The Knighcs of che Rose

The Rosenkavaliers are a paramilitary arm of the
Inanimate Court of Seed, staffed entirely by spirits
inhabiting rosebushes. These entities tend most closely
to resemble sidhe, except they are more abstract and
even more subtle than the meat highborns. As the only
group within the Sylvan Empire to concern themselves
with courtly love or the virtues of the quest, the
Rosenkavaliers share many matters of temperament
with the Arcadians, but now spend much of their time
hunting signs of the resurgent fomorians throughout
the Dream Forests.

Barring love and other enchantments, it is doubtful whether
the truth will ever be had of this Mistress of the Forest of Lies.
Marianna has built herself her own mad court in the depths of

Chapter Four: Realms of Incerese


destroyed as soon as possible by the Knights of the Rose (and,
to their credit, the Masked Court). Trees should not have
bones, and yet they do increasingly in the Milderwood. Strange,
noisy vehicles should not roar through the forest and breathe
poisonous clouds into the air, and yet they do. Cities should not
rebuild themselves, growing walls and stairs again, an alabaster
panel at a time. Within the nested paradoxes of the Forest of
Lies, it is difficult to tell what is impossible and what is part of
the natural order of dreams, and so the Fomorian Dream grows.

Deep If dy Air: Chakravada and
che Splincered QDouncains

The heights whirl themselves away

still more fiercely

than you.

—Paul Celan, "Wer Schlug Sich Zu Dir?"

The range of peaks known to changelings as the Splintered
Mountains rings the Far Dreaming in all directions, forming
the natural and largely impassable boundary between the
Hearthlands and the Deep Dreaming itself. In general, the
Splintered Mountains offer a fantastic landscape almost be-
yond the imagination: massive, jagged peaks of naked stone
jutting skyward in utter defiance of gravity, coming impossibly
close to bridging the gap between earth and heaven. From afar,
the Splinterpeaks (and particularly the giant in their midst,
Mount Chakravada) appear daunting, a literal empire of peaks
and valleys. Closer, the daunting panorama dissolves into an
endless network of passes and slopes — an entire world to
become lost in, where altitude and seasons are transient phe-
nomena at best.

Here is another of the mysteries of the Dreaming: Mount
Chakravada, greatest of all mountains, is also the center of all
the worlds, and, at least within dreams, it is alive. Some of the
most secretive of all the mortal magicians know this fact, but
have misled themselves to think that the Mountain no longer
exists. They called Chakravada "Qaf," and, although it was
long ago that they knew it and the world has changed since, the
sacred mountain lingers still. Somewere within the Dreaming,
the world is still as whole as it ever was, splintered but unbroken
— this is the difference between dream and waking life.

In the Dreaming, the great slow spirit of the mountain
lingers, brooding in its ponderous majesty. According to the
legends, all the laws and bans of the Dreaming depend on
Chakravada's stony body for force, from Zozo's Pronuncifees to
the Riddles of Doom and Silver. Oaths sworn on the Mountain
are unbreakable, no matter how terrible or doom-laden they
might be; the most famous (and tragic) example is the Pact with
Hell, which allowed Arcadia to be built, and because of which
the Tithe is now paid.

Beyond the undeniable wonder of Mount Chakravada, the
Splinterpeaks are an endless land of stark, elemental contrasts,
all bright sun and icy glacier, high cliff and windswept void.
Here lies the Red Court of the Fomorians, part of the mythic
origin of the mountain range. In the Nine Last Battles, when.

OU;
We4inn ~

254

Dreams and Nightmares

the fomorians were finally defeated, the force of the blow that
struck them down was such that the firmament of the Dream
splintered and warped — thus were the Splinterpeaks made,
through the rupture and upthrust of the Dreaming. Because the
Arcadians did not possess the ability to kill the fomorians, they
instead chained the Red Court to the starkest peaks of the new
mountains. The fomoriansare there still, and the sound of their
fury is as thunder.

Old QDagic From Before Time

As the firmament and circular spine of the Dreaming, the
Splintered Stone Realm is a refuge for all chimerical creatures
and mythic entities so fantastic that they must flee far from the
banal Earth. In the valleys and lowland slopes, the trolls have
built their cities and walled fortresses; on the high crags, the
Great Dragons and gryphons nest. Elsewhere still, in the
abandoned places, the giants and hermits cleave to their
isolated holdings, while on Chakravada itself, the metallic
spirits of the Alchymical Court dance their eternal dance of
alloyance and transmutation.

The Splinterpeaks are, however, as much about air as
stone. Birds are everywhere, with representatives of all surviy-
ing mythic species gathering on Chakravada for the Feathered
Parliament of the King of Birds. Above even the dragons, the
myriad creatures of the Wind Court have their complicated
arguments and play their invisible games, and there are even
stranger chimera to be met in the atmospheric reaches, be-
tween the highest peaks and the lower stars.

The Alchymical Courc

Elusive noble families of the nature spirits, each of these
entities takes its body from alchemically pure substances: gold,
silver, other metals and basic matter. The exquisitely arcane
politics between these families apparently mirrors the essential
chemical processes that slowly transform the Splinterpeaks,
repairing the cataclysmic damage caused in the Last Battles.
Even if the Earth has suffered wounds past repair, the Dreaming
contains within itself its own processes for healing the cata-
strophic damage of long ago.

At one time, one of these families took its husks from cold
iron, but, needless to say, they are no longer overtly extant. The

The Scone CDen (Glomes)

Rocky beings akin to the oldest of the giants, the
Stone Men pursue existences of solitude and intensely
slow interaction with others of their kind. Their long
life spans (Glome husks endure for millennia; a handful

of Glomes claim to remember the birth of the oceans)
make extended communication or friendship with
more ephemeral beings difficult, and some Glome
conversations take centuries to get past the pleasant-
ries. What does acentury or two of silence really matter
to a being who can remember dinosaurs?


—-

fe

Parosemes

Parosemes are extremely rarefied creatures, trick-
sters who take especial delight in the spoken word. Of
all chimera, they are the best liars known, rivaling the
eshu for sheer ability to tell stories that may or may not
be true. Many Parosemes manifest in human form in
order to confuse, play tricks, and spin riddle-webs
among the "heavy people" of changeling society, and
they are particularly dangerous when they pretend to be
"wise old" philosophers.

With the most delicate tastes and metabolisms of
any known chimerical race, the Parosemes can always
be identified by their extreme horror of "heaviness" (by
which they mean anything that requires concentra-
tion, solid purpose or passionate feeling) and Banality.

loss has made the remaining families sleepy and the alloyances
between individual Alchymites impermanent and somehow des-
perate. It has become difficult for the metals to concentrate, and
most now can manage little more than faltering conversation.

The Wind Courc (The Sitar)

After the Shattering, all too many of the Stormdancers
who remained on Earth soon went mad. The majority of these
beings have since found their way back to the Dreaming, but
the results have still been disastrous for the Wind Court.
Always given to a certain vagary, with attention spans that
could be described as limited at best, the silfar have since
allowed their society to dissolve. Meanwhile, as the Earth's
atmosphere continues to collapse into an anarchy of delin-
quent smokes, malicious clouds of ash and untrustworthy hazes,
the situation only grows worse. Denied the sight of starlight by
the magical Wall Across the Sky, the minds of the air become
increasingly poisoned and malicious.

Now, only a few silfar remember the old grandeur and
purity of thought for which they were once famous among their
faerie cousins, and the old courtliness and celestial etiquette
have almost been forgotten. Of the ones who remember the
stars, the most important are probably the Knights of the Shape
of Air, the last of the chivalric orders of the atmosphere.
Reduced in numbers to a motley assortment of winds, clouds
and perfumes, the Order of the Shape roams the Dreaming as
solitary individuals or in small bands, seeking justice and the
reform of the upper atmosphere.

While they have grown shabby since the Shattering, these
silfar knights are still unearthly graceful, deathly quick and
fragile in their beauty, and they resemble delicate watercolor
paintings — when they deign to put on visible bodies at all, that
is. The armorial insignia of the Order is invisible to heavier
eyes, being a representation of the "shape of air" itself.

ao
SD.

S
Res
<é

Red Winzer Approaching

Bound into the still-steaming rock of the then newly splin-
tered Mountains, the Red Court of the Fomorians have never yet
managed to escape. Instead, they bide their time, summoning
Great Dragons and other creatures of the Elder Dream to their
places of imprisonment to share counsel and secret wisdom.
Perhaps they still plot against the Arcadians who jailed them in the
rock. Perhaps they have already had their revenge, and now need
only sit and scream their laughter from their stark prisons.

As yet, time and Banality have had only the most superfi-
cial effects within the Splinterpeaks. This deep in the Dream-
ing, Winter is only a vague rumor — almost a ghost story — but
still, the most sensitive of the great, magical creatures of the
peaks can feel the first signs of Winter coming. For these rarest
and most fragile of chimera, even the slopes of Mount
Chakravada have begun to feel unpleasant and dull.

This development alarms the sidhe sorcerers, who worry
that if the force of Glamour is decaying even in the Splinterpeaks,
the bonds keeping the Red Fomorians imprisoned will weaken
accordingly. When and if that occurs and the Red Court walks
the Dreaming again, the faerie dream may well be doomed.
Already, the old dragons and other behemoths are gathering
and watching, waiting for their old allies to break free and lead
the way into a new Red Dream of Fire.

Echoes of Lost Arcadia

Deep in the Dreaming, poised between the Far Dreaming
and the Deepest Countries beyond, there are dominions that
tell stories shaped in the likeness of human hearts. Stronger and
more intimate than the more universal realms of the Dreaming,
these "Heart's Realms" have gathered many of the fugitive
pieces of the Arcadian Dream to themselves and are now often
confused with Arcadia itself by hopeful travelers. Bitterly, this
is too cheerful a conclusion to be true.

While each "Echo Arcadia" reflects some or all of the outer
forms of Arcadia to some extent, the facsimile is never perfect.
There is always some sort of transposition or absence, like the
variation between a real person and a photograph. Something
is always lost — no matter how much some Kithain would like
for these realms to be the perfect mirror image of Arcadia, the
Echoes are, at best, melancholy reminders of the perfect world
that has been locked away.

The inhabitants of these realms should not be blamed for
this confusion. Both chimerical and truly fae denizens of the
Echoes are often just as convinced as newcomers that they have
found Arcadia. Comparatively few of them use the universal
sorrow for the vanished realm as a snare to extort Glamour or
services from travelers; instead, the locals are almost always
more eager to believe in the Echo than the tourists.

A truly seasoned trodwalker can tell that the Heart's Realms
are not Arcadia, because each is vastly different from every other.
While each echoes Arcadia to the same extent as all the others,
each does so in a different register and a different key. The trick,
according to the old lore, is to find the one that incorporates all the

Chapcer Four: Realms of Incerest


joysand terrors ofeach of the Heart'sRealms into itself, containing
elements drawn from all possible stories: That is the true Arcadia,
the Story built of all possible stories.

Moreover, the Heart's Realms were meant to interact with
one another as dreamers do, sharing strength and perspective.
Now, with the sealing of Arcadia, each is trapped in unhealthy
isolation from the others, and the realms themselves are with-
ering away, according to their own unique nature: Ariké, for
example, has retreated into a drowned existence of mirrors and
sleep, while the ancient fighting-plains of Kureksarra drown
their loneliness in empty civil war and bloodshed. Each is
cursed in its own way; each calls out for heroes who can perform
the deeds necessary to restore the Story and repair the realms.

Kureksarra: The Red Plains

Dominion of war without end, Kureksarra is the homeland
of dreams of struggle, competition, victory and revenge. A vast
plain dotted with the ruins of fortified installations, Kureksarra
was once a green realm of gentle landscapes and placid manor
houses. Now, all that endures is a land so littered with bones
and broken weapons that the ground refuses to give birth to
anything living. Only the withered old oak trees remain,
dripping blood like red sap when it tains. The trods leading in
and out of Kureksarra are paths of blades and rivers of razors; the

76 Dreams and Nighcmares

es Ata
RX)

once-elegant Twin Capitals of the realm are broken ruins filled
with bones and the smell of blood in the dust.

Above all realms, the Red Plains bear witness to the futility
and addictive quality of violence — the civil war fought by the
chimera and mad changelings of the realm will not stop until all
are dead, and even the prize for which they fight is only the ability
to cause greater destruction. They say the land needsa liege before
it can be healed, but the truth of the Dreaming is that the land
suffers far more at the hands of the competing candidates for the
throne than it does from the mere emptiness of the throne itself.
Better no ruler at all than the wars of Kureksarra.

The Red King of the Fomorians, humiliated and then
defeated here in the Nine Battles that ended the War of the
Trees, laid this curse upon Kureksarra. Having had his arsenal
stolen from him by the trickster beasts Mux and Quox, the Red
King had but one weapon left, a present from his fomorian
grandmother, the Green Witch. It was the Triumph Casque of
Sorrows, a weapon against which there was said to be no
defense, and which could not be stolen from him because it
occupied the cavity in his body ordinarily occupied by a heart.

The Red King's hatred for the Arcadians was such that,
rather than open the Casque and slay them all quickly, he broke
its key into nine pieces, one for each battle he had fought.
Then, he ripped the casque from his chest and died, scattering
the pieces of the key into the camp of his enemies.


When the Arcadian army departed to plan the campaign
against the Green Court, some chimera and fae remained
behind to recover the pieces of the key to the Casque. Their
intent was to reassemble the key, and then destroy the Casque
orseal it away in the Arcadian armory, but they soon found that
noone could trust the others enough to rejoin the pieces of the
keyas they were found. How would possession of such a weapon
corrupt its custodian? Would whoever ended up holding the
key be able to withstand the temptation to sample the Casque's
power, either using the weapon itself for selfish (or unselfish)
purposes, or else simply using the threat of opening the Casque
to manipulate everyone around them?

Almost before the chains had been forged that would bind
the Green Fomorians, the army at Kureksarra had disintegrated
into chaos. Informal alliances formed between holders of key
fragments and other interested parties, always dissolving again
as jealousy, ambition and paranoia drove the allies apart. In
time, many of the great warriors of the Dreaming heard of the
unending conflict and found their way to the Red Fields, in
hope of proving themselves against the gathering combatants.

For long periods of time, the nature of the Casque, the
broken key and the conflict itself appear to be forgotten by
everyone concerned, and then the war lulls slightly to become
a somewhat destructive tournament of sorts. Other, spurious
explanations arise to justify the carnage: The winner of the
"tournament" will be crowned King of Kureksarra or Queen of
the Gwydion sidhe, or will heal the land and reveal it to be an
ensorcelled version of Arcadia. However, at the end, the
poisonous truth of the fomorian curse always reasserts itself and
the state of the Kureksarran dream returns to its normal level
of chaotic violence.

After so much killing, betrayal and sheer waste of energy,
itis questionable whether there can ever be a winner in this war
— or even whether it can ever end.

The Five Greac Beasts and Others

Atpresent, five major alliances of warriors are active in the
Red Fields; collectively, the leaders of these alliances are
known as the Five Great Beasts of the Dreaming, and all are
distinguished for tactical skill, ruthlessness and cunning. They
fight one another in an eternally shifting pattern of truces,
feints and vendettas, and sally forth from their nearly ruined
fortifications to take one another's key fragments or defend
against attacks from rivals or would-be claimants. The names
of the Five are legend throughout the Dreaming, or were before
they were caught up in the madness of the Red Fields: Tamur
the Unexpected, Sir Bolsan of the Dove, Harroth the Mute,
Lady Allesande the Fair and Kosa the Bull.

Meanwhile, the constant bloodshed has lured other beasts
of war and scavenging nightmares to Kureksarra from all over
the Dreaming. Dream-lions, manticores, muggerlies and saps
all prowl the killing fields to feast on the wounded and the dead.
Dream clowns, moribirds and valkyrien squabble over espe-
cially valiant fallen warriors, while a flight of minor dragons
circles the entire battleground, bringing the threat of death

from the skies.

Taking advantage of the kinstrife, a few of the White
Fomorians who had managed to free themselves from their
bondage descended upon the old killing field of Kureksarra,
accompanied by a small army of minor nightmares and Thallain
and armed with a large arsenal of the old fomorian weapons.
Rather than attacking their enemies directly, however, as in
the old age of the world, they are simply camped and watch the
ongoing struggle without joining it.

According to rumor, certain factions of the kinstrife have
even approached the fomorian force about establishing a tempo-
rary alliance against the other claimants. Whatever concessions
the Great Beasts might offer the fomorians in return for such an
alliance would quite probably doom the sidhe Dream, oratthe very
least be tragic in scope (a concept that the White probably find
amusing in their way). On the other hand, the terrible weapons of
the fomorians (poisonous gases, deformation machines and other
devices designed primarily to mutilate quickly and kill as an
afterthought) would certainly tip the scale and end the wars of
Kureksarra once and for all. Even if none of the Beasts were
tempted by the notion, they would certainly wish to stop their
rivals from allying with the fomorians, or even to ally with the
enemy before any of the other claimants could do so first.

Rudezhal: The Cup of Vine

Hidden just under the surface of the Dreaming, in tunnelsand
caverns and enchanted hollows beneath the hills, the dominion of
Rubezhal is nearly a world in itself. The faeries built many of their
most ornate realms here among the roots of the Dream and the
mountains, realms woven with gems and precious metalsand lit by
cleverly wrought interior suns and moons.

Everything in Rubezhal that wants to be beautiful is
beautiful in its way, from the ruby gardens of the royal Kuberas
to the fragile jet towers of the charnel city of Doonesh-Katarrh.
Whatever does not want to be beautiful is likewise free to run
the limits of the grotesque.

If the riches of Rubezhal cannot be counted, neither can the
pleasures of the undercountry. Under the green light of the interior
moons, the Kuberas perform revels which the Earthbound can

The Triumph Casque
of Sorrows

Encased in lead since the earliest times, this
legendary treasure has never been used in the memory
of any living creature, chimera or fae. According to
the White Fomorians, the Triumph Casque is a
"weapon against which defense is impossible," en-
abling whoever possesses it to eradicate anyone and
anything without fear of reprisal or failure. It is
believed that the Casque operates through principles
common to both fire and poison, eradicating what-
ever it is opened to destroy in a singularly painful
fashion.

oS
%
Ee,
yy
VX


Zz

barely remember or dream of, banquets of impossible complexity
amid surroundings of obscene luxury. Aswith all things faerie, this
luxury is the joy and the doom of Rubezhal, for even pleasure isnot
acomfort in itself Numbed by the timeless round of couplings and
other masquerades, the Rubezhali grow sleepy and drawn. Above,
hung in the bate rock, the moons shine on, disquieting in the
unchangingness of their phases.

Legendary Framework

In the earliest days, before the fomorians and Arcadia, the
Undercountry lay rich with treasure. The oldest children of the
Dreaming lived here, and it was their magic alone that hol-
lowed out the great caverns where they built their inner cities,
secret under their cloak of stone.

After the Mwa instigated the Arcadian uprising against the
Fomorian Courts, they opened the vaults of Rubezhal to the faeries
to provide them with weapons of great subtlety. Among these
items, the most famous ones include the Cup of Vine, which
caused roots and vines to entangle the fomorian armies, first
wrapping around their feet, then their legs, and finally their necks,
strangling them. Others, such as the Locket of Fiona and the
Combs of Shahrani, bewitched the fomorians, snaring them in
their own foul lusts or turning them into stone. Some traces of
those bewitched armies remain even today in the less-traveled
caverns, imprisoned in those unwholesome places like Doonesh-
Katarth and Oogesh, where sensible people do not go.

After the fomorians were banished and Arcadia was founded,
the hidden palaces of the Undercountry returned to their old
round of revels. Eventually, only a few of the old Fiona remained
in the gem gardens and copper-roofed spires, with most of the
remainder of the realm falling under the rule of the Kuberas. The
Kuberas were one of those peoples of the Dreaming who hadallied
with the sidhe during the Fomorian Wars. However, like many of
the allies, they had never concemed themselves too intently with
Arcadia, and instead preferred to dwell in their own earthly and
Dream dominions of ease and increase.

So it was that the Undercountry lapsed into a dormant,
wintry state during the Golden Age of Arcadia and lost itself in
its own idle games of pleasure. The towers and feasting-halls
still blazed with their deep green balefires, shining like smol-
dering emeralds upon the remaining connoisseurs.

Capecia: The Clockwork Sky

The Glamour of Capecia is about the victory of artifice
over nature. Here, in the City of Clocks, enslaved changelings

and their human allies have created a realm ruled by tin toys
and automata, puppets and paper dolls. The skills of the
craftsmen have conquered time by building not in flesh, but in
s: bronze and plastic, wire and leather,
heartwood and rubber. Everything in this bustling city is not
only artificial but automated; it isa world where meat change-
lings drift like bewildered ghosts. The mannequins fill the
moving sidewalks, and hurry along on their stiff-jointed legs, as
they dance their dance that never ends. Above, the puppet

more durable materi

people stare with their glass eyes through office windows, while


others chatter on about whatever comes into their newspaper-
stuffed heads. The tin dog chases the tin cat, which chases the
tin mouse, endlessly.

Capecia is the Glamour Machine and the Machinery of
Glamour, the great neon Factory whence the living dolls come
as they struggle to become (or simply replace) flesh. From its
earliest origins as the holding of a family of orphan toys,
Capecia has grown into a thriving — if unnerving — metropo-
lis, the center of the Inanimate Empire.

Naturally (unnaturally), there are some who claim that
the Inanimae have gone mad. The living dolls are clearly
engaged in some sort of war with one another, fighting merci-
lessly over obscure doctrines that they reassure flesh-and-blood
observers from other realms, "You meat would not under-
stand."

The Clockwork Cicy Uncechered oy
Gravicy Even

Whatever natural terrain was once dominant in Capecia
has long since been vacuumed, painted over, paved, and
otherwise effaced by the burgeoning automaton population. In
its place, the realm is now filled with metal, concrete, the
foursquare, and the geometric figure of the squared circle.

The realm itself is dreamed in the shape of a gigantic city
that floats unsupported in the upper sky, like a ship in an
invisible sea. Various "suburbs" are connected to the city by
means of rigid corridors and walkways, some of which are
motorized to simulate the movement of the stars in the sky. Of
course, in Capecia itself, the true sky is not visible; instead, a
canopy of pale blue paper has been stapled over the city to keep
out the rain and weather.

Within Capecia, districts filled with narrow, twisting
alleyways alternate with wide boulevards and straight-angled
arcologies. In the current internecine struggle, various of these
districts have been claimed by different factions and bear
evocative names like "The Rotwang Corridor,"
"Hoffmannstrafe" and "ix-sub figura B." Although the Inanimae
take care to mark several of these "active districts" with flags
and colorful ideographic banners, the marking system is still
confusing to most flesh creatures and subject to last-minute
change. Caution is advised if the traveler wishes to avoid
becoming a statistic of terrorist attack.

Faccions in the CDaking War

In theory, the most important denizens of Capecia are the
Dreamers who have been captured by the inanimic raiding parties
to ensure a fresh supply of new chimerical bodies ("husks") for
automated "children." These hapless prisoners are actually treated
comparatively well by most of the inanimic factions, although the
strict routine is harmful to most captured changelings— uniforms
and long hours with few rest periods and little reward quickly
causes them death by Banality. With the exception of hard-line
anti-meat groups, most of the inanimate supervisors indulge their
hostages' biological "weaknesses" (the need for food and elimina-
tion, emotional exhaustion) with a fond but uncomprehending


precision. In practice, naturally, the flesh inhabitants of Capecia
are peripheral citizens at best. Even those "lucky" enough to have
gained special status through creativity or efficiency are alienated
from daily Capecian affairs, forced to live and socialize in special
districts and kept on an early curfew "for their own protection."
The true masters of the Clockwork Sky are the various
warring strains of inanimate life that the crafters have made. These
include the mannequins, the puppet people, the rotwangs, the
copelli, the alberti and other esoteric breeds of chimerical doll.

The Colored CDannequins

Rare among chimera, these constructs have prospered and
multiplied on Earth since the Sundering and today make up a
thriving civilization of their own, separate from and unintelli-
gibly alien to changeling society. The mannequins are unpar-
alleled masters of disguise and can easily mask themselves to
look like any humanoid race, age or gender, but their true form
is that of a jointed dummy made from some rigid material that
resembles hard plastic. This plastic comes in at least eleven
known colors, hence the common name for these beings.

The mannequins do not have faces. In their natural state,
their heads are smooth, featureless ovals, which the manne-
quins often adorn with geometrical figures for unknown rea-
sons, perhaps out of vanity or as caste markings. They do not
breathe and donot have voices; when forced to communicate
vocally in disguise, they_use clever tape recordings bartered
from other chimerical races‘to simulate a human voice.

The mannequins have come to enjoy a monopoly over
most of the major department stores throughout the world,
which they rule like fortress city-states. Members of other
chimerical races who choose to live in a department store are
allowed to coexist peacefully, but the mannequins demand at
least token tribute from all within their realm and also demand
to be kept informed about any goings-on within the store.

Within their domains, the mannequins apparently per-
form rigidly choreographed ritual magic and art (their favored
form seems to be an eerily slow communal dance that takes days
or months to complete, moving from set tableau to tableau).

Engine Poison
This substance can be found in the wild in the form
of small, milky quartz crystals at the roots of oak trees.
Many older changelings store their Engine Poison in old
pill bottles. When applied to any engine or motor-
driven device, these crystals will render it completely
inert and malfunctional. The possibilities for pranks are
endless; favorite manners of application include pour-
ing Engine Poison down a fuel intake and imbedding it
in automobile wheel rims. The foobar are rumored to be
working on a special powdered form of Engine Poison
that they can use to coat removable disks, which would
then apply it into the internal works of computers.

\ Dreams and Nightmares

KRESS

"Wea

Otherwise, the various department stores are engaged in an

eternal war of assassination and sabotage with all rival factions.

There are hints in faerie lore of entities called "Dressmak-
ers" which rule over the mannequins in some unspecified
capacity. Perhaps it is an honorific title or office bestowed on.
mannequin leaders; perhaps it indicates a second species of
chimera. The most disturbing hypothesis, however, is also the
one that textual evidence seems to support best: The "Dress-
makers" who rule the mannequins may not even be sentient
beings atall, but simple inanimate objects that the mannequins
have "liberated" from human manufacturers and now venerate
as mute and uncaring gods.

The Clockwork Courc

Composed of representatives from all the countless types |
of machinery with complex moving parts, this court is domi- |
nated by robots and intricate robotic toys. There is a split
within this court between older clockworks (who tend to be
bulky automata made from actual clockwork between 1600 and
1900) and the younger robots (who tend to be made with much
more sophisticated technology in this century) that mirrors the
larger split within the inanimate world between Craft and
Factory. However, many prominent clockworks are very active
within the Factory, and, in fact, it was a cabal of clockwork
engineers who built and still maintain the infamous People
Factories. The robots, for their part, tend to have been built
wholly within Factory environments, and so do not fully
comprehend what their elders mean when they talk about
"soul" or "Dreamers," although a few famous individuals have
found Craft along the way.

Many members of both courts of the Automata do not
have humaniform bodies, nor do they feel the need for same.
Ones who do possess human forms are generally stronger and
more resistant to damage than human beings, although many
are made vulnerable by extremely fragile internal workings.
Despite appearances to the contrary, even robots cannot be
constructed to be identical to other clockworks — every
member of this faerie court begins as a unique entity, even
though more radical Factory adherents try to erase this unique-
ness (by "removing their faces") in the name of the movement.
Many incorporate human parts or likenesses for additional
Glamour and longevity. Such gestures can be as simple as
taking on the likeness of the crafter's dead child or as sinister
as using dead humans as host-bodies for computerized brains.

The €apeks are the hard-line ideological core of the
Factory Movement, the inanimic faction that engineered such
"advances" as the mass-produced mannequins and the Junk
Gardens. The éapeks are also the prime movers behind the
Makers War against the Sylvan Empire. From their industrial
fortresses, these robots and old clockworks marshal the forces
of artifice to pour millions of sidewalkers onto the grass and
enslave whole councils of metals and stone.

Refined and aristocratic, the copelli tend to have training
in antique pursuits such as chess (there is an entire circle of
copelli known as the chess-players) or harpsichord playing, but


—-s

many are also capable magicians as well — the first cabal who
formed the Factory were copelli, although the rising numbers
of the ¢apeks have since begun to force their creators, the
copelli, from positions of power. "Traditionalist," or crafter,
copelli, which compose the majority, have always been mor-
tally ashamed of this betrayal, and many work from their own
places of power against the "renegade philosophy."

Between copelli and robots are the rotwangs. The rotwangs
area loose society of copelli (and a few rogue robots) who eschew
the politics of Craft versus Factory in order to pursue solitary
existences of contemplation, experimentation and self-discovery.
Many are fiercely romantic entities, obsessed with the differences
between inanimate and mortal, soulless and ensouled, toa degree
that only the ondines (among all the inanimate) can appreciate.
Some among the rotwangs yearn to pass among the meat people as
one of the crowd, living a meat life as well as they are able. Others,
more sinister, experiment on human beings and meat changelings
in order to discover just what it is about meat that produces the
"soul," and how it can be acquired.

Last, and rarest, are the alberti. Extremely idiosyncratic
creations of the antique Greeks, Romans and earlier civiliza-
tions, they are the true masters of the automata, being the first
and most Glamourous of their kind. Bronze heads that speak,
prophetic moving statues, huge temple juggernauts — the
alberti are few in number these days, but the ones who remain.
are powerful, even though many have gone quite mad. It is said
among lesser toys that the alberti play strange games among one
another, in which such events as the Making War and the
Factory Movement are only passing tactics.

Quickmadness and Dumdmadness

As the Making War continues to grow more desperate and
the quality of artificial bodies grows poorer, the entire realm of
Capecia undergoes increasingly severe spasms — power fail-
ures, resource crises or destruction of irreplaceable machinery.
Increasing numbers of the Inanimae suffer from the declining
condition of their husks, which either wear down and can no
longer be repaired or else are mass-produced with such poor
quality that they must be changed almost constantly. The
former condition results in a gradual but inexorable slowing of
inanimate consciousness and activity: Dumbmadness. The
latter causes irrational elation and shortened attention span:
Quickmadness.

In recent years, the great floating city has lurched and
drooped ominously closer to the ground, and at current rates of
decay, it will fall to earth sometime soon.

Irrgarcen: The Ladyrinchine Knoc
"Q: How far can you follow the Knot before you come out the
other side?"
"A: Forever!"
—Ridale of the Cat's Cradle

Where the winding trods cross and come together, there
you find the Irrgarten. This realm is the source and center of
dreams of wandering along tangled, branching paths— whether

Xl


those paths are the corridors of a stony labyrinth, the threads of
acat's cradle or the overgrown trails of the forest bramble, they
are all faces of the Irrgarten. All who come here intentionally
to seek trodcraft or other wisdom must face the possibility that
they may never find their way out again. Individuals unlucky
enough to find their way here accidentally are doomed, unless
they have both luck and wit on their side.

The Irrgarten itself is a vast, apparently circular maze
formed by narrow pathways between tall, dense hedges. These
hedge walls, or "Brambles," have grown wild throughout most
of the maze, becoming thorny canopies overhead or even
blocking off pathways entirely. A number of Dreamers have
commented on the fact that, while the hedges are uniformly

The pathways and occasional clearings between the walls are
covered only with a fine, white dust — more than barren, this
dust is actively poisonous to plants and other living things.

Each of the corridors of the Irrgarten maze is a trod that
weaves into the dominion from elsewhere and weaves back out
again. Up and down the corridors, Dreamers and lost chimeri-
cal'creatures wander, searching for the Eye of the Dance, the

Aegendary chamber at the center of the labyrinth where all the
secrets of the Dream are kept safe. It is said that within the Eye
are unique books, written in the easily forgotten language of
Deep Dreams, that contain the keys to Arcadia. It is also said
that at the center of this chamber is a bottomless, circular well,
the waters of which grant the Siochain their immortality and
all others bliss and freedom from Banality. If anyone has found
the Eye of the Dance, no one has admitted it in public. More
likely, the tangled trods of the Irrgarten have been knotted
together by the Shattering to form an impassable knot that
never goes anywhere but neyer ends,

Escapes From the Ladyrinch

The weaving corridors of the maze can take a traveler to
any point within the Dreaming short of Arcadia itself, if she is
willing to take the time and effort to explore (or fortunate
enough to have a good teacher).

On the other hand, according to dream lore, ifa travelercould
somehow find her way outside the labyrinth without weaving into
another realm, she would face a limitless white desert, blasted and
featureless. Perhaps it is lucky that no one who has come to the
Irrgarten has managed to find (ormake) such an exit. All who have
tried have found only endless branching corridors and have gone
mad with frustration, have given up orare searching still. Since the
Irrgarten Brambles themselves appear to grow quickly in the white
dust, it is quite possible that the labyrinth itself is spreading to fill
the outer desert.

Icis possible to cut, climb or burn the Brambles in order to
"cheat" or take short cuts through the maze. This approach is
perfectly acceptable to the Irrgarten, and even the obscenely
fast-growing hedges need time to erase the signs of the destruc-
tion wrought by generations of lost and desperate Dreamers.
The realm is pitted with deep scars, burned patches and jagged
"tunnels" through the Brambles. Most of these modifications

green and luxuriant, nothing else can grow in the Irrgarten. &

seem to make the Irrgarten more confusing and difficult to
navigate.

Legendary Framework

The Hearthland of the Eiluned, Irrgarten is one of the
great enigmas of the faerie world, and one of the places where
only faeries can see the truth. Essentially, the Irrgarten is the
writhing coils of the World Serpent, the convoluted pathways
at the belly of the beast, the knotted heart of the world that lies
at the center and crossroads of all the trods.

Itis the Labyrinth, butit isnotaplace of evil or madness. From
the changeling perspective, it is not a fallen part of the world.

‘The Caz in che Cradle

A curious and little-seen entity, the Cat in the
Cradle is the capricious overlord of the Irrgarten and
its knotted trods. Some describe him as an

unenchanted and strictly normal human, who hap-
pens to be the best poet of his generation, a royal
lineage of the spirit passed on from Cat to Cat.
Others, less charitable (or less fond of cats), consider
him a demon or other nightmare creature.

Rather, the knotwork and interwoven geometry here represents
the weavework of Dan itself: the eye of the knitting needle of fate.
This is the Cat's Cradle. As the place-that-is-the-convergence-
of-trods, the Irrgarten is best described by the trod formations that
most effectively lead to it: Hopscotch. The Labyrinth of Daedalus.
The Hedge Maze (and its spontaneously generated ghost-cousins,
the Crop Circles). At the center of the Irrgarten lies a bottomless
well, from which anything, external or interior, may be drawn up
into the Labyrinth.

While the various sorcerers, trodcrafters and wayfarers who
occasionally pass through the Irrgarten are certainly renowned in
their own circles, they are also transitory denizens of the realm at
best. Visitors who remain often go mad after a time, joining one
of the various apocalyptic cults that have formed among the
labyrinth wanderers. Others simply walk until they waste away.

The CotFen CDdasque

Anenigma of the Irrgarten: What are snow-white
wolves doing in a labyrinth? The wolves occasionally
run through the maze orsit staring at visitors with sadly
communicative eyes, but they neither speak nor inter-
act with other chimera in any meaningful way.

The Cat in the Cradle claims to know what the
wolves signify, but he does not tell. He says only that
they are dead, which has caused the Wolfen Masque to
become something of an ill omen among trodwalkers.


According to the mythologies of these labyrinth cults, there was,
at one time, a minotaur near the secret room at the center of the
maze. If so, it is clearly a creature to be feared, as most of the
wanderers appear to be terrified of encountering it and flee at the
slightest sign that it is near.

Ariké: The Empire of Regrec

Whatever you have lost is here. The friends and lovers you
will not see again, the roads you will never walk, the moments
you would pay much to live again — all are here. This is Ariké,
where dreams of what was and what could have been are born.

Once the most heartbreakingly beautiful of all the Deep
Countries, Ariké has lapsed into a damp and sullen malaise. It
rains constantly here, a cold, incessant drizzle that drowns the
evergreen forests and swells the rivers to overflowing. The
fields have long since been washed away in the rain, but there
are few chimera remaining to care. All who still dwell in Ariké
are primarily creatures of sorrow and memory or outland
interlopers come to loot the ageless treasures of the realm. All
others have fallen into a troubled and dreamless sleep, a dream
of forgotten dreams.

Above the drowning land, locked ina spiral tower without
windows, the twin heirs to the realm wander as prisoners.
According to old legends and new gossip, they were once true
fae who were captured and jailed in Ariké for their own
protection, to keep them safe from the agonies of time and
Banality. Now, the Dreaming might crumble and die, but the
twins will live on, safe and sad forever.

It is said by Kithain who should know better that Ariké is
the hidden secret of all that has gone wrong with the faerie
World of Wonders to turn it into a World of Darkness. At some
point now lost, the Dreaming and the Earth went astray, and
the heart of Ariké was broken. The beautiful world weeps and
locks itself away from the painful future; the rightful rulers are
bewitched by their guardians and kept in isolation from their
realm. The land is laid waste and all suffer.

The Glass Highnesses

Reshiam and Erikelle are their names, and their hearts
have been removed for safekeeping by the oldest and most
trustworthy henchman of their father, the king. They are
among the most beautiful things of the Dreaming, pale and
soulful, with the haunted look of fine porcelain dolls.

Perhaps they were once sidhe of Arcadia; they do not
remember anything but their imprisonment in the Nautilus
Tower. They are chimerical creatures now, fully caught in the
Dream. Having lost their hearts, their bodies have transformed
into fragile glass, and were they ever to laugh, it would sound
like celestes or other glassy bells.

They are further bewitched in their imprisonment. Magic
has taken the ability to speak from Reshiam; unless the curse is
broken, he will never speak with his own voice again. Erikelle
cannot touch food without growing deathly ill. The thought of
food saddens her, but no matter how hungry she grows, she
must subsist on clear juices and peanuts. Because their glass

RRR RIC

selves are so fragile, both are forbidden to engage in strenuous
exercise or even walk more than a few steps — the Tower's staff
is afraid that one or both of the heirs to the throne will fall and
shatter, dooming Ariké to an even bleaker state of affairs.

Once, early in the highnesses' imprisonment, many heroes
came to the Tower to rescue them and their realm. All failed,
and now the dead time between heroes stretches almost un-
bearably. To ease the boredom, both Reshiam and Erikelle
spend their days staring into mirrors and pretending that they
are, in fact, gazing through windows at the world outside their
tower,

According to some gossip, they would dearly love to be true
fae again; according to others, they were never fae in the first
place, but would like to be, if only they had the strength and
opportunity to try. In either case, the cure for their condition
is the old one: true love, overcoming all obstacles.

The CDinor Colonel

Until such time as the curse on the twins is broken, the
Minor Colonel serves as regent of Ariké. He is the real power
of the realm, with the ability to control its watery magic and
marshal what demoralized troops still remain loyal. The Five
Tame Birds of Ariké patrol the borders of the realm for danger-
ous intruders, although not without reservations. The Ram-
shackle Battalion and the secret agents of the Brain Trust scour
the sodden houses and schools to enforce obedience, interro-
gating any who appear disloyal to the Colonel's policies.

None of which should come as any surprise, because it was
the Colonel who bewitched the twins and stole their hearts in
the first place. He claims (with typically chimerical logic) that
he acted only in their best interest, to keep them safe from the
dangers and heartache of the world outside the Dreaming. He
says he is only trying to protect the children for his friend, the
late king, their father.

The Minor Colonel is a chimerical personage made out of
newsprint and corrugated cardstock in the shape of a large,
strong man. To combat drafts and molder, he wears a suit of
armor at all times. He is quite proud of his elaborate mustaches,
has forgotten his name (if ever he had one) and should probably
be considered quite mad.

The Naucilus Tower

Spiralling gracefully out of a hill at the center of the realm,
the Tower has no doors or windows, save for an aperture at the
very tip, many hundreds of feet above the ground. What little
necessary communication the Colonel allows is done by the
Tame Birds and the Colonel's own allies, the Bee-Folk, who.
bring supplies in through the aperture and carry the Colonel's
edicts back out.

Within the smooth halls and empty ballrooms of the
Tower, melancholy Dreamers wander and brood, or else huddle
in the corners and weep for the past. Otherwise, the Tower
sleeps, stirring only for the passage of the prince or princess, as
they constantly search for escape. The musical instruments and
telephones are silent; the only sound is rain falling.

Chapcer Four: Realms of Incerese

Se)

Because the idiosyncratic structure of the Tower causes it
to leak in the constant rain, the Colonel must keep moving his
court to higher and higher levels as the lower floors flood. In an
unending effort to prevent the water from rising, his servants
have taken to walling up unused rooms and nailing doors shut.
Hundreds of rooms, including an important percentage of the
legendary Archive of the Tower, have been sealed behind thick
layers of wax and tar. Other rooms become haphazard reposito-
ties for the magical standards and insignia of the realm, which
are buried in piles of trash and abandoned in the rising water.
It is said that the Colonel is particularly careful to leave the
records of the old king to the waters, perhaps because the
memory of his friend saddens him beyond bearing.

The wise say that the Nautilus Tower is the horn of the
father of all unicorns, who lies buried under the realm. Ariké,
according to legends, was built on his back, but one day he will
rise to reassert his power. When that happens, perhaps the land
will be destroyed, or healed, or both.

Snail Graveyards

There are six known sites in the Dreaming to which
the snails travel when they realize that they are dying.
Because the way is difficult and dying snails travel slowly,
most never make it to the graveyards and die somewhere
along the way. In fact, one of the easiest ways for change-
lings to find the way to the nearest Snail Graveyard is to
follow the fragmentary trail of snail shells underfoot. As
one walks, the shells grow gradually thicker on the ground,
and eventually one is ina Snail Graveyard. The oldest and
strongest snails go to Ariké to die.

The Snail Graveyards are uniformly rainy, misty
places with cool, vaguely fishy atmospheres, like those of
mountain lakes, and they are carpeted with the small
crunching shells of snails. They are ritual centers for many
of the most secret branches of sea magic, especially ones
that deal with deep healing, the tides and the Orchid
Legacy. It is said that there are many mysteries to be found
in the Snail Graveyards, and many old changelings send
their protégés on quests to one or another of these sites to

retrieve an item or to take the auspices there for use in
divination. One legendary secret of the snails is the
location and use of the Sangraal Armor, which comes
under their magical jurisdiction. Another is the breaking
of the curse on the Nautilus Tower and the freeing of the
Prince and Princess of Ariké.

Each of the graveyards is guarded by one of the
brothers called the Boys with Nautilus Hearts. These
entities are beautiful adolescent males, pale in coloring,
with sad eyes. Each is crippled in some way: one is blind,
another is asthmatic, a third is lame, and so on. All
share communion with snails and other shelled crea-
tures and are polite but inscrutable. They are also expert
in secret ways of waging war in the name of innocence

Dreams and Nightmares

awe
RN

25

The Barbarians

In the introspective chaos of the realm, even the Colonel's
irrational fears have found an outlet. From all over the Dream-
ing, strange and selfish creatures have come to Ariké to feed on
the unguarded and forgotten treasures of the realm. Creeping
through the pine bushes that formerly kept intruders out, these
greedy chimera feast on the rotting crops and rifle through the
abandoned cottages. Those few decent folk who remain have
grown wary and do not speak openly to outsiders, fearing that
they are either barbarian looters or (worse) agents of the
Colonel and his secret police.

As the land is bled white by the interlopers, the story of
Ariké loses its splendor, despite being (if anything) truer than
it ever was in the Golden Age of the Dreaming. As the gap
between the old World of Wonders and the new World of
Darkness continues to widen, Ariké continues to wash away
with the rain, melting like a dream of sugar. Meanwhile, the
hearts of the Dreamers who sustain the realm grow increasingly
numb and glassy. Few dare to hope any longer for the coming
of heroes or true love; the idea seems juvenile, overly idealistic.
And so, the young prince and princess continue to forget the
world they have never seen, and Winter grows closer.

The Sangraal Armor
This set of full plate armor is apparently carved
from a waxy stone like amber, and is, indeed, amber-
colored. It is said to have a sliding faceplate, but no
other facial openings, and to cover every inch of the
body.
Donning the Sangraal Armor is a necessary step

in achieving the Grail, but once it is donned, it can
never be taken off until the Grail is achieved, or all
gains will be lost and the seeker must start again from
the beginning. Opinions vary as to whether the
faceplate must remain shut at all times during the
Grail Quest, or whether it may be opened for short
periods. Beyond this knowledge, silence prevails.

Depzhs of che Dream

Beyond even the vaguely charted waters of the Sea of
Silver, the unfathomable depths of the Deep Dream continue
onward until they reach the most primal secrets of the heart,
the world and the Dreaming. Here, in the First Place, there are
bounded salt oceans and bright tunnels, great walls and pillars
of fire. Sometimes, the depths are stormy; sometimes they are
still.

Whatever you have forgotten is in the depths, as well as
whatever you have not yet seen — echoes of the Kings and

SR

The Heron Women an

These beings were born with Arcadia; they embody its
great mysteries and serve as guardians of the fundamental
seals and geasa of that realm. The history of Arcadia is
littered with incidents of great heroes and sages seeking
out the Heron Women or the Crawfish Men in times of
need, although there are also many stories of the Hidden
Cousins (as they are also known) appearing uninvited to
give advice, make prophecy and, in general, repair the
skein of stories when it has grown tangled.

The Hidden Cousins are divided into eleven Heron
Womenandeleven Crawfish Men, whoserveas their spouses.
It is said that the mysteries guarded by the Women are the
ones that pertain specifically to the Seelie Way, while the
Men are set over Unseeliness. Both groups take the form of
various hybrids of human and heron (or crawfish, as the case
may be), with each individual taking his or her own unique
shape. Some Seelie supremacists say that the Crawfish Men
lust after the graceful Heron Women and that the Herons
disdain the ugliness of their counterparts, but no one truly
wise actually believes such a thing. The Crawfishes and the
Heronsare husband and wife, and the whole of Faerie are their
children; this is indisputable truth.

Many changeling heroes and sages have quested after
one or another of the Hidden Cousins in order to learn his
or her associated mystery. These quests tend to contain a

id che Crawfish Oden

number of ordeals and tests before the seeker arrives at the
hidden pool or lake in which the Hidden Cousin is cur-
rently making his or her home. Kithain who succeed must
shoulder a geas in order to learn the mystery, but the nature
of this geas is secret — to be known, the nature of the
Hidden Cousins must be encountered face to face. At the
end, though, the quester comes away from the water with
knowledge of one of the old magics of Faerie, and can say
that she has seen one of the mysteries.

It is said that, in the old days, the Heron Women and the
Crawfish Men would, of their own volition, come to great seekers
and tutorsuch heroes in the ways of Faerie without charge or Ban.
This practice has not taken place in some time, however.

There are rumors of a single entity set above both the
‘Women and the Men to govern all the mysteries, but most
faeries do not concern themselves with this being. Some
believe that this highest entity is the mother of the woman
crowned with stars and referred to by the human magicians
as Luna, the High Queen of Arcadia. Others believe that
it is the elusive being listed in the Green and Black
Compendia as the Mwa. If so, this being, the Mwa, is the
embodiment of the Sigil of Faerie, the first Gift, for which
the tithe to Hell is due. Still others believe that no such
thing as a Mwa exists — of the handful of changelings who
claim to have met the One, nearly all are known liars.

Queens of Arcadia, Gwydion and Ailill and all the rest, along
with the founding and sealing of Arcadia itself. The explosive
birth of the world is still going on here, as if for the first time,
alongside the premonition of the world's end. Bang and whim-
per, whimper and bang. In the Deep Dreaming, time does not
exist, and so the beginning and the end are always found here
together.

Within the flood of echoes, the eleven crystalline realms of
the Oneiroi whirl and ring, churning the stuff of Dream in their
wake. One of these realms was once known as Arcadia; now, it is
sealed from within, and any who depart from it can never return.
As for the other Oneiric Realms, those of Moros and Hemera,
Aetherand Ker, Hypnates and Dan, Charis and Momus, Diké and
Protea, little is known. Few have ever entered them, and none
have departed in the same fashion they came.

Beyond these so-called "lesser" Oneiric Realms (and
whether they are truly less splendid than Arcadia, none can
say), there are only Night and Silence, bringing the total to 13.
Travelers report a strange phenomenon: Beyond Silence, at
the deepest possible realm of the Dreaming, the world opens up
upon itself and darkness becomes transmuted into wonder.

Here, all worlds are one, but changelings care little for such
things.

Deep if dy Sea: The Sea of Silver

The limitless ocean of light, twilight and shadows that
becomes the Deep Dreaming, and the Black Court of the
fomorians; the Sea that has a thousand thousand names, one
for every heart that dreams; these infinite reaches divide the
Far Dreaming from the Deep Dreaming. Call it the Depthless
Sea, or the Sea of Eventide, or the Twilight Sea, or the Ocean
of Dream, or even the Tempest. All journeys that hope to take
leave of the Far Dream must take leave, also, of the clearly
marked boundaries of the Silver Path and all other comfort-
able guideposts and trail markings.

There are isles and strange ships on this sea, and great
ruined temples filled with the half-forgotten memories of
humanity. Meantime, there are fomorians and other old hor-
rors plying the ancient waters or lurking beneath the surface.
Time has no power here, and Banality is overwhelmed by the
sheer volume of Dreamstuff that has collected in the Sea of
Silver. The only sign here that Winter is coming to the world
at all is the fact that the Sea has withdrawn so deeply from the
Earth and is now so difficult to reach. Once one reaches its
shores, however, Winter is only a memory, the dream of a
dream, and a fast-fading one at that.


The Riddle of Silver

The Sea of Silver has always existed, depthless and infinite.
Somewhere here is Arcadia, the rootless isle churningat the center
of the boundless ocean, forbidden empire of joy and wonder. Also
here are the enigmatic, yet vaguely archetypal Ocean Giants, who
sleep fitfully at the bottom of the Sea and occasionally rise to the
surface to fight with, eat, or give wisdom to smaller souls. Some say
the Giants are the Titans, or the Tuatha de Danaan. Others say
that each of the Giants carries an entire Dreaming within its vast
body, which would make them another face for the vast Oneiroi
themselves, the omnipresent Dreamers of the Dream,

The Riddle of Silver, quite well known, is actually two
riddles. First, the whole of the Sea is contained within the pool
at the heart of the Irrgarten, which is itself contained within
the Nautilus Heart shared by the guardians of the Snail Grave-
yard. The big contains the little, which in turn contains the big
again. At the center of the human heart lies the bottomless well
of the universe, and vice ve

Second, the Sea is Silver not because the Silver Path has
faded out this deep into the Dreaming, but because the Path is
so close and so strong that it has overflowed its shape. The Sea
isthe ultimate trod, the sum of all Silver Paths poured together
In the Deep, meaning does not disappear so much as it becomes
so blindingly obvious that it is hard to see clearly. The more
sacred, the deeper the dream, the less there is to say.

y Scone Ships

These sailing ships are made out of heavy lime-
stone or another mineral substance. While most went
dead in the Sundering and became inert rock forma-
tions, a few still float and can be piloted by merchant
changeling crews. They are generally unsuitable for
attacking other ships because of their lack of speed and
fine maneuverability; such tactics are recommended
for captains of Swan Ships and other vessels.

The Ocean's Hearc

The Sea is incomprehensibly vast, forming the final and
deepmost layer of the Dreaming short of the timeless reaches of the
Deep Dreaming itself. As such, it includes limitless numbers of
unique islands and perhaps even new Dream Continents, each of
which might be filled with its own chimerical peoplesand empires.
A voyager could literally spend forever exploring the Sea of Silver
and never finish charting its expanse. The true underlying diffi-
culty in sailing the Sea is not boredom, but in finding your way
back when, eventually, you have seen enough.

Still, at the center of the Sea (or so it is said), something
strange happens. According to some, there is a vast whirlpool
or waterfall or cataract that sucks all the flotsam of the Dream-


ing down into itself, casting it into some unknown and perhaps
unknowable abyss beyond. According to others, this phenom-
enon is not a cataract but a waterspout, sending the waters of
the Sea eternally up into the sky.

By contrast, according to yet others, the center of the Sea is
aplace of absolute calm. There, the voyager may find a small isle,
which is Arcadia. Of course, the fact that the Sea of Silver is
infinite means that its "center" would be rather difficult to encoun-
ter, ifirexistsatall; all voyagers but the most dedicated should treat
such tales as rumors as they relate to the Riddle of Silver.

Dwellers in the Deep of the Dream

While any aspect of the Dreaming can find its way to the
great Sea, the oceanic dominion is home to untold chimerical
races and strange elder creatures, most of which no longer exist
anywhere else in the Dreaming. Under the best of conditions,
these creatures' motivations and attitudes toward smaller faeries
are ambiguous, and under the worst, the Sea is home to the
most terrible monsters of the Dreaming. In addition to the great
Giants and other apparently divine entities such as the
Constellar Court of astrological chimera and the great Oceanidic
water-masters, the careless voyager can encounter the Green
Court of the fomorians, the oldest and least merciful of the
three elder courts. Compared to such creatures, the Wave
Dragons and Ocean Giants are almost welcome sights.

Beyond the Red and White, beyond Glamour and Banality,
the Green Fomorians lie in their chains at the bottom of the Sea.
Unlike their lesser cousins, the Green could not be bound by the
Arcadians, unless by their own consent, which they refused to give
until the chains were brought to them by the smallest of the
Arcadians at the end of the Last Battle of Chakravada. When the
chains were brought, the Green maimed the child who offered
them, locked the manacles on themselves and slowly retreated
under the waves of the Sea, while the Arcadians stood guard and
shuddered as the ground shook and the waves pounded.

The role played by the Green within the Fomorian Dream
is perhaps incomprehensible to smaller faeries.

The Empire of che Depchless

As the majestic personifications of the great ocean currents
and coastlines, the Depthless rarely enter into extended alliances
with the changelings of the land, but instead pursue a dark and
fatalistic introspection. Like lesser ondines, few have voices, and
they communicate instead through eye contact and gesture. The
Depthless (also known as Oceanids) are almost infinitely subtle
and secretive, and may well be pursuing some complicated agenda
— either a magical ritual or a work of art.

In general, the ondines (or the inanimate spirits con-
cerned with the Waters) are the Inanimae most fascinated of all
by humanity, and stories of ondines falling in love with human
beings are fairly common. Wistful, nomadic, highly concerned
with memory and forgetting, these mer live in a half-world
inaccessible even to the dreamiest of meat changelings and
filled with fancies, illusions, shapeshifting and mirages.

They keep their secrets very close to their watery breasts.
To most outsiders, gatherings of the mer are strangely sad

events, for, as the saying goes, "An ondine is thinking of
goodbye before she says hello."

Home Realms

Most dreamers are unaware of the realms they create, or the
power they possess. The mundane world tells them that their visions
are not real and that their imaginary friends don't exist at all.

The Promethean Giancs
These huge, rare entities possibly predate Arcadia. In
the oldest legends of the birth of thatrealm, the Promethean
Giants (whom some believe to be the Tuatha de Danaan)
are already there, watching sadly from the shadows. They
speak only the oldest form of Arcadian argot, peppered
with numerous words that not even the most ancient
changelingsalive can remember. They donot appear to be
the product of Faerie Glamour, and may, in fact, notbe the
product of any human Dreaming.

The Giants take the form of huge humanoids
composed of some pliable, almost rubbery, golden sub-
stance. Judging from textual evidence (few changelings
ever see one Giant in their lives, although there are
legends that describe lonely gatherings of dozens of
Giants), each is over a hundred feet tall, and a few have
reportedly extended to at least six times that height.
Their bodies are continually in minor flux, which gives
them their characteristic "liquid" or "soft" appearance

Each Promethean Giant that has been reported
since the birth of Arcadia has been a paramount master
of at least one realm of faerie magic, with specific and
idiosyncratic affiliations within that realm. These af-
filiations affect the Giant's personal form, with each
Giant possessing a strange hybrid corona of animal,
vegetable, or mineral limbs that constantly move in
tidal currents across its huge golden body like solid
clouds or rootless islands. No account of Giant breed-
ing should be taken as authoritative, nor (despite
accounts of the submergence of the Atlantican Em-
pire) is it known whether the Prometheans can die.

The Giants use their old magic to serve their own
unfathomable agendas (cryptically referred to as "the Sad
Conversation" ). They have both destroyed and created
entite changeling realms over the vastness of time.

Of course, it wasn't always so. Before the Age of Reason,
and notably in the Middle Ages, dreamers actually believed
that their dreams and visions were real. The Europeans be-
lieved that these dreams were sent by divine or infernal
providence.

It was a fine time for fae; mortals and Prodigals paid
Kithain the respect changelings feel they deserve. Of course,
all chat changed with the Shattering. The Age of Reason at the
end of this cataclysm was nearly a death-knell for fae in Europe

Chapzer Four: Realms of Incerese


and the Mediterranean. The cold, crushing blow of Banality
was more than many could take in those times, and whole
communities of kith who could not either escape to Arcadia or
find refuge in a freehold were Undone. The remaining change-
lings who lacked an escape route must have felt as if the ship
were sinking, and all they could do was climb up the masts.

A group of desperate Kithain in the 17th century at-
tempted a dangerous experiment to find the way back to
Arcadia. These reckless (and powerful) fae thought of them-
selves as visionaries and set to work: They invited the greatest
poets, scholars and creative minds of Europe and locked them-
selves away ina fancy parlor room, talking about philosophy for
hours. This device was later called the salon, and it was the first
ever. Unlike other salons, however, this one was not a mere
bantering of ideas. The fae who organized the occasion had an
agenda: They wanted to create a Rapture that would open a
nearby defunct trod back to their home. They subtly wove into
the topic of conversation the image of a doorway; then, a path;
next, a long series of twists and turns; and finally...Arcadia.

Obviously, the Dreamers never realized what was really
happening. They merely thought that they were all engaging in
witty and exhausting repartee. At the end of the salon, the
Dreamers, more weary than they ought to be, dragged themselves
off to bed. The changelings excitedly rushed to the trod to see
whether they were successful. What they saw in the glade that
concealed the trod was a solid doorway made of sticks and leaves,
rapidly disintegrating from the bottom upward. Without even
considering the consequences, they all rushed through the door as
itcrumbled intoa pile of kindling. Desperation makes changelings
do stupid things. Anyway, these Kithain were lucky, but not in the
way they'd hoped. They never found the way back to Arcadia, for
the makeshift trod was beginning to disintegrate, even as they
raced through it. They rode their fastest chimera and used Wayfare
until they were literally Undone from lack of Glamour, but all of
that effort was a waste. Indeed, they found the end of the rainbow,
but the pot of gold they all wished for wasn't Arcadia.

Because they were all changelings and not true fae, their
connection to Arcadia was not as strong. The memory was distant,
and the Shattering did not make it any better. As often happens
when Kithain try to control the flow of Glamour, the result was
something unexpected. The trod led not to Arcadia but toa newly
created realm that was a collage of the assembled changelings'
notions of home. The overall realm, somewhat smaller then than
it is now, was a meshing of each one's idea of a perfect world. The
lands bordering the regions resembled a giant's poor first attempt
at puzzle-making. The land-forms alternately interlocked and
jutted out in jagged blocks and sections. The chimerical animals
and buildings were all faint and quivering, and raw Dreamstuff was
crackling electrically in the air. Even as they watched, some of the
chimera faded away into nothing. A decision had to be made:
should the changelings stay and craft the realm some more, see if
they could reach Arcadia from where they were or return to the
mundane world and possibly try again? All agreed that they were
too far away from Arcadia even to try toreach it. Some thought the
new realm a waste of time, while most of the rest stayed there and

Dreams and Nightmares

(p>

tried tomake it more stable. A few wandered off into the Dreaming
and were never heard from again.

Ultimately, this story ends in tragedy forall. The participating
Dreamers burned out, creatively speaking, and slipped into obscu-
rity. Kithain society in the mundane world was scandalized by the
news of this heinous use of Dreamers, and the commoner nobles
banished the returning changelings from their lands.

The fae who stayed with the realm fed and nurtured the
chimerical lands with their Glamour (and through occasional
raids into the mundane world to Ravage dreamers) and created
a version more fully realized than when they began. Bedlam
caught up with these fae, which added more — and wilder —
elements to the realm (the Funhouse appeared in Balloon
when the realm's creator slipped into Bedlam).

Nearly all of those Kithain are gone now, slipped away totally
into Bedlam, or killed in the internecine wars upon one another.
What they left behind were three provinces, each favoringa given
kith. The surviving realm provinces are Myrmitown (for the
boggans),the Tunnels (sluagh) and Balloon (pooka).

CDyrmicown

The most startling things about Myrmitown are the architec-
ture and the giant chimerical ants the boggans use as beasts of
burden. These ants are utilized for everything from food to trans-
portation. The boggans here are so adept at breeding such chimera
that they have a different type of ant for each type of work. Larger
ants are used for transportation and smaller ants are bred for finer-
detailed work. There are also ants for show pageants, gladiatorial
combats, and guard duty. There are even a few strange ant-chimera
with limited intelligence. These beings walk upright and possess a
humanoid shape. They understand human language, barely, but
can execute only one command at a time, and they must thor-
oughly complete a given task before they can receive another.
These chimera, called frains, are commonly used as soldiers and
bodyguards, for they are strong and lightning-fast. The three
villages of Myrmitown are more like Anasazi-style warrens than
human dwellings. The residents live in ornately carved, intercon-
nected chambers under the hills they call home. These chambers
and burrows are all massively decorated with pictorial images and
calligraphy of Myrmitown's history, culture and relations with the
other Home Realms.

The cities are a social beehive of gossip, innuendo, and
(usually) nonviolent, Machiavellian intrigue. The big event is the
annual Myrmitownian Country Faire, where ant-breeders show
their prize ants and compete for dross craftwork. There are market-
booths, storytelling competitions andacostume ball in theevening.
The best contestants in each event win the invisible (but no less
valuable, in boggan society) currency of social prestige. The
government is a plutocracy of the most powerful boggans. These
captains of industry also serve in the Myrmtownian governing
body called the Synod. Outsiders are usually welcome, but the
boggans are quite proud of their crafts and protective of their
techniques. Most of the intrigue in Myrmitown involves schemes
to steal each others' craftworking and ant-breeding methods. The
surest way to infuriate a Myrmitownian is to note the imperfec-


RIANA

tions in her craftwork or to try to steal her secret vermilion-and-
cobalt-striped-ant breeding technique.

The Tunnels

Myrmitown was the first of the Home Realms to be fully
created. The boggans made a series of sewer-tunnels under-
neath their cities, and the sluagh expanded upon this basic
framework to create their realm.

The Tunnels are a labyrinthine underground network. It
is very easy to get lost here; there is little or no light, and there
are vast chasms that have opened up in the ground recently.
Even sluagh familiar with the area sometimes get lost, as
formerly traversable passages become impassable because of a
gorge or a rockfall. There are also many dangerous chimerical
inhabitants. Most are friendly to the sluagh, but occasional
attacks against sluagh by insane chimera are not unknown.

Non-sluagh are strictly forbidden, and the few entrances wide
enough for non-sluagh to slip through are guarded by chimerical
giant rats and alligators, the latter spawned from the urban myth
of sewer alligators. The other entrances are so small that only a
sluagh could get through them. These entryways include Occam's
Razor, along, thin wedge of a tunnel, about six inches in diameter
and 70 feet in length, that leads into the Tunnels' Great Hall. It
iscalled Occam's Razor because slopingplanesdescend to carnivo-
rous chimerical stalagmites hundreds of feet below on either side
of the tunnel-wedge. Anyone who attempts to get across by
creeping along the slopes is likely to slip into the pit below
(Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty 9; each success gets you 5 feet
closer, and a botch means you fall in). There are many such traps
in the Tunnels. Most of these traps are not mechanical and many
rely upon dangerous natural formations in the rock. The sluagh are
clever, but they are notas good with their handsas are boggans, and
they donot trust Myrmitownians enough toask them to come into
the tunnels and install some traps (would you').

The Tunnels are an excellent place for sluagh to go when
pursued by non-sluagh enemies, or when they seek sources of
information. There are fewer than 40 sluagh here at any time,
as the Tunnels provide little in the way of food. The only
sustenance available comes from barter with the other Home
Realms (for information, which the sluagh are loath to do, as
they always feel the "outsiders" are trying to rip them off), from
what the inhabitants can bring in or from the rare, desperate
killing of a giant gator for meat (and cool boots).

The most significant feature of the Tunnels is the Great
Hall, a massive area with ceilings so high that no amount of
light illuminates them. Sound echoes terribly in this place, and
any communication above a whisper is impossible to under-
stand. Noncarnivorous stalagmites in various sizes randomly
dot the floor. Some of these stalagmites are carved into unusual
sculptural shapes by sluagh of an artistic bent.

Also on the floor is a series of sewer grates. These grates have
their perspectives reversed, so that the downward view through a
grate reveals things as if one looked up from below it. The grates
randomly shift views among many scenes above many grates, in
and out of the Dreaming (no one knows if the grates ever showed

ascene from Arcadia). The view through the grates is uncontrol-
lable, and it switches randomly. A patient sluagh can learn a lot of
"secret" tidbits through these grates.

The few permanent inhabitants of the Tunnels are happy
here. It is a perfect home for a sluagh: lonely, barren, alternately
dank or stuffy, cold, dark, and haunted, of all things, by a chimeri-
cal ghost. This ghost is relatively harmless. It sticks to the usual
popular conceptions of ghosts: chain-rattling noises, blood drip-
ping from walls, moaning in the halls, etc. It resists all attempts to
communicate and runs away from people who try to overpower it.

Balloon

The first thing that greets a visitor who passes through one of
the gates to Balloon is a stone sphinx who sits atop a pedestal and
commands each inbound traveler to answer her riddles or "suffer
the consequences." Failure to answer her riddles correctly results
in the propulsion of the traveler high into the air (the pooka who
created this chimerical mechanical sphinx saw too many Monty
Python movies) and into a nearby pile of...well, it is not pleasant.
The propulsion cantrip doesn't always work right, and several
unfortunates have "missed the mark" and ended up with most of
their bones broken. If a frustrated visitor attacks the sphinx, it
immediately opens its mouth and whirls its head, giving off a
deafening alarm. On the horizon, swarms of pooka soon appear
aboard a host of dirigibles, carrying deadly pie-bombs and (liter-
ally) high-explosive seltzer-bottles.

The only way to answer the sphinx correctly is to lie to
every question, as only pooka would normally do. Repeating
the answers of the previous traveler activates the propulsion
cantrip, which tosses the unlucky mimic into the pile.

Once past the sphinx, the path winds through a series of
mirrors set into the ground at weird angles. The mirrors all give a
ridiculous cast to the viewer's reflected appearance. In the clearing
ahead is a slate floor with a long hopscotch pattern chalked onto
it. Attempting to walk straight through or to not hop in sequential
order (Wits + Athletics, difficulty 6) causes the mirror images to
come to life. They proceed to jeer and pelt their original with pies.
Aside from the fact that the pie actually contains a blue dye and
subtle corrosive that gradually eats away any nontreasure chimeri-
cal items, if not washed off, the citizens of Balloon realize that dye-
stained immigrants are "no fun" and ostracize them (+2 difficulty
toall rolls with Social Attributes because of the blue dye) until the
stain is cleaned off.

There are a few more puzzles along the way, all testing how
much "fun" the traveler is.

There are several entrances into Balloon, each with testing-
traps along the way and frequent visitor traffic coming and going.
Just about everyone is welcome, except for individuals of a more
violent bent (an Unseelie redcap rolling into Balloon looking for
supper is likely to be humiliated, bruised and finally bounced out,
with his body beaten in a thousand places, if he lives through the
bouncing). Even sidhe are welcome and sometimes accepted if
they don't try to lord over everyone they see and do maintain an
air of "fun." Of course, none of the entrance-traps or usual social
gags can make any sidhe look ridiculous...but it doesn't stop most

Chapcer Four: Realms of Incerese


Balloonians from trying.

The Alarums of Balloon, a series of chimerical security
devices around the edges of this realm, are a call to arms for the
Citizen Army, who climb aboard their dirigibles, zeppelins,
combat balloons, and floating whatevers to fight any menace.

The Citizen Army employs comical-looking weapons includ-
ing jacks, glass marbles, little toy soldiers and toy tanks, but
enemies of Balloon stop laughing when the weapons take effect.
Some are explosive, but most of the weapons merely serve to
incapacitate. However, if Balloonians are really mad at an invad-
ing army, they drop leaflets of "The Funniest Joke in the Realm"
on the invaders. Of course, if the Citizen Army is victorious, the
Balloon government sends flowers and heartfelt apologies to the
survivors of the invading army. Comedy is not pretty.

Balloon isa commune, run by a communist collective. The
last emperor of Balloon loved the idea of communism so much |
he voluntarily abdicated and let The People rule. Of course,
prestige in the city is based on the best joke, publicly told riddle,
or game invented. Little contests and riddle-games abound in
social circles. This ubiquitous merriment often results in back-
biting and blackballing for unfortunates who are feeling sad or
who aren't funny. Balloon is given to ridiculous pomp and silly
pageantry, and the social climate and intrigue is similar in tone
to the court of France, 18th century.

There are a few buildings and residences that dot the land-
scape, but no cities. Wild streams and rivers and lush, amply
forested mountain ranges divide the region into fertile, unpolluted
ecosystems. An abundance of animals inhabits these areas. The
Balloon sheriffs and wardens are on the watch for anyone who
ignores the "Be kind to animals" signs posted everywhere. Anyone
hurting or killing an animal becomes a wanted criminal, as this
activity amounts to assault or first-degree murder. All Balloonians
are vegetarian, and with good reason...no one can be sure if an
animal is really an animal or a loved-one.

Most of the buildings are small, simple, brightly painted
dwellings for housing and shops. There are three buildings that
are larger than one story:

The Balloon Armory

This large, columnar brick structure with huge arches
perforating it (it would collapse in the mundane world) houses
weapons and military airships. It is usually guarded by a small
standing army. A tall pole stretches up its center. There are no
stairs in the building; people move between floors by holding
onto the pole and calling out their desired level. Immediately,
the cantrip in the Forged pole slides the person up or down to
that floor. Most of the weapons are stored in the basement in
case of a combustible accident.

"Toyroom

A square, boxlike building decorated as a giant birthday
cake (which it actually is, but the cake is very stale), the
Toyroom isa combination meeting hall.and laboratory. True to
its name, the halls and corridors are strewn with toys and
entertaining gadgets.


The first floor is mostly meeting halls for governance and
public lectures. Everyone participates in this government-by-
consensus. Of course, deliberations can, therefore, go on for
hours, which is just the way the Balloonians like it. The
laboratories are on the third floor. Here is where pooka go for
alittle privacy, either to polish up their comedic routines or to
develop anew gadget. The feel of the laboratories is something
akin to a musical conservatory subletting out to a troupe of
alchemists. The walls are soundproofed, but do not muffle the
occasional explosion that rocks the third floor (which is why
the designers placed the laboratories closest to the roof).

Funhouse

Somewhat off to the side of Balloon lies a stretch of badlands
surrounding a dilapidated carnival. Security is looser in this area,
and many shady characters meet here to make equally shady
business arrangements. In fact, the Funhouse Carnival is where
most of the Unseelie pooka live or socialize. Disgraced and
alienated "not fun" Seelie pookasometimes come here to lick their
wounds, but the general feeling among the realm denizens is that
the Funhouse is anything but "fun". In fact, it is very unsafe.

On rare occasions, the Balloon police conduct a sweep of
the area, but it solves little, as the inhabitants fade into the
background until "5-O" goes away. None of the rides work, but
a few lights do (no one knows why). Overall, the lights make
the place look even more gloomy. The Funhouse Carnival has
all the attractions found in any traveling sideshow: a house of
mirrors, freak show, animal cages, etc., but all are either
vandalized or nonfunctional from long unuse. Even the signs
labeling the attractions are faded and hard to read.

The unofficial ruler of the Funhouse is Josiah, leader of the

"Merry Pranksters." The Pranksters serve as Josiah's muscle and

eyes, but the main reason Josiah rules Funhouse is his uncanny

ability to "get" things for the right price. Josiah and his Pranksters

generally run the Funhouse through fear and intimidation. How

they deal with outsiders and non-pooka who visit Funhouse is

| another matter. The Pranksters' usual con game is to offer tickets

to the "special show" for a "discount." Selecting a newcomer who

may not be missed, they extol the amazing rarity and wonder of the

performance: "Why, some have even achieved Rapture!" The

Pranksters who approach the marks have the most trustworthy

demeanors, and most victims are led to the show like lambs to the

slaughter. If the victim is not interested, the Pranksters shrug and
walk away to await another opportunity.

If the victim accepts the tickets, she is told to be at the
circus tent at midnight. With Josiah acting as MC, the Prank-
sters all drop their guises and revel in their true forms: Thallain
beasties. The Pranksters always choose victims who are outsid-
ers or who won't be missed. They are careful not to reveal their
race even to Unseelie, as the Balloon residents are already
uncomfortable about the whispered tales of evil at the Funhouse.
There were several motions proposed in town meetings either
to bombard the Funhouse into rubble or board it up and use it
as a prison, but neither motion achieved consensus. If the
people of Balloon truly knew what lives in their slum, they
might not deliberate as much over their next course of action.


Ss

WA

Ly,

‘ \

N

. a

i =~
Ws

\


Trods and freeholds partake of the same truths, only in
different keys. One is rooted in one place, growing inward and
deepward but never straying from its nature. The other wanders
without rest, constantly negotiating between the rooted places,
providing the space-that-is-not-a-place between. As we shall
see, the laws that apply to the one apply to the other, only
transposed to reflect this fundamental distinction.

The Lore of Enchanced
Places: Freeholds

As grow older, I become increasingly aware of how boring
these lectures can be. You're the young ladies and lords of the
realm, all abuzz and a-blinderling with the self-satisfaction and
confidence that come with the right of dominion over your
holds. You're already more than half in love with your realms
—orshould be —and you're eagerly spendingall your free time
getting to know the ins and outs of what freeholds are and what
they do and don't.

Youdon'tneed me to give youan introduction to holdcraft.
I'm just Professor Hummus, T.E. (Hard Knox, '51), and, for
whatever reason, your suzerains have thrown this book at you
and expect you to read it. For all I know, they "politely
requested" that you take notes; maybe they'll be giving you a
quiz later to see how well you paid attention. I'm sorry, kids. Just
smile, nod and think of Arcadia, and you'll live through this.

This is a Young Freeholder's Guide to the Secret Life of
Enchanted Places, not to mention the Care and Feeding
thereof. Herein, you will find all the basic truths about the
depths of the Freeholder Way that you'll need to keep your
holds lit and healthy, along with assorted holdmaker's hints
and cocktail party anecdotes.

Read this, and then forget it.

The Nacure of Frecholds

According to popular opinion, all freeholds are pretty
much the same, once you strip away all the colored birds and
ribbons and creative use of space. I'm sure you've heard that the
decorations are just incidentals, peripheral to the real function
of all freeholds: the storage and production of ambient Glam-
our, right? Most of us are in such a hurry to get that Glamour
that we barely even notice the dancing shadows and the
twiddlebug towns that flourish in the wrinkles of our holds. We
nod appreciatively at the details in the Dreaming, but never
seem to have time to look at them. The world outside the hold
makes us tired and hungry for Glamour, makes us feel like
there's not even enough time to savor it before we breathe it in.

I'm sure we've all been in that position, but the first law of
holdcraft is that this is the wrong way to handle a freehold.
Once again, popular opinion has got it backwards — granted,
a freehold with no indoor rose gardens or rainbow frogs might
theoretically still provide us with Glamour, but it definitely

Chapcer Five: Hearth and Highway 93

YACY.

NK

if
fe

SS


VX, x

<y,

(CX

COT

L2

"ad

wouldn't smell

Furthermore, it wouldn't even be filling, because it wouldn't
be a living freehold any longer. Your freehold is a freehold only
so long as it has the pomp and circumstance and irrational

touches. The twiddlebug towns
evoke the Glamour in your
freehold, rather than the other
way around — killing or ignor-
ing the twiddlebugs will make
your hold sick and your Glam-
our run dry. In my work with
the Invisible Census, I've prob-
ably been to 600 holdings in
Concordia alone and ex-
changed notes with other
T.E.'s worldwide regarding sev-
eral hundred more.

That said, one freehold is
not "pretty much the same" as
all others, or any other. If free-
holds were the same, they
wouldn't be freeholds. Every
one is unique. The stronger it
is, the more unique it will be.
Affinicies

That said, holdcrafters
1s do find it
ach freehold
according to its "affinities," or
the qualities that distinguish it
from all others. This classifica-
tion, then, tells usa great deal
about the inner nature of the
given hold, its true name or
"heart." If your hold were a
person and not a place, the

map of its uniquenesses would
reveal its personal nature; what

and other sorce

useful to class

we are after here is the inner
truth of geography.
Knowledge of this sort is
useful for communicating with
the hold, forgingalliances with
it or simply making use of its
internal magical preferences
when you are weaving Arts.
While there have been cases
where this knowledge was used

to damage or even destroy holds, I should not have to remind
you that such action is among the greatest crimes you can

Pe Dreams and Nighcmares

sweet. Or, to put it another way, reducing a
freehold toa big Glamour collection site might be justas filling,
but it wouldn't taste so great anymore.

The Rock-n-Roll
Bowling Atley

This retro 1950s-style establishment in south New
Jersey does, in fact, contain eight (short) bowling lanes,
but primarily is one of the main venues of wilder music
on the eastern seaboard. Sooner or later, every change-
ling band plays the Bowling Alley, with its carpeted
walls and combination soda fountain/bar, and wilders
will come from as far away as the moon, Vermont or
outer space to see their band of choice. Beverage con-
noisseurs worldwide also make pilgrimages to the Alley
to taste the rare dairy blends mixed here, including the
legendary Special Drink.

Bands-in-residence at the Bowling Alley include
Rocktalk Jones (heir apparent to the title of Last of the
Beatnik Poets), Muffin God, Callard & Bowser, Infi-
nite Hat, the Shock-Mommies, and Watchchildren.
Allare cult bands, eccentric enough to stand out even

in the strange underground scene of wilder music. Their
music is sometimes accordion-driven, often in bizarro
thythms, and always lyrically perverse. Together, they
make up the board of directors of Rock-n-Roll Bowling
Alley, Inc. In secret basements under the Bowling
Alley, they display a more studious side by carrying out
obscure, often dangerous, sonic experiments. There are
many failures (and explosions, and radiation leaks), but
the occasional successes continue to push the bound-
aries of changeling sonic-Glamour awareness. Accord-
ing to urban wilder legends, passages lead beneath these
basements to a submarine dock where the house bands
can make emergency exits from failed experiments,
anti-progressive forces, or screaming fans.

Politically, Rock-n-Roll Bowling Alley, Inc. re-
mains explicitly neutral in all internecine changeling
disputes. The directors are largely apolitical, but they
tend, by temperament, toward anarchy; they will take
no official stand either to help or hinder the Seelie or
Unseelie courts. The only things they really care about
are their research and their music.

commit against the Dreaming. No enemy can be so loathsome
to you that you should attack him through his freehold. The
enchanted places remaining to the earth are fragile, and not
even the most corrupt of them deserve to be unmade.
Generally, as with everything else about Faerie, the
affinities that might describe an enchanted place can be

classed into the Realms of
Actor, Fae, Prop, Nature,
and Scene. A small or sickly
freehold that has little
Glamour to spare can be
built out of only one or two
Realms —a color, perhaps,
ora material (like wood or
paper or fire), or a type of
plant or animal. Stronger
freeholds naturally partake
in deeper dimensions of
uniqueness, with the stron-
gest of them being built out
of five or more affinities.

Affinities give us the
shape of the Dreaming's
Glamourous vision foragiven
enchanted place. Affinities
are how the freehold "feels,"
what it "likes," what it sur-
rounds itself with. Cantrips
grounded in the Realms to
which a place feels an affinity
are easier to cast and endure
much longer than "unaffili-
ated" magic. Furthermore,
chimera created ina freehold
with which they share Realm
affinities tend to be healthier
and less fragile than ones cre-
ated elsewhere. In fact, free-
wandering chimera who find
ahold that feels an affinity for
them often settle down per-
manently, which results in
sometimes extensive colonies
of chimerical creatures who
fit the personality of the free-
hold.

There are hundreds, if
not thousands, of specific as-
pects of the world with which
a freehold might feel an af-
finity. Since knowing how to

determine the affinities of an enchanted place is one of the
basic skills of holdcraft, I include a list of the major categories
here, with general examples.


Accor Holds

Few surviving freeholds feel an affinity with the Actor
Realm, and ones that do are artificial krofts — glades, by
definition, are allergic to human beings and die quickly when
settled by humans.

Generally, a kroft that partakes in Actor will be either a
place where a certain type of human congregates (an apartment
building where eccentrics tend to live, a college dormitory for
budding mad scientists, a nightclub that attracts medievalists)
ora place identified with a particular type of human activity (a
coffeehouse, a theatre, a busy train station, a fashionable
nightclub). Affinities of the first type are nouns; affinities of the
second are verbs.

Unless you have made a study of the Actor Realm, this
distinction might be meaningless. However, it might help to
think of Actor holds of the first type as encouraging Glamour
relating to the specific roles that humans play and to specific
humans who play those roles — in other words, all the dress-up
and uniforms that fuel so much Actor magic. Actor holds of the
second type encourage Glamour relating to specific human.
activities — dancing, drinking coffee, drama, traveling.

Both varieties of Actor holds express themselves by promot-

ing "suitable" behaviors and activity in the humans who inhabit
them or are merely passing through them. This influence spurs a
truth that the poor blind humans have forgotten: Where you live
affects how you act. Even places of the dimmest Glamour can
encourage different moods and even different attitudes.

Fae Holds

Any enchanted place can feel an affinity for an aspect of
the Fae Realm, and the majority of healthy holds are at least
superficially affiliated with Fae. The intensity of this affinity is
one of the best ways of determining how deeply rooted in the
Dreaming the hold is: Holds with little or no affinity for Fae
tend to be superficially connected to the Near Dreaming, while
ones with strong Fae affinities are firmly imbedded in the Far or
even Deep regions. Those dim holds that have eschewed (or
lost) their Fae affinities are often completely severed from even
the Near Dreaming, living their geographic lives in isolation.

The specific form that each Fae affinity takes varies widely.
Weak affinities tend to express themselves by encouraging a
particular kith, seeming or chimerical species to live nearby and
indulge its own characteristic tendencies to the fullest — thus, a
Fae hold might feel a special bond with sluagh or grumps and make
itself as ideal a home for them as possible. Changelings who come


Parroc Island

Located off the South Carolina coast, this un-
charted islet is one of the fragments of the lost Empire
of the Egg, allegedly the shape taken by the Dreaming
during the caesura between the Reptile Kingdom and
the present age. It was the time of birds, and its world
lingers in such places as Parrot Island, the Seychelles,
the home island of the Tengu of Japan, and some of the
smaller islets of New Zealand.

LL, Z

Lil

ES

Parrot Island is populated exclusively by chimerical
birds of all species, of which a significant minority is
sentient. There are no permanent mammalian inhabit-
ants, although there is a bit of commerce witha few Creole
changeling families in the nearby islands. While they
prefer to remain aloof from the affairs of Faerie-in-Earth,
the birds of Parrot Island do have the right to send
emissaries to the councils of the Emperor as observers. In
return, they grudgingly open their island to changelings
who wish to learn bird magic from them (and who will pay
the high price that the birds charge for their tutelage).

Some famous changelings have managed to be-
friend the secretive people of the island. These people
have, from time to time, made cryptic comments about
the place of the birds within Faerie and their coming
role in its future. Recent visitors to the island have seen
signs that the birds are preparing for a great war, but
questions on this matter are met with angry silence.

<y

Sa
SS

7

The government of Parrot Island structurally re-
sembles that of the changelings, with a local ruler (King
Archulette) delegating power to a council of nobles
(collectively, the Parliament of Birds) and paying trib-
ute to the global ruler (Emperor Simurgh). Culturally,
the birds are a sublime, very mannered, contemplative
people. They do not seem happy to be trapped on the
Earth and do not seem to be thriving. They would
rather fly away.

Nacure Holds

After fae, Nature affinities are the commonest; most of the more
common elements of "freehold decoration," such as clear ponds,
indoor trees, and tame birds and beasts, are affinities with Nature.
Like other freeholds, Nature holds can incorporate chimerical
elements which would be considered absurd or impossible in mun-
dane places: chimerical lions in the Kingdom of Ice, green buttercups
and other plants not found in the mundane world, and "natural
miracles" including inextinguishable fire or furniture made from
solid masses of cloud. Generally, the stronger the Glamour of a
Nature hold, the more impossible its ecology can become.

Prop Holds

Also common are Prop affinities, which tend to apply to
the cluttered freeholds of collectors, misers, mad inventors, and
other accumulators of both treasure and junk. Needless to say,
glades never feel an affinity to Prop, as the very artificiality of
Prop is antithetical to the enchanted natural world.

Prop holds express themselves by accumulating whatever
aspect of the Prop Realm interests them. The exact criteria for
this accumulation vary widely from Prop hold to Prop hold,
with some tending toward quantity (and becoming vast heaps
of dolls or antiques or books or shoes) and others tending
toward idiosyncratic arrangements or reconfigurations of the
accumulated props. A typical Prop hold subtly modifies props
that spend extended lengths of time within its boundaries to
better fit its specific affinity.

For example, a hold with an affinity for knives gradually
causes chimerical shoes and other voile to wear down, giving
them knife-sharp edges. On the other hand, anyone who visits
ahold with an affinity for red ribbon gradually discovers that all
of their chimerical weapons and talismans have been decorated
with brightly woven ribbons.

Scene

With Fae, Scene is the most important realm for classifying
the unique role a freehold plays within the greater Dreaming.
"Freehold," after all, is the class of enchanted (Fae) places (Scene)

to a hold that feels an affinity for them will feel energized by it;
given the choice, they gladly stay there for as long as possible.
Conversely, Fae holds that do not feel an affinity for particular
changelings will feel uncomfortable to them in some way, and such
visitors will generally not tarry long.

Stronger fae holds express themselves by encouraging
some abstract aspect of the Dreaming, such as a color, an
emotion, a moral stance (honor or perversion, for example), an
artistic medium, or some other deep truth. These abstractions
encourage related behavior in all fae who visit or dwell in such
holds, but do not discriminate according to any of the cruder
faerie distinctions, such as kith or House. Some sorcerers claim
that the strongest of all the fae holds are keyed to Arcadia itself,
but this notion is conjectural at best.

insofar as a hold is enchanted, it possesses affinities with Fae.
Insofar as a hold is a place, it possesses affinities with Scene.

The so-called "place-bending" characteristics of Scene
freeholds that so confuse humans and fledglings are manifesta
tions of Scene affinity. In the mundane world, a freehold may
be of any size, but most are quite small and unobtrusive.
However, freeholds that have particularly strong affinity with
the truths of place are immune to the rules of mundane
architecture and volume. | am sure you are familiar with the old
credo that "the deeper you go" into a freehold "the bigger it
gets" and that "the inside is bigger than the outside." Both are
aspects of the Scene affinity at work.

Guards and Wards

Now that we are all acquainted with the fundamental
affinities of holdcraft, it might be time to say a few words about
the way they are most commonly used by holdkeepers: as
guardians and monitors to ensure the sanctity of the hold itself.


eX'
*
Hy

Ra
LW yaa
, Le A el? Be
The Sol R Tree j
¢ Solicary Ringing Tree \ , «4 aS
\
oN P

When driving or walking across the dry expanse near iN f h iy
the border between Colorado and Nebraska, it is possible } i x)
to catch sight of a single softwood tree of unidentified x
species in full leaf, at the edge of the flat and grassy plain. 4, y N ty
N

There are no other trees anywhere in sight. Then, apassing
breeze blows through the branches, and there isasound like
ocean breakers and the music of thousands of tinkling bells.
This is the Solitary Ringing Tree.

Over the decades since the Tree was planted in the
Reverse Sycamore Walking across the Great Plains, trav-
elers have adorned every one of the Tree's branches with
thousands, perhaps millions, of small bells. The origin of
this custom is lost now, but it has become a deeply loved
tradition in the Grass Kingdom to hanga bell or two when
a journey allows. Some believe that decorating the Tree
witha bell brings good luck. Others just think it looks pretty
tosee the flat country punctuated by a single tree, its every
bough glimmering as light strikes the bells.

Because the Tree is so universally loved by plains
faeries, it has become a traditional safe haven for fugitives
from injustice. The idea of violence in the vicinity of the
Tree is repugnant to the locals, who have woven many
Bans of peace and weapons-bindings there to ensure the
site's innocence is preserved. A number of the great treaties
between the Grass Kingdom and the Burning Sun were
signed here.

Many of the tinkling bells hung here have magical
properties, and any of them can be melted down to release
Glamour that has seeped into them over the years from the
Tree. While there are procedures for harvesting the Tree
with its permission, stealing bells will lower a Ban on the
thief. An hour or so after any such theft, all fabrics finer
than cotton will cause the thief to itch. This Ban continues
until the bells are returned to the Tree.

During certain seasons, the aspen-like bark of the Tree
itself can be peeled away in small amounts for use as an
ingredient in certain healing teas. Taking the bark at the
proper season does not harm the Tree; however, taking the
bark at other seasons not only hurts the Tree but is also
quite difficult, and it tends to produce poisonous brews.

Some, who are wise in the Green Way of plants, are
convinced that the Ringing Tree is ready to propagate
its seeds.

The ease of spinning cantrips out of those aspects of Faerie
with whicha hold hasan affinity means that most of the guards and
wards of established freeholds partake in the local affinities. A hold
with an affinity for fish takes various types of aquatic chimera,
which could mean anything from mermaids to sea monkeys to
giant, intelligent carp as its defenders. A hold with an affinity for
small, claustrophobic spaces defends itself with labyrinthine tun-


The Oucside Inn

This building is one of the hearts of Faerie-in-
Manhattan and dates from the glory days of that realm.
From outside, it appears to be just another Upper East
Side residential building that has seen better days.
Once you enter the art deco glass and bronze doors, you
find yourself in a nondescript room containing the
building doorman's desk, which is staffed day and night
by liveried trolls. Most riffraff never make it beyond this
point.

Past the doorman's desk, a short hallway leads into
the heart of the building, which is completely given over
to empty space. Powerful Glamour has bent local volumes
to reverse inside and outside, so the building's interior is
actually an open glade surrounded by New York store-
fronts and floored in rolling grass and wildflowers. The
ceiling, seven stories overhead, appears to be open sky,
reflecting regional weather patterns and the time of day.
Atnight, the ceiling is dark, with passing clouds, stars, and
moon. During the day, it appears in varying shades of blue
and gray, with occasional rain or snowfall within the
building. For all practical purposes, the ceiling-sky is a real
sky, and strange birds occasionally fly down into the
building to nest.

The facades lining the outskirts of the building
interior are of Manhattan buildings with importance to
Faerie. They are arranged in seemingly random order,
the Chrysler Building standing beside the Cloisters,
next to the Guggenheim, next to the Strand Bookstore,
and so on. Due to the overall volume-inversion cover-
ing the building, these facades are spatial equivalents of
the real landmarks, and curious changelings can spy
through the windows into the buildings themselves.
Supposedly, there once existed a mechanism to allow
people to step directly from the Outside Inn into these
other parts of Manhattan, but the various doors are now
stapled shut and do not allow transit.

The internal glade is larger than the Outside Inn's
exterior might suggest, perhaps a city block square. It
includes some light oak and sumac groves and a duck
pond that doubles as a skating rink in winter. There are
also several pavilions elevated with stilts and scattered
throughout the glade. They occupy varying altitudes
and are reachable via glass elevators. Here is where
Faerie-in-Manhattan holds its outdoor revels and gar-
den parties when the parkside courts are considered too
public or too informal.

The Outside Inn is owned by an aging grump who
prefers to keep out of the day-to-day affairs of change-
ling society. She was allegedly at school with Queen
Mab when both were wilders, and the two are supposed
to be extremely old friends.

i

nelsand hidden entrances. On the other hand, a Fae hold typically
resorts to riddles and magical bans to enforce its sanctity, and so
forth.

Most of you have inherited an established freehold, with
its own affinities already ingrained in its structure. As such, you
should already have access to at least the raw materials for all
the guards and wards you require — you need only look into the
corners of your holding to see what is already available, then
press it into service. If there are chimerical beasts, train them
to act as your guardians (or hire them, if they are intelligent; in
any case, befriending the aboriginal chimerical population is
always a good idea). If there are chimerical plants, coax them
to grow in thickets and snares, or simply harvest them for their
defensive magical properties. If there are disembodied voices
who speak in riddles, enlist them to your cause. Convince them
to watch for intruders, make them challenge strangers.

The most important rule here, as always, is to work with
what your freehold provides, never against it. In time, your
holding's affinities will shift to better suit your own unique
affiliations within the Dreaming (or, rather, you will shift
toward them), but, for now, use what the Dreaming gives you.

For those of you who are birthing freeholds out of your own.
Glamour and need, the issue is almost too simple. Your new
hold's affinities are largely of your own design, so choose them
wisely. If you are building a dream-fortress, choose affinities for
strength, to better raise mighty guards and wards. If you are
building for comfort or beauty, choose otherwise — or else
combine any or all of these functions in the same freehold.

The Secrec Life of Freeholds

After affinities, the most important secret of the en-
chanted places to keep in mind is this: Your freehold may not
breathe, but it, like every other aspect of the Dreaming, is alive.
It might not think in the way that we do, but it feels. Freeholds
have minds and memories. They have geographic hearts.

Accunemencs

It is not for nothing that we say "the liege and the land are
one." It is a deep truth of the Dreaming that, once one of our
kind claims an enchanted place (through attunement, the
tight of discovery or some other work of holdcraft), the place
and the person grow increasingly similar. Not only does the
temperament of the liege cause the freehold to reconfigure
itself to match, but the affinities of the freehold have a comple-
mentary effect on the persona of the liege.

The two grow to act and think asa unit, almost as though
they were bound by the Oath of Truehearts. In a way, the Oath
of Truehearts and Investment (by which a changeling becomes
attuned to a freehold) are quite similar in effect. Both create
reciprocal magical bonds between the object of the oath and
the one who swears it. You are all familiar with the ballads of
freeholds falling in love with their lieges and cloaking them-
selves in affinity-granted human forms in order to press their
suits; such tales are not idle gossip. There isa strongly romantic
element to the relationship between liege and land.


This relationship manifests differently for every freehold and
every holdkeeper. The more common effects range from the
freehold teaching its liege its affinities in the form of Glamour
Realms, tothe liege actually merging physically into the substance
of the freehold and reappearing only when necessary.

Bedlam Holds and
che Lost Ones

The ceremonies by which the Lost Ones wove
their holds around themselves like blankets of Bedlam
still exist and can be used in extremity. Since the
Resurgence, the most famous use of the greater
attunement is probably the withdrawal of the Kingdom
of the Mountains during the Accordance War, in
which Queen Columbina pulled the entire faerie fabric
of her kingdom away from the Earth in disgust.

In less epic circumstances, the decision to perform
the greater attunement of the Lost Ones tends to be
motivated by desire to consummate the romantic bond
between hold and holdkeeper. The holdkeeper is sub-
sumed into the body of the freehold, never to return as an
independent entity; in exchange, she gains vastly deep-
ened understanding of all aspects of the freehold and its
surrounding territory, and control over them, as well.

Significantly, this ceremony appears to derive
from similar rites passed down by the nymphs. The
oldest among us say that these rites were used by the
spirits who became nymphs to bind themselves to their
heart-trees and gain respite from Banality at the cost of
their mobility. Likewise, the greater attunement im-
prisons the changeling in her freehold, which she may
never leave again, but the binding also grants her
additional powers and wisdom.

The Lore of che Road:
Trods

You wanted to learn how to make a little traveling music?
Let's learn by doing, then. Keep up if you can.

The Nacure of Trods

Here's the difference between trods and territories. Territories
have names, addresses and permanent allegiances; trods are vaga-
bonds who are never around when you want them and never where
you expect them to be. Oh, I've seen the so-called "transformation
holds" that the stay-at-homes claim constantly shift shape and
nature, but even these anomalies tend to stay in one place.

Trods are always on the move. That's the dream-meaning
of the Road that lies in the middle of the Realm of Scene,
halfway between the little places and the big ones. The Road
is always in motion — between the little and the big, between.

the specific and the general, between the familiar and the
strange.

You'll always be surprised by theopen road. Otherwise, you're
just walking, not really Wayfaring. Sound like a paradox? Good.

The CUayfarer's Cscheat

Stay on the Path

There are only two directions on the road: ahead and behind.
You came from behind, you're going ahead. Anything else is a
distraction that might take you off the road entirely, at which
pointyouare lost inall senses ofthe word. When you're lost, you're
entirely at the mercy of chance, which is not the best gamble.

Never Retrace Your Steps

You're ona journey. Go forward. Don't waste your time
looking over your shoulder or trying to change your mind. If
you come to a place you don't like, never try to erase the
intervening travel by turning around and going backward.
"Backward" isn't there any more. Keep moving.

Journeys are Different from Trips

You're walking the trod for a reason; otherwise, you're just a
tourist. Walking with a reason on a trod is a journey, and that
means everything around you is going to follow the laws of stories,
notthe laws of the mundane world. Every detail matters. Everyone
and everything you meet on the road is absolutely important to the
story. You have a choice: Either you're going to learn something
from them, or they're going to teach you something.

Journeys have Shapes

Don't shy away from adventure. Adventure is the price
you pay for traveling. If not for the strange (sometimes danger-
ous) people and situations you meet along the way, you'd be
better off staying home. You're on the road to get to somewhere
new, aren't you? How can you tell if you're somewhere new if
everything is familiar and safe?

Remember your Destination

Try to keep focus. Don't let the other trodwalkers teach
you any lessons about the dangers of distraction or imperfect
purpose. Stick to the Path; that's why it's there. Don't change
your mind and decide to go somewhere else when you're
halfway there. Get to where you're going first — then, if you
still want to go to the third place, start a new journey.

Time Disappears on the Road

Take your time. Don't rush — when you rush, you lose
sight not only of where you are, but also of where youare going.
You lose the path when you rush. Remember that time spent
on the road is a duration outside of normal time. When you're
in the dream of traveling, nothing in the fixed territories
matters.

Remember this: We can slow down now and then to smell
the dream-roses. We've made good enough time so far.

Trod QDascery

If you're a trodfarer, you're not only allowed to be crafty,
it's almost a professional obligation. People expect you to show
up where and when you're not expected. Your reputation

Chapcer Five: Hearch and Highway 99


depends on how consistently you can surprise your friends and
enemies. With that in mind, start experimenting with all the
ways you can play with trods, if you haven't already. As
examples:

Serying Descinacions
The shape of the road tells you something about the shape

Turcle Rock

Pilgrims to the city of Santa Fe often visit this

supernatural feature at the urging of the locals, none of

whom seems willing to tell how to get there. In fact,
when pressed, many New Mexican changelings say
they do not actually know how to find Turtle Rock.
Whether they are lying is one of the city's secrets.

If you reach Turtle Rock in the pifion highlands
northwest of the city, you find an enormous sandstone
knob set at the top of a dusty hill, with a dirt road that
winds past (and eventually reaches the faerie strong-
hold of "Little" Las Vegas, New Mexico). Turtle Rock
itself has weathered into the shape of a huge desert
tortoise, with a sandstone shell as big as a house and an
eyeless stone head (complete with cracked mouth) the
size of a car.

According to faerie lore, Turtle Rock is a living
place. From time to time, visitors have reported seeing
gatherings of tiny sand turtles around the site; the
nature of these gatherings (if real) is unknown. "Wil-
son" MacAchran, a New Mexican knight currently
employed by Mab of the Apple Kingdom, claims that
there isa special dance to Turtle Rock that can animate
the sandstone and bring the huge turtle to life. He also
claims that the turtle is cursed to spend most of its time
asleep in mineral form, until it is given new eyes.

There are a few stories of Turtle Rock awakening
on its own to greet extraordinary visitors. When such a
thing happens, the turtle apparently speaks to its visi-
tors for short periods ina basso voice like tired thunder,
discussing matters of importance to the desert and to
Faerie in general. According to the stories, the turtle is
very wise but slightly pedantic, and conversation with
it has given a number of famous changelings the key to
unraveling difficult problems.

It is said that the turtle yearns to be free, but all
attempts to discuss the curse with it have resulted in the
turtle growing sullen and breaking off conversation to
sulk. In fact, all recorded conversations with Turtle
Rock, save one, have ended in this way.

Similar animate mineral formations can be found
at the Baltic islet of Gaasiumaa, which is built on the
stone back of a cursed faerie whale; at L'Enigmé
d@Ourang-Outang in Madagascar; and elsewhere.

of where it leads. Trods share in the realm affinities of the
territories at their end and their beginning — in fact, you could
say thata trod is simply the process by which the affinities of the
beginning place are transmuted into the affinities of the desti-
nation through dream-logic. However, the important thing to
remember here is that the affinities of the destination territory
are always visible (if hidden) in the very first steps of the trod
that leads there.

Yes, this means that, with work and perception, you can
determine the sort of place a trod will take you to, before you
actually start down it. This ability is very handy when wandering
down unfamiliar roads — taking the wrong fork could lead you to
an ogre nest or the lair of some marrow eaters. Know what you are
getting into before you start down any path!

Sudvercing Locks

There is nothing more unnatural than a locked door.
Doors, by their very existence, imply passage, free travel and no
questions asked. Otherwise, they'd be walls, now, wouldn't
they? Unfortunately, the Dreaming (excluding Arcadia) is an
imperfect place, and there are individuals who would lock
various trods against you for their own selfish reasons. I'm sure
you've met the guardian beasts that freehold "owners" have
sent out onto the trods to patrol and keep undesirable types
from making a mess. You've done the riddle contests, played
the chess games with empty suits of armor, and figured out the
passwords, and hedge mazes and all that other stuff. Maybe
you've picked fights with the chimerical creatures, or maybe
you've distracted them in some other way while you slipped
past.

The most important thing to remember is a very simple
truth: The guardians are all part of the Dreaming, which means
they can belong to you as easily as they now belong to whom-
ever dropped them on the road to begin with. If you can find a
way to communicate with them, not as an adversary but as a
sympathetic listener and possible friend, you may be able to win
them over to your side of things. Once that's accomplished, it's
easy for you to slip by them without going through all the time-
consuming password checks and challenges.

Or, if you make an especially close friend of the guardian,
you can then ask it to watch the road for you, even to keep your
enemies from following you. It's okay when we drop guards and
wards on the roads — it's usually to discourage or confuse
pursuit, not to guard our pitiful little freeholder treasures.

How do you make friends with guardians? Dumb creatures
always like food, and smarter ones (particularly the more intensely
fae) tend to feel the same way about sugar. If there is any chance
that the guardian can understand you, make an effort to be kind to
it. Ask it how it is feeling. Compliment it on whatever you think
it might feel proud of. Above all, understand that it is not your
enemy, only achimerical freehold dweller doinga job. Yourenemy
(if any) is the person who is trying to block your progress by
dropping this poor thing or beast or person on the road.

Also, be aware that many guardians serve out of love. Most
of these creatures are affiliated with decent, honorable free-
holders who just happen to have enemies (which may or may
not include you personally). Not only is it difficult to subvert

Sars 100 Dreams and Nighcmares
KARP = == >> > >- >= = > ~- —

"Pa '


The Rainscorms Cdge

This transient phenomenon occurs at the precise
boundary of all rainstorms, at the point where you can
stand with your hands extended before you and have
raindrops falling on one hand while the other is still
dry. Standing within the Rainstorm's Edge produces
feelings of great exaltation and renewal in changelings,
feeds Glamour and alleviates Banality. Sky magics and
seemings are rejuvenated here; certain wistful wilders
walk the Rainstorm's Edge continually in order to
retain their youthful freshness.

In certain tales of changeling heroes, there are hints
that all rainstorms are connected at their edges, so that it
is possible for fae with enough knowledge of sky magic to
travel from one rainstorm to any other rainstorm on earth
by "skating" the edges. There are also accounts of chimeri-
cal creatures who make the terminator between rain and
sun their homes, and of certain hidden glens that are
accessible only from this place.

this sort of guardian, but it is valid to question why you would
want to be harassing this sort of frecholder anyway. If you
encounter one of these loyal, deeply devoted guardians, it
might be easier simply to explain yourself and wait for clear-
ance from the freehold itself.

On the other hand, guardians who are unlucky enough to be
affiliated with self-centered, mean-spirited freeholders tend to
hate their duties; such guardians are easily subverted. Many are
enslaved and are just as unhappy to be stuck on a trod as you are
tosee them there. In these cases, you might pick up a valuable ally
for the road by befriending or freeing said pitiful creature.

Shorccucs

Most major trods fray slightly along their margins, resulting in
a chaotic system of subpaths and meandering trails that loop
around and connect back to the main trodway at other points.
Learn how to recognize these trails and use them tactically to evade
pursuit or slip around impassable blocks. Be careful, though —
most of these trails are (if briefly) not on the Silver Path, and
should be explored only with great care (or desperation). Some
have been known to fade out, becoming dead ends in the trackless
Deep Dreaming. Others connect back up to completely different
trods, enabling either impressive escapes or ominous wandering
about, lost in the Dream.

Traildlazing

With true trod mastery, it is possible to carve new associa-
tional paths through the Dreaming. Such expertise requires great
sacrifices and questing, though, and is very dangerous. If youneed
to know how to make new trods, odds are you are in trouble

anyway, so I'm not going to make your trouble worse — besides,
there's really no rigid method. You simply tie yourself to something
stable (like a freehold), step onto a trod and then step off the path
into the Dreaming itself. Then defeat all obstacles until you get
where you're going. Easy, right?

Trailrazing

Likewise, by attacking the Silver Path itself, it is possible
to snap a trod and render it dead, useless for safe travel. The
trod then proceeds, gradually, to atrophy from the breakage
point, rotting away as it reverts to primeval Dreamstuff.

Needless to say, I don't look too kindly on this sort of
thing. If you ever do it, you'd better have a damn good reason.
The last time it was done with any seriousness was during the
Reverse Sycamore Walking, when we westerlings erased the
nunnehi "sideways trods" five hundred years ago. It's not
something I'm proud of.

Life on che Crossroad

Some people live on the trods, you know. Not to say that
everyone on the road is like the settled territory dwellers, living
in their houses and staying in one place. We're still vagabonds;
besides, it wouldn't exactly be the road then — it'd be tame
territory!

Instead, some among us spend our vagabond lives wander-
ing up one trod and down another, like childlings tracing the
corners of a pane of stained glass. Most of these wanderers,
oddly enough, are we Eshu. This is our true home, here in the
changeable landscape under the changeable sky. We were born
to take the messages from one road to another, to look in all
directions with the same enthusiasm, to own only what we love
enough to carry on our backs.

Of course, we have our markets and trodside inns, open to any
wanderer, no matter where they come from or who they are. There's
a hospitality on the road that, to some extent, has been lost in the
tame territories. We do have our cads and bandits, but they're easy
enough to avoid, when you truly know the road, and they're rarely
wicked enough to abuse their fellow vagabonds. Most of their crimes
are committed against hapless freeholder tourists, who tend to
deserve what they get.

The Arcadian Roads

There are few absolute statements that are always true in
the Dreaming. One of the most absolute of them is this: If it's
still possible to reach Arcadia, no one remembers how. The
oldest among us remember where the Arcadian roads once lay,
but they are either sealed in various impenetrable ways or else
simply no longer exist. We are truly exiled.

Still, we are nothing if not a curious people, and we have
made our own studies of the locks and seals barring our way
back down the Arcadian trods. The most common of them is
probably the one called the "Arcadian Knot," where the Silver
Path curves back in on itself to form a region of increasingly


Z ee

Oreos Pach =]

A feat of portable trodwork, Orfeo's Path can be
called into being anywhere by any changeling who has
learned the proper techniques. Essentially, the would-
be trodwalker scatters eggshells on the ground before
her and begins walking, taking care not to step down
too hard and crush the fragile shells. This procedure
requires a certain degree of concentration and dexter-
ity; however, once the trail has been forged in this
way, the trodwalker's companions may follow without
fear of breaking the shells (or the magic). For arcane
dream-logic reasons, the trail of shells partakes in the
nature of the Silver Path, and whoever walks it need
not fear unprovoked attack by nightmares.

On the other hand, if the trodwalker herself
breaks the eggshells underfoot, the trod comes to a
dead end. The Dreaming seems to ensure that this
failure strands the trodwalker in some dangerous situ-
ation (lost in a snowstorm, poised on the edge of a
sheer cliff, menaced by cannibal monsters), but the
Path can again be called back into existence, once the
immediate danger is dealt with.

Le

CY

VY

elaborate knotwork. The Cat in the Cradle tells me that the
Knot is the same pattern as both the Seal of Arcadia and the
Labyrinth of Irrgarten, but the information, while fascinating,
isn't terribly useful. The crucial thing about the Knot is that it
tangles any andall trods that lead into it, thus confusing anyone
who tries to walk the trods into the Knot and leading the
traveler to unexpected destinations.

Most of the Arcadian roads sealed by the Knot are fresher
ones that saw the most casual traffic, even in the pre-Shattering
days. The older, crumblier trods often still have their original
guardian beasts barring the way, just as they did when such
trods actually led somewhere. Now, though, the guardians
never respond to any of the old trials or riddle-tests or even
violence — where once they waited for wayfarers to perform
the correct procedure or give the right response, they now
ignore us completely. They are blind and deaf to everything we
do, as if they had been turned to stone.

The annoying thing is that they bar trod passage just as
effectively, now that they're immobile. There's no getting
around them without losing the Path, which means disaster, or
at least distraction, in the farward wilds of the Dreaming. Some
of my comrades have reported other variations on the Arcadian
seal, including such things as riddle-locks with no answer,
uncrossable chasms and the rather standard walls of impassable
substance (eternal fire, poisoned thorns, raven's teeth). For me,
though, the saddest of all the reminders that Arcadia is gone is
all the empty spaces in the Dreaming through which the roads

102

Dreams and Nightmares

a

Wenge

Wo = — —— — ge pan gore gon

that vanished used to run. When the Arcadian trods withdrew
from the Dreaming, they left vacant holes in the world. If you
look, you can still see the holes.

The Silver Road

The Silver Road, the only one of Arcadia's Royal Roads to
survive the Sundering, bent and reconfigured with the es-
trangement of the worlds. It is now peculiar, even among trods,
because where it formerly led to Arcadia, it no longer leads
anywhere; it only twists and loops around all the other faerie
roads. Does this mean that the Silver now leads nowhere, or
everywhere? To my knowledge, nobody has succeeded in walk-
ing the Silver itself since the Resurgence; instead, we watch the
Silver while we're walking our own road and use the former not
as a road but as a road sign. Perhaps there's a clue in that.

Anyway, the Silver points the way to wherever you're going.
When you see it woven into the trod you're on, that means you're
on the right track. The presence of the Silver — whether in the
form of an actual silver-brick road, or of silver ribbons woven into
the roadside trees or a pillar of silver cloud — indicates that your
journey will follow all the rules of Dan and the Story. It will be
Glamourously fulfilling, magically right. The Silver indicates that
the pointless, the boring and the gratuitously hurtful will be kept
outside the shape of your journey. Perhaps it actively keeps them
away; perhaps it only serves as a token and a sign. We've lost so
much of the old trodlore.

Of course, bad things can still happen to you within sight
of the Silver Path, but they'll be of your own fault and making.
The Silver only enforces the logic of Story along its length, it
doesn't make everything on it perfectly utopian. If it did, it
would still lead to Arcadia, wouldn't it? No, you can still get
hurt on the Path, but you can at least relax a bit, with the

The San Buenaventura

The great lost dream-river of western Concordia,
the San Buenaventura, was destroyed at the beginning
of the Accordance War, when Dafyll marched against
the rebellious commoner peoples of Pacifica. In former
times, it was the best and quickest path across the
desert wastes that lie between the Grass Kingdom and
Pacifica, and it allowed easy trade and travel between
the realms. The San Buenaventura was a legend even
among changelings for its deep, sea-blue waters, which
had the ability to undo the ill effects of curses and other
hurtful magic. In days past, the dream-river could be
followed either downstream, across the Wastes, or
upstream, to Arcadia.

The San Buenaventura withdrew from the Earth
when Dafyll, out of spite, cursed it shortly after the
retreat of the Rocky Mountain Columbine Kingdom.
Now that it is gone, the wastes have grown larger and
stranger, not to mention more dangerous.


knowledge that anything truly threatening to you will be, at
least in some part, your own fault. These monsters will have to
wait for a show of weak resolve or secret guilt from you before
they can hurt you. The traps will wait courteously for you to
trigger them before slowing or stopping your progress between
Here and There.

Off the Silver, of course, nothing is obliged to make sense.
The world gets very deep into the Dream very quickly, with
common sense melting like sugar in the rain. The solid shape of
things breaks loose and becomes wild out there, and anything can
happen at any time. The deepest of the deepingward realms are all
like this, in their own ways— the Milderwood, the stark fastnesses
of Chakravada, and especially the tidal ebb and swell of the Sea of
Dreams itself. Without the obvious presence of the Silver, the
older, stranger laws of the world keep their old preeminence. This
is part of the reason the fomorians are so dangerous: Their fate is
not ours, and their story does not play by our rules.

The QDurphy Tunnels

Recently, a boggan in Baltimore discovered a trap-
door set in the floor of her Murphy bed closet. The door
appeared to be locked from the other side, but she
managed to pry the door open and explore a small
portion of the apparently limitless system of ducts and
crawlspaces behind it. When she found another door
and emerged in another Murphy closet in a building a
few blocks away, she became understandably disturbed.
Since then, similar trapdoors have been found in Murphy
closets in major cities across North America, with un-
derground tunnels running even between cities.

Highly placed nockers within the Murphy company
have been slow in answering correspondence asking
about these doors and the tunnels beyond. They have,
however, categorically refused to make the Murphy bed
specifications public, and the patents have "mysteri-
ously" disappeared from the U.S. archives. The nature
and purpose of these tunnels remains unknown.



——E

ine

oe

Dit

Bis

Creacures of Dream

This chapter explores the nature of Dreamstuff. For Story-
tellers, there isa chimerical bestiary for instant antagonists, as well
asa guide for creating realms with believable physical feel to them.
Even Dream Realms spawned by insane minds or Nightmare
Realms have their own logic. This chapter provides a schematic
for considering the physical properties of the fantastic.

For players, this chapter is a guide for collecting Dreamstuff:
where you might find it, how to collect it, and its various uses, as
well as some of its possible dangers for the unwary. Nothing in the
Dreaming is "set in stone," however, and Storytellers should feel
free to change the following guidelines any way they see fit.

DreamscufF

Dreamstuff is the basic element of all chimera. It is tangible
and impinges on all senses, yet is difficult to describe; this
substance is the building material for everything found in the
Dreaming.

No one really knows how Dreamstuff originated; some
seers in the Crystal Circle speculate that it came about when
the first mages became Aware, while many mages suggest that
the Dreaming is a mere offshoot of an area they call the Umbra.
Suffice it to say that the 'stuff is out there, and in the right
hands can be used to Craft or Forge sentient and nonsentient
chimera and chimerical objects.

Incidencal and Dreamed

Incidental Dreamstuff comprises the bulk of objects, re-
sources and creatures in the Dreaming. Refined out of the

Vil

oe

Sal

sa

realm's indigenous chimerical materials, this 'stuff appears
fine, sparkling, multicolored mist, similar to the iridescenc:
a butterfly's wing. Free-floating incidental 'stuff, sometimes
called sleepy-dust by nockers, is so fine that mass quantities of
it are airborne in some places.

on

Exactly how the 'dust composes chimera is a mystery.
Something in the nature of dreams attracts the dust like iron filings
toa magnet. These particles form and coalesce into the voile of a
changeling undergoing Chrysalis, or into incidental chimera from
a mortal Dreamer's unconscious desires. In mundane areas where
changelings undergo Chrysalis or Bedlam, the dust moves about in
an agitated state. There is a brief flash just before the dust merges
intoa chimera. In areas empty of Dreamers or filled with Autumn
People, the dust is sluggish and sparkles less.

Items Crafted or Forged of Incidental Dreamstuff quickly
wear out and easily break, as the material is unable to maintain
cohesion in its new form. These items also cannot possess redes.
Attempts to Forge Incidental stuff often end in frustration.
Boggans and nockers like to use Incidental 'stuff for building
project models because it is easier to find, but rarely do they
make an object with a practical use from this material.

CraFced and Forged

Dreamstuff is present as usable material in a precious few
sentient and nonsentient chimera and chimerical resources. These
resources and creatures always have a special or unique quality that
setsthemapart from otherchimera. Anash tree withsuch Dreamstuff,
good for making stout longbows, say, might be in the exact center of
aforestand have asmall, silvery cloud overit, raininga gentleshower
onto this tree alone. A chimerical rabbit might have unusual eyes or

Chapcer Six: Dangers of che Dreaming


fur,and metal with Dreamstuffhasan iridescent sheen. Changelings
can detect Dreamstuff in chimera by careful observation (Percep-
tion + Kenning, difficulty 4: see Appendix).

Recognizing the 'stuff in materials is only a first step. Recep-
tacles of this powerful material are seldom unattended. Although
other chimera cannot actually see it, they do sense the potential
power of the material and are compelled to guard it against any
interlopers. Over time, the guardians themselves become recep-
tacles, as residue of the 'stuff sifts into their systems. This 'stuff
increases the potency of Glamour within the guardian, making
him stronger or imbuing him with unusual redes. This phenom-
enonis the reason guardians of Dreamstuff are often more powerful
than typical members of their race. The body-parts of guardians are
also good resources for Dreamstuff.

Once any guardians are defeated, the Dreamstuff is ready to
harvest. Before harvesting, a changeling must understand certain
tules of thumb about the properties of Dreamstuff materials:
Sympathy materials are ones that possess abilities similar to the
desired function of the finished, Forged chimera. The hide of a
giant chameleon, for example, is similar in function to a cloak
Crafted with the Hide rede, and would serve well as one of the
materials for such acloak. Sympathetic materials have an intuitive
connection to their desired Crafting. The Japanese fae hero Susa-
no-o, for example, obtained some material fora sword from the tail
of a dragon that he slew. He Forged the sword to be quick and
dexterous;and in combat, the sword, indeed, moved like a dragon's
thrashing tail. Dragons are also well-armored, and he could also
have used the scales as material in Crafting armor.

The rule of Sympathy is intuitive, not rational. For in-
stance, a nocker wishing to create a mechanical gate-watcher
might use the eyes from a chimerical owl as part of the
guardian's eyes, rather than chimerical diamonds, as diamonds
are less "watchful" (but he might also use the diamonds as the
base element: see the Rule of Three, below).

Scarcity

The harder an object is to find, the more usable Dreamstuff
there is in it. The body-parts of the Questing Beast would be an
incredible resource for Forging chimera, as there is only one
Questing Beast, and no one has ever seen it or caught it.
Conjunction, or Harvest-Time, Dreamstuff is more potent
when harvested at certain times of the year. The best harvests
depend upon the material and its intended use, as well as the fae
doing the harvesting. A sluagh harvesting chimerical night-
shade during Samhain would get far more potent Dreamstuff
than if she were to harvest iton March 27th, for example. Also,
the nightshade would be less potent if it were harvested by a
nunnehi, as Samhain is not as importanta holiday for these fae.

The Rule of Three

Every rede stored into a Crafted or Forged chimera requires
three materials: a base element and two supporting elements. The
base element is the primary material from which the chimera is
composed: The base element of a bow is wood (what kind of wood
depends upon its Sympathy to its redes), and the base element of


a golem is usually metal, clay, or wood. Only three elements are
necessary per rede, even if there are multiple types or levels of rede.
A chimera with Physical and Social Attributes, for example, still
needs only three Sympathetic elements, no matter how many
levels of Strength or Charisma it has. If the creator also wanted her
chimera to be able to fly, she would need three more materials for
flight. Some of the elements in a chimera can satisfy more than one
rede, especially if an element could be Sympathetic to more than
one rede. For instance, a boggan could use a hummingbird wing as
one material in both a flight rede and to purchase Dexterity, since
a hummingbird is fast. However, there needs to be a separate base
element for each rede; base elements cannot also be supporting
elements, and vice versa.

CDechods of Collecting CDacerials

The ways of collecting Dreamstuff in materials resemble
the ways mortals collect any resource, except that a bit more
ceremony is involved. Nunnehi, for example, always forgive
the spirits of animals and plants that they harvest, and they
almost never Forge sentient chimera. Nockers and boggans
often say a little ritual over plants or materials they collect for
Forging. They believe that this act increases the potency of the
Dreamstuff. This could be mere tradition, or it could be part of
the reason they are so good at Crafting. Nockers and boggans

Sencienc Chimera

As Raw CDacerials

Kithain who wish to use sentient chimera in creat-
ing Forged items still need to follow the rules of thumb
above, but each part of a creature counts as a separate
element. The scales, bones, teeth, eyes and claws of a
dragon all countas separate, potent elements. Ifanocker
could either deceive or force a dragon to be Forged as. a
chimerical (and probably cursed) sword, she would have
a powerful item on her hands.

In Crafting and Forging sentient chimera, pay
particular attention to the rule of Sympathy: the
abilities and body-parts of the sentient chimera should
correspond to the desired abilities of the final prod-
uct. Any sentient chimera forced into a Crafted or
Forged form not Sympathetic to its original function
is considered an Incidental chimera. Plato the Ba-
nana Slug of Terebintha freehold, for example, would
not be very good as Forged chimerical Boots of Light-
ning Speed, as giant banana slugs are not known for
their amazing fleetness. A short-sighted nocker who
tried to force Plato into becoming these boots would
wind up with nonfunctional footwear guaranteed to
crack and peel apart as she tried to use them. If,
however, the nocker Forged Plato into the Slimy
Tennis Shoes of Moonwalking, that would be an-
other matter entirely.

are tight-lipped about this ritual: They consider ita trade secret
and get edgy if others even know about it.

This little ritual aside, anyone with an understanding of ‘stuff
and access to it can collect the raw material, which comes from
various animals and plants, or even the ground and air. Boggans in
the Dreaming are often hard at work panning the rivers for
chimerical gold, as this material has many Sympathetic uses and
they like to use it for jewelry-making. Silver and other precious
metals can be mined in much the same manner as in the mundane
world; in fact, a few realms have so much available raw material
that it is easy to harvest, and mining it is not necessary.

These "motherlode" realms of Dreamstuff are much sought
after, and nockers and boggans usually pay well for news of such
places. Descriptions of realms with flowing rivers of gold or plains
covered by giant, slow-moving, silver-plated armadillos are usually
enough to get the eager attention of any nockers and boggans
within earshot. These realms are notas plentiful as they used to be,
and journeying to them becomes something of a full-scale quest.

Any materials thatcan be found in the mundane world—and
lots that can't — are available in the Dreaming. Again, how
available depends upon each individual realm. Some realms teem
with unicorns and precious gems, while others are barely distin-
guishable from the surface of the moon. One material that is hard
to find anywhere in the Dreaming is chimerical iron. This sub-
stance, spun from the dreams of iron, is usually found in short
supply and in areas with many guardians. It is highly sought after
by boggans and nockers for its tensile strength: It is the hardest
chimerical metal, harder than chimerical silver (the material most
commonly used for chimerical weapons).

Unfortunately, chimerical iron is associated with dreams of
violence and strife, and the guardians around it tend to be the
deadliest of all. Also, the effects of chimerical iron on fae are
vaguely similar to its mundane counterpart: While it does not
confer Banality, it does cause some discomfort in contact with
Kithain flesh, and cantrips are harder to use (+1 difficulty) with
chimerical iron around. Thus, there are few Forged iron breast-
plates. Nockers have traditionally used chimerical iron to create
iron golems. These nonsentient chimera have skin harder than
diamond andare notably resistant to assault by Arts. Trouble arises
from the few golems who become sentient, however.

The biggest source of frustration for nockers and other kith
gathering Dreamstuffin the Dreaming isa substance called Foolstuff.
To all appearances, this material looks and acts like any other
resource. Some tests reveal Foolstuff for what it is (Dream-Craft
Level 2, 3 successes needed, with Fae 4+ Realm necessary), as can
Dreaming-savvy nockers (Dream-Lore + Perception, difficulty 8,
6 successes needed; a botch signifies that the nocker believes the
substance to be Dreamstuff). Kithain who are taken in can use
Foolstuff to make chimera with no immediate ill effects. Like a
creeping, growing crack in a fine glass window, however, the
chimera gradually starts to change. The changes are subtle, per-
haps even benign or whimsical, at first. Perhaps armor changes its
color, ora gate grows a huge nose. Over time, the changes manifest
like a runaway virus in the blood: The chimera may grow to
gigantic proportions and run amok, it may turn intoa nervosa from


Ry

a
oun

Gi

1S

ESS)

cy

Gy,

TR

the maker's psyche, or it may develop a fiendish intelligence and _ demands the valuables in exchange for safe passage.

scheme with other chimerical allies against its creator. An adventurer who manages to get the Dreamstuff home
A changeling who follows the general rules of thumb for __ safely still must Craft the material. A forge or workshop is the

harvesting and is wary of Foolstuff needs to worry only about

getting the Dreamstuff out of the Dreaming, unless she plans to

build her chimera at a safe place within the Dreaming, such as

a freehold, Many entrepreneurial fe make‘use of cantrips or Volume of Dreamscutf

treasures that transport large volumes of material quickly or The Storyteller judges the amount of Dreamstuff
shorten distances (such as Wayfare). Cantrips that disguise the necessary for creating chimera. Who wants to spend
material in transport are highly useful against thieves. Failing game-time figuring out how many ounces of chimerical
any of these measures, the procurer of Dreamstuff either en- silver ore they need to make a chimerical mirror?
gages the services of chimerical pack-animals or the strong However, apply common sense: a character wanting to

backs of his own motley. Some unscrupulous Unseelie boggans |} make an army of iron golems is not going to get enough
do not bother with the hazardous collection of Dreamstuff from chimerical iron from one quick jaunt to the Iron-mine
realms, but rather lie in wait with their motley alongside a Realm, no matter how potent the chimerical iron there.
Silver Path that leads to such a realm. Some Unseelie boggans Also, some of the Dreamstuff may be damaged in its
offer maps, chimerical back-beasts and guides near motherlode extraction. Suppose the characters decide they wish to
realms, all at inflated prices. A harvester who manages to kill a giant sea-turtle to use its shell in the making of a
overcome the guardians and win her booty then finds a very boat. In the ensuing melee, they hack the turtle to bits.
unpleasant reception outside the realm, as the "guide" signals Is there enough shell left to create a boat? Only the
the motley whenever the adventurer finds anything valuable. Storyteller knows for sure.

The motley ambushes the adventurer outside the Realm and

Dreams and Nightmares

usual site for a Crafting, but it depends upon the nature of the
fae's work and the type of chimera to be Forged. A chimerical
castle, for instance, would probably start with a stoneworks and
forge, while a creator of chimerical mirrors would utilize a
glassworks and require lots of Dreamstuff from silver.

Beaszs of the Dreaming

The Ecology of che Dream
Realms

Even dragons have to eat. No matter how fantastic the
realm, its denizens are bound by rules. Even in realms where
gravity is nonexistent and the inhabitants regularly turn them-
selves inside-out like gloves, there are still physical properties
that govern all inhabitants. This is true even of some Night-
mare Realms, where the governing physical law may be that all
physical laws change.

The Storyteller designing a Dream Realm needs to consider
questions such as: What do its inhabitants eat? If the nature of the
Realm is wildly different from our mundane reality, for example,
how does that affect seemingly unrelated elements? In the King-
dom of the Clouds, how do the inhabitants get their drinking
water? Do they have the water piped up from the surface, miles
below, or do they have airships that ferry up the water? Perhaps
they use furnaces that heat the clouds into liquid water, which they
decant into containers? Maybe they don't need to worry about
drinking water, as they have skin that can absorb water vapor. Is
that the reason their skin is translucent, with their veins and
arteries all visible near the surface?

A little extra thought about the physical nature of fantas-
tic reality goes.a long way to building a realm with a "solid" feel.
All of the Dreaming's denizens are living creatures, even the
ones who don't have a physical form.

Plants could also play a major part in a story, beyond just
backdrops. While trees and bushes are mostly used for scenery and
setting the mood, a truly imaginative story could revolve around
plants as either protagonists or antagonists. Suppose a town of
chimera lived among the branches of a gigantic golden oak. These
chimera, called icaroi, formed from the human desire to fly. They
look like hybrids of crows and lizards, with human heads and
butterfly wings. They are (somewhat) intelligent, and speak with
high, chittery, annoying voices. They are aggressive with each
other and fight over favored nectar sites on the tree.

Lately, the tree's branches have animated and attack any
icaroi who try to feed. Why? Could it be that the tree has "had
enough and can't take it any more?" Perhaps it is because of the
duplicity of the wyrmlings, the chimera underground who
whisper dark, malefic rumors to the tree. Oris the tree possessed
by a blight spirit? Suppose it is a combination of all of these
things: How do the players resolve this situation, short of
killing the tree (a cure that would be worse than the disease)?

Plant varieties are also an important, often neglected, factor
in any setting. Sure, it's simple to describe different trees as tall or
bushlike, coniferous or deciduous, but the finer details are impor-

tant, too. What are the differences between an oak forest and a
redwood forest? Among redwoods, one feels awe at the grandeur of
the trees. What kind of tree would evoke melancholy? What about
humor, or frustration (the Frustrated Forest)? What are the prin-
cipal shades of color one might see upon entering the Forest of
Hate? Or, to turn the idea around and use color as the evoking
agent: What is the primary emotion of the Crimson Wood? What
lives there, and why is it crimson?

Animals in che Dreaming

The Dreaming is populated by animals and creatures sprung
from the mindsets of cultures and individuals. The medieval idea of
animals, for example, held that each beast embodied a particular
virtue or vice of human behavior. Tigers represent jealousy, el-
ephants are symbols of chastity, eagles possess integrity, etc. Some of
these animal chimera bear only a superficial resemblance to their
mundane "counterparts." Thisdichotomy is what makes the Dream-
ing (especially the Far and Deep Dreaming) so dangerous. Animals
simply are not always what they seem here. The medieval panther
chimera, or "Pard," for example, is a gentle beast that has a breath
with the sweetest scent. All animals (except the dragon, which fears
the breath of the Pard) in the vicinity are "charmed" by these
exhalations and unable to do anything except follow the Pard
wherever it may lead (How would this charm affect pooka in animal
form?). Characters traveling without a thorough understanding of
the realm are in fora few nasty surprises. Dream-craft cantrips could
provide some insight, but the Art doesnot supply all the answers. To

A storyteller should not ignore the common
flora and fauna in a Dreaming chronicle set in an
otherwise ethereal realm, as they can also make for
interesting antagonists. It is beyond the scope of this
book to provide an exhaustive list of chimerical
animals to populate all of your Dream Realms. Books
about animals and symbolism are also good resources,
but be careful to establish a consistency for all of the
denizens of a Dream Realm, unless it is a chaotic
Nightmare Realm.

complicate things, chimera are changeable creatures: it's their
nature. Some change when succeeding generations dream different
attributes (the unicorn isa prime example: always tripping over that
20-yard horn during the Middle Ages). Some chimeraare adaptable
and change of their own volition.

Dragons

Some say that dragons began as the racial memories of
humanity's mammalian ancestors' encounters with dinosaurs,
made flesh in the Dreaming. This origin might explain why

<S
Sees

YAN dragons have changed as the human brain and society evolved.
Na

Nearly every culture in human society has dragons in its Dream
Realms. Of course, they also have their dragon-hunters. In
recent times, chimerical dragons are smaller than they used to
be, and the older ones are either dead or sleeping in the deepest
cave-realms of the Dreaming. The sightings of larger dragons
are few in modern times, even in areas of the Far Dreaming.

Dragons would almost be an endangered species, were it
not for the dreams inspired by movies and animations. Even so,
it is surprising how little chimerical dragons have changed in
the past 200 years.

The dragons of the East and West are fundamentally
different and have variant dispositions, powers and forms.

Weszern Dragons

Western dragons come in three varieties: wurms, demi-
dragons and dragons proper. Generally (but not always), these
classes refer to their ascending order of cunning and intellect, as
well as body-types. Wurms are wingless and legless; often, they
breathe poisonous vapor or are covered in slime. They usually
satisfy themselves by killing livestock, but they will eat anything
that gets too close. Demi-dragons are smarter, have two legs and
(usually) :a:pairof wings: People transformed into dragonsioften
assume this shape. Demai-dragons; when fully grown, tially dise
dair'sineple livestock and often think of foe ax-a'good meal, A

wyvern is an example of a demi-dragon. Dragons proper are the
four-legged, fire-breathing, sit-on-a-treasure-pile-and-terrorize-
maidens type we usually consider when we think of dragons. These
dragons are the most dangerous and cunning of the breed, but they
tend to get sluggish and sleep a lot when they get older. Note that
there are exceptions to the classes above. The Midgard Serpent, for
example, was so large that no one could see all of its body, and it
was able to stretch around the world and bite its own tailon the few
occasions it sneaked out of the Dreaming. Some dragons possess
unusual forms and powers, such as the Amerindian Weewilmekg,
agiant, sluglike wurm with rows of teeth and a powerful, parasitic
sucker for a mouth; or the Garguille, a wurm that expelled a tidal
flood of water from its gullet to drown its victims.

Attributes: These Attributes are for adult dragons. Very
old or very young dragons need their stats adjusted accordingly.

(urm

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6, Perception
2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Glamour: 8, Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK(x3), -1(x3), -2(x3), -5(x4)

Attack: Bite/8 dice, Constrict/5 dice

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Stealth 3 (in
water or covering)

Redes: Armor (3 points), Gulp, Healing (sometimes),
Venom

Demi-Dragon

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Glamour: 9, Willpower: 7

Health Levels: OK(x4), -1(x4), -2(x4), -5(x4)

Attack: Bite/5 dice, Claw/6 dice, Tail/4 dice (opponents
from the rear, or if the demi-dragon is aloft)

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Dream-Lore 2, Treasure-Lore 4 (information on its own hoard)

Redes: Armor (4 points), Breath, Flight, Glamour Pact,
Scuttle (2 levels)

Dragon

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma
3, Manipulation 5, Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Glamour: 10, Willpower: 10

Health Levels: OK(x5), -1(x5), -2(x6), -5(x5)

Attack: Bite/6 dice, Claw/6 dice, Tail/3 dice (opponents
from the rear, or if the dragon is aloft)

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 3,
Dream-Lore 4, Enigmas 5, Intimidation 3, Kenning 4, Mage-
Lore 3, Treasure-Lore 5

Redes: Armor (4 points), Breath, Befuddle (victim must look
into dragon's eyes), Enchantment, Fear, Flight, Glamour Pact,
Gulp (A few of the oldest dragons have Archetype: 2 levels)
Banes: Vulnerable Spot


Cascern Dragons

When the inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom first looked up
and saw rain fall from the sky or the waters of the ocean crash
against the coastal shelf, into their dreams flew divine beings
responsible for these aspects of nature. In such dreams, the Chinese
dragons took form. The Dreamers imagined the dragons with such
loving detail that these chimera can still occasionally break
through the curtain of Banality to manifest before humans. In-
deed, in the distant past, eastern dragons took human mates, and
many fae can claim their descent from these chimera.

As befits a being of divine nature, a Chinese dragon takes 3,000
years to mature fully from its large, gemlike egg. A classic adult
Chinese dragon has the head ofa camel, a demons eyes, stag-horns,
asnakelike neck, and the belly ofa clam. It has four feet like a tiger's,
but with eagle-claws. The oldest have wings, but all can fly.

There are many kinds of eastern dragon, from the ocean-
dwelling wang lung, or fire dragon, to the six-legged, two-
bodied t'ao t'ieh, whose huge, gluttonous appetites put western
dragons to shame. Listed below is the classic kioh-lung, or adult
Chinese dragon.

Again, these beings were treated as celestial divinities.
While they could occasionally be malevolent, they hardly fit
the same bill as the solitary western maiden-eating monster.
Many kioh-lung live in cloud palaces, complete with a huge
temple and a village of loyal worshipers. Treasure-seeking
adventurers are likely to get more than they bargained for if

they tangle with these beings. While they are not generally
fond of western fae or nunnehi, kioh-lung recognize respect
when it is given and protect honorable eastern fae with a
vengeance, as some of these fae likely are their descendants.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 8, Stamina 4, Charisma 6,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Glamour: 10, Willpower: 9

Health Levels: OK(x4), -1(x4), -2(x4), -5(x5)

Attack: Bite/7 dice, Claw/5 dice, Tail/4 dice

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Dream-Lore 4, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 2, Intimidation 3, Kenning
3, Leadership 4, Lore (Chinese) 6

Redes: Armor (4 points), Dreamform (can become solid at
will; costs 3 Glamour to shift between solid and Dreamform),
Enchantment, Flight, Glamour Pact, Gulp, Shape Shift (most
often humans; dragon must be in solid form when shapeshifting)

Beasties
Hyorids

Creatures possessing physical attributes of animals and hu-
mans or several different animals are collectively called hybrids.
There are some very old hybrid races, some of them formed from
dreams involving the taboo of matings between humans and
animals. Centaurs, harpies and the lamia are all hybrids.


In general, hybrids are more bestial than human, Controlled
by their bestial instincts, even human hybrids are rarely in the
mood to talk. The animal hybrids, especially the chimaera, are
extremely ferocious, and they communicate only if they are able
and if there is reason to do so.

Hybrids are also created through the tender ministrations of
enchanters (see below). These "artificial" hybrids are the most
dangerous of all, because they usually have been forced into their
present state and are not happy about it. Chimaera originally were
artificial hybrids who adapted to some realms in the Far Dreaming.
Obviously, there are infinite possibilities for hybrid-creation. The
body-parts of any two or more creatures could make a hybrid. Some
of these hybrids are not viable and do not last long in the Dreaming.
In creating a hybrid, Storytellers should give thought to what is
considered the "bestial nature" of the animal(s) composing the
hybrid. For example, a hybrid with the body of a man and the head
of an asp will be incredibly fast —and cunning. While this hybrid's
goal may be tohave one of the characters for lunch, it would probably
employ deception before it tried open assault. It might attempt to
convince the characters that it is a victim of some evil sorcery, and
that, tocure the curse, it needs. a magical gemat the bottom ofa well.
Would the characters please help (heh heh heh)?

Some hybrids are social creatures, in spite of their bestial
proclivities. Even though they constantly argue and brawl among
themselves, the centaurs tend to stick together. Again, the mea-
sure of their sociability is dependent upon their animal natures
(hybrid bee-types are really tight, but hybrid scorpions attack each
other on sight). Some hybrids are sterile and unable to reproduce.

Recognizing the animal natures of satyrs and pooka, many
hybrids (especially centaurs) are more kindly disposed toward
these Kithain "brethren" (-1 to -2 difficulty on all Social actions).

Storytellers could also play an interesting "bait-and-switch"
with the players by introducing hybrids that closely resemble a
type of shapeshifter, and then watch suppositions fly apart
when a real shapeshifter enters the story.

Hybrid creation is the same as that for any other chimera.
There are certain basic similarities, however:

Attributes: Strength 2-4, Dexterity 2-4, Stamina 3-4,
Charisma 0-1, Manipulation 0-3, Appearance 0-2, Perception
1-3, Intelligence 0-3, Wits 2-4

Glamour: 5-6, Willpower: 2-6

Health Levels: OK(x2-x3), -1(x2-x4), -2(x2-x3), -5(x1-x2)

Attack: Variable, usually Strength +2 if a weapon, or 5
dice

Talents: Alertness 3-4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3-4, Dodge 0-3,
Melee 0-3, Stealth 0-2, Survival 3

Redes: Highly dependent upon animal body-types. Possibilities
include Armor (2 points), Breath, Difficulty Reduction (2 points),
Flight, Venom, Weapon: mandibles, claws, etc. (+2 damage)

Cencaurs

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma
3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

ar

Glamour: 5, Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK(x2), -1(x2), -2(x2), -5

Attack: Club/Strength +2, Hooves/6 dice (must rear on 2
legs; opponent gains -1 difficulty for next attack)

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Melee
3, Survival 3

Redes: Difficulty Reduction (-2 for all rolls involving
galloping or running), Entrancement (for hunters or others
crossing the centaur's tracks; victim becomes obsessed with
tracking down the centaur; one Willpower roll to resist possible
per hour), Riastradh (+2)

Banes: Enmity (Amazons)

Chimacra

The chimaera is a chimera with a really bad temper. Origi-
nally an artificial hybrid, it somehow managed to adapt and
reproduce in a few Dream Realms (which is amazing, given that
chimaeras tend to attack anything, even each other). It possesses
the body ofa goat, the forelegs ofa lion and the tail ofa dragon, and
three corresponding heads. While it is intelligent and capable of
speech, it generally communicates only if absolutely necessary.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Glamour: 5, Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK(x3), -1(x2), -2(x3), -5(x2)

Attack: Bite/6 dice, Claw/5 dice, Tail/4 dice (for oppo-
nents from the rear)


TERI

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Survival 2
Redes: Breath, Riastradh (+4, only against sidhe, nobility
and Seelie trolls)

CDachine-Bease

The creature known as the machine-beast scavenges the
technological realms of the Dreaming to find a suitable shell for
its outer protection, much in the same way as certain mundane
crabs do. However, this being can graft machines onto its body
and utilize them as working devices. Thus, machine-beasts can
have chainsaw appendages or inhabit the bodies of cars and
travel at incredible speeds.

Machine-beasts would be a worse problem than they are
except for two reasons. First, there are few technological realms
in the Dreaming. While many creatures dream of technology,
Glamour does not easily affix itself to these dreams. Second,
machine-beasts are not intelligent. While a creature that
attaches a chainsaw to itself as an appendage could be extraor-
dinarily dangerous, the machine-beast is too stupid to exploit
its own nature. It could just as easily attach a rack of toasters to
itself. The few beasts that have dangerous appendages were
merely lucky in their scavenging finds, rather than calculating.

Machine-beasts are territorial and attack anything encroach-
ingupon their territory (including other machine beasts). The size
of one's territory depends upon the size of the individual creature.

ae Interlopers who leave a beast's territory are generally not pursued, YK

unless the trespassers possess a piece of machinery (the more
complicated a device's movable parts, the more attractive it is to
the beast). The beasts eat rust, which they absorb from the
accumulated oxidation on the machines attached to their bodies.
It is doubtful whether the beasts possess mouths, but they do have
eyes well protected by their machine-armor.

2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

grated. Assume anything from electric scissors (2 dice), to
high-voltage transformers (9 dice electrical damage, not trans-
mittable to the beast)

locomotive device)

spot, the beast is blinded)

Perycon

Dreaming before the fall of the Roman Empire. How they made
the journey is unknown. In ancient times, perytons were thought
to be the spirits of travelers who died far from their homes or their

vy

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Perception
Glamour: 6, Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK(x5), -1(x3), -2(x2), -3, -5(x4)
Attack: Variable, depending upon the machinery inte-

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Survival 3
Redes: Armor (2-7 levels), Scuttle (if grafted onto a

Banes: Vulnerable Spot (eyes; if the attacker strikes this

Perytons are natural hybrids that disappeared into the Far


consistency and texture as tree bark. They sport huge bat-wings
and think of torture and combat as great pastimes. Their mouths
are inhumanly small, fit only for playing fae-bone pipes that afrits
use to entrance potential victims. A few hardy souls who have
managed to overwhelm an afrit and take its pipe away could use
this rede, but only if they could imitate the afrit's song (i.e., the
character must have Performance 3 or greater and be familiar with
Arabian or African love songs of the 12th to 15th centuries).
Afrits, inspired by Arabian lore, are aggressive and fight for the
sheer joy of combat. They do not "play fair," and they see nothing
wrong with fighting opponents at overwhelming odds. If their side
has fewer numbers, they retreat to find more of their kind to
continue the fight. They typically wear little more than a pair of
clogs, a loincloth and a rope-belt to hold their pipe.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Glamour: 5, Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK(x3), -1, -2(x2), -3, -5(x2)

Attack: Scimitar (Strength +4)

Talents: Acrobatics 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Melee 3, Arabian Lore (fae) 3

Redes: Difficulty Reduction (-2 for all rolls involving
flight-based dodges), Entrancement, Flight, Armor (2 points)

Banes: Enmity (all fae), Token (flute for entrancement)

Rakshasas

gods. Of course, this explanation is nonsense, but the Dreaming is
a place where nonsense thrives. The feathers of the peryton are
brilliant cerulean blue, alternating with deep green, overlaid with
an emerald iridescence. They possess the head, legs, size and
antlers of a deer and the body and wings of a bird. Instead of a
regular shadow, they cast the shadow of a human.

Perytons hate humans, but they attack only the one person.
who can return their true shadow. This unfortunate individual
aperyton battles to the death. During the day, perytons tend to
soar at dizzying heights around the chimerical ruins of ancient
cities and battlefields. If a peryton sees the shadow of a wander-
ing traveler that matches its own, it swoops down to fight.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Appear-
ance 3, Perception 4, Wits 3

Glamour: 5, Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK(x3), -1(x2), -2(x2), -5

Attack: Claw/4 dice, Antlers/6 dice

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3

Redes: Difficulty Reduction (-1 for all airborne attacks
with claws; -2 for dodges), Flight, Scuttle

Banes: Enmity (humans)

Afric
Afrits are slender creatures with humanoid limbs and elon-

gated faces. Their emaciated features belie their immense strength
and speed. The skin of an afrit is dark and rough, with the same

114 Dreams and Nightmares

RPS TOO ROO OR

These beings are the shapeshifting demons of Indian
mythology. They have no true form; whatever shape they take
for their victims is their actual body. However, they possess a
type of Dreamform claws that are invisible until used. Rakshasas
rip their victims to shreds, but do not feed upon flesh. Instead,
they take their nourishment from the escaping life-force of the
dead. The rakshasa of myth could be killed by thrusting a bone
froma virtuous holy-man into the monster's heart. However, in
the Dreaming, rakshasas are easier to combat: When they take
sufficient damage, they discorporate, as do any other chimera.

Arakshasaassumes the form ofa person orbeingits victim trusts
most. The rakshasa takes advantage of the victim's confusion to
come close and tear her apart. Rumors suggest that the rakshasa also
gains some of its victims' memories by feeding upon their life-force,
but this remains conjectural. The power of a rakshasa is ineffective
against anyone possessing True Faith or Iron Will merits.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 7

Health Levels; OK(x3), -1(x2), -2, -5(x3)

Attack: Claws/7 dice

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 4,
Survival 3

Redes: Scuttle, Shape Shift (only to trusted friends of one
victim; a rakshasa appears only when its victim is alone, or once
it coaxes a victim away from her friends)

Humans and Humanoids

Enchancers

In mythic times, mages used their magic with less fear of
backlash. Many mundanes (or "Sleepers," as mages call them)
who witnessed these magickal feats were inspired by what they
saw. Their dreams gave birth to the enchanters.

Enchanters look like average humans (they never look like
fae). They tend to be either old wise-women or mysterious, gray-
cloaked men, but there was an instance of an enchanter appearing
as a six-year-old (probably from the nightmares of a four-year-old
who was terrorized by his older sister's scary stories). As with any
human, they vary widely in desires, needs, and motivations. They
canbe either one's worst enemy, or the harmless old midwife in the
nearby Dream Realm. Interestingly, a few enchanters possess the
ability to use hedge magic (mostly Divination and Cursing; for
further rules on hedge magic, see World of Darkness: Sorcerer
and Ascensions Right Hand).

Enchanters' most potent ability is the inverted use of the
Shape Shift rede. Through this ability, enchanters people the
Dreaming with many strange and curious artificial hybrids. In-
deed, many enchanters view this function as a sort of "higher
calling" similar to faith-healing, and they can be quite artistic in
their metamorphic endeavors. They might put a slug's torso ona
slothful person, or they could be very subtle and morph a sweet,
innocent unicorn's head onto a corrupt politician's body. Interest-
ingly, enchanters cannot shapeshift themselves or each other.

The hybrids that enchanters make do not immediately gain
any new powers or redes from the shapeshifting. As the creatures'
views of themselves change, however, the power of Glamour
within the Dreaming gradually works to imbue them with new
abilities. Enchanters encourage their hybrid charges to "let go and
allow your true nature to manifest." Because civilized behavior is
often the first trait to go in the mind of an artificial hybrid, one
might expect hybrids to attack their sorcerous progenitors. Such
assaults seldom occur, as enchanters have a power over hybrids,
and many hybrids hope to convince (cajole, blackmail, or simply
beg) the enchanter to return them to their former shape.

Note that these changes affect only chimerical and fae
seemings. An extra pair of ant legs shapeshifted onto a sluagh
will not be noticeable to unenchanted humans. The sluagh
knows they are there, however, and as his mind breaks down in
the mundane world, he attempts to convince others (in the
asylum) that he really is turning into an ant-animal.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma
2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 3,
Wits 2

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 6

Health Levels: OK, -1(x2), -2(x2), -5

Attack: By weapon

Talents (Individuals vary): Alertness 3, Animal Ken 4,

Cooking 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Enigmas 2, Herb Lore 4, Lore
(fae) 2, Medicine 3

Redes: Fear (only against hybrids), Hedge Magic (up to 4
points in various disciplines; not all enchanters have this ability),
Shape Shift Others. Only enchanters possess this rede. To use this
power, the enchanter must prepare an herbal concoction (Herb
Lore + Intelligence, difficulty 6), and get the victim to ingest it. To
add to these successes, the enchanter may roll her Glamour
(difficulty 7) or spend Glamour points. The victim gets one roll
from his Banality (difficulty 6) to resist. Successes on this roll
deduct from the enchanter's successes. From the enchanter's net
successes, consult the chart below:

Successes Changes

3 Cosmetic Changes: Color, hair, etc.

5 Minor Changes: Alteration of a small por-
tion of the body (nose, fingers, etc.)

7 Major Changes: At least one animal part is
grafted onto the body (head, torso, ete.)

9 Complete Change: Several body-parts are

fused in seemingly impossible places (which
is what happened to Scylla and the chi-
maera)
Any change is permanent, unless the enchanter can be
convinced to change the victim back. There are also places

Dreams and Nightmares

within the Dreaming that remove this rede (bathing in a
magical spring, powers from a legendary treasure, etc.) Obvi-
ously, the second option is good material for a quest.

Token (herbal concoction, for shapeshifting power)

CDorae

Morae, also called nighthags, nightmares or nocturnae,
wander the Flesh Realm in search of sleeping mundanes. These
sleepers provide a source of Glamour and a method by which
the chimera can affect the physical.

Morae can live in and alter the dreams of their victims.
Since more intense and disturbing dreams create more Glam-
our, morae tend to cause these types of dreams. Over time, this
theft of Glamour, called "riding" the victim, causes the host to
weaken and die. Morae can also control the sleeping body of
their hosts and make them do and say strange things.

To their hosts, morae can appear as anything they want;
forms the morae have preferred in the past include black horses,
medusae, or swirling dust motes. In the Dreaming, they look
like terrifyingly beautiful women with tangled black hair.

Morae have variable temperaments and different agendas,
but all crave the Glamour their hosts provide. Only a few seem
to care for the welfare of their hosts. A few morae, called
nocturnae by the Garou, delight in pushing their victims to
despair and suicide. The Garou believe these morae to be
"corrupted" somehow (see Book of the Wyrm).

Morae treat the Kithain with a wary distrust. A few
enterprising Unseelie have overcome these prejudices and
even forged an occasional alliance.

When a morae is outnumbered in the Dreaming, or if
friends of the host manage to drive it off through wardings, the
morae will seek better pastures elsewhere; with some excep-
tions, morae are not vindictive.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Wits 3,
Intelligence 2, Perception 4

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 7

Health Levels: OK(x2), -1(x3), -2(x3), -5(x2)

Attack: By weapon (for possessed victim; in the physical
world, morae has the physical stats of its victim), Claws/5 dice
(in Dreaming)

Talents: Brawl 3, Dodge 2

Redes: Dreamweaving, Difficulty reduction (-2 for Posses-
sion), Enchantment, Possession (only of sleeping victim)

Banes: Warding (chalk lines across all entrances in a
sleeper's bedroom)

Kappa

The Japanese water-spirit known as a kappa is a trickster, but
a very polite one. Cunning adventurers used to fool the kappa by
bowing to it. In response, the kappa would return the bow, spilling
the fluid from the cavity atop its head — the fluid that animates
the kappa and gives it its power. Kappa no longer fall for such a
cheap trick. The kappa looks like a scaly, boyish humanoid about
four feet tall, with a bowl-shaped depression crowning its skull.
This depression is filled with water from the creature's home.


Kappas live in bodies of water and prey upon travelers by dragging Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 5 (With a specialization in
them underwater and feasting upon their entrails. wrestling. If using Combat, assume the kappa has 15 Maneuver
Kappaare masters ofsumo wrestling. They are honorable,and points for various wrestling techniques. If not, use the Brawl =<
often propose a wrestling match to determine whether travelers score for all physical and restraining attacks, with a-1 difficulty q
may pass safely or end up as dinner. Travelers who capture or to all grapples), Dodge 2, Instruction 3, Etiquette 3, Fishing 3, ,
impress a kappa may get it to heal wounded characters or teach Medicine 3, Survival 2, Swimming 4 AS)

them new skills. Also, Kappa love cucumbers. Travelers geta+2 Redes: Armor (1 point), Difficulty Reduction (-1 with [&
bonus to all dice involving Social rolls if they present grapples), Healing (Sy
cucumbers as a gift to a kappa. Banes: Vulnerable Spot (fluid atop head) s

iy
‘Kg

<)

Considering the number of dreams and stories about giants and
giant creatures, it is amazing that the Dreaming does not have more
such denizens. Around the turn of the century, when skyscrapers
began toappear in mundane cities, giants began appearing less in the
Dreaming. Perhaps the Dreamers, surrounded by looming, cavern-
ous buildings, needed fewer gigantic residents within their imagina-
tion, or perhaps the sterile environments of office buildings drove
the giants deeper into the Dreaming. Who can say?

However, there are still a lot of giant humanoids and giant
animals of all kinds within the Dreaming. Attempting to classify
them all would take an encyclopedia. Suffice it to say that giant
animals possess the same attributes as their normal-sized counter-
parts. Giant humans, on the other hand, are either very strongand
very stupid or cunning and possess Redes (some can hurl lightning

The kappa is very careful not to spill the
water from its concavity, for any such loss {

(} Gianzs and Gianc Animals

=

= é

weakens it. If the fluid somehow spills or is removed, roll one die
and divide by 2 (round down). The resulting number is the
increased difficulty for any physical action the kappa makes.
Successive rollsare cumulative. If the total cumulative rolls exceed
6, the kappa is immobilized and at the mercy of its enemies.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma
4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 2, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Glamour: 7, Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK(x4), -1(x2), -2(x3), -5

Attack: Various wrestling joint-locks/3-6 dice, drowning
(see main rules)


or cause storms, while the giant Utgardaloki was proficient at
illusions and befuddlement). Some humanoids have a type of
deformity (the cyclops' one eye, etc.), while others are perfectly
proportioned, even attractive, creatures. The Dream Realm of
Brobdingnag is populated by otherwise normal giants who are so
large that no traveler to the Realm has yet caught their attention:
visitors are ignored or inadvertently squashed. On the other hand,
the 12-foot tall, brightly painted Baseball Furies are constantly on
the lookout for new balls (skulls) to use in their next game. If you
aren't polite enough to give them yourskull, they practice their line
drive on your cranium anyway.

Giant, nonsentient animals mostly view normal-sized char-
acters in one way: as food. Intelligent, giant-animal chimera vary
in temperamentand motivations. The giant talking rats of Kovalla-
bar lendassistance to anyone in their realm who can tella good tale
about the strange, shapeshifting rat-humans, or to anybody who
hasa tasty morsel of food. Giant seals tolerate travelers, unless such
visitors stray onto the creatures' mating grounds.

Giants come in three height categories: big (7 feet-12 feet
tall), humongous (12 feet-20 feet tall), and titanic (20 feet tall
or taller). Many trolls have allies among humanoid giants (+1
with Social rolls for some giants), while other giants attack
trolls on sight. Giant cultures range from prehistoric (rock
brothers) to the Age of Reason (Brobdingnag).

Attributes: It is not possible to categorize all giant statis-
tics. Let your imagination be your guide. To give you a start,
here are some modifiers for giants based on size.

Attribute — Big Humongous Titanic
Strength +2 +3 +5
Stamina +2 +4 +5
Health Levels:
OK x2 x2 x3
-l x3 x4 x4
2 x8 x3 x4
5 x2 x3 x3

Attack: By weapon, claw, tooth or fang.

Talents: Mostly Alertness, Brawl, Dodge, and Melee, de-
pendingupon the level of culture (the higher their technology, the
more Skills and Knowledges the humanoid giants possess).

(Wee Folk and Nevers

Dunnies

Protectors of lost children and injured animals, dunnies
nonetheless have a mischievous streak. Their favorite trick is
to appear as a gentle, grazing horse that gladly accepts being
mounted by a prospective rider. The dunnie then bolts away,
taking the victim on the ride of her life and ultimately tossing
her into the nearest manure pile. Dunnies, also called colt
pixies, sometimes watch over magical groves and orchards.
They like to sneak up on a trespasser to nip and annoy her until
she leaves. If a dunnie fails to discourage trespassers, it departs
to find some nearby allies who can be more convincing.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Perception
3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

118

Dreams and Nightmares

WP SOI OOO OOO OR

Glamout: 5, Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK(x2), -1(x2) , -2(x2), -5

Attack: Bite/1 die, Kick/3 dice

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 2, Kenning 1

Redes: Shape Shift (into an old woman or man ora horse)

Oakmen

These chimera are the foreshortened, bitter spirits of felled
trees (not just oaks). Oakmen live in the Near Dreaming, where
each occupies the stump ofa tree. They often appear as bogganish
creatures with gnarled skin (a few wear red toadstools as caps).
They are not happy with the fate of their parent tree and tend to
take it out on anyone they can. Their favorite trick is to offer
delicious food to passersby. Once the food is eaten, they transmute
it into poisonous mushrooms. If this trick doesn't work, they settle
for giving bad directions ("..ya cahn't git theah from heah...").

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 5, Charisma
2, Manipulation 1, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Glamour: 4, Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2(x2), -5

Attack: They generally don't, unless they can direct you
into the nearest rockfall

Talents: Alertness 3, Area Knowledge 3, Athletics 1,
Dodge 2,
Redes: Transmute Food


Gathering DreamscuFF

Acharacter who wishes to Craft or Forge a chimera must plan
in advance before she goes in search of usable Dreamstuff, espe-
cially if the intended chimera is to have many redes. Suppose a
nocker wishes to Forge a magical sword with Difficulty Reduction
versus spiders, Healing, increased Dexterity to its user, and Scuttle.
Ifnone of the base materials are Sympathetic to the other redes, the
beleaguered nocker would have to collect 12 separate components
—far too many for one nocker to carry easily, and itis unlikely that
anyone would find these materials all in one place. There are no
convenience stores selling Dreamstuff in the Dreaming. For this
reason, many nockers and boggans outfit their workplaces with
large storehouses and containers of arcane materials, in anticipa-
tion of the day when they can begin their great work.

Amounc of Dreamscuff in Raw
CDacerials

It cannot be stressed enough that the amount of Dreamstuff
available in the Dreaming is subject to Storyteller discretion. If you
want yourchronicle to be filled to the brim with magical items, so that
every Kithain household has a clay golem servant, then you should
increase the numbers in the chart below. If your chronicle is in the
midst of the Winter of Banality, then decrease the numbers accord-
ingly. In the extreme cases of highly banal chronicles, many chimeri-
cal materialsnormally usable in Forging have little orno'stuffin them,
and legendary orscarce materials become priceless commodities, with
wars fought over their ownership. The numbers below reflect the
chronicle with the encroaching, but not yet arrived, Winter.

Even in a Glamour-rich chronicle, not all chimera possess

Dreamstuff. The majority of chimera in the Dreaming are
incidental, composed of sleepy-dust. Dreamstuff is easy to spot
(Perception + Kenning, difficulty 4), and the objects it com-
poses give off waves of strong sensation, usually positive. Ani-
mals and other creatures are instinctively drawn to the sources
of these emanations and guard them against all trespassers.
Many of these animals and guardians absorb a measure of the
emanated Dreamstuff into their own bodies. The 'stuff strength-
ens these guardians and makes them larger and more cunning
than the average animal.

Before a character can harvest Dreamstuff from a chimera
with suitable raw material, the Storyteller needs to determine
two things:

¢ Is there enough material present to provide an appropri-
ate volume for the intended chimera?

© How much Dreamstuff is available in the material?

Volume

The Storyteller determines the volume of material needed
to Craft a chimera. Damaged materials have a proportionately
lessened amount of Dreamstuff in them. There are no hard-
and-fast rules for this distribution, but use common sense. You
could not make achimerical castle without a huge mine's worth
of material; at the other end of the scale, one average, dogwood-
sized tree may be enough for only two bows. If you are not sure,
use the formula below:

12 pounds of common material = 1 volume

Consider how this formula changes for uncommon materi-
als: The more unusual a material is, the less that would be needed
to make up one volume. A small unicorn horn weighs about 6

Appendix


659

VAY

f?

ay

ounces, but it provides 2 volumes of material. To make one
volume from apples, though, would require 20 pounds of fruit.

Nunnehiare more adept at harvesting Dreamstuff than other
Kithain because of their intuitive understanding and use of nature.

Amounc, Scarcity and Locacion

The farther into the Dreaming you go, the more'stuff there
is in some elements and resources. Also, the rarer a material, the
more Dreamstuff there is in it.

The Rule of Scarcity refers to how common a material is in
the whole of the Dreaming, not in a given realm. Four-leaf
clovers are ubiquitous in leprechaun realms, but not as common,
elsewhere in the Dreaming.

When a character announces that she wants to harvest
Dreamstuff, secretly determine the amount of Dreamstuff avail-
able by rolling a die and consulting the charts below. If the
result is a7, the material is a "motherlode" and has 10 times as
much Dreamstuff in it as it may have otherwise. If the result is
a1, go through the motions of checking the chart, but there is
no harvestable Dreamstuff present in the material (it may
appear to have usable Dreamstuff, but appearances can be
deceiving). If the result is a 10, try not to chuckle too loudly,

for the material possesses Foolstuff.

Die Material

1 No stuff available

7 10 times the normal amount of 'stuff available
10 Foolstuff!

Detecting Foolstuff: A nocker or boggan may make one
attempt to determine if the material she has possesses Foolstuff.
For a nocker or boggan character, secretly roll her Perception
+ Crafts, difficulty 8. If there are 4 or more successes, the
character is aware of the Foolstuff. Any other result is a failure.
Any other nocker or boggan may make one attempt to deter-
mine ifa substance possess Foolstuff, unless a character made an
attempt before she did and botched his roll. No other charac-
ters (not even nunnehi) may attempt this action.

Harvesting the material: The harvester rolls Dexterity +
Kenning when he harvests, difficulty 7 (-1 difficulty ifa nocker,
boggan or nunnehi). Each success is the amount of harvestable
Glamour points obtained from the material, up to the maximum
amount already in the material. The maximum amount of
Glamour points cannot exceed the maximum already in the
material, even if the harvester rolls more successes. The excep-

Amounc of DreamscutF
The chart below reflects the amount of chimerical points potentially available in 1 volume of a material, and later

usable in creating and building chimera. The materials listed are rough examples only.
Object Example Found in:
Synthetics Plastic
Common Wood Pine
Uncommon Wood American Chestnut
Rare Wood Treant-Wood
Food/Consumables Appleseeds
Beer, mead, wine
Other Plant Materials Hemp rope
Spring Water
Ocean Water
Magical Waters Waters of Lethe
Glass
Base Metals Copper
Precious Metals Gold
Chimerical Iron
Clay/Soil
Base Stone Quartz
Semiprecious Stone Onyx
Precious Stone Ruby
Alchemical Stone Philosopher's Stone
Animal Parts Antelope-hide
Unusual Creature Parts Centaur hooves
Legendary Creature Parts Dragon scale
Other
*The rarest element, found only in the Far and Deep Dreaming

Near Dreaming Far Dreaming
1 0

BAKKE DDANUWHKOUNNANWNNNANN
WUONWOOCMDARKNIUVARARWWRBWAAYW


tion to this rule is the Rule of Conjunction or Harvest-time,
when certain materials become more potent.

The harvesting roll is not extended: If the user fails, no
other attempt is possible with the material. If the user botches,
not only did the harvester destroy any potential Dreamstuff in
the material, but she is convinced that there is some left.

Rule of Conjunction: On certain days, the Dreamstuff in
some materials becomes more potent. It's a good idea to harvest
materials accordingly on these dates.

The Dreamstuff in the materials listed below possesses +4
chimerical points when harvested on the appropriate day. Nunnehi
and Unseelie receive +6 Chimerical Points, because they are more
attuned to the changing cycle of the year than are other fae.

Samhain (October 31) Base metals, parts of all night-birds
(owls, etc.), glass, roots of uncommon trees, all herbs, night-
shades (potatoes, etc.), all root vegetables (carrots, etc.), all
bones, pumpkins and other autumn fruits, parts of all bats

Yule (December 23) All parts of evergreens (pine, fir trees,
etc.), all laurels and hollies, roots of common trees, snow, base
stone (shale, mica, etc.), gold, frankincense, lead, chimerical
iron, blood of hibernating animals (bears, etc.), reindeer antlers

Imbolc (February 2) Milk and dairy products, feathers of
migrating birds, spiced wine, rare white flowers, straw, phoenix
feathers, dragon scale, white gold, spring water

Vernal Equinox (March 21) Alder branches, stems from
common trees, all feathers, poppies, wildflowers, birch bark, all
seeds, jade, coral, platinum, octopuses, all herbs, silver, dia-
mond, unicorn horn

Beltaine (May 2) All phoenix parts, lynx fur, bark of rare
trees, river water, hail, all trees struck by lightning, hooves of all
rare animals, sea foam, clam shells, dragon teeth, squirrel fur,
corn, volcanic glass, leaves of rare trees

Midsummer (June 21) Saint Johnswort, brass, cat skin,
songbird bones, sassafras, ruby, obsidian, all fresh fruits, branches
of common trees, heartwood of rare trees, all fish parts, honey

Lughnasa (August 1) Corn and all grains (all parts), wax,
insect larvae, leaves of uncommon trees, heartwood of common
trees, snake skin, gold, branches of rare trees, flint, charcoal from
burned uncommon wood

Mabon (September 21) Acorns and conifer cones, leaves of
common trees, owl pellets, spiderwebs, all menstrual blood from any
animal, mushrooms and fungi, eyes from all common creatures,
rusted metal, turtle shell, insect cocoons, uncommon bird-eggs

Forging or Crafcing the
Chimerical Icem

Duracion or Crafe-Time

Once a character manages to gather all the necessary
materials at her forge or workplace, she must then perform the
actual crafting. Exactly how long this procedure takes is up to
the Storyteller. Certain cantrips can reduce the time, but unless

the changeling has treasures that speed up the process or she uses
her Arts to the same end, the amount of time needed to create
an item is about as long as that for a human to craft a chimerical
item's "real" counterpart. If the Kithain possesses great Strength
or Stamina (4 or greater), this time is greatly reduced. Assistants
can reduce this time even further.

Also, times of war tend to give a sense of urgency to the
making of weapons. A normal time for forging a sword during
the Hundred Years' War was a week to 10 days. At the War's
height, English smithies were pumping out a sword a day.

Ofcourse, larger projects call for greater blocks of time (and
materials). An English-style castle (such as Beaumaris) could
require several years and up to 500 assistants, masons, quarriers,
carpenters and architects, depending upon its size. On the other
hand, one person could build a shack in a few days, if the
materials are handy.

Crafcing/ Forging

A Kithain Crafting or Forging a chimera makes an extended
roll using Dexterity + Crafts, difficulty 7. To complete the work,
he needs to achieve between 6 and 28 successes, depending upon
thescale of the project and the amount of redes invested in it. Ifthe
work requires more than 8 successes, switch Stamina for Dexterity
after 8 successes have been reached. If the character gets no
successes, some minor mishap occurs, and the time remaining
increases by one-third. If he botches, not only is the project a bust,
but all of the gathered materials are unusable for further projects
(Basically, some catastrophe occurs. Storytellers are encouraged to
be creative in describing it, and to show no mercy if the unfortu-
nate Crafter was attempting to create an explosive item, such as a
cannon.), and a portion of his workplace is damaged.

If a fae uses Saining (Naming 4), giving a True Name to the
object as it is being Crafted or Forged, the item becomes incredibly
potent and acquires more Glamour points to purchase additional
redes or Attributes. Just what the item acquires is up to the
Storyteller (keep it secret from the players). Often, items Named in
this manner are forged for a specific purpose, and the Crafter should
suggest the general intent of the item's creation (swords created as
foes of a particular enemy often have Difficulty Reduction and extra
dice for Melee or Dexterity, with an Enmity Bane against the
intended foe). Some Named items have a definite sense of purpose
(perhapsnot intended by the Crafter), and they occasionally acquire
Glamour Pact upon their creation. For this reason, a lot of seers are
reluctant to Name anewly forged item. (And woe ifthe Named item
is composed of undetected Foolstuff! The destruction of several
baronies stemmed from this sort of disaster.)

As the item nears completion (within 3 successes), it is
important that the future owner be present to assist in the final
"tempering." He attunes the item to himself by his presence and
ensures that the chimera will act in his best interests (at least, in
theory; chimerical items are not completely predictable). Boggan
grumbling notwithstanding, an owner ought to hang around for
the project's duration if the object is a simple, one-rede affair.
Otherwise, he merely needs to be at the tempering.

‘When tempering, a Crafter rolls Dexterity + Kenning for the

Appendix


final successes, difficulty 8. If he makes the final rolls without
botching, he then "tests" the object, rolling Intelligence + Enig-
mas. The difficulty is the number of Glamour Points invested
divided by 5 (maximum of 9). Ifsuccessful, the Crafter declares the
project complete (unless, of course, the Crafter is a nocker, in
which case the future owner needs a crowbar to pry the objectaway
from the nocker's endless tinkering to "get it right").

In short, the rolls for making a chimera are:

Crafting or Forging: Dexterity + Crafts, difficulty 7, 6 - 28
successes (use Stamina after 8 successes)

Tempering: Dexterity + Kenning, difficulty 8

Testing: Intelligence + Enigmas

(Difficulty = Glamour Points + 5 [maximum of 9])

New Redes

Below are new redes to give your creatures a little more
"bite." Many are usable in chimerical objects, while others are
not. As always, these redes must meet with Storyteller approval
before you may incorporate them into your chimera or treasures.

A few of these redes are unusable in Forged or Crafted
chimera. In such cases, Glamour Point costs are marked with an
asterisk. A sentient chimera possessing these abilities loses them
if it is Forged into an object.

¢ Animate — Use of this rede enables the caster to move,
manipulate and levitate objects at the chimera's whim. Exactly
what the caster animates is dependent upon the nature of the
chimera. Chimera spawned from dreams and fantasies of death
can animate corpses, while nature-chimera animate rocks and
branches. Chimera cannot use animate to affect living matter.

One Glamour lifts 20 pounds of material for one Melee
round. Each point spent on increasing mass raises this amount
"exponentially" (4 points would lift 160 pounds).

Animate used offensively attacks with the chimera's com-
bat dice pool (use Intelligence + Melee), + 2 dice for every extra
Glamour spent on mass. Of course, attacks can be dodged.

Glamour Point Cost: 3

Use Cost: 1 Glamour + 1 to increase mass exponentially;
+1 Glamour to increase duration by one round (6 points would
animate 160 pounds for 3 rounds, etc.)

° Archetype — Some chimera have the raw, essence-
absorbing abilities of Glamour at their command. These chi-
mera are called Archetypes. Archetypes can absorb the sub-
stance of other chimera into their bodies to gain greater
Abilities and redes. All former memories and experiences of
the victim are now part of the Archetype's. In truth, the victim
is not so much eaten as reintegrated into the makeup of the
Archetype. The Archetype becomes a collective being under
the control of the original Archetype.

Chimera with this ability may use it only up to three times;
usage depends upon the initial level of the rede purchased. After
the maximum amount of redes are utilized, this rede becomes
defunct, and the user is no longer considered an Archetype.

To activate this power, the Archetype must physically

grasp the victim and roll resisted Willpower. For each success
achieved, the victim suffers a penalty of one Health Level and
one Glamour point. When an opponent reaches zero Glamour,
extra Health Levels are expended to make up for the loss. When
a victim reaches zero Health Levels, he is absorbed into the
matrix of the Archetype. If the victor was the original victim,
she gains no benefit; the loser becomes intangible.

Once activated, the Archetype rede must run its course. If the
victim manages to break away, the Archetype still spends the Glam-
our every turn until her form breaks apart from the loss of integrity. If
she manages to reestablish contact, the process continues.

When absorbing, an Archetype gains two-thirds the initial
Glamour Points of the victim. The Storyteller purchases redes,
Abilities and Attributes that closely match the statistics of the
original victim, from strongest to weakest. These traits combine
with the Archetype's traits to form a new being. In appearance,
the Archetype looks like a conglomeration of the two entities,
but not overwhelmingly so. Anyone who knew the Archetype
previously would still recognize the composite chimera.

Archetypes generally choose victims to whom they already
bear some similarity in form or function. If the victim is not
similar to the Archetype (a sweet teddy bear Archetype at-
tempting to absorb Carmilla the Giant Tarantula, for example),
the activation of the rede is considered 2 uses, and the Arche-
type suffers +1 difficulty to all contested Willpower rolls (an
Archetype with only one use cannot absorb an unrelated chi-
mera). This power is almost as rare as the Wyrd rede.

Glamour Point Cost: 10* for one use, 15* for two uses, and
20* for three uses

Use Cost: One per turn. Once activated, the rede con-
sumes 1 point per turn until absorption is complete or the
Archetype disincorporates.

¢ Breath — Breath works similarly to Venom but affects all
targets at range with a cone, cloud or line in front of the
chimera's mouth (or whatever orifice the chimera uses to
breathe). The discharge depends upon what kind of breath-
weapon the creature possesses. For lightning, the breath expels
ina line. For fire, the breath is a cone. Range is long for a line,
medium for a cone and short for cloud. Victims can choose to
dodge line- or cone-breath attacks or to run out of range, if they
get the initiative.

Breath attacks are difficult to soak (Stamina, difficulty 7).

Chimera Point Cost: 5 (3, if the breath does not cause
damage, such as one that causes sleep)

Use Cost: Damage from this rede is 3 + 1 per point of
Glamour the chimera chooses to invest. All targets receive full
damage.

° Difficulty Reduction — Certain chimera are, by design,
superior at specific tasks. A sword Forged to kill perytons will
strike more often against perytons than against other creatures.

Difficulty Reduction is not a true rede but a modifier.
Every level reduces the difficulty of a specified task by 1. The
maximum number of levels allowable for reducing the diffi-
culty of a given task is 2.


Chimera Point Cost: Three for every point of difficulty
reduction, maximum of 2 levels. The modified activity must be
stipulated at the time of purchase and be specific (-2 difficulty
for running is legal, -2 for Athletics or Dexterity is too vague).

Use Cost: none

Dreadful Gaze — Chimera with this rede literally have
looks that kill. Anything living that the chimera views while
activating this power must roll Stamina + Kenning, difficulty
equals the chimera's Willpower. If the victim fails to achieve at
least 3 successes, he turns to stone. The effects of this transfor-
mation are different for various beings. All fae and enchanted
mortals are effectively paralyzed for one hour — 10 minutes for
every Banality point they possess. After this duration, they
return to normal. While they are stone, victims sustain damage
at half their normal rates.

Other chimera instantly lose all Health Levels and must roll
to maintain their integrity. If they succeed, their intangible forms
and physical stone-forms separate. As intangible-form chimera
heal over time, stone-form ones slowly disintegrate into dust and
completely crumble away when the incorporeal ones form new
physical bodies. If they fail their initial roll, they die instantly.
Healing Arts and certain elixirs can heal the physical form, and an
afflicted chimera can instantly reintegrate.

This rede affects everything, including plants. The chimera
does not have to meet its victim's eyes to use this rede, it merely
needs to see the victim. Of course, if the chimera sees itself in a
mirror or reflected surface, it is affected by its own rede. Adven-
turers who encounter a chimera with this power usually are
forewarned by the barren waste and abundance of statues that
surround the creature's territory.

Chimera Point Cost: 8*

Use Cost: Two Glamour each use. The chimera can choose
to use the rede or not. Sometimes, the unpredictable nature of
Glamour causes the rede to activate anyway, even when against
the chimera's wishes. Only one creature may be affected per use.

¢ Dreamweaving — This rede works only on sleeping
victims in the mundane world when deployed by chimera in the
Dreaming. Characters sleeping in the Dreaming are unaffected.
Chimera not in the Dreaming cannot utilize this rede.

To activate Dreamweaving, the chimera merely needs to
encounter a sleeping victim and gain at least one success in a
Glamour roll (difficulty equals the victim's Willpower). For the
remainder of the scene, the chimera can direct the course of the
victim's dream in any manner she sees fit.

Successive Dreamweavingson the same victim become easier
over a period of time. For every two Dreamweaving attempts, the
victim suffers -1 to his Willpower dice pool to resist.

Repeated use of this rede causes the victim to gain no
benefits from sleep. Over time, the target suffers permanent loss
of Willpower, insanity, and death.

Chimera Point Cost: 4

Use Cost: This rede costs no Glamour to use. It is actually
a limited form of Ravaging, as the chimera gains Glamour from
the victim over a period of time.

¢ Poof Begone — This power is the ability to vanish at one
place in the Dreaming and reappear in another. The exact
distance is limited, but certain areas of the Dreaming are known.
to enhance this rede. Being on a trod or standing in a mushroom
ring, for example, somehow increases the maximum allowable
distance (by 50 feet).

A chimera must be able to see the destination of the rede.
The user could poof anywhere in a house, but he would have to
be able to see the house's exterior, and he could only poof to one
of the outer rooms — not an interior room or the basement.

This ability is usable only in the Dreaming, even if the
character possesses Wyrd.

Chimera Point Cost: 3

Use Cost: 1 Glamour

¢ Entrancement — This rede convinces the victim that
the user is her friend and that the victim should go to great
lengths to help the user. The victim will not endanger himself,
but he will defend his new friend from all enemies. The user
spends one Willpower Point and rolls her Glamour pool (diffi-
culty equals the victim's Banality). The duration of the rede's
power is a number of scenes equal to the number of successes.
The chimera can cast the rede again, butat +1 difficulty for each
additional casting, as the victim begins to get suspicious.

The victim must understand the chimera's language for this
rede to work.

Chimera Point Cost: 4

Use Cost: 1 Willpower

© Illusions — The caster of this rede can change the
perceptions of the target(s). This rede is similar in function to the
Chicanery cantrip Fuddle, in that itcan give an object orsensation
a different appearance, but only one of roughly the same size or
sensory input. You could make a horse appear tobe awurm, butyou
could not make the horse invisible or appear to be a 10-story
building. No special abilities are gained from this rede.

This power affects all beings within sensory range, even
individuals who scry the area. However, the rede fails against
anyone who possesses Perception 4 or greater, or who has some
supernatural visual ability. Any victim who thinks that she is
viewing an illusion gets an initial roll of Perception + Kenning,
difficulty 6 (+1 for every extra Glamour invested, maximum of 9).
If she gets 2 or more successes, she sees the illusion as it truly is.

The rede lasts for as long as the chimera chooses. All
illusions drop when the chimera sustains 3 or more Health
Levels of damage.

Chimera Point Cost: 3

Use Cost: 1 Glamour, + 1 to increase the inpenetrability
of an illusion

 Riadstradh — Riadstradh, or berserkergang, is the ability
to enter into a battle-frenzy before or during combat. Wound
penalties are ignored, and the chimera gains an increase in her
combat dice pool. The unfortunate side effect is that the battle-
crazed chimera attacks any and all creatures standing until the
Riadstradh runs its course or the chimera loses all Health Levels.

The duration of Riadstradh is the Stamina of the chimera +2

Appendix 13


for every extra Glamour point spent. After the Riadstradh, the
chimera suffers 1 damage to Health Levels for every 3 turns in the
frenzy (round up). This damage is fatigue and heals at the rate of
one point per hour. Fatigue-damage is almost never lethal, but
otherwise it has the same effect as any other wound penalties.

When purchasing Riadstradh, the chimera must specify the
enemy that the rede is directed toward. The enemy listing can
be as generalized as a species or Legacy, but no broader (listing
sidhe is legal, but all fae is not). To activate Riadstradh, at least
one representative enemy must be on the opposing side.

Chimera Point Cost: 3 for +1 to combat dice pool, +1 for
every +1 to pool (+3 dice pool costs 5 Points)

Use Cost: 1 Glamour point for frenzy lasting 3 Stamina
rounds, +2 for every extra Glamour point spent

© Transmute — This rede gives the ability to change a
nonliving, organic substance into something else, or merely to
alter its composition. During the Middle Ages, mortals thought
fae were guilty of souring milk and poisoning wells, when
spiteful chimera were the true culprits.

At the cost of 1 Glamour point, a chimera can cause food
to spoil or vice versa. For 3 points, the chimera can turn
nonedible plant material (such as straw) into a king's feast, or
she can cause an organic material to exhibit characteristics of
any other related material. She can make edible mushrooms
poisonous (even if they are already eaten: see the entry for
Oakmen in Chapter Six) or turn poisonous toad legs into tasty,
edible frog legs. She can transform the finest silk into chaff or
make the weakest willow as strong as oak.

For 5 points, the chimera can force radical changes upon
organic materials, making wood as edible as spaghetti or giving
a cotton shirt the protective qualities of wooden armor. (You
always wondered how that witch created the candy house in
"Hansel and Gretel," didn't you?)

This rede is usable in the mundane world; it isnot necessary
to possess the Wyrd rede. However, such alterations are never
permanent, as Banality eats away the power of the change.
Wood chips transmuted to gold coins fade back to wood, and
poisonous mushrooms revert to their former state, even if
already eaten. In the Dreaming, this change is permanent.

Chimera who purchase this rede must declare a "specializa-
tion" or material that this rede is limited to transmuting. A
chimeracan have multiple specializations but must spend Glam-
our points for each specialization. The specializations are water,
vegetables and fruits, wood, animal meat and hide, spices, fungi,
fibers, beer and wine, dairy, and other plants.

Chimera Point Cost: 3 per specialization

Use Cost: 1-5 Glamour points

Banes

Banes are limitations or handicaps placed upon chimera.
They operate in much the same manner as Flaws for characters.
As with Flaws, Banes provide additional chimera points for
characters to build their chimera or Forged or Crafted treasures.
A maximum of 12 points of Banes may be taken per chimera.

124

Dreams and Nighcmares

Banes are meant to flesh out the details of a chimera's
personality, not to create a chimerical war machine. Players
creating chimera and intending to use Banes should first seek
Storyteller approval.

¢ Enmity — The chimera has an intense dislike for a
creature or thing. While it might not automatically attack, the
chimera severely distrusts the object of its enmity (+3 difficulty
to all Social rolls and interactions).

Bane Points: 2

¢ Ferocious Beast — This bane is similar to the Riadstradh
rede, but the chimera has no control over its frenzies. At any
unexpected moment (even in relaxed, noncombat situations),
the chimera could flip out. He receives +2 to all attack rolls, and
the frenzy lasts 3 rounds. However, the chimera is protected
from wound penalties only at the first tier of -2 wound level. If
the chimera suffers any further damage, full wound penalties
take effect, even if the chimera is still berserk.

Bane Points: 2

¢ Glamour Pact (clarification) — This rede works to a
changeling's disadvantage when placed in a chimerical object.
Therefore, players who design their Forged or Crafted objects
with Glamour Pact may treat it as a bane, instead of a rede.

Bane Points: 3 (for Forged or Crafted chimera only)

* Jingle-Geasa— Once a day, the chimera mustsinga little
song involving his True Name. He can choose to sing it quietly
or in an isolated place, but the song must contain the True
Name, and it must be obvious in the song that this appellation
is the character's True Name (see the tale of Hop o' my Thumb
or Rumpelstiltskin).

Bane Points: 3

© Riddle-Game— The chimera is bound by the ancient rules
of the riddle. Any riddle or puzzle inexorably draws the chimera's
attention, and he applies his full attention to its solution. He will
not engage in any other activity until the riddle is solved. Further-
more, certain chimera bound by this bane must ask potential
opponents to solve a riddle before they engage in combat. If the

Riddle-Game
It is better to roleplay this game, particularly if the
Storyteller is good at riddles. The riddle-game is a
contest; one contestant proposes a riddle to his oppo-
nent, who must guess the answer within 3 minutes or
suffer a strike. If the opponent guesses correctly, she,
then, gets to pose a riddle to her opponent. The game is

played for one to three strikes, depending upon how long
the challenged wishes to play. The dice rolls are resisted,
with the questioner rolling Intelligence + Enigmas ver-
sus his opponent's Wits + Enigmas. Every success the
questioner achieves over 2 adds +1 to his opponent's
difficulty, while a botch for the questioner results in a
ridiculously easy riddle. If the opponent ties or obtains
more resisted successes, she wins the round and becomes
the new challenger.

xX

opponent wins the riddle-game, the chimera must concede tohis Chronicle he or she has established.
opponent's wishes or suffer 6 damage to Health Levels (opponents
who ignore the riddle and attack the chimera can be engaged in
combat with no fear of harm). All chimera bound by the riddle-
game must first attempt to win the game before entering combat
with a prospective opponent (most chimera with this bane possess
high scores in Enigmas and Mythlore).

The Banality of a character should be subtracted from her
Glamour rating to come up with the lowest possible number.
(For example: Mumpoker has a Glamour of 6 and a Banality of
3. Subtracting the Banality from the Glamour leaves him with
3 Glamour for the purposes of the chart below.) This formula

sometimes means the character's Banality is the dominant trait,
Bane Points: 2, if bound only when asked a riddle; 4, ifthe though seldom is it the case with changelings.

chimera must challenge opponents to a riddle before engaging

Time lapse refers to how long the effects last while the character
in combat

is in the Dreaming. "Permanent" indicates that any side effects last

*¢ Token — The chimera needs to use a physical object or for as long as the character remains within the Dreaming.
material to activate a particular rede. Often, the victim must

touch or ingest the token to engage the rede's effect.

Bane Points: 1

RE

Encering che Dreaming
Rating Mist Effect Time Lapse
10 Glamour None Instantaneous
9Glamour Clear Memory Instantaneous
8Glamour Slightly Confused = 1 Turn
7Glamour Slightly Confused 2 Turns

>

¢ Uncontrolled Redes — The whimsical, unexpected na-
ture of the Dreaming is apparent in the chimera. At inopportune
moments, the chimera's redes activate, especially near areas of
high Glamour. While these redes do not drain the chimera's
Glamour pool, the chimera cannot direct the redes in any way.

To possess this bane, the chimera must have at least one rede.

Bane Points: 1 +1 per 2 redes the chimera has. Glamour Disoriented 3 Tums (Ry
© Vulnerable Spot — The chimera has afaintly detectable 5 Glamour Déja Vu 1 Scene re J)
flaw in combat that a canny opponent can use to her advantage, 4Glamour Faint Recollection 1 Day
should she notice it. It could be a weakness in armor or a 3.Glamour Confused 1 Week
favoring of one side over the other. An opponent who searches 2Glamour Dazed 1 Month
for the flaw (he must announce that he is looking for it to roll) 1Glamour Awestruck Permanent
and achieves 3 or more successes on a Perception + Melee (or 0Glamour Nurbed Permanent
Brawl) roll, difficulty 8, detects the flaw and gains +2 dice to 1 Banality Numbed* Permanent
inflict damage and -1 difficulty to hit for the next 3 rounds. i ck
. 2 Banality Bitter' Permanent
If the opponent achieved 5 or more successes (or detects : "
, 3 Banality Frightened* Permanent
the spot supernaturally), the opponent sees an opening to Banal eres P
inflict amortal wound. For the next round only, she gains double 4 Banality Ang" ermanent
damage dice and -2 difficulty to hit. After that round, the 5 Banality Enraged* Permanent
opponent receives the standard bonuses for perceiving the flaw. 6 Banality —Denial* Permanent
Bane Points: 2 7 Banality Fae-Stroked+* Permanent
 Warding— The chimera is restrained by a simple ritual, 8 Banality Demented+* Permanent
charm or token. It might be a copper nail, horseshoes over a 9 Banality Catatonic+* Permanent
doorway or tying red ribbons in knots. If the charm is placed 10 Banality Forbidden Permanent

over a doorway or on a threshold, the chimera cannot pass
through until the charm is removed. Chimera avoid such
charms, and if forced to touch one, they receive a point of
damage for each round of physical contact.

* These individuals may enter the Dreaming only
ifaided by an enchantment. Garou and mages may enter
through alternate means, but they, too, are confused by
what they see.

The charm must be specified when the bane is purchased.

+ The Dreaming takes note of these individuals
Iron cannot be used as a charm.

and may lash out if they do anything that could cause It
harm. Others standing too near these lost souls could
well be destroyed in any actions the Dreaming might
deem necessary.

Bane Points: 1

The CDiszs Revisiced

The Mists of Forgetfulness are directly affected by the
levels of Glamour and Banality residing within anyone they Notes
touch. The higher the Glamour, the less the target is swayed. The notes listed below clarify the effect the Mists have on
The higher the Banality, the more the target is influenced. an individual. They also explain the power needed to control
Below is a simple chart for use as a guideline. The Storyteller that level of Banality or Glamour.
is encouraged to make whatever changes work best with the

10 Glamour: For all intents and purposes, this person is

a Se, Gre

completely connected with the Dreaming. The Mists would
simply work to protect the individual in question, as no need to
defend the Mythic Realms from banal poisons is present. No
changeling could ever hope to reach this level of Glamour
through natural means.

9 Glamour: The character might suffer from very minor
disorientation in the Dreaming, but already feels completely at
home. Only the most powerful Kithain could hope to achieve
this level of Glamour.

8 Glamour: Strong memories of past lives return very
quickly, but the character is likely to be left confused by the
influx of recollections.

7 Glamour: Images of past lives come back to the character,
but none make any sense initially. Faces and things that should
be familiar are, instead, very distracting.

6 Glamour: As memories of the past return, the character
is left in a state of disbelief. Most of the spectacular events that
occur have no influence on the character's state of mind. She
remains blasé about the situation.

5 Glamour: The character might spend hours, if left to his
own devices, trying to understand why certain aspects of the
Dreaming are so familiar. Many even get cold chills, as the
images of their past lives try, in vain, to resurface.

4 Glamour: The character remembers only faint images,
with no real connection to any coherent memories.

3 Glamour: The character is likely to give in to her fae
nature, but actually remains unaware of many changes going on
in her ways of thinking and her ways of behaving.

2 Glamour: While fascinated by the Dreaming, the char-
acter remembers nothing of her past lives.

1 Glamour: The character cannot easily comprehend the
nature of the Dreaming and is often distracted by the sights and
sounds around him. Nothing here is familiar, and all of it is a
new wonder. Most enchanted mortals are at this stage when
they enter the Dreaming.

O Glamour: The character is effectively unaware of the
Dreaming, even if he is walking through the most amazing
places It has to offer. In a short time, memories of the waking
world begin to fade slightly. The character remains aware of the
Flesh Realm, but has trouble remembering what it feels like to
wait in a bank line or to work hard for very little profit.

1 Banality: See above.

2 Banality: The character begins to act with hostility
toward anyone who comes close. Fear is the primary motivator,
as the natural instinct for preservation takes over in a place the
character is incapable of comprehending.

3 Banality: Confusion over the strange lands and the
stranger people occupying them holds sway over the character.
Everything is frightening and all Willpower rolls suffer a +2
Difficulty.

4 Banality: Confusion gives way to hatred. Most characters
stuck in the Dreaming at this level are halfway to becoming
Dauntain and hunting down the "demons" they seeall around them.

Dreams and Nighcmares

5 Banality: Many characters can't stand the sights around
them if they reach this level of Banality. They lash out at
anything within striking range, as they battle against their own
beliefs in the mundane.

6 Banality: The character refuses to believe anything she
sees, knowing on a deep level of her soul that she must have lost
her mind.

7 Banality: The character is completely overwhelmed by
the very concept of the Dreaming. Unless attacked, he can do
nothing but stare around himself, lost in thought and contem-
plation.

8 Banality: The world no longer makes sense. The charac-
ter is likely to attack anything and everything, in order to make
it all go away and return him to his "own world."

9 Banality: The character's mind gives way to uncon-
sciousness, rather than confront the surrounding truth. The
character is effectively useless as anything other than an over-
sized marionette.

10 Banality: The character is unable to enter the Dream-
ing. Should the character actually manage to enter the Dream-
ing, the Mythic Realm responds with violence, destroying this
blight that attacks it so blatantly.

The Mists of Forgetfulness also affect individuals who
leave the Mythic Realms. When a person leaves the Dreaming,
certain aspects of their memories become obscured. Banality
sets in, and many people begin to forget everything they
learned while in the Dreaming. The chart opposite reflects how
much is remembered by anyone who leaves the Dreaming. As
before, Banality should be subtracted from Glamour, and the
remaining rating should be compared to the chart.

Dream-Crafc Revisited

Dream-Craft, as originally presented in Nobles: The Shin-
ing Host, is a versatile Art, but one that was originally designed
before the book you have in your hands was written. Certain
tules have changed, and in order to ensure the usefulness of the
Dream-Craft Art, revisions were necessary.

@ Find che Silver Pach

Trods are stable, but the Dreaming constantly fluctuates.
Between the Firchlis and the often dense growth in the Mythic
Realms, to keep sight of a trod is sometimes a harder task than
it first seems. Additionally, many chimera use illusory Silver
Paths to lure the careless away from trods and into the Dream-
ing, where the protection of the Silver Path has no power to
repel chimera. This cantrip is very useful for telling false trods
from the real thing and is sometimes helpful for locating a Silver
Path when one has gone astray.

While Find the Silver Path is beneficial, the cantrip can't
accurately indicate what lies ahead ona trod. The Firchlis prevents
anyone from seeing farther than a changeling can see naturally.

The illusions created by chimera are often remarkably com-
plex. If confronted by illusions, fae using this cantrip must make a
Perception + Alertness roll, against a difficulty equal to the illusion-

Mist Effect
None
Clear Memory
Slight
Slight
Substantial

Rating
10 Glamour
9 Glamour

Time Lapse
None

None

1 Week

3 Days

1 Day

1 Scene

1 Turn
Instantaneous

8 Glamour
7 Glamour
6 Glamour
5 Glamour Faint Memories
4 Glamour

3 Glamour

Dreams
Dreams

Faded Dreams
Glimpses

No Memories
Disbelief
Confusion

2 Glamour Instantaneous

1 Glamour Instantaneous
0 Glamour
1 Banality
2 Banality
3 Banality
(Or Higher)

Instantaneous
Instantaneous
Instantaneous

Amnesia Instantaneous

Noczes

Time Lapse, in this case, refers to how long the clearest
memories of the Dreaming will last before they begin to fade.

10 Glamour: The character remembers everything
about the Dreaming. However, as Banality sets in, the
memories begin to fade.

9 Glamour: The character remembers most of what
happened in the Dreaming.

8 Glamour: Strong memories of everything that oc-
curred exist, but they fade in time or become confused.

7 Glamour: Strong memories still exist, but disbelief
begins to set in. Whether or not the character remembers
the events, they begin to take on a dreamlike quality.

6 Glamour: Most of the finer details no longer come to
light for the character. Past lives begin to fade, and only the
most significant events remain with the character.

5 Glamour: The character begins to lose even the

Leaving the Dreaming

strongest memories and recalls only the faintest details.
Travels through the Dreaming seem less substantial than the
waking world and are often thought of as little more than a
dream.

4 Glamour: Past associations brought to light in the
Dreaming become irrelevant. Even the most important
events and revelations seem trivial.

3 Glamour: The events that took place in the Dreaming
are still real for the character, but the memories are too faded.
Something happened, but the character couldn't tell anyone
what that something was.

2 Glamour: It was a lovely dream, but the character
remembers nothing more than having had a dream that was
pleasant (or horrific, as the case may be).

1 Glamour: The character starts wondering just where
the last few days went. Nothing substantial can be remem-
bered, beyond whose company the character shared during
that time.

0 Glamour: Full-scale amnesia. The character has no
idea that anything unusual has occurred, and he couldn't
explain to anyone why he didn't show up at work. While he
has no memories, the character is certain that everything is
okay anyway. Chances are, the character simply believes he
had a bad head cold or was exhausted and in need of rest.

1 Banality: Time is missing, and the character begins to
wonder if, perhaps, there's some mental aberration or nervous
disorder that could have made her forget the past few days.

2 Banality: If questioned about why the last few days of
memory are a blank, the character is likely to seek psycho-
logical help. A few disturbing images might come to mind if
the character concentrates and really struggles to remember
what happened.

3 Banality or higher: There are nomemoriesat all of what
happened in the Dreaming. The very concept of such a place
does not fit into the character's accepted views of the world,
and the notion of elves or fairies is absolutely ridiculous.

crafter's Glamour, in order to determine where the true trod is.

System: In most cases, the Realm Fae ° ¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ (Dweomer of
Glamour) is used in attempts to find the Silver Path, though
creative changelings certainly find uses for other Realms as well.

The number of successes indicates the range of the cantrip,
regardless of the Realm being employed.

1 Success — Can detect target within a few yards.

2 Successes — Can detect target within 100 feet.

3 successes — Can detect target within 100 yards.

4 Successes — Can detect target within 1,000 feet.

5 Successes — Can detect target within a mile.

@®@ The Derry Dance

The Firchlis is a powerful force within the Mythic Realms.

The Dreaming is constantly changing, and the Firchlis is a key
source of that change. Skilled fae can, with concentration and
preparation, influence the changes that the Firchlis brings. This
cantrip is always a risky proposition, as a botched roll is almost
certain to bring disaster.

System: The Realm Fae ¢¢ ¢ ¢ ¢ (Dweomer of Glamour) is
almost always used when casting this cantrip.

The number of successes indicates the range and duration
of the cantrip, regardless of the Realm being employed.

1 Success — Can influence the Firchlis in your immediate
area, within a few feet, for one turn. Only very minor alterations
are possible. (Can lessen or increase the intensity of one aspect
of the newly altered surroundings.)

2 Successes — Can influence the Firchlis within line of
sight, for one turn. (Can lessen or increase the intensity of two

Appendix 127


Oy

NY

Weekes

ma >

aspects of the newly altered surroundings.)

3 successes — Can influence the Firchlis within one mile,
for one scene. (Can lessen or increase the intensity of three
aspects of the newly altered surroundings.)

4 Successes — Can alter the type of Dream Realm that
appears when the Firchlis is done with the changes it brings.
(Can modify the moods of the arriving chimera or dictate the
weather that arrives with the Firchlis.)

5 Successes — Can radically change the arriving Dream
Realm until the next Firchlis passes through. (Can cause a
Nightmare Realm, Dream Realm, desired landscape or certain
type of chimera to appear. Note, however, that the chimera are
still independent creatures, and any negotiations with them
must be handled in the usual fashion.)

@OO Anchor

With this cantrip, a changeling can "solidify" the Dream-
ing to acertain degree, which allows her to establish a perma-
nent fortress within the Mythic Realm. The number of suc-
cesses indicates how stable the location is, as well as how
strongly the location is tied to the local trod. As the changeling
must anchor the newly created fortress to the Shining Path, a
certain element of protection against chimeraand the Thallain
is granted. The "fortress" may be of any shape the changeling
wants, provided he can skillfully sculpt the Dreamstuff.

System: Although most items anchored in the Dreaming
are made of chimerical materials, the nature of the item deter-
mines the Realm needed. Thus, if a signpost were to be an-
chored, Prop might be used.

The number of successes indicates the size of the fortress,
the strength of the fortress and its proximity to the trod to which
the fortress is anchored.

1 Success —Closet-sized barrier area giving only the barest
protection (+1 difficulty for attacking forces); must be in
contact with the trod.

2 Successes — Apartment-sized barrier allowing a +2 diffi-
culty for attacking forces; must be within a dozen feet of the trod.

3 Successes — Cottage-sized barrier, allowing a +2 difficulty
for attacking forces; must be within a dozen yards of the trod.

4 Successes — Mansion-sized barrier, allowing +3 diffi-
culty for attacking forces; must be within 100 feet of the trod.

5 Successes — Castle-sized barrier, allowing +3 difficulty
for attacking forces; must be within 300 feet of the trod.

@OO®@ Dream-Riding

This cantrip allows a changeling to interact with a mortal
dream while the Kithain is in the Dreaming. It is not always a wise

128

\ Se PP

thing to do, as the Kithain's actions can cause bizarre alterations to
the dream itself. While interaction is possible, actual control of the
dream is not. Using this cantrip in the waking world offers
changelings the chance to "ride" a mortal's dreams into the
Dreaming. However, such actions almost never leave the charac-
ter anywhere near a trod, and nearly always leave her at the mercy
of the local chimera. The character has no control over where the
Dream-Ride takes her within the Dreaming.

System: The appropriate level of the Actor Realm must
always be used when casting this cantrip.

The number of successes indicates the level of influence.

1 Success — Can change target in subtle ways, such as
increasing emotions or softening textures, etc.

2 Successes — Can hold active conversations with the
chimera in the dream and participate on a verbal level.

3 Successes — Can touch and interact with the dream,
which allows for manipulation.

4 Successes — Can remove aspects of the dream or alter
them in radical ways.

5 Successes — Can reshape the dream, at the risk of
whatever consequences such action creates.

@OQOS®@ Dream Weaving

Dream Weaving isa powerful cantrip that allows the fae literally
tocreate achimerical structure or entity from Dreamstuff. The cantrip
allows the changeling to create a chimerical home, a forest or even.a
chimera to suit her needs. Despite the power of this cantrip, few use it
save in dire circumstances, as it's far too easy fora chimera to break free
of its creator's will and establish its own existence within the Dream-
ing. Each use of the Dream Weaving cantrip costs 2 Permanent
Glamour, but the Glamour is easily replaced, as Dream Weaving
works only within the Mythic Realms. The Realm of this Cantrip
determines the maximum size of the chimerical creation.

System: The nature of the object to be created determines
the Realm needed: To create a tree, the Nature Realm would be
appropriate, while the creation of a suit of clothes would require
Prop.

The number of successes indicates the strength and durabil-
ity of the creation.

1 Success — Strength of a ten-year-old mortal; A rickety
old shack

2 Successes — Strength of an adult mortal; A well-built
trailer home

3 successes — Strength of a small horse; A well-built home

4 Successes — Strength of a Clydesdale; A good vault

5 Successes — Strength of a team of Clydesdales; Fort Knox

CAME STUDIO

GAMES FOR MATURE MINDS
8-4

i

lé

i

l