# File: Dreamspeakers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Crepits

Written by: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Ron Brown, Mike Danza, Anthony Hightower, Heather
J. McKinney, Alex Sheikman

Front Cover Art: Michael Wm. Kaluta

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Came STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews. White Wolf and Mage the
‘Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf

Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Dreamspeakers,
‘Cult of Ecstasy, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, The Vam-
pire Players Guide, Axis Mundi the Book of Spirits,
"The Book of Worlds, The Book of Madness, The Book
ofthe Wyrm, The Book of Mirrors, Ascension's Right
Hand and The Book of Shadows are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

Permission toreproduce blank character sheetsis.
granted for personal use only.

The mention of oF reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://
www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
ree.games frpstoryteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

SpeciAL THANKS To:

Rich "Coffin Break" Dansky, for making the chicken soup
without saving enough for himself.

Cary "Kitty Litter" Goff, for playing in Phil's sandbox.
Clayton "Scratching Post" Oliver, for providing a new toy
for Rich's Psycho Attack Kitry.

Rob "Starsky" Hatch, for looking "innocuous" enough to
learn cool cop tricks. Brrr...

Paul "Tongue Tied" Lepree, Chris "Star Child"
McDonough, Mike "Spaced Ace" Tinney and Greg "Cat's
Cradle" Fountain, for kissing up to that good ol American
cheese. °
Louvie "Backside Pass" Locklear, for putting Peter Criss
behind her. ae
Laurah "Shriner" Legend, for getting into the E&D spirit.
Lori "Boarding House" Snyder, forplaying "Stuff the Phone
Booth" with her apartment.

Ronni "Rantin" Radner, for rapping us across the knuckles,
with style.

Ethan "Dr. Woof" Skemp, for his perspective on the sex
lives of the dead and (un)buried.

Tan "Mighty Isle" Lemke, for going to Britain without
leaving his office.

...and Sarah "Blimey!" Timbrook-Nugent, forbeing looded
in Europe.

Avtuors' DepicAtioN AND THANKS:

To those who follow the dreams of equality, freedom
and universal love, who struggle to preserve nature in the
face of overwhelming opposition from government and.
industry, and especially to those modem shamans who
continue to serve their people in a world which no longer
believes in them.

To Floating Eagle Feather, friend and storyteller. He is
‘gone, but his spirit sings on.

To my unknown Cherokee and black ancestors, who
speak in the world of dreams: Thank youforthe inspiration.

Thanks again go to Carla Hollar for her efforts in
locating resources. Special thanks to Phil Brucato, who
carries the vision within his heart. Though he must jump
higher with every effort, his legs are very long.

Phil himself hanks Owl Goingback and Amy Reed for
‘many hours of fascinating, inspiring and informative dis-
‘cussion, wonderful friendship and good company. Osiyo to


CoNTENTS

Dreanssor SteELAND Concrete

CHAPTER ONE: SHATTERED VISIONS
CHAPTER Two: WALKING THE SPIRITPATHS
Cuarter THREE: BEYOND THE DREAMA

CHAPTER Four: SPEAKERS OF THE SACRED TONGUE
Aprennne INsipe tHe DREAMAWHEEL



DREAMS
OF STEEL AND
CONCRETE

him again that night,
he could not

The nightmares came
bering mouths uttering wor
understand. Michael felt their soundless speech
like a second skin, as though they were
trying to eat their way through his flesh. Unless he

FA could understand them, they would devour him,
Rb pice by tiny piece. He opened his mouth to scream

" and found himselfalling, eumblingendlesly down-
His own scream jolted

Outside, a fire truck roar
through his head. He'd lived in the city too

ward from nothing

nothingness
im out of the dream.
ng a swath of agony

At work, later, standing atop a narrow bridge of steel that
‘would soon become the 82nd floor of the Something-Manhattan
Office Tower, Michael looked down at his favorite landmarks —
Central Park, the elegant St. Patrick's Cathedral and the old lady
of skyscrapers, the Empite State Building. He saw his dream
phantoms emenging from the glass and steel skeletons around him.
He blinked, nearly losing his balance. Not a good move for an
ironworker. High steel didn't tolerate mistakes. Michael went to
work, shutting out everything except the task at hand.

He ate his lunch in uncharacteristic silence, seated with his,
raising gang. Usually, he was eager to contribute to the general
conversation after a morning spent communicating with the other
connectors through hand signals. Today, he hardly heard the jokes

DREAMS OF STEEL AND conchae

and sports talk. Everytime he opened his mouth to speak, his words
got tangled up in images from his dream. Halfway through lunch
hour, Hank ambled over to sit beside him. A 20-year veteran of the
high stcel, Hank had been his union sponsor three years ago when
Michael was fresh from the reservation and fist breaking into his
father's trade. It was Hank who'd tried to fil in when Michael's

father died in a fall wo years age
"What's up, Mikey?" Getting no reply, Hank tried again.
"Earth to Michael Skyhawk, what's up?" Michael turnedallttleto0
quickly, and shrugged.
"Nothing," Michael said, looking away. Hank stared at him
quiszically. Michael wanted to explain about the ghostly figure
but couldn't even begin telling Hank about his nightmares and

waking dream.

Just before quitting time, he heard the drumming. He barely
noticed the throbbing sound amid the whine of heavy drills and
clank of steel girders being hefted into place. But when it became
the only sound he could hear, he tried to locate the joker who had
brought a drum to work.

Perched overhead on a narrow girder, a wizened old man with
skin so dark he seemed like a silhouette looked back at him. He
lifted one hand from a double-headed skin drum and waved, then
went back tohis drumming. Michael couldn'timagine how he even
heard such a soft, pattering rhythm.


He signaled frantically for the figure to come down. The old

‘man wore no hard hat, no protective gear. From his backlit shape,

: he didn't seem to be wearing much of anything atall. The drummer
‘i waved again.

To bring the old man down, he would have to go up and get
him. Like most Mohawks who worked the high steel, Michael
refused all but the most minimal safety precautions. Hooks and
ropes hampered his movement and led to an artificial dependence
on gadgets. He preferred to rely on his own sureness and steady
nerves. He began to climb

Above him, the old drummer seemed excited, and stood up to
lean toward Michael. Gating upward he realized the drummer had
withered breasts —an old woman. Shi, she's gonna fll! He tried
to hurry, not entieely watching where he was going.
Straining upward, Michael extended a hand to reach for
the old woman. His fot slipped. Suddenly he was back inside
his dream. Screaming, falling, eyes meeting those of the old
woman, he plummeted down. For a moment, frozen in place,
suspended ceaily between earth and sky ina timeless breath
of unreality, he heard the gibbering voices again. Throw
{ng his arms out wildly, impossibly tying to catch hold
of something solid, Michael connected
sider. Bone-jarring pain shot up boch arms as he
srasped unyielding metal. His grip felt weak, un-
certain, but Michael clung fiercely tothe stel,
legs dangling as he hung in mid-air, only a
handgrip away from the street, hundreds of
Hp) feet below. Doubting anyone could hea, the
young ironworker sereamed for help.

th w narrow

The next few minutes seemed dreamlike
in theie intensity. His fingers ached from the
rough steel. Michael gritted his teeth, locking
his hands together around the gitder. Finally,

some of the men below him pointed upward and
reacting witha flurry of activity. Fatalism washed
through him, leaving strange calm in its wake

Either they'll get to me or they won't. Chancing a quick
look above him where the old woman had been, Michael
saw only empey space

"I've gor you, son. Stay with us while we get you out
cof this mess."

Michael heard Hank's voice and felt the safety
hamessbeing snapped around his waist. Hankhelped
Michael release his death grip. As his fingers were
pried loose from the metal, he panicked, shudder-
ing with the fear that he might fall again. When he
knew he was safe, the sudden relief brought giddy
elation as Michael realized that death had stepped

aside. Only part of him kept track of his rescuers
progress as they maneuvered him out of danger,
hustlinghim into the lift down tothe street.
Hank rode down, too, worry plain on
his craggy face

"They've got an amb
lance waiting," Hanksaid
as he stepped out of

the elevator car and


helped Michael onto the sidewalk.

"Idon'tneed one," Michael said. He started to explain thathe
‘was fine, but his legs buckled beneath him, and his head exploded
ina warm bust of bright coldes that led to blackness.

‘The sound — one sharp tap followed by a steady rainfall of
raps and taps — woke him, He opened his eyes toa no-color world
of blacks, grays and ghostly whites. Slowly shapes resolved into a
stainless steel sink, plastic chair and nightstand.

I'm sil m the hospital. Michael curned his head cowand the
window, where moonlight streamed faintly through the flimsy
‘curtain, A shadow hovered outside. He tried to focuson the shape,
and heard shythmic drumming. He rushed to the window, shoving
the curtain aside to get a better look, hear pounding in time tothe
drumbeat.

He beat on the glass. The drummer nodded, raised « hand in
‘a wave, then went back to drumming.

"What do you want? Michael yelled, slamming hisfiston the
alas.

"Is everything allright, Mr. Skyhawk? I heard a noise."

Michael opened his eyes. He wasstill in bed. The nurse flicked
the lighton. Michael looked atthe window, but was unable to see
anything beyond the room's reflection in the plas.

"Thadabad dream," he said, immediately regrettinghis words.

"Tl bring you something to help you sleep," the soft-voiced
rue sui

"Idon't need anything," Michael replied, but she had already
left. Quickly, he rose and went co examine the window for the
smudge marks that should have been left by his fists. The glass was
clean. [am not lasing my mind. Taking a deep breath he made his,

‘way back to bed. The nurse returned with water and a large orange
pill. He didn'e awaken again until morning.

Discharged the following day, Michal spent the aftemoon
‘dooking up at the towering buildings. That night, he came home
‘witha 12-packanddrank himself into a deeamless stupor. Thenext
day, he went to work.

‘Stepping out onto the giders, Michael moves to observe his
favorite view. Ashe neared the edge he heard the drum again, and
‘broke out in a sudden sweat. Whipping around, he looked for the
cold woman, then realized that the pounding was from his own
heart. Dry-mouthed, he stared over the edge and down, capeured by
the terrifying allure of the street far below. He jerked back from his
precarious position, realizing he had almost fallen again. Forcing
himselfto concentrate, he shakily started the climb up to the day's
‘work area.

By lunchtime he ached from the slow, careful planning and
placement of each hand and foothold. At lunch, Michael couldn't
‘eat. He began a frightened, laborious crawl tothe elevator and rode.
to the ground. Even there, Michael's legs felt too weak and his
stomach too knotted to allow him to eat. He walked across to
Dooley's instead. Several beers later, he felt bolstered enough to go
‘back to work. Michael paused to look up at the framework rising
above him. Churning terror rushed upward from his feet through
the top of his head as he felt himself falling into the sky.

‘When he came to, the gang boss was standing over him. "Go
home, kid," he said, "Come back tomorrow if you're feling better.

We'll find somethin' for ya." As he left, Michael heard the gang
boss tell someone, "Lost his nerve. Happens all the time, One
‘minute they're connectors, the next they never go up the steel
again. Damn shame."

Al during the next week, Michael promised himself he'd
return to work. He heard the drum whenever he tried to sleep,
invading his dreams, bringing with it the voices he felt he should
know, but didnt. The only cure lay in the pain pills prescribed for
hhis wrenched muscles and the six-packs he ventured out for each
day. Eventually he didn't hear the drum anymore.

‘The nightmares began again. Screams echoed through his
hhead and switled through hallucinogenic landscapes of endless
steel frameworks covered with metallic webbing. Inevitably caught
ashe fle from the spiderlike creatures who created t, he struggled
vainly until awakening. Sometimes, far off in the dream, he
‘thought he heard tchoes of tapping. Waking covered in sweat, he
‘would crawl from the bed and siti his armchair until dawh, On the
fifth night, as he again woke and moved toward the chair, he saw
a shadowy figure i it

‘She tapped once sharply on her drum and sighed, He squeezed
his eyes closed, shaking his head, denying what he saw,

"Don't shake your head at me, boy," she whispered, her voice
like snakes slithering over rock. "You're poisoning your own
dreams and laying yourself open to bad possession. You got to get
‘over this and go back up the stecl!"

‘He laughed bitterly. "You don't know what you're asking."

"Yes, | do," she answered. "I's you who doesn't understand.
Whatever happened to showing brave? You got to gather your
‘courage, boy, oF you'll stay on the ground the est of your life, After
the fint 40 feet or 40, it makes no difference how far you fall. Forty
feet, or a thousand and 40 fect, you're most likely dead when you
hie the ground. The only difference isin how you see it. How did
I getup there? How can Thover outside a window 10 floors up! Why
can't youdo that to0? Youare the skyhawk. Youneed tofly, and you.
can. All you've got to dois believe, so come on, boy, wake up!"

Her last words brought him fully awake, and he sat up

suddenly in bed. Shame for his cowardice and determination to
prove himself warred within him as he dressed. False dawn painted
the sky ashe reached the construction site. He let himself through
‘an opening in the fence and moved to the elevator, beginning his
ascent.
‘On the 80th floor, he moved resolutely toward the outer
framework. Concentrating on nothing but the hand and footholds
hhe needed, he started the climb to the top. His breath rasped
shallowly as sweat broke out on his forehead and prickled against
his armpits and back. With shaking hands, he pulled himself
‘upward. On top, no overhead beams sheltered him from the sky.
The skeletal framework made up a floor without wall supports. He
felcas fhe were being offered up on some moder equivalent ofan
altar tothe gods. Gathering his courage, Michael looked down and.
feleas if he were toppling into an endless chasm. He jerked back,
almost falling as he overcompensated.

Hishear'sthythm beat in his ears. "How can {hover 10 floors
1up? Why can't 30u do that 0?" Got to believe, he thought shakily.
‘Show brave. Slowly at first, then with greater confidence as he felt
his fear sare co leave him, he began to dance along the girder. He
danced to the beat of his heart, an old dance of his people,


movement made new again ashe leapt from beam to beam. As the
sun rose, he lifted hisarmsin greeting, then closed hiseyes, dancing
faster and faster. Ifhisis a dream, he thought, I prefer itt reality. I
am the skyhawk.

Opening is eyes so he could know the moment ofhis choice,
Michael fel a rush of purest ecstasy as he stepped off the building
and into the dream.

Lexicon

Most "official" Council terms reflect the Traditions' Indo-
European roots; thus, such titles carry litele of no significance
among the Dreamspeakers. While these medicine workers still use
standard words such as "Avatar" or "Quintessence" in mixed
they prefer calling such concepts by their "true names"
among themselves

‘Aiyana — Spirit guide; Oracle. The word means "eternal

Diaspora — The scattering of African tribes throughout the
world as a resule of the slave trade; any dispersion of groups of
people through exile, enslavement or emigration.

Dreampath — A path or roadway through the Umbea,
Dreampaths can either connect locales in the Otherworld or form
bridges allowing passage into the dreams of another. Some believe
that dreampaths correspond in some fashion with changcling
trod.

Dreamtime — The sprit world; to Australian aborigines, it
nes the true world withenst limitations of time or space.

pee

compan

O58ESS,

vi

x

repre

Great Dream — This vison of an Earth reclaimed for itself
and transformed into a new home fo all its inhabitants (spits
Dreamspeaker lore.

Howahkan — "Mysterious voice"; Avatar See also Mauiya
and "Uhane
‘* _ Kaimi—A newly Awakened Dreamspeaker who has not yet
undergone initiation; seeker; Apprentice.

Mawiya — The life force within all things, called Arman by
other Traditions; sometimes wed as another word for Avatu

Medicine — Magick as understood by all shamans; the
term distinguishes this gift ofthe spirit from sorcery, which is
power wielded for personal gain. Most native cultures view
sorcerers (including other magi) as evil, selfish or deceitful
beings, to be watched carefully and dispatched when they
become a threat. The difference between magick and
medicine colors most Dreamspeakers' views of their
fellow wizards, and exuses difficulties to this day

Moe'uhane — Literally "soul sleep," this word
describes each individual's personal dream or vision.

‘Nahimana—A Dreamspeaker whohasachieved
mastery in at least one form of medicine (Sphere); a
wisdom keeper or Master.

Path of Nightmares — Summation of all the
corrupted uses of Spirit magick as practiced by Vision
Mockers and sorcerers.

Rituals — Rotes; spells.

8 DREAMS
z

=


—— =

Sacred Objects — Tools wsed to concentrate and direct the
powers of Dreamspeakers; foci.

Shaman — The standard term for "mages" within the
Dreamspeaker Tradition, this usually denotes a tribal medicine
‘worker who has traveled the realms berween life and death. Ocher
names for Dreamspeakers are included below.

‘So'cha— One who has completed her first initiation into the
ranks of the Dreamspeakers; initiate, Disciple.

Society of Dreams — Name commonly used to denote the
Tradition as a whole.

Sorcerer (Witch) — One who uses magick for personal
power, Sometimes this word also describes Nephandi or mages
from other Traditions.

Tarehe — A meeting for spirit-walkers in the Dreamlands,
where matter of great importance are discussed in a protected
circle,

Tisa — The Path by which « Dreamspeaker approaches
Ascension, an ongoing attempt to reach higher levels of conscious-
‘nes and to use that awareness forthe betterment of others. Tisa is
‘Tibetan word meaning "ladder."

‘Uhane — The Avatar; Dreamspeakers acknowledge four
types of ‘Uhane, which roughly correspond to the four Essences.
‘These are: Donoma ("visible sun"), akin vo Pattern; Masha ("pow
erful"), associated with Primordial; Haidens (lioness), which
‘corresponds with Dynamic; and Virena ("hero"), similar to the
Questing Essence.

Vision Mocker — A Dreamspeaker whohas betrayed the rue
Path and entered into a treaty or pact with evil spirits; aka.

Wemilo — Term used for Dreamspeaker Adepts, the word
‘means "all speak to him" and implies someone worthy of respect;
an elder.

OtHER TERMINOLOGY

Many disparate cultures came together co make up the
Dreamspeaker Tradition, bringing with them their own words.
"These are wed interchangeably throughout the text. Dreamspeaker
players should choose one ortwo of the following (whichever seem
‘most appropriate) and stick with them. Names given to spirits are
capitalized to make i cleat when they are in use.

‘© Dreams — Dreams may be referred toas visions, Maya the
rachway ofthe mind the slecpingrealm, moe whan, sit isa
tions and waking sleep.

© Drsamapeiny — The Tec! cei hat given tx
the following synonyms: clever men and women,.the wise, sami
(Cwise"),lorekeepers, bathita ("the fornmate ones"), hongred
servants ofthe tribe, medicine men, ha ("people of destiny"), rama
(Cpeophets"), gower (rainmaker"), Khavadi ("those-whose visions-
shape-the-word"), spirit doctors, kata ("men of high station"),
medicine workers, terki ("voices of the spirits"), dreamcallers,
canwvari (*those-of-greatknowledge"), maskai ("the powerful),
bedulaos (dine, saga (re), spi worker, men ofhigh
degree and wise women, among others

® Spirits — These are also known as the Invisible, Other Beings,
‘wa, Little Brothers and Sisters, Shining Ones, the Timeless, Friends
‘Within, Hidden Helpers, Beethren, E(the Mayan wordfor"brother"),
Grandfathers, Grandmothers, Umbrood, Wisdom Speakers, Vision
Guides, Beanches of the Sacred Tree, Weavers of the Hoop and
Meridians (enengy currents).



SHATTERED

VISION

(HISTORY)

The dreams ofthe dreamer
Are life drops tha pass
The break in the heart
To the soul's hourglass

Georgia Douglas Johnson, "The

All around him, Michael heard the sound of
drums, thythms and timbres pounding and th
bing in a splendid cacophony of driving beats

sound fombehinthim Michel biakedanlocked

Be cived itself into x fine network of spiderwebs that
behind it.

Down here" the vice coined. Michael lke down and
Seam

and stopped you from killing yourself with drugs and
boore, too, didn't I?

ans of the Dreamer"

Her voice cracked whiplike. The young Mohawk smarted from
the verhal blow

"Inthe material world, the one you left tocome here, youstepped
4 the top ofa building. Where are younow? Did you land there —on
the pavement in some unrecognizable bloody mass of crushed bones

and splattered brains? Or are you here, with me — with all of us — in
nthe real story of your life? Will you

are, ot would you ruther return

aplace where youare about to
hear what I tell you of who you rea
tothe world you know and give upall you might have been? You stand
on the edge. You have taken the first step and begun the dance. Will
broken-voiced forever!"

-," Michael began

you sing the spirit song or live

"Lhave no idea what you're talking about
faltering as she began to laugh.
"Oh, really? Then open yourself to the dream, and
The confused babble of voices he had heard in his nightmares
rose up, threatening to deafen him. Just when he thought he'd be
driven insane, he heard, underneath them all, the soft patter of the
drum. And he heard a soft, strangely rhythmic man's voice speak:


BeroretHe COUNCILOF NINE

always quicker than the white eye and no matter hone
lose you get to my heart you will never find out my
secrets and 'lnever tell you and I'inever show you the
Im eaveling heavy with illusions.
— Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and
‘Tonto Fistigh in Heaven
Brother, I speak to you in the language of my
people. You hear me in the language of dreams. My part in your
‘Awakening isto tell you ofthe beginning time. In the darkness of
the earth, the seed awakens and looks around, wondering where it
came from and how itcame to be. You are that seed, and this is the
story of where you came ffom, the tale of your ancestors.

‘We are not ofthe same tribe, bt all people are one — made
soby the Great Spiric that some call the One Ancestor, the Creator
‘orthe Mother. In that making, the Great One had need of helpers
to shape the world and the people who would be in i, and so were
‘created the Pure Ones, beings of radiant energy and wisdom, of
‘great power and unsullied sprit.

‘Other Traditions say theirs were the fist Paths of true magick.
‘Accordingtotheirhistories, these claims may hold some truth. Our
history as Dreamspeakers begins with the Council of Nine, in 1466
according tothe calendar of the West. But we existed long before
we took that name unto ourselves. We, too, can claim that our
medicine dates from the time ofthe first people, for we are the first

people. We have been here since the time before time, when the

worl reams of itself were fluid and changing, and magick was
commonplace. We have existed for thousands of years in harmony
with the spirits and the Earth. We are true workersof medicine, and
we ae called Dreamspeakers. The Pure Ones taught us theie ways
som@har we might be caretakers of the world.

‘Our Tradition is « porlatch of diverse peoples and cultures,
thrown together by those who understood none of us — only that
we practiced magick and had mastered the Sphere that they called
Spirit. inthis, they were both rightand wrong. Wrong because they
‘saw only the color of our skins, the strangeness of our customs, and
believed us too primitive to fit in elsewhere. Right because without
knowing it, they reunited us,allchildren ofthe same mother. Their
failure was in not understanding that they shared kinship with us
aswell

Do not let our name mislead you. We speak the language of
dreams, but we are far more than the mouthpiecesof the spirits. We
archealers and world travelers, givers of names and defenders of our
visions. We are the last remnants of what were once proud peoples,
and the dreams we now carry within us will shape the future of the
world yet tocome. To understand who you are, you must fist know
who we all are. Each of the groups who came together to form the
Dreamspeakers has a different world view, yet each holds certain
truths in common. Each shall speak for itself and tell you of our
origins

TRAVELERS THROUGH THE DREAMTINE

‘We have been here since the time before time began, We have come
<irectly out ofthe Dreamtime of the Creative Ancestors. We have lived
and kept the Earth as it was on the first day.

— Australian Aboriginal tribal elder

‘On the first day, the Creative Ancestors moved across a
barren world, giving bith to mountains, seas, plants and animals.
‘Wherever they stepped, they created something that was not there
before. Before they took those steps, they dreamed what they would
make. All things were possible in the Dreamtime; all things could
become other things. Mountains might transform into animals.
‘The Ancestors could be animals or men. Plants could walk about
because all things were interchangeable and one, <.

‘The Creative Ancestors grew tired and went into the clouds,
the sky, the mountains, the people, the animals and the plants.
Each left behind a part of itself to connect us together and remind
us that visible and invisible are the same.

All peoples were created here, but not all could stay. They
forgot the Dreamtime Law after the Ancestors withdrew com-
pletely into the invisible world. Some forgot the language of
creation, and forgot that all time is one time. They forgot that
things cannot be owned, and no longer felt the lifeforce which rises
from the Earth through the feet and up into the head. They tore at
the ground and enslaved their brothers, the animals. Our lost kin
forced plants to grow where they did not wish to be. They built
shelters and wrapped themselves in the dead pelts of their sisters to
ceut themselves off from their connection to the wind and the rain.
and the changing ways of nature. They had to go out from here for
they forgot that they were only a part of the Great Dream of the "
‘world. They forgot that the Earth was alive, that it had dreamed
itself into existence.

‘Many believe that these forgetful people were the fist, for
when they came to new lands, they built great cities and stayed in.
cone place. They burrowed into the ground and brought up stones.
and metals, cut and planted, and forced animals to serve them.
‘These things have let signs for later people to find.

Those who stayed behind honored the sacred visions of the
land. We used only what came to hand, and left no scars upon the
Earth. When hunting, we took only those who were prepared to
surrender to the dream of death; when we gathered seeds and
plants, we harvested no more than our share. Many of our people
were Awake to the spirits that inhabie all things, and knew their
hearts to be one with those of the land.

‘We lived within the Dreamtime, understanding the need to
‘move back and forth from the slid world tothe Otherworld. Those
‘who could step across the boundaries most easly acted as guides for
those who could not. By entering into the invisible world and.
bringing back messages, we helped our people remain true to the
Great Dream. They called us wise women and men of high degree.

(Ourunderstandingallowed usto move through different parts
of the Dreamtime, reaching back to the earliest days and forward


{nto the dreams that ace yet tobe. We spoke with spirits, heard the
thoughts of our people, and knew the forces of nature. Calling forth
the potency of the Earth in dances and songs, we made ourselves
and the land strong and vital; healing illness and injury by bringing
the body back into communion with its inner self. All these
activities would later be known as magick. To us, they were the
natural state of the word.

The sacred vision ofthe Earth is like a seed waiting to bebo,
into a plant. All that will be is already present in the seed. It does
no good to force the seed to be something other than what it was
intended. The Great Dream is complete. We must remember that
‘our dreams are meant to form only a part of that greater vision.
"Though the Dreamtime seems far removed, we are in transition
‘There may be only a few of us left, but the rest wait for us in the
timeless time of the invisible world. You are a part of this, t00, a
small seed seeking the spark that will use youto flower. Youhave
only to Awaken ftom slumber into the true dream of the world

Dream Priests of AFRICA

All the power that was, that is, chat ever shall be, is there waiting
ossoming realy of Spring. Seep, andi chat leping, wake. Go into
the darkness and once there, s¢e the light.

—Luisuh Teish, Caria of the Sprit

Tam one of the living dead, an ancestor remembered from the
third generation since my death, and I speak to you from within this
priestess, who lends me her mouth and body that you may know us
all

Weare he children ofsun and moon, lightand darkness, wind
and rain, thunder and lightning, and all the natural forces of
change and growth. Our true history lies not in books, but in the
minds of our lorekeepers and storyteller. It is the tale of kings,
warriors, priests, hunters, farmers and craders. Our people built
great empires before white men ever laid eyes on our lands. We
were ancient when the Egyptians came to power.

All African people know the world came from one Creator,
whose children embod the greater and lesser pats of that creation.
(Outsiders claim that we worship many gods, but we know better.
We honor the spirits of nature and those of our ancestors who act
as the links between Creator and creation, but we do not worship
them,

The Creator and sustainer of the world has many names, takes
rmany forms, and has many spirit helpers. The Yoruba speak of
‘Obatala, the maker ofthe world, whose animal isthe spiralshelled
snail, and of Olurun, Lord ofthe Sky, distant and unknowable, who
birthed Olodumare and Eleda, the twin forces that power the
universe. The Voudoun of Dahomey tell of Nana Buluku, mother-
father of Mawu (the moon) and Lisa (the sun). Her only temple
marks the place where once she dwelled. There, she speaks to het
priests, teaching them a hundred tongues. Yemonja, the queen of
dreams, who is alo the water from which all life springs and in
which al life begins, and her son Olukun, the god of the ocean,
hol between them all chat is necessary for passing on life fromone
‘generation to the next. We are Fulani, Dogon, Ashanti, Masali
Ibo, Zaku, Himba. We come from the Ivory Coast of West Africa,
the Great Rift of East Africa and the veldt of Africa's southern tip.


We are of many tribes and languages, some enemies toone another,
others allies. Only the eyes and the chains of outsiders have
imprisoned us in one category.

They call us Dreamspeakers, but we are witch doctors, priest-

cess, diviners, houngans, babalawos and sangoma. We

‘were the first healers, the first to treat unbalanced

‘minds, the first priests and storytellers. We travel the

Otherworlds, change into animals and learn

what it is to be "other," welcome good spirits

would do harm to others. Iris our task to speak

with the Iwa, to learn what they have to teach,

and to pass on messages they have for the living.

We have done so for thousands of years; we will do $0
in the future.

WARRIORS OF THE VISIONQUEST

Remember, we are here for a grand purpose, beyond.
self. We are the caretakers.

—Coyote Thunder, Apache elder

Hear my words, for I speak the dreams o
of the Pure Land.

The songs of the shapeshifters tell how the Pure Folk, whom
some call the "Wyck," brought them across a great land bridge to
a place untouched by corruption. With them came the People,
whose eyes still saw the invisible world, whose hearts had no
forgotten the songs and the rhythms of the Earth Mother. We were |
the first Dreamers, and without the spiritwalk in quest of a new .
Vision, we could not have come to this place.

he spirits

(Our stories tell of many different journeys. The People of the
southem forests remember their beginnings in the mud of the
Lower World, where they were fashioned into human form by the
working of someone powerful. The Howahkan of the
Upper World joined the clay of the Lower World,
becomingone creature, who belonged toboth worlds
and to the Middle World, the Earth. The southwest-
‘em People traveled through many underground ways to
reach this one. The details of their journey make up a secret.
story, told only at sacred times to those worthy of hearing i.

The People of the plains, too, entered this world from below

Coyote's blood formed the People of the plateau, Raven
created the People of the cold northern lands. Some of the
People of the northeastern woods call themselves the chil-

A. ‘atonce, but through them runs one great tale, the story of the

4 ‘coming of the People to Earth, to the Land of the Turtle, the
Middle World, the Pure Land.

sa We are the sons and daughters of Earth and Sky,

the animals and plants are our brothers and sisters. We
came from the womb of the Earth, and the Grandfa-
thers touched us and taught us — as they still do.
Whether ornot we came to the Island of the Turtle
— which some call the American continent — from
some other place, our eyes were the first co see its
beauty, our ears the first to hear the thunder in
SERDD\ the sky above our heads. Ours were the first


bodies tofee the smn's warmth and the life-bringing moisture of the
rainfall. To us, the features of che land are sacred. We came from
acavein this mountain, or rose up from the waters ofthat lake. This,
great river marks the place where Ukten, the river serpent, made
‘his home, and that rock bears the footprints of a giant.

‘Our medicine folk, our shamans, healers and sacred clowns
keep the knowledge of our beginnings and our connections tothe
spirit world, the Lower World and all the worlds around us. They
are Dreamspeakers not only because they have been given that
‘name, but because they speak to us ofthe world of visions. Some
have journeyed tothe land of the dead and returned to share with
us the powers they guined from touching the next world. Others
walk the paths of the invisible world and meet with the totem
spirits who live there,

‘Out people are the 500 nations; Iroquois, Cherokee, Zuni,
Ojibwa, Inuit, Athapaska and Salish are only a few of our names.
Wee are hunters, fishers and farmers. Or we were, before strangers
came to the Pure Land and made us conform totheir customs. Some
cof us will keep the old ways, but more have traveled far from the
ancient paths. Kecpers of the bond between the Great Spirit and
his children, between the Earth Mother and her offspring, we
dream of the Pure Land chat was and that will one day be again.

have spoken.

Keepers of tHe BALANCE

‘We only come to sleep, we only come to dream:

itis not rue, not rue, that we come to this world to ive,

We come to change ourselves in green spring grass.

(Ouerheart grow green aan, they open into crowns.

(Our body i a flower — it blossoms, and then dries.

—Nahuatl verse from the Aztec, "We Only Come to Sleep"

From deep within the Earth, we came to the sunlit worl, a
world bor from the words ofthe gods. We live a life borrowed from
the gods, who spilled cheir blood over the bones of the frstrace and
ave us life. One day we must return that life to them. You know
‘our ancestors asthe Aztecs, Toltecs, Olmecs, Zapotecs and Maya,
but we are older than any of those great fallen culeures.

We paid homage to the feathered serpent, the smoking
mirror, the flayed god, the god of the underworld, the skybearers
and other great powers. Jaguar and Eagle taught us the way of the
‘warrior and guve us their forms when they were needed. Theit
children, the Balam, Pumonca and Hashiya, remain hidden on the
fringes of our world, but they come when we need them. We share
‘a common bond, a common blood given by gods.

‘Tohonor those gods, we built great cities filed with temples.
‘Wemmaule sacrifices to keep the balance between lifeand death, and
to pay the gods back for the lives they had given us. Our diviners
read the signs and kept the calendar so that we might live in
‘harmony with the cycles of the world. Our priests, who were
sometimes our kings as well, interpreted the gods' words and read
the omens that guided our lives. Our shamans gave their bodies to
the animal Er and rook their forms, inviting a link between the
‘worlds of spirit and flesh,

‘You have heard of the Inca, but do you know of the Cégaba
and Chibcha? The Caribs, Muisca, Quechua or Aymara? We, t00,
are Dreamspeakers, hough most of our dreams ar lost.

"The southem American continent, with its great rainforest
and towering mountains, ve us life, but the Otherworld gave us
‘meaning. The Shining Ones lived all around us. We sang, danced,
and made offerings to the great beings of the spitit world. To us,
dreams were portents of the future, and we listened tothe messages.
that came to us in the language of symbols.

‘Sofew speak for us today, bu those few will not remain silent.

THe WAY oF THE KAHUNA

Que ancestors came from the far west. Ours are the islands of
Polynesia and Hawai'i, built from the fire within che Earth and
‘carvedby the oceans, populated bythe wind and waves that cartied
upon them the whispers of life.

‘We cultivated the spirits and gathered their energy, their mana,
‘Ourkings and qacens kepe that power safe, guarding it forthe good of
their people. We heard the voices of the Little Brothers every day, in
the sicrings of Pele, the godess of the voleano as she walked within
thecarth andinthe kody of Mano, the shark, who ruled the ocean that
surounded ws. Our priests — kahunas — interpreted the wll ofthe
souk, und did the work of the dream world. Today, many of their
survivors have joined the Dreamspeakers; others, called Kopa Loci,
cantinve the old ways without welcoming newcomers in out lands
Beforeourancestorsknew ofotherlandsand people, they werehealers,
wisdom keepers, teachers and overseers of rituals. They walked and
talked with the Hidden Helpers, who tnught the people to live in
harmony with the land. Our kahunas protected us fom evil sorceress,
who worked dirk magicks and brought sufering, disease and other
evils to torment the living.

‘As in other lands where Dreamspeakers kept alive the link
‘beewoen the Otherwoeld and the world of mater, We 00 fll before
the civiliers and thei missionaries. But we have not disappeared
utterly. We grow strong once again.

OtHer Voices

We ofthe Buryat, Yagakir, Tungusand other tribes of Siberia,
and the Lapps of northern Scandinavia count ourselves among the
Dreamspeakers as well. The word "shaman fist applied to us. I
came from the Evenki word saman — "one who knows." Tibetan
and Himalayan Dreamspeakers have stories and historiesasold and
rich a the ones you have heard.

Donot believe that we come only from afew places; the world
‘beyond the flesh iseverywhere, We have only recently come out of
hiding, for the grasping reach of the Soviet Union has been
shortened. The Chinese now regard many of us as "cultural trea
sures," living relics of a bygone age. Working within strange
parameters as "entertainers," we perform ceremonies and healings
before attentive auxiences, who view what. we do as historical
drama. Thriving wherever there are tribes in need of our help, we
Ihde behind such titles as "lorekeepers." Do not chink we are not
there simply because you do not see us, for like our Invisible
Brethren, we are a part of the life ofthe Earth; our inner voices
prevail over attempts to silence them. Even the destruction of our
‘outer shells does not always rid the world of our presence. We
continue. We pass on our wisdom, and guard the sacred places for
all.


OUTOF MAANY, ONE

‘The drum shall beat so my heart shall beat. And
I shall live a hundred thousand years.
— Shirley Daniels
‘The voices continued as Michael wandered
after the old woman, following her into the cob-
webbed forest. Ase pasted towering skeletons of
‘steel and mesh, his stomach rolled with vertigo. If
this is a dream, he mused, it's a damned realistic ome.
F| Anda long one, too. The journey seemed to
last hours, then days. The oki woman led the
steelworker into iron gardens and asphalt caves. By the dim flickers
‘of street lamps and television screens, he saw a world transfixed
with false dreams, mass-produced visions which held out hopes
they would never fulfill. He saw children with guns and basketballs,
and warched dark sii coiled around feral pack of young war-
iors. The noise of boom boxes, cars and shouting drowned out the
‘elder voices in the city's familiar wash of sound.

"Is it like this back on the rez, too" he asked the old woman
at length.

"In ways, boy, it's worse. This age of man is dying, and people's
spirits die with it. There's lots of nightmares hanging around to cat
the met off out work" she sai, shooing off a rippled creature
with vacant hungry eyes, "and we've become what we are to chase
them off before they ea ial away."

"Who's this ‘we' you keep talking about?" he demanded,
annoyed. The walkabout had made his feet sore and sent his mind
offon wild tangents.

"If you'd shut your face, you might learn something," the elder
‘cracked. Chastened, Michacl fell silent, and concentrated on the
voles again,

In time, the murmur resolved. One voice in particular seemed
to gand out. And he listened...

Brother, hear now the story of how we came to be known as
Dreamspeakers, when before we were clever men and women,
shamans, elders, wisdom keepers and many other names.

‘There was a time when we were one with the witches called
Verbena. We did not call ourselves a Tradition; that word did not
yet exist, We shared — and still share —a closeness with the Earth
and a reverence for life, but long ago we found different ways to
‘express that affinity. We chose the path of the spirits, for we hold
‘that our Mother Earth and everything on Her, in Her and around
Her posesses consciousness. Our tak consists of peaking to our
Invisible Kin and carrying their message to the physical world.

‘We came from many places, traveling across wide oceans,
‘crossing hostile lands to attend a grand wizards' Convocation in a
place called Horizon. Many of us endured hardships, privarionsand
terror of the unknown, trusting in the Great Mother and Father
‘their Invisible Chikirento guides Some nevermade etothat
first gathering, felled along the way by those who feared thei
‘strange garb and colored skin, or by diseases from which they had
no protection. Those people we encountered seemed equally
strange to us. Their clothing, customs, even the food they ate was
unlike anything we had seen before. They prayed to different gods,

and spoke harsh languages we could not understand. Still, our
visions drove us to make accord with other wisdom keepers.

‘Those of us from the Dreamtime of Australia met people who
sheltered within the torn-up bones ofthe Mother, hiding from their
brothers, the elements, and who gouged the Mother'sskin with hard,
shining stone that would not break. We of the deep junglelands
«encountered those whote skins were the color of death and whose
‘eyestrapped the sky. For the irs time, those ofus from the Pure Land
to the west saw square hogans made of stone. Knowing the power of
the circle, the hoop of life, we knew not why these strangers filed «
tohonor it in their homes. Worse, they seemed not ro know honor
and truth-speaking as we did, Many of us leamed the strangers'
‘tongues; they dismissed our languages as barbarous. We were made
to feel that our skins were the wrong color, our clothing strange.
‘They believed our ways were primitive, our thoughts somehow lesser
than theits. Though we are the principle people, they saw it not.

‘The Council of Nine made the Dreamspeakers a Tradition
‘because they knew not what to do with us. When they saw us with
cour black, brown and red skins, our strange looks and stranger
customs, they lumped us into one category to "round out" the
‘Council. They knew we were true workers of magick, but our
‘cultures, appearances and approaches differed from their own. Out
diverse customs and beliefs worked against us in the early days.
‘Convincing members of rival tribes to lay aside thei grievances for
the good ofall took many days. Ignorance of one another'scustoms
led to conflict from insults unwittingly given and vigorously
returned. These differences nearly led to battles as we sought to
understand one another and unite.

Al this happened in the 1400s, when the Mythic Age of
Europe fell o the concerted efforts of the mages of science. Most
ofthe lands we came from stil lay beyond the teach of European,
civilization. Still, the mages whose dreams founded the Council of
[Nine traveled beyond the borders ofthe world they knew, convine-
{ng Star-of-Eagles, Naioba and others to journey to Mistridge for
the great Council that would decide the fate of True Magick.

From Hawai'i came Kelekokio, whose name means "seahorse,"
representing the kahunas of the western sea. She said she had.
followed the directions of the stars, and had traveled to us in an
‘outrigger canoe. To this day, we do not know how she completed
that journey. I traveled where Ineeded tobe," wasall she would say.

From Australia came small woman with skin as dark as night
and eyes that held the stars within them. She called herself Wida,
which means "eucalyptus tree," and announced to the gathering
that the dreampaths had brought her to this place inside the
Dreamtime. She greeted Star-of Eagles like a son and Naiobs like
1 sister. Although she could not have met them before in the
waking world, she had spoken with them many times in dreams.

‘This closeness among them finally overcame our initial an-
tagonisms, and convinced the other Traditions that we were all
members of one common Path of medicine, the way of Those-
Who-Speak-With-Dreams. Mages at the Convocation were
frightened by us, for we demonstrated few of the outward trappings
bby which they recognized their own. At fit, some argued that we
belonged with the Verbena, for we used blood and life-luid in our
workings. Only when we demonstrated our primary focus in Spirit


medicine did they decide that we merited a Tradition apart from
the Life Keepers

Acthe time, wedid not gainsay them, soset were they on their
Ninc-Fold Path. Star-of-Eagles and Naioba shared the leadership
ofthe new Tradition. Their marriage and thei children were born
of love, and their union served to unite us and make us strong.

We needed that strength 25 our newly formed Tradition
<quickly came under attack from within and without. t began with
Natoba's death, in 1464, atthe hands of one of our own who had
tured away from the ancestors to walk the Path of Nightmares.
Some of ussaw Naioba's murderas an omen foretelling disaster, and
counseled our brothers and sisters to walk away from the Council
of Nine. Before the dissenters could act om their belief, Naioba
appeared to cach of them in a dream, explaining the need to
transform her death, meant asa sacrifice to her assssin's Infernal
master, into.asacrifice that would bind ll Dreamspeakers together.

Jt on our Tradition took us bysurprise
Membersofthe Celestial Chonss, offended by our talk of many gods
and our ignorance of Christian ways, attempted to
abandon our beliefs and accept their vision. Sear-of-Eagles und all
who cherished the memory of Naioba remained steadfast, despite
favince them that they were wrong. The

The second

men, but many Choristers still harbored a great re

ment for their "backward" brothers and sisters in magick who

refuse

have bargained

re fedocor a hv xn Thee ef mt

oy Peep hen un evil Hownhkan Awakens withis

the sedoc tea {0 its possession. More ohtehithaar ree
seduction and Sortuption of true shu ee =

Though Naioba Possessed ¢]
% Spirit, warning 5
ree raming him of the dangers
any Pie rami Dhamburu began his chant

and the wrath of


THE AGE oF INQUISITION

The Verbena call these centuries the Buri
ing the
of heresy. Guided by directives from the Cabal
subjects of this madness attacked those whose ideas of reality
differed from their own. The European Traditions bore the brunt
{the Inquisitor' wrath inthe eatly centuriesof their existence for

ut lands were still unexplored.

Times. The

are Thought,

Inquisition raged throughout Europe, p

(Only after Walking Hawk retumed from the debacle ofthe First,
gs und prophecies did those of us in the
Americas hear of the coming invasion of pale-skinned fanatics. He
dthetribestouniteand prepare
destroy us. Some listened, and the Iroquois Confederacy was our
world would soon end in blood and conquest. We were wrong.
When more by our
experiences after seeing such amazing sights and speaking with

Cabal with dire w

withstand the forcesthat would

fused to hear, or,on hearing, could not accep thy

retumed to our homes, chat

those so different from us, our people would not believe our words

ExPLoIteRsAND EXPLOITED

they stole tha

they called that land Aust

Why did you doit, white man:

away one winter's da

To a sunlit land that was far away

And they stole chat land from the people there
And they called th
Why did you do it, whive ma

Steeleye Span, "White Man'
I speak now for both the Africans and Na

suffered under the Europ W

anger, Mediterrancan vesels sailed across that island-pocked

ind America

1e Americans who
nn the world was

congue

Sta and met our traders sailing the opposite way. In Northern
Africa, our empires rivaled those of Greece and Rome. As our
traded know.

nds, continuing

‘edge with others like them from the northern
lk

The ISthand l6th centuries, known to Westernersasthe Age

the lands thac were our homes. When Columbus returned with his

tales of the strange inhabitants of the "Indies," he opened up the

Americas to the exploitative dreams of Europe. While the Order of

Reawon marshaled its forces for an assault on Wester reality, the

strangers to Europe as some would have you t

seeds ofits static dream began their own voyage to new and fertile

The mages of Reason were not the only ones who saw
id, The Celestial Chorus included its
the Spanish and Portuguese missionaries who ac

pportunity in the new we
‘ompanid the exploratory fleets. While black-robed priests sought
to convert us to the worship of Christ, the Celestial Choristers
renewed their battle of will and word with those Dreamspeakers
they found among "primitive" people.

18 DREAMSPEAKERS,


Portuguese voyages to the western coast of Africa reintro-
<uced the slave trade to Europe in 1441. Other countries quickly
followed their lead, and the Spanish soon began importing African
slaves along with their setters to the lands claimed by Spain. Our
sacrifice on the altars of the new gods of economic greed and
colonial expansion met with the approval of our enemies. The
sorcerers of science watched as arrogant European colonizers swept
across the newly discovered worlds, impelled by nothing but cheir
cown hunger for power. This began a long period during which our
cultures were wiped outand we were denied status as human beings.

Inthe past, when we warred with one another, we took slaves
to keep them from coming against us again, and to adopt new
members into our tribes to replace fallen warriors. Only with the
‘coming of the Europeans did we sell one another and make war to,
profi from slavetaking.

We wisdom keepers came to America on the slave ships and
remained with ourpeople, tyingtokeep alive the knowledge of the
invisible world and todo the work ofthe lwa.Forthe fisexime since
the Convocation, African kha' adi made contact with their Native
‘American counterparts in the flesh. Some of us had met in the
‘Otherworld, but now we found ourselves forcibly joined in the
physical world.

Ironically, the African diaspora transplanted sowadé from one
continent to another, erasing distances between us and other
groups of medicine workers. Each came to better understand the
other. As the cultures that supported us were destroyed, we became
ever closer to one another. Those of us who had lost our tribes and.
families recognized our fellow shamans as new kin, drawing us into
relationships we never would have known if not for our sha
troubles.

AGé oF ENLIGHTENMENT,
COLONIALISM AND INDUSTRY

"The "white man's burden" and imperialistic expansionism took
its toll. By the 1600s, Europeans preached the gospel of science,
seamping out "superstition" around the globe in the name of the
"Enlightenment." The next 300 years saw the spread of Western
civilization and beliefs throughout Africa and both Americas. Even
Australia, one ofthe last bastionsof the Dreamworld fell tothe might
of Technocratic expansion. The European "dream of technology and
science encompassed the Earth, waging a batle on two fronts.

"The physical war assaulted Mother Earth herself. Discoverers
and explorers, in the name of archaeology, slowly mapped our
sacred places out of existence, condemning our holy mountains
and rivers to contout lines on topographical charts. Our ancient
cities and temples became relics suitable only for museum display.
‘The Europeans "discovered" the ruins of our civilizations and.
drained them of any mana, or Quintesserice. When explorers like
David Livingstone penetrated the Aftican interior in the 19th
century, the spirit world shook with anger as its most secret
connections tothe physical world disappeared under the weight of
Technocratic zal.

The second front undermined our spiritual belief. While
cosmologists like Kepler brought order and science to the stars,
silencing the sky spirits with pronouncements of planetary mo-
tions, natural scientists like Francis Bacon and Sir Isaac Newton
hammered the laws of the universe into molds of their own


=

.

‘Throughout the 1700s and 1800s, our homes were overrun
and our people enslaved or driven from theie lands. We appealed
+0 our fellow Council members for help. It did not come. Many
Tradition mages saw us not as keepers of ancient wisdom, but as
those whose time had passed. Taking advantage of our hardships,
the Celestial Choristers renewed theirassaultson our beliefs, while
the Hermetics decried our uselessness in the "modem" world.
Many ofusfeltwe had noplace inanalliance of mages and sorcerers
‘who looked down on us and belittled our ways.

(Charles Darwin's theory of evolution gutted religious convic~
tion, providing the Technocracy with a perfect vehicle for destroying
‘humanity's belief in che supematural. Social Darwinism, an offshoot

sentiments
‘Those whowa

the only

"enti

‘anew age of

of Darwin's theory, allowed white Europeans th license to identify all
tribal and" colored" people wssubhuman, ripe for extermination aspart
of the ongoing progress of "man." The same excuse allowed them to
take lands away from native populations who, they claimed,
underutilized the Earth's resources. This opened the door to re-
educating "backward" peoples, destroying our cultures, languages and
belief systems to bring us the "glories" of Wester civilization.

‘We Dreamspeakers, crushed under the heels ofthe conquer-
‘ors who enslaved our people, felt the anguish ofthe spirit world as
it retreated further from the new consensual reality. Some among,
us wondered if we paid too heavy a price in our hope forthe future,

tan had bee, 2

ia peopleifonly rodie

i ve, With a vision of the

but ifthe
SSivwhich in

remained

cme woul ea


THe 20TH CENTURY

This path to the primordial religious experience is
the right one, but how many can recognize it? Iti ike
a sail small eoice, and it sounds from afar. It is
ambiguous, questionable, dark, presaging danger and
lous adventure; arazor-edged path, tobe trodden
| for God's sake only, without assurance and without

CG. Jung, "Self-Representation of the
Spirit in Dreams
"The fint half of the 20th century saw our for-
tunesfalleven further. The machinesof global war knew no boundaries,
and the powers of Europe, Asia and the United States battled for land,
ideology and economic supremacy over the breadth of the world
Behind the scenes, grea philosophical and social movements reaped
the fruits of groundwork laid in the preceding century

Tue "Science" of DREAMASAND THE
CoLLective UNCONSCIOUS

The most direc attack on our beliefs came from the theories
of Sigmund Freud, the inventor of modem paychology. His writings
demystified dreams, making them functions of human biophysiology.
He claimed these images rep
le to convert inner conics and unresolved traumas into
symbols. Vivid and recurring dreams signified mental sickness

inted the mind's unconscious

The Technocracy applauded Freud's work; like the Void
Engineers, who imposed an orderly geography on the physical
world, Freud and his followers became cartographer ofthe mind's

unexplored lands, systematically mapping away connections be

tween the outer world and the inner realm of dreams.

Freua!s "victory" enjoyed a setback when Carl Jung, one of his,
"gown students, proposed his theory of the collective unconscious. In
the language of science, he returned the reality of myth to the belief
system of the world. Jung reintroduced the idea of archetypes, and
argued that the language of dreams tapped not the isolated fears and.
hopes of the individual but the cultural foundations of entire races.
He told the world what we had known all along: The dream world
isa real world. The best of us know that his so-called "archetypes"
are very teal spirits dwelling in courts beyond the mortal world, and
that they project their essences through the imagi tists
and mythmakers. This "discovery" was not enough to undo the
damage, but it was a stat, for Jung spoke to the Western mind,
eroding its confidence that rationality could explain everything.

Kari MARXAND THE POLITICS OF
MAATERIALIINA

Justas Freud's work attacked the world of dreams, Karl Marx's
alism gave new ammunition to the

treatise on dialectical mat
Technomancers. Marx sought to free the working class from the
shackles of a religion that deferred gratification to the "next life,"
enabling the powerful to retain their privileged positions. By
reducing the forces of history to an economic struggle, he unwit
tingly buttressed the arguments of the Technocracy

SH: €D AVISTORSS

2


"The idea of holding material goods in common was not new.
"Most riba eulruresespoused some form of communal life, realizing
land could not be owned, only shared. Marx, however, reduced
ccommunality to commonalry. In his ideal society, everyone was
‘equal because everyone was the same. It was as if he had said that
all lowers must be daisies and all animals must be cows, even ifthe
"daisies" were red and had thomsand the "cows" had furand claws.
Hisidea sparkeda revolution in Russia and spread after World War
Ito the areas won by the Soviets.

Neither communism nor the capitalist alternative spoke to
the best interests of the land or the spirit world. Born from
‘materialistic ambitions, both doctrines denied that anything ex-
isted outside of the measurable universe. Both espoused grand
ideals but offered only conformity and repression.

DREAMASPEAK ERS AND THE
MAoveRN WorRLD

My peoples' culture was calm and reserved

If not for that white dream, ie would have endured

My people were lef with no choice but to decide

To conform toa system

Their minds enslaved

‘Their souls they caged

L feel che rage

Brualty can never be undone

‘Bue the sun is no yet set

The bass and drums and microphone's a threat

— Rage Against the Machine, "Darkness"

Somethinghappened inthe last few decades, however, togive
cour people hope. Dreams of freedom have grown stronger in the
waning years of the 20ch century. Once again, the voices of the
voiceless cry out in rage. This time, those voices are being heard.
In Africa, the 1970s saw the birth of self-determination move-
iments, Former European colonies won national independence.
‘The intervening centurieshad left their mark, though, a the ideals
cof our new nations fell to tribal rivalries and artificially imposed
‘boundaries. Charismatic leaders succumbed to the lure of power,
hhecoming military dictators. American and European interests,

backed by a cabal called the Syndicate, funded many of these
sovernments und reinforced economic colonization. African bod-
{es hecame targets for exploitation as Progenitor-backed research
used them as experimental populations to test new drugs.

"The demands white setlers had imposed on the lanklscape left
‘many new nations with depleted, ravaged countrysides. By turing
rainforest tofarmland, exploiting mineral resources, polluting rivers
snd foreng urbanization on rural farmers or nomadic hunters and
herders, the Western invaders changed the face of the African
continent. Along with our struggles for survival in the world
marketplace, the people of Aftica now battle epidemics, droughts
and famines, the bitter harvest of centuries of greed.

We have interceded with the angey spirits to determine what
sickness infeets the land. While other Traditions fight for cheir
idea of Ascension, in Atica, we wage a desperate battle to salvage
the spirit of the world.

In North America, Native Americans seck to reclaim what was
lest. You, Michael Skyhawk, know this strugle all too well. We
demand our tribal rights, ty t0 enforce long-broken treaties, reclaim
cour ancestos' bones from muscums and private collections, protect
‘ux sacred places, and give our people hope and pride. We have
declared war on the culture that stole our lan and relocated us to
_escrvations. When activists such as Leonard Peltier remain in prison.
{far longer than the worst rapists and murderers, it becomes clear that
‘we hutle a system that fears "crimes" against the status quo far more
than violence against mere individuals. The Dreamspeakersofthe 500
‘ations have roused the spirits ofthe Pure Land in support ofthese
struggles. We have other concems besides Ascension.

"The Afticans of the diaspora, despite the dream of Dr. Martin,
Luther King, sill stragdle for equality in a land which supposedly-
‘puaranteesitto them. Though we won the battle for civil rights in the
‘courts, the war fr the hearts and minds of white Americastill oeson,
Ignorance and fear ofthe "other" leadsto violence, jst aspogehousing
and education guarantee lack of opportunity. Nevertheless, many
black Americans are not content t0 blame all their ills on white
‘prejudice. Unemployment and lack of equal opportunity may cause
family dislocations, gang violence and drug abuse, but in the end, iis
the individual's choice to smoke crack or shoot someone else over
"coo!" shoes.

‘The anuvari of the diaspora seck to awaken the spiits ofthe
ancestors and to revitalize traditions that died! during centuries of
slavery. By promoxing the growth ofel-identification, self-respect
and responsibility to family and community, we hope to reconnect
withthe visions of those ancestors. We try to teach, but we are not
afraid to force out wayward children to face the consequences of
their actions. The decision i stil theirs co make. We only show the
way and urge them to follow,

THe New AWARENESS

In the 1960s, explorers on the edge of consciousness discov-
‘ered the philosophies of Africa, the Orient and the Native
Americans. Suddenly, these forgotten ideas became "cool."
‘Throughout the Westem world, the practices of meditation,
shamanic healing, visionquests und other forms of alternative
spicitality blossomed. Where once we had been curious relics,
‘now we had our foot solidly in the door. Over the last few years, our
forgotten customs und practices have become culturally accept
able.

‘This may not seem important until you consider that all
‘magick depends on belief. For too long, the Technocracy and even
some Traditions belittled our paradigm of reality. Now thac i is.
{fashionable to seek a "spirit guide," read the sacred oracles or study
shamanic drumming, our voice in the world grows louder. A few of
us have begun to accepe Dreamspeakers from among the children
‘of the conquerors. Some Europeans and Anglo-Americans have
‘Awakened with the knowledge that the Tradition to which they
‘belong is not that of their cultural heritage but of Those-Who-
‘Speak-with-Dreams, When they are sincere, who are we to deny
them? We see it as payback for the shamans we have lost ro other
Traditions in the past.


~~ ean iewances ser
renders In 1915; ben

ei han cis x eight FANE

agency Bosiness—

aS a oecutive we

ordered to 088 ‘evidence,

of alleged FBT ed

‘Leonard Petter waste only one

reservations
convicted anal #98)

sporeleier isin tsi

THe WAR FORASCENSION

Brother, sfaras 1am concerned, the Ascension War sno wat
stall Letthe other eight Traditions fight the Technocracy over the
spoils ofthe lands they have all helped plunder and rape. We stand
with the people who need us, who live on reservations, in ghetto,
barrios and forgorten villages. We speak forthe land that has been,
defiled and the creatures driven tothe brink ofextinetion. We bring
messages of warning from the angry children of the Earth Mother.

Our war isa war of dreams. Our vision demands a voice. Our
anger wil be let lose. We fight for nothing less than the redemp
tion of the visible and invisible worlds, Our scorned multiple
hrertage draws its roots from spirit and mind aswell as body. Let our
dances reflect out determination to withstand the ravages visited
upon us! Let out songs reverberate with cries for justice and with,

PBA words that strip the flesh from the despoilers of creation! Let our

camonly granted
cen sence BE
the average tapictoreTs
aimee

Py

+
es

) dccams shape a rebirth of our lost connections to our Friends

DF Within! Let our thoughts create anew a vital world! We can wait
0 longer for the Sleepers to Awaken, but must shout their

Howahkan into fall awareness. The Ghost Dance has begun

SHOEBERED, VI Naess 23



"

WALKING THE

§PIRITRATHS

(CULTURE AND POLITICS)

century" I tld her: "Lady,

a make. 1, a least, walk wo hawks, and
Lame Deer, Minneconju

‘Dreamspeakers is not just « name." The old

ined the murmur of ancestors,

f visions binds
‘our vision binds you to us.

The wizened elder

turn around. "Look,

front of them, "and tell me what you see

rose above them. "The nat

cured for Michael to

she said, pointing ourward in

er gazed ut the massive
upward at
f what lay

The young ie

barrier of tw

impossible angle
"L see a dead en

behind it
"Look harder," hi
before you with the

he answered
2. "See what lies

Michael stared.
ft. In frustration, he closed his
remained etched in his sight, but

"Wait," he
the jutting piece of iron ne:
muttered. "And here is ani

ses to clear his vision. The bagtier
mchow,it looked different.

with eyes still closed to touch
m. "This is a foothold," he
— this isa road!"

J, reachin

the old woman said. "By seeing it for what
ready taken your frst step."

with he omange-dyed hair, told me

animals. Come om. This

DREAMASPEAKERS
AND SHAMANISM

You can only die cach morning,
And live again inthe dreams of the night.

— Fenton Johnson, "The Daily Grind"

‘The Path of the shaman forms the core of our
Bl Tradition, Although the word shaman describes
anyone who practices tribal medicine, actual sha-
mans are those who have made the journey, either
in the flesh or in sprit, to the realm of the dead and
returned changed and blessed by thatdark trip. Like
cour cousins, the Euthanatos, Dreamspeaker sha-
‘mans understand death as a natural and inevitable part of life

In many cultures, shamans are healers, diviners, wisdom
keepers and wonder workers. Above all, we are dwellers in two
worlds, Our ability to pass back and forth between the material
‘world and the Ocherworld sets us apart, and lets us serve asa bridge

berween both.


"The road to becoming a shaman is not an easy one — it i
harsh, often demanding. Setting forth on that Path requires sacri-
fice and change. Most shamans do not choose to become so; the
rit world calls them, and they either answer or, in some cases, die
by tefusing the call. Those who survive to walk the shamanic Path
‘are sometimes called the twice-born. Visionquests and Seekings
form a continuous cycle of sacrifice and learning throughout the
shaman' life.
‘Shamanism is not about having power. It is about service —
serving your people, communing with the Weavers of the Hoop,

The Call: The"

ody and sending eto
Elders of tribal cultutes m8

3 recognize that everything
is connected, both in material form and in sprit, and we seek to
protect and heal those vital links. Our Path requires that the
traveler

seek guidance in visions and speech with the Invisible Brethren,
but most of all, that she sacrifice herself. Without total commit-
ment and serious purpose, the shaman cannot hear the voicesof the
spirits, cannot travel in the Otherwoeld, or cannot transform the
world around her.


hlightenmentshe seeks. Each siecesfl journey matksthequestor in some way, eithcrwith physicalevidence — such asafeather rscale—
cor through physica alectation; sith change in eye color ora rattolike pattem on her kin, Some So'cha mat theinsclves though ritual
‘arification to symbolize whar théy ave [eam from the Er, while others afe siarked by their elders or by the spirits

* Recurring Dreams: As the So'cha becomes more familia with the Otherworld and the dreampaths, certain images recur in her
dreams and visionguests. These may be more familiar than she expects —mianY would-be siamians haye sch experiences during childhood,
‘These symbolic communications scem incomprehensible at first, but resolve ito an overriding vision. This "tv seeing" reveals tothe
sharin het place in the Great Drcam and signifies her transition to Wemilo, or "Adept." (in gum térms, che Dréanispeaker must attain
far docs in at least one of her Spheres and have achieved an Arete of no less than 4.)

* Seekings: The Wemilo's journey increases her understanding of both the material and spiritswotlde, ahd of Ker place in them. From
there, she pushes herself toward more strenuous tests of enduraice and will, making greater sacrifices tothe spirits to earn their fae
prove her worth. Through tials, fscs and solide, she actanes her body and mind to the unseen universe. Storytellers sh«
‘Scekings" for Dreamapeaker charicters who want to buy their Arete tohighet level; such thingsneveréome without wisiorn an
femptation: Sacrifices Often leave ashaman vulncrable to temptation by evil spirits and sorcerers PlaVinigon the tol drial takes,
they encourage the Dresimepedker toabanddon her hard road for the less arduous Path of Nightmares. Even the wise may be lured with the
thought of attaining enough personal might cob ons to life in the material world, Although these seductive roads to power
‘may appear as paths leading to greater goo, way signs that this corrupt way i delusionary — ifthe mysick cares to look for
them, Those who choose felFadvanicement over sustained work find they are no longer shamans. They tay till he willworkers, but theie
focis has changed from serviceand respect to self-agyrandzement. All shamans experience temptation at various times. Difficulties loom
across the Path, hnihips so horrible that any solution (c tion) seems better than failure. Those who do not succumb, bt trust
livthe guidinceof their totems and ter ox abilities, become Ni
of medicine (in game tems five docs in 4 Sphere and an Arete of 5), but
aid avoid the temptations of power that bring so many mages kw

2, oF "Masters" Nahimana must attain masteryin at leat one form
e importantly, such Masters tua keep the high rond in mind

- : WALKING THE SPIRITPATHS

27

"So when did I end up on this Path?" asked Michael. "When
| saw you on the girders and tried to get you, or when I stepped off
the frame and ll..." Hedidn't continue. Why rsk ending up like
Wile E. Coyote?

"Both," replied the elder, "and during your drinking binge as
well. You were tempted, and I must say you gave in in grand style.

= ASIONS OF THE OTHER WORLD

was almost tempted not to let you know what you were doing to
‘yourself, bu I knew you just needed another chance."

"Thank you," he mumbled, a bit uncertainly.

"Oh, don't thank me yet," the old woman continued, leading
the steelworker into a cave filled with glowing strands of web and
skittering neon spiders. "Before we get done, you may wish you had
drunk yourself to death..."

‘The spirit world does not speak in the tongues of

A | man, bus through the language ofthe hear.

- — Stalking Wolf, Apache elder

f Inthedarknessofthe cave, Michael stumbled.
P)| The slowing spiders immediately rushed across
pogf | hi Ashe sated and shook they wrapped his

fs ‘e

|) legs in moonlight strands. He couldn't rise, only
$4 roll, and the spiders clung like drops of tar. Bound
in theie webs, he felt the tickle of hundreds of hairy
legs, saw the dripping fangs of larger things as they
scuttled down the webs and wove him into their complex design.
Strong as he was, the spiders settled about him, cocooning the
stcelworker in their own form of steel

"Don't just stand there!" Michael howled asthe elder leaned
~__offto the side and chuckled. "And what the fuck is so goddamned
funny?"

"An irony, isitnot? Orare you till too wrapped up in yourself
to see the humor in this! Get it? Wrapped up..."

Michael kicked and swore, but the spiders continued. Huge
‘ones, larger than he, marched from the darkness, waiting to feast.
"Jesus Christ!" he gasped. "Do something!"

"How docs it feel to be wrapped like a package? How does it
feel to have your arms pinned down at your sides while hungry
‘things devour you alive? This is the doom of the Earth, Michael

See

‘Skyhawk, and all the strength in the world won't free you. I'l do
‘nothing! If you can't figure out how to get loose, you'll find out the
hard way how bad dreams end."

Calli the spric world, an elder's voice had said. The Dreamtime,
the Umbra or anything else you want; within it, we hear the heartheat
of Mother Earth and se the ife chat permeates the niverse. Though his
realm exists outside the confines of time and space, iis as real a the
world we touch with our bodies. We recognize the Otherworld as the
home of our Invisible Brethren, and seck them outtolear from them,

Within che Umbra, the dreams of all people, Awakened or
‘not, comprise pockets of reality. Some exist only so long as the
dreamer dreams them. We can enter those places physically as well
asin spirit form, and these worlds of dream become as real to us as
the dirt beneath your feet.

‘Vast reaches lie within the heart of the medicine wheel. Many
wa reside there, and so long as we come with respect and intend no
‘harm, we are welcome within their lands. There we construct out
sacred lodges, holy meeting grounds and great medicine circles. Some,
like the Lodge ofthe Gray Squirrel, protect whole Realms within that
‘world, Ochers occupy only small portions of t In these places, we work,
‘our medicine without arousing the angry specter of the white man's
‘magick, without ripping the Blankets we seek to weave.


MAEETING INTHE SPIRIT WORLD

In the Spirit Walk, we are young forever. Good deal, huh?

— "Blackwing," Forever Knight

Ours is the communality of the Otherworld, linked by some-
thing more than geographic or demographic definitions. Nomatter
what land gave birth to us and colored our skin, as Dreamspeakers,
we speak the same language — the language of truth. We share the
‘same spirits and totems, though our names for them may differ, and
we all strive toward creating a future in which the Great Dream
becomes a reality.

‘We are at once solitary and social. We must walk our paths
alone, but we seck out each other's company in the Dreamtime.
Because we are such a far-flung Tradition, most of our meetings
take place in the Otherworld, in dreams, which send images of
ourselves into the world within.

Each of us enters alone through the inner door of sleep, or by
‘opening a gateway into the forgotten homeland. There, we find a
‘country without boundaries, a landscape of unharnessed potentials
and ever-shifting parameters. In the Otherworld, everything is as
ic cruly is, and every spirit shows the form it was meant to have.
‘When we meet in dreams, we appear as our inner selves. Unlike our
bodies, our soul-selves do not age or grow weak. Many of us prefer
cour dream bodies to our flesh-bound ones for that reason.

We know, sometimes, when others like us — travelers across
the boundary — are present, and we communicate with them
regardless of where they may be in the physical world. Many of us,
who have never met in the flesh, have become friends in the
Otherworld and have spoken together in the place of dreams. Ie is.
‘not uncommon for someone on walkabout in Australia to meet
with someone traveling the great North American plains, intent
on her own visionquest

Like the founders of our Tradition, we sill meet in dreams
more often than we meet in person. Through the medicine of our
ancestors, we traverse the pathways between worlds, leaving signs
for knowledgeable travelers to find. Such signs point to arranged
meeting places where elders wait. At appointed times, those who
understand the signs converge and confer, then go their ways and
return to the waking world. These meetings, called tarches or
"appointments," are held in sacred circles guarded by our spirit
allies and powerful medicines. We hold one lange tarehe each
‘midsummer unless some great trouble descends, and all who can
attend do so. Many smaller meetings occur throughout the year;
those who are welcome receive invitations — often riddles or
visions — that only they can understand.

Meetings berween individuals are easier to arrange. Those
with the proper medicine walk the dreampaths to the doorways of
the people they wish to meet. If they are friends, the caller asks for


peeeruneres

an invitation, enters, and begins his talk. If they are not, he may
batter his way into the other penon's dreams and force is message
‘upon her. This is not our preferred way, but it is sometimes
necessary.
"The Dreamcry is a powerful waming ot message of disres.
= With it, Dreamspeakerin trouble may summon anyone who hears
it to his side. Most spirit walkers recognize the signs of the
Dreamcry, and understand teil fortune it bears: no Dreamspeaker
worth his name will refuse or ignore such cries for help. He may
- never know when his own call might need an answer.
e= Allofourkind bear their badge ofhonor into the Dreamworlds.
PF Even ifa person is invisible, he may be noticed unless he chooses to
cloak himselfand walk in mystery. Spirit walkers who conceal theit
presence ae often suspect, and may carry bad news in their hearts,
to we avoid their mistakes and walk open-handed through the
Realms, Even so, there are times when stealth is necessary ike the
hunter who fox-walks silently, a Dreamspeaker may need to travel
without sign. Ths isskilfl medicine, bt many of us know how to
es

Manners demand an introduction when we meet by chances
spirit walker who refuses to name herself, or who uses a false name,
isoften suspected of sorcery and lftalone. It is good tomention your
ancestors and teachers when you meet a Dreamspeaker in the
invisible world, or when you meet her anywhere, for that matter It
is important to show where you have come from, and to let others
know who taught you. These things are sources of pride, and should
bbe declared. By tradition, an elder man introduces himself before a
young one, anda man before a woman, and an elder woman before
girl. These are old ways, but they serve uswelland thus they remain
|) Respects important, even between an elder anda youngster. Well

share a kindred heart, and are all worthy of our own dignity.

Bad times demand a Nyimba, or "a Sing." Such gatherings call
all Dreamspeakers together, either in a waking place or in the
Dreamworld. No brother or sister of ours would willingly refuse to
attend a Nyimba unless they had something to hide or could not

_geach the meeting place. We send word ofa Sing across the worlds
through the Dreamcry, sending visions of the meeting place and
often of the matter to be discussed as well. Spirit allies camry the
news as well, bringing it to remote deserts, Realms and hiding
places. Because the Nyimba are so urgent, such meetings ae called
only in the most dre times. No Sings have been called for nearly
10 years, and we pray that none will be again.

SPEAKING THE LANGUAGE
es oF DREAMS
The people wh man he arcades a scence, eligi end pois

have one thing in common which they do not share with the rest of the
citizenry: They are responsible for creating a technical language, incom-
‘responsibility to think. They in turn formulate beautiful sets of lies that
lull us to sleep and enable us to forget about our troubles, eventually
pcg da is

Nine Deloria, Je, Red Earth, Whie Lies

Dreamspeakers carry messages back and forth between the
invisible and material worlds. To do this, we learn to speak the

language ofthe wa, a language that has remained unchanged since
ra the first days. Human language imposes its reality upon the world
= eg .

at 9": pes


based on humanity's perceptions of how things seem,
than how things are. Differences in vocabulary account for
many ideological differences between people.

To call "god" the Creator conjures up an image different
from those of the words Father, Mother, Life-giver or Prime
Mover. Wars arse from such varied perceptions. The Technoc
racy has transformed the Creator into the Big Bang or the
BS unified field theory. These names echo across the barriersofthe
worlds, bur they carry nothing sacred within them. To truly
understand the power of a name, imagine that the name you
choose will fo inthe thing you address. If such.
power does not frighten you, you still have much to learn.

Togive something a name changes that thing forever. Before
the separation ofthe world within from che material realm; words,
were power, linking the soul and its house. The sacred stores of
‘many peoples tell how, in the beginning, animals had no names,
"Then someone — either the first human or the lof of animals or
1 god — gave them names, and in the naming, they bed

To change a name changed the named. Such is the power
‘of language transformation. Longago, we traveled the worldpaths
and sought out the truc names of the Shining Ones, of our
ancestors, of ounelves. We brought those names into the world
and spoke them into being. And what we said became real.

When the spoken word became the written word, languay
stagnated, no longer holding the breath of the speaker within it.
(Only the language of dreams still retains its old power. Unlock
ing the secrets contained in our dreams forges another link
} between flesh and Mawiya, the life-force.

Visions

Interpreting dreams comprises an important part of our
‘warmed us of coming troubles and taught us what we could never.
lear consciously. Listening to the voices or seeing the pictures
that come tous from beyond the physical world involves aware
nes of the many meanings behind the symbols, and the true
meaning, ot Od, hidden inside each moe'uhane.

Unlike dictionaries, which limit words to certain meanings,
dream vocabularies differ from one culture to another and from
dreamer to dreamer. While some symbols have universal meaning,
‘others mean one thing to one person and something very different
toanother. Visions of ravens may portend disaster to one who sees
those creatures as signs of misfortune, To someone else, who
associates ravens with war, they may mean conflict or battle. To
discover the truths cloaked in symbolic images, you must solve the
riddles of the dream tongue

Opu: THE TENTH SPHERE

The Yoruban word Odu stands for a sacred leter or rune
usually hidden or encoded in myths, proverbs or dreams. It is,
meaning wrapped in language, a message from the Otherworld
clothed in words. Iris the Logos, the ogham, the breath ofthe gods,
the essence or spirit of the thing itself. For us, this is the 10ch
Sphere — the Sacred Word.

Words unlock the secrets of the world, enabling us to under-
scand the truth ofa thing. The first users of magick were the first
namers. They called a thing into being by name and there it was.
‘The first Dreamspeakers spoke sacred words and made their visions
"real."

WALKING aap Pea 31


Insie THe Society oF DREAMS

Let us dream the world anew!
— Dark Crow Laughing

Pay | THe' JHANE (AVATAR) AND

frei@y res Essence

The Dreamspeakers believe everything has «
Maviiya —a spark of life-force — inside. The
medicine power of the Kha'eadé flows from theie

Sad connection with the spirit world. The Pure Ones,

when they broke apart, did 40 in order to make
certain that no part of creation was left without a Howahkan
(‘mysterious voice within," a soul portion), Every.human has one
‘ofthese soul-shards inside her, but most ofthe time, ilies dormant,
waiting for the one whose body houses'it to calli by fame and
bring it out of slumber: Dreamspeakers claim that a person Awak
«ns when she discovers a particular Uhane and gives that pitt ts"

Most Traditions recognize that Avatars have tendencies, or
Essences, that shape mages" goals and destinies: Although the
shamans agree with the basic concepe of the four "personalities"
that Avatars possess, chey peefet to call: them by the following
‘names instead:

* Donoma (Pattern) — "Uharie of the Upper World, these
‘reat forees move the world (sky; sun, moon, wind, fire), creating
the pattem of ile lv theic pure forms, they embely Mother Earth's
{and design, Dreamspeakers whose Uhane are Donoma (literally
"visible sun") See' the webs of Grandmother Spider holding the
world together

serong, stubborn and formidable' people;
Awakens, it sends the sticrings of the
<ireamwalkers body, alerting herto coming et
and so forth, s #4

* Haidera (Dynamic) — "Uhane of animal spirit
about in the Otherworld as the arms and kegs ofthe Gres
Shamans who teel these affinities withift them
mals themselves inthe bestand
Such Avatars teach their mages about the sacred
aed chang: oat
* Virena (Questing) — 'Uhane of the Spifits of ancestors,
hhéroes or important leaders arouse in. f a sense of
purpose and dircction. Dreamspeakers with such Avatars often.
become vehicles for unfinished business from past lifetimes, or 4
being lost wisdom back to the modern world.

ProtocoLs

Although they maintain close rlatonshipa with their tribes,
allies and blood relations, most Dreamspeakers walk their Paths in
solitude. Unity isan important too! for teaching and survival, but
ultimately a medicine worker learns her best lesions alone. oi
‘That isn't to say the shamans are lone like their Ecstatic allies.
‘Asa whole, the Dreamspeaker are friendlier to each other than the


of European e
wor carry less weight than those
Although the meeting occurs inthe waking work, many ekbers

attend in spisitform only, to ease the strains of travel and to prevent

'USS. Cavalry strempted such an attack in
1863. [twas thefts sucha thing occured, butthe elders
hhave been watching. for another ambush ever ince.) The decisions
‘made in the Circle are conveyed by proxy to the Council of Nine as
the words of the Dreamspeakers'as a whole. The Hermetics have

"always been impeesed with and enviousof sch solidarity, and wonder
bout its origins to this day. The sprit walkers of coune, sxy nothing
about the meeting co outsiders. This Tradition i used to having.
‘enemies, and isnot likely to offer its throat to one anytime soon.

5 * Family

Despite their reputation as solitary nomads, the majority of

an all-out massacre.

ae
er

pot penta
cas A young

of Awakening, he must f00u
hhc takes, the signs he deciphets and the tem
are his to face, and his alones = =
Iris almost unheard-of fe mentor and
bonds. Their relationship
child, and most mentors se ;
taking unfair advantage (this is bee, and renga
beewcen the shamans and their Bestaticallies, who ft
bonds betwen mentor and pupil). Mentors do e
raymentsfor thei teaching —astidenewhotl
‘tutoring must not be serio crested in his stu
pased cn lightly, and payment
Many shamans keep thie
items when the students t
* Disputes and Diss
Some mysticks still'

faction disputes or personal

Dreamspeakers.

NA Dreamepeakers say in one spot for most oftheir lives — physically,
words or gifts are.

7 aleast yen so, many shamanstravel long distancesinthe flesh

heyond lt seeking visions and working to bring the Great Dream to
7" piiss. Nevertheless, family, clan and tribe are extremely important to
‘Toiamianseaind give"them their identity. Tribal mysticks receive
~Visioris. ot only for themscives but as gifts for their communities.
peirconcemstevolve around the welfare and preservation of theit
 sraditions afd lands, respect for the spirits and the heali


© honor and respons

~~ ® Punishment

~~ By and large, the Dreamspeakers are a Tradition based on
lity; even soy there are times. when their
members break taboos, harm those within. thelr care, or filo
follow the ideals of the Society of Dreams. Such offendersarecalled
before a Circle of elders who hear the' he

listen to her explanations, and rile on
should be exacted, Punishments

revolves:

ido mor recognize the usual Tradition titles
fete.) Instead, they divide themselves ac-
grades of initiation. Initiation divides
fll acceptance into the tribe, denotes
He scknow'celges the progrestion
learn from teachers whomaybe
"sptits or even deities, they sce themselves as

tin learning.
Keim (pronounced "ka
call Apprentices. The term"Appren-
a servilesrelationshipy which the sowadé do not
ing amew mage a seeker identifies her as womeune
bounds of eonsciousness to look for

Secalacios
. Kaiti have dally had some sore of vision which
i shaman. They may or

mee") are

ofan s
FACTIONS AMONG THE ae

DREANASPEAKERS ses a

‘The Society of Dreams, like any other gro ast actions,

‘each of which speaks for a different ion, Some D mspea

belong to several of these factions,

sether. When ashaman'sPathdeman

she is likely to leave her old society

anew one, or choose to go off alone,
Entering a new sociery takes

would-be member must track cl

petition her for admission, and

the society's purpose. An initiate ye Four Winds might have

‘tocomplete a long questin the! Confer with spirits, and give

up all het worldly goods. A future Red Spear would be given a

‘"mop-up" assignment to test her resolve. Each society has its own,

Usponsorship. The
fer of that faction,
‘of tests related to

sand oaths, which are taken quite seriously. Betrayal,
Dreamspeakers, is never forgiven.
‘A few of the better-known factions include:

Keepers of tHe SACRED Fire
Dreamspeakers who remait their native et

keep the old customs from irevocable asilabony
donot deny that changes have occurred, bur work ta


‘regan their own groups as the saviors oftheir people. These tensions have
‘created a few sgly dispurés — which group really has the culture's best
fnitefests in mind? That question remains unanswered, and will probably
stay that way.

Sourcaries

These isolationist Dreamspeakers believe they mist remove them-
selves from the modern world. Solitaries often remain in tribal homelands
and on reservations, eschewing technology and science. These'mystick
fanatics believe they serve their people best by weaning them away from,
.e go. far as ro punish young people of theit eribes
cient traditions, and become angry figures on'the

rmodern world

their voices speak loudly indeed. Many Dreamspeukers consider the
Solitares the purestand most worthy oftheirkind. A number ofthe oldest
shamans; ho remember the ways before white domination, join this
"socisty-of-many-But-none" ahd pas their memories o

through tales and visions. Living museums, these ancient mages cary the
last mortal ik tomost Deeamspeakers' pasts Cranky as they may be, the
Solitates are venerated asthe erasures they ar.

Guost Wueel Sociery,

The okt ways are gone," say these urban Dreamspeakers, who seck
+ paths of meaning that encompass modern life, Speaker forthe new
# technology, dhese urban medicine workers believe that the
1c Technocracy ean be tumed aginst. their creators by
ang the tehno-spiistoyoin thernks of thet Elder Brothers
Ghost Wheel shamans often masquerade as Technoctats, inl
sctsand wreak havoe, o stalk che urban undengroundsand
ir own verion of housecleaning to crime-ingested slums

ro younger heirs

Despite their bravery, skill and cunning, members of the
Society often find chemselves overruled and
‘od down in Circles by more traditional factions.
Theis "white man's ways" are not appreciated by many
Ny, ellen, even if eheir brash tactics win victories. To
uitional Dreamspeakers,theGhost Wheel
Society is a gathering of young warriors head:
izenough to tweak their opponents noses
but mot yet wise enough to govern themselves.
Members of the Ghost Wheel retort chat the
ccurrent climate shows that the time of dis-
} cretion is past. Desperate times demand.
drastic measures, and the Ghost Wheel

Society epitomizes drastic solutions

Rep Spears

Outspoken activists, these angry
5 ‘taiun-kiseekrevenge forthe wrongsagainst
" theirpeople. Many join with activist move-
ments to lobby aggressively for the retum of
$2 stolen ands andpractice eco-terorsm and
"urban reforms" — offen ae gunpoint: The
4 dhamans who left Horizon founded the Red
"ef? Spears, and many of their descendants con-
FG SE seacthee vor Thoghthey main
eG" united with the Dreamspeakers as a whole, they,
7 AF waa nothing to do with Council politics and care
(A, latte tox the other Traditions' views ocmembers,

WALKING THE SPIRITPATHS. 35,


of those who know th
Some say the Four
spirits. Their behaviors
their passions match the me
‘venture into polluted lands

+ Overtime, most Four Windsforgct theirmortal livesand
become spirits. Many traditional guardians and ances
Four Winds reborn as wa — new spits to sefesh

Barut

‘Mythmakers and teachers, the Barutiealizethat many people
have forgotten the old stories that once explained the world hefore
scientific theories replaced them. Originating from the traditional
African storyteller and spreading out (© encompass those from
other backgrounds, these Dreamspeakers wander throughout the .
world, collecting and disseminatingthe myths and legends of heir
‘ ‘ownand othen' cultures. Manyactaslorekeepersforthe Tradition,
attending meetings of the Society of Dreams and memorizing (in
archetypal form) the isues and decisions discussed there

Healers ofthe collective unconscious the Barut remind both
Sleepers and Awakened that all people are descended from heroes
and are children ofthe natural frees. They are renowned scholars,
tale-weavers, performers and promoters of intercultural harmony.
As such, their words carry much weight.

ConrtRARtES

More a way of life than a secret society, these hada dress iin
clothes of the opposite sex, walk backward, speak the exactoppo-
‘site of their intentions, and live their lives in reverse. By ding?
they hope to accomplish several purposes. First, Conelaai

oples' expectations by acting in reverse. Those who woul

Contraris' intentions most chink beyond what they see
and hear. Second, these sacred clowns bring laughter'and happi-
nes, knowing that people are stronger. when dnited in' gook
feelings. While comical, theit actions are quite serious: In
the difficulties Contraries labor under are sacrifices for'
+ Many Dreamspeakers aire the Contraris,

cation, Fally a any others see chem as


Thecelebration of the:
shepettonngol th i for:

ships, adoptions and
exist in most of
rorealzetheiesy
ing is our great



BEYOND THE
DREAM

(EXTERNAL RELATIONS)

‘On giddy newborn wings, Michael Skyhawk
burst from the cavern and bolted into the sky. His
cexultant cry cracked across the stcclways as he
flung them behind him with a rapid flurry of his
wings. Height was exhilaration, not a threat, and
(ff < clsabed straight upward unl the skeletons of

scl seemed titchesonaslowly healing wound.
reservation had the sy sceancd wo expersive and
he dove hendfest inco lei a liver ono these

If this is a dream, I don't wamt to wake up. I wan to fy like this
for ecernity

"If you're not careful," snapped his mentor's voice, "that's
«exactly what you'll do. But it won't be pleasant."

Michael wheeled, His surprised cry became the raptor'sshrick.
He searched for the source of the voice. Only distant clouds and
stars shared the sky with him.

~

ld | understood how to gee. have forgotten this grace since

— Chief Luther Standing Bear

"Freedom is all well and good, and you should cherish it like
wann fire, But don't forget the shadows on that fire's edge, little
‘one, of you'll be drawn into them in time, and become like them.
Nothing buea shadow, cold, dark and empty, hiding from the light.

"There are all too many shadows in our world, Michael
Skyhawk, and this, too, you must learn, Our Path is old and wide,
bur as the bones of our ancestors show, we do not walk it alone.
Someone put you on that reservation, boy, and theit breath is still
‘upon this world in ways you can't even i

Looking down across the land, Michael saw a wash of glowing
fog wrapped like tendrils around the steel mountains he had built.
With the razor-sight of his new hawk form, he spotted figures in the
‘mist. Some danced like maniacs, others brooded in contemplation.
Some seemed like people, others like ghosts, and still others like

People

"Not just people," the old woman wamed. "Some are lots
imoce than mere people

Lots of people.


THe BREATHING NIGHT

All the waters are mine!
All the waters are mine'
Go away
Go away:
Or FIL you!

— "Glooscap Fights the
(Micmac Indian Tale)

Water Monster

Dreamspeakers are both solitary and sociable. We walk the
Umbral paths alone, searching out spirit teachers, totem beings
and places to work our medicine. We meditate alo

visions and open to the life-pulse of the Earth. Each,

a separate call, and undergoes a change through a single, lonely

trial by fire and initiation,

‘At the same time, we live within the greater arena of our
families and tribes, and from there, we greet the world a
Mecti

and embrace our wise brothers and clever sisters.

ne another beyond the flesh, we recognize our kinship

The lwaacknow!-
ccdge us as allies, and the totems pas on their guarded knowledge

For these reasons, we are never truly alone, but walk surrounded by

kin both in the visible and invisible worlds.

Reaching outward as our lives' circles encompass others, we

sce that we are alone among many. Our fellows within the Trad

40. - DREAMSPEAKERS

tions' Council accord usa place among them, though few under-
stand who we are. Other allies, such as those of the Changing
eds, bond with us, even while our enemies unite against us.
ther, we shake the roots of the world, and the Sleepers hear

our footsteps as they slumber

WitcHes

We members of the Society of Dreams do not practice magick;
we follow the Medicine Path, and if others choose to call it
that is their concern. We make a distinction between

"magick
ourselves and the sorcerers around us, and that is this: Medicine is
for healing and helping
often an extension of one-who-dreams, of a man ge wom
who sacrifices an old life to follow the ways of God and the Earth.
A witch or sorcerer seeks to bend the world to his or her will
through magick. The two ate not the same, Although we share
similar tools at times, our vision is a purer one. Nevertheless, we
share this world with witch-priests and science-sorcerers, and we
must take them into account.

CRAFTS, ORPHANS AND SOLITARIES

Many shamans follow the old Paths so deeply that they refuse
to recognize our own, We let them g
wthinder us in ours. Many of our brothers and sisters turned away

a weapon when necessary, but

heir way s0 long ws they do

from the Council, and we respect their decision. So badly have they


been beaten that they regued everyone as « threat to them now

Some, like the island folk called Kopa Loci and Bata'a, call us
{tespasters on our native lands. Sometimes we fight, but as a tule
wwe stay to our own roads. Others, like Hollow On

mysterious figures, make trouble in the shadows

‘asrond, we do — with friendship if posible, in ange if

OTHER TRADITIONS

(Our companions are

ace predictable. Though we walk

beside them, we recall that long ago, the sorcerers who formed the
Council forced usall rogether out of ignorunce and fear. Some have
learned better ways in the centuries since, but many stil

those first opinions. The darkness of our skins is like « bartier
between us, and they all too quickly dismiss what we have to say
While we urge them to grow wiser, we no longer blindly believe

that all our brethren are tuly our frie

The Verbena, Cultists of Eestas
allies. Though we
traditions alive, and

‘Our four ways accept the cycles of life, and while we may not crust

some witches' motivations, theit understandings are sound. We
revere lif like the Verbena, understand death like the Euthanatos,
and broaden our senses to get a better view like the Cultists of

Ecstasy. It is a pity that so many of these sorcerers seek power for

themselves or wander in their own, not a one of them
does not bear some watching
Still, they make strong allies and worthy friends, unlike the

smug wizards of the Order and the Chorus, who would bind us to

their ways, or the spider-mages ofthe laptop and laboratory. While
J the power of words, they fui to comprehend
their true importance; the priest-kings of the Celestial order

Hermetics under

possess spiritual insight, but let it blind them to the light of other,
der ways. As for the clever monkeys and their gadgets, the best |

ccan say is that they understand their tools well but rely on them

wermuch,

Unlikely allies, al. Sell, many among us were on

and we joined together to pursue acommon purpose. Itisoften
said that
family. So

me cannot choose his family, and the Couneil is our
we may have to fight them, or at least challenge
‘es; until then, we walk beside them and try to change

thei hearts. This wor

has seen enough bloodshed, and an uneasy

cousin is better than an angry stranger.

Tue TecHNOCRACY

people's tongues were tied

they were given books to poison their minds
Dead C:

The cleverest monkeys ofall have captured reality and placed

it in a museum where it dances to their tune. While some of their
tricks have created good things, like strong homes and decent
sewage, the wizard-scientists won't be content unless the world lies
beneath their blanket. We hold these enemies of life and the spirit
able for destroying our families, tribes and customs.
ints of the New World Order for eradicat-

1n Dance, "Song of the Dispossessed"

While we d

ise the ag

BEYOND THE DREAM 41

ing our cultural identities, revile mad explorers for mapping away
cour sacred places, and
their own spirits, we save ou
and the Syndicate.

Since the 1800s, the Society of the Twisted Serpent

dour people, dashed them with diseases while withhok

ichine-witchesf
atest hat

for the Progenitors

has

scerii
the cures, and tested new drugs in Africa and Asia. Their malice is
exceeded only by the boardroom bastards who herd our people int.
cities, stuffthem down mine shafts, sweep them with vice,and then
‘mortgage their souls. Our people have given up thei
and heritage to work for drug cartels, world banksand trinkets. Our
children run with guns in their hands, sell themselves as ps

tutes, and die every day in diamond and ur

hollow out the spirit of the world and stamp it into currency. We
do not like these "shapers ofa new t
them at every chance. Their

row," and we han

confounds our ways, but new
and
and the

warriors among us have cultivated the spirits of plastic, st
electric pulse

plastic cards and disks that shore up this hollow magick will be

re will speak their language, t00

more useless than dust. Then we shall enact our rev

MAARAUDERS

We cannot fully condemn the Mad, for we know the ways of
prophet. The Iwa touch i
few of us would raise our hands against such god-inspired i

‘minds of the

als. They sce dreams as the only world, and that makes them
threat to us and ours, f them need counsel, n
tion. Their real mistake is that they try to speak the dre

as if it needed no translation. For this, they should be pitied

observed and interpreted, not slain

42. DREAMSPEAKERS

Tue Lost Ones

Some beings, who seck the inner darkness, should be slain.
The Nephandi, who give themselves utterly tothe Path of Night-
mares, revel in speaking words of destruction and unmaking to
please thet Infernal masters and gain power f

their existence at the

turn upon the Dreamwheel, Ourallies among the Changing Breeds
speak of fomori, who enter into unholy unions with spirits of

themselves. Other

death, profonging
thers and refusing to take their

corruption and destruction. Like our allies, we see such constructs
as abominations which must be cleansed ifthe Earth isto be healed.
‘Once, there was a place for such creatures; they have outgrown
their role in the Great Dream these days, and like thorns, they must
be cut down and cleated away:

CHANGING Breeds

Shapeshifters spirit rossbreeds bom fom the wordsofirand:
smother and Gran
keepers of the Earth. The best of them wage an eternal battle
inst the Great Destroyer, which they call the Wyrm. Theie gifts

nts them mighty powers. Pure animal, part himan

ather, ae the clearers of those thorns and the

pare
spirit, the Changing Breeds embody the ties we all once had, but
have lost. Inthe old days, they were our teachers,
impanions le. Now the Changing Breeds, like us,
dwindle in number, but where we grow stronger, they weaken and
dic. Itisour duty to help our neat-kin when we can, and tocontinue

irbattle when they, like so many other legendary creatures, are

VV

icksters and


gone. Hear now the names ofthe changing ones, and know what
they have given us

« Bastet — From the great cats, we leamed silence, stealth
and swiftness. Pumonca the Cougar and Qualmi the Lynx still
watch over us from theirhidden placesin the American wilderness
Balam the Jaguar protect the rainforest ofthe Amazon; hershrieks
ofrage echo like warcries inthe spirit world. Bagheera che Panther,
Simba the Lion and Swara the Cheetah guard the secret places of
‘Aftica. Khan the Great Tigee watches the forests of India and the
mountains of Asia forthe corruptr spirits and rends them to bits
with hisrighteous claws. Longago, we beheld the beauty ofthe cat
folk, leamed their names, and passed thei lessons to our children.
We still do when we can.

# Corax —Raven hols an important place in the stories of
our people. His children, the shapeshfting ravens, herald change
(sometimes unwelcome, such as war and death) and fortune. Their
shining eyes see secrets, no matter how well they are concealed.
They have taught us to look for hidden things and to search the
skies for signs of change. We do

# Garou —Wolves have always carried messages between the
worlds, and the Garou today beara message that cannot be ignored.
Mother Earth and Father Sky ae joined in hartle against those who
would corrupt them, The werewolves who call themselves Utena,
Silent Striders and Wendigo have much knowledge to share with

us, and our warrior often join them against those who would
destroy our common dream.

* Gurahl — The werebears were once our close kin. Bear is
mighty totem, and those children of hers who stil walk the Earth
are said to be masters of life and death. Now, all too many of them
are gone, victims of werewolf rage and human depredations. Theit
doom is an ironic thing; of all the shapechangers, none loved
humans so much as these giants ofthe Earth Mother, Theirhealing
ways and fierce protective natures gave us examples to follow.
Some of us seek them out in their hidden Realms and secret lars,
hoping to convince the few that ar left to return to an Earth that
needs them. Ifthey will nt come, we still owe them our thanks for
what they have already done.

+ Mokolé — Once in a great while, we encounter a dream s0
ancient it makes our elders seem like babes. We call these the
‘memories of Mokolé Mbembe, the Great Dragon Kings who recall
the First Days in detail. Once in an even greater while, a
Dreamspeaker meets one ofthese venerable beasts, Let me tell you,
itis not a meeting easily forgotten.

Imagine tree, ancient and mossy. Imagine it with teeth, and
‘eyes, and legs that carry it with slow determination. Give it a
hunger for living flesh and a memory ofthe primal world, and this
is a Mokolé Mbembe. In the deepest swamps and forests, they


dream their agcless dreams. Step lightly if you should ever chance
to meet one, The Dragon Kings do not understand forgiveness.
‘¢ Nuwisha — The shapechanging children of the Tr
Coyote, share the realm of dreaims with us. Their playful, mischie
vous natures disguise the greatness in their hearts. Our legends tell
‘of how Coyote braved the wrath of his brothers and sisters to teach
secrets to humans, and his children still dare much in their
protection of the Otherworld. Their boldness leads them into
trouble, but their cleverness shows them the way out. It is easy to
admire the children of Coyote from a distance; if you should meet
cone in the flesh, cake care. Their pranks are much funnier to hear
about than to endure, and the lessons they teach may cost you your

dignity, possessions or even your life if you are not careful. Ie is
always best to laugh with Nuwisha; a serious face isa challenge to
them,

CHANGELINGS

Long ago, the invisible folk —
cultures — lived among us as kin. When the world became t00
harsh for them, they retreated to areas where none could follow

alled faeries in other

Some tried to return to their ancient homeland, and found the
doors to it had closed tight. Many humans who valued the beauty
m people offered their bodies as hosts to the survivors

das we have, if not for

of these di

their decision to link their bodies with the spirits of raw dreaming.
As it is, they have Awakened in heir own way, and share a
Dreaming that even we find alien. We cannot condemn their
choice, but we mourn both the passing ofthe invisible onesand the
loss of our cousins to the "changeling way.

Some say there are those among our families and tribes who.
have opened themselves as messengers for the spirits of earthbound
invisible folk, and they too underwent the "changeling way.
Those who did arecalled the Nunnehi;they are the little people, the
water babies, the rock giantsand the cloud walkers our stories spoke
‘of and our ancestors revered. They have preserved our dances, our
songs and the oldest ways, and they have sustained the human
tries, even after their own tribes have vanished. They are dreams
clothed in our flesh; treat them with respect.

Now Michael flew through the city, winging between the
steel-boned structures, and peering in the windows and down the
ses within, Avoiding the grasping spiders
along the webbing, he flexed his wingson currents of dream-air. He
scanned the chilly blue serets, and was amazed at the colors of the

alleys at the living sh

night
‘Are you still here, Grandmother? His mind-voice had acquired
a formal, more respectful tone
Only silence.
Silence and the voices of the street, the webbing and the

Tue IWAAND THEIR KIND

Allobjectsandall creatures are alive. Thisisthe free principle
of Spirit medicine. Early people knew this, and lived with the
knowledge that invisible beings ofall kinds surrounded them. They
Jeamed to ask guardians of lakes for help when fishing, and to thank
the spirits of ish for allowing themselves to be caught. In that way,
‘everyone shared a part of Dreamspeaker medicine. Iwa could also

44. DREAMSPEXKERS


tecome angry, andinthe distant pst people knew how to appease
$f theic anger through sacrifices and ceremonies
Modern people have forgotten this rue. To them, animals
and plans are virually mindless and inanimate objects are just
that — lfeles. Modem people no longer undertand tha the
spits oftheir ancestors remain close by; instead, they relegate
them toa plc of ground of to some distant paradise or hell
Because the moder world denies the existence ofthe Invisible
‘Ones, ithas become deaf othe lesions those beings ean teach,
Spirits are the breath of life. We Dreamspeakers come to them
to learn how to Bing chat life-giving breath back toa dying
We remember our Invisible Brethren and know thei
names. Our prayers address them on behalf of thote who
have forgotten. Helping our people to undertand and ac-
cept these Deams-Made Real sone of our greatestconcems
Batnotallpirtsamong the Etare the same. In order to speak
yy to Those-Who-Are-Timeless, you must first understand who
FZ ws what itis you are addressing,
‘Asshamans, weare gifted with the knowledge ofhow to speak
Sth our Friends Within. Our knowledge teaches us respect, helps

{sto know how to pleat the spirits, and shows us what we can ask
D AX fom them in return. We serve creation, and through that, serve
‘our sprit kin. Because we do not treat them as entities to be

commanded, the spirits are ou friends and allies. Even those who

do not care to deal with mankind rarely harm us, for they know

they can express their dislike and we will lave. Ourway isnot the
way of command, but of bargaining and persuasion

NAmMInc tHe Spirits

Hear now the many forms the spirits take. Under:
stand theie function, and respect their place in creation,
Even the corrupters have arole inthe Great Dream —they
have simply overstepped their part: Know and understand
that each type has a thousand differences within itself, and

that each sprit has its own wishes and nceds. Treat the spirits
as if they were human beings. Our world i more populated than
you can imagine.

ature Spirits — These spirits live inside natural objects

and forces, and include the spirits of the sky, such as sun, moon,

wind and thunder, as well as spirits of the earth such as rocks,
mountains and rivers. Sky spirits such as Tirawa, who dwells in the
heights of the heavens, and Orungan, the Yoruban sky deity,
oversee the movement of weather pattems and the paths of the
stars. Fart spirits, including Oya the Dark Harvest Goddess and
the volcano spirit Pele, walk closely near the paths of humans.
Nature spirits appear as boles of lightning, clouds, watery beings or
other fitting shapes, although some take on comely human forms
when it suits them. Their temperaments fit their elemental func-
tions; fire spirits are aggressive and passionate, water ones flow
smoothly but strong, air spirits whisper and shift, and earth
spirits speak slowly and plainly. Remember: The crackle of
electrons and the dance of light waves have their spirits, too. If
you understand their ways, they make useful helpers in the
modern world
‘+ Animal and Plant Spirits — These spirits live
within individual creatures and plants, and enjoy an even,
closer relationship with humankind. The Com Maidens of
Pueblo culture and the litter siblings of the great totem

»,


spirits such as Raven, Hare and Otter seek opportunities to travel
back and forth across the Barrier. Sorcerers call such animal .
companions "familias," but we know them for what they really are
— trusted friends and allies. Few Dreamspeakers go without such
help. Our Path is lonely, and our burdens grow heavy without aid.

+ Human Spirits — Most people's spirits remain close tothe
living world after their bodies die. Some do so to guide and procect
their loved ones. These are ancestor spirits — the remembered
dead. Others seek an opportunities to re-enter the world ofthe
living through the bodies of infants boen from theit Blood. The
(Crazy Horse and Martin Luther King,Jr. stay closes longasthe
living honor heir inspeation. Some of these spirits appear in
dreams as messengers o¢ teachers, glowing with an inner light

till other spirits remain as angry ghosts, calling out for revenge
‘ofseekingit themselves. Their pain poisons the world, but their
vengeance may be just. Sometimes we avenge them, or find
them newbies forasecond chance a life. Sometimes we send
them away into Oblivion, the fearful darkness beneath the
surface ofthe world where angry spirits punish themselves. Let

the spirit make her case, then decide what todo. Just beware —
ritsof the dead often lie, Very, very often, they li

the

* Time Spirits — Some occurrences shake the world s0
strongly that their memories breed zeigeists, the spirits of an ag
Rising from human emotions, such spirits embody an era, not
pethaps the way it was, but the way we prefer to remember it
Even we Dreamspeakers admit that time spirits puzle us. They
appear to change form and personality according to our mood,
and uct in predictably eccentric ways. Not many time spirits
appear to exist, but ic is hard to tell where one ends und another
begins. Such spirits wear many hats, and speak in many voices.

‘* Totem Spirits — These powerful spiritcreatures take the
form of particular animals, plants or natural things, but are much
more than that. They ate guiding spirits. Bear spirits take their
forms and natures from Bear herself, while all wolves follow the
lead of Wolf, Totem spi
anionship to chose who know how
Changing Breeds have a special bond with these beings, drawing
inspiration from them and actively soliciting their aid and
protection. Some of us share that bond and enjoy their patron:
well

offer protection, wisdom and com~

approach them. The

age a

‘ Paradox Spirits — Reality has its own dream. Paradox.
spirits are its nightmares. When we disturb the sleep of the
world, reality waves its hand to make us go away. Puradox spits
us if you make too much noise of awaken the world to0 suddenly
dox spirit to wave away a witch instead.

guide a P

A pity they aren't waved away often enough

# Dream Spirits — All spirits are part of the Great Dream, of
‘course, but some have « stronger connection to that Dream than.
others. The fae hosts call them "chimera,"
imagination. We call them Muses, Night Terrors and other names.
To those who only brush against them in dreams, these spirits are
potent but not deadly. To those of us who vencure into the dream
world in bodies, they ares real as we. Treat with these imagination
spirits as if they were madmen. Leam their wisdom, then leave.

spirits created by

46. DREAMSPEAKERS

4
Mss


‘* Weaver, Wyrm and Wyld Spirits — The Fine Dreams of
Grandfatherand Grandmother, these three entities crafted Mother
Earth and Father Sky and spread their children across creation.
‘Weaver is the porter, Wyld isthe clay, and Wyrm is the fre that
bakes the pot and breaks it. From the pieces, new clay arises. At
least, this is how it should be, how it once was. Now the fire has
‘rept across the earth, burning it away and leaving only ash. The
‘potter has gone mad, and the clay refuses to take shape. In a rage,
the potter flings the cay into the oven, and we all burn. Each of
these grand spits has its own brood, and each member of is brood
has thousands of young. Inthe sprit world, you will see them —
Patter Spiders, Vortices, Banes and many more. Beware their
touch, for they areal insane. In time, the potter, clay and fire wll
calm themselves, or so we hope. If not, their rage and fire will
consume us all

+ Epiphlings — These mysterious spirits embody abstract
‘ideas, myths, philosophical concepts and emotions. Many lack true
‘individuality, bt others have distinet personalities and unimistak-
able appearances. Our Council cousins call them "Umabrood"; to
‘us, they ae simply one typeof spirit among many. Some are quite
powerful, and build Realms of pure concept inthe far spirit worlds;
‘others simply float like balls of string, coying with our expectations
and puzzling us with raw ideas.

‘The Skyhawk disappeared. Michael was Michael once more,
and he was falling.

Slowly.

But falling.

He flapped his arms, but they refused to feather. His legs
‘pumped without talons. He opened his mouth, and a human voice
cried out,

"Oh, shit!"

"Oh, hush," the old woman replied, her voice by Michael's
cear, "Where are your"

"A dream," he recalled sheepishly, as he floated down and
‘finally landed in aclearing. "You've got to admit, though, ic looked
like that was going to hurt."

"Get used to pain, Michael Skyhawk," she retumed. The
steclworker looked around the clearing, but the old woman's voice
‘came from nowhere and everywhere. "We al live in a liferime
‘going from hurt to hurt. If we're lucky, some pleasures come along.
tomake the pain worthwhile. Or we at least get to choose what will
hurt, and how much."

"And what's my choice?"

"You tell me." At one end of the clearing, the same cave he
had been in earlier awaited, bright with spiders and deep with
doubts. At the other, a scuffed deertrack promised a quick escape
from the woods and the cavern. The mountains of webbed steel
were gone, as were the shapes and shadows. This choice was his,
and he was alone,

"T'm gonna regret this," he muttered as he strode toward the
caver, but the complaint came from the throat, not the heart. No,
mn not going to regret this. I won't let myself regret i. Afterall, how
many people get this chance?

"Not many," whispered a voice ashe entered the cavern and
the shadows wrapped around him. "Not many ever do..."

SLeepers

| peeped che agenda

America

‘Surrender

‘Make it easy on yourself

Bow, to the wind of change

(Change, withthe changing wind

‘comin' in

tke a prophecy

Promise

anew reality

—dadahdoodahda, "Son Talkin"

‘The Council of Nine refers to mortals whose Avatar stil
slumber as "Sleepers," but we prefer to call them sleepuallers. Only
those who are truly Awake can truly sleep, and thus pass into the
world of dreams. Although many of our people understand the old
ways, only lucky few ever experience the gift of true medicine.
This gift is not free — we pay for ital our lives — but itis precious.
‘Without it, the people of the world are blind,

‘Many of our kind understand the curse of that blindness. In
hettos, owns and reservations, our people drown themselves in
anguish and dscase. The blindness of goed plows the rch soil under
and tums up worms for our children to eat. Many of us have had our
fillof this banquet. Our mission in thissckly wold isto digin the dirt,
‘with ourhands and ou spirits, to retrieve the rch soil plant init, and
bring forth a harvest ofhope. Ifthe rch blind men wll not lt us near
the land, we will shove their plows down their throats. Our way ist
concof violence —hate breedshate, and wehaveseen the piritsofhate
themsclves—butifwehaveno other choice, we wlltake the warior's
‘wayandhope forthe bes. Bette, though, that we should offer the oil,
of the new dream to all who slumber, white and black, Indian and
Oriental, woman and man, and that our gift should sweep the
‘landnes from teireyes Thesleepwalkersare out brothersand sisters,
too, and a long as we keep decaring, keep talking and keep working,
‘together, the Greatest Dream of all ages may yet begin.

‘We have all spoken.

‘The old woman patted Michael's knee and chuckled. "My
story's done, fr the time being. I's time for you to go back and see
‘what has become of you." The ancient Dreamspeaker rose to her
feet and gestured for Michael to do the same.

Michael stood upandstretched,felingthe ripple othisslep-stiff
smuscles. The clearing stood as he had lef it, long before the cave and.
the walk and the flight. "What happened?" His tone was puzld,
‘confuse, iitated yet curious. "I stepped offa building into thin air to
_gethere, and I left here a long time ago. Where's the cave? Where's the
building? Dd [fall in that world? Or did I dream this whole thing?"

‘A chorus of laughs greeted the young Mohawk's question.

"Of course you dreamed it," the old woman replied. "That's
what Dreamspeakers do! Where you end up when you leave us
depends on how well you've learned to dream."

"Right." The word held resignation, befuddlement and hu-
‘mor. "I almost understood that."

"We'll soon find out," the mentor concluded. "I hope, for your
sake, that you were listening."



SPEAKERS OF THE

SACRED TONGUE

(CHARACTERS)

A log thrown into the water does not become a crocodile

African proverb

these spirit workers adape to the world around them. A very
practical Tradition at heart, they do what works.

Many outsiders question the sham Dreamspeakers understand only too well where man-
arin world today, calling their ways primi- kind has gone wrong. Though they stand apart. as dreamers,
Paoenend their magick obsolete. These they alo live in the world and touch upon all the concerns
or have little understanding of the of modern life. The following character templates present 8
it,ormuch few examples ofhow Dreamspeakers both fit the stereotypes
are all and defy all attempts to pigeonhole them.

deni
resiliency and ete
knowledge of what Dreams,
about. Call them throwbai

ak
you will, but


INNER-CIty Spirit Doctor

You will not be able to stay home, brother. You wil not beable vo plugin, turn on an cop out. You will not be able to lose yourself
con shag and skip out for beer during commercials, because the Revolution will not be televise.

=Gil Scott-Heron, "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised"

Quote; Don't cell me you're alienated. The world is what's alienated, and I have to bring it back.

Prelude: Your roots lead back to Haiti and Africa. A child of the children of slaves, you sought freedom by becoming a
‘mambo (Priestess) of the Voudoun tradition. You dreamed of shaping a new world, and opened yourself to the spirits, letting
themride you. Your body became their "hors: iow, the [wa help you diagnose physical and emotional
illness, anditell you how ro help your neighbors, too. Voudoun minimiz
and takes yengeance when necessary. It is the only faith for you, and you follow it well.

Now, all are angry. Those-who-have will never willingly surrender their positions and power. They laugh at the spirits

a9 while they plunder whats leftof the Earth. The wrathful spits themselves need
Neither the people nor the spirits will be denied any longerOne way
or the other, the new world will come.
Spirits wrenched away from their rightful
1 you their voice. In the Otherworld, you

your voice their voice

life's pain, screngthens those who must carry on,

drives yo

connection to the world
have felt their desolation. A healer by

fe, you now
fight oppression's disease to wipe it out.

The city, where spirits are angriest, is where
youare needed most. It's your job to placate their
wrath, through appeasement ot by giving it a

voice. Your people, dispossessed and disentr
chised, die without their connection to the
invisible world. You'll do whatever it takes to

lance the world and to

wre your people's
survival

Roleplaying Hints: You are that most
\ceful individual
Acommitted
revolutionary that
in is only possible once in-

dangerous being: the p

hed too
you b

who hasbeen

Ascens
equalities — and those who

propagate them — are wiped out
Magick: Yourmagickisrooted
| im the Voudoun traditions. You
© 49 scudy Splrie; that you may know
those who ride you. Life and Mind
allow you to treat sicknesses of body
and mind, and give you some control
over those who will not heed the
spirits' lessons.
Equipment: Altar covering,
candles, roots, herbs, flowers, pow-
ders, oils, photographs of

ancestors and saints, incense,
cigarettes and liquor to offer to
the spirits, skin drum, snake, black
chicken, skull, colorful clothing, ani-
mal bones, knife, fake ID and green card

50. -DREAMSPEAKERS

Fy


WA

Name:
Playe
Chroni
Physical
Strength. 0000
Dexterity, @@000

@@000

Stamina.

Talents

Expression
Instruction,

Intuition,
Intimidation,

Su

Subterfuge

i RAN‘ PeAKERI™

rhe Ascension™
Nature: Carecrver
Essence: Pattern

Concept: Inne Cry Srinit Dr.
Mentor:

Demeanor: Deviant Cabal:
i
Social Mental
Charisma @@080 Perceptions
Manipulation. ©0000 _Intelligenc
Appearance. ©0000 Wis

Skills
De.
Drive.
Etiquette

Knowledges
Comput 00000
Cosmology. 0000
Culture. 00000

Firearms,

Enigmas

Leadership,
Meditation,
Melee_

Research

Investigation,
Law
Linguisti
Lore.

Stealth.
Survival,

Medicine.
Occult,

Technology. 00000,

Science.

aS LSS

00000
00000
00000

Correspondence__
Entropy.
Forces,

Life. e000

Prime.

Mind. @@000

Spirit

00000

Matter.

Time.

SST

Backgrounds
AVATAR @0000
Aue @@000
INFLUENCE @@000
00000
00000

Other Traits

Dance

Arete
@@e0000000

Willpower

@@e0e2e00000
ooo000000

Quintessence
S809

Incapacitated

Experience


TecHNo-SHAMAAN

Your dream landscapes are man-made ones of skyscrapers,

Your weakness, city,

iets koe ood sidewalks, cars, computers, televisions and subways
=sibgarenee) Haresine These things have their sprit as well, and
"City" you hear their voices and see their

_ pain. They have a right to exist
Bs; hes, pinto alongside the natural spirits; and
feastie? i you interpret their urban dreams

toothers who just don't under-
stand. If by doing so you can
rally the city's spirits to
your views, pethaps you

Prelude: Your
people were almost
annihilated when
the Europeans

can protect them from
came, Their ways protect

Technocratic domination.

Roleplaying Hints:

The world cannot return

tothe past. Ircanonly move
forward. Your vision isafuture in which

were scorned,

their religion
belittled as su-
perstition and
heathen nonsense. Those old
customs and beliefs are almost
gone. Being a child of the
little

youco-opt the Technomancers' ma-
chinery and fully awaken the
spirits within it. While others
avoid technology, you em-
brace the Jagglings and Pattern
Spiders asspiritkin. These spit

modern city, yo
to mourn in that, You
had a good job working
on the high steel as many
of your people had done.
‘Then yourmentorarrived,

its of pattern-making are the
children of Grandmother Spi-
der, whose webs wove together
the world. Youdance the rites

dlistupting your life, opening

our eyes, and claiming your ‘
bhi oe known to your people for gen-

erations, but you do it to a
modern beat.

it)

allegiance for the
Dreamspeakers. She
showed you many worlds, and
proved that the spirit live within every mortal thing — just
as your ancestors had said all along.

The ancient ones walked within towering forests and
atop sacred mountains. Now you journey through the stark
landscape of glass skyscrapers, steel bridges and' asphalt
highways. The spirits within the structures and machinery of
the modem world are yours to behold.

Concept: You are not meant for life in the wilderness,
however much your Tradition enjoys the natural world.

MSPEKERS
pee

Magick: You want to
know all the Spheres so that you n
flow easily from one to another. For now, you focus on Spirit,
Matter, Correspondence and Prime. Except for the actual
learning of the Spheres, you have pretty much been on your
own. No one else quite believes your vision yet.

Equipment: Rattles, drum, feathers, hard hat, work
boots, boom box, laptop computer, repair kit.


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

cal
e000

__@@@00

e000

Phy:
Strength__*
Dextei
Stamina.

Talents
Alertness__
Athletics__

Expression,
Instruction,
Intuition
Intimidation__¢
Stre

Subterfuge

MAGE: The Ascension™
Nature: Visionary

Concept: Tecono-$u,

WREAMSPeAKERI™ i

IAMAN,

Essence: Pattern Mentor:
Demeanor: Agcuitect Cabal:

ini

Social Mental
Charisma_ @@000 Perception. 0000
Manipulation. ©0000 Intelligence e000
Appearance___@@O000 Wits __@@@00

Skills
Do. ____00000
Drive
Btiquet
Firearms,
Leadership
Meditation.
Melec__

Knowledges
Computer.
Cosmolo
Culture.
Enigmas.
Investigation,

Survival_
Technology_

—SSSSS—SM

@0000
__00000
00000

Correspondence__
Entropy

Backgrounds
_@0000
©0000

__@@@00
@@000

___00000,

Other Traits

Danone

Life.

Mind,
Matter.

Arete
@@@e0000000

Willpower

@ee@eee00000
oo000000000

Quintessence
o55a

Cone
Paradox

Health
Bruised

Injured
Mauled

Incapacitated

Experience

oO
10
20

a


DRreAnd THERAPIST

Every sickness is an attempt at healing and every a
healing an attempt to escape from the everyday
neurosis of ordinary consciousnesss0s toarive at
‘a more subtle and, inthe las resort, superhuman

— Holger Kalweit, Dreamtime and Inner
Space

Quote: Don't tell me what you think, tll me what you dream.
Better yet, let's dream together. Take a walk with me?

Prelude: Your ancestors lived in the Australian outback; you
srew up in the city, relegated to an alien culture. Great-Grandmother
remembered the old ways, and taught them to you. At night, she lulled
you to sleep with her stories; during the daytime, she watched you as you
played. You sensed your family's disapproval of your closeness to Granny, but no
tone explained the funny looks on their faces every time you mentioned her
name. It wasn't until you were in your teens that you discovered that Great-
Grandmother had died before you were born. When she appeared to you one
last time and called you o come with her on walkabout, you chose to believe
yout dreams rather than your parents. Three wecks later, you came back as Fora
1 Dreamspeaker. Now you help others find their visions, and let the
skeptics be damned!

Concept: You meld the ways of your Aboriginal ancestors with
modem psychiatry. The conclusions you've reached astound your pro- _[
fessional acquaintances, but would hardly surprise your tribal kin, Jung's
collective unconscious is alive and wel, and you know how and where i
tofind it. Most people have been overwhelmed by modem life. I'ssore t
‘ofa quest of yours to bring them back into the Dreamtime. You dream
with them, and in dreaming, bring them to full consciousness.

Roleplaying Hints: You heal fractured and fragmented minds.
‘Toglo that, you sometimes have to enter others' inner realities and
bring their souls back from the abyss. ew would credit your methods
(especially if they ever saw you naked and painted with tribal
symbols during your sessions), so your healings remain private
affairs, Ir matters litle; shamans are always recognized by those who
need them. Fewer still would understand your determination to
enter the Dreamtime fully as your spirit animal and bring back
those minds who have traveled too far for you to reach. Someday
you'll solve the riddle of Marauders so they can help bring the
world back to the path it was meant to follow.

Magick: Though youare ostensibly apractitionerof Wester yi
psychiatry, your magick is that of the Aboriginal wise women and
men of high degree. You concentrate on Spirit and Mind, but also study
both Life and Time. The Life Sphere will help you care for those with
physical ailments, and Time will be necessary when you learn to
exist within the Dreamtime.

Equipment: Medical bag, ocher pigment, crystal, sa
vory herbs for burning, digeridoo, drum, bullroarer.


MAGE: The Ascension™

an PRAMS peAKERS™ io

Name: Nature: Agcuitect Concept: Dreau THerarist
N Player: Essence: Quetinc Mentor:
N Chronicle: Demeanor: Careciver Cabal:
imi
a Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Chari: __ @@@00 _Perceptio @@000
Dexterity. @@000_ M: 0800  Intelligence____@@®O000
Stamina. -  @@@80 = Appear @@000 Wits @@000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 yp OOOO Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 @0000 = Cosmology___ @0000
‘Awarenes_____@O0O0O __Etiquet @@000) Culnure__
Brawl___O0000 Firearms, 00000 &

Dodge ___00000 eadership__ 00000 Invest
Expression___ Meditation, Law__
Instruction___ Melee. Linguistics,

Intuition ei Lore.

Medicine. @@000
Occult, 00000

Science.

Correspondence___OO000 __ Life, @0000 Prime.
Entropy__ 00000 Mind_ @@000 Spirit
Forces____ OO0000_ Marrer__ 00000 _ Tim

SSS

Backgrounds Arete Health
AVATAR @0000 @©@@0000000 Bruised

Dreams @@000 Hurt) eet

Iuetvance @@000 willpower Injured

Sanctum, _ @eo0o 20008000000

—SSooo UHOOoOO000

Mauled

Incapacitated

Other Traits
CunsBING @0000
PrycHoLogy @@000

Experience


Notep BrRetHReN

eestor, particularly those who have demonstrated
their connection with the Great Dream through
livesof sacrifice and struggle. Some livingshamans
have ako attained a measure of prominence for
their deeds and commitment. These are the stories
most often heard when spirit workers gather fora
turche, and the names which resound through the
ages in the voices ofthe wa.

StAR-OF-EAGLES
(First Co-LeAber oF tHE DREAM SPEAKERS)

‘Star-of Eagles seemed destined for aspecial purpose, demonstrat
ing an affinity with the spitit world that began in early childhood. His
‘prowess as a hunter and his insight into the hearts of others made him
almost certain towssume a position of leadership among his people, the
Powhatan. He spent long hours studying spirit lore and herbal medi-
cine with theelders. Acnight, he walked with the spirits, speaking with
them in vivid and portentous dreams. His totem, which appeared to
hhim in the form of a great eagle, frequently accompanied him on
‘hunting expeditions, and Star-of-Eagles always offered the magnifi-
‘cent predator a share of the kill.

Many thought Star-of-Eagles would become a great chief, but
his dreams told him otherwise. One day, he received a visitor —a
‘strange pale-skinned woman who called herself Nightshade. Star-
cof-Eagles knew her on sight, for he had already dreamed of her
‘coming. Nightshade convinced him that she was nota "witch" but
a willworker who understood sacrifice and selflessness, She told
‘him of lands where many lorekeepers, medicine men, seers and.
spirit travelers were planning grand meeting toforma united tribe
‘of "magick" workers. Introducing him to the concept of the
‘Tragition mages, Nightshade invited him to come to Mistridge.

‘Star-of-Eagles arrived at Mistridge in time for the Second
Tribunal. There he encountered spirit mages from the far ends of
the world. When he met Naioba, the graceful, ebony-skinned wise
woman of the Mo-Mo Keu Dreamlands, something blossomed in
his heart — and in Naioba's as well. The two of them found that
they had much in common despite their obvious differences. By the
time Star-of-Eaglesand Naioba assumed joint leadership of Those-
Who-Speak-With-Dreams," they had already recognized «
soul-bond that grew into their destiny as lifemates. In 1456, Sear-
of-Eagles and Naioba formally declared their union before the
Traditions in Horizon, home of the Council.

Eight years after their union, Naiobs died, the victim of
assassination hy a Dreamspeaker barabbi. Despite his overwhelm-
ing grief, Star-of-Eagles rallied his Tradition to prevent the Celestial
Chorus' attempt to convert Naioba's people to their own religious
vision. He continued to lead the Dreamspeakers alone, returning
to Horizon only when necessary.

‘With the other Tradition leaders, Star-of-Eagles blessed the
First Cabal as they set out on their mission. After the broken and
defeated survivors of that ill-fated quest returned to Horizon, Star-

of Eagles gave freely of his penonal power and his wisdom t repair
the damage done to theie spirits. When Walking Hawk — one of
the surviving members of the First Cabal — requested to return to
his people to warn them of the approach of dangerous times, Star-
‘of-Eagles willinly sent him home,

Some say that when his time on Earth was over, Star-of-Eagles
-zsumed the form of sn eagle and flew into the dream world in
search ofthe spi of Naioba, and that he wanders there till ready
‘to assist others of his kind who seek his aid.

NAIOBA
(Wise Woman OF THE

Mo-Mo Kev DREAMLAND!) >

Called to Mistridge to attend the Second Tribunal which
would forge the Council of Nine and unite the Traditions against
their common enemy, Naioba traveled the dreampaths from her
hhome in western Africa, certain that she would see wonders,
‘Alieady known as a wise woman of the Mo-Mo Keu Dreamlands
despite her relative youth, Naioba was a strong-willed individual
who often spent long periods of tie away from her ribe commun-
{ng with spirits. The voices of her dead ancestors spoke t0 het,
teaching her the mysteries behind the visible world. One of those
remembered dead guided her toa meeting with Sh'zar the Seer and
Ali-beh-shaar, both of whom invited her to journey t0 a great
meeting of other practitioners of magick.

Naioba's heart rejoiced when she encountered the many other
spirit mages whohad made the arduous journey to Mistridge. Her arms

‘embraced her fellow sisters and brothers of the dreampaths, many of.

whom she had seen in the Otherworld. She reveled in the strangersshe
ret as well, members of other Traditions who inhabited pale bodes
and had hai painted like the sunset or the desertand eyes ike the pale
colorsofthe momingandeevening skies. They fascinated herjustasher
‘own dark ska and exotic features awed them. To her, no one was a
stranger, forall were ae in the world ofthe spirit. She became the
‘unifying thread that wove together the potentially hostile tribal
shamans into one seamles tapestry the family of Dreamspeakers.

‘When she met Star-of-Eagles, she recognized in him her true
partner in love and work. Their marriage and the children she bore
as witness of theit love anchored the Tradition of Dreamspeakers
in a deep-seated joy that shared itself with everyone they knew. As
co-leader with Starof Eaglesof Those-Who-Speak-With-Dreams,
Naioba helped weld the disparate collection of shamans, medicine
workers, bubalawos and wisdom keepers intoa union that reflected
their common knowledge of Spirit magick.

Naiota's overriding weakness lay in her willingness to trust
het fellow mages. Thus, she never saw the magick-charged knife of
hher murderer. That the Dreamspeakers did not dissolve in anger
‘and self-recrimination proved a testimonial to the bridges of unity,
and solidarity both she and Star-of-Eagles had formed. At the
request of Starof-Eagles, the three children born to him and
"Naioba, thought by many to bear the seeds of Awakening, were
adopted by other Drcamspeakers and raised in anonymity. Each
‘yearn Horizon, the Festival of Lights honors Naioba (the sn) and.
her children (the Realm's three moons).

Be oie art AE SA CONN SNE


sticularly those of Africa, remember Naioba as
the Mother of Loving Spirits Some walkersin the spirit world claim chat
theyhave mether there sillattentiveto the needsofherpeople- Others
insist that Naioba's Avatar walks the Each today in the body of one of
hherchildeen'schildren'sdescendants. Somesay the talesportrayNaiob
as a woman too perfect to be truly human; the talekeepers respond,
"Why should we believe that she was anything less than perfection? A
dream disolves when we try to grasp it in our ands for observation; 0,
too, do the legends of our heroes pop like bubbles if we question them
too clsely." For the moment, at leas, the Dreamspeakers prefer 10
cx Niaoba as a perfection, asa dream, rather than as a human,
being, Maybe some dreams are too important to destroy

WALKING HAWK

(Seneca Meviciné MAN, DREAMSPEAKER

Representative oF THE FiRst CABAL)

Although Dreamspeaker lore remembers Walking Hai for his
part in the doomed mision of the Fist Cabal and for his eloquent
warming to his people, one of this Seneca Dreamspeaker's greatest

achievements preceded either of those deeds. Before the Europeans
ever began the voyage that would bring the white races to the shores
f the Pure Land, Walking Hawk had already crossed the Atlantic in
a double-cance made of elm-burk. That long and
to the shores of France and, ultimately, to Mistrid
formal initiation into the "new" Tradition of the Dreamspeaker,
although Walking Hawk had listened tohis dreams:

Power dreams summoned this aging warrior from his home
wwe him across the ocean. Few today understand the

courage and belief necessary to sustain such,

times before.

as unknown then as the depths of space are today. Alone and adrift
in the currents of the Atlantic, Walking Hawk let his faith in the
i Spirit carry him to his destination

Walking Hawk learned fint-hand ofthe dangers presented by the
newly formed Ordcr of Reason and their allies, the Inquisition. As
their prisoner, hissuflerings hardened his heart
ers. The Seneca medicine man also gained an intimate knowledge,
through his companions in the Fint Cabal, ofthe other Traditions. His
insights into thei strengths and weaknesses roused it
son toward his fellow mages that

ainst those unbeliev

as not always reciprocated.
Walking Hawk returned to his home transformed by his
experiences among the Traditions and in the hands of their
enemies. Though few contemporaries believed his outrageous tales
of impending destruction, later generations, remembering — too

fe — his words, attempted to unite against the Europeans

By that time, Walking Hawk had fully entered into the realm,
of spirit, leaving behind a body wracked by torture and a heart
saddened by the dissension he saw among those of his own kind,
and among all those who professed to believe in True Magick,

ADAMBARA
(Clever Woman OF THE DREAMTIME)

Named for the spider whose webs connect her to the world
beyond her body, Adambara grew up among the Aborigines of
western Australia. She Awakened just after her rites of puberty,
and began to lear the secrets of the Dreamtime. During one of her
spirit journeys, she had a vision of the sacred lands falling to great
beasts of concrete and metal. The spirits of the land, the Mimis who

SPEAKERS OF THE Benen TONGUE 57

dwelle Ts

Earth, and the Turongs, or tree-spiits, cried out asthe potato famine. There may be some truth to his claims. An
was ripped away from under them. ood, hestandsalmostsix feettal,
lexion that splits the difference
zader than thoxe of most Native
America ps full, with high cheekbones and hair that was "

creat extremely handsome man of mixed

Terrified, Adambara awoke, only to enter another d
skinned w

which a slender, da

tall, b

spoke of a great mission. Adambara left her tribe and journeyed originally dark und wavy. It isno longer shinin ‘
into the world of the white men, where she entered their schools _@ rainbow of colors, some natural, some not
and earned her credentials in ecology A poet, musician and storyteller, Painted Horse travels the
Today, she travels the world as a lecturer on the vanishing entertainment circles, educating people in the ways of the Native
Australian wildemess the preservation of her homeland Americansand shamanism. He performs dances and enacts itesin

any props, invites the audience to partici

Sun Dances, and lobbies for

and other endangered ecosystems. The power of her speeches has full costume and wi
pate in shamanic healings

won many to her cause. Like the spider, Adambara works

ative American rights

stuntly at building her web of concem. Many who have he

vatar within themselves an
wna and oth

havediscovered the.
ranks of Dreamspeakers, the V

He is also a Contrary. When not teaching or perforn

ig,
thes, says the opposite of what he
ssc all food until after sundown, will not travel unless

ins who Painted Horse wears wor

Earth meat
the sun is in the sky, and then sits facing backward in the convey

he ls

The Technocracy h

have sent thei agents to silence her, but time a

ced to do otherwise (airline hostesses are notorious
). If asked

m them into the Otherwurld, where her many for insisting on proper behavior while in their pl

friends and spirit companions hide her from her enemies. questions directly, he asks questions in return. Ifa see

him truly wanting to learn, Painted Horse ignores her uneil she

PAinten Horse ceases to apeal
(ContRARY ENTERTAINER) can grasp the esential truth within chem.

All of the 15 to 2 ent Paradox

Flaws. Because he often les the srt peak through him and x 5

him. Then he speaks nonsense rhymes until she

Painted Horse claims descent from various Plains Indi

19 inishair came about sper

th American tribal folk hidden in the Bess

slaves brought to America, Chinese who worked on the rail,

French sugarplanters

ed Horse.

Canbbean and Irish immigrants fleeing

5
:
,

58 DREAMSPEAKERS


iraculously escapes from one scrape with
with the Nephandi, and a third with

The Technocracy hates him with a pass
psychosis. Thus far, their agents been unable to
sformances, If they close « hall where he is

snow him say that he is much loved

(to sabotage
te walking in human,

scheduled to p
his travel arrangements

at the edge of town,

n, he does a free
his walking out of the

SPENKERS OF THE SACRED TONGUE 59



INSIDE THE

DREAMWHEEL

(DREAMSPEAKER MMACICK)

All medicine arose from one place — the
dreams of the shards left within all people by the
Pure Ones, whom some call the Creative Ances:

ne Tradition was

MF firse, for no Traditions existed when magick came

into the world. Perhaps those who first mastered
Life became the Verbena, but many also beca
H Dreamspeakers, Akashic Beothers and members of
the Celestial Chorus. No one owns medicine any
‘more than one can own the land. Both are given in
trust to Awakened and un-Awakened people alike.

To Dreamspeakers, magick and medicine, while similar, are
not quite the same. Instead, they divide willworking into medicine
and sorcery. Medicine, with its healing and restorative conno«a-
tions, is the true province of the shaman. Sorcery implies the
acquisition of power for its own ends, regardless of the conse:
quences to the sorcerer or his surroundings. The shamans and theie
people have no love forthe sorcerer; even ifshe stand beside them

in battle, her presence makes them uncasy

d Hoop
Living green things. Orbits within orbits, circles within circles, f

four-legged, the
m the

Tue SPHERES

Just as there was no "fest" Tradition, there is
no Sphere mote important than another. Each
belongs to the whole — they cannot be considered
individually without firs. considering thet
group. All are colors within the body of the r
bow serpent.

One figure represents this concepe of no be
ginning and no end: The sacred circle, sometimes
called th
Dreamuheel. The circle isa perfect shape;
all else inside itself. All people, all races, all animals, plants, rocks,
seas and spirits, the wise and the foolish alike, have thei
within the circle. Medicine also has its place within the circle

p and known to many as the ,
hers

lace

Almost all tribal people celebrate and invoke the gods and
spirits from within a sacred circle. Set apart from the world and
this circle is place for raising power. Within that
heres. Incer

circle, other smaller circles exist, which mages call S

INSIDE THGBRREAMWHEEL 61

connected inci
the greater cite

gs oftheir own, the paths of power exist within
AW teem trite
b nine spokes, each leading to the center.

-edge of the wheel, but the center forms

sal
Pari) Sk arr age yee
Spirits Laughter, is called "the Way of

who is seen as an agent of fat
Forces isknown in Africa R

‘name, the Odu, or
remains unchanged.
Correspondence — The Great D
Others speak of Corresponde
Dreamspeakers see it a a function of the|
sare interrelated and all things

the animals the spirits the Umbra and the
cater whole known as the Tellurian.
part t another — and

is never meant to last forever,
ge. Trees rot, animals die, even stones,
wear away in titer Everything has some weakness, some vulner-
ability. Entropy recognizes that decay isnecessary if new things are
toemerge. Only spritsremain eternalaapa so, asal else falls to fate,
they laugh.

Those who live close to the
earth, it fireand water. They b
the sicred pipe, given thet lf
called the essence of the sactpd

Dreamspeakers approach the ements ina natural way, aking the
spirits for help and thanking them for their generosity. Even $0,
medicine workers who understand the ways of nature can call pon
appalling power in need. The Thunderbird does not forget his
friends.

‘most people donot believe that inanimate thingshave souls, many
Dreamspeakers se the thing asthe spiri within i, forgetting that
an equally strong physical side exists. That stabilizing portion of
the inanimate, called "the Heart of the Rock," can be controlled
through this potent medicine. Such Arts are controversial among
the shamans, who often consider them an invasion of an item
sacred essence. Proponents of this Art point out that Inyan-Sha,
the sacred red rock some cal catlinite or pipestone, becomesall the
more sacred when it allows itself ro be carved into medicine pipes.
‘So long as the spirit inside is honored, the form is unimportant.

Mind — The Dream of the Inner Self

intrusion, a young Dreamspeaker
scepter another he. When al other
remains active; a skilful shaman can use that

recognizes that all beings are picces
shards ofthe Pure Ones. These creative forces also
peprints on the world, footprints filled with what
uintessence steel Spee oneal

With Our Brethren

Oni cil he Dempsey
shamans themselves peefer to think that they maintal
totheirinvisiblekin. Through thisaffinity, whichal

Dreamspeaker: glow with a special radiance when they travel in
the Umbra, even mote so than other masters of Spirit do. Perhaps
this glow comes from the purity of their vision, a purity often lost
in modern conceptions of the Arts.
Time — The Change of the Seasons

the seatons av acycle changing again and
forms, but always returning to what
Thcf view time the same way. To the shamans,
[depending on where a person is and what
iid call this a "subjective" versus an "objec
pe. Hold your hand in the fire. How quickly would
it? Some among the medicine folk believe in the
Jess time in which everything that has heen and
ts Pethaps we are there even now, and tis allows
h the entity we perceive ws time.


»

‘= Bones and Animal Parts: Many Dreamspeakers use bones

is ot fetishes. They also use feathers, fur, teeth,

isand other parts of animalsin petition that spirit

how important rin

per ae magi might regard £8 as "pri ly. Some are killed at all; many shamans find an animal
ne would be quick to + put, and give their approval.

icles: The sacred circle, in whatever form it takes, lies at
f many Dreamspeaker workings — particularly those

be, Toa shaman, a ritual 0 more than just a
inside traditional

f mystic aid. As

jects have their own spits,

and illustrious b

« lengthy o¢ communal ritual

attest, a ritual object used with respect and — more than a star it dancing place, w Irawn

with the utmost care
«© Crystals and Other Stones: Though crystals havesecently
gained popularity, th
ved have long been kn

dinary 1
d shaman. It's

help, even if ie isn't

ies and healing pow

cases such items are constructed with the con The might of the Earth rests within' all stonespand many

believed to ens . Small, round

shaman. Alth
shaman chi

the fol as the one Crazy Horse wore behind his eur (which

symbols ofthe

his or hee special protect him from bullets), are seen.

/rse in miniature and often used in ceremonies designed «

computers, books and weapon

modem shamans' rituals. Some Ghost Wheels 4s to that which is beoken.

actually prefer technol the elements a

Elements: Spirit workers sometis
ns focus their rituals through items like
sh of water, the smoke

as they say, are a-changin'
# Act: Pic

wm lit smudge sticks, incense or

provide one basis for "sympathetic" m: f a small beaziet of fir J wood and a stone, of a
greatest heights by the sand paintings of the Di : handful of earth or clay

spirit paintings of the Aborigines and che sy
African shamans

INSIDE THEDREAMWHEEL 63


‘+ Fluid: Dreamspeakers know the power of water to cleanse
and wash away evil influences. Many also use blood in certain
‘ceremonies, especially those who practice Voudoun or other tradi-
tional African and Native American rituals. The blood shed often
‘comes from animals (who have asmall amount flood drawn ftom
them) or from the worker himself. Animal sacrifices (in which the
‘animals are killed) are made for only the most serious undertakings,
2 this affects the animal's sprit as well as its body.

+ Herbs: Certain herbs and plants are considered sacred, and
their properties can be used to promote healing or clear the mind.
Such plants can be eaten, mixed into brews, sprinkled around the
area or burned.

* Language: Dreamspeakersall earn the tue languagecof the
spirits, which they call Odu. This is at once both a difficult"
language to master and the easiest to lear. That is because it
‘consists of things that are spoken directly from the heart, truth-
fally, with no intention to deceive, control or manipulate. An
‘example of such might be, "Hear me, friend Bear, and know that I
hhonor you. Your strength and wisdom are needed t0 aid me in
healing another. Look into my heart and see my promise to you that
in return I will protect those of your children who | encounter
in this life." The lwa respect the shaman who can speak to them in
this manner, often allying themselves to her or favoring her with.
less thoughe for whar they themselves gain out ofthe partnership.
‘They know that they at least gain friendship and respect.

‘The Order of Hermes claims to know the "true" language of
spirits, magickal tongue they call Enochian. Dreamspeakers say t0
them, "This is no true language of communication, but one of
‘command. Be careful lest your controls sip, for you antagonize
many powerful spirits with this playing at ypeech."

* Mind-Altering Substances: Spirit workers utilize drugs in
‘much the same way Cultist of Ecstasy do: as aids to open them-
selves to greater possibilities. Shamans who employ psychoactives
range from the Mexican curanderos (healers), who consume mas-
sive amountsof ery liquor, tothe Native American medicine men
‘who ws peyote in their visionquests, to the African witch doctors
who chew narcotic roots to open their minds to spirit possession.
These drugs aren't ued for kicks; rather, they expand the percep"
tons past normal limits and open the mind into a more receptive
state. Street drugs are considered poisons by the shamans, who
‘often drag users into the Umbra for a quick peek at the spirits
nearby. Few surer cures exist for casual drug use than a hard look at
an Addiction Bane.

‘* Movement and Dance: Movement can be gentle swaying,
gestures, facial expressions, walking, running, a series of steps
defining a particular pattern, or an actual dance. Dancing may
‘consist of spontancous personal dance or a highly stylized and
lengthy traditional affair with appropriate costume, music and
several other participants.

‘* Music and Song: Another powerful focus, music has the
power to change the emotions as few others do. Rhythmic drum-
‘ming, the shaking ofrattes, chanting, humming and singing are all
well-known Dreamspeakers tools. The Celestial Chorus may be-
lieve it knows the song ofthe One, but medicine people know the
songs of the many.

‘* Ordeals: Pain, deprivation and danger are wonderful meth-
cds of focusing the attention on the problem at hand. They also
serve as offerings or sacrifices of the body (which is the only ching


people truly own) so the spirits and God. Ordeals (whether fasting,
sleeplessness or wounding) can also open the mind of the one who
suffers rendering thac individual more fit to receive the wisdom or
the aid of the spirits. Sitting Bull knew this, and carved 50 plugs of
skin from his arms before the Battle of the Little Bighorn.

* Words of Power: Names of things, whether general or
proper names, are powerful tools in medicine workings. Sha-
mans may call upon spirits by name, seeking thei aid, or they
may try to heal sickness by re-naming it as something less
dangerous. Certain words, often nonsense to others, are given
to Dreamspeakers by their totem spirits, or come to them in
visions. These words of power are sung toheighten the efficacy
cof medicine, as they are a sort of soul chant used to attune the
shaman's very essence to her workings.

FAMILIARSAND Totes

‘Animals and Deeamspeakers have a traditionally close
relationship tocach other. Whether those animals are "simple"
‘companions, spit famulirs or totem spirit guides, i's a rare
shaman who goes without any kind of animal nearby. Although
hawks, hortes, snakes, dogs, wolves, cats or owls make common

companions, any animal that fits the Dreamspeaker, her culture 4
and her personality is appropriate 4
Most companions come to the shaman's side through an q

{important episode in her life —un episode that should be played
through as part of the chronicle. They'te not just "cannon
fodder" and should neverbe run assuch by a Dreamspeaker player.
‘Any shaman who treats her companion carelessly will lose i ina
hurry. The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytelle's Guide
contains statistics for u variey of animals, as does the Vampire
Players Guide. A Dreamspeaker can buy unusual animal compan-
ions as Allies although the dificulties of keeping, ay, tiger ina
downtown apartment are the Storytellers province. Details about
familias and theit various abilities can be found in The Book of
Shadows and Ascension's Right Hand.

* Unlike most willworkers, Dreamspeakers can attract the at
tention and favor ofthe totem spirits most shapeshifters revere
(see Werewolf, Axis Mundi and the various Tribebooks). With
the Stortelle's permission, a Dreamspeaker charactet may
‘purchase the Totem Background. Although this relationship is
special — these spirits don't often honor a "mere" human with
their attention — it works in anos every way like the bond
between a Garou and his choyen patron (Werewolf: The
‘Apocalypse, pages 113, 259-264). The exceptions are:

‘Each Dreamepeaker must buy het own Totem Background;

there are no "pack totems" for mages;
+ Dreamspeakers cannot eam Gifts. These static powers are
sof Gaia's chosen, and do not mix with True Magick;
« The Totem's wu! Renown bonus hecomes a bonus to any

Social Dice Poo! used around Garou. Foe every point of any form

of Renown, the mage grins one extra die for her Pool. Ifthe usual

Renown was one Honor and one Wisdom, the Dreamspeaker

‘would gain two additional dice

Totem spirits andl animal companions are connected to

4 Dreamspeaker's spirit in an elemental way. Those ties

should reflect themselves in the characte' personality,

her vision and her name — and names like Gray Falcon,

Spotted Running Wolf or River Rat Smith suggest more sei


than just the animal beside the mage. There might be some future

not send

significance tothe chosen companion, too. The spirits

hy recipien

DREAMAWALKING

speakers also share another important difference from
willworkingkin: They can
cher hur

talent reflect

he Dream Realms in person,

travelers must arrive through astral magicks.

a primal affinity that belongs only to

cers who began their Awakened lives assuch. A Virtual

changes factions cannot leam this ability, and a

Dreamspeaker who joins the Virtual Adepts cannot teach the trick
to his friends. If he suffers a major paradigm change — that is, he
disca ld beliefs in fevor of anew faith —the talent goes away

forever. He has rejected more than just a magickal faction. He has

rejected the Great Dream, and it rejects him, tod
Normally, the Maya Dream Realms lie ina Zone between the

various Umbeal Worlds, material reality and the

explorers can only project their minds, not their bodies, into this

wagh faeries can enter and leave as they will (see

ing). Dreamspeaker shamans (and possi

ly other shamans, at the Storyteller's discretion), however, can
walk into the Maya by stepping sideways with Spirit 3 medici
Finding your way to the Dream Realms usually requires a Wits

66  DREAMSPEXKERS

Enigmas roll, with a difficulty depending on the circumstances.
Once there, the Dreamspeaker is as material as the denizens of the
cold as earthly creacures. See Beyond
the Barriers: The Book of Worlds for details about the Maya

Realms and their inhabitants

THe VISION
A

mspeaker's Awakening always takes the form of a
dream, a vision (like that of Michael Skyhawk) that echoes
throughout
should begin her character during a
Awakening vision; at the least, she should work out with the
vision was, when it was and how it affects her

the rest of his life. Ideally, « Dreamspeaker player

clude which involves her

Storyteller what the

character's life today

alinitsplace. Thementor, the Spheres,

allthesethingsare peripheral compared
2. Without a strong First Dream, a

pcy will dismiss her asa witch. And, political correctness aside,

rituals she knows

the importance of the

tribal soc witchcraft. Inshort, a vision

tial. All other details flow from that event.

eos yey

Miepicine (Rotes)

‘Thedreamisrea, my friends. The fire to make
it work isthe reality.
—Toni Cade Bambara, The Salt Eaters
Many people mistake the form for the thing
itself, the outward trapping for the inner spirit.
avoid this mistake through their
‘medicine. While they honor the old ways and
remember the steps to the sacred dances, they
prefer to create rituals anew each time they ue
them. This doesn't mean that they throw out what
‘works in favor of innovation; medicine people utilize whatever
works in a given situation, but often personalize thet rites, custom
iting them with elements that resonate with the energy of the
‘moment. It does no good for a would-be shaman to ape the words
and gestures of her teacher, the working must come from her, must
be a part of her. Thus, Dreamspeakers rely on only a handfal of
standard roces(orasthey prefer tocall chem, rituals), and alter them
as they see fit.
‘Any and all ofthe Effects presented under the Spirit Sphere
listing in Mage are common tricks of the Dreamspeaker's trade,
regardless of the names they might be given in the book. Addi-

‘One of the first things a Dreamspeaker learns is how to
dampen the bright glow that surrounds him in the spirit world. By
shielding his aura and dimming its power, he can pass among the
spirits without rousing an unusual fuss.

[Mind shields the aura, altering itscolorsif desired. Spirit Arts
"eum down' the power ofthe glow, or shift it into another spiritual
spectrum to disguise the Dreamspeaker's true nature. This has no
‘effect on his "physical" appearance, but makes him less conspicu-

‘404 chan a shaman normaly i on the Umbral paths |

‘Trailblazing (+* Prime, ## Spirit)

By laying down a spirit marker, a Drcamspeaker can leave a
trail behind her in the Umbra. The mark, which often resembles a
significant sign in the shaman's native culture, glows with a cold
shimmer and resists any attempe co remove it. The matk does not
carry into the material world in any way, s0it'seffectively invisible
to non-Umbral travelers.

{The trail lasts for one day per succes; Prime medicine fuels
the glow. When the duration passes, the sign fades. The ritual itself
{stotally coincidental, and confersa countermagickal block onthe
sign to protect it fom tampering]

Dreamery (#* of ##* Correspondence, ** Mind,
#* Spirit)

By conjuring a vision and sending it across great distances, a
Dreamspeaker can call thers for help. Most cries involve disturs~
ing and symbolic dreams, but can be as straightforward as a mental
"HELP" and a location in an emergency. A greater variation
‘contacts several parties at once.

[Correspondence medicine crosses the distance as per the
Range Chart; Mind passes the vision between parties, and Spirit
"addresses" the message with a trace-bond or courier spirit that

leads the target of the ritual back tothe shaman. Although it'sfairly
accurate, the Dreamery vision is acceptable enough to pass as
‘coincidental "psychic phenomena."]

Nightmare Dance (#*°Spirit or *** Mind, often with
'** Correspondence)

‘An old trick from the slavery days allows a Dreamspeaker to
send disturbing dreams against someone with whom she's dis-
pleased. By drumming up a frenzy and calling upon a Nightmare
spirit, the shaman projects a fearsome image into her target's
sleeping mind. Whatever deeam he might conjure turns to blood
and evil when the Nightmare Dance intrudes. While the medicine
{isn't deadly in itself, the lack of sleep can be if t continues...

[Spirit medicine cals forth the spirit of a Night Terror or Kid
Fear (see The Book of Worlds) and asks it for a favoR, which it
‘often performs free of "charge." The Mind variant tapsdirectly into
the subject's mind and lets the Dreamspeaker twist it however she
wants. Without Correspondence, the shaman has to be nearby to
se this ritual; with it, i's helpful to keep a erinket ftom the
victim — a lock of hair, a doll, a shirt, ete: — as a focus for the
dream.

{Each night the shaman performs the Dance successfully costs
thesubjectone point of Willpower. When he reaches 0 Willpower,
the poor guy isa nervous wreck, and may be driven to unusual or
irrational acts Like most dream medicines, these eerie rites are
coincidental}

Healing Slumber (*
se08 Spirit)

By drumming up a trance, the shaman lulls a wounded person
to sleep. During his treatment, spirit allies and the Dreamspeaker
herself caress the patient's wounded body, soul and mind. What-
"ever ills the Art can cure are repaired while the subject sleeps
peacefully, unaware ofthe straining shaman who eases his pain,

{Several variations exist. A simple Life 3/Mind 2/Spirit 2
situal cures the body like normal healing magick, and brings good
dreams and postive spirit energy besides. More advanced medi-
<ines (Life (Mind 4 andior Spirit 4 are necessary to-cure mental
illness, spiritual possession or both. The "acceptability" of this
healing medicine depends on how severe und how obvious the
injuries were and how quickly they were cured]

Spear of My Fathers (##* Matter, #¢* Spirit, #* Prime)

By molding the stuff of the spirit world into solid form, a
shaman can form weapons, tools, barriers or other weful things.
‘Although che name given refers to a weapon pasted down through,
‘generations, variations can create anything the Dreamspeaker has
the time and skill to construct.

[See Mage, pages 187 and 217, forthe particulars ofthe spirit-
to-matter transmutation. Forming simple objects is easy a single
Arete roll at difficulty 6 handles anything spear-sized or smaller
with no moving or complex parts. Larger or more complicated
objects requite extended rolls and possibly the mortal skills (Re-
pair, Technology etc.) that it would take to build the item in "real
life." Like othet Umbral medicines, this ritual is coincidental, and
it lasts for the usual duration of a spell.)

Life, © Mind,


Awtuors' Notes

‘Shamans are real. While it sfine to play one ina game, donot
presume that reading this work enables you to call yourself a
shaman. Their road is long, anluous and extremely dangerous, and
certainly not to be undertaken lightly. Pretending to spiritual
awakening you do not have is both insulting and foolish. Near-
death experiences are nothing to fool around with. If you feel

feelings.
— Jackie Cassada & Nicky Rea

Sacreo Worps
(Recommended

Many collections of folk
‘ean, MesorAmerican, African,
provide a wealth of material (
which Dreamspeakers come. I
religion sections of most lib

‘cousin to Crazy Ho
Bighorn, An excellent

‘occasions with spiritual
* Crying for a D
trated, this book looks af
Americans, focusing
those practiced by the #
* Dreamtime and!
Holger Kalweit. Drawi
Aleures, thisportraysth

‘extensive study of Hawal
religious practices.

* Introduction to Afrig
debunks the idea that Africa
‘ng the traditions of many Af
(Creator-god central to African religioU®

‘+ The Native Americans: An Illustrated
Publishing. A great general view of American
‘must-read for anyone intrigued by Native A\
cultures. A related videotape series is also available.

* Pre-Columbian Religions (Holt History of Religion Se-
ries), by Walter Krickeberg, et al. This scholarly, somewhat dry
‘overview of the religions and cultures that existed before the
arrival of the Europeans provides a great deal of "factual" (i.e,
archacological and anthropological) information, though a dis-
tinct cultural bias permeates the work.

‘+ Red Earth, White Lies: Native Americans and the Myth
‘of Scientific Fact, by Vine Deloria, Jr. The author of Custer Died

preconceptions about such topics as the
‘and the evolution of the Earth and its
sing, it'sa tonic for those who take theit

3s presents a derailed and re--
| world view. Ithasatitsheart

