# File: Elysium.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Introduction

Chapter One: Power Structures
Chapter Two: The Status Quo
Chapter Three: Tools of Control
Chapter Four: Elder Characters

Appendix: Gehenna Cults

13

25

39

57

73


- and asthe nights stretch oninta weeks andthe weeks.to years and the years to
decades and the decades ta centuries, « bit of the saul steals aver me
Bitterness ao Yast and moving atso glacial apace that J cannat edervace

the glacier's monstrous wake, where thas Roflawed aut myance indomitable spirit.

Only inmomentsof contemplation upon my future can S aeethe-rem "i fragments

aftheshimmering jewel thatwasoncemy soul. Jacethe little humanity lefUtome, and
adaittheday whenittoo shall begraunddowrby the millstone af the passage oftime

Ididnatrequestthis Sxiatence Never-Ending. J knowtofnanewhardid, savethe
ark fovanexistence thal makes amockery of allS ance loredand all S once dreamed
inevitability. J did not ask to see the tides of lime wash away even the greatest
accomplishments af my day. J didnotask toscemy world plunged into the furnace of.
Withpeoplesostrangeanddevicessooddand custamssaqueerI muatforererstuggle
Born. J cannot yo to my ald Raunts, seemy old comrades and woo my old loves. Shey
arena more. J cannot rore aver the cor ide for days and nevrersee anothersoul.
Ididnovask forall tRias and yet, herwitis. I did notaak fovan eternity of enlarging
de d contracting joy: And here I am, a pussled oll, tired of, empty ofd man,
Wondering Where his World went, where his fares went, where his fife went
seemacant. She Rope-and seal that blazed in my youth arecol ash in my ag
now fearvtheir flame J am locked ina constricted role, in which I hare fi
SoF actaaI deem fit, within the confines of my station, knowing ferd af my enemies
and critics Wouldorcoulddo differently inmy stead. Und yet With each newact, with

new punishment ofananarch, with each new repelling of Dabbat incursion, with
cack new predation anmartalsocielyand vite, Idiebyaniota Butallothevoptions
— the compromise of the Camarilla, the breach of the Masquerade — are
inditations to chaos. She only other choice is death by degrees, death from a life I
neither Want now want to lose.

Gls myaged blood curdles, leas-and feasatins itte passion. J could administermy
froludings as: dispassionately as an automaton. (here once the minutest perceived
slight would inflame my passions, now only the gravest assault stirs a reaction; J


pride, but seldom purcangerarevinjusticesdane. Sho

therarages of the Curse-af Cai cLeanlipa

clotted bloo arte whenconfranted byadirectchallen

Rey ie Roldinga donot a noroke me thes way a sgaplamply

kooks xp tac ements: must be made. Bat should a onl arel tion ny ordes

afte etrst ie oft my Rihes Ga ‘ould J tRoroug gh

a manne that doesnot create a cycle Taneiie nepria

glory before the court, then and only then da-I know rapture "iftis abin tothe

th he first F knew the igaerent off exhapa.

, I3

court, in the halls o yoium, and an ‘the ohreels of tke savor them wih «
pewersily known only to the powerful and the damned.

Fam lonely, but I am mighty,
myonce~perfecthuman body, th woof dead flesh, thi

Hf Rat requires that é ote vo fateful, k ail
court, sorb its Sf that ea

Seameat or ourcefubanarch eit & * ps ee
tRein bo able. ould theynot abe surprised an ind absinthe ey

Single Me | a Hla me tith a gaetiy terror, the ypsisings of which
admit it tomy tin ipl of day— the light that all my Hind Th Sy
soem na anger, you pt ea remeif I donot cone

in your fin moments of widhilatakla agony, ‘Rat J
— Redondo de Varques,

Childe of Johag ibn Ibrahim,

Srande Rilde of Jontins,
Grandchilde of Crikel,
Groat -Grandchilde of &

Great-Groat-Great -Grandchilde of Caine


fitititiidd

TTT

Introduction ~

Power isthe great aphrodisiac

Henry

Elysium: The Elder W
rarefied air inhabited:

8 brings you into the clo

nly by the elders of the Camarilla. The

secrets of these mysterious, frightening, volatile creatures are

elder
storytelling. Playing an elder
of the World of Darkness and a good deal ofp

the rewards are great

is far more challenging than

paration, but
The might of the
‘vampires is in your hands

How to Use this
Book

This b

tellers. Iepenetrates the ck

most powerful

*ok is designed for use by both players and Story

tered ch

softhe eldersand

provides useful hooks for fleshing out those

hharacters and
making them more menaci

Creating conflicts berwe

elders gives the players more to d os them

points of connection to the world. The rules given here will
also make it easier to keep track of the details in administrat

ing an elder's holdings.

Imagery

Elders embody massive contradictions, Though they are

among the oldest sentient creatures on the planet, they often
look younger than the anarchs they fight, sometimes

no older than children. The me

appearing
al world, in which old mer
nits head. This

hold the bulk of temporal power, gets tured

CCaitiff or anarchs are called before « prince who appears 20-

something but is actually 400 years old, Some elders look

and wizened, but they are an exception,

Thaw paar neta

wn under the great weight of years and thickening t

re lowness of

ment and speech and a dullness of eye
mind creates an aura of age in the body of the youth.

Theme

ders seek to pervert that equation. Since they seldom step

do

n and cannot lose power through a natural death, they

and as an undying obstruction to the ascent of new genera:

tions. To continue their unholy grasp on the levers of control,

they must eternally frustrate the ambitions of theit progeny

TTtftrt

TTrtftiotft

Introduction 9


Kindred elders hold onto power for powers sake, even
when their communities begin to decay as a result. This
reflects the very worst in human political systems, which are
often loath to allow new generations a place at the table.
Whenever an entrenched ruling class uses its influence to
cling to power, political rot sets in.

For example, the autocratic regime of the People's Re-
public of China is composed exclusively of aged men who
‘thwart any attempts at power-sharing with new generations
of leaders. This gerontocracy has little connection to the
needsof the nation. They resist much-needed reforms and are
reduced to keeping order by slaughtering dissenters. [tis an

sson for Storytellers, since the Beijing regime is
ple of the paranoia, isolation, arrogance and
desperation that mark vampite elders
n democracies are not immune to fears of passing
hority to a new generation. Politicians who came of age
during World War Il kept a lock on the U.S. presidency for
an unprecedented two generations because
loath to allow y
from World Wa
created a tilt toward

that were remote from those they governed.

A society that doesnot routinely refresh its leadership is
aasociety doomed to stagnation and repression. This is made
especially clear in the vampire Elysium.

Worse than political decay is the inner damage done
when the old withhold the birthright of the young. Parents
ing often subvert the attempts of their
children to fly free, poisoning the love and trust between,
generations. The young become either weak-willed or wildly
rebellious, while reducing the elders to stingy, fearful wrecks,
prisoners of the very power to which they desperately cling

Human parents have an overwhelming impulse to give
their lives for their children. Many act without hesitation,
Joning caution and self-protection to protect
young atthe first sign of danger. But elder Kindted are very
different. The selfless, sing love of a mortal
parent for a child is lost on the immortal vampites. Like
congressmen assured of reelection, they paradoxically be-
Come more cautious, not more courageous. Elders take fewer
chances, and not many would risk their immortal necks to
save the skin of their progeny

When the flow of life and love ceases to move forward
through timeand through generations, decay etsin. The elders
are rotting in their own accumulated power, but ate terrified of
letting go or doing anything else, They suffer from
overaccumulation. The ancillae suffer from lack. And soit goes.

By pouring vast amounts of energy into its internecine
struggle, the vampiric family has little letforthe larger battle
against outside enemies. To break this soul-decaying dead-
Iders attempt to betray their ambitious young before
the youngcan topple them through betrayal. Treachery isthe
tragic condition of the Kindred community, and anarchs
only see it getting worse

who fear their 0

Elysium: The Elder Wars

Mood

‘The mood in the elegant marble halls of Elysium is
dignified desperation and stifled paranoia. The elders have had
centuries tomaster the artof insincerity, and they have reached
levels of perfection rarely glimpsed among mortals. They
‘smiling on the outside, but inside they are scr ing, a
Elysium reverberates with the piercing, silent echoes. The
elders have compromised theirown integrity tosuchaprofound
degree that many of them have lost their inner stability and
have fragmented their sense of self. This profound disconnec-
tion from the core of existence is a painful experience for
sentient beings. Dangerously unbalanced, the elders lash out
froma lonely anger only briefly seen by the rest of us inour most
desperate moments. When confronted by their own contradic:
tions and transgressions, their frst impulse isto destroy

References

Anything by George Bemard Shaw (Man and Superman,
‘The Deuit's Disciple, Major Barbara), gortiog by Vole
e di

Lear), classics like'
Wall Sereet to Scenes from the Class Struggle in Beverly Hills.

Mood Music

Music has great power to stir the emotions during a
game. It can add excitement, tension and a real sense of
creeping dread. Irishard to use other att forms to convey age
and mood in a game, music works wonders, The elitist
elders keep Elysium stocked with great art of the centuries,
which they hold with a miser's grasp, se
than enjoy it. Thus, haunting melodies often sound through
the halls, played by Dominated mortal musicians. If you do
not currently use music, experiment with adding it to the
background for

Elders are partial to music that neonates consider stuffy,
pompousand old, Operas and symphonies by Handel, Wagner
and Elgar predominate, though Mc ind Bach arealso well
represented. Try Orf's Carmina Burana for wild power and
grandeur. Moody, mysterious themes by Debussy, Ravel,
Mussorgsky and Mahler play when the elders are feeling
and self-pitying. Try Samuel Barber's Adagio for Strings.
Storytellerscan play almost any classical music to seta mood,
but these examples will yield spe: Is

Many elders are romantics at heart, superstitious refu-
gees from Byronic era who are forced to live inan ageof cold
science. As a result, many tum to exqu tif
passionate music for comfort and solace. It should come a
shock to enter the inner sanctum a venomous, corrupt old
vampire and hear the haunting music of Beethoven or
Brahms. Syrupy tunes like Rachmaninoft's Rhapsody on a
‘Theme by Paganini or Pachelbel's "Canon" will soundunnerv
ing in a Ventrue boardroom and frightening in a Nosferatu
sewer. The only music toavoidisselections that are light

ngto possess r


and sprightly in nature, Only Malkavians and some Tore

are attracted to such styles.

he lightness of being that is

elders. For example, a certain elder may always
Hall of the Mountain King" playi
ters visit. Once the players have li

Manyeldersonly enjoy musicthat was popular duringtheit

elder's birth era, Western

dest vampires may prefer Asian ot Indian

in during the early Christian era and the Middle

These have become very popular recen
to find. They instantly create an eerie
Minstrel ballads can also give the impression of antiquity.

Elders bom in Europe between 1450 and 1600 fav

tants may favor Luther's che

Aapi| Sti

"|

era, try Handel, Monteverdi, harpsichord music by Scarlatti

and anything by the Baroque master, Back

from between 1750 and 1820 will favor Classical n

Haydn and Mozart, as well as Beethoven's early works. Many

the vampires born in the Romantic era of

‘unabashed intheitl
Mendelssohn, Ct

-explosion¢

nusiccreatedby Brahms,
ist, Wagner, Verdi and Beethoven. This

isthe la musical period in which true elders were born. Most bor.
after that time are Pretenders (see Chapter Four) who deliberately

Some elders make a point of changing with the times

Brujah are intent on staying not only current in con

tastes, but ahead of the curve. They will always try to play

music that is cacoph
uth.

wever, many of them als

atonal compesiti

which caused riots during its pren

uishable from much

utionary music ofearliereras. A B
rein the early 20th century may
Schoenbeng or Stravinsky's

Gangrel often disdain "snob" music, and prefer more

rustic melodies played on acoustic instruments, or

blues. Tremere like c thnical precision and embra

play old favorite

sea chanteys, often at the same ti

om a a

TT cleat

Introduction

is) musical tastes are at best
is Their elders are likely to
by Frank Zappa, high-speed Schubert and


—T TTT TT

Chapter One:

Power

~*~

Structures

urse instead 0

Sigmund Freud, Collected Works

Though elders are a jaded, world-weary lot, they are
impressed by one thing: the unholy power that courses
through their aged veins. They are always mindful ofthe fact
that if the laws that hold together the fragile truce of the

Camarilla were to shatter, ?

that could destroy them all

The Deadly Game

Power, like a desc

uches; and obedience
ruth,
Makes slaves of men, and of the human frame
A mechani maton,

Perey Bysshe Shelley, Queen Mab

This vision of "mutually assured destructior
elders and drives them to find solutions to their problems
king

That often reduces violence. However, they are not

for answers that are violence-ftee s
Direct attacks usually breed direct responses, 0 elders plot

scheme and maneuver within the restrictive framework of

the Masquerade. They focus on thwarting plansand crushing
pawns while always maintaining a thin crust of civility over

This gives the impression that elders are absorbed with

playing capricious games. And in many ways, they are. But

ly serious, and have lethal consequences.
Many younger Kindred, who bear their brunt, believe that
the elders extract perverse enjoyment from their suffering

and from the suffering of humans, And there is truth in this

as well. But it isa simplistic explanation of a complex and
frightfully misunderstood problem

The real explanation is a combination of sadism, fear
and political survival

Sadism: Relishing Suffering

Tobe an elderis to be strapped onto a roller co

never stops and continues to accelerate for all eternity. The
Looking long on the exuberance of life brings only a precipi:
tous slide into regret and dangerous self-pity
peculiar combination

Through a
f bitter ennui and unde

elders detach from the world by imperceptible degrees.

The biological world has a built-in, organic connection
to itself that manifests in higher creatures as empathy. The

undead lack this conne:

tion, and must rely on intellectual

sympathy to make compassionate connections. Inflicting

suffering stirs the aged blood of elders only because they have

Chapter One: Power Structures


in self-defense, grown detached from the reality of the pain
felt by others. They care less, trust less and allow less of the
world to be important to them. This is the beginning of the
end of their Humanity, and an invitation to the Beast

Fear: Clinging to the Status Quo

This detachment also creates

nings for younger
vampires to take over from elders who become less inter

mbitious ancillee try to tum
stewardship chores into leadership powers. The elders see
this and fear their
not wish to take

ested in everyday affairs. /

own growing irrelevancy, but usually do
he work that would put them back in a

position of direct, day-to-day importance. That would re
Quite re-engagement with the living world and its painful
memories. Instead, they resort to the polities of personal

destruction,

If a young, energetic Kindred embarks on a plan to
reform the stale, perverse, claustrophobic, incestuous world
of vampiric society, the elders conspire to bring him down.
They use any and all weaponry at their disposal, and even
violate their most sacred laws in the fight, so invested in the
sick status quo they have preserved for centuries. They
ridicule much-needed reforms in their early stages, secretly
maneuver against them in advanced stages and openly
‘oppose them in therare case when they start succeed. And

this, too, is an opening for the Beast

Political Survival:
How the Dead Live On

Elders fight change because it reveals their irrelevancy

is not loss of unlife (though that also consumes them) but

loss of power. Once elders have tasted true control over

Kindred and kine, few can bring themselves to willingly give
up even asmall amount. Ic is very difficult for them to pass

power on to their young and let them act freely. Instead, the

elders try to hang on for all of their immortal years. As a
result, the younger vampires are caught in a deadly vise

unable to move up and forbidden to move out

The bitter irony is that many would prefer to rid them:

selves of the difficult chores and conflicts that come with

power, but they are addicted to the tremendous status it
confers. The

solute deference of peers and the powerless
alike isa darkly seductive force that cannot be fully appeeci
ated by one who has not felt it. Acca

obedience are more import

than immortality to the un:

loved. These are pathetic, artificial substitutes for love, but in

the joyless halls of Elysium, they are all most elders have

Though not all elders are aware of their addiction to the

perquisites of power, they are all acutely conscious of the

humiliation that accompanies a loss of it. The more power an

elder accumulates, the farther the fall and the more enemies

who wish to see it. So this power becomes a prison. Elders

mustacquire more to preserve theirstation, leading to greater
resistance from the young and perpetuating the cycle

|
4 Elysium: The Elder Wars

Elder Relations to
Childer


ee ee

T
¢
"

The Five Pillars.
‘cn oy ous om OF Power.

seis ite Sound pied and
‘eliable Resources needs to ‘ci
fase~ a capricious master. Yet
prenak Seal fue he maust-be kept pen must hot always withhold
Pri Pa their reward when such increase is truly
progeny who serve their-elders  geserved, for Impoverished Childer
with. distinction must bes often with nothing to lose and nothi
rewarded. Often, but=not aways. +5 gain are more dangerous stil
The Superior Elder is unpredictable — thon, Spoilt Childer- scorned.
in his affection™and fickle it his But by withholding rewardd
newer es Ever minsifts.of the betimes, and bestowing rewards
to dole. out. prizes) Only intermit-\Sp times: the elder keeps his Childer
= progeny never fed he - ty reinsAs with his steed, the giving
5 fC lard is the sweet
serves the rewordee Te tnd the Rider's Orchard. and the
eon of the elder's __With of the reward is the

Great Beneficence. Thus the Childe Sting of th ye. Lash, ‘of Control. The
is sufficiently grateful. pao ee

But give away rewards too Childe is po rer
often, and the wretches, in. their Jong as the Apple is gi
ingratitude, come to~« Cte che will ‘spend. her
wards. These Spoilt C believe

constant. contemplation. of ~
that rewards are earned and not manner and actions most pleasing

bestowed. They grow to control
the aides through tI actions: if to henaiposter:

they always know.what*to expect: Bier ed The chine thie orerente
because the elder always rewards Elder fies the h ofthe Superior
them evenly, they can conspire to Path off

build their own empire. "gain = Eder. It is the most difficult poth,
courage to. plot ond sche rag lagen seis has ie a
against their fellows, becduse 4 Hargis jou" of
can rely on their elder's re: > Generou iS joy -

unrestrained flattery. Of ‘these two,
Ang thes Jet-.an elder You to patteny-ts the more seductive.
provide the expected Teward;. the ie ‘or 8 Beeld
SpoiltChilde throws a tantrum-He The Superior Elder must be aloof
*is hurt,.angered, and betrayed, '© the flattery of his Childe. The
and wilicstrie, bock accordingly. _ unctuous praise of a Childe who has
A Chilkder who justly ~feels _just partaken of a rich reward is-a

i tive brew. The taste of it has
wronged is a far more dangerotis
creature thon ofes who must  $¢&t heads of many elders afloat.

always seek to-find new ways to Bowne: & head that is a head

wy


Rivalry

A Childe is a restless, ambitious.
energetic creature. If his drives are
not channeled by thee, they will be
channeled against thee. Harry him.

The Superior Elder does not
wait for his Childe to eye his
station enviously, but sets her to
eye the station of her brethren. If
thy favorite offend thee, reverse
her station. Favor a junior for a
time. The senior will seek to please
thee, to return to your graces. If
she has struck a secret blow
against thee, she will fear thou
know of it, and be chastened. The
junior will seek to preserve his
good fortune, and continue to
please thee.

The senior will despise the junior,
and seek to bring him fou, While the
junior works io cone his

"as thou fore atheny bia murder
or bringing to tl or thy
holdings, their rivalry will divert them
from choosing thee as a target. and
blunt their daggers. It will consume
their energies and burn their surplus
resources.

Be mindful of preventing this in
time of Jyhad. Indulge their rivalry
during peace and smite one who
commits an Act of Feuding in war.

Danger
The truly ambitious Childe, who
carefully conserves the rewards
doled out, and squanders them not
in Rivalry with his siblings, or
worse, makes peace with them, is
always a danger. No matter that
pe enti him to be the noe
of all Caine's progeny. He is
he greatest of threat ats. "wound
mm.

o en Oa ee

Place him in the way of danger.
Send him into the haven of the
enemy. Send him to spy in the Jair
of the Lupines. The energies he is
not ex, fing in inner rivalries will
be consumed in his new assign-
ment. If he wins, his tasks grow in
risk. If he fails, he cannot bring
thee low.

This Childe is a chess piece of
rare Re ecoony Do not conserve
him for fear of losing a valuable
knight. If he is taken from the
Booch thou are safer, not less
safe.

Blood Bond
A Childe who survives grave
is the greatest of all threats.
He is clever enough to flourish with
icious and intermittent reward.

with his brethren. He is strong
enough to survive the enemy. He is
greater than thee. Smite him.

Toke his will from him. Bit i
oe iad be l,

are the anger of ofl
who rightly fear an arm
cont Childer. When the
arises ensure, in full wrath born
jealousy, that he never use
greatness against thee.
Death

If the Childe resists the bonds
of blood, there is but one path
open to thee. Destroy her.

If thou destroy her not, out of
foolish pity or foolish pride, she will
destroy thee. And if thou cannot
destroy her, she deserves r
blood. Surrender it, and yield to
the new Superior Elder.

ae
ae

FQ

fititds
Elder Relations to
Other Groups

The best Party is but a kind of Conspiracy against the rest of
the Nation

— Lord Halifax, Political Thoughts and Reflections

Eldersare alwayson strained relations with other groups

inside the Camarilla and out. They work against their own
as often as they work against non-Kindred. This is an

explanation of thos lex relationships.

Neonates
mn the chi: fr if thou beatest
ie. Thou shale beat him withthe

and shalt deliver
King James Bib

The elders b

le, Proverbs
dc
neonates, since they must work through the sires to affect

B14

ol over the great pool of

them, but they have a deep interest in all chikler. As more

and more new vampires become anarchs, or break their ties

aand join the Sabbat, elders fear

ir centuries-old society. Without afresh supply of
humble yo

ng oact as foot soldiers in the endless

foes directly, After
centuries of indirect conflict, open warfare is not an attrac

Jyhad, the elders will have to face th

Some elders want to change the laws, allowing the
creation of many new childer. They see strength of numbers
as their only salvation. Cooler heads point out that as long.

as childer go over to the anarchs and Sabbat in increasing

numbers, creating more vampires will make the enemy
Most
relieve the yo

f neonates. They
id be disciplined harshly and instilled
with fear of anarchic violence and revulsion for Sabbat

elders agree on the

practices. This approach cuts across clan lines, and finds as
nany adherents in Gangrel wastelands as Ventrue board

A prominent minority of

8 reject this position,
believing that strict control will only give progeny more
cause to rebel. They

Most Malkavians and

ocate improved treatment of neo:

losferatu do not directly support

the majority

ition, though other elders point to the

frightening torments these clans sometimes inflict on their

young as evidence of agreement. The Tremere refuse to

accept any "childe-rearing" decrees from the Camarilla.

«their rigid hierarchical structure prevents

Other clans insist that reality

rrrrtst th


Sititititii

Ancillae
Ifaman have a stubborn and rebellious som, which will not
obey the voice of his father, or the voice of his mother, and that,
when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them:

Then shall his father andl mother lay hold on him, and bring him
out unto the elders ofis city, and unto the gate ofis place, and
they shal say unto th elders of his city, This our sonis stubborn
and rebellious, he will no obey our voice; he isa glutton, anda
drunkard. And ll he men ofhis iy shall stone him with tones,
that he di

King James Bible, Deu
As the rank and file of the Camarilla, ancillae wield

ronomy 21:18-21

little power individually but more than they know when
they act in concert, Clan rivalries, petty j

lousies and
personal tensions make any sort of ancilla organi

tion
difficult and unity very unlikely. Nevertheless, the elders
intensely fear any steps in that direction with a passion,

heir own sires through secret
nd they obsessively watch for

since most came to power over
pacts with other ancill:

similarsignsin their own progeny. Some elders have ordered
their powerful progeny into battles a

ainst one another just
to promote mut

al hatred and head off any possible alliances
Overall, the ancill nd reasonably straight
forward. Their minimal participation in the spoils of the

are lo}

Kindred world and hopes of future increase keep them.

tocing a very narrow line. They know their conduct will

determine their reward, and those who elect not ro rebel are
eager to please their fickle masters. However, controlling

the ancillae through reward is a double-edged sword. The

better the an ancilla becomes at pleasing his masters, the

more rewards he gets. The more rewards he gets, the more

powerful he grows. As an ancilla learns to play the Elysium,
game created by his sites, he becomes an ever-greater threat
to individual elders

The elders therefore make advancement within the
ranks of the Camarilla torturously difficult and slow. But this

builds friction, and many ancillae smolder with resentment.
To prevent the situation from flaring up, some elders a

in favor of increasing every ancilla's' share of C

assets. They propose an end, or at least a decrease, in the
rampant hoarding of vast resources. This is not a popular

notion, but it gains support as the anarchs and the Sabbat

attract more mem

Anarchs
snow; though they be red like crimson, they shall be as wool. If
ye be willingand obedient, ye shall eat well of he good of the land:
But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured.
King James Bible, Isaiah 1: 18 - 20

To the anarchs, the elders' vise-like grip on power is a
‘monstrous perversion of the natural order, and they conduct
a running guerrilla. This has cost both camps dearly but has
not shaken the elders control. Still, fear ofanarch incursions

has caused them to tighten their grasp and resort to abuses

Power Structures


biititiitil

that they once rejected. This could hand the anarchs the
y that has eluded their tacticians: in cracking down
with excessive force, the ¢
minds of all Kin

ers risk losing the hearts and
except the most tightly Blood Bound.

The tactic that works best against the anarchs is
J propaganda. When the elders m:

them
selves out to be victims of anarch savagery, they gain an odd
measure of sympathy within the Camarilla. Blaming Sabbat
mnanarchsalso weakens the appeal ofthe rebellious Kindred.

dem

explained World of Darkness atrocities

Surprisingly, the elders often reserve a greater personal
hatred for anarchs than forthe truly dangerous foes like the
Sabbat

his is because the elders see the Sabbat as an enemy

whe

ind proceed with straightfa

ard, open war
fare. They have no conflicting feelings about the servitors of
the Black Hand. But the anarchs are

trayed. Some progressive thinkers

want the anarchs back in the Camarilla camp and have toyed

y plans and even limited power sharing, though
these ideas are continually shouted down in conclave. With

bat advances, however, even some of the more ancient

ginning to consider the unthinkable: détente

The Sabbat

Thou shalt smite ev

¥ male thereof with the edge of the

the women, he cattle, and all

lt thow take w
20: 13-14

is rampant within the halls of
he Black Hand and the losses
nally galling. The Sabbat's great

King James Bible, Deuteronomy
Hatred fo
Elysium. The

eC laare et

success in breaking Blood Bonds has cost the elders support

the Camarilla. When the
take over whole cities, these

excruciating humiliation: to them, the resulting loss
face is nothing les than a symbolic stake in the heart. They

ng their resources into wave after wave of combat

with the Sabbat. This lack of planning has cost the Camarilla

these mistakes:

dearly. The Sabbat have capitalized

were they better organized, they could have made even greater

1 Camarilla territory

Many Justicars try to take this wild overreaction into
account when planning strikes against the Sabbat. They

jeviate too far. They take great risks incountermand.


‘The Camarilla wants each "stolen" city back and will

nothearargumentsin favor of compromise or truce with their

implacable foe. However, some elders have secretly begun to
sive up hope that they can stop the rising tide of Sabbat
strength and believe that the Camarilla will end in the
coming century. Though this prediction may simply be the
result of an elder's morbidly obsessive imagination, more
signs of its truth appear all the time.

Lupines
For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous
wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
— King James Bible, Acts: 20:29
Elders have
vampires by insisti

ined significant control over younger
gthatthe Lupinesarea grave threat toall
id that only strong leadership can keep the
werewolves from overrunning them. This is an easy case to
make, since Lupine-Kindred warfare has raged for centuries.

In truth, the werewolves often adopt a live-and-let-live
attitude towards vampires who successfully maintain their

ity. But since many elders fear that age will inevitably
Hi ay they have reason tofea

1e werewolves
ct risk, they are more
be to Lupine claws than the closeted elder. This
added incentive for elders to instill fear of the Lupines in thei

charges and claim special powers in fighting the
shapechangers.

the elders have little defense against the
greatest Lupine weapon: the spirit world. Vampires do not
understand this potent resource, and many are comp!
unaware of it, But it fi

ely
thtens the elders who have been
with which Garou move into and out of
physical reality. They like to keep
who enter th

studying the

ties, and exploit divisions within werewolf
society wherever possible. Knowledge is strength, and some

Mages
Thow shalt not suffer a witch to lve
— King James Bible, Exodus 22:18
Elders are very wary of the perplexingly modern mages
and their often invisible presence in Camarilla cities. Elders
comprehend Thaumaturgy and trafficking with spirits, but
Ascension and Spheres of m

gick are as alien to them as a
ine toa medieval king.
what they do not understand and would very

They
much like to see

undertaking, since mages have obliterated even old and

ges destroyed. This isa very dangerous

powerful Cainites, so elders usually opt to maintain a healthy
distance. They keep close tabs on mage activities and make
deals where they can. As long as the practitioners of magick
steer clear ofan elder'sinterests and pay proper deference, she
iscontent to avoid open warfare. But when she finds a mage's
throat beneath her heel, she is likely to swiftly crush it.

Chapter One: Power Structures

The Inconn

With th
standing. With

understar

weakeneththe

of the myster
unlikel
Whenth
affairs of the
with trepida

go in pers

Often In
and stability
other time

neutrality on

Mostelders know a way to contact the Inconnu, but few
ce. Still, some are drawn to the hidden wisdom
ny of the Antediluvians. They seek out the

f the Inconnu against the will of their cla

ccheter at great length during Conclaves about the

angers that follow such a visit. They claim that

iconda is a trap to ensnare idealistic Kindred who foo!

reyond vampirism and is

ations. B ticated form of the Blood


Some virulent attacks on the Inconnu hold that the
Methuselahs are thoroughly corrupted by demons and crea.
tures from beyond the veil of death. Vampirism may be a
great burden, they opine, but the curse of the demon kin is
far, far worse

Vampire Hunters

They hunt our steps, that w

nd is near, our days are fulfilled; for our e

persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued
us upon the moun

ins, they aid wait for usin the wilderness
ns, 418-19

Elders bear a long-standing grudge against the vampire

King James Bible, Lamentat

hunters. They eternally pick at the scabs of wounds inflicted
Some elders who yet remember the time when they ruled
over a frightened humanity resent the Masquerade and the
swelling human population that made it necessary
Forbidden by the Masquerade to punish unsuspecting
only human targets available to them: the hunters. When
they have turned the tables and cornered their pursuers
elders take singular delight i

inflicting as much suffering as
their captives can endure (or as much as the elders' dirmir

ishing Humanity can stand).

NEKOLAI (777

eve that they have won the fight
and the

nly humans who still seek

rest of the mortal

me prudently point to the growing ranks of

ant to take the fight right
head while the body slum:

ivertently lead these hunters straight to the
um. Time, the n, is on the side of the
immortals, not th J ranks of humans. The longer
short-lived mortals take to cam plans, the less
But the vengeance-seckers insist that time only gives

the hunters tin like magick. Elysium is

filled with

vapor ¢ and give access to the

aven through any tec

these tales are laughed off

other human:


Chapter Two: ~

The Status Quo

The world of the elders is a dark and dismal place, w

suspicion, betrayal and fear around every comer.

jounger vampires envy them, many elde 1

find their perch
more thankless and thei world

us the more power they gain. Defendin

position looks easy from the
ing change, itis. But itis seldc

elders know this, and curse their youn

Doon Lame The
Pathology of the
Elder Psyche

By Anna Magdelena, one-time
Nosferatu Justicar
The man who never alters his opinion is like stand-
ter, and breeds reptiles of the mind.
The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
We elders suffer a sleeping sickness of the soul.
Our minds, wh

n from centuries of
ection, are in truth ps

fully flaccid. Mental decay has set in, fragmenting our

psyches. We cannot reason as well as te
university student, and our vaunted intellectual pow
ers are a whisper of what they once were. This

accounts for much of our policy-making for the last
few thousand years.

This wasting disease is far more than the lassi-
tude of the ages, I fear
by mere boredom.
such

and cannot be accounted for
The few times we ai

ings of our faculties, we blame this conven-
tional scapegoat. No, I fear that our powerful crisis of
the soul comes from one source: the lack of small
crises of the soul. I call this syndrome Afflotoxis,

Afflotoxis

Mortals evidence this same wasting away of the

spirit. They too, show a marked tendency to cultivate
closed minds and hermetically sealed souls. But they
are betrayed by their own very livin
as they believe they have come to understand all there

is to understand, their mortal existence proves them
very wrong. A loved one dies, they fall in love, they
marry, they fall outoflove, they dive
again, they lose their employment, they gain a new
position, they develop an illness, they nea


heal. Allthe vexations of mortal life allow, nay, demand
a ane in thought, attitude and belief. In short, an
flood or fire the inner

and forces the mortal to rebuild it in a new pattern.

We Kindred are so relieved to be free of the "thou-

sand natural shocks the flesh is heir to" that we cannot
see the inestimable value in them. Painful as
process is, it keeps mortals fresh and vibrant in mind
and spirit. But we are beyond such concerns. We
sometimes do suffer the deaths of those we rely upon,
but what Kindred can say he loves

preserve their existence, Kindred do not "live." This
self-defeating circle paralyzes us, and limits risk-takers
among us to the young Kindred: the ones with nothing
to lose. As a result, anarchs make great gains, and the
Sabbat takes our cities. They are willing to lose immor-
tality to make change. And that courage is rewarded
more than itis punished. Elders are notoriously easy to
manipulate along these lines by those who know how.
‘The anarchs do this every day when they tweak our
noses without fear of reprisal.

We do not love as we once loved as mortals, though I
pity those who never did lovein life before the Embrace.
‘The pain of having loved and lost the capacity for love
is painful, but to never have known love before losing
the capacity for it? Ah, now that is true desolation.
When those we care about leave us, we seldom feel
any deep, inner loss. We feel anger over a setback, or
exasperation over having to find another source for
their services. But grief for the deceased? We reserve

; this is not unique among
vampires. It is found in mortal politicians as well.
‘Those insured of reelection (political immortals) be-
come less daring, less willing to take on big issues or
make needed but messy changes.

Age Torpor
As Kindred age, many spend time in torpor even
when not wounded. I assert that this is entirely psycho-
somatic. Torpor isrooted in an emotional disconnection

any grief we feel for 8, aS We the
chessboard to see how the los ofa valued piece affects

refuse toadjusttheir course due to an outside cha
aare subverted by their bodies and changed internally.

that physical dis tion. We lose our
intangible ties to the world, and it becomes more diffi-
cult for us to maintain tangible ones. Preliminary
research supports this, showing that Inconnu are often
immune toage torpor. The Inconnuarealso very active
with the world, despite all their protestations otherwi

After 20 years of self- ion and comp
integrity, human beings collapse under the weight of
their own insupportable illusions. These "mid-life
crises" are supposed to be rather beneficial to those
who are not destroyed by them, as mortals rebuild
their world out of far more meaningful stuff.

But vampires are immune to this evidently biologi.
cal phenomenon. One cannot have a mi isi
when one lacks the requisite end to life. Even after 200
years of self-contradiction, we do not suffer the same
internal collapse asa mortal. And soour psyches never
readjust. We persist in error where humans are forced
to reexamine an old hobgoblin of the mind.

Compounding AMotoxisis our even greater fear:
the fear of falling.

Fear of Falling: The Paralysis of
Power
Logic would dictate that immortals would be-
come the greatest risk-takers of all time. With endless
life and eternal physical repair virally guaranteed,
Kindred could institute great projects and sweeping
reforms. But we don't. In fact, we are pathologically
conservat in our undertakings, running from dan-
ger and embracing sameness like a rock in a storm.
‘This fear of falling comes from the paradoxical
belief that having more to lose (immortality) makes risk
Jess worthwhile, not more valuable. The stakes for just
about anything become too high and so, in order to

Elysium: The Elder Wars

Itis possible, , that their lack of age torpor is
entirely related to some unholy pact (ifsuch rumors are
not just good public relations).

Like any population of the aging, elders who re-
‘main focused on crucial tasks remain alert. Those who
give up any sense of mission tend to degenerate psycho-
logically and physically. Though this process takes far
longer in immortal vampires, the: and ennui
can be infinitely deeper and more debilitating.

Static Reproduction

One extension of the paralysis of power in these
frightfully misunderstood elders is their fear of grow-
ing irrelevant. Just as they are in "mortal" fear of the
loss of power once they have tasted it, they fear the
loss of their young. They never want to cut the strings
and never let go. And why not? ‘They are immortal.
They do not have to groom their young to replace
them as mortals must. They rear their progeny to
remain servants.

Why should they let go? Patricide. Our kind are
more afflicted with it than any beings in Heaven and
Earth. To avoid patricide, elders mustkill their young
at the height of their usefulness or let them go. Yet
childer who are released become dangerous again,
because they become rivals. Again, the elders are
damned either way they turn,

Is anyone surprised that they breed serpents of
the mind? I am not.


Voluntary Torpor

While most vampires despise such inactivity and
long only to act once more, others desire nothing more.
Either they seek to defeat some enemy by escaping into
sleep, or they have tired of the constant pressure of
hunting or else their night-to-night existence has just
become too much. These vampires can voluntarily enter
torpor or extend one they were forced into.

A vampire enters this form of torpor by making a
‘Willpower roll (difficulty of the number of Blood Points
the character has + 2; maximum difficulty of 10). Once
she succeeds, she finds herself in a dream-like state where
she experiences both the real world and that of her
dreams, all while she lies immobile

ach night that passes costs a Blood Point, and when
mpire has no vite left she completely enters torpor.

s who have no blood in them when they begin
this process find it very easy to enter torpor, though they
cannot do so if they have blood applied to Physical
Attributes

mpi

Waking from this state either requires a supreme
exertion of will a represented by a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty of 10) ora point of blood. In any case, the character
awakes ravenously hungry and will care about nothing
except for feeding until she is sated. Those who use Earth
Meld before g

on the en

ng into such a torpor will often feed first
res of the earth before

History
Age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
— Elder proverb

ing from the grave

Elders hi

od their great advantages due princi-
pally to one factor: time. They literally have history on their
sides. Their mortal enemies age and die. Causes lose momen.

ei

‘tumas passionate leadersfade and disappear. New generations
are easily seduced by cheap trinkets and minor concessions.

But wealth creates wealth; control creates more oppor-
tunities for control; and large concentrations of
Thaumaturgical power breed yet larger ones. And so the
elders have all the time in the world to take what theie kill,
cunning and merit cannot attain.

Human Resistance
From the earliest days, when the Childer of Caine took
cover the first mortal cities, humans were a restless, vibrant
people churning with new ideas. They burned brightly and
then burned out. A charismatic leader could rally the people
to utterly depose the vampires, and even the most powerful
Kindred were forced to flee for their lives.

Maintaining that level of cohesiveness proved a greater
task than even the greatest leader could manage. Some saw
their effectiveness fade as their health waned, and they cried


bitter tearsand cursed the cruel fates when thesame monsters

they once deposed crept back into power. Many did not live

tosce the change, but their heirs despaired as the vampires

mocked the accomplishments of the leaders, saying that all
human endeavor is destined for dust, and only evil lives

forever

ingly unstoppable blight. Special helpers abounded in the

ral creatures set their sights on the rising and advancing

Mage Resistance

Mages fight
throw off shackles imposed by ¢

to help it
reality-fixing Technoc

racy. This has helped keep humans from falling too far under

the sway of the vampires. For all their

obsession with maintaining

shift in any balance of powe

Awakening, mages often disrupt the carefully laid plans of
Lupine Resistance

More potent and direct challenges to eld

come from Lupines. The nature-worshipp

loathe vampires, whom they consider agents of the most

infernal pits. They do not accept the vampires' denial that

they serve the Wyrm. Elders claim they are being unfairly
singled out because the Lupines' true enemies are subterra-
nean and almost impossible to find, whereas Kindred can be

ound in any city. The berserker werewolves have dealt

blows to v:

npire society, and many elders fear

However, the real damage has been at the hands of a
fanatic sect of werewolf pacifists called the Children of Gaia,
These paradoxically warlike activists are charismatic figures

toprotect human leaders from Kindred subversion.
trated push intoan area, spread hope and joy likea virus, and
cause an entire city to throw off elder-backed dictators.

So fast does this happen that the pathologically cau

les often have no time to formulate a strategy before
they are completely out of power.
This pattern has repeated itself from the nights of the

despite the clear evidence of monumental danger from this

sect, most elders fear physical attacks more tha

Lupine
hope-mongering. By thinking in terms of short-term sur.
vival, elders compromise theirlong-term effectivenessagainst

the Child

ren of Gaia.

Some elders, though, have developed remarkably suc
cessful strategies against these foes. Discovering and killing
human relatives of werewolves has worked well; not only is

it cathartic, it also severely curtails the Lupines' influence

Other effective actions include bulldoting the holy sites,


condemning the buildings they have turned into homeless

shelters ani
other enemies,

Superaatarae Resistance

have been rare since the earlie

elders difficulty in controllin,
Iways unpredictable and seldom

favors for elders,

though they have often aided humans. They have unraveled
Kindred enchantments and rendered some mortals immune

Spirits have also shown an unexplained in
humanity throughout history. Working around th

ible meddlers has often been a bother for elders, who
sometimes had to abandon their plans when a powerful spirit
has placed a claim on

The World

fl

How weary, stale

Seems to me are
Things rank an
William Shak

eare, Hamlet

The modem world ha

come an unfriendly, inhospi

fall kinds, bute

table place for supernatural creature

have managed to hang on to more d

to man's ascent, they prosper as manki

Elysium Throughout the World
The Camarila has extended its control
virtually all of the world. The only area free fi

non-westernized Asia, where the myste
Eastern vampires keep their Western cousins far
hunting grounds

Eastern and Western Eu
Africa and Australia have
and corrupting influence of th

recent decades the Sabbat h

uuphea
Camarilla elders who
fleeing the

wealthy ref ain that they are not ru

froma fight they lost, but are simply movin

g to "quarantine
abbat for more efficient exterminati

theless, this has caused a s al lessening
of Status among elders accused of "losing" cities like New

York. Princes who have lost their cities but survived are

shamed — some to the point that they flee
‘Cumisillsoclecy onebdly- Ancille ad even erecta
th Sta
rs by contesting the Sabbat

have made nan
tus among the


Walled Cities

Elders think of their territo

‘walled cities." By

zealously controlling the airports: nain avenues of
entrance, they comfort themselves with the belief of having
ame rilla-controlled Europe
and Midwestem United States tocontested ar

sure of safety. From the Can

and the Eastern United Sta

Quarantine Zones

Most elders insist tha

abbat and the anarchs will
or Camarilla individual, even,

er bea threat to the supe!
opponents will take longer than anticipated due, no doubt
toa few Camarilla trai
that wo

rs who have sabotaged operations

oyedbot

d wements. So those "groups

that can never de

until th
These elders will not

like Mexico and New York City. It is not an admission of

defeat to let the enemy keep these cities, but merely good

cat the Camarilla" must be quarantined
y can be properly wiped out.

admit that they have lost places

policy. After all, were they not occupied with the daily

administrative tasks of rui polises, the

Ca

P
rilla's opponents would be inside the walled cities,

le. The elders site the Anarch Free States in.
Inited States as a perfect example of this

land with no history and no culture that is almost
better off overrun by anarchs.

Other aver that the Camarilla suffers from aban:

asant self-delusion that it has "allowed" the
archs and the Sal ins. They say that until it

levise real strategies of con nt and destruc

enemies will continue to make gains.

Contested Areas

ds. Washington D.C. is a
nexus for Camarilla, Sabbat and anarch legions. The prox
lla will nox willingly
allow the city to become a "quarantine
prolonged struggle has only made the S:
Miami has remained contested due to the efforts of remark

imity to power means that the Cam:

ie," and the

stronger there

able vampires on both sides.

Global Alliances

Clans that develop in different parts of the world often
nd lessin common with one another. For

ah

come to have k

ders who ruled Russia constantly
thren in Europe

example, the

xl America. They
more like Camarilla princes than Brujah anarchs.

JAMES 0
DAN " _\\ globe through "family" gatherings.

Nonetheless, most clans try to maintain power across the
ome elders hate the

once-a-century (or so) affairs, but others look forward to

Dh
(Ng them.
f '

WW ane
{


etd

Many powerful elders openly defy the Inner Circ
decrees, believing that the global

ents (ike the Lasombra) into
ny say a council of pre-medieval
th to meet the demands of the
ion age. A power struggle is brewing in
Venice and all over the world.

: .
Creating Elysium

Alll, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or
they have by craft or cn cover the. of their
fact, they call percha

name more honest. Housoever, he
that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must res in
ile and poverty
Sir Walter Raleigh, "A Collection of Political
Observations"

Usually itis th

\ce who namesa few important
as Elysium. These usually include the concert hall or
house where he wishes to hold Camarilla me

wise prince selects very few lysium, fori g
too many, she cannot always enforce her dictates, and her
Status suffers accordingly

hears petitions for new areas to be added. When she so
she gainsa benefit she would not

honors clans' favored:

otherwise enjoy bi
aske
tomake the Museum of

she assigned the area without being

Forexample, it may coincide with the prince's plans

ent History part of Elysium, but
she gains extra clout with the Toreador if she condescends
todo so only after they implore

Th

rary and emergency

re three kinds of Elysium: permanent, tempo

Permanent Elysium areas include the main Camarilla

meeting places, as well as the theaters, museums, g
posh hote

, Festaurants and social clubs designed

-as host most of the Camarilla

for vampiric activity. The

gatherings

s of special events requiring th

anted temporary Elysium status for their dura

tion. These

havens, nightclubs, sewer

areas, parks, gr id old warehouses

During times of trouble, the prince may decres
areas to be emergency Elysium ar
onthe run orhiding out, this

This can give the situation chance to resolve itself without
spilling blood.


Each Kindred is responsible for knowing which

areas are declared emergency Elysium. Ignorance of the
law is no excuse for its violation, even if violation takes
place moments after the declaration. Such a dectee is

always controversial, since itis usually directed against
a specific elder or group of elders, who inevitably see it
as an intrusion into private affairs. As a result, princes

use emergency Elysium sparingly, if at all

The Social Circle

Vampire society is a very formal, pretentious al

designed to leave little room for creativity except as it

ished norms. Elders are more interested

in consistency than innovation. The main form of social

interaction is the salon — usually a kind of formal party

Salons make up the cornerstone of the elders' social

schedules. While often dry and uninspired, these are
where elders form the temporary cabals and uneasy alli

greater and more exciting parties.

The central power broker for these parties is usually

lons by her attendance, and those events she snubs are
usually rejected by all other right-thinking Cainites
Affecting the social schedule confers great control in
addition to a great Status boost. It allows the vampire to
dictate the agenda and the time that will be taken on
various issues. This subtle political manipulation can.
effectively weaken rivals in court, while allowing them.

few options for retaliation.

ce often becomes less involved in the pro:

ng time, and most prefer it that way

in times of instability, when a prince is de
may try to follow the preexisting schedules, but others
deliberately donot attend the gatherings, forcing cha

Just as several Kindred may contest the princedom,
elders may compete to institute a new social schedule in

place of the disrupted one. The victor of this struggle

n gains power that exceeds even that of the prince

might be threatened and even deposed if enough

Invitations
Even though many formal Camarilla functions occur

larly, the hosts of each event must extend formal

vitations. Sometimes they are made in person at an-

her event, while in some cases they are delivered by

messenger. They must be written and must be RSVP'ed
after delivery. Elders, who are resentful of mortal tech:

nology (and often a little daunted by it), do not consider

lephone call to be proper for a formal invitation.

TT 1

Elysium: The El

I
Wars


Im ve invitations confer some standing on the

elder responsible for the salon, as does an engaging theme
andaclever design. Some elders have broken intothe home
their rivals and written the invitations in blood on their
walls. The more eccentric have sent threatening invitations
written in human entrails, sometimes those of one of the
invitee's ghouls, tacked to a man-sized board.

One elder delivered a formal, writte
the body of

vitation to his
x in that rival had
ainst him. These methods are frowned upon and are

rival stak he Sertite ass

red violations of the Masquerade, but
technically they meet the requitements of etiquette

Not to send an invitation to a member of society is a
mediate loss of standing

major faux pas, and a cause fi

‘until restitution is made. An aj

Ceding territory or humiliating groveling are m

sdly not inviting her and just as pointedly

1. This can easily backfire but, if done

rival by poi

with style, can actually humiliate the snubbed ot

if the insulted vampire was already disdained b
population of Kindre

society. Itiseasier to pick on the weak
than the influential

Icis very difficult to deliver messages to certain elders:
Gangrel often have no fixed address, while some Nosferatu

exist in deep pits beyond the reach of normal me
‘Some Brujah can only be found through allies. A numberof

elders believe that Malkavians are capable of completel

leaving the planet for extended periods. Hosts have even

resorted to using Psychic Projecti

Salons

Fame is the sum of the de

de l'Absolu

Honoré de Balzac, La Recherch

Although younger, less powerful Kindred may feel they

understand the tangled web that is vampiric society, such

infants only
Cc

nderstand the most obvious pattems at best

prehension of its true intricacies can only come from.

leeply connected tothe inside, well beyond the velvet

mthe have-nots. Alth
je aware of Elysium and walk

ribbon that divides the have

even the youngest vampi

in certain hallowed halls, most are unaware of the private

corridors, soirees and clubs that make up its inner

Salons are the social units of elder society. AL

though they may take a number of different forms, all such.

gatherings are by invitation only. The first inwitati
such an event betokens a vampite's official reception into
the elite of Kindred culture. No mortal debutante could face

firs
ture. Kindred are

(en referred to as "debutantes" for up t
a decade after their initial appearance in elder,


Since only elders are allowed into the s

find others as jaded and cynical as thems
having

ing of the infant multitude. Here elders

More importantly, however, the salons p
in which the ancient, and often desperately b
can indulge then

that still stir the

otted blood. Only other

and age can truly understand the

Types of Salons

The ne
of if, isthe m

exert power, when thu
likely to assert itself in
Charles Horton Cooley, Ham

There are many type lons, and they
at virtually any part of Elysium. The point of th

re entertained. At the same

size up rivals, insult enemies, probe weaknesses

downfall of the other guests

ns, they are
n be certain t
elves without
portant preen.
conduct

rovide a place
bored, Kindred
esi the few,often vicious, amusements
their power,

1 open fields
Nature and the

can take place
eral

and plot the

Policy Salons
The F

ng: Elders call these meetings to fret over
narchs, Lupine incursion, misbehaving elders or rebellious
P

neonates. They may plot the Sabbat or

f the Inconnu. They complain for

riods of time before they actually settle on a

course of action (or refuse to takeaction, sis often the case),

disdainful indifference at such gatheriny
a pulsing 1 y and
fear. Though they often take ne art
xallery, their purpose is not enjoyment. The format of the

-e at the opera

the formal agenda are humiliated back into line

Patronage Salons

The elders use the Patronag

alonsto present theirnew

ogeny xluce a change in standing for a child

ing an internal shakeup or death. The elders, use the

pung feel ill-at-ease. They are ver

st accomplished childer


Littitits tii

Culture Salons

Culture Salo

music. These
f
at these, but many other elders often get bored and behave
rudely

able Culture Sal

have better than

during a Policy Sal real tear 6

often boring), inv pwiod uphavingspiited, off-the
h-level control over the Camarilla's
this activity by

ceping the
ictive and diverti
ated a spin-off of the

turing a captive Lupine
comedy in some corners, th el tend to frown

cultivated behav

ae a plot to weaken the Camarilla, De
entertainment bec

uncertain and the jaded i palate
darker kicks
Scavenger Hunt Salon

excitement than a good Seaven:


Abunt be
giving away

nounces that he will be
The item must be

ething of great vi
like prime hunting grouni
some ancient and

value of the prize is
x than the excitement it ean generate in
the elder community

Elysium becomes a hive of activity. The elders mobilize
their forces of childer, ghouls and Dominated mortals to
acquire the prize by any means necessary. Each elder is
supposed to cover his own

ny often tea

icks, but since the servitors of
in search of clues, they all
te in cleaning up. The prince, who seldom
sometimes moderates, watches the activity
akes sure that the Masquerade is not broken.
Some particip

nts are less concerned with finding the
n than in hurting theie rivals. They follow their rival and
use the Scavenger Hunt as an opportunity to cheat the ri
out of valuable clues. They may even use the Hun
chance toattackan opponent whileshe is distracted with the
search, This sort of power play has happe

ed so often that
jt enough forces to actually have a

chance of winning,
When the dust settles, whoever found the item isthe new
hhero of the hour. Ironically, the real, enduring glory almost
always goes not to the finder, buttotheelder whogivesthe item
away. The vampire who puts on « popular Scavenger Hunt
nsures that he willbe talked about fora long time tocom
will be thought of asa very capable manipulator.
Sometimes Scavenger Hunts fail, Out-of-touch elders
offer worthless prizes that are rejected by tl
schedule Hunts during a period when the

community, oF
a istaken up
with some pressing business. These vampires lose considerable

prestige and suffer the merciless derision of elders who make big.
plans and fall short of their goals. Fear of this loss of
vicious gossip keeps many elders from trying new things.

The Hunt of Living Prey Salon

The elders sometimes like to play "the most dangerous
ne." They gorge themselves on fresh blood, unleash a
frightened mortal, and sally forth to slay him. It is not
considered "sporting" to use Disciplines, but there is no law
tit. Others may call ad form" to try to r
offenders, but most elders just laugh it off. The g
overkill, sonoone really cares too much about etiquette. The
important thing is that the kill be made with style and flair.
Slaughter is not the point. The fun of the drunken hunt is its
ge when the prey is a

ne isone of

own reward. Of course, things cha
Lupine, mage or changeling.

The Chess Game

Some elders set up lor

Henge a

wns. Every time they take a
he corresponding person is killed

Elysium: The Elder Wars

Enemies List
The wretched have no compassion.
samuel Johnson, Letter, 1781
iesof Mme.

lotes from the

elder.

The Prin

nge of the Co
sufferable buffoon. She Bru
sd when their

UW not hold

time planning. Sh
ime planning

Rep their
plate tReimportant
tu — welt

ect Rat tReyare only hereto be

to the S.

o
We m

eto fight rough

these idiots have even hinted at violati:

Slysi

immediate

loseed. Wemuat

behave then =

We invented the

it would. Gai

That would be

utopia! No more foolish war


If the piece taken represents a Kindred, the Kindred is
ceremonially staked. If the owning player manages to bring a
pawn into the opponent's back row, he may have one of hi
progeny back. The progeny is unstaked, and allowed to return,
to the board in the place of the pawn, who is often killed
These games are usually started in fun, but they often
iken to extremes as the two sides start losing valuable
Quitting the game causes such a huge los of face that
is actually preferable, Some elders h
known to kidnap and Dos
playing the gz
Some elders vary the chess game by making it less Lethal
but more involving. They tie their moveson the chessboard
tivities in the real world, and instruct thei
ated tasks. When pi
they representa

re even been
chess masters into

ne for the

ions to
re taken, the people
told to stop further action. Someti
a ly captured by the opponent bu
unharmed after the finished. Vampites who
involved in the game can form an idea of an eld

carry out f

westhe

agents are litera

rek

's power

and gene
board,

world strategy by getting a look at the chess

Storytellers who want to ty thiscan set upa chess board.

‘4s prop and run the game by tying board
tactics.

Optional Rule: Couture

Ace in a virtuous person, of either sex, caries in it an

authority which makes it preferable to all the pleasures of youth.
Sir Richard Steele, The Spectator

ire is a measure of the current social position of an.
nny other elder at
usually a salon or other type of gather
difficult concept for va
elder society. It gene
‘most important of which are: a

joves to elder

Cou
elder in regards to

m. leis a
pires new to the intricate rules of
ly refers toa combination of

dred's age, experience,
« the Couture of

individuals from the same clan, their Cl
become relevant

Prestige may also

Although onc
with vampire

when dealing,

iety asa whole, Couture rises to the fore in

alings on a more social level. When two

Kindred come together for even the briefest of discussions at

ly many paits of e
cd

rus is more import

a salon there are ine'
analyzing their every word

The call to battle is sounded bi
sneering "Do you really think so?" in response toan offhand
comment on any of a number of topics both political and
If the first elder does not hastily back away from his

and eyes

ised eyebrow and a

soci
stated positi
The winner of any such duel of wits may be rewarded by the
grudging esteem of his peers, while the loser ely
becomes the subject of disparaging gossip. The effect on the
als depends on m

Couture of the two individ

ly how

nts

the cor nd the topic of discussion,

c

isan optional element that players and Story
add toan elder story or chronicle. Initia

‘equals a character's dots in Age + Elder Status (see Chi
Four). A character's Couture can rise and fall with the
opinions of the Harpies (if the character makes a large
impression, either positive or negative), or with a change in
either Background

Couture is also affected by Prestation, A character may
smpt to utili

her Couture against a vampire to

she owes a boon, and vice vers, Prestation always

comes before Couture in such m

The Storytelk
actions and reactions of v
in Couture as automatic
attempt to use Social Skills

ers
in determine Couture's effect on the

story, by treating dots

cesses. whenever chi

pst other elder Kindr

Should the Storyteller decide av
challenge, she simply compares the two Couture

ipireacceptsacharacter's

tings to
determine who has the advan

Chapter Two: The Status Quo


titiitiiid

| Chapter Three:
Tools of Control

If you had potent magical powers, followers you could The rise of the an: urce of vexation

mpel to do your every bidding an infinite to the Camarilla as kee

ed status quo. Many
hilder,

lifetime, how much could you nat

Surprisingly, despite their almost unimaginable advan- that if Caine hit rapple with such a conten

tages, the elders of the Camarilla have not assumed contol rabble, he never could have, not would he have, estab
1c. Norare the far older, his race. Neverthele

lious youth is nothing new, and only shows initiative

the world. They are not even ¢ ders insist that
powerful Methuselahs. (Whe

have managed to accomplish such a feat

The werewolves have made it a point of hor

s Walker Lupinesare clever at

debate among Kindred.) There are many f

the way of the elders using their f, rominent elder

ind reporting weaknesses
everything in existence

The Sabl
more with every p

eatest stumbling block to total
fights them ev

lers themselves, Unable

ofeffective intelligence on its rivalsweakens tsresponse.For clans cannot fully unify. To see the

example, many elders believe that the Sabbat and the Black 20k in the mirror

Hand are the same However, they compensate for the intense op

nanipulation. They areal


How to Builda
Vampiric Empire

each ws


Brujah wealth spreads, or lavish spend:
ch

Resources When wo

ing causes the m

theire

Brujah ancillee to complain,

Capital is dead labor, that, wa
the m
sucks am

Karl Marx, Das K

Resources are described fi

ancing a revolution isexpensive

sucking living labor, ar

the younger clan members by strength and great

risma, 60 such questions seldom come up.
3s, many ofthe Brujah

Most of us are more familiar with the po id eo

tools of power

st, since the uses and pitfalls

ink and file see the power

enemies strong. As long
he clan's leaders
glad

sumption, the
k stockpiled money and

‘money management than the other six

Money has great value to the kine and can be spent t © Gangrelt The Gangrel elders are not consumed with
mortal world. It is less useful for obtaining supematural They often invest sizable sums in large tracts of rural land
services, though ancient texts can be purchased and some which often fall within prince's offical domain bu outside
m or sale. Stagnant mon h meof control. Thisgives the Gangrel a degree

not making more; choking off th nown to the
loss usually red
of Ri Gangrel roam wi

their pawns However, many Gangt

Clan Attitudes to Resources
tiesto money, but they co

clans, who would never
attain that freedom

cs the s << pay the price in isolation

ources in one form

and do not like to be tied

have tempered this wander

lust with fiscally sensible policy, buyin

ase wherever they
unger kin,

his gives themahome
go, and keeps them safer than thei

© Malkavi
elders maintain inv

places they visi

ject as much of itas they ca

ugh, many Malkavian
prefer cold, hard cash toc
elders ha

os. Even those who

scan often put their hands
ey, seemingly out of nowhere. It is

make tradition

younger and more idealistic Bruja ¢ amounts of m


not uncommon for a Malkavian elder to buy failing busi-
nesses or sucker swampland developments right before they
beat the odds and become massive money-makers.

This itrational good fortune prompts some Kindred to
ive credence to rumors of a deep insight that comes with
madness, and others to doubt the Malkavians' insanity
entirely. The former suspect that the lunatic elders can
pluck future trading secrets from the ether through the
Malkavian Madness Network or Melange, while the latter
simply think the Malkavians are crazy like a fox, feigning
madness so their enemies will underestimate them. Regard-
lessof the truth, Malkavian elders usually come up with a lot
of cash when they need ic

* Nosferatu: The Nosferatu are the only elders who
actually shun money, preferring information as a commod-
ity. There are some very wealthy Nosferatu, but they are
notable exceptions. Most prefer bartering information and
boons for goods and services in one-on-one transactions.
They see money as false and ultimately unreliable, since the
dimensions of power they covet, like lore and wisdom,
seldom derive from wealth,

‘Other Kindred say that the Nosferatu disdain for money
is utterly disingenuous, and that they only put on a show to
keep from being manipulated by the Ventrue. Others say
that the Nosferatu would never jump through Ventrue
hoops in the first place, and maintain that the Nosferatu
rejection of material success reflects theit rejection of the
body and all worldly things. Privation and squalor is e
demic to them, and they hold themselves as fundamentally
unworthy of the finer things in life

The Nosferatu's great success in controlling powerful

humans belies this argument, at least in part. If they wanted
to raid the coffers of mortals they could. Ultimately, the
Nosferatu and their ghouls are removed from society, and
ng money isa very social pastime, so it makes sense
they have as little to do with it as possible.
* Toreador: The Toreador prefer to keep their money
nd collectibles. Since their elders exert great pressure
to move the art market and manipulate prices, they have a
virtual license to print (and sculpt and lithograph and
photocopy and photograph and batik and paint) money.
‘This has made some of them fabulously wealthy, even by
Ventrue standard, and hasbought the Toreador cloutin the
larger game of economic control.

The Ventrue disdain these nowveaux-riches Toreador
for their untraditional behavior and reprehensible disdain
for money. They often try to swindle rich yet fiscally naive
Toreador whenever possible. It is a source of tension be-
tween two clans that often vote in common.

Ironically, attaining wealth has cost some eldets con-
siderable Status. The quest for money is seen as a
anti-aesthetic pursuit by many of the younger Toreador,
who are often enamored with the myth of the starving artist

Elysium: The Elder

There is a fine line between being respected as a generous
and patron of the arts, and being disdained as a vulgar,
money-grubbing poseur.

Ifhaving money isa sign of selling out, poverty (or the
image of poverty) is viewed as proof of artistic integri
Toreador, however, also must be able to give lavish parties,
and possess great works of art. The practical upshot of thisis
that the Toreador must have money, and cultivate more, but
can't be seen to want (0. It isa fine line that many never
successfully walk.

* Treme

ll the clans that concentrateon
ing wealth, the Tremere are the most dispassionate, regarding
itas a means to an end, no more valuable than any other
source of power. Since their Thaumaturgy gives them
much more immediate control over their Herd, rivals and
‘enemies, money has less of a luster. The question
elder Tremere gossips is never "How much money does he
have?" but "What did she do with it?"
Within the tightly controlled

vidual money hoarding accrues little
not

n hierarchy, indi
restige, so elders do
squire wealth for its own sake. In this regard they are
somewhat like the Nosferatu, who shun the money chase for
"higher" pursuits. Of all the clans, the Tremere are the most
conscious of the negative consequences of stagnant money,
and are openly disdainful of eash that is not put into play.

* Ventrue: The Ventrue are masters at financii
ters and have huge holdings, which they manage with a
that they seldom display in their otherwise dispassionate
existences. The Ventrue have the most direct and obvious
relationship with money, and love ita itself. They
are used to managing wealth and understand not only the
extensive control it brings but its limitations as well

Money is their birthright, and they instill the
sionand tight-money policiesin their progeny. Many
do not like to spend lavishly on entertaining and feel they
should be recognized for amassing riches, not for spending.
Stil, they understand the Status that comes with putting on
salons and Elysium events and budget accordingly, though
they are just as likely to Dominate the caterer and skimp on
tips.

Status

If the egois is weak, his egotism is worthless, Ifthe egois is
strong, acute, full of distinctive character, his egotismis precious,
and remains a possession ofthe race.
— Alexander Smith, "On the Writing of Essays"

For eternal creatures with all the time in the world on
their hands, Kindred are not apathetic about Status or slow
to adjust it. It is arguably the most important part of undead
existence, as important as unlife itself. Vampires will violate
any promise, betray any friend, pay any pri
rmodities if it will guarantee them higher Status


Status is expended much like money. The vampire puts
his political "capital" on the line every time he tries to exert
clout. An elder can achieve great goals by sheer force of
acquired standing in Camarilla society, since lesser-Status
vampires wish to curry favor with their superiors and will
respond favorably. Status rises and falls rapidly in the halls of
Elysium, and will change countless times in the existence of
an elder. Overall it isa volatile commodity, while Resources
and Influence often endure.

Status cannot be squandered thoughtlessly. An elder
who cries wolfooften in rallying the Kindred to carry out tasks
he wants accomplished risks spending all his Status capital
and will facea difficult time gaining it back. Ifa vampire does

nothing with his Status, however, it will begin to fade
somewhat, Refusal to use clout wil first inspire awe, but that |

Clan Attitudes Toward Status

he Brujah like to see themselves as above

J opportunities are missed.

s of court, but in the end they play as
much as anyone. They usually rely on.a swaggering charisma

and brash, bold action to gain Status. Unfortunately, this

behavior has limited effectiveness in a group dedicated to

sophistication. Nonetheless, it can make a

dote to the stuffy, rarefied air of court, and can increase
Status by stark contrast, Successfully challenging a Tradi

uses even their foes to admire and respect them. 1]
© Gangrels The Gangrel spend the le
courts of the C

narilla and are openly contemptuous of the
occasions when they need to unify the rest of the clans
behind them, they are eager to use their standing. They also
like to play the tie-breaker, courted by both sides and plied

with favors to support one or the other in a crucial vote

Gangrel can afford to play the spoiler game because

they genuinely care little for politics, yet still have full
"voting" privileges. The more they get drawn into Camarilla
politics, though, the more they lose this "outsider" position,
and the more they become compromised. Gangrel
Me

themselves into politics sparingly, as continuing interest
greatly dilutes their individual clout. By

huselahs constantly implore Gangrel elders to inject

maining focused

on specific issues, like protection of virgin wilderness from
non-Gangrel vampiric expansion, they rem

* Malkaviant The Malk
and thushave very litle ofit—
have a lot. Ie is

in powerful

rested Status,

cept when they paradoxically
Imost as if their genuine lack of concem for
Status brings hem more, whereas the pose of disdaining Status

only brings less. They a
i / sometimes

which earn t

re such curiosities in court that they
s alked about. The prank
-m the wrath of important elders also bring d

us just by bein,

fi measure of grudging respect. Malkavian elders will sometimes
cash in their clout to make the clans take some important

action, but often lose interest partway through execution.
+ "SAMES DALY: n, but often lose interest partway through execut

mod

Chapter Three:Tools of Control


g for Status, and they clearly are above trying to gain
it through outward manifestatio

what they lack in grace, they mal

ey know that that will never

upy themselves with manipulating
se who have the most Status.

of schoolyard politics, this is the equivalent of

vof from the daily parry and thrust of the
seeking court. When a Nosferatutries

and enters a milieu where his loo
him, even if no one will admit it

unquestioned masters at it

ey are consumed with the daily ups

standingof the prince, theeldersand each clan,
anarch movement, prominent mortals,

Image is everything to the Toreador. Money, informa.
tion andall the othersourcesof power add into the equat
but in the end the final
indefinable

aisal rests in large part on

npressions and interpretations of accomplish:
ments. The Toreador are the acutest judges of such
indefinable qu

ties, and that makes them uniquely quali

fied to judge Status.

Though the Harpies of each clan decide status, the elder
Harpieswield the most clout. A brief, acid-tongued
reador

ora couplet of admiration from acreative
goes much farther in influencing the thinking of the ©

than all the long-winded sermons of the other clans com:
bined. The power of their clever constructions can bring
down princes and elevate the obscure but accomplished
neonate to great heights.

Were their clan not rent with bitter hatred

derous rivalries, the Toreador could easily parlay this

incredible influence into rulership overthe Camarilla. Some
members of other clans are acutely aware of the clan's

potential and guard against Toreador unification,

© Tremere: The Tremere are very Status-conscious

and try co keep the younger members of their

surpassing the elders. They exert a lot of control on intra
clan Status, but outside the clan they have much less clout
They gain a large measure of their Status because of theit

brings.

TT

* Ventrue: The Ventrue are acutely concerned with
nnot bear to be without it. They are no good at

advancing the Toreador argument — that it is so fashion.
able to be out of favor that a fall from Status is actually very
hip — possibly be
selvesand cannot sta

use they could never believe it them.

itatall convincingly. So they remain

slaves to Status, but have some difficulty attaining it

Ventrue believe that money and holdings should be the
us, as they are in the mortal world, in
whose affairs they meddle so often. They are bitter because

this is seldom the case

and feel it is unfair that vampire
refuse to play by the sam:

rules. They also dislike their

‘minimal clout in assigning Status. They are not asclever as

the Toreador in making a case for their own greatness, and
so they fall behind

Disciplines

Power tires only those who do not haw

Giulio Andreott, Italian prime minister, 1992

‘When a vampire reaches elder age, he has

time to meditate on his Disciplines and the awe

power that flows directly from Caine. All vampires cultivate

the Tremere, live and breathe it, and even became vampires
Co get more of it
Clan Attitudes Toward Di iplines

* Brujah: The Brujah neonates and ancillae concen

i"

trate on their Celerity and Potence, focusing on skill in

on th
while weak
at low levels, is indescribably powerful at high levels. They

battle and the destructive havoc they can wre

world. But elders have discovered that Presenc

use Presence to keep their own childer in line, convincing
the fract
admirabl

tus young that their elders are the coolest, most

AALS

le of rebel leaders. In fact, they are often complacent

is

enforcers of the status quo who have sold out to the other

\/

elders for temporal wealth. Those Brujah elders who have

c\

2% Versa ay.

hot compromised their principles are under considerable
Pressure from the others to do so
*Gi

ably in the wild but do little for them in the courts of the

grel: Gangrel Disciplines help them immeasur

narilla, where fighting is forbidden. This is another
they shun Elysium.

© Malkay he Malkavians have vast potential to
‘manipulate the Camarilla and have the greatest com!

tion of courtly intrigue powers. Their Auspex gives them
reat insight into what is truly going on, their Dominate
allows them to exert direct pressure on those they need to
control and their Obfuscate gives them the power to get
away with it.


Despite their awesome Advantages, Malkavians rarely
take a sustained interest in Kindred politics. As the other
clans note, if they weren't mad they'd be dangerous. Some
elders, though, say that if the Malkavians really controlled

everything and wanted to be thought mad so they would not
be suspected, they could easily get away with it

‘© Nosferatu: The Nosferatu are stronger in their com:
bat and physical Disciplines than in courtly ones. St

in Obfusc
clans. Unlike the Malkavians, they

crucial secrets to effective use against the other elders.

* Toreador: The Toreador Disciplines are built for
courtly intrigue and leadership. Their Auspex helps them.
gain crucial information and their Presence le
many of their peers. Most imp

reach
atly, their Celerity gives
them a real edge over the opposition when their scheming
comes back to haunt them,

* Tremere: The Tremere are the clan most consumed
by Disciplines as a road to power, and they are masters at
their use in manipulation. Their superior Auspex and Domi
nate make them formidable in a one-on-one confrontation,
buts Thaumaturgy gives them an edge no other clan has. It
tips the balance of power toward the Tremere by allowing
them to counter many kinds of Disciplines. They constantly
try Co shift the playing field to the arena of supernatural
combat

recause that is where they excel.
* Ventrue: The Ventrue's tag-team combination of
Dominate and Presence is formidable in building temporal
power and is useful in court. Their Fortitude helps them
survive when the political climate turns against them,

Influence

The politics of the world is to serious a business tobe left any

The Spectator, 1970

When a vampire becomes an elder, he no longer simply

has Influence in hisown nation. His teach can extend around
the world. As a very secretive and hi
Ofcourse, humanity has even gi

Theelders re fearful of any people they cannot manipu:
late, exploit or control. All clans try to insinuate themselves

ically persecuted
ful of humanity

sr reason to fear

into different groups in order to spy on and manipulate them,
ntrol of like
minded groups. When Kindred outlooks are very different

but they often only maintain enduring

from humans, they often can't keep up with the dynamic,
fluid and very mortal landscape around them,

Clan Attitudes Toward Influence
© Brujah: The Brujah use their Influence in society with
a passion. They reach out to intellectuals, street rabble,
criminals, disgruntled citizens, students — anyone who will
listen. They see their agents as more than just pawns, which.

Elysium: The Elder Wars

fitti¢tdddtiii id

often wins them the respect of these mortals. Their lack of
organization, however, keeps them from using their Influ
ence to make the kind of chang

While Iconoclast Brujah have great Influence with

street rabble, Idealists have clout in universities and think

tanks; being the most organized of Brujah, they wield the

most Influence. Individualists have pull in many diverse

fies, from scientists to religious communities to Hollywood.
They have the most clout whenever the power base is
groups like the Ven

decentralized so that ave less

Influence

© Gangrel: Gangrel shy away from large concentrations
cf human temporal power. They are more comfortable with
rustic folk and travelers. They do tend to wield a lot of
Their connections cut across human political alliances, with
Influence among groups ranging from ranchers to hunters,
timber interests. Intrepid Kindred seeking the
theirlairsoften find themselves stalked by xenophok

out to destroy any intruders. But in the city, the Gangrel isa
fish out of water

avian: Surprisingly, the masters of exerting
Influence in the mortal world are the Malk
Their clout is indirect, and therefore very powerful. Often
people they

ian eld

have never met will, out of the blue, take an

utterly capricious action that is completely in line with the

success of a Malkavian scheme

J say thisislittlem
hidden by

han Domination,

is more at work than that — that the

others suspect
Malkavian Madi
tions th:

ess Network has more

w-reaching implica

they ever suspected. Malkavians have Influence in

the unlikeliest of places, including among children and the few

faeries known to exist. They dor

ave complete control ofall
these areas, b

* Nosfer
wolover mortal

there seems to be no group they cannot reach,

tu: The Nosferatu wield
ther than try

fer to lurk,
only when

a daily basis, they p pserve and apply over:

whelming pressure

necessary. They use their
Influence as a means of gaining information rather making
mortals do their They have unparalleled access to

the lower end of ‘ety, with connections to the

nals, homeless people, the poor and other outcasts

* Toreador: Of al the clan elde
the affair

1 Toreador are the
f mortals. They attend a
d beco

whirlwind of social functions

personally in
volved with many hu

I

connections to the worlds of art, design, theatre, architecture

ans. This gives them great direct

nce, but also makes them rather vulnerable. Their

matched by any other clan.

in their quest for greater and greater knowl:

edge, the Tremere have forged links to many other members of

the "supernatural community." They consort with mages, Lu:
pines, and even vampire hunters who are unaware of theit true
nature. They seek ti

all contre

vence the development of magic, and

f the world is merely a means to that end.


© Ventrue: The Ventnue have Earth's commercial mar-
ketssewn up. No other clan with them can compete for overall
Influence inthe business world. Thisgives the Ventrue consi
crablecloutwith every groupthat money can buy,andespecially
with those who revere anyone with lange accumulations of
wealth. The Ventrue often gain valuable connections without
spending a cent, merely by showing off their vast holdings.

Contacts

Knowledge in the form of an informational commodity
indispensable to productive power is already, and will continue to
be, a major — perhaps the major — stake in the worldwide
competition for power. Itis conceivable thatthe nation-states will
cone day fight for control of information, just as they battled in the
past for control over territory, and afterwards for control over
‘access to and exploitation of raw materials and cheap labor.
Frangois Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A
Report on Knowledge

Contacts to the elders, and keeping a
stream of rel ion from within sn without
Camarilla is essential to survival. The powerful deceit prac-
ticed by most vampires and many mortals makes it difficult
to know what is actually goingon. A network of insiders can
mean the difference between triumph and failure, unlifeand
final destruction.

Clan Attitudes Toward Contacts

* Brujah: The Brujah pride themselves on uncovering
state secrets and spreading vicious rumors, but they are not
the most capable information gatherers. Most Brujah have
‘useful" Contacts, like gun runnersand gang leaders, instead
politicians, The
ge repository of information, though,
claim to have some ancient secrets from the days befor
querade.
* Gangeel: The Gangrel disdain the information
brokering that consumes the Camarilla, but are not above
ectly relates to their clan's safety.
stimes sell crucial secrets, but only when they
stand to gain from someone else's knowing them. Most of
their Contacts have only limited influence in restricted
areas

* Matkavian: Malkavians love to barter for informa:
tion, but thei tips often prove unreliable, and they have no

P to be destroyed by word of their unhelpful

Anyone who bargains with a Malkavian deserves what he
gets. Nonetheless, the Malkavians have great access to
secrets due to theit Disciplines and their desire to venture
into odd places. For some reason, a large number of their
Contacts come from the medical profession.

© Nosferatu: The Nosferatu have elevated informa-
tion acquisition and dissemination to a high art. They have
Contacts in the oddest places, for their Obfuscate allows
them to meet with anyone and as anyone. They only sell
secrets that are true (unless it is their intention to utterly

Elysium: The Elder Wars

destroy the purchaser). No one speaks ill of the quality of
their product. They usually only sell information when they
are sure that they have a way to benefit from someone's
acting on it. Some vampires have, on occasion, refused to
pay the exorbitant sums demanded but have still gotten the
just because the Nosferatu wanted them to
have it. However, that seldom works more than once.

* Toreador: The Toreador are incredible gossips and
will often spill vital information entirely by accident when,
Il. They are so concerned with being pleasing
wdience that they can be tricked into this indiscre-
tion. They love rumors, and will often embellish a story
before passing it along. Their Contacts are generally the
social elite, artists and art brokers of various kinds

‘© Tremere: The Tremere are mainly concerned with
magical lore, though they have more than a passing interest
in information from the human world. They will go to.
extremes to track down even the most ephemeral magical
information, and use their supernatural contacts to that end.

* Ventrue: The Ventrue prize up-to-the-minute infor-
mation from the world of businessand commerce. All items,
no matter how seemingly insignificant, are relevant. For
example, weather affects crop growth, which influences

rm prices, which direct the futures markets, which impact
the stock market. Still, only a rare Ventrue will have
Contacts in the "lower" parts of kine society, and their
information from these sources is extremely limited.

Allies

Union may be strength, but itis mere blind brute strength
unless wisely directed.
- 1 Butler, Note-books
Allies are those groups that elders work with toward
common ends, They range from staunch supporters to op-
posing groups who agree to work with the elders against
seater enemies

Clan Attitudes Toward
Allies

* Brujaht The Brujah tend to be reclusive in their
anarchy, though they do create links to criminal and rebel
organizations. These links tend to be rough and chaotic,
with their sometime Allies a likely to challenge the Brujah
in fractious internal strife as to work with them. Idealist
Brujah have Allies in some universities, while Individualist
Brujah have been known to find friends even among Lu-
pines and mages.

© Gangrel: Surprisingly, the reclusive Gangrel turn out
tobe the masters of gaining and keeping Allies. This comes
as a shock to many of the Camarilla, who see them as the
least social of all vampires. But, though the Gangrel lack
sophisticated means of acquiring new connections, they
tend to make enduring ones. They become close to human


scendantsof those mortals remain loyal Allies for generations,
passing along a sense of faithfulness that other clans seldom

Their relationships with the Gypsies is only part of this

They win the same trust among Lupines, faeries and other
spirits. The few elders who are aware of this speculate that it
is related to the Gangrel-Gypsy connection, and that the

Gangrel are creatis

nodern-era Gypsies in the desolate
rural areas of the world.
+ Malkay

Allies, and those they do seem to be chosen randomly. A

Malkavians have few, ifany, very close

significant minority of those Allies have at least a mild
Derangement, but most do not.

* Nosferatu: The Nosferatu are often reclusive and
prefer to keep their distance. However, when they do find a
close Ally, they prize her above all reckoning and bring

horrendous retribution upon any who cause

grief

oreador: Toreador like Allies in the same way they
likean audience. They usually want tobe respected, admired
and adored. Since they are uniquely susceptible to flattery

valuable

Allies who are not
sufficiently extravagant in theit admiration, and keep infe-
rior ones who are rather unctuous. The breadth of Toreador

they sometimes get ri

access to humanity give them a wide set of Allies from which.

to choose

he Tremere usually regard Allies as di

posable resources. Ifan Ally's upkeep exceeds her usefulne

the they donot concern themselves with protecting her a

sionately get rid of Allies that they deem to be no longer

entities. But they are also rather unsentimental, and rate

Allieson performance rather than loyalty or personal facto

Military Force

War is much too serious a thing co be left wo the miliary men

attributed to Talley

Few elders seek direct cont

soldiers, preferring to work through a government ora leader
oexert military clout. But sometimes they doassemble their
‘own fighting force, which is not always human. For more on
this Background, see Chapter Four.

Clan Attitudes Toward Military
Force
© Brujah: The Brujah elders have mastered the meth

ods of acquiring and keeping power through violence. They
ha

angs and rabble they can rouse when necessary to gain
cover or distraction, Durit

he '60s and '70s, the Brujah

were very successful in tapping into the bu youth

a ioe ae |

Chapter Three:Tool

f Control


movement to create armies of iconoclastic young people
willing to take to the streets when stirred up. However, the
Ventrue eventually defused most of this military power by
appealing to naked greed.

The Brujah have often tuned to cells of hardened
warriors whom they can build larger forces around: terrorists,
mob hitmen and union muscle. Their power is far-reaching,
and they are the only clan likely to have command of die-
hard warriors in gangs and police departments. They thrive
oon physical conflicts, and have followers among those mor-
tals who do as wel

© Gangrel: The Gangre! have large standing armies of
wolves, ratsand other ani
will challenge the

Is at their disposal. Few Kindred
in the wilderness, or even in the
Inaddition, the Gangrel keep a loose
network of county cops and park rangers under theie control
in order to keep away troublemaking mi
hunters

* Malkay
very little in the w
‘open confront
less, rumors abound that when the Malkavians as a clan are
threatened, a vast mob of frightening lunatics rise up from
asylums and from within society to attack.

# Nosferatu: The Nosferatu did not make their reputa-
tions as figh bu e strong, det
in battle. They too can command armies of animals to do
their bidding. Apart from a few cases of street rabble making
trouble, however, there are precious fewexamples of Nosferatu
using Military Force for much of anything.

* Toreador Toreador compete directly with the
Tremere and Ventrue for control of conventional military
and police. However, they approach building Military Force
as they do most things, and will lose interest if something
more fascinating comes along.

or suburban area

ges or vampire

Malkavians are poor fighters and have
of military power. They mostly avoid
ind almost ne mies. Neverthe-

ined and savage

© Tremere: The Tremere

c obsessed with security and
keep close ties to the police and military groups, They are
very effective at keepinga cohesive force in times of trouble,
buttheyare too insulartonurturea largestandingarmy. They
do not think like fighters, and rarely inspite the kind of unit
loyalty the Br

* Ventrue: The Ventrue compete with the other clans
for military strength through traditional organizations, but
they prefer to use soldiers of fortune. They trust only those

do,

troops they hire, confident that no one else can win the
loyalty of those they pay so handsomely.

Elysium: The Elder Wars

Power Sources

Greed is all right ... Greed is healthy. You can be greedy and
still feel good about yourself.

— Ivan F. Boesky, U.C. Berkeley School of Busi
ness Administration Commencement Address, 1986.

Elders wield exceptional power in the World of Dark-
ness because they can make deals with and exert control over
virtually any group of system. They are not bound by the
moral, ethical and legal restrictions that often tie the hands,
of governments, businesses and individuals. They are not
constrained by the codes of honor and principle that impel
other powerful beings like Lupines and mages.

A vampire who has reached elder status is barely re-
stricted by the precepts of the Masquerade unless she is
caught in violation, and even then only when she cannot talk
her way out or use her influence to minimize the charges. This
isa situation ripe for abuse, and the only check on an elder's
powers thefact that many others are competing for the same.
sourees of control. Often an elder who is losing the strugele
for a prized asset will destroy it, or at least use the last of his,
power to make sure the rival does not gain the asset. Many
pawnsowe their deaths, and still others owe theit freedom, to
this internecine strife.

Sources of power include:

1) Governments and governmental agencies.

2) Businesses and business associations.

3) Financial markets.

4) Unions and labor organizations.

5) Schools, universities and think tanks.

6) Political organizations.

7) Religious organizations.

8) Organized crime

9) Military and paramilitary groups.

10) Miscellaneous supernatural creatures.

The Power Source Sheet
Ambitious Storytellers and players can go beyond simply
using the Backgrounds as they are described to actually setting,
‘outacharacter'sassetson the sheetsatthe back of this book and
assigning the character's Influence, Contacts and Allies ra
to each of the 10 categories. Multiply each Background rating.
by 10 and allocate those points among the 10 Power Sources,
none of which may have a rating of more than 10. The
Storyteller or player may further subdivide the total for each,
Power Source into specific subcategories, asset outon thesheet.
Storytellers can create specificforms for otherimportant
celdersinthestory,and thus rack political influence or entire
city. This is helpful if a character tries to increase influ
over an area in which another vampire has domain. A.
comparison of the areas where their influence clashes can,
provide the basis fora chronicle in which pawns come under
the conflicting interests of competing elders.


Elders and
Storytelling

Tlove power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a
‘musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and
harmonies.

— Napoleon Bonaparte, in Havelock Ellis' The
Dance of Life

Playing eller isan alien experience. Let's face it none of us
really know what iti like to command an army of exceptionally
polite, orl undead. Well, OK, noneof
Homecoming Queens So its understandable that even the most
‘egocentric Storytellers may want some tips on pulling off this
incredible roleplaying challenge. (Note: these tips work ust as well
for players i the Storyteller cares to share them.)

Dominance Games
‘Controlling the troops means letting them know you are
watching. One way to get this across is to feign indifference
and heavy-lidded boredom until the one rucial issue comes
up. At this point, come alive and immediately meet the
players' eyes. The sudden contrast will get their attention.

Eye Contact

iting people involves pouring focused concen.
tation at them. When you play an elder interrogating the
troops, make relentless eye contact. At the very least it will
creep them out with the intensity. Atits best it will show that
the elder is large and in charge.

Height Advantage

AsStoryteller, you can use height and placement tricks.
Get a higher chair chan the players, and when you play an
imperious elder, straighten yourself up to full height. Loom
cover them. Even aslight height advantage makes a profound
psychological difference. If you alter seating arrangements at
the start of scenes or for live storytelling, sit as far into the
oom as possible. Make the lessers come into your space t0
petition you. Think of the Wizard of Oz: now that guy knew
how to grant an audience.

The Rule of Three
As for Hitler ... his god was an argument at a political
‘meeting and.amanner of reaching an impressive climax at the end
of speeches.
— Albert Ca

wus, The Rebel

Elders know well how to motivate followers with their
words, having benefited from an immortal' lifetime of study.
Fortunately, stirring oratory can be a matter of following a
simple formula,

‘Aspiring dictators are well advised to learn the "rule of
three." Petty (and not-so-petty) tyrants have made good use
of this tactic for rallying the troops and stirring the masses. A.
speech with an ascending cadence in three increasingly
intense segments sends audiences into pure rapture.

‘Strong Statement.

(Slight
ronger Statement!

use)

Strongest Statement!!!

(Wild Applause)

‘There is something about this pattem that drives listen-
ers towild applause, even if the applause is not eamed. It taps
into an automatic response, adistant cousin of the eerie force
that makes us laugh uproariously ata sight gag the third time,
when the second is not funny and the fourth is overdone.

Hitler wasa maser of this. Even those who speak no German
can detect this cadence in many of his best applause lines.

Here
A Shakespeare classic

iends,

some other examples.

Rov
‘Countrymen!"

A Churchillean World War Il example:

"Never in the field of human conflict was so much
owed by so many

10 50 few
‘A moder variation with a double whammy:
"Read
my
lips
(Long pause — massive audience anticipation builds)
new
taxes!"

(Wild applause as people believe it.)

These tactics are summarized here for game purposes
only. How youuse them outside the game isa matter between,
you and your conscience (and perhaps the Constitution).

How Elders Destroy Good
Ideas

Power may be atthe end ofa gun, but sometimes it's also at
the end ofthe shadow or the image of a gun.
— Jean Genet, Prisoner of Love
Young vampires often solve problems in ways their
progenitors did not see. Elders think of themselves as having
the most penetrating view ofall situations, and in some ways.
that's true. But ancillae and even neonates have unique
perspectives and fresh minds that sometimes allow them to
create inventive solutions. Elders fear the youths' rise to

Chapter Three:Tools of Control

he fears that the chile wil

he Detachment
achment finds

elessly naive, while

reactionary. They both accuse the other of
Ik,
been abl se nified front. They

s,allowing the
ns without reprisals. But

vost of

s little tobe gained by
ver triumph an

tom rung of the Jyhad. Many
s needto be ruled withan,

od. But others, often

NikoLAi (eof


Lt

forever branded on

notion and fear it w

Camarilla, Some have even gone s

¥y pawns immediately after the

is to violate the Masquerade, They ¢

mortals never see a vampire, they know too much of Kindred

J to roam f

affairs to be all

But the "younger" elders maintain that most pawns can

betrustedtoact in their own best interest. As longas they ally
that interest with their Kindred masters, they may prove
valuable many timesin life in a wide variety of circumstance
They contend that constantly killing human pawns would
rack up high body counts that leave trails leading right back
tothe elders

This way of thinking has recently gotten a boost as some

aged elders have come around to it. A majority of those who

came of age well before the Inquisition also concluded that

mortal pawns should not be simply discarded after their
short-term objectives have been accomplished. Still, they

caution the "younger" ones against f

ming sympathetic

alliances with humans, who are not only doomed to die, but

could become treacherouspets. A typical statement is: Th

may behave in a docile manner, but mortals can never be

domesticated,

bittijiiis

A Coterie of Elders

There are some serious al problems inherent in

ike neonatesandaneilla

elders have seen their once-strong brood bonds unravel after

the first 100 years of unlife. Clan politics begin to take prece

Coteries break up
die

decision to make

So the Storyteller has an import
create a rationale to keep the elder characters together or allow

them to operate separately, The disadvantage of the latter is

that the game cox

The Group Approach: Coterie
The brood ha
hundreds of years. Now, as elde

uurvived through thick and thin for

still ban,

re problemsand resist the Jyhad. The
roach is that the players all hav

ers working together as

must have usually been Embraced at the same time and place
which limits character creation options. If they are of differ

ttt

TTT rt

TT

Chapter Three:Tools of Control


titi Lt bids} tf

The Free-Form Approach: Rugged
Individuals
nother th
between th

to their clans. Politics can
nasthey have no reason to work together. This
both an advantage and a disadvantage.

The advantage to this approach is that it requires no
pregenerated rationale,
credibility. The disadva
likely to work together.

and there is no need to stretch

tage is that the characters are not

Instead of creatinga flimsy rationale before thechronicle
begins, you may have to make even weaker ones later on to
have the characters work together at all. This is fine if you

want a story based largely on comp
warfare. It can be a lot of fun, but wc

tional roleplaying game in which players cooperate

The Synthesis Approach: Coalition

The elders are all individuals, but they often work

together. They have transcended their coterie but not the

need for political support. They have banded together in a
coalition that is looser than a coterie but still gives them the
safety of numbers and of having someone watch one's back.
With the intense rivalries that go on within clans, s0

times the surest ally is someone who simply doesn't p
from your fall or death,

Therefore, elders often form non-bindingalliances with
like-minded Kindred from all clans. They get to

Elysium and compare notes on recent clan activities, and
while they won't reveal important secrets, they often protect

coalition member from capricious attack, even from their

ownclan. The potential is great for abusing the relationship
through deliberate misinformation, but any elder who does

0 will be ostracized by the rest of the coalition. In a setting

as dangerous as Elysium, it always pays to have allies and
support, and to make sure you don't betray them
Sometimes coalitions form around a single issue like
taking away power from a dangerous Justicar, defending a
prince, resisting the Sabbat, bringing down one of the
primogen, protecting Gangr

Some coalitions develop when individual members find
themselveson the "enemies lst" of a powerful elder. A group
of elders may find they are willing to vote against their own
clans on certain issues. By swapping votes, they build their


The advantage to the coalition approach is that it
allows a degree of party unity and lets the players investigate
and share information together, just as they do in a coterie.
However, it is often not the most compelling alliance in

their lives, as a coterie is. They have many ties elsewhere.
Bur when it comes do

n toa matter of who you trust when
your back is against the wall, the answer often is — the

Disciplines

Elders have vast ability to affect the world — and each

other. At the beginning of an elders chronicle, players are
likely to run wild with their characters' newfound powers.
This is all right, and will give the
characters. To work this through, th
aged to indulge them for the first session or two. Set these

a better sense of their

oryteller is encour-

‘outside the gathering of elders, and allow the characters to
flex their muscles against lesser opponents. Don't artificially
stop t

from racking up impressive gains by

ipulating

their world. The game can be fune'
match for them. They're playing powerful elders, afterall

Once the players have had a chance to get used to their

Besure toremind them thatattacking other elders with their
Disciplines earns the wrath of all elders, Though they h

irreat power outside of Elysium, within the hallowed gro

they must mind their behavior

The Borders of Power

It's also possible that characters with elder-level powers
will be able to punch a hole in the storyline by taking out a
crucial character, or find a way to covertly off another elder.
Keep in mind thatas Storyteller, you have not had 500 years

tofigure out the very best way to use every power, as an elder
ud.

If you deem it necessary, feel free to overrule an out

come, even if you don't know exactly how the elder in

question would have done it. Ifthe player uses a power with
no currently known defense, assume that the elder found a
secret one, possibly through Thaumaturgy or occult arti
facts. For example, if itis vitally important that a character
nothave his Majesty thrown back at himby the Pavis of Foul
Presence, simply conclude that he has an amulet that
nullifies the power of the Pavis or even burns it out after the
first attempr

Chapter Three:Tools of Control


Chapter Four: .
Elder Characters

=< Character
Creation


mal, for most elders already have a vast amount of experience
as Kindred before they are truly considered "elders." The
Storyteller and player should work together as they move
through the early years of the character's unlife tothe present
day

This type of prelude is a very good opportunity for the
Storyteller to inject information about recurring enmities,
loves, problems, etc. that have surfaced throughout the
vampire's long existence. Plot and character devices such as
long-standing grudges, secrets and early pledges to aid an:
other Kindred may all be woven into this extended prelude

Elder Chronicles

The Storyteller may choose from many types of elder
chronicles. The exact nature of each depends upon the
interests of both the Storyteller and her players. Several types

of elder chronicles are listed below. Regardless of which she

uses, the Storyteller should be certain to inform. rersof

rp
ders.

whatever latitude they have in creating thei

For instance, ifthe Storyteller planstocreatea chronicle

around a clash between the characters and the créme de la
créme of the Black Hand, she may wish to automatically start
the characters at 8th Generation instead of 10th, However
ifthe characters ae just entering the inner citcles of Elysium,
she may insist that none have mote than two dots in the Age
Background. Then again, the Storyteller may take each

playerasideand tell him tobe certain his characterhasajilted

paramour (see Flaws) in his background. If the paramour in
uestion is the same forall the characters, she might now be
‘ona mission to destroy orcontrol her former lovers. Thereare
many possibilities when the characters have such a vast
amount of history and power at their disposal.

Sample Chronicles
Global Crisis

Thischronicle involves the sordid world of Kindred and
kine high finance. It is the World of Darkness' game of
political and financial risk, with perhaps al eternity at stake.
Icisrumored that the site of the First City has been found, and

that the Kindred who controls the small Middle-Eastern
Antediluvians.
Passion Undying

Diablerie begins to strike closer and closer as a sudden

wave of elder deaths begins. Clues are left that indicate one
cor more of the characters may be on the list of those to be
destroyed. Whoor what isdrinking the eldersofthe Camarilla
dry, and will the characters be able to avoid the same fate

"SAMES DALY:

Elysium: The Elder Wars

bitittittpdd df

Time After Ti

This is a sweeping ch

ie

le covering at least several

centuries. The characters begin as "young" elders, freshly

Elysium society. The

introduced to the upper echelons

charactersare brought together durin that threatens

d positions among the Kindred elders. After

successfully defeating the threat, they turn to their own

devices. A century of more later the characters meet again,

endangered by another

This pattern repeats itself over the years until the

chronicle reache pax in today's tumultuous world,

with the charactersfinally confronting their ages-old enemy

Note that over the course of their separations the players and

Storyteller must determine some of the important events in

the lives of their characters. The Storyteller may also wish to
advance the characters according to the method given in the

Maturation section

Memoirs

During elder character creation, players should create a

journal, memoirs for their

characters, even if they are only Pretend below).

rendas much effort and

imagination as they desire on this, ant to

establish a number of basic facts ab ssition in.

the politics and power plays of Kindred and kine alike

The simplest and quickest way is to draw up a two. to
three-page timeline, outlining when and where thecharacter
has been involved in significant events throughout his exist

fel free to create far more

ence. Of course, a player shoul

elaborate memoirs written fi the elder

m the perspective
9 into great detail about the

character, and to vents the

character has witnessed and the people he has seduced,

destroyed or pethaps saved.

arch
ory and mood of the cultures in which elder

Players and Storytellers alike may also wish to te

both the hi
characters have participated. Although such detail is by no
means necessary, it can add immeasurably to the richness of
the character.

Although players may touch upon whatever subjects

they wish within their char ts, they should be

certain to the questions and subject

ive the Storyteller important infor

their existences, both mortal and immortal. The players

should first find out whether the Storyteller wishes them to

dress any additional issues (for example, the characters

ne time after WWI, but prior

should have been in Berlin s
to the fall of the Berlin Wall).

The players should show the complete memoirs to the
Storyteller and consult with her to determine the exact
nature of various relationships, identities, ete, In addition

the Storyteller might want to add several incidents to the


bitiddddd tt

them). Even just a briefly sketched timeline and short con-
sultation can add immensely to the roleplaying possibilities
for elder characters. Even Pretenders value what little history
they have been involved in, as they are very often convinced
that whatever they take a role in must be of world-shaking

proportions
When and where were you bor
What important events did yo
mortal?

participate in as a

Who were your mortal family, friends and enemies?

When were you reborn as Kindred, and who was your

nportant places in the world have you visited,

What historical events, both Kindred and kine, have
you witnessed or participated in?

What historical figu
or been influenced by?

What salons, courts and social circles, both Kindred
and kine, have you participated in?

What are/were your entanglements?

s or events have you influenced

Enemies — who and why? Are they still existing!
Destroyed?

Allies — who and why? Are they still existing? De
stroyed

60 Elysium: The Elder Wars

Political influence/involvement — what and where?

Prestation —who, howand when?
past incidents of Prestation, both by you and for you, and any
current outstanding Prestation balances (see Prestation Merit/

Flaw

Explain current and

low).

nd where

Wh c you gone into torpor (if at all)?
Who, if anyone, knows any of your secrets?

What political powers, Kindred and kine, do you

currently control ot influe:
If you have childer, when and why were they sired?
Were your childer lawfully sire
Who are your childer and what is the state of your
relationship with them?

The answers to these and any other questions need not
be extensive, but they should provide enough information
that both player and Storyteller understand where the cha
acter stands in the worlds of Kindred and kine alike. Unless
an elder vampire utterly isolates herself from all other beings,
itis impossible for her to avoid entirely the tangled politics of

the two (or more) worlds in which she resides. Even such

‘vampiric hermits often find themselves slowly drawn back
into these worlds. Although lesser Kindred may be able tc

avoid such responsibilities to some extent, elders, like me

bers of kine royalty, find it almost impossibly difficule tc
maintain an unremarked or unremarkable existence


Elders still must at least appear to obey the rules of
Kindred society. The decisions of the Justicars still apply,
and even elders should ask for permission to sire childer.
ikewise, the character's clan will normally keep tabs on
her, pethaps not asking anything of her for a century ot
more but never forgetting her responsibility to them.
Then there are always the lurking diabolist youngsters
and ancille, waiting fora moment of weakness in which
they can destroy an elder and harvest her power.

Character
Concept

When creating an elder character, her Nature, De-
meanor and clan are all determined as outlined in
Vampire, as are Attributes, Abilities and Backgrounds.
However, the elder character may initially purchase at
least five dots in any of her Abilities; vampires with the
Elder Generation Background (see below) may have even
fewer restrictions.

Eldercharacters require mote preparation at the start
of their creation, for they have existed as Kindred for at
ta mortal's lifetime, and quite often many such spans
have seen more than is possible for the
brief-lived humans of their acquaintance, and though
they may not have grown wise with the many years, they
have undoubtedly grown in some manner.

Seeing the world rush on around them while they
rem: unchanged, watching gen -
lies born and die in the space of an eye-blink, awaking
from torpor to utterly alien surroundings, while all the
time making thei in the murky world of Kindred
politics is an existence that forms complex characters.
When several players each create such fully fleshed,
multi-dimensional personalities, mantled in the world's
history, the roleplaying potential in the situation is ex
traordinacily rich

Choosing Attributes

This works as in Vampire, save that a player assigns
10 dots tothe character's Attribute category, seven to her
secondary one and five to the tertiary one. The character
also starts with one dot in each Attribute

The older a characteris and the more experience she
has, the greater the number of freebie points the player
‘expend during character creation. By taking the Age
Beko' found in this book, vampires can receive
additional points; refer to that Background for more
information.

Note: If a character has a starting Attribute, Ability
or Advantage of 6 of higher after spending all freebie
points, she must take a Derangement for each such Trait.

ions of their fa

Pretenders

Pretenders are vampires who are elder in generation
but notin age. Such vampires are only technically consid-
ered "elders" in the eyes of their more experienced peers,
‘especially those who have existed far longer than any
Pretender can truly imagine. However, the Camarilla em-
phasizs respect for purity of bloodline, and thus Pretenders
are still grudgingly admitted into elder society due to the
power of the vitae flowing through their veins. Pretenders
are honored for their lineage, not for themselves.

Players who wish to create Pretender characters to
use in an elders chronicle should follow the character
creation system outlined in Vampire, with the following
modifications:

* Pretenders start at 10th Generation. Players should
purchase the Elder Generation Background found in this
book if they want their characters to start with a lower
generation.

* All Pretenders receive a +2 modifier to the diffi
culty level of all social rolls involving "true" elders.

© Pretenders may not take the Age or Elder Status
Backgrounds.

* Pretenderscan take the following Elder Merits and
Flaws: any Childe/Childer (save Powerful Childe),
Diabolist, Matricide, Vainglorious.

Choosing Abilities

‘Once again, choosing Abilities is handled as usual except
for the larger number of points available, depending on the
character's Generation, See Vampire for more information on
Trait maximumsby Generation. Thus, aplayer wit racter
of 10th Generation can choose up to five dots in a starting
Ability, while a player with a 7th-Generation elder could
choose up to six. An elder character gets 20 does for his prima
category, 12 forthe secondary and eight for the tertiary one

Choosing Advantages

The base points that players may use for elder characters'
Disciplines, Backgrounds and Virtues are listed below. Adi
vantagesare chosen as normal with the followingexcepti

Disciplines: Elder characters may start with up to their
‘Trait maximum in any Discipline. Elders get 10 dots to divide
upasthey wish, though at least five must gointo clan-specific
Disciplines.

Backgrounds: Elder Backgrounds (Age, Generation
and Elder Status) cost four points per dot. Elders have 15
points to assign to their Backgrounds. All elders must take at
least one dot in Age unless the character is a Pretender. For
Purposes of character generation, elder vampires start at 10th.
Generation, instead of the normal 13th.

Virtues: Note that elder characters receive seven dotsto
spend on Virtues, though they do stare with one dot in each.
Freebie points can, of course, be spent on additional dots

apter Four: Elder Characters él


pettitisiiit.

here, but note that Virtues cost elder characters 4 freebie

to the difficulty of maintaining these
ng, jaded nights of their existences.

Choosing Other Traits

Willpower: Base Willpower

termined normally,

ing,

manity: It is extraordinarily difficule for elder vam-
n to their Humanity: the endless years, the peer
s, and the seduction of great power all

arly fragile quality among
spendiive freebie points

start with Humanity equal to Conscience +
1, but note that taking the Age Background

reduces the chi

Freebie Point ith at least 20 freebie

aracters. However,

points to spend c
the Age Background signific
freebie points available
Blood Pool: Players roll two 10-sided dice to determine
initial Blood P

ly increase the number of

I (any dots exceeding the
are discarded).

Elder Merits and
Flaws

Merits

+'s maximum Bloc

and Flaw

lepth. Players may use
ile taking on Fl
er of freebie pe

Elder Merits
Childe, Loyal (3 pt Merit)

Yourchilde's

f true affection

jou trust her as you d
would be grief-stricken should

Kind

anything happen to her

Enlightened (1-7 pt Merit)

least the first fe

teps on the steep

da. Although you have by no

ime is spent in the qi
ida and on attempting to
tant goal

Elysium: The

ee

Further Disciplines

Vampires of seventh generation of lower can begin
to individu: the Disciplines they have learmed. The
Disciplines above those given in Vampire are not the
‘same for every vampire who develops them, though it is
not unheard of for two vampires have extremely similar
high-level Disciplines

Players and Storytellers trying to develop such pow-
ets should keep the character's personality in mind the
whole time. Most Disciplines have several different ways
they can be emphasized. For instance, Animalism can

Base Elder Statistics
Starting Generation: 10
Attributes: 10/7/5
Abilities: 20/12/8

Disciplines: 10
Background: 15
Virtues: 7

Freebie Points: 20
Note: Ifa character has a starting Attribute, Ability
or Advantage of 6 or higher after spending all Freebi

both control beasts and affect the Beast. Presence can

or destroy emotions. Auspex can allow
tion, perception or new powers of the mind. In each of
these cases it is upto the character to decide what he will
concentrate on.

Note that no Thaumaturgy Path has any levels over
five. Rieualscan require Thaumaturgy of upto 10, however.
By the same token, higher levels of Celerity, Fortitude and
Potence do not give new powers. While some vampires
hhave used magic items like mummy amulets to give them
seat physical abilities, raising theie Physical Attributes or
Disciplines the "normal" way does not do the same.

Love Beyond the Grave
More than one vampire has Embraced a mortal she
fell in love with, and more than one vampire has come to
regret that decision. Maintaining a friendship, much less
passion and ardor, for a human lifetime is hard enough.
Keeping the attraction alive forever is almost impossible.
Some couples resort to a mutual Blood Bond to
reinforce their love, but that isnever asure thing. Neither
member can ever know for sure that the other did not
become bound to someone else first, and out of such
worries grow worry, jealousy and hatred. Additionally,
lovers who resort to the Blood Bond begin to find its
‘emotional content artificial, inferior to the real thing.
‘They regret their Bond — and the relationship as well.

The only other method which consistently works is
love from afar. Two immortal lovers, when they find that
their relationship is beginning to fray, separate. While
they may maintain some contact, they usually go as far
away from one another as they can and communicate
indirectly, through friends and letter drops. As the years
pass, the once-hot fire they felt for one another will either
fade or turn into an even stronger longing.

Finally, decades or even centuries later, the lovers
will meet once again. They might set up a casual meeting
to reacquaint themselves or "accidentally" appear at the
same place at the same time. When they find that the old
desire is still there, they reignite the old passion — often.
hotter than before. Neonates may never know until it is
tco late that the elder they destroyed had such a lover.

points, she must take a Derangement for each such Trait

Youare already capable of controlling yourself far better
than most Kindred and have a number of dice equal to your
rating in this Merit that you may add to your rolls to resist
Frenzy. These dice may only be used on yourself. You must
have a Humanity of 8 of higher to have this Merit

Holdings (1-5 pt Merit)

‘You own a number of properties that have been in your
possession for years. These have all been modified to provide
you with protection, numerous places to rest and emergency
‘escape routes. Although such holdings are often ancient
castles, museums and the like, they ca Iso be specially
Prepared apartment complexes, mountain lodges, old
churches, etc. For every point taken in this Merit you have
‘two such holdings, which can be almost anywhere in the
world.

Mummy Companion (5 pt Merit)
Youhave one ofthe world's few mummies a a comp
ion or close associate. Your relationship is one of relative
equality, with neither of you able to dominate the other, and
you find this most refreshing. Although it would not be
condemned by the Kindred, you both take pains to keep the
association secret. Other powerful elders might wish to take
advantage of your companion and the benefits he occasion-
ally provides you. Other Kindred may even attempt to
destroy the mummy or tum him against you rather than allow

you access to his great stores of information and abilities.

Paramour (3-5 pt Merit)

You have had a long-term (minimum of 75_yeats)
relationship with a fellow Kindred. Although you may have
had your disagreements over the many years, you are gener-
ally loyal to each other. You know most, if not all, of your
paramou's secrets, and your paramour knows as much about
you. You have both come to each other's aid several times
over the years, and you would be aggrieved were anything to
happen to your love. The cost of this Merit depends on the
relative power and position of your paramour in Kindred
society (3 for an ancilla, 4 for another elder of equal power,
5 for a more powerful elder),

: Elder Characters


bititiiitiiis

Paranoia, Limited (2 pt Merit) Prestation Gites: (2-6 pt Merit)
You kne

that thereare res, hunters, Garou tly owe a boon

patterns and hi
target. Asa result
(1 difficulty to spor

Patience (3 pt Merit)

You have leamed the wisd

current position lightly, y
debts) should you require aid. Such aid must be commensu:
ate with the initial value of

m of p
Passions may burn brightly; but as the

endeavor open, enemies magnitude of the de ind the importance of the

Kindred who owe them. The exact nature of this Merit

who wait and watch are
of the vagaries of time. Due to
Frenzy rolls are made with a -1

Poweriul Childe (1-5 pt Merit) Elder Flaws

Youhavea childe ina position of power within vampiric
rves as both an Bastard Childer (2 pt Flaw)

natianes sired one or more childer without the permis
ince or Justicar. Under Kin

should be worked into the elder character's journal or mem:

society. This childe

information font and protecti

f you, you are n
1 oth,

ald
wer your secret. This Flaw is cumulative,

relationship, as itis ight fora sire tobe. T

depends upon the power and
leading anai
determin:
must be taken

and must be taken once per bastard sired.

Elysium: Th

Childe, Vengeful (2 pt Flaw)

You have sired a childe who has grown to loathe you.
Not only does your childe not aid you in your dealings with
other Kindred, he actively works toward your detriment. At
times you feel your childe would commit diablerie upon you
if given half a chance, and you could be right.

Death Wish (1-5 pt Flaw)

You have an unconscious wish to die the True Death
The search for blood, the politics and pain, the constant
knowledge of all eternity looming ahead of you, and perhaps
your own cowardice, all have their effect on you. Although
you never deliberately do anything to harm yourself, you do
tend to hinder yourselfat awkward times. Atany time during
astory, the Storyteller may ask you to reroll a successful Skill
check. The least successful of the two rolls is the actual result
of your action. The Storyteller may do this a number of times
per story equal to the number of points taken in this Flaw

Diabolist, Known (5 pt Flaw)

You have committed diablerie at least once to achieve
your current position of power. Although not all members of
elder Kindred society know of your terrible flaw, at leastsome
elders of import are aware of it. You are certain word of your
proscribed behavior is slowly making its way through society.
Other elders could easily discover thisat any time and, at the
very least, most of society knows that you are to be shunned.
Adding to the danger, there is always the possibility of a
Blood Hunt despite your elder status. Ifthey haven't already,
certain elders can be expected to use their information to
force you to back their causes. You receive a +3 difficulty
modifier on any Social roll involving elder Kindred who
know your secret

Diabolist, Secret (2 pt Flaw)

You have committed diablerie at least once to achieve
your current position of power, but no one yet knows your
secret. Should the information ever be revealed, other elders
‘may well refuse you aid, shun you or, even worse, tum against
you, perhaps even calling a Blood Hunt. I is imperative you
keep this information hidden. Should your secret ever be
revealed youwillreceivea +3 difficulty modifiertoany Social
roll involving elder Kindred.

Emotional Isolation (1 pt Flaw)

Youhave seen too many friends and family, Kindred and
kine alike, swepe away on the river of time and cast into
oblivion. The pain of seeing so many die while youcontinued
to exist was horrible to bear, so horrible that you have now
isolated yourselfemotionally fromall others. You often come
across as cold and utterly without feeling, but what is that to
you? Youare now safe from pain. Due to your total emotional
isolation, you receive a +1 difficulty modifier to any Social
skill rolls involving emotions and cannot spend experience
points on the Empathy Talent

An Acquired Taste

One ofthe changes which elders most fears the time
when they will have to drink vampire blood. Even if an
elder was once a diabolist and developed a taste for such
vita, such a hobby is afar different thing from needing
this blood to survive

Thisdegeneration is often tied to Humanity lossand
the passage of time, but neither are essential. Some
ancient monsters still prefer mortal blood while some
relatively young vampires have found themselves unable
todrink fromanyone but mortals. Storytellersare strongly
‘encouraged to make this sort of change a story element
and nota fixed system. The following guidelines are just
that — guidelines, tobe used or ignored asthe Storyteller
likes

Should most of these criteria be met, then the
character is a likely candidate for this sort of blood
exclusivity. This usually begins as an occasional det
tion until the character will no longer drink anything but
vampiric blood.

* Diabolise

© Sire addicted to Kindred vitae

¢ Humanity of less than 3

* Sire a diabolise

* Active for more than 500 years

* Has a Derangement related to blood of feeding

‘© Has created a number of childer

* Has Blood Bound a number of younger vampires

— especially one's own childer

* Atodds with one's own sire

© Has almost no mortal Allies

© Has any Nature but Architect, Caregiver, Cava

lier or Martyr

Ennui (2 pt Flaw)

You are world-weary. You have seen enough to know
that nothing isever truly new: the same events and so-called
passions are merely replayed again and again, with only the
faces and names shifting as the many, many years go by. You
rarely pay attention to those around you, assuming you know
all there is to know of them once you have determined what
part they play on the world stage (+1 difficulty to Perception
rolls involving people you know). Due to your belief in the
predictability of others, you also receive +1 to the difficulty
level ofthe firs action taken following a surprise (such as an
ambush).

Matricide/Patricide (4 pt Flaw)

Youhave committed diablerieupon your own sit. Ifthis
information becomes known among other elder vampires
you will be shunned, or perhaps even put to the sun. You are
‘most certainly an easy target for blackmail, and you must

cet Four: Elder Characters 65


always be alert to the signs of other Kindred searching for
information about your sire and his untimely demise (or
" disappearance")

Paramour, Jilted (1-3 pt Flaw)

You had a long-term relationship (minimum 50 years)
with a fellow Kindred. Although the relationship proved
useful and pleasant while it lasted, you grew weary of your
former paramour and ended the long-term tryst. Unfortu-
nately, your former paramour did not take the ending of the
affair well, and has apparently developed a strong antipathy
for you. You both know many of each other's secrets and this
has caused a stalemate thus far, but you are concemed that
your ex-paramour may interfere in your affairs at some time
in the future. The cost of this Flaw depends on the relative
powerand position of yourex-paramour in Kindred society (1
for an ancilla, 2 for ancther elder, 3 for a more powerful
elder).

Paranoia, Extreme (3 pt Flaw)

You ar

certain that the world is full of creatures and
people who wish to see you destroyed. However, you do not
worry overmuch about those individuals who loathe you
from a distance. It is the ones you let get near you, the ones
who profess some caring towards you, whoare the real danger.
Of course, not all your associates and s0-called friends are
actually your enemies (at least they probably all aren't).
However, you know that no one ever does anything they
don't belt to be for their own benefit. You are constantly
alert for signs that one or more of your acquaintances are
actually seeking to commit diablerie upon you, stake you, or
worse. Whenever someone you know performs an act that
appears selfless, you must make a successful Self-Control roll
to resist branding them a traitorous, implacable enemy bent
‘on your destruction (and taking appropriate actions against
such a monster!). The Storyteller may also decide that your
companions' actions are suspiciously altruistic and necessi-
such a rol

Poverty (1 pt Flaw)

You are very poo fran elder vampire. Either you never
bothered t save anything over the years, or you throw away
any accumulated wealth for your own, cbscure reasons. You

nay not take any Resources.

Prestation Debt (1-5 pt Flaw)

You currently owea boon toone or more other Kindred.
Thisdebt could have been incurred far inthe past, or only last
week, but the Kindred to whom you owe the debt is still
extant. Assuch, she has gained some Status over you, and you
areataslight disadvantage in any dealings youhave with her.
Icis also conceivable that your debe could be called in, and
that you could be asked to perform some service or favor for
any such vampire to whom you are indebted.

Elysium: The Elder Wars

‘The number of points in Prestation Debt must be deter-
mined by both the player and Storyteller. The number and
‘magnitude of such debts and to whom they are owed deter-
mine the rating of the Flaw. You also receive a +1 to the
difficulty level of any checks made when attempting to
influence such Kindred. The exact nature of this Flaw should
be worked into the elder character's memoirs,

Recently Arisen (3 pt Flaw)

You have been lying in a state of torpor until very
recently. The years have left you in their wake and the world
has been remade in your absence. The culture shock is very
jarring, and you still find i dfficul to make your way inthis
strange new environment. Only the general flow of Kindred
politics and society remains reasonably familia; the rest of
the world is gibberish. You receive a +2 to the difficulty level
of rolls involving technology and to social interactions with
‘everyone save other elder Kindred.

Routine (2 pt Flaw)

Through the ages you have settled into somewhat of
routine. You tend to go to the same places at the same time
of year, and to proceed from haven tohaven in a regular order.
If others studied your behavior closely, they might be able to
take advantage of it to do you harm. The Storyteller may
lower the difficulty level for anyone attempting to surprise
the character from 1-3 points depending on the specific
nature of the situation.

Vainglorious (1-3 pt Flaw)

You are boastful and know that you deserve any praise
you receive. You ae particularly fond of Kindred who realize
their lesser standing in the face of your obvious superiority,
although you tend to view any who speak well of you as more
intelligent and deserving than most. Due to your arrogance
and love of sycophants, you receive an increase
three points on the difficulty level for resisting any attempts
at Manipulation using flattery (the modifier is doubled if the
flatterer has a flattery specialty). The modifier is determined
bby the rating of this flaw.

Elder
Backgrounds

The following Backgrounds are available only to elder
characters or add levels to existing ones. Generation limitsto
Traits (7th Generation for six dots, 6th Generation for seven,
etc.) still apply.

of one to


Litt tii itis ti of.


mn: One mi

n: Two mi

n: Tw

n: Two major enemies and several

Influence

Elysium:

Youcan influence the affairsofone country
Youcan influence the afar of two counties.
‘Youcan influence the affairs of one continent.
You have influence over everything except
Asia.

‘You have influence over the entire world.

Resources

Certain elders have gone beyond concem over their
‘own wealth and now concentrate on the power their wealth
brings. While one human may become a billionaire during
her lifetime, a vampire may have control over hundreds of
billions (or even trillions!) of dollars, though they do not
necessarily belong to her. More than five dots in this Back-
ground represent that degree of wealth. A character with this
sort of control can have any possessions or amounts of money
she desires

When attempting to change the direction of world
commerce in an area in which a character has influence,
make a Manipulation + Resources roll. The difficulty is
determined by the Storyteller, depending upon the extent of
the desired change, tenacity and skill of your opponents, etc
A botch indicates the character has put her influence over

that section of the global economy at risk, either through
corporatetakeovers, the collapse ofthe industry, or any other
major disaster. Her Global Resources level may drop accord-
ingly

‘You have influence in one global industry
(steel, banking, airlines, etc.)

Youhave influence in two global industries.
‘You have influence in every industry in
one country as well as two global industries.
You have influence in every industry out-
side of Asia.

eeeeeeeees You have influence in every industry

Military Force

‘When vampire reaches elder status, he has a chance to
sain control of human institutions that prevail through force.
This includes local police, troopers, FBI, street gangs, crime
bosses, biker packs and bands of thrll-seeking young people.
Direct control of human mobs is always frightening to elder
vampires, who remember the Inquisition as if it were only
yesterday. Asa result, they often band together tocurtailsuch,
aspirations in their fellows. This makes attaining and main-
taining a large Military Force very difficult. Usvally an elder
canonly keep a small force before hisrivalsclosein to stop his
power grab.

The player must define who a character's forces are and
where they train. They could be a subset of the U.S. military,
orany of the groups listed above. At Level Six and above, the
Military Force will usually require some sort of government
sponsorship. Storytellers should fee ree toler the character
control more mortals with less combat training than is
‘specified for that level. For instance, with two dots a charac-
ter might control a 40-person mob.

. 15-person mob, generally unorganized and
untrained: student rebels, street gang

oo 25.person team, generally with some com-
bat training: police, crime family

on 40-person platoon, all combat trained:
SWAT team, army reserves

-person troop, all veterans: mercenary
soldiers, terrorist unit

100-person company, elite troops: special
forces company, intelligence unit
Several companies with a mix of weapons:
mechanized infantry, air assault group
Military division: thousands of trained
soldiers

(One branch: acountry'sentirearmy, navy,
airforce or similar body

(One country:all the Military Force in that
country

'* Forces all over the world

Optional System:
Character
Development

Although the great age nd experience of elder vampires
grants them wisdom, powers and knowledge unavailable to
the neonates who scurry as frenetically as the kine across the
face of the earth, this experience is hard-won. As patterns of
thought and behavior become more and more atrophied with,
time, learning new concepts and abilities becomes harder
and harder for even members of the Kindred. The great leaps
made so easily in youth are much more difficult for beings
who mark their existence in centuries and who are not as
affected by the activities of a single month or year.

Thus, the more ancient a vampire becomes, the harder
she finds it to advance her skills and abilities. The chart
below outlines the experience cost of gaining new powers for
vampires, from neonates to Methuselahs. The dots represent
the number of points the elder has put into the Age Back-
ground. The only Trait which does not change its cost is
Willpower, which always requires its current rating in expe-

rience to increase.

apter Four: Elder Characters


efettittipipisisd td

aturation


Elder Experience Chart

Trait Experience Cost

‘New Thaumaturgy Path 7 8 9 10 i

Humanity CRx2 CRx3

Ability CRx2 CRx2

Thaumaturgy Path CRxt CRxf
Other Discipline

*CR = Current Rating

CRx? CRxB

As always, Storytellers should only allow players to increase their cl
reason for the character to have grown more proficient in the Trait,

CRx3, CRx4 CRx4

CRx2 CRB

CRxt CRxt

CRxB CRxI CRx10

icters' Traits if there is some legitim:

1¢ that can be woven into the story or chronicle

(or the interlude in between). For example, if an elder embarks upon a study of the newfangled devices called
"computers" after having her electronic banking accounts pilfered, then she might legitimately gain some Knowledge

in Computer at the end of a story.

During this interlude the player and Storyteller should
work together to determine the new Abilities, Derange-
‘ments, Contacts, etc. the character develops. The amount of
time that passes with the character out of torpor determines.
how many new experience points the player has to spend.

‘The Maturation Chart below should be considered a general
guideline as to the experience a character receives over a
given amount of time spent active during an interlude, It is
up to the Storyteller to determine the exact number of
experience points available

The experience cost of Traits depends upon the
character's age (see the Elder Experience chart above). For
purposes of spending maturation freebie points, acharacter
considered to be in whatever Age category he belongs t
the beginning of the interlude

Maturation Chart
Years Points
10-100 15
101-250 25
251-500 40
501-750 60
751-1000+ 80


Appendix:

~

~ Gehenna Cults

Thi
and make

make

come true

Eric Hoffer, The Passionate State

The "official" Camarilla position is that Gehenna is a
myth used co frighten childer, and the Kindred need not f

their ancestors. The elders scoff atthe legend and mock their

worried progeny for paying heed to anarch fear-mongering,

However, some elders who outwardly uphold the
Camarilla chains of Blood Bonds are as afraid of a potential
Gchenna as their progeny — and more so, since their blood
istherarest. They have ormed small cells within the Camarilla
where they can discuss this forbidden subject. These are the

most secret of secret societies, and their carefully coded

conversations take up a lot of time in Elysium gathering

member caught puts the whole group at risk of exposu

Few experiences are as terrifying and exhilarating for
elders asa meeting of their Gehenna cult. They feel vulner-
able, powerful and excitingly naughty all at the same time.

Contradictory and uncomfortable though they seem, such

n possession of absolute power can not

hecies come true

they can also lie and

f Mind

feelings are really of great value to most elders, whose emo:

tions began to caleify long ago. There is also great

cult membership. The elders feel they are doing
aboutthe greatest danger in their universe, even thi
of them secretly fee! doomed to failure in an utterly impos.
sible task.

Membership in a Gchenna cult is a risky game, since
some Kindred are now so fearful of Gehenna they publicly
disd

hat they would betray their own clan to prevent it
That makes them vulnerable to those who say they can read

signs and portents, like Gypsies, mages or S:
the Paths of Enlightenment.

priests of

component known ony tothe highest citles, while other
end none have tore than few bunded mnabe

which follow ore only a ampli

of those in existence

i ee

Appendix: Gehenna Cults


oyal Order of the Edenic
Groundskeepers

Founding: 1645

Motto: Knowledge, Wisdom, Vigilance

This pretentiously titled group represents itself to lesser
clan members asa social club for elders. Its true purpose is to
resistthe Antediluvians at Gehenna by arming elders against
the return of their Third-Generation ancestors,

In order to see the outcome of the imbalanced struggle
‘against the near-omnipotent progenitor Kindred as anything
but the slaughter of all elders, the cult has reinterpreted the
termsofthe struggle. Its leadershave recastthe Antediluvians
assubterranean vermin and th as vigilant gard
Elders are prone to despair in even the best of circumstances:
by revising the terms of the conflict, they attempt to keep
their last vestiges of hope from dying.

‘Theirscenariodepicts victory growing from three sources
knowledge ofthe resting places ofall Antediluvians, wisdom
to correctly interpret the signs of Gehenna, and vigilance in
the final days

Knowledge

Cat members collect all available information on the
torpor sites of the Antediluvians and pay vast fortunes for
even farfetched lore. They finance expeditions into ancient
ruins to search for clues, and carefully comb archeological
records, They have been known to send groups of inad-
equately informed neonates into long-deserted crypts in
search of clue hes with Wyrm minions,
Euthanatos magesand other creatures of death. This has cost
‘many childer their undead existences, butithas yielded some
solid

The Groundskeepers believe that the final days are at
hhand, and are frantically preparing more such expeditions.
They need many brave or foolhardy Kindred and ghouls for
the mission and pay handsomely in

with princes to all who accept the offer and surviv

Wisdom

Interpreting Gehenna lore is more an art than ascience.
Most Groundskeeper megtingsdevolve intoshouting matches,
as the members argue their reading of the Book of Nod.

onshave gone in and out of style through the 300
's lifetime. Some reject parts of the Book of
Nod in favor of other apocryphal texts. Others insist that
most Gehenna lore is Antediluvian lies, and should be
ignored in favor of Gypsy lore, Lupine tales or even commun-
ion with spirits

Vigilance

The Groundskeepers have dedicated ghouls and Blood
Bound Kindred patrolling the areas where they believe
Antediluvians lie in torpor. These agents are instructed to

Elysium: The Elder Wars

report on all suspicious behavior. The Kindred servants are
elite shock troops who are commanded to give their unlives
when so ordered. They have laid traps of fire, wood and
immobilization until sunlight, in hopes of killing che
Antediluvians while they are still weak from torpor.

Few elders believe their troops will succeed in this task
Their main hope is that their Kindred pawns will hinder the
Antediluvians and buy the elders time to flee and arrange a
real counterattack.

The Final Battle

‘The Groundskeepers are pathologically afraid of meet-
ing the Antediluvians in the elders' own havens, even.
though the elders would have a territorial advantage there.
Instead, they prefer to take the battle to their progenitors
The elders have spent many brooding nights and long,
sleepless days imagining the final fight. In their blood-
fevered imaginations, they see the interval between the
rising of the Antedilu and the actual attack as: ne of
terrified paralysis. To stay alert, che elders feel they have to
remain in motion. So they wish to take the fight directly to
their ancestors, even of that means losing the tactical edge

Imperial Order of the
Master Edenic
Groundskeepers

Founded: 1898,
Motto: Strike Fist. Strike Last

tion of the Groundskeepers sprang up
ig0. They call themselves the Master Edenic
Groundskeepers, and they are far more militant. These elders
do not want to wait for the inevitable day when the
Antediluvians rise up; they want attack now, while their
progenitors slumber.

By attacking first, they hope tocatch the Antediluvians
unaware and vulnerable. They think that this is the only
chance they have and are planning daring raids into areas
theyhave targetedas Antediluvian havens. They are acti
recruiting younger Kindred to join the
their groups has destroyed an Antedilu
killed some very old Kindred that were suspiciously not a part
of vampire society, and they h
scripts

The majority of the Groundskeepers are appalled and
frightened at the ideas put forth by this faction and argue
fervently against them during meetings. They believe that
attacking the torpid Antediluvians will only stir up trouble
where none now exists. If an Antediluvian is unable to.
voluntarily awaken from torpor, an attack might trigge
alarm and allow her co rise. Ifthe attack fails, the Antedil
vian issure tocome after the masterminds, and might init
a "mini-Gehenna

missions, None

/e stolen some strange manu

in which all elders are eaten and the
ancille placed in charge of the Kindred.


spers reject these argu:
They argue that

with the main body. The

before the Master Gr

Way of the Ancient
Lawgivers

yme members claim
Second City, even t

b Lawgivers, ve
Antediluvians intend to destroy their faithless and

ycel Gehenna, all Kin

‘an 1
\ DAW 114 | M"

ne

Appendix: Gehenna Cults


‘The hard-line founders of the Lawgivers, who call them-
selves "Comerstones," disdain these half-hearted members,
and mock them as "Claystones." They hate the Claystc
reluctant support, but hate their own dependence on them

Members of other cults argue that increased fealty to
elders could backfire and actually make it easier for the
Antediluvians to consume their progeny. They say that some
level of autonomy is important, even though most admit that
younger vampires have too much freedom. Some point out
that even complete fealty did not prevent the destruction of
the First City and will not prevent Gehenna

A secret subcell of the Lawgivers wants to destroy the
Masquerade and overtly enslave the human race. These ideas,
are heresy to the Camarilla, who have sent archons to
infiltrate the cult. The Lawgivers themselves are eager to
ferret out this group, since such ideas run counter to Caine's
laws as set forth in the Rules of the Canaille in the Book of
Nod. A low-level cold wars underway between the cult and
the Camarilla, one that has heated up as Kindred grow to fear
an imminent Gehenna.

Servitors of lrad

Founded: 1456

Motto: Brother Kills Brother — the Faithful are For:

Not all Gehenna cults actively recruit new members.
The Servitors of Irad are such a secretive cult, pledged to do
the work of the Antediluvians in all things —even hastening
Gehenna and betraying the other elders to their progenitors.
They are named for the third childe of Caine, Irad the Strong,

The Servitors hope that ifthey can show that they spent

their unlives doing the work of the Antediluvians, they will
notonly be spared at Gehenna butwill be the seeds of the new
generation of Kindred. Since the Book of Nod makes it clear
they reason that others will be spared. They intend to be the
latter.

The only flaw in their plan is that they are notin contact
with the Third-Generation vampires, and do notknow what
their ancestors would want them to do. But this has not
stopped them from acting on the Antediluvians' behalf
They believe that the Third Generation wish them to keep
the elders weak and misinformed, so as to be less of a threat
when Gehenna occurs

Servitors attend Camarilla Conclaves to divide the
gathering with vicious rumors and backstabbing lies. Their
members infiltrate the other Gehennacultstosow dissension
and sunder shaky alliances. They eagerly watch for the signs
of Gehenna and seek to be tools of the Jyhad


Their greatest wish is to be in contact with the
Antediluvians. They feel a burning shame that though their
goal is todo the work of the Third Generation, they can't be
sute they know its will,

‘They sum up their purpose in this chant:

Know the Will of the Ancients.

Do the Will of the Ancients.

Kill Thy Brother.

Camarilla Archons have marked members of the Servi-
tots of lad for extermination and are determined to destroy
the sect, Other eldershave gained an inkling of the existence
of this cult and have done their best to stamp it out. They are
«dof being thrown to the wolves at Gehenna that
cforgiven heinouscrimes by Kindred whohavebeen
secret information about the Servitors.

.the servitors rarely meet and are exceedingly difficu
to find. They t red other elders by accusing
them of membership.
me of those who are aware of this group suspect th
the Servitors actually are in contact with the Antediluvians
and just don't know it. They believe that the cult members
ate pawns who are controlled from a
who will be

sm

ir to cause trouble and
mong the first to be eaten at Gehenna

Twilight Cutt

Founded: 1550

Motto: Find Her

Members of the Twilight Cult believe the Book of Nod
contains one stanza that holds the key to staving off Gehenna.
According to these elders, the referencesto the "last daughter
of Eve" found in that tome are not only truly the prophesies
of Caine or his childer but are the keys to safety.

The members of the cult reason that if they can either
control or destroy the last daughter of Eve, they

's occurrence as simply as one can prevent the
opening of a locked door by taking away the key. Other elders
have acerbically pointed out that there are many ways to
open a locked door, but the members of the Twilight cult
insist that it is possible to divert the path of history through
small, but crucial, elimi ons and changes. After all, this
method has worked quite adequately with canaille, neonates,
princes and the like. The Twilight cultists maintain that
other elders are simply incapable of the keen understanding
required to recognize which pawns are most crucial in the
ume. Capturing the correct piece may mean the difference
between check and mate.

‘The Twilight cult was originally formed by Ventrue and
Tremere elders to determine to what people this woman
would be born and the most reliable method of monitoring
the kine populace to locate any mortal female who bears the
ark of Eve: the crescent moon. There is some debate
mongst the elders regarding the exact form the symbol will
¢, as the Toreador elder, Al ., clearly showed in her
treatise on the symbols of Gehenna. Certain ones claim that

the crescent moon actually refers to a woman bor with
certain psychic powers. Some elders interpret the crescent
moon reference as symbolic of Numina. Others say the mark
will take the form ofa peculiar, crescent-shaped aura emanat-
ing from the Chosen One.
Most cultists, however, feel

rescentshaped birth-
mark is the most probable form of the outer manifestation.
Thus, the members of the cult today have operatives sta
tioned in hospitals to keep track of any females born with.
such a mark. In recent years, the cult has retrieved other
ecords through the electronic superhighway, constantly
ning for any information on a woman marked with the
crescent.

Two hundred years ago a powerful vampire cla
be a Ravnos elder approached me
with startling information, The vampire insisted that the
Romani, or Gypsies, were the most likely people to produce
daughter of Eve.

‘When questioned by a pane! of cult leaders, the Ravnos

ning to
bers of the cult in Paris

sing the Gypsies. He
pointed out that the Romani had been remarkably adepe at
keeping information about themselves away from not only
‘mortals but from vampires as well. Yet at certain key points
in history Gypsies were invariably present, though th
direct effect on the proceed

dred and
le gawkers.

notions, the mysterious
ced that he had none. Gypsies kept no paperwork
id other peoples always seemed to overlook the Romani in
to call them pests and criminals, At this
point the panelists were alme

elder et

certain that the mysterious
fempting to pull

in your precious Book of Nod? How has one group of
kine escaped your immortal scrutiny?"

This provoked the elders into studying the Gypsies. The
more they attempted to de
the more they felt their strange visitor might have been.
correct. At frst the cult merely attempted to monitor the
Gypsies as it did the other peoples of the world. Howe
eluded such scrutiny with ridiculous ease. Unused to the
cult's machinations being foiled by mere
again and much debate ensued.
the Gypsies' elusiveness, the elders had

seem topoint towards
ing somehow marked by fate. The cult's
1 the last daughter of Eve was to be born tothe
Rom increased when one elder overheard a tale of a woman
named "Evania" (which loosely translates to "daughter of
Eve") from whom the Gypsies were apparently descended.

nd categorize the Roman

1 the panel met

Appendix: Gehenna Cults

jpanua porowios 20u J ‘pouasso] ApuRoyUBis
9q pinom euuayao jo wvaryp atp pue ypueg uo podden so19ey
‘4p Aonsap 4yuo paau pynom ano ayp uD, "yreg axp woy
Uerpeoy yo ano Apuaueuniad ue> Aovp ureda> axe su9pyp aq.
‘sour atp avejndruew 02 woy aumuusaiap we> Aatp J "eIpeDay
wo} ssaxfo pue ssaitfur jo sujod ajqissod je Suruwarp
(01 4o4 94p 51 tpaxoyioop Asad py ‘soury 49] Jo waned axp
poouilauo> ze sioquiguss.ajn9 axp yo uyent9c) sau] Aa, yp203,
ayp jo dew ai9jduioo v pure ‘sasodind uoneruawadx9 103
poojq o1aey pue aurdn ‘oltrus Jo seta ‘sidyussnuew auaqoue
‘sown yeojfew snoxsuinu sureruo> rep yBinguipy Jo 4219
{ysmioag oxp ur Azeagy saqsuoaxo ur suyEUyoUE 39 OK
‘10] 91298) pur o¥Seu Suysjoauy sionew Ut
‘si9pj9 jo pouzva] sous ayp uo are ae PUIN 94240 $194
-watu a4) "oiedsaqur siaquuot ax0U 40 9U0 ‘ANAnoe a}.9Ry
Tenuaiod jo sodas szeay dnoxS ayp soasuaygy "spua8a] pur
s9yea Aaj aua}ou0 or uNoDde saL|NAKD IUDLIN Wo} Buy
-Aiuea ‘saqs00y Uo uoReUIO,UT §929}]09 aAeA ~PUIN a
*Ajaveypauus wayp soweuyuuzaa a} sBuyoq yons s29A0981p
‘AN BUIN atp UaK YBno"pTE uoREArAsqo dLTduIeA Woy
adape Ajqeaseuias ogv suyjaBuey> asouyy "sueuNY
puv sowoy jeuow Supoadsnsun sanua
NOYES ‘payqu> axe Aaxp sw ,sAunjasuEYP,, 40 ‘sayZ9B) Yang
sauvjd otp Yo danse AppuasaN ase ‘sinods Isvay a" 40 ‘sdoon,
auae) aoueape aeup aaayjaq ano ayp Jo siaquaur AUDYY
‘wlatp azyunnou astauaypo 40 deanud ‘9x09
nxjed Ypns 49A09N1p AaKp aM A9AIUYLAY
{A J]e9 Swop|> 9wOs sw UOPLAY 10) eIpEDHy Jo wPeDI 99K}
a4p tuo} sarnos ajqissod Sut s9AODSIp O1 se [Jam Sw "IE UO
Apiua1in> souoey AUW Ano 2004 O1 UDAtAP axe ADXLL "WIE]D SIA
jo Aunpea99 ay Jo paoutauoo Apaann age sispyno aso4p omod
pure sodioa jo oumveu yp Uo sayoayp UMO 41942 OD
fo yo0g] tp yo suond9s uHeU99 01 FuNUIOg
‘euUaK]aO :puo axp jo HuyUUysag axp
AN PUN 4p TBD ORE Aayp Fy "uM SIA
exp ured99 ame siaquiaws {NC} "PlAoM axp 01 saLsDey yo wMDL
ayp Surajoaut uoneuuosut Xue Jo ainsind si UP snouoda.
sprejnonuaed 1 ayn ay, ‘s91298) 40 ‘syprs axp Jo uondANsap
ayy Uo sioiua> yoene sajn> axp Jo Buosd pump ax
-sounueys afew uonpesy Jo uoneDo]
04 pe soniianioe Aana20UyD9,, 30 sdi-i9A09 1UgU
Jowes0qe} JtoYp 40} BuIpuny Jo wo, axp Uy SAMO
pie sajna ayp yo asoyy "woddns sitp jo wouy dypemaoe sa8eu
{ypns aay e Apu ynowpye ‘si9pl> asaup yo SupAPeq ayp 9464,
staouewouypay, axp AIUD "S9}t|eas ayo O7 sjendoW J9yO
Josato ayp Suruado toys woyp dooy snp pur sa8eur s,yp2eg,
24 Jo a80u Aonsep 01 pourwusDrap st 3]n> axp *4ppUoDI9g
purH Peg Hy
Jo apy Aue o1 diyssoquow sostya pu 1980]9 4949 paspury
IIe Jo Uonsnasap axp Hung Aju Aayp FurAdyq ‘spoyou
stotp pur reqgeg ayp soupeo] ane 9) BUIN ay, ‘suoNDAUOD
su yeaq oy sauiduuea due Sursonsop Aq aperanbseyy ay

ayy Buy
-u9so8

2p] au uMshyg

Sururerutew sjpasou¥Be soajoauy und assy ayy -eUUDyO,
Sunsav 0) uvjd ploanp v sey aavay YUN my
eoteu 20 affuens sionew
anoge Aay]npas> 8 a1{gnd Jeuows axp ure LUTEW or SuId}ay snp
‘(ay and azawio4 axp se) AanJe01 Jo uondaouo9 ance suEWNY
‘4p Woy paroiutas sourdwrea jo aauais}xa axp. soo} ospe a]
ojjveure> atp wy paspury axp jo aouaisixa axp apry asn{ ue
‘240uu s90p apexanbseyy a4yp ‘siapja aso on HuIpuosoy
‘sodion
‘woyy adeaso stomp a19jdwo> pur ypiuons soy upuTeM
‘01 apa 94p Jo poo}g aya Uo p99} ox padu yim suETAN]|paUy.
Luasue Aymou ay ay saaaT|aq Ose 3] ax CUUDYPO
‘uo Suq pue urese 92u0 ayem o2 a}qU 99 Im SUETAN]|PIUY.
2p eAaMoY ‘aseasout oye Jo TUNOWE ay PInoy
‘ayqeas auan9 aya ur ajgeyteae sontuous yeo}Seu
J \pteap au Aq sodior onur po2i0y an samod UNO
rou) 4q padde>ipuey Apuauin9 axe sueranyparuy aya ‘sui
-Dop 31N9 01 BUIpAOD9y POO} PUODD® >Xp, 20 ,POOL| aMp,
‘waas Aayp Ypryat jana] JeOnUD w soyDKDL PHM aUp UF eu
2p Uay ane ta euUDYPS awYp 9Aa}[9q (w9Od LosALTUD |
 saye paweu) aavqy YUN aXp jo soquiow ay,
at] 01 YAH € 20 sOYINg tonO,
0681 tpapunog

SARA HIUIN OL,

*pomouwy sey Yoseds aajesanqo x00
242 Jo adoos axp apy ‘sur atp jo somau UoNCULO;
pu spendsoy otp sionuow Aypor aeya uonoey axp st sq,
{9ydoad umo sty Aes19g soureY € pjnom AYA ‘ye IBY "IND
poyuead, 4]]nyss999ns popu sey oy UeLAEeP
goxd s9pj> snouaiskws ayy wet pur saysdagy
‘4p Yo YpnUUaAO PasNdo} sey IND axpL aeYA sisIsUE_UoRDRy
Ui pur ‘paryp ax, "uondo aqqeta AJuo axp st ‘swyNoRe
lu 9g Jo aanynup ase] 942 pu uiayp onuod pu 1or!uoWL
61 dunduone aysneu or awo> avy saisdAG axp Aonsap
(01 suoye jpe 9aus arp suFMUFEUE LOND" puDDd>S a4LL "809,
Sujog 19a wos umed ayp Furdaoy puw xls axndudord
e Suneur snip "aprooust re suoyo $1} anunuod pjnoys n>
4p aetp sisi snows asayp yo say a4 "ang yo anysinep sey
yp 2onpond ym sais ay BYPIYR JOON
ays. 942 NYPL suoNde) damtp APUaIND aae ax9qy
"og st 9484
Uumed axp jonto> o1 sapso ur waip Sund9201d ‘nuuodU a4
sdleypad ‘sandures saypo ag asus auotp weep asisuy ACY ">
29] 01 sno.a8uvp oor axe saIsdAC ayp IeYp a]N9 axp Jo s19qUIOW
2p paounauos raypiny sexy swOY> 389q ,S19p]> 942 9pHy> 01
‘uy joaoendod jjeurs says sp yoAnmge AUUEDUN aK
-suryd prey Ayryaies ,s9pyp axp Jo I
-2tuos aavy saisdin atp "AjareuMIO;UP|‘paney sty Jo 99190,
Jayo ayp Yam Suope ruewoY ayp Aonsap or suE|d $9}
potioddns uaa pur aoejd suo ut apr9s 01 sated SuID30}
cau siuauudA08 areyndiuew or pordwone sey IN ay
‘aqq Jo Ja1yfnep ou aonposd pyno> Aaxp auoU 2396 2194p jt
etp Buruoseas ‘saisdK axp Aonsap 01 paproap ayn 94

ODI9A0 MOY


Cult of Enlightenment
Founded: 510
‘The Cult of Enlightenment is one of the smallest of the

forelders. In fact, much of the cult's membership is currently
in torpor.

The cult believes that the only reliable method of
keeping Gi
universal enlightenment tooccur. The original protagonists
of this theory were a triad composed of an elder from each of
the Salubri, Trimisce and Nosferatu clans. N.
elders has been seen in more ¢

rena from occurring is for some form of semi

ne of these

a millennium, and it is
unknown if they are still active, in torpor or destroyed

When the cult first formed, the members

smptes
meet with all manner of enlightened beings. Conversations
with Tibetan monks, aborigine wise women, powerful mages,

elder Lupines and other seekers of knowledge-with-under

standing produced a variety of impressions on the meaningof
enlightenment to both the individual and to the world as @

whole. The triad recorded these conversations and their
resulting hypotheses on a series of scrolls, whose
ber has been variously recorded as eigh 1B
Modern vampiric scholars do not know the true number
of scrolls of enlightenment. The cult claims to ha
the oti

three of

al scrolls in its possession, and its m

constantly searching for more. A number of cultists believe
that certain magesare in possession of some of the scrolls, and

they are attempting to discover the truth of the matter. It has

also been rumored that the canaille association known as the
Arcanum has one of the scrolls. The current leaders of the

Cultof Enlightenmenthope this isnot the case or, ifs, that

the scroll contains no direct references to the Kindred.

In the past the Cult of Enlightenment has worked hand
in hand with other like-minded individuals towards the
spiritual awakening of intelligent beings of all sorts. In

particular, they encourage new vampires tojoin the cult, and

to proceed from there to Gi

lconda, For many centuries

bers of the cult had great success at achieving this
enlightened state. Today, however, the number of cultists
aching Golconda has dropped dramatically, and some of

sported successes may very well be shams. This marked

decline is due to a combination of two factors.

The firstimportant cha
Inquisition, when several prominent members of the cult
were destroyed after broaching the topic of enli

with certain high-ranking membersof the Church. Insteadof
achieving a new understanding of Western culture, the
vampires merely confirmed their existence to the rabid
hunters. This incident still causes many elders to speak
disparagingly of the Cult of Enlightenment, and since then.

its members have gradually become more insular. Today, few

Appendix: Gehenna Cults


1

Trt

The Older the Blood

Immortal, they've lived for centuries, existing on the blood of thousands
and watching all they love age and die. They've seen their own power
ebb and flow and watched humans come and go, building and
destroying. They've sired childer, made ghouls, formed alliances, begun
ind battled former allies. They've existed on the brink, and
now their emotions are dying.

romance

| The Deeper the Pain

For the more the elders experience, the more it takes to touch them.
The entertainments of the past mean nothing to them, and the only way
to fight the waning of the soul is with constant stimulation
and more powerful emotions — hatred, anger and rage. Only
in this way can the ancient undead feel alive.

Elysium: The Elder Wars includes:

* Systems for creating elder characters, characters who can
date back millennia;

© The unique view elders have on the world around them,
how to add them to a chronicle and how they manipulate

. others; and
© The secretive Gehenna cults and the elders who
join them.
