# File: Enchanted.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

G ‘" 4 N's

<

rr ek Le we en | NEE RB. wm BS 2 * Wire
b a
re
SEB,

I


Written by: Steve Kenson

Developed by: Ian Lemke

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Aileen Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Robby Poore

Art: Andrew Bates, Jeff Holt, Rebecca Guay, Patrick
Beel, Brian LeBlanc, Rick O'Brien

Border Art: Henry Higgenbotham

Front Cover Art: Terese Nielsen

Front and Back Cover Design: Robby Poore

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews. White Wolfisa registered trademark
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Changeling the Dreaming, The Enchanted, Nobles The
Shining Host and Changeling Players Guide are trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://
www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

The Enchanced

Special Thanks to:

Mike "I'm very fast" Tinney, for all those successes.

Greg "Spin Doctor" Fountain, for knowing just what
to say.

Richard "Casting Couch" Dansky, for deciding who
makes the cut.

Tan "Prince of Clarkston" Lemke, because his word is
law!

Cynthia "Scream Queen" Summers, for dressing to
impress.

Scanned by Otha.

Edited by Ivan Krenyenko.
Special Release for the one
and only rpg hub named
RPG BOOKZ ' N' SCANS.

Meet us via dc++ on
rpgbookz.dyndhs.org.

Enjoy !!!


Contents

</)\ Incroduction: A Leccer Nome yf
Chapzer One: Kichand Kin 9
) Chapter Two: The Enchanted 20
S / Chapzer Three: The Turning Wheel yy
g | Chapcer Four: Kinain Characcers




Dod worry aoout me, brn Gine. Wn Get, Yon beTTer Than Kine. 16
you proraise. you WotT worry abodT wes
Remember When we Were HTTe and we lived in The coualry |
EF Tow we used To —P oT and ‘ \woods belwind The \
we were heres odT in The Wildemes <
big vock oG¥. Soy The Streany Maal \nad all The wess Srowin
Sor us To'defend Grom The hordes o€ monsters Thal wr
\ Woo we never Told aryore. aloodT sone. o€ The Things Thal we 3) and saw When we
were OT The Wools, | guess we JET warted To uve some Things Thal \were 5; j
ST Soe us, and \ Wow nak some sounded Ki \ate Ff
people around, WT wos We There was another world 4
Erg we were toll. There is anptlher world od There, and we Mew WT even"
been There asain, and Tals Where. We. epee, Now beGore you decide Thal your Te
sone Totally rau) oul, story, \ how,
bor | swear 77


ATARI

oF

Anning abeodT Mhings. \ Weal There are) Cay away

Started €ghting or When They <elT like ross
Vwes ine pack one doy, Sing of Ty
Kind 0€ 65 and al and

rom. Mp0 ond Dad) ven They
WAG ON me. douT STUCE,

S Heal 0K \ Gund rear The Tees Thar \was
repssy, a BiG Grand alnen Bind 0€ cock teThe ane Wwe used To play
on Raywoy \ wag: Sing There When \ saw The EST leks at we. Gory The, ede o€
The Tees, | was kid of surprised, \ mean, | BOAT THAR There. Were. any anienals excesT
sauurels and Pigeons in The pack, boT There was Tis tile

brown rdloliT SMTing Tere koking :
al we, Te was =} ole, ard Ie wiggled lis nose and nibbled 0a gress,

\ was akrcidTo wove because V8BAT Worl To scare ier EG x \
waded him, and he Stared back aT me,

Then all o€ a saben
gross. | FESS seething scared. Win \ was say To see bi

JST Sal Mere and
he ST Ssoppenred ‘Alo The
B08 \ weal bak howe,

\ Wwea®l back The. nexT day, ard Mere Ine \was again, We sat There Slaring af me,
wiggling his rose, \ Thought Thar he \was aetually sili
Ws raed explain. | sal and watched him ora Tile While, and Ihe sat and Wwalehed
me Aight back, Then | sti o€éThe rock very carefully, \ dog T
TT SAT chser and Fl a beer wk a hm, The. radT S8AT Gun! ne UST sl There.
wallching me The Whyle Time, \woved as slhw as'\ aide Fl vp rear im, and he
BOAT wove a muscle, | SAT Maik he was scare) o€ we ar all,

\When | Hl preny chose, he can a tle Ways WTo The \woods, \Thouslar aboooT chasing
him, bOT Ine. STopped aboot BO Gear To The: \woods wand locked ack aT we We Ine:
was expecting me To Glow In, So | 33, Wren' \

BV alps chose. enous To Toudy
ln This Twine, Ine "Took, OE again and can Gorter WATOThe \Wwoods, P,

m5 a me, a rabobil somh of smile,

Know. Why, | jUsT wanted

veTTY soon, | was
running a€len lain, and he! Swas tuning <ull speed around Trees and under loushes,

Whenever \ThougaT V3 lost lings he would "slow up jusT cose enough so \ auld see (-
hing and cates up Te linn asain, Then he disappeared under a Tree, and \ sTopped numning.

Thal''s wren \TroughT oko how long \3 been auming, The packs PENY bis, LOTT seemed)
We | We) been wuming Ge bows and | am
Wees o angling Chey alll ok,

wos Til mW The woods, | 3ST reaize wy of Te,
PETTY mud Te sine), and |

Started To ware +€ | was bs
send OT dogs To tok Gor we, Uke Gr WSs Ws BT kT on king
Tes: | wes Starling To BT veal \worvied cose Pilg oF o€ There beanie 7 was STorTy
71 AT dad ard The, woods were. kind I

0€ spooky, Whal's Wrens Hy showed up,
Me said, Sou aunia god voce and | 5 3 OT o€ e \ ON

W/ ATT, Ne Isked Kind a€ the Seey Lavsrerve exesT
Go The lng green aat be \us wearing and his ears, Ye. Wa) ma GT ears STS up Sem
Ws head, and This ie Wise Suan Tall poking oo 06 The bod' 3€ Ins cat) +P was 2 weird
\ wal have. Greaked a Lit Te kicked around) tke be wanted see +6 anpore was \STening,
and T8d me Tal TT wos okay and There \was rathing To be a€rad 6€ \BY lw Thal he
doviously WadAT lnked va a meron lately and he UST soiled ar me. ond) said Thal sometimes .
The SUSE The muvor can be scary,
\asked Winn what his mame was, and he sad ne, MST Tell me than, ‘Names ace: wcor lal,
be said Stu LAT ack doo Then aglal o€€ Bor be sad Thar evenone called Ini Bugs,
and War \ ad call hing Thar :€ | wanted To Re ddar even ask we wy came, bor laler

The Enchanced

aD aaraalveareals

Cs

on We (ST Wrew Th When \ asked lin coat Wis ears and who he wos, hed we.
This STory dood? nin escaping Gro This annpany Wal des genetic experens avbowing
oniwnnls and people, and Then runing Alo a Wildn Wro cursed ln To be Forever in ba Tween
Ws human and anna naluves. We sad Thay he knew doodT a Tiles 0€ Wwerendbistls That
Wed The Gres? on) Ved To eT people smetives, LOT TWAT le was okay and ddAT
JoTal, \ was Slang Wo beleve inn When Lisp showed up. Youre, already Mainking We.
ks \ Wp WOT There's wore,

Lisp wos a Shen) o€ Bugs, She was Tall and pale and wore Tis: black dvess
Vike she {UST came Eran someloody's Cuneral. She Talked ia aywhispec Mal made me
all slavery, oT Bugs said she was Kay. Usp sad Wal she, wos a Loerie (yp, ror
Wee wa aypeer' — a veal Gaer'e, like Beian Froud's TEL) and so was Bugs (yo water
Whal he Tied To Tell me). They nad been waldning me Sor a While, Bugs was

The rabbi Ta? \ had seen When | was on The rock, and ne could do magic Vike changing
AR a raddT and Wpwing my name WiThodT even asking, She said There Were a
bundw 0€ SThrer Kaeries who were Their riends Tal liked To. hang ofl in The park
sometimes, and Thal she and Bugs warted me To weél Them,

She said That \ had exough Kaer'e blod ia me Thal Bugs was able To make WT
so Tat \ could see wing and The other Kaeries, Myst people cant see the Gaeries because

They SoAT believe in Them, We Tinkerbelle in Péter Pan, Ws hard To séT people. To
see TMaings Whey SAT believe in, \ guess. Bor because Vw part Soerie, Bugs cold
use is magic To eT me. see ling and Ws Eriends.

Vad Tena that \ wes sure SAAT have any Keeres ia wry Sorry, bot Lisp said Thar
smilies VT skips a gereralion, and \ remercbered The way Grantors wos before she ded,
Moy dhways sad Thal she wos an emloanrassmel lecause she was 3 exeAc ool \ dhyweys
Thougar Thal she wos Sun | really missed her When sve ded. She. Used To bbe sudn a Lora,
and) vedly great To be around, She hays seemed Vike she Was youngee Than Mon

Praywoy, \ wel ave 0f€ Buss' Srerds, ard \ vedly We Them, Even Lisp Os Kd
o€ spaky) 's wa Meter \ od nung OT With Thre Gor a While, VTA Ten all doooT Low
living aT ome. really sucks, and vow Mp and Do5 gve we tobe dl the Te. They ceally
understood an sid That \ cold are and live WIN Then Tree spl secret Wdey-spols al
oer The ple, plads Thal requar people GAT even vee, WT wos 9 gear \ sad yes,

Please doiT be M703, Erie \ wal oulo come and see me in The Ereelnold soon.

promised me Thal \ cold Talk To you soméTes When mobody else is around,
so WI be in Toudn, Maybe | can show you The <reelnold se Maal's okay Witla The duke
(eal, a veal royal d¥e9), \ doAT know Gor sure When TWll be — Time is Kind of

Lunny here, 0 Ws ard To Tell, Bor \ promise | worT SorgeT cloodT you. You just

have To see This place, DoAT worry abo me, big lorother, Kal ding Ray You Take
care o€ yoursel and Vil see you soon, \ promise,

Love,

Incroduczion


Dear Mr. and Mrs. Shaunessy,

You did the right thing in bringing Sarah's letter to my attention.
I'm sure that it will be helpful in locating her and getting her the
help that she obviously needs. I have already passed the information
along to the police, and I believe that it confirms my diagnosis of a
deep traumatic hallucinatory state.

Obviously the loss of her grandmother has been difficult for Sarah, and
she has internalized some of her conflicted feelings over that event, causing
her to retreat into this childhood fantasy world where she can feel some
special connection to her grandmother that disconnects her from you, her
parents, as part of an adolescent rebellion stage.It is a good sign that
she still feels some connection with her brother, and he must be encouraged
to help her to overcome this fantasy that she has created. It is important
that he not encourage Sarah to persist in her fantasy or otherwise validate
it, or she will have more difficulty in realizing the truth and recovering.
I£ she does contact Eric, it is vital to have people on hand who can help
Sarah and prevent her from retreating deeper into her delusions.

Of great concern to myself and the police are these people that Sarah
talks about who describe themselves as "faeries." It is entirely possible
that these people are nothing more than figments of Sarah's imagination,
but it is more likely that they are people whom she is assigning roles
in her fantasy environment. It is very likely that they are dangerous.
At the very least they are encouraging Sarah's fantasy life.

t worst, Mr. and Mrs. Shaunessy, I fear that drugs or other substance
abuse might be a concérn. It is entirely possible that Sarah encountered
these people in the park, and that they lured her away from home with the
promise of an escape from her life and the difficulties of dealing with her
real family, providing an adoptive "family" more suited to her fantasies.
I have already informed the police that these people may be members of a
gang or other criminal organization, that they are possible accessories to
kidnapping and should be treated with caution. I do not think that they will
harm Sarah, but it is important that we get her back as soon as possible.

If you should discover any other information that you think might
help us locate Sarah's present whereabouts, no matter how small, please
contact Lieutenant Carmichael or myself. Anything could be helpful. If
you hear from Sarah, or learn that she has contacted her brother, please
inform us immediately.

I definitely recommend against employing one of these so-called
"psychic investigators." I have found that they are frauds who deal in
false hope while taking you for all of the money they can. Be assured
that we are doing everything that is possible to find your daughter and
return her to you. Please do not compromise our investigation with
amateurs or fakes. I will continue to be im touch.

sympathies,

The Cnchanced


Adouc This Book

The Enchanted is a sourcebook for Changeling: The
Dreaming. It describes the mortals who associate with
changelings and become a part of their lives, those who
have faerie blood and those who are enchanted by the
power of Glamour. It also describes some aspects of of
changelings' own mortal sides, how they age and progress
through life, and the many different rites of passage they
encounter along the way such as growing up, marriage,
children, old age and, eventually, death.

The later chapters of the book provide information
for players and Storytellers to use for creating kinain
characters and even running an entire kinain chronicle.
This material can be used to include the kinain in an
existing Changeling chronicle or to start a new story of
kinain characters.

Theme

The theme of this book is mortality. The faerie folk
and the dreams they represent may be eternal, but humans
are not. By allying themselves with human seemings to
protect themselves from Banality, changelings have en-
tered into the world of mortality from their immortal
paradise. They are now faced with the trials and travails
that mortals face every day of their lives. Mortality means
work, struggle, change and, ultimately, an end. The kinain
and the humans that changelings enchant represent the
mortal side of their own natures, and can help the Kithain
to understand their own morality.

Mortality is also a source of hope for changelings. It
provides them some protection against Banality that the
hothouse flowers of Arcadia do not have. Mortality is
about survival and refusal to surrender in the face of defeat.
Even though mortals know that they will eventually die,
they continue on with their lives and make something of
them. They seek immortality through other means, by

being in touch with their own inner Dreaming and creat-
ing things that will outlast them. It is this kind of creation
that makes Glamour and, originally, made the Kithain
themselves, embodiments of human Dreaming.

In a way, changelings are the immortal nature of
humanity. They are the creative force that lives on after
mortal life has passed. They are the embodiment of dreams
and nightmares, born of human hearts and minds, now
learning what it means to be human.

(Dood

The mood of The Enchanted is one of wonder and
newness. The kinain and the enchanted are given the
opportunity by the Kithain to look upon the world with
new eyes, to see things that others cannot see, and to
experience some of the fading world of magic and myth
that all humanity once knew. They are reawakened to the
childlike sense of imagination where anything is possible,
and dragons and faeries live in the deep, dark woods away
from the lights of civilization.

This sense of discovery can be both wonderful and
terrible. The fae are the embodiments of human dreams
and nightmares, and the discovery of their world can be a
pleasant or a frightening experience for a mortal. Some
enchanted mortals manage to recapture some of their
innocence. Others encounter the less forgiving elements
of changeling society, dark things that whisper in the
shadows, or they are pursued through the streets and
woods by nightmares brought to life.

Either way, no mortal visits the enchanted world of
the fae and comes away from it unchanged. Even if the
Mists later cloud their memories of the experience, those
people always retain the wonder, joy and terror that they
felt while there. All of the enchanted take some small
spark of the Dreaming back to the mortal world with them,
and in the end, they may be the last great hope of the fae
to survive the deepening chill of Winter.

Incroduecion



"If you had the blood, you'd know it."

"How?"

"You'd just know. You'd be able to work your magic,
you'd feel it in your bones."

— Bellamy Bach, "Gray" from Borderlands

Kinain are the mortal cousins of the faerie, possessed of
some amount of Faerie Blood that makes them different from
other mortals but not full changelings. Even more so than
changelings, kinain stand between the worlds of Banality and
the Dreaming. Some kinain are marked with unusual traits by
their Faerie Blood. Many also have strange abilities known as
Fae Gifts, some of which can be controlled and others that are
wild and unpredictable. Some go through life completely
unaware of their fae natures, and others are taken by the
Kithain into motleys and freeholds through enchantment,
making them a valuable part of the changeling community.

Discory of che Kinain

Shakespeare once said: Life is pretty stupid, with lots of
hubbub to keep you busy, but really not amounting to
much... I'm paraphrasing, of course.

— Steve Martin, L.A. Story

Inthe Mythic Age, faeriesandhumansmingled freely with
many of the othercreatures of legend—werewolves, magesand
fantastic beasts of all kinds. Many fae took mortal paramours or
even wedded mortals for love, and from these couplings came
the first kinain, folk of both human and Faerie Blood, mortals

with Glamour flowing in their veins. Most of these first kinain
became great heroes: warriors, wizards, sages and poets.

Many of the great figures of legend were born kinain. The
Irish warrior CuChulain wasbom ofasidheanda mortal woman,
while the wizard Merlin has been claimed to be the offspring ofa
mortal woman and aspirit that Christian scribes claimed was the
Deviloran incubus, butwhich the fae believe wasasidhe or satyr.
Their fae heritage gave these people abilities beyond those of
other mortals. Sometimes their fae kin aided and advised them

When the time of the Sundering came, a gulf grew between
the faeand mortals. In many lands, those with Faerie Blood came
tobe looked uponas tainted rather than blessed, and the fae were
mistrusted and feared. Humanity began to shut the Dreaming
from their hearts, and couplings between fae and mortal became
fewer. The fruits ofsuch unions were either spirited away by their
faeparentsfrom thejealousy ofhumanity, orleftwith theirhuman
families and raised ignorant of their heritage.

TheShatteringsignaledtheendofcontactbetween Arcadia
and Earth, as the gates between realms slammed shut in the face
of Banality. Commoner fae took refuge in human bodies (and
human lifespans) to conceal themselves from the icy scourge of
disbeliefand hostile world in the throes of plague, warand witch
hysteria. Without the support of Arcadia, the Kithain's struggle
to survive those early years was desperate indeed.

Asa result, the exile of the Kithain from Arcadia caused
thenumber of kinain bom into the world to increase for the first
time since the beginning of the Sundering. The Glamour
concealed within Kithain mortal seemings was passed on to
their children and their children's children. Although few of

Chapcer_ One: Kueh and Kin


those born to Kithain and mortal parents were themselves
Kithain, many evinced signs of their fae heritage in gifts of
imagination, Glamour and magic.

The Kithain believe that many of the great artists and
wondermakers who broughthumanity out of the Dark Ages were
kinain or human dreamers inspired by fae muses, who sought to
fan thefiresofGlamourfrom the emberspreserved in kinainsouls.
The darkness gave way to light eventually, but the age of wonder
andmyth thatthe faerie folk had once knownseemed forever lost.

Faerie Blood spread through families and clans who
were friends of the fae. Sometimes the blood would not make
itself known for several generations, then suddenly appear in
achild who was clearly faerie-touched. Humans made pacts
and honored long traditions of trust with the fae, but the
clans and families to do so became fewer as time went on.
Always the Kithain were forced to withdraw to protect
themselves from the ravages of humanity's growing Banality.

As areas grew more cosmopolitan and cities sprang up
like weeds, the rural folk became the only ones to honor their
ties with the fae. The people of Ireland and the Scottish
Highlands, Gypsies, farmersand those who lived with the land
recalled the charms and traditions to seek the goodwill of the
faeries,and honored themstill. The restofhumanity forgotthe
embodiments of their dreams in their quest for science,
enlightenment and progress.

The Kithain's ties with their mortal kin helped to
sustain them through these times, and intermarriages
resulted in several clans and families with some degree of
Faerie Blood in them. Many wandering bands of change-
lings included kinain, who were some of the only mortals
who could understand the strange nature of their fae
cousins and help them to survive in the mortal world.

The Resurgence and the Accordance War put kinain in
an awkward position. For the most part, kinain whostill held
ties with their commoner faerie kin sided against the nobil-
ity, and they were often great allies. Few kinain sided with
the nobility, who preferred not to involve those they viewed
as little better than humans. When the commoners won
their rights from the nobility, they also won them for some
of their mortal kinfolk, or so they thought.

In the aftermath of the Accordance War, Kithain
society became a labyrinth of feudal loyalty and intrigue. In
such a society, kinain were at a distinct disadvantage. Those
who had the protection of fae mentors were able to secure
places for themselves as servants and vassals, while other
kinain were exploited and treated as little better than slaves.
No kinain attained noble status, although there were some
nobles who were sympathetic to mortal and kinain causes.

Today, most of the kinain in the world are ignorant of
their heritage. They may have an occasional flash of insight
or a hint of the True Dreaming, but most are too mired in


Banality to notice any longer, Some kinain become dream-
ers, following the drives of their Faerie Blood, but not even
all of them learn the truth about who and what they are.

Of che Blood

And when you find your magic, do not do as I have
done. Do not turn your back and run.

— Bellamy Bach, "Gray" from Borderlands

To be kinain, a person needs some degree of Faerie
Blood. Any trace of the blood, no matter how small, is
enough to qualify. But like most things of Glamour and the
Dreaming, fae heritage is a tricky and sometimes capricious
thing. It can skip generations, or only appear in certain
members of a family; an investigation of someone's family
tree can turn up signs of Faerie Blood in the line, usually in
the form of eccentric relatives and "black sheep."

WUhere Kinain Come -rom

Kinainare usually born ofachangeling anda mortal or two
changelings. About 15-20% of those with one changeling
parent are changelings themselves, while about 40-50% of the
children of two changelingsare changelingsas well. The restare
kinain. Itis also possible for Faerie Blood to skip a generation ot
twoso that parents who are fully mortal (butstill faerie kin) can
haveakinain or (more rarely) changelingchild. While thereare

probably more kinain in the world than changelings, kinain are
also mote likely to slip between the cracks and be overlooked,
so the exact number of people with Faerie Blood is unknown.

Mortal parents are often unprepared for a child in touch
with the Glamourand end up forcing Banalityon them ("Why
don'tyougrow upandact yourage?") todeal with it. Changeling
communities sometimes kidnap kinain children in order to
prevent their fae heritage from being extinguished entirely
beneath the smothering blanket of Banality.

Changelings that have kinain children often raise them in
changeling society, although kinain who live too long among
the fae risk becoming Dream-struck (see "Becoming Dream-
struck" in Chapter Two). To prevent this, some changeling
parents foster their kinain and mortal children with mortal
parents, sometimes taking away a fae child in exchange and
arranging occasional visits to freeholds and the world of the
Dreaming that will nor endanger thet childna's Snity-Chil-
dren seem to be far more resilientand resistant to the dangers of
becoming Dream-struck or driven mad by the experience of the
Dreaming, most likely because their minds have not yetbecome
set in the rigid patterns imposed by Banality.

Thispattern of fosterage wascommon in theolddayswhen
changelings would take a faerie child from mortal parents and
leaves mortal child of Hieir community in its place Some of
these abandoned fledglings, both kinain and mortal, discover

their heritage only after years of searching or strange chance
encounters. The truth drivessome ofthem tobecome Dauntain
and consider their fae lineage evil, while others want to rejoin
the community that first abandoned them.

Age

Unlike changelings, kinain have only a mortal self.
They age similarly to changelings — childling, wilder and
grump — but the:
mortal age (except for those kinain who have spent a great
deal of time in freeholds). Most kinain are not even aware of
their age by changeling reckoning. Applying such standards
tokinain is an afterthought on the part of many changelings.

stages are dictated more by the kinain's

With their fae nature diluted by their mortal blood,
kinain have different Tempers than their fae equivalents.
They have greater Banality and less Glamour for the most
part, and they are restricted by their level of Faerie Blood in
gaining and using what Glamour they might acquire.

Childling kinain are most like true changelings in their
acceptance of the Dreaming, their innocence and love of play.
Kinain can be quite close to the Dreaming at this age; if they
are lucky, they may be raised by changeling or kinain parents
who are aware of their natures and encourage the Glamour
within them. Most kinain childlings, however, live in the
mortal world with little orno contact with the fae realm (apart
from their own imaginations), so they learn to hide their fae
sides for fear of ridicule or punishment.

Beginning Glamour: 4

Beginning Willpower: 1

Beginning Banality: 2

Wilder is the stage when most kinain come into some
realization of their fae heritage, consciously or not. The time
of growth, change and rebellion is when kinain realize that
they are different from their mortal peers. Some come to
accept their difference and revel in it, while others repress it
(and accept Banality into their lives) in order to become
"normal" and fit in. Wilder kinain are the most likely to come
into contact with changelings and be patronized by them as
muses. As dreamers, they often have vivid imaginations and
creative spirits from their sparks of Glamour, making them
most suitable for changelings looking for someone to inspire.

Beginning Glamour: 3

Beginning Willpower: 3

Beginning Banality: 4

Grumps are very rare among the kinain. Those kinain
who have not become aware of their fae nature by the time
they reach adulthood and old age may never find it, trapped
as they are in Banality. Kinain grumps are banal enough that
most changelings consider them lost causes, although some
rare individuals resist enough to hold on to something of the

Chapzer_ One: Kich and Kin 13


Glamour they knew in childhood. These kinain are some of
the finest dreamers and visionaries, and can become signifi-
cant forces in changeling society if they choose. Kinain
grumps get their greatest sympathy from changelingchildlings,
who take a liking to them if they are kind-hearted and open-
minded, and changeling grumps, who see in the kinain a
reflection of how they themselves might be someday.

Beginning Glamour: 2

Beginning Willpower: 5

Beginning Banality: 6

RITAGE

Faerie Marksare the physical signs ofakinain's Faerie Blood.
These are holdoversfrom whateverkith the kinain ismost closely
related to, notunlike the mortal appearance ofa true changeling,
and can be an indication that someone is kinain. A satyr kinain
might be very hairy, asidhe kinain might be exquisitely beautiful,
anda pooka kinain might have slightly animalistic features such
as the skittishness of a deer or a ratlike face.

While Faerie Marks are usually subtle in nature, they are
dictated by how much Faerie Blood the kinain has. A kinain with
five dots in the Faerie Blood Background should have some more
obvious fae waits than someone with only one or two dots.
Sometimes the Faerie Marks become more pronounced with the
greateramountofblood, ormanifestassomethingelse altogether.
More extraordinary Faerie Marks can be mistaken for birth
defects or other deformities, and may even be considered Flaws
(see The Changeling Players Guide and Chapter Four). This is
particularly common in kinain of Unseelie heritage.

Boggan

The most common boggan marks are those of stature.
Boggan kinain are usually short and plump like their fae cousins,
oftenwith largenoses. They typically havenimblefingersandfind
themselvesworkingwiththeirhandsinsomeway, fromclockmaker
tosurgeon. Boggan kinain are especially prone to the Flaw Short.

Cshu

Kinain of eshu stock are typically dark-skinned and dark-
haired, with handsome features. They often have very pleasant
voices, and find careers using them as singers, DJs, actors or
orators. They also seem to have an innate sense of style within
theirsocial class and situation. The moststriking thingaboutan
eshu kinain is his eyes, which are always dark and tend to
manifest surprising qualities based on the amount of Faerie
Bloodhe has. Eshu kinain with high Faerie Blood Backgrounds
have extremely dark eyes, sometimesalmost black, flecked with
gold or silver that seems to shift and sparkle.

The Enchanced

Nocker kinain tend to get the short end of the stick when
it comes to looks. Their Faerie Marks are like the appearance of
their kin — twisted and sometimes ugly. Nocker kinain with
only a trace (one or two dots) of Faerie Blood have ruddy
complexions, particularly in the cheeks and nose, pale hair and
large hands. Larger degrees of fae heritage express themselves in
slightly pointed ears, knobby or gnarled fingers that still have a
surprising amount of manual dexterity and sharp canine teeth.
Nocker kinain are into grumbling and tinkering like their fae
cousins, and can most often be found in occupations that allow
them to work with machines and avoid people.

Pooka

There isno set Fae Mark forpooka kinain; all are as diverse
as the pooka themselves. Generally pooka kinain have a slight
animalisticcastto their features, which grows more pronounced
with greater degrees of Faerie Blood. Usually this gives the
kinain a certain "cute" quality like a rabbit, fox or cat, but for
some — particularly those with a strong Unseelie heritage —
the features may be sinister or downright ugly, like a rat or pig.
Pooka kinain are charming and confident, capable in any role
that involves dealing with people and making creative use of
words like sales or politics. Some also become word-artists like
poets, actors and writers. Pooka kinain are not compulsive liars
like their faerie kin, but they do tend to stretch the truth and
have a touch of the blarney in their natures.

Redcap

The only kinain who are worse off in looks than the
nockers are probably the redcap kinain. These cousins of the
fae bullies tend to be stocky and haveacomplex aboutit. They
typically have wide mouths that are always open, either to
shove something in them, orto heap abuse on the latest object
of their displeasure. While garbage and other nonedibles are
out of the question for them, they frequently have the cast-
iron stomach and constitution ofa billy goat that is every chili
cook's delight. Their skin is usually pale, sometimes with a
slight grayish tinge ifthe blood runsstrong. The mostclearand
obvious mark of the redcap kinain is the fact that all of them
have "the mark of the blood" — red hair. In fact, the stronger
the Fae Blood, the brighter the hair.

Satyr

Satyrkinainare most easily recognized by theirhair. Females
typically have long, enviably gorgeous tresses, while males are
quite hirsute, with a profusion of facial and body hair (leading to
a fondness for open shirts and gold chains). They tend to have
high foreheads and expressive features. Some satyr kinain havea
lame or clubbed foot, although most are talented athletes.


Satyr kinain are social animals, and prefer lives and
careers that allow them to meeta diverse range of people, not
to mention attending parties and other gatherings. They
have a particular affinity for music, and many can be found
in the industry as performers, producers or club owners.

Sidhe

Kinain ofsidhe heritage are the cover modelsand beautiful
people of the mortal world. Their fae heritage manifests in their
attractive features and perfect bodies. Sidhe kinain are less
ethereal and otherworldly than their fae cousins; their beauty is
tempered with a mortal transience that some faerie consider all
the more attractive. They usually have somewhat angular
features that become more pronounced according to their

degree of blood, along with unusual eye colors, particularly
green-gold and blue-violet. They carry themselves with an
innate air of nobility, even if they are completely unaware of
theirheritage, andsome are downright arrogant. It isinteresting
tonote that the kinain are looked down upon by many of their
fae cousins, who find their posturing and preening humorous.

Sluagh

Slaugh kinain can be considered fortunate or unfortunate,
depending on how one looks at it. They are fortunate —
according to many — to be spared the dismal existence of their
full-blooded cousins, but they are also cursed with a part of that
dark and brooding nature. Slaugh kinain tend to be thin and
gaunt, painfully so in
the cases of those
with a great deal
of Faerie Blood.

Their faces are

somewhatpinched, withsmall mouthsandslightlysunkeneyes.
Although not required to whisper like their kin, slaugh kinain
are usually soft-spoken. They also share their cousins' predilec-
tion for avoiding social gatherings, preferring to surround
themselves with solitary hobbies and collections. Most slaugh
kinain are quite shy and socially awkward.

Troll

Troll kinain are easy to spot ina crowd because nearly all of
them are large and powerfully built like their fae cousins. Troll
kinain are usually much larger than the average mortal,and many
of them have the Merit Huge Size. Those of Seelie heritage tend
toward fairhairandNordic features, while Unseelic heritage gives
way to darker hair and a coarser appearance. Troll kinain have a
reputation forslow wits thatisnotentirely deserved. Most ofthem
are simply more patient and thoughtful than the people they
interact with, giving them the appearance of being ploddingand
dim-witted. Troll kinain most often find work where their great
bulk can be of use, such as physical labor, but whatever they do,
they make use of their strength.

ODixed Background

The bloodlines of some kinain can be difficult to deter-
mine. Fae heritage can skip several generations, and the
influence on a lineage is sometimes mixed or jumbled by the
capriciousness of inheritance and Glamour. Such kinain may

have Faerie Marks from twoormore
differentkith, ornew marks that
donotappear to be related to

any known kith. Kinain

born of twochange-

ling parents

are often


The Enchanced

afflicted in this manner. These kinain, especially those with
high degrees of Faerie Blood, may have strange physical and
mental deformities or quirks, and are prone to odd behavior.
Some changelings consider these kinain particularly touched
by the power of Glamour, while others point to them as signs
of the dangers of polluting the Faerie Blood through intermar-
riage.

Inshort, it is possible for the Storyteller or the player of
akinain character to assign virtually any Faerie Mark to the
kinain so longas it suits the nature of the story. Kinain with

particularly unusual marks might have difficulties in both

mortal and fae society based on the nature of the mark.

Legacies

Like their faerie cousins, kinain have Seelie and
Unseelie Legacies that are reflected in their personalities,
drives and inner struggles. Kinain who are ignorant of
changeling culture have no idea why they often feel so
conflicted about the differing sides of their nature, or are
driven by passions they do not fully understand.

Since they live almost entirely in mortal society, most
kinain at least try to follow their Seelie Legacies; their
Unseelie sides may lead them into illegal or dangerous
behavior. Of course, there are plenty of kinain who have
no interest in following the law, mortal or otherwise, and
who indulge their Unseelie sides freely. These can be very
dangerous kinain, since they are often both jealous and
fearful of the powers and Glamour of their faerie kinfolk.

Being Kinain

Perhaps even more than changelings, kinain are caught
between the worlds of faerie and mortality. They are mortal by
birth and nature, but they each carry a Birthright of Glamour
and marks of their faerie heritage that set them apart from other
mortals. Kinain walk the line between the two worlds, and it is
a delicate balancing act; leaning too much in either direction
can cause a kinain to fall, either into Banality and forgetfulness,
or into the depths of madness and Dream-struck stupor.

Their passionate natures, balanced between Glamour and
Banality, make kinain very effective dreamers, which is why
many changelingsattach themselves to kinainas muses. Kinain
often express their imagination and creative spirits through
some kind of art or performance, becoming avant- garde artists,
actors, writers or roleplaying gamers. They lose themselves in
worlds of imagination (that are poor and pale reflections of the
Dreaming), create elaborate fantasies, and have very rich
dream-lives—all grist forthe Glamourmill. A changeling muse
can help akinain artist to touch the real power of the Dreaming


through Glamour and enchantment, in return gaining some of
the Glamour generated by the artist's efforts.

Kinain are only barely aware of the Dreaming most of
the time. They have no fae mien or interaction with chimera
or other aspects of the Dreaming unless they are enchanted.

Glamour

Kinain do have some spark of Glamour, part of their
faerie inheritance. A kinain character cannot have more
Glamour than his level of Faerie Blood, and his starting level
of Glamour is determined by his seeming. If a kinain's
starting level of Glamour is higher than his amount of Faerie
Blood, it is reduced to that level. No kinain can ever have
more than five points of Glamour available to him.

The kinain's spark of Glamour is even more precious to
them because they have few means of gaining Glamour on
their own. They are too far separated from the True Dream-
ing to gather Glamour for themselves. Instead, kinain must
receive it as a gift from changelings, or through an act of self-
creation such as a Rapture.

Unfortunately, a kinain's inner Glamour makes him even
more vulnerable to Ravaging than normal mortals. The system is
the same as for Ravaging mortals (see Changeling: The Dream-
ing), except that the changeling does not need to establish any
kind of relationship with the kinain. A changelingcan simply rip
Glamour from a kinain with fairly little effort; many kinain have
had their spark of the Dreaming extinguished by greedy change-
lings who seized it from them without a second thought.

Kinain are capable of achieving Rapture, a state of com-
munion with their own inner Dreaming, and of drawing
Glamour from it. The system is the same as for changelings (see
Changeling: The Dreaming), though itisslightly more difficult
(all difficulties are increased by one). Few kinain succeed at the
kind of creative breakthrough needed toachieveaRapture,and
fewer still are consciously aware of what they have achieved.
The potential for Rapture is what drives many kinain into
creative fields, but the failure to achieve it drives just as many
into the depths of Banality. Frustrated and disillusioned with
their failures, these kinain eventually give up on the idea of
achieving Rapture and the power of Glamour.

Oross

Kinain highly value dross because it allows them to cast
cantrips without expending their own supply of Glamour.
Many kinain sorcerers and would-be wizards spend a great deal
of time hunting for and gathering dross for their own use. Dross
is also one of the more common means a kinain has of
replenishing her own Glamour without the aid ofa changeling.

Kinain can use dross in the same way as changelings do,
although they often havea more difficult time determining its

nature and quality. Dream stones, momentos and treasures
can be used by kinain to power their own cantrips. Chimera
and founts can be used to replenish a kinain's Glamour up to
the limit dictated by her Faerie Blood rating.

Some kinain even take up the highly banal artofchimera
hunting, inwhich theysteal chimerical items orhuntchimeri-
cal creatures in order to gain their Glamour. Since the kinain.
must be enchanted to interact with chimera, this usually
requires the aid of a changeling, but some Kithain have been
known to use capable kinain "hunters" as catspaws to rid
themselves of bothersome or dangerous chimera.

Cancrips

Since they have some amount of Glamour in their
natures, kinain can learn the Arts and Realms needed to cast
cantrips. Most never do, however, since such must be taught
byachangeling. Some kinain do manage tostrike deals where
they trade instruction for some service or oath to the change-
ling, often becoming part of that fae's retinue. Since kinain
have so few ways of renewing their Glamour, those who do
know how to use cantrips use them very sparingly.

Banalicy

Kinain start out with more Banality than changelings,
and they acquire it just as easily as their fae cousins. Kinain
who accumulate too much Banality become overwhelmed
by the Mists and lose touch with their fae sides very quickly.
Even very banal kinain remain easier to enchant (see
below), but the Mists often obliterate their memories of the
experience when the enchantment fades. Some particularly
banal kinain have addled memories of their experiences
with the fae thatcan lead them into therapy or even madness
ifthey cannotovercome their own Banality. Many Dauntain
come from the ranks of such tortured souls.

Kinain are not affected by cold iron in the same way that
changelingsare. They do not find its touch painful or discomfort-
ing. Ifattacked witha cold iron weapon, kinainstill lose Glamour
inthesame way that changelingsdo, which makes them cautious
about such weapons, but they can handle and even wield items
of cold iron with no ill effect to themselves. This can give kinain
a substantial advantage in combating changelings, and is one of
the things that makes kinain faerie-hunters so dangerous. A
kinain with a cold iron weapon can bea powerful and dangerous
ally, and just as powerful and dangerous an enemy.

CEnchancmenc

Kinain are easier to enchant than mortals, requiring
only an investiture of Glamour to awaken their faerie
heritage. Tokens are not necessary to enchant kinain.
They also remain enchanted longer than banal mortals.

Chapcer_ One: Kich and Kin


ty

A
CZ

yS

Toenchantakinain, achangelingneed only spendapoint
of temporary Glamour and overcome the kinain's Banality by
rolling his Glamour against a difficulty equal to the kinain's
Banality minusher level of Faerie Blood (minimum difficulty of
2). Only one success is needed for the kinain to become
enchanted. The changeling can perform this effect on any
kinain that he can see or touch, and the kinain does not have
to be willing or even aware of the enchantment attempt.

Onceenchanted, kinainareaware ofthe Dreamingandable
tointeract with itnormally, just likeenchanted mortals. Theycan
see and interact with chimera and take damage from chimerical
attacks. They can also see the fae mien of Kithain. Most kinain
find the transition into the fae realm easier than mortals; blood
calls to blood, and kinain often find the world of the Kithain to
be the dream-realm that they have longed for all their lives.

How long a kinain remains enchanted depends on her
Banality and the amount of Faerie Blood she has. The base time
is seven days, plus a number of days equal to the kinain's Faerie
Blood Background and minus a number of days equal to her
Banality, withaminimum ofoneday. Forexample, ifRhane has
Banality 6 and Faerie Blood 3, she could be enchanted for four
days foreach point ofGlamourspent to enchant her:a base time
of seven days, plus three for Faerie Blood and minus six for her

Faerie Affinicy

Characters with the Merit Faerie Affinity (from
variousStorytellergames) are not themselveskinain,
but they have some attributes that are similar to the
kinain. Faerie Affinity is the result of ancient pacts
and oaths that were made between the fae of old
and certain mortals and Prodigals. The power of
those oaths has carried down to many of their
descendants, giving them special status among the
Kithain. A successful Kenning roll (difficulty 6)
reveals if a character has a Faerie Affinity.

Characterswith Faerie Affinity are partially aware
of the Dreaming, and have the ability to see the fae
mien of Kithain and any chimera the changeling is
carrying or directly interacting with, although they
cannot see other chimera unless they are enchanted.
Such characters are easier to enchant, like the kinain,
requiring only a Glamour roll against the subject's
Banality. Characters with Faerie Affinity also remain
enchanted for the same amount of time as kinain.

A character with Faerie Affinity cannot be
enchanted against her will because of the ancient
pacts that gave her Faerie Affinity in the first place. A
changeling whodoessobecomesanoathbreakerand
an outcast in Kithain society.

Banality. The difficulty to enchant Rhane would be her Banal-
ity (6), minus her Faerie Blood (3), or 3.

Thismeans that itis generally easier toenchantkinain for
longer periods of time than other mortals, particularly if the
changeling has a source of Glamour to regularly renew the
enchantment. Once the enchantment fades, the kinain's
mindisclouded by the Mists much like any other mortal'sand
she may forget much of her fae experiences. See Chapter Two
for more details on the effects of enchantment on the kinain.

Enchanted kinain who get a chance to experience the
world of the Kithain are often overcome with wonder, while
some others are crushed by the truth of the reality they cannot
reach on their own. Many become fascinated, even addicted
to experiencing the fae world, and will do whatever they can
toremainenchanted. For many this means swearing loyalty to
achangeling liege or patron who can continue to supply them
with Glamour, provide them a place within a freehold, or
both. Living ina freehold is not without its dangers for kinain,
however (see below).

Sincekinaincan be enchanted against their will, they are
vulnerable to being enchanted by hostile changelings, espe-
cially Unseelie, who may use hapless kinain as puppets or toys
in their dangerous games.

Bedlam

One advantage of the kinain is that they are not
subject to the dangers of Bedlam. They are too rooted in
their mortal natures to fall victim to the insanity that
plagues changelings. A kinain can remain ina freehold or
make use of Glamour without any danger of Bedlam

On the other hand, kinain are subject to the dangers of
becoming Dream-struck almostasmuchasenchanted mortals
are. Too much exposure to the world of the Kithain can
sometimes overwhelm the mind ofa kinain and send her into
a dumbfounded state of perpetual daydreaming, only able to
interact with the mortal world around her in the most basic
ways. Such kinain become Glamour "addicts" who have no
interests or drives other than remaining enchanted in the
warm embrace of the Dreaming.

More information on becoming Dream-struck is of-
fered in Chapter Two.

Lae Gifcs

Kinain do not have the ability to perceive and collect
Glamour like changelings, but their common heritage is the
Dreaming, anda spark of Glamour, no matter how small, is at
the heart ofall kinain justas it isat the heart ofall changelings.
Thissets the kinain apart from their mortal kin and sometimes
gives them what changelings refer to as "Fae Gifts."


Gifts are a part ofa kinain's heritage of Glamour, andsome
Fae Gifts can be quite powerful. Generally the more Faerie
Blood a kinain has, the more likely he has a powerful Fae Gift,
but this isnot always the case. Some strong Fae Gifts have been.
known toturn up in kinain with only a trace of fae heritage. The
various Fae Gifts are described fully in Chapter Four.

Many kinain possess Fae Gifts and are completely un-
aware of them. Even ifa kinain is aware of her gift, many are
capricious and difficult to control. Some Fae Gifts can be equal
part blessing and curse. Kinain who become aware of their gifts
without knowing who and what they really are might consider
themselves psychic, magically talented or mad.

inamn Scacus

Kinainare even more between two worlds than change-
lings, not quite faerie and not quite human either. They are
sometimes looked down upon by their "full-blooded" change-
ling kin, and are considered strange by their human peers.

Mortal society generally considers kinain to be eccentrics.
Their extreme personalities and habits are blamed on psychology
rather than faerie inheritance. Some kinain are trapped by the
Banality of the mortals.around them, and the sparks of their fae
natures are extinguished, which is one of the reasons that kinain
tend tobe lonersand make friends only with people they trustnot
toscoffat their unique visions and perspectives. Even kinain who
areunaware of their truenatureshavean instinctiveneed toshield
themselves from the cold touch of Banality by hiding within
worlds of imagination they have constructed from themselves.

More dangerous to kinain are those mortals who know of
the true nature of the Dreaming, the Dauntain. The Autumn |
People seek to smother everything they do not understand
beneath a blanket of Banality, but the Dauntain are far more
dangerous because they are more aware of what they are doing.
Many Dauntain are themselves kinain who fear their true
nature or are jealous of their changeling kin (although they
would never admit it).

Some kinain also become Dauntain because of abuse they
havesufferedat the hands of changelings, most often Ravaging or
enslavement by the Unseelie. These kinain feel betrayed by their
kinfolk, and have decided to side with mortality and Banality
against all changelings. Some in the Seelie Court point to such
lost soulsassigns that the practicesof Ravagingand enslavement
need to be controlled or banned, but their voices are still few and
weak against ways that have been condoned for centuries.

Kinain are considered toolsandallies by both Courts, but
are generally snubbed or pitied. The views on kinain vary
according to kith, Court and House, and range all over the
spectrum. See Chapter Two for more details on Kithain views
of kinain and the enchanted



Once upon a time, there was a musician living in the
Kingdom of Apples. Although he had a great love of
music, he was unable to learn more thana few simple tunes
on his guitar. He played them in gathering halls and
taverns to earn what little money he could and to feed his
dreams of becoming a great and famous musician.

One night, the player was coming home from a house
where he had performed, where there had been much dancing
and no little drink. Half drunk himself, he crossed the little
bridge toward his home, humming tunes and not paying
attention. Suddenly, something crept up behind him and
s, flinging the player onto his back. A strange
tide the player'schest witha greatand wild grin.
"What do you want?" the player asked, fearing for his life.

rushed hi

"] only want to give you a gift. I much enjoyed your
music." With that, the stranger pressed a guitar into the
young man's hands such as he had never seen before. The
wild man jumped aside, and the young man stood up to
look over the fine guitar. He looked back at the gift-giver
in confusion, and saw that his "attacker" had furry goat's
legs and ramlike horns that curved gracefully out of his
curly hair. Now the player thought he was going mad.

"Why are you giving me this?" he asked.

"As | said, I liked your music, and should like to hear
some more," the satyr replied, "Play ‘Riders on the Storm'
for me, if you will."

"1 don't know it," the player said.

"Never mind what you know and don't know. Just
play, and I'll make you know."

The player set his fingers to the strings and made such
music as he never had before. The satyr smiled and ap-
plauded loudly when the tune was finished. The player
looked from the satyr to the guitar in wonder and back again.

"That's amazing!" he gasped. "How did you do it?"

"Trade secret," the satyr replied with a knowing wink.
"But if you'd like to do more, there's party you should come
to." The player nodded, too excited by the music to think of
anything else, and the satyr led him off the road and into the
dark wood with only the light of the pale moon for guide.
They rushed across meadow and bogsand rough places, until
they came upon the top of a great mound. The satyr struck
arock three times with his cloven hoof, and a door opened
in the earth. Then he led the young man into a great room.

The player saw a long table in the middle of the room,
and many beautiful and strange people gathered around it.
At the head of the table was the most beautiful woman he
had ever seen, then or since. She rose with regal grace, and

Chapcer Two: The Cnchanced


said, "A hundred thousand welcomes to you, my friend. Who
is this you bring us?"

"The finest musician in the land," said the satyr with
a courtly bow. He turned to the player and said, "Play us
some music, my friend."

The player set his hand to the strings again, and
fantastic songs that he had never heard before seemed to fly
from his fingers, pouring out of him like wine from a flagon.
The folk at the table were up and dancing, dancing, dancing
till they were tired and could dance no more. Then the satyr
said that they must pay the player, and a pouch was passed
from hand to hand. Each person put in a gold coin, and the
satyr handed the bulging purse to the astonished player.

"Such a fine audience!" he said, bowing to the as-
sembled company as he clutched the jingling purse of
coins. "You have made me rich!"

The satyr smiled and nodded. "Come with me, and I
will take you home."

Before they left, the lady came to the player to thank
him for his marvelous music. She said, "You have two
things now that you had not before — you have music, and
you have Glamour. Do not waste either."

And with that, the satyrled the young man from the hall,
back through the heaths, and the bogs, and the woods, to the
bridge where they had met. The satyr left the player there at
the bridge with his new guitar and vanished into the night.

The player ran home, and he pounded on his lady's
door, saying, "Let me in! I'm rich, and the best musician in
the world!"

"You're drunk," his lady replied from behind the door.

"Maybe I was," said the player, "but I'm completely
sober now."

The player's lady let him in, and he poured the purse
of gold into her lap. Her eyes grew wide with wonder at the
sightofit, but before she couldask anything, he said, "Wait
till you hear the music I can play."

With that he unslung his new guitar and played the
sweetest songs of love for her. He wakened his neighbors
with the strains of his music, but they believed it to be
only a pleasant dream. Long into the night the player and
his lady made plans for their newfound wealth and slept
together happily.

The next morning, when they went to look at the
gold, there was nothing but a bag of shiny pebbles and
brightly colored autumn leaves. The player wondered if
what he had seen the night before was a dream, but then
he saw the new guitar that the satyr had given him leaning
against the wall, and he felt the music stir within him. He
knew that what he had been given was worth more than


money. He had music and he had Glamour, as the fair lady
had said, and he would not waste either of them.

hy Enchanc
CDorcals?

"Because we can!"

Most Kithain enchant mortals simply because they can,
because they desire the mortals to experience or understand
the Dreaming, ot because they ate looking to inspire the
mortals with a vision of the Dreaming and perhaps stave off
the encroachment of Banality for a moment.

Enchanting also has its practical uses in getting mor-
tal aid and convincing mortals that the changeling is not
crazy (or at least convincing them that they're all crazy...).
It also has its fun side where mortals get to have a day or
two of fantastic experience, and the changeling gets to
have fun, and maybe even add something to the Glamour
of the world.

or Fun

Much of the time the only reason for enchanting a
mortal is the simple desire for fun, to give the mortal a
glimpse of the world of the Kithain and let everyone have a
good time. This is often done under the guise of acelebration
like Mardi Gras or some similar wild party where Banality

does not have as strong a grip on the mortals present. Any
unusual experiences will later be fogged over by the Mists
and remembered only as a strange dream, bad trip or lost
weekend for most of the participants. What is "fun" depends
on the Kithain performing the enchantment, though.

Satyrs and party-loving Kithain are known to en-
chant mortals for the sake of giving them (and themselves)
agood time. Satyrs often take mortal lovers or "flings" who
are enchanted fora night or two of wild abandon, then left
with what seem to be pleasant daydreams or fantasies that
seem unusually vivid when recalled.

Sometimes the enchantment is at a mortal's expense
to make him the subject of a prank or practical joke, or for
the look on his face when he sees the chimerical giant
purple dragon lurking in his basement for the first time.
Pooka are particularly fond of enchanting mortals from
time to time for this sort of thing, playing elaborate pranks
on them that are later forgotten or misremembered once
the enchantment wears off.

Unseelie have a more sinister version of this kind of
prank, enchanting hapless mortals in order to terrify or
play "games" with them. These poor souls might be the
subject of a sudden fright in a dark alley, or worse, they are

suddenly confronted by a street gang that turns out to be
a bunch of redcaps looking for a little perverse fun.

The truly unfortunate are subjected to more elaborate
"entertainments" like the Wild Hunt, in which a party of
Unseelie (usually sidhe) and their chimerical hounds harry
an enchanted mortal through the streets or lonely country-
side. The pack tears the mortal to pieces if it catches him,
causing the Mists to plunge him into a coma from which he
Jbterawaliens, believing tite whole experience to Have been
anightmare. The subjects of such hunts often appear insane,
orat least disturbed, to the unenchanted, who only see the
mortal seemings of the changelingsand certainly none of the
chimera. It anjehe seem to them like the hunted person is
being chased by a group of children or rowdy teenagers
playing a harmless (albeit annoying) game.

or hetp

Enchantment does have a more practical use. Mortals
are unable to perceive or interact with the realm of the fae
unless they are enchanted; Banality and the Mists shield
their senses from the true nature of things around them.
Sometimes Kithain bring a mortal into their world so they
can deal with the mortal on their own terms. This allows
the Kithain to use their chimerical weapons and items on
the mortal as well as more easily affect him with cantrips.

This may be to the mortal's benefit if he is in need of
some help from the Kithain, or ifa changeling needs mortal
helpand must convince him that what they are talking about
is real. Childlings often enchant their parents, guardians or
other adults in order to gain their cooperation, and some
older grumps under the care of their mortal children do the
same. Mortal allies sometimes need to be convinced of the
truth of what the changeling says simply so they won't think
their friend is mad and imagining things.

Authority figures are sometimes enchanted as well to
gain their trust orhelp. Unfortunately, some particularly banal
individuals disbelieve in the fae realm even when they areable
to see it with their own eyes, chalking it up to some kind of
hallucination, drug or other cause. In cas
ment may hurt a changeling's case more than help it.

Mortals can also be enchanted so that they are more
easily affected by cantrips and chimera. This might be to
help a mortal with Primal cantrips or useful chimera or
treasures. More likely, it is so that the changeling can
combat a hostile mortal on more equal terms. An adult
who thinks a childling is helpless before him is in for a
surprise when the Glamour falls upon him and he sees
instead a troll warrior ora sidhe knight wielding a shining
sword with a fire-breathing dragon backing him up.


The limitations of enchanting mortals against their
will to use faerie powers against them are discussed under
"Forced Enchantment," below.

Planzing the Seed

Bringing a mortal into the world of the Kithain can
also help accomplish a goal near and dear to the heart of
every changeling: inspiring the mortal, which in turn
slows the progress of Banality, staving off the inevitability
of Winter. By enchanting mortals, Kithain give them the
gift of inspiration, a brief return to the sense of childlike
innocence and wonder where dragons lurked in every dark
cave and magic was everywhere. Even though the Mists
eventually cloud the mortal's memory, a small spark of the
experience still lingers like a wonderful dream, and is
sometimes enough to encourage the mortal to see life a
little differently. Kithain call this practice "planting the
seeds of Spring," and hope that it will help to increase the
Glamour in the world and loosen Banality's grip.

The most common mortals to be enchanted this way
are dreamers that the changeling patronizes as a muse, so
that the dreamers can create new things that generate
more Glamour in the world and allow the Dreaming to
survive. Enchanting and inspiring a mortal to a vision of
the Dreaming can be a quest for a changeling looking to
reduce her own Banality and regain some faith in the
coming of Spring and the power of Glamour.

A mortal Dreamer may or may not know about her
faerie muse, depending on the relationship between the
changeling and the dreamer.

CDechods of

CEnchancmenc

Here — Catch.

— Titania to Tim Hunter, Books of Magic

There are two ways that changelings may enchant
mortals. One is through the gift of a token invested with
Glamour that allows the mortal to see the world of the
Kithain for some time. The other (considered the quick
and dirty way) is to overpower the mortal's Banality with
some of the changeling's own Glamour. It works for a
shorter time than tokens, but usually long enough to suit
the enchanter's immediate purposes.

Tokens

Tick, you can't fight evil with a macaroni duck!
— Arthur, The Tick

Tokens are physical gifts infused with Glamour used
to bring about enchantment. They might be anything

The Enchanced

from food to jewelry toa macaroni duck covered in glitter.
Some tokens are more effective than others, especially if
the changeling had a hand in making the token person-
ally, or if it is something especially near and dear to the
changeling or the mortal to be enchanted. A mortal is
more likely to accept such a gift than something the
changeling just picked up at random.

The Kithain must prepare the token by infusing it with
some of his own temporary Glamour. The creation ofa token
takes time depending on what it is. Tokens such as food or
handicrafts must be prepared by the changeling herself, and
take time depending on the changeling's skills. A food token
can be as elaborate as a gourmet meal created by a four-star
chef or as simple as homemade cookies and milk. A handi-
craft could be a woven tapestry, a piece of jewelry, a crayon
drawing or a Play-Doh sculpture. A simple flower plucked
from the side of the road can be a token.

Tokensdo notneed tobe made by the changeling (aring,
a bouquet or a baseball can serve equally well), but they must
be something that the Kithain can give freely to a mortal.
Itemsthatarestolen ordonotbelongto thechangelingare not
suitable for tokens. As always, the Storyteller has the final
decision on what items are and are not usable as tokens.

The other part of the enchantment process is for the
changeling to offer the token to the mortal and have her
accept it, although the mortal does not need to know the
true nature of the gift. While mortals cannot be enchanted
for very long against their will, they can be enchanted
without their knowledge; changelings have many, many
ways to trick a mortal into enchantment.

One trick is not to give the mortal in question too
much time to think about whether or not she wants to
accept the token. If the changeling makes a big deal about
having someone take a cookie or a surprise present out of
nowhere, the mortal may become suspicious, especially if
she doesn't know the changeling very well.

Atokencan be left on someone's doorstep with a note
saying who it is for. If the mortal accepts this anonymous
gift, the enchantment takes hold. It can even be sent
through the mail (although that's more likely a good way
to lose a token and some Glamour). A token can even be
thrown to the recipient with a simple "Heads up!" or
"Catch!" as a means of acceptance, including picking the
token up if it is missed or dropped. As long as the mortal
receives the gift and willingly accepts it, the enchantment
takes place. Gifts that are "planted" or forced upon a
mortal are not gifts, and violate the spirit of enchantment.

Generally speaking, the Storyteller should keep in
mind that most mortals have no reason to suspect that a
changeling is trying to enchant them, unless they are espe-
cially superstitious or aware of the existence of the Kithain.


Most people look upon tokens as simple and charming gifts,
and accept them out of politeness if nothing else. Mortals
who know about changeling culture and customs (such as
some of the Autumn People and superstitious country folk)
follow the rule of never accepting any gifts from someone
who might be fae to protect themselves from falling under
the sway of enchantment. The legend of not accepting food
or gifts in the realm of the fae has its basis in fact.

A token does not have to be designed for a particular
person, and someone other than the intended recipient
who accepts the gift of the token can be enchanted by it.
For example, Higgins the boggan bakes some of his en-
chanted cupcakes for one of his mortal neighbors and puts
them ona plate to cool. Another mortal friend drops by to
visit, and asks if she can have a cupcake. Higgins absently
says yes, and before he knows it, his friend is enchanted.

If it becomes an issue of how long a token lasts before
being accepted, the Storyteller may make a judgment
based on the nature of the token. Perishable tokens (like
food) will last until they would naturally spoil, while other
tokens might endure until they are used or broken. A
changeling can even break or eat an unused token in order
toextract the Glamour from it for his own use. Such tokens
can be considered dross until they are used.

Lorced Enchantment

Achangeling can also briefly enchant a mortal by using
Glamour to overcome the mortal's Banality. This requires
only the expenditure of a point of temporary Glamour and
aroll of the changeling's Glamour against a difficulty of the
mortal's Banality. Ifa mortal is carrying or wearing anything
made of cold iron on her person, the difficulty to forcibly
enchant her is increased by one. A single success is enough
toenchant the mortal. Kithain use this method of enchant-
ment when a mortal has to be enchanted immediately and
there is no time to prepare a token, or when a mortal must be
enchanted against her will, usually so she can be more easily
affected with cantrips or chimera.

A forced enchantment lasts fora fairly short time, usually
about an hour, although the time can vary from one mortal to
another depending on her Banality and personality. As with
many things Glamourous, the time is rarely consistent. For
most purposes the Storyteller can assume the enchantment
lasts for the duration of the scene that it takes place in, and
pethaps longer as the story demands. One of the reasons
changelings prefer not to use forced enchantment is the fact
that it provides so little return for their investment of Glam-
our. The mortal's Banality quickly reasserts itself, and the
Mists cover her memories of the enchanted experience.

Forced enchantment can come as quite a shock to a
mortal, especially if she is suddenly confronted by hostile

N)


Kithain wielding chimerical weapons or chimera like
dragons and griffins. Even under more pleasant circum-
stances, being pulled suddenly into the world of the fae
can be a shocking experience for a mortal, especially one
with high Banality. Changelings prefer not to use forced
enchantment on mortals they like and trust for fear of
harming them with the sudden shock to their senses.

Cffeccs of

Cnchancment

For all intents and purposes, an enchanted mortal can
interact with the world of the faerie just like Kithain. Simply
seeing changeling's fae seeming can be quite an experience
for the newly enchanted. Add in the chimerical natures of
buildings and landscapes, any chimera the changeling is
carrying, and a few curious chimerical critters, and it's no
wonder that shock overwhelms many mortals. Depending
onwhere and when the mortal isenchanted, the scene might
appear asa fantasy version of the mundane world, or an even
more nightmarish rendering of the already dark Gothic-
Punk reality. A mortal's first experience of being enchanted
will color her future opinions of enchantment and the
Kithain, depending on how much she recalls of the whole
experience when the enchantment ends.

Enchanted mortals can be affected by cantrips without
any need for the caster to overcome their inherent Banality,
which hasalready been done by theenchantment itself. This
can be a benefit in the case of cantrips like Heather-Balm or
Oakenshield, or it can be quite dangerous if the changeling
intends to ensnare the mortal's heart or transform her into
something else. Unseelie (and even a few Seelie) change-
lings can use Haunted Heart and Captive Heart to make the
enchanted their slaves, especially if they bring the mortal
into a freehold where the duration of the enchantment is
suspended. Such people simply disappear and return years
later looking not a day older and with fuddled memories of
what actually happened to them.

Enchanted mortalsare all but helpless against cantrips,
which makes enchantment so fearsome to hunters and
those who oppose the Kithain. They fear it as much as (or
more than) death, since they know that becoming en-
chanted means falling under the sway of their enemies.
Some changelings simply toy with an enchanted hunter,
leading him astray and tormenting him with pranks before
letting him stumble out into the Mists. Others, particu-
larly the Unseelie, are not so kind to hunters they enchant.
They prefer to terrify their enemies with nightmare vi-
sions, sending them screaming into madness, or kill them
outright. Redcapsare especially effective at seeing that the
bodies of such unfortunates are never found.


‘The Experience of
Cnchancmenc

The result of enchantment is unpredictable at best.
It's impossible to tell how any given mortal will react to
experiencing the world of the Kithain for the first time.
Some see their dreams brought to vivid life, while others
find only horrors or weird hallucinations that challenge
their beliefs in mundane reality. Changelings are advised
to "cultivate" carefully before planting their seeds of
Spring, but in the end, even they can never really tell
what's going to happen. It is enough to make some change-
lings at least a little cautious about enchanting their
friends and loved ones for the first time.

Enchantment can be a good trip or a bad trip, but it's
always a trip. Some are inspired by their experience, and
some are driven mad. Being exposed to the Dreaming is
certainly never a dull ride. Only the most banal mortals can
react to being enchanted with disregard, and even they may
find themselves somewhat shaken by the experience.

Of those mortals who are aware of the existence of
changelings, many see enchantment as a threat. The ratio-
nalists among the Autumn People consider enchantment to
be some kind of delusion created through hypnosis or some
kind of chemical. They, like Ebenezer Scrooge, doubt the
evidence of their own senses, and attribute enchanted
experiences to "a bit of bad beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb
of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato," or something
else they can understand, rather than admit that faeries exist.

Changeling hunters who believe all Kithain to be
threats to humanity consider enchantment to be an at-
tack, a means for changelings to gain control of a helpless
mortal's senses and drag her into their own shadowy realm.
These hunters avoid contact with any potential tokens
with considerable paranoia, and will either attack or flee
from changelings who forcibly enchant them.

Inspiracion

Many mortals find the experience of being enchanted
awakens their imagination and fires it with the power of
Glamour. They feel refreshed, renewed and inspired by the
experience to create new things. The crushing weight of
Banality is lessened on them, for at least a little while.

Enchantment can be used to "jump start" a mortal's
efforts to create and produce a Reverie. It is somewhat
like priming a pump, in which a changeling invests a bit
of Glamour to enchant the mortal in hope of a greater
return of Glamour when the enchantment helps inspire
the dreamer. If a dreamer is enchanted, she may make an
appropriate Attribute + Ability roll (difficulty 6) to

determine when she will feel inspired to create again (see
the Changeling rulebook for more information).

Of course, regularly enchanting a mortal produces
potential problems of its own. Changeling muses may find
dreamers they frequently enchant in danger of becoming
Dream-struck or slipping into madness from their experi-
ences with the fae world.

CDadness

Some mortals are driven mad by the experience of
being enchanted. Their banal minds simply cannot deal
with the Dreaming, and they snap. This is generally judged
by the amount of Banality the mortal possesses; the more
banal the mortal is, the more likely that enchantment is a
threat to his sanity. Some Unseelie enjoy driving mortals
mad; other fae are more careful about who they enchant
since there is always some risk.

Asalways, the Storyteller has final say on which mortals
are driven mad by the experience of being enchanted. Asa
general rule, such madness is fairly rare, and happens only to
the most banal mortals. Whenever a mortal is enchanted,
the Storyteller should roll the mortal's Banality against a
difficulty of 10. Bach success causes the mortal to experience
one level of Bedlam (see Changeling: The Dreaming). One
success results in the first threshold of Bedlam, two in the
second, and three successes push the mortal over the third
threshold into total madness.

Worse yet, the effects of this madness are cumulative.
A mortal is enchanted once and gains one success on the
Banality roll, causing him to slide over the first threshold
of Bedlam. If he is enchanted again at a later date and
scores two successes on the Banality roll, he is pushed over
the edge into madness.

The unsettling effects of madness wear off over time
as the mortal's memory becomes obscured by the Mists.
Storytellers can use the Mists Chart (see Changeling: The
Dreaming) as a guideline for how long it takes for one
success from the Banality roll to fade. A mortal witha fairly
low Banality will get over the mind-wrenching experience
more quickly than someone with a high Banality, who
might require years to recover fully from the experience.

Ojfferenc Kinds of

Cnchanced

The enchanted come in as many varieties as regular
people. Changelings choose mortals as companions and
friends, and almost any person can be enchanted, depend-
ing on their level of Banality. Even people in traditionally

Chapcer Two: The Enchanced


banal roles (lawyers, psychiatrists and such) can be en-
chanted if they have enough of an open mind.
Theenchanted also serve many different roles forchange-
lings. Theycan beservants, helpers, contacts, lovers, protectors,
guardians, inspiration or infatuation. Some changelings be-
come very attached to mortals they have enchanted, while
others may prefer to "enchant ‘em and leave ‘em." Some
Kithain work, live and play with mortals, while others retreat
from them into their freeholds. Mortals represent the dangers
of Banality and forgetting, butalso the chance to recovera lost
one and put her in touch with the Dreaming once again.

Recinues

The most common of the enchanted are the retinues of
the Kithain. Many Kithain, particularly the nobles, main-
tain enchanted mortal servants for themselves. Since the
Accordance War, most commoner changelings have been
unwilling to blindly serve the nobility, so Kithain nobles
exiled on Earth make do with human servants to make up
their courts and retinues. Commoner changelings have
taken to imitating nobles on occasion by having retinues.
Others simply desire to have the help of a few humans and
reward them with the gift of enchantment, welcoming them
into their homes as friends and family rather than servants.

Sidhe nobles often have fairly large retinues, sometimes
as many as several dozen enchanted mortals to maintain the
great holdings and courts that the nobles demand as befits
their stations. Many of these mortals are chosen from those
that the sidhe encounters in her daily life, mortals who are
sympathetic to the Kithain and will be loyal to their sidhe
liege. Sometimesa sidhe (Seelie or Unseelie) is simply taken
with a mortal she encounters, and she quickly enchants him
and spellbinds him to serve in her retinue. Such people
disappear without a trace, although wise sidhe make use of
cantrips to fake the mortal's death and dissuade investiga
tions by the authorities.

Enchanting such a large group of mortals requires a
great deal of Glamour, which is why most noble retinues
live within the bounds of the noble's freehold or that of
the noble's liege lord. In the freehold, the enchantment
upon the retinue remains permanent and requires no
further Glamour from the noble to maintain it. Unfortu-
nately, this means that the members of the retinue leave
the freehold rarely, if ever, since the enchantment might
be broken and cause them to wander away, their memo-
ries of service shrouded by the Mists. Nobles prefer to use

kinain or changeling servants to perform errands outside
of the freehold for them, since they are less likely to fall
victim to the Mists while they are away.

The Enchanced

Of course, keeping enchanted mortals in a freehold
continuously is an invitation for them to become Dre:
struck. Longtime servants may either be sent away fora time
to recover their wits, or be ejected from the freehold if they
can no longer be of use to their patrons. The Unseelie in
particular are known for such cavalier treatment of their
mortal servants; after all, there are always more mortals.

Former mortal servants have recollections of going to a
party, ortakinga walk ina lonely place, fallingasleepandhaving
amarvelous dream of the faerie courtand all of its doings. When
they awaken, they discover that days, months, sometimes even
years have passed by in what seems to have been only afew days
for them. The rest of the world has gone on while the mortal
seems not to have aged or changed atall since she disappeared.
Human doctors and therapists are baffled by the appearances
and memories of these "Rip van Winkle" cases, and the
Dauntain keep a close eye on such mysterious reappearances as
a possible sign of changeling activity.

Commoner changelings have different views on reti-
nues. Most prefer to surround themselves with small circles of
friends as opposed to servants. Seelie commoners might
enchant a few mortal friends or allies from time to time to
enlist their aid orto offer them help or insight. They may even
have some enchanted mortals living with them ina freehold,
but this is generally quite rare, since space in freeholds is
limited and is usually taken up by the nobility and their
retinues. Seelie commoners also tend to be more cautious
about the dangers of members of their retinues becoming
Dream-struck, and rarely keep them enchanted for very long.

Unseelie commoners consider mortals nothing more
than toys or nuisances. They might enchant a mortal for
a night of fun or torment, but they rarely bother with
mortal servants. An Unseelie might take an interest in a
particular mortal and decide to enslave her for a time
before dumping her back on the street, but most can't be
bothered with mortals as anything other than prey.

CDuses

Changeling muses and their dreamers have a special
relationship among the enchanted. Changelings are
strongly drawn to artistic and creative people as founts of
Glamour, and work with them to encourage their talents
and expression, acting as muses and inspirations. Within
some rare humans — perhaps one in a hundred — is the
spark of Glamour, the connection to the Dreaming that
allows them to truly create something new.

Enchantment is actually a fairly rare tool for muses,
because it requires an expenditure of Glamour in the first
place, and because the experience of being enchanted can
sometimes overwhelm a creative mind. Most muses prefer


to operate behind the scenes and inspire through example
and their personal relationship with the Dreamer rather
than such comparatively crude methods as enchantment.
Of course, there are those changelings who think that
Glamour is made to be used, and that "you have to spend some
to make some." Even these, however, must take into account
the potential effects that enchantment has on the mind and
spirit of a dreamer. The risk of madness is a very real one, even
among open-minded mortals such as dreamers, and a change-
ling who really cares about a dreamer enchants with great care.
The other danger of enchanting a dreamer too often is
the confusion between the source and the creation. Many
dreamers who learn about the nature of Glamour and the
Dreaming become obsessed with the idea of creating Glam-
our. They value their special ability to create that which is
wondrous and new so much that they ultimately focus more
on the idea of creating Glamour than art. Ironically, this
means that whatever they create is drab and commercial,
their idea of what is Glamorous rather than an expression of
the true Glamour in the human spirit. The Storyteller can
use this factor as a means of keeping changelings from too
often "priming the pump" of a dreamer through enchant-
ment. Consider a dreamer who falls victim to this syndrome
the same as one alienated by a botched inspiration roll.

CDorcal Love

Love for a mortal is the most dangerous and tragic of
changeling love stories. Unless mortal lovers are enchanted,
they can never know their changeling loves for what they
truly are. Their fae nature separates changelings from their
mortal partners; they are part of a world that most mortals
simply cannot understand and cannot long be a part of. The
conflict this raises in both the Kithain and the mortal is the
subject of many great tragedies among the fae.

Some changelings decide to enchant their mortal lov-
ers so that they can experience the world of the fae for
themselves, as well as their lovers' true natures. This often
ends in disaster, with the mortal shocked or repulsed at the
true mien ofher lover, ordriven to madness by the revelation
of the fae world. No changeling enchants a mortal beloved
without serious consideration of these dangers.

Sometimes a enchanted mortal lover gladly accepts the
truth about the changeling beloved. Even then, the relation-
ship is strained and tested by the demands that are placed on
both partners. The mortal cannot long recall the truth before
the Mists take over and render the experience little more
than adream. The changeling must to spend more and more
time in mortal society to be with her love, away from the
protection of a freehold.

Fal

\


Bringing an enchanted mortal lover into a freehold
would seem to be an ideal solution, allowing the enchant-
ment to continue forever and the lovers to live together
happily, but it rarely works out so neatly. The mortal still
risks the possibility of becoming Dream-struck, a hollow
shell of the person the changeling loved, and few Kithain
can bear to see their lovers suffer such a fate. Mortals also
find themselves pining for the life and the world they have
left behind, torn between their loves and the wish to
belong. Many ultimately choose to leave and return to the
world where they belong, forcing the couple to part.

Some rare couples manage to find a happy balance
between the mundane and fae worlds, but these are few and
far between. The Mists often come between such couples,
and the changeling must struggle with a partner who must
often be distant and apart from the world of the fae.

Most rare of all are the stories of changelings who feel
a love so great for their human partners that they willingly
give up their fae natures in order to live together with them
in the mundane world. The changeling willingly passes his
fae mien on through the Dreaming to another and be-
comes mortal forever after. These sacrifices make up some
of the greatest love ballads and stories of the Kithain, and
a fae spirit marked by sucha great and noble sacrifice is said
to be forever changed by it in its later lives.

Cnchancing Kinan

With their Faerie Blood, kinain can be more easily
enchanted than mortals for longer periods of time, even
against their wills. This presents certain advantages for
both changelings and the kinain such that kinain are very
commonly enchanted.

Much of the time, these enchanted kinain are valued
servants, retainers and even champions of a Kithain house-
hold or motley. Those with some faerie heritage acclimate
more easily to the fae realm, and are usually less shocked by
the experience than other mortals. Their ability to remain
enchanted for longer periods of time outside of a freehold
makes kinain the preferred mortal agents to operate outside
the bounds of a faerie holding for any length of time. This
gives the kinain more mobility and freedom than other
mortal servants, who either remain in a freehold until they
become Dream-struck or else are simply enchanted for afew
days and then enveloped by the Mists once again.

There are some kinain who are not so fortunate to
become valued companions or retainers. The kinain's sus-
ceptibility to being enchanted is often used by unscrupulous
changelings to acquire useful slaves and servants without the
need for tricking a mortal into accepting a token for en-
chantmentpurposes. These kinainare forcibly enchanted by
changelings, spellbound through the use of cantrips (which

30 The Enchanzed

are also more effective on enchanted kinain) and brought
into the bounds ofa freehold to become the servants of their
new faerie masters. Most of these unfortunates rarely leave
the freehold, although they are sometimes used for short
errands outside, since it takes considerable time for the
enchantment to wear off.

Enchanted kinain have the most potential of all the
enchanted to learn about changeling society and the
powers of Glamour. Kinain can even learn Arts and
Realms if they can find a teacher, using their own limited
Glamour and any they can acquire from Kithain or sources
like dross to perform their own magic. There are Kithain
ballads and stories of kinain slaves sneaking into the
libraries of their Unseelie masters and learning the magic
necessary to escape. Such feats are rare, but kinain skilled
in the use of Glamour do exist, and changelings respect
their power and ability.

Enchanting Beaszs

Humansare not the only mortal creatures that can be
enchanted through the power of Glamour. Ordinary ani-
mals can also be invested with some of a changeling's own
Glamour; many of the faerie beasts of legend, like the cu
sith (faerie hounds) or the faerie cows of the Dun Hills,
were in truth enchanted animals.

Toenchantan animal, the changeling must have that
animal's trust in some degree. The most common token.
used to enchant animals is food, since even suspicious
beasts will usually accept a gift of food if it is presented
properly. Other tokens include enchanted collars and
even animal clothing like doggie sweaters that have been
invested with Glamour.

A beast that is enchanted gains all of the benefits of
a mortal human being enchanted; they can see and inter-
act with a changeling's fae mien as well as any chimera,
and they are more easily affected by cantrips. Childlings
often enchant their family pets as companions or helpers,
and can even speak with them through the use of the
Primal Art. Such creatures are very loyal friends, and many
a family dog has protected his young master from a hostile
chimera while under faerie enchantment.

Animals minds are not affected by enchantment like
human minds are. Beasts live in a nonrational world, so
the experience is not as frightening or disorienting for
them. Beasts have no risk of madness from being en-
chanted, and there are legends that suggest that a beast
enchanted often enough can even develop a fae nature of
its own, becoming a kind of animal changeling, a true
faerie beast with considerable intelligence and wisdom.
Such beasts become boon companions and advisors of the
Kithain who "awakened" them.


Supernacurals

Generally speaking, the Kithain avoid contact with
the other supernatural inhabitants of the World of Dark-
ness. Many of these s
changeling's true nature, and some even prey on change-
lings and their freeholds. Many Kithain believe they are
unable to confront other supernaturals directly, although
an angry troll protecting his charge is nothing to scoff at.
Most prefer to use the powers of Glamour and the Mists to
conceal their presences from others and operate from
behind the scenes, avoiding direct contact and confronta-
tion. Enchantment is used with care, since revealing
Kithain existence to the other supernaturals takes a ter-
rible risk, even after the Mists (which affect the other
supernatural denizens just like mortals) move in.

pernaturals can see or sense a

Vampires

Changelings prefer to avoid the Children of Lilith
when they can, using their cantrips and the Mists to
conceal themselves right under the bloodsuckers' very
noses sometimes. Some sluagh and members of the Unseelie
Courtare said to traffic with vampires such as the Nosferatu
from time to time, but always on the fae folk's terms. Such

contact usually involves the exchange of secrets and gossip
about the mortal world, since the Kithain have no interest
in the intricate maneuverings of the Jyhad.

Changeling blood has an interesting affect on vampires
who drink it. Because Kithain blood carries some of the
Glamour, drinking the bloodactsasakind of token toenchant
the vampire who drinks. Each Blood Point drained enchants
the vampire for one hour, with all the benefits therein.

This experience can come as quite a shock to the
unprepared vampire, and vampires risk madness much like
enchanted mortals. The vampire must make a Courage
roll against a difficulty of 3 + the number of Blood Points
taken. Failure indicates that the vampire enters the sec-
ond threshold of Bedlam. A botch indicates that the
vampire enters the third threshold of Bedlam and gains a
Derangement to boot.

The one exception to the limited interaction be-
tween the vampires and the Kithain are the Malkavians.
The Malkavians are all insane by nature, making them
very close to the source of Glamour and the Dreaming.
With their madness comes insight into the nature of the
fae and their world, and Malkavians themselves can prove
to be a source of Glamour.

Some changelings, particularly the Unseelie, patron-
ize certain Malkaviansas muses, encouraging the vampires
to spread their madness through more and more creative


chanced

pranks. A changeling muse can inspire a Malkavi

uch heights that a Reverie can be achieved and the
changelingcan gather Glamour from the prank. Malkavians
are also immune to the Bedlam-inducing properties of
changeling blood. In many ways, Malkavians exist in a
permanent state of Bedlam, so the madness of the Dream-
ing does not disturb them.

Intentional enchantment of vampires is rare among
changelings. Even Malkavians are not often enchanted
because the Kithain prefer to conceal their existences and
true abilities. Muses work behind the scenes with their
Malkavian protégés, and protect themselves with the veil
of the vampires' madness; anything that the Malkavians
tell others about their "faerie friends" will likely be consid-
ered a creative delusion at be:

(Werewolves

Ofall of the other supernaturals, the Kithain have the
most contact with their Prodigal cousins, the Garou. Most of
the Changing Folk are too occupied with their own battles

to concern themselves with the affairs of the fae, and most
changelingsprefertoavoid beingdrawn into the werewolves'
endless war, but there still exist ancient ties between the two
peoples that can be called upon in time of need. The Fianna
tribe in particular honors their ancient bonds of trust with
the fae, and many of their Gifts concern interacting with
them (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse for more details).
In general, Gifts that affect spirits also affect ch

mera, provided that the Garou is able to see or sense the

chimera, either with a Gift or through being enchanted.
This makes Garou warriors and shamans quite effective
against chimerical fo

Garou are also easier to enchant than mortals, much

kinain are. Changelings can enchant any Garou they
can see with a simple expenditure of Glamour, and the
enchantment lasts for twice as long (two days per point of
temporary Glamour used). Their Prodigal fae natures and
experiences with the spirit world make Garou immune to
the dangers of Bedlam or becoming Dream-struck. Even
Garou unfamiliar with the fae are used to the idea of
visions and spirits, so these come as no shock to them.

Although some Kithain look down on the Prodigals,
there can be no doubt of the Garou's reputation as fierce and
honorable warriors, and Garou allies are often welcome in
freeholds. The Fianna in particular often know the local
changelingsand their freeholds, and may sometimes call upon
them for aid. In the same way the changeling liege of the area
may request members of the Fianna to aid the Kithain as
needed. Neither side calls upon such favors lightly, but the
bonds of honor and mutual protection are regularly renewed
in the courts of the Kithain and the caerns of the Garou.


CDages

Although Tradition mages fight against Banality in
their own way, the Kithain prefer to avoid all mysticks as
much as possible. Mages are usually power-hungry, and
their conflicts are far more complex than any changeling
wants to become involved in.

The Technocracy especially is the very essence of
Banality, and most technomancersare so banal that change-
lings avoid them at all costs. This is wise, considering that
the Technocracy is interested in acquiring more informa-
tion about the fae, most likely by allowing the Progenitors
to dissect a few of them for study.

Mages can be enchanted in the same way as mortals,
but the power of their magick allows them to attempt to
resist with a successful Willpower roll (difficulty 7). The
mage must gain one success for each point of Glamour
spent to enchant her.

Mages canuse the Spirit and Prime spheres to interact
with things of Glamour and chimera. Most mages consider
chimera just another kind of spirit and sources of Glamour
a means of gaining Quintessence. Freeholds are carefully
hidden from mages for fear of Quintessence raids, and even
awell-trusted mage is not shown the location of a freehold
lightly. Doing so is considered a serious violation of the
Right of Safe Haven and the protection of the freehold.

For the most part, changelings avoid enchanting
mages; such people are simply too powerful, too inquisitive
and too dangerous. Some few changelings seek to become
muses to certain mages in hopes that their insights into the
nature of reality can bring about a steady flow of Glamour,
but such changelings play a dangerous game of having
their own secrets pried from them by the mysticks.

The Restless Ocad

Most changelings have nothing to do with wraiths.
The Restless Dead are not of the mortal world and not
subject to the powers of enchantment or Glamour. By the
same token, wraiths usually have very little to do with the
Kithain. There are a few exceptions involving changeling/
wraith cooperation, however.

Some members of the Unseelieare said to have dealings
with ghosts and spirits; these wraiths are often unfortunates
drawn into the web of the Unseelie or, more commonly,
Spectres. The slaugh have the ability to see and speak with
any wraiths in their immediate area by spending a point of
temporary Glamour. Wraiths and sluagh have a great deal to
talk about, usually exchanging information for assistance,
such as running certain errands best accomplished by living
hands, or having the wraith spy in the places where not even
asluagh can squirm. It is said that some very powerful sluagh

caneven bind wraiths to do their bidding, but such things are
considered only rumor (particularly by the amused sluagh).

Slaves

A number of fae are known for making mortals (both
kinain andordinary humans) intoenchantedslaves. Unseelie
are the worst purveyors of this, although a few Seelie have
indulged in the practice as well. The victims are taken into
the freeholds until they become completely Dream-struck,
whereupon they are dumped back into the world to be
robbed of their memories by the Mists. The entire effect is
one of years passing in a single, terrible night.

Unfortunately, a few of these people try to discover the
truth of what happened to them. The truth does hurt,
though, and this leads some to becoming hunters. This in
turn has led some Unseelie to advocate killing mortal slaves
when they are "used up" and too Dream-struck to be useful,
so that they cannot turn against their former masters.

Although slaving is not specifically spoken of in the
Escheat, many changelings feel that it is a violation of the
mortal Right to Dream, since being spellbound in a free-
hold limits a mortal's vistas considerably. Others argue
that it puts mortals more in touch with their own inner
Dreaming, but since this produces no Glamour, it is a
somewhat hollow argument. Generally, open slavery is
not tolerated in the sidhe courts (especially the Seelie),
but it is difficult to tell at times if a mortal retainer is ina
noble's service by her own free will ordue to enchantment.

Some changeling motleys have taken it upon themselves
to liberate mortal slaves from the control of their masters. As
longas the changelings protect the Dreaming and see that the
liberated mortals do not tum against the Kithain, this practice
is politely overlooked by the nobility, since the slavers do not
wish to expose themselves, and the other lords and ladies
silently approve of the liberators' activities.

The Cnchanced in
L-reeholds

Life in a freehold can allow an enchanted mortal to
remain that way effectively forever, although most mortals
rarely last so long in the fae world. Mortals brought to dwell in
afreehold with their changelingpatron are especially favored,
for they do not age while within the confines of the freehold.

Some mortals have lived in freeholds for a very long
time, and would hardly recognize the outside world. Others
are eventually returned to the world many years later with
little orno memory of what happened to them courtesy of the
Mists, a mystery that baffles many health professionals

Chapcer Two: The Cnchanzed 33


xy ‘eating these former enchanted and fuels the fire for faerie-
hunters who believe that the kith prey on humankind.

Because space in many freeholds is limited, mortal
residents of a freehold are not too common. Usually they
are the servants and retinues of the important sidhe nobles
of the freehold along with a handful of well-liked mortal
advisors, allies or champions.

Fortunately enchanted humans do notdrawany Glam-
our from the wellspring of the freehold, so they represent
a minimal drain on the freehold's resources. This allows
more mortals to dwell in the freehold than would ever be
allowed for Kithain. The larger and more important the
freehold, the larger the pool of enchanted servants and
helpers in residence. The sidhe insist on maintaining a
certain standard of living for themselves if at all possible.

An enchanted mortal who has dwelled in a freehold for
any length of time learns a fair amount about Kithain society,
the customs of court and even some of the intricacies of court
politics and gossip. According to the sluagh, there is no better
source of court gossip than the wagging tongues of the court's
human servants (unless they have been spellbound not tospeak
of what they hear, but there are always ways around that).

Most humans living ina freehold are happy with their
lot. Many were rescued from unpleasant or banal lives in
their own world, and brought into the world of the fae by
their changeling patrons. Some still long for the world
they left behind, but most consider themselves better off
than their fellow humans by being closer to the Dreaming.

Other enchanted find themselves in a freehold at the
whim of a changeling master who has spellbound them to
serve as slaves. These folk (when allowed to have a
thought of their own) are unhappy with their captivity
and desire escape or revenge against their masters. The
Unseelie are very careful to keep control of their mortal
slaves to prevent them from rising up against them.

Officially, the royal courts of Concordia do not allow
enslavement of mortals by edict of High King David. How-
ever, the practice continues in theshadows, and isoverlooked
by the sidhe nobles of both Courts so long as it remains
discreet and does not threaten the safety of the freehold.

Becoming Oream-struck

Row, row, row your boat,

Gently down the stream,

Merrily, merrily, merrily,

Life is but a dream.

— traditional children's song

The main reason a mortal leaves a freehold (other
than her changeling patron becoming bored with her) is
when she becomes Dream-struck. The nature of the Dream-


ing can eventually overwhelm mortal or kinain minds
when they are exposed to it for too long.

Like Bedlam, the victim passes three thresholds of
becoming Dream-struck, slowly losing herself in the warm
embrace of the Dreaming. Eventually, the victim lapses
into a state like a waking dream, where she does nothing
but sit and stare dreamily off into space with a silly smile
on her face. The amount of time this takes to happen is
generally based on the mortal's Banality. Which mortals
will become Dream-struck is difficult to determine. Some
mortals live in freeholds for years without problems, while
others become Dream-struck quite rapidly.

Just as with Bedlam, the Storyteller has complete
control over the process of a mortal becoming Dream-
struck (even more so if the mortals are not player
characters). It can be used as a means to balance the power
of enchanting and to make a changeling pay close atten-
tion to the status of his mortal retinue.

Asa general guideline, the Storyteller should make
a Banality roll for the mortal for each month he is kept
enchanted (difficulty 8). This includes time spent in a
freehold. A failure indicates that the mortal enters the
first stage of being Dream-struck, while a botch indicates
that he immediately falls into the third stage and becomes
completely Dream-struck.

This means that, generally speaking, more banal
individuals are less vulnerable to being swept up and lost
in their inner Dreaming. Exposure to a great deal of
Glamour or many chimera might require more frequent
Banality checks; a mortal who is "insulated" from some of
the more fantastic elements of life in the freehold may not
need Banality rolls so frequently.

arse Threshold

The first signs ofa human becoming Dream-struck are
an increasing amount of daydreaming and a distracted air.
She may become enraptured watching a sunrise or study-
ing the dew on the petals of a single rose, unaware of
anything going on around her. The human is given to
increasing flights of fantasy and a fascination with all
things of Glamour.

While this is not unusual among enchanted mortals
in a freehold, it can begin to interfere with the human's
ability to function. The mortal quickly snaps out of this
dream state with a touch or a word to get her attention.

Second Threshold

The second level pushes the mortal even deeper into
the world of her own dreams. She sleeps a great deal and
is difficult to awaken. She may notice elements of her own

daydreams appearing ina waking state out of the corner of
her eye or in mirrors and other reflective surfaces.

The mortal slowly loses the ability to distinguish
between dreaming and waking states, and believes that
she is dreaming even while she is awake. Things around
her seem to take on an increasingly unreal quality, and the
mortal begins to display a certain reckless courage regard-
ing danger because none of it is quite real to her.

Some mortals make it as far as this threshold without
their condition being noticed, especially if their change-
ling patron cares little about their welfare. Some such
mortals are injured or killed because they take risks they
shouldn't; their normal fears and good sense no longer
holds their other impulses in check.

Third Threshold

At this point, the mortal becomes completely Dream-
struck. She falls into a waking dream created from her own
inner Dreaming, and from there into a catatonic state where
she does nothing but sit and stare happily off into space. She
may interact with people in the waking world, but even
under the best of circumstances she is sluggish and nearly
incoherent, viewing everything as part of her dream.

Mortals in the final stage of being Dream-struck have
been known to spawn chimera from the depths of their
personal Dreaming. Oftentimes, these chimera defend the
mortal, allowing her to continue dreaming. Some carry out
the mortal's subconscious needs or desires, and may even
appear as distorted versions of people and things from the
mortal's waking life. Most of these chimera disappear once
the mortal has been awakened from being Dream-struck, but
some have been known to persist for some time afterward,
and a few rare chimera have even been permanent.

Aiding che Oream-scruck

Once a mortal has been Dream-struck, the only cure
is to remove her from the influence of Glamour and give
her a chance to snap out of her dream state.

The usual treatment is to return the mortal to her
normal life and allow the Mists to fog her memories of the
Dreaming, bringing her out of her dream state in the normal
time given on the Mists chart. In time, she might be
enchanted again, but this can sometimes lead to the point
where the mortal becomes so Dream-struck that she lapses
into permanent coma and cannot be roused even once she
has left the Dreaming. The more times a mortal has been
Dream-struck, the more prone to this fate she becomes.

The other cure for a Dream-struck mortal is more
severe; a changeling Ravages the mortal, ripping the Glam-
our from her in hopes that the sudden shock will snap her out

Chapcer Taio: The Enchanced


of her Dreaming, like a splash of cold water in the face.
Unseelie often treat their enchanted slaves in this manner to
acquire some quick Glamour in the process of "helping" the
hapless mortals, buteven they are cautious about the method
because of the risks of acquiring more Banality from it.

If the Dream-struck mortal is successfully Ravaged,
she immediately snaps out of her dreaming state, but must
make a Banality roll against a difficulty of 9. Each success
results in the mortal suffering from one level of Bedlam,
and three or more successes drives the mortal over the edge
into permanent madness. If no succ are rolled, the
mortal is returned to the state she was in before becoming

* Dream-struck. A botch on the Banality roll means that the
{ mortal is also no longer enchanted, and must be re-
enchanted (risking additional madness).

Although this method is cruel and dangerous, the
Unseelie find itmore convenient than losinga useful servant
to the mundane world. Many Unseelie believe if they're
going to lose them anyway, one might as well get something
out of their worthless hides. Waste not, want not.

Cpiphany

One of the important elements of relations between
changelings and mortals is the creation and collection of
Glamour. This section looks at the different methods of
gathering Glamour and their effects on mortals, particu-
larly the enchanted. Information on Epiphanies is given
in Changeling: The Dreaming.

Ravaging

By far the simplest means of acquiring Glamour,
Ravaging is also perhaps the most dangerous, because it
forces the changeling to rely on his own Banality to rip the
Glamour from a mortal dreamer. Overuse of Ravaging can
not only deplete and destroy dreamers, extinguishing the
spark of originality within them, it can also cause the

changeling to fall into a spiral of increasing Banality and
reliance on Ravaging to maintain his fae existence. Some
changelings become like parasites that survive by destroy-
ing the dreams of mortals because of this.

Ravaging is technically forbidden by the Escheat be-
cause it robs mortals of their ability to dream, which is
considered a basic right forall. Italso threatens the long-term
survival of the Dreaming, which is born from the collective
creativity of humanity. The more this "pool" is Ravaged and
fouled, the swifter and colder will be the coming Winter.
Like many ecologically concerned, the doomsayers who
claim that Ravaging will be the death of the Kithain and the


Dreaming are largely ignored by the Unseelie and those
others who prefer the convenience of Ravaging.

In order to Ravage a mortal, the changeling must first
establish some kind of relationship with him, usually
through roleplaying (or use of the appropriate Social
traits, if the Storyteller allows). The relationship need not
be a complex one; a few minutes of flirting and conversa-
tion can be enough. The Storyteller has final say on what
relationships are sufficient for any kind of epiphany. Once
this relationship has been established, the changeling can
Ravage the mortal at will with a simple touch.

Ravaging leaves the mortal drained and feeling tired,
listless and apathetic. All of the passion and verve is taken

\
from his manner. There are no usually no physical effects |i

associated with Ravaging, although some sensitive mor- ||
tals and kinain have been known to display physical |;
changes following an extreme Ravaging or series of
Ravagings, most often as an appearance of greater age,
with wrinkles and gray hair appearing.

‘Once a human of kinain has been Ravaged, she is
unable to do anything creative or passionate for a number of
days equal to the Glamour points gained by the Ravager. She
begins to recover after that period until an equal number of
days has passed, at which point she is fully recovered. If
Ravaged again before she is fully recovered, the mortal must
spend even more time recovering from the Ravaging. A
mortal who racks up 10 or more days of "recovery time" may
(at the Storyteller's discretion) be permanently drained of
the ability to produce Glamour and unable to recover. She
isno longer a dreamer, and cannot be Ravaged again. This
has led to the end of the careers of many artists and other
creative souls who have been devoured by Kithain raven-
ously searching for more Glamour to sustain themselves.

There are certain differences in a changeling attempt-
ing to Ravage someone who has been enchanted. A
changeling is automatically considered to have a relation-
ship with anyone he has personally enchanted (with a token.
or forcibly), and need not further develop this if he likes.

Ravaging a mortal who is enchanted rips away the
enchantment from her if the Ravaging is successful. The
Glamour gained by the Ravager comes from any points
used to enchant the mortal that have not expired before
the mortal loses her own, providing a kind of buffer for the
dreanier. The Mists immediately.close inon the Ravaged
dreamer once the enchantment is torn away.

So, ifachangeling attempts to Ravage a mortal who has
been enchanted with three points of Glamour, the Ravaging
roll is made normally. The first three points of Glamour
gained come from the enchantment itself, with the rest
coming from the dreamer. If the changeling fails to com-
pletely drain the enchantment, it remains in effect but its

ik
i

t
if

i)

‘iytl
it!
i


duration is reduced accordingly. So if the changeling had
drained two of the three points from the enchantment, it
would last for only one more day.

Rapcure

The most difficult, bur satisfying, source of Glamour
is the Rapture, a union of a changeling's mortal and faerie
natures to create something new from her own inner
Dreaming. Rapture is a personal journey for the change-

| ling, and does not involve mortals as anything other than
a source of inspiration to spur the Kithain onward.
Oftentimes the love of a mortal can be the catalyst for a
changeling to reach conciliation with his own mortal side
and inspire the creativity needed to achieve Rapture.

(Uaking From the
Oream

Most people are only enchanted for a short time
before the Glamour wears off and Banality exerts its hold
over them once again. The Mists cause most such mortals
to forget the details of their experience and recall their
enchantment as a dream.

Children's Banality is low enough to completely recall
their interactions with the fae. Many children with change-
ling friends continue to have adventures that their parents
believe are only stories or games. Some even have chimerical
"imaginary friends" that no adults can see or interact with. As
children grow older, they believe less in such things and their
Banality increases, causing childhood memories of a world of
magic and fantasy to become blurred until even they believe
that what they recall is nothing more than make-believe.

Very open-minded adults (those with a Banality of 5 or
6) retain vague memories of their enchantments, but are
uncertain if the experience was real. They will find no
support for any of their memories among most other people
they encounter, causing most such mortals to keep silent
about their experiences to avoid ridicule or persecution.

The kinain have a special connection to the Dreaming
and the world of the fae through their Faerie Blood. Kinain
should subtract their level of Faerie Blood Background from
their Banality for the purposes of determining the effects of
the Mists. Kinain recall more of their experiences with the
fae, which makes them valuable friends and allies.

The more Banality a mortal possesses, the less
she recalls about the experience of being enchanted. The
most banal people recall nothing of their experiences with
the fae, leaving great gaps in their memory or vague dreams
at best. Some mortals may seek some kind of therapy or


treatment for these dreams, and usually find them pushed
aside and forgotten altogether eventually.

This can cause complications if a mortal knows a
changeling in both her fae and mortal seemings. A human
friend of a changeling can have seen her fae mien, but recall
nothing of the experience. It will most likely be chalked up
assome weird dream that his friend was actually a faerie. He
may even mention it to his changeling friend in passing
(unaware, of course, of the truth of his words).

This saddens some changelings who have enjoyed the
company of an enchanted mortal to know that she cannot
recall the wonder of the fae realm. It also means that
revealing the truth of the Dreaming to a mortal is usually
a temporary matter unless that mortal is brought into a
freehold, where she can remain enchanted.

If the mortal is enchanted again, she recalls all of her
previous experiences with the fae, the memories bursting back
into her consciousness. Adults may find themselves recalling
encounters with changelings and chimera from their child-
hoods that they had long forgotten. More banal people find the
memories somewhat hazy, but are able to recall what occurred
to them the last time they were enchanted. Some changelings
use cantrips to permanently erase or alter the memories of
enchanted mortals to ensure they will not recall them (or not
recall them correctly) the next time they are enchanted.

A mortal who has been enchanted more than once may
gain a slight decrease in Banality, allowing her to be more
easily enchanted in the future and to recall more about her
fae experiences. However, Banality is also the shield that
protects mortals from becoming Dream-struck, and they run.
the risk of becoming trapped in their inner Dreaming if they
are enchanted too often, which then limits their ability to be
enchanted in the future until they can no longer tolerate the
touch of the Dreaming. For this reason, changelings take
care not to enchant mortal friends too often.

Views on
CEnchancmenc

Enchantmentissomething ofan issue for many Kithain.
It isan ability that can and has been abused in the past, and
can be dangerous to both changelings and the mortals they
enchant. Some look on mortals as puppets and playthings,
while others feel that enchantment is intended to share the
wonder and truth of the Dreaming with as many people as
possible. Uses and abuses of enchantment and the en-
chanted are supposed to be controlled by the nobles, but
there is no real way to effectively police the ability. Many
changelings give the nobles' proclamations lip service and

little else (although some elements don't give such edicts
even that much).

Boggan

Seelie: All folk have some good in them, if you're
willing to look for it. Most of the time all people need is a
chance to open themselves up to things, and all it takes is a
kind word or a thoughtful gift, just little things. Some folk
have more trouble than that. They need more of a boost to
see that there is still Glamour in the world for them. They are
the ones who need the gift of enchantment the most.
Enchantmentis the greatest gift that we have to offer mortals
because it gives them part of us and opens their eyes to see.

Our kinfolk are a source of strength, something to be
valued like a good, solid home. They might not be as in touch
with Glamour as we are, but they need our help all the more
because of it. There is no cruelerfate than to have the potential
to touch the Dreaming and not have that potential set free
because of the selfishness and shortsightedness of others.

Unseeli
They're just not equipped for it. So many of them go mad
when they see things as they really are that it's not worth
the effort, and the kinain are closer to being mortal than
fae. Some of them might think they're ready, but they
don't know what awaits them. Better the Glamour be

Mortals aren't ready to deal with reality.

reserved for the folk who really need it, to keep our
hearthfires warm during the cold days ahead. Enchant the
mortals that you must and leave the rest be.

Cshu

Seelie: | have traveled far and wide, and met many of
our kinfolk. They range in all of the colors and shades of
the rainbow, some good, some bad, others indifferent.
They all have stories of their own. Sometimes, if the tale
isa good one, I weave a bit of Glamour into my story and
offer the kinain the gift of enchantment, for a while at
least.

To show a mortal the endless vistas of our world in all
their wonder is perhaps the greatest gift of freedom that
can be given. With a simple token from my travels, | can
open the eyes of a mortal to all of the many marvels there
are to be seen. Some mortal folk are not ready to live out
in the light, though; they are blinded by its radiance and
must take shelter in the shadows of the Mists. Little by
little, they can be shown the truth, even if it is only for a
brief and shining moment.

Unseelie: The game of enchantment is one so old that
it almost lacks sport anymore. Humans are so easy to trick
into stepping into our world, where we hold all of the cards.
Once they take that step across the threshold, they are ours

Chapzer Two: The Cnchanced 39


todo with as we please. A simple matter to befuddle them or
spellbind them or convince them ofanything you want. And
best of all, once all is said and done, they recall little of what
has happened to them. All in all, I prefer to make my marks
the old-fashioned way, but for anyone looking for some sport
ora quick score, there's nothing like it.

Kinfolk are nothing more than another tie to hold
people down. We don't bother with such things, although
[have encountered many kinain in my travels. Their ties
to us mean that they sometimes have a better sense of our
true nature, but most of the time it means that they are
easier to trick with a simple spell or story. They hunger for
any touch of Glamour, and most of them are willing to deal
with anyone who they think can provide it.

Nocker

Seelie: Humans! Who can understand ‘em? They're a
!@#$% mystery to me. I've got no use for ‘em one way or
another. ‘Bout the only thing that humans're good for is
the fact that they appreciate good craftsmanship when
they see it — most of ‘em anyway. That, and they can
usually take a good insult, not like those noble tight-asses.
A few of ‘em can be worth gettin' involved with, but be
careful, ‘cuz you never know what humans are going to do.
They can be all fine and dandy one minute, but totally go
off their heads if you don't watch out.

The kinain can be pretty !@#$%* clever when it suits
them. Not half so clever as us, of course, but they come up
with some interesting ideas. Most of ‘em have no eye for
quality and wouldn't know a good idea if it bit ‘em on the
ass, but for every hundred of those losers there's one who's
worth bothering to take the time to listen to. The rest of
them just need to be taught to stay out of the &@$!ing way.

Unseelie: Most mortals wouldn't know how to find
their own asses with both hands in broad daylight, and half-
bloods are an even worse waste of space than the @#!$ing
goats. And enchanting them doesn't make them any smarter,
either. About the only thing they're good for is lifting and
moving heavy things around the shop from time to time, and
even then you gotta watch them every minute to make sure
they don't !@#$% things up. I've got better things to do with
my time and effort than mollycoddle some !@#$ing mortal
who wants to play faerie for a while.

Seelie: Enchanting mortals is some of the best fun of
all! I mean, there's nothing like seeing the light of Glam-
our ina person's eyes when she looks at the world like she's

seeing it for the first time. It captures the essence of mortals

The Enchanced

that we love best, the child in everyone. And it can be
even better, like most things in life, if it comesasa surprise.

Lots of mortals really want to be like us, and they have
more fun with Glamour than a kid with a new toy. It's
something that a lot of other fae have lost that we've
always had. Of course, there are some mortals that are real
sticks-in-the-mud who wouldn't know Glamour if it came
up and shook their hands. You ask me, they're even more
in need ofa lesson in how to lighten up and have some fun!
Play a few pranks on them, and teach them a sense of
humor. If you finda mortal that has one, make friends with
him, and get him to help you play a prank on the next one.

Unseelie: | almost don't know why we even bother
investing Glamour in humans. Most of them wouldn't know
awonder if it came up and bit them. I know, I've done it many
a time, and most humans didn't get the significance of it.
Anyways, enchanting most of these poorslobs just freaks them
out. Sometimes a good freak-out can be just what the pooka
ordered, but other times it just makes a bad situation worse.
Don't waste the Glamour if you don't have to, although
sometimes it's worth it just to get them to stop whining.

Most kinain need a real kick in the pants to show
them what they've got and to get them to stop wasting it.
Some of them can't handle the truth, and that's just too
damn bad. The rest of them will thank you in the long run
for yanking them out of their mundane rat-traps and
showing them a little of what's really out there, that the
world's wild and wonderful and not safe at all. We show
our kin what's really going on and give them a chance
instead of letting them sleep their lives away.

Redcap

Seelie: | don't bother mortals and they don't bother

me, that's the way I sees it. I don't have time to screw
around enchanting saps except when they're being too
boneheaded to deal with any other way. I treat ‘em as the
Escheat says, and that's that.
Fresh meat! If you're looking for a good
game, it's worth joining up with one of the sidhe's Wild
Hunts. There's nothing like chasing some mortal loser
through the woods or the streets and listen to him tryin' to
tell himself that it's all not real. There's some good sport
with a human who walks through our turf alone late at
night, too. Once you've got ‘em on the other side, they're
yours. Let the good times roll.

The kinain make a real meaty meal. They can be a
feast, oryoucan pick at ‘em for weeks for snacks. They ain't

Unseeli

got the same protection as mortals do against being pulled
into our world. Don't have to bother with all of that crap
about gettin' ‘em to take somethin' from you — just throw


in some Glamour, season with a few nightmares, and you
got yerself a meal. ‘Course, there's some says that kinain
are almost too easy, that a steady diet of easy food can make
ya lazy and rot your instincts, but they sure is good when
you're lookin' for something quick and easy!

Satyr

Seelie: Youcan have some pretty fun parties with mortal
friends, but fora real party, try enchanting them sometime and
letting them loosen some of those mundane inhibitions! The
Gift of Pan brings us closer to the Dreaming and holds the
power of Banality back for a night at least, giving mortals a
taste of what they're missing. The gift of enchantment is one
of the finest that you can give to your beloved, so that you can
show them the fabulous wonders of the world and sing to them
of a beauty undying, like the beauty you see in them.
Kinain can be some of the best companionship you
can find sometimes. They're often quite eager to ¢:
ence things, and they have a... mortal quality that
compelling in its way. Unfortunately, like other mortals,
they're only good for a twirl and not the dance, since it can
be tiresome to keep them enchanted and away from their
drab, mundane existences. Good people to party and enjoy
time with, especially when there's a shortage of fae around.
Unseelie: Ah, enchantment is our finest art! It is the
flute that we use to pipe the tune that brings mortals to us like
rats. They thirst fora single drop of Glamour in this desert of
Banality, and we provide it to them... fora little while, at
least. Once they have hada taste of the wonders of our world,
they can never go back to theirsimple lives without thinking
and dreaming of what we have to offer. Italways brings them

back for more, whether they want to or not.

Kinain are so useful as fronts for setting up the very best
parties to be found. They know all of the different ways to
contact mortals who bury their deep, dark desires, and bring
them together to release them in a celebration of wild aban-
don. A kinain who knows how to serve is valuable, worth a bit
of the Glamour that we get from such occasions. Just a touch
of the true power to remind him who's really in charge of the
revels. There's nothing like a proud mortal begging you for
what only you can give her and having her willingly yield up
her Glamour for just another few hours of pleasure.

Sidhe

Seelie: Enchantment is the giftof Glamour that we give
t6 mortals to help them understand us. It is the fanning the
small sparks of the Dreaming into glowing embers within the
hearts of humanity to sustain us all in the coming Winter.
Those humans who are worthy can come and bask in the
warmth of our hearthfires for a time and regain some of what


they have lost. It is our duty to see that the Dreaming is not
extinguished here, and we can do so by warming the cold
hearts of some of the humans we come upon.

Our poor kinain cousins are more mortal than fae, and it
is important to remember that. Most kinain have no knowl-
edge of what they are or who we are. They are like fire, a force
that can be useful and illuminating on the one hand, but
which canalso burn anyone who gets careless enough to think
that fire is their friend simply because it does their bidding.
Some few kinfolk seem to have the mettle to be a part of our
society, but even then they are a transient part, simply passing
through in a dream before returning to their mortal lives.

Unseelie: Enchantment at least allows us to impart
some spark of interest in the dull dishwater nature of human-
ity. It makes them useful and docile servants to attend our
needs, and itcan makea chase or hunt for human prey at least
somewhat interesting by giving themachance to know what
they truly face. Most importantly, enchantment is power. It
reminds humanity of the power of Glamour and the power
we have over them. I know of few mortals who can be
confronted with the true seeming of one of us and not quake
in fear from it. Once they have been reminded of their place,
these humans can make themselves useful.

Kinainaremuch like mortals, only with fae traitsthatmake
them more useful to us. They are easier to enchant and less
susceptible to some of the dangers of the Dreaming that afflict
mortals so easily. That allows them to serve us longer when we
require it, and makes them more suitable to travel between our
world and that of the mortals when a fae servant will not do.
Their mortal nature insulates them from the cold touch of
Banality, making them the perfect catspaws for handling banal
matters safely, from a distance. And ifa kinain should be taken
from us by Banality, well, there are always more of them.

Slaugh

Seelie: Like the magical glasses of seeing, enchantment
shows mortals the world as it truly is. Most people are notready
forsuch a gift. They prefer to wrap themselves in the comfort-
able blanket of Banality rather than risk the truth of Glamour.

Kinain dwell on the edges of faerie society just as we
do, but they are mostly unaware of their nature and of their
role in the great web of things, which we are not. Many
kinain benefit from being shown what hides behind the
curtain of mundanity, butsome cannot bear the sights that
are revealed when the curtain is pulled aside.

Enchantment shows mortals the truth, and truth is
the only coin of value in this world. Make sure you get
something equally valuable in return. Kinain often pass on
secrets that they have learned, experiences of the mun-
dane world that are so often overlooked by the Kithain

The Enchanced

that can still be useful to us. Including the kinain allows us
to cast our web farther than most can imagine.

Unseelie: The Mists are like a veil that conceals and
protects mortals from the unpleasantness of the world, like

amask worn over a deformed and scarred face. Take that
mask away, and see how mortals act when the creatures
under the basement stairs stir and whisper to them, or
when the monster in the closet wakes and shuffles in the
still of the night. Some poor mortals have been driven mad
by such things, but perhaps madness is just another kind of
insight. That is our gift to humans, a few drops of pretty
poison. If they're wise, they'll politely decline.

Our half-mortal cousins are outcasts and oddkin.
Little wonder that some kinain join forces with the Au-
tumn People or the Dauntain to huntus, since they cannot
be us. This is the key to understanding a kinain. Do they
wish in their hearts to be fae? Then enchantment can bind
them to you as certainly as the chains of addiction. Are
they jealous of the Kithain? Do they hate and fear us for
who we are? Then they are like a poisoned dagger placed
in your hands to be used against your enemies. Learn their
secrets and use them to learn others', and they are yours.

Troll

Seelie: Some mortal folk can make stalwart compan-
ions and friends in a time of need. There are those humans
who have the mettle to enter the world of the fae and face us
on our own terms. They are allies of great worth or enemies
tobe respected. The power of enchantment isnot something
to be used lightly, but it allows us to face our mortal foes that
are deserving on the field of honor and to deal with others
like the churls they are before the Mists befuddle their wits
once again. It is unfortunate that not all Kithain choose
wisely when picking mortals to enchant. Such shortsighted-
ness is bad for both changeling and human.

Kinain are children of Danu like any other. Their
treatment by some Kithain is shameful, as they should
receive all of the protection of the Escheatas muchas anyone
with fae blood in their veins. Even more so, since they have
not the advantage of fae power and insight to protect them.
If torment comes to them from the Dreaming, we only drive
our cousins into the waiting arms of Banality to shelter from
the terror and wonder that is thrust upon them. If we chase
away our own kin into the depths of Winter, what hope is
there for us? I shall see to it that no kinain suffers unduly at
the hands of our kind just as I would for any creature.

Unseelie: Mortals, bah! Soft and weak things, they
are. | have not met any who was worthy to stain my sword
with his blood, although many of them have been granted
the privilege. Even their strongest are no match for us, and


they are no better than cowering creatures like the pooka
—even less useful, in many ways. They should remain the
enchanted servants of the sidhe and others and be grateful
for that. Others would protect and nurture them as they
seek to hunt and destroy us with their cold touch of their
Banality. I say that war can have only one victor, and it
shall not be mortals and their banal way of life.

ouse Oougal

The members of this most practical house tend to look
upon kinain with;

eir own cleverness and craft,
milar troubles: limited by their
e ing such limitations
bers of the house are

Worling Wilt mae

have been known

and they see kinain as
mortal natures, but ¢:
through clevernessyai

also fascinated by,

chines and metal, and

to become patrons ofa
machines and mech
courts that are often ui

clerk may show them kind

Rouse Gifuned

al artisans who make
ascinate them. Even in
tals, a Dougal steward or

s, even on the sly.

Members of the so-called "House of Secrets" look on

the enchanted as useful td
Kinain and hi

bound to prov|

more often thi
knowledge. E

ences from mo}

and many kina

any knowledgt

Those enchai

guarded secreg

gchanted and spell-
es of the house, but
fated without their
onceal their exist-
dictates otherwise,
p the house without

to learn the well-
ce are usually the
its nobles. Many of

order to gain Glamour from the nobles of the house.
Eiluned offers the kinain magical secrets and power in
exchange for the information and service they value.

Nouse Jona

The pleasure-loving sidhe of House Fiona become
muses to mortal dreamers who offer them some enjoy-
ment through the creation of their art, particularly
charming musicians, actors and other performers who are
filled with the same kind of passion and fire that the Fiona
live for. These relationships sometimes go quite far, and
the Fiona often enchant their most favored kinain and
human dreamers to bring them into their freeholds and

into changeling society, sometimes simply to shock oth-
ers at court and provoke an interesting response.

Ever the agitators for/€hange, the Fiona are vocal
supporters of th the kin. faerie society and
seeing that the' he ns of the Escheat.

in is more often

movement to see

ty extended to all kinain.

ona are simply too scattered and

He

The nobles of y
vetunited cs such a long-
ont

diverse in their
term goal. Their
current paramo

onlyas faras their

House Fiong
iedsenpere and acme
sary, but the most important missions and communications
are still entrusted only to changelings.

House Guiydion

The noble warriors of House Gwydion view mortals as
poor souls to be protected, not equals of any kind. Kinain are
sometimes taken on as squires or helpers by the nobles of
Gwydion, but they rarely everaise to any great station in their
courts or houses, andarestfeated: bypolite condescension.
The sidhe of Ho mare convinced of the superior-
ity of the fae in

‘employ kinain as
e mortal world when neces-

bles respect some
‘ed proves to be a

combination in
at liking to that
‘A squire or evena
knight. Some Gwydi fond of testing mortals in
chimerical duels and j is manner to determine
their worthiness, but few are up to the challenge.

House Liam

The exiled and discredited House Liam is ironically the
most accepting of kinainrofialll kintissinto their ranks. The
scholars and sages of House selieve tha the kinain have
a unique perspective on the nat jortality and the
Dreaming, one that many Kithain have lost touch with living
and hiding in their frecholds: The Liam often use enchant
menttobringkinainand an pe togather
information and act as their ¢ ions and aides in the
mortal world. Itsalliances witl {kinain has given House
Liam much of its knowledge, and ability in mortal
society, and House Liam. provided much of
the information that kinain have about their heritage (some-
times to the displeasure of the other houses).

modern times),
mortal and brin;

Chapzer Two: The Cnchanced



Solomon Grundy, born on a Monday,

Christened on Tuesday,

Married on Wednesday,

Took ill on Thursday

Worse on Friday,

Died on Saturday,

Buried on Sunday,

And that was the end of Solomon Grundy.

— Solomon Grundy, children's rhyme

Thischapterlooksat how changelings proceed through
the different stages of their lives: childling, wilder, grump
and into the realm of Winter and death. Itshows how time
and aging affects them, and how they mark the passage of
time and the changes in their own lives.

Changelings are as much mortal as they are fae, and
they are subject to the ravages of time just like any other
creature of human flesh. A changeling is born into the
world with a mortal life, grows up, agesand eventually dies.
Her fae nature is passed on to her next life to start the cycle
all over again. This is the fate of the exiles from Arcadia,
to be caught up in the cycle of life, death and rebirth over
and over again. Each time the wheel turns, a changeling
moves from one life to the next, hopefully gaining some
wisdom along the way.

The exceptions to this cycle are the sidhe nobles
exiled from Arcadia. Once their spirits pass from this life
no one knows what becomes of them. Death remains a

dark mystery for the nobility, and it is a passage that all of
them fear in their heart of hearts.

Spring: Childling

Children are the most in touch with the Glamourand
the Dreaming. Even mortal children often have a low
enough Banality to see and interact with the things of the
faerie realm. Changeling childlings are precious to the
Kithain for their combination of childhood innocence
and the wisdom and experience that comes from their
immortal faerie natures.

Although childlings might seem immature according
to the standards of most mortals, it is important to remem-
ber that their fae selves are far, far older than their mortal
bodies. A childling may appear to be a tabula rasa in her
mortal seeming, but her fae mien can reflect a deep legacy
of experience and wisdom accumulated through a dozen
mortal lifetimes.

The only trouble for childlings is accessing the infor-
mation. To paraphrase the saying, they remember
everything, they just can't recall it all of the time. Some
childlings with significant Gremayre Backgrounds recall
more about their fae existence than others, giving them
surprisingly adult insights and thoughts at times. Other-
wise, most childlings have returned toa state of grace that
others can only dream of attaining. They are unburdened

The Turning Wheel 45

Chapzer Three:


by the cynicism and Banality that comes from living too
long; their fae natures have been renewed by their rebirth
into childhood innocence, with little or no memory of
their past lives.

atking the Balance

The existence of a childling is

anced between

perienced

e and mortal, wise and innocent,

opposite
yet new to everything in the world. It is this balance that
ildlings their greatest strength, and their greatest
power of childlings is the power of
sodied power of wide-eyed wonder at the
are very close to Glamour and the
Dreaming, and have the highest levels of Glamc
also have very little Banality because they have not yet
been infected with many of life's more mundane and
cynical thoughts and ideas. To a childling the world is an
amazing place where anything is possible, and, backed
the power of Glamour, they can make almost anything
happen.

Childlings are quite capable with cantrips and in the
creation of chimera. A childling undergoing the Chrysalis
is the most likely of any changeling to produce chimera out
or ideas. Most

of imaginary friends and figure:

such chimera are usually protective or at least friendly to
the childling who birthed them, but childlings have been
known to create nervosa or nocnitsa out of their vivid
imaginations as well, especially childlings whose Chrysa
lis is not an easy or p! nt one

Although they have a great gift of Glamour in their
natures, childlings are also limited by their lack of experi-
ence. Although a childli

lifetimes with her fae nature, hers

might have memories of many
ming makes it difficult
to recall them. Such things seem like hazy dreams or
fantasies at best, like childhood games of pretending to be
a faerie prir a brave kn iled noble
Childlings ar

practices of changeling society, and have to relearna great

famil often of the rituals and

deal before they are able to conduct themselves properly

at court.
Childlings «

other Kithain. Even thought they are taken far m

g elders than by their mortal

still c

"too young" for many of the matters of changeling society.

Iso still conside

seriously by their changel

parents and other adults, childlings a1 sidered

They are certainly not involved in the matters of leader

ip or making decisions about the future of kingdoms or
aver woble houses without the advice of regenesvand
eouneilors, Older changelings, especially etumps, often

attempt to shield childlings from some of the worst depre-


dations of Banality and keep them from some of the
harshness of the mortal world. Too much protection,
however, can result in childlings slipping into Bedlam and
losing their grip on mortality altogether.

CDorcal Lamily

One of the greatest problems faced by a childling is
her mortal family, especially her parents or guardians.
Parents who are not themselves changelings or kinain
simply do not recognize the special world of their change-
ling child as anything other than the product of a vivid
imagination (indeed, the Mists specifically prevent them
from doing so). Even the most indulgent and tolerant
parents eventually become confused by the attitudes and
actions of a changeling child, especially if the child wants
to hang around with teenaged and adult "playmates" or
needs to run off to attend court at every full moon.

Some parents are open-minded enough to encourage
their changeling child's "healthy fantasy life." They talk
oh-so-seriously with the child about his "invisible friends,"
even leaving out extra cookies and milk for them, and
make sure to leave the hall light on to chase away the
monsters lurking in the closet. A childling fortunate
enough to have such parents can get away witha great deal
ifhe is careful and knows how to humor his parents' adult
prejudices. Many childlings play the adults in their lives
like well-tuned instruments.

Some childlings are not so fortunate. They live with
parents or guardians who are very banal in nature and are
confused by manifestations of their child's changeling
nature. A childling's family mighteven be Autumn People,
which places the changeling in great danger of being
Undone by Banality if she is continually exposed to the
disbelief and cold comments of her family members: "Why
don't you just grow up?" "Act your age, little gentlemen/
little ladies don't behave like that!" Even the most well-
meaning parents may force Banality ona childling "for her
own good" or take her to a therapist to "cure" her of the
childhood fantasies that she seems to cling to.

The worst cases are the childlings who come from
families without love or affection. These families are as
cold as a dead grove ona winter night. They might even
be physically dangerous to the childling, with physical or
sexual abuse. Such experiences can drive a fae child into
Banality with terrible swiftness, causing her to be Undone
of, worse yet, twisting her Chrysalis and tainting it with
Banality, causing the childling to become Dauntain. These
are the dangers that have caused many changelings to take
an emerging childling from her mortal family.

The Lose Boys

Some childlings are simply unable to deal with the
demands of their mortal families and lives, either because
there are too many questions that the changelings would
prefer not to answer, or because their home lives are too
great a danger to life, limb and spirit. Many of these
childlings run away from home instead of facing their
harsh and unyielding families. The Kithain call these
young runaways "the Lost Boys," (although there are an
equal number of girls, sometimes referred to as "Tinks"
after Peter Pan's Tinkerbelle), and do their best to look
after and provide for them.

Some Lost Boys are supported by their own motley or
oathcircle, who may help them run away. If the group
contains some "adult" supervision (wilders or grumps)
who can see to it that the childlings are cared for and
protected, most nobles are content to leave the matter be
and let the group look after its own.

Some childlings are taken into the freehold of the
local nobility and fostered to older changelings (usually
grumps). Usually such fosterage is done to benefit both the
childling and the guardian, but some nobles have been
known to foist troublesome fledges offon others asa means
of punishment (of the fledge, the guardian, or both) or to
teach someone a lesson in humility.

The trouble with the Lost Boys comes when dealing
with mortal society. Few mortal families ignore the disap-
pearance of a child, and most assume that the child has
been abducted. The disappearance is reported to the
authorities, and the child's known friends and acquain-
tances (such as members of a motley known to the
childling's family) may be questioned by the police or
other authorities.

The Mists provide some protection from these intru-
sions, but a childling who is living with a guardian that is
not approved of by her parents will be taken and returned
to her mortal family. If the authorities can be convinced of
danger to the child should she be returned to her family,
she will most likely be put in the care of the state, which
can often be as dangerous a fate fora childling as remaining
with her mortal family.

In these cases, some childlings must be concealed
through use of Glamour and judicious hiding in freeholds
and other faerie realms where the eyes of the mortal
authorities never look. Being on the run from their fami-
lies and the authorities can be difficult on some childlings,
while others think of it as a sophisticated game of hide-
and-seek.

The greatest concern for other Kithain are those Lost
Boys who slip through the cracks of changeling society.

Chapzer Three: The Turning Wheel


Thesé childlings are often lost to Banality when they
encounter some of the harsh realities of the outside world;
they are hothouse flowers that quickly wither in the cold
Autumn air.

Some of these Lost Boys join together with others to
form motleys and bands composed entirely of childlings.
Most of these groups become wild-child gangs of feral
changelings who live on the fringes of both mortal and
changeling society. Many of these motleys fall into Bed-
lam, abandoning the mortal world entirely. Asone member
passes into Bedlam, others are drawn in as well. Such wild
groups of changelings are sometimes known as "Bedlam
boys" (although the gangs often include girls as well, and
all-girl motleys of childlings are known).

Lostering

The prime means for Kithain society to deal with
homeless childlings, and to see to the education and good
behavior of childlings in general, is fosterage. When a
changeling has completed the salis, he is brought before
the ruling noble and officially recognized. The noble then

chooses an appropriate guardian to see to the education and

protection of the fledge until he is ready to leave the nest.

The Cnchanced

For grumps and even wilders, this process is usually a
fairly brief one. Gramps have enough maturity under their
belts to quickly learn the ropes of Kithain society and all of
thedo'sand don'ts. Wilders learn the basics and then pick up
the rest as they move through the complex world of Kithain
politics and society, eager to be right in the thick of things.
Even the most patient wilder won't remain under the direct
care of his guardian for long after his Saining.

Childlings area different story, however. Because they are
so young, becoming a guardian to a childling is more of a long-
term commitment than fostering a wilder or grump. The
guardian of an older changeling is more of his mentor or older
sibling, while the guardian of a childling is something of an
adoptive parent. Childlings require greater care and knowledge
toteach than others, and changelings who become guardians to
these young fledges have their work cut out for them.

Changelings who are capable guardians are often
assigned to foster more than one childling at a time, and
the bonds created by such fosterage last throughout the
changelings' lifetimes. Childlings who are fostered to-
gether often come to consider themselves adopted siblings,
and their bonds of family remain strong as they grow older.
Many young changeling nobles are fostered together to
promote alliances between houses and families in later


years. The guardians of such fledges also hold re
positions with them as well, such as True Thomas' foster-
ing of High King David and his sister Morwen.

Saining

Saining is the ritual that truly makes a changeling
Kithain, at least in the view of the nobility and most of
their subjects. Saining is where a fledge is given her True
(fae) Name and brought into changeling society after
being taught by her guardian all of the things she needs to
know

Each changeling — and every thing — has a True
the inner
essence of a person, place or thing. In each mortal exist-

Name made up of magical runes that symbol

ence, a changeling forgets her True Name and must
relearn it. The Saining, or naming, is the ritual when the
changeling receives her True Name once again, symboliz-
inga return from the far shores of death back into the world
of the living again, a rebirth of Spring from Winter.
y few changelings know or can find their True

Names on their own. Those who can are destined for
— glory or tragedy, or perhaps both. Most

Kithain learn their True Names on their Saindays ftom the

court seer or another noble who uses the Naming Art

(described in the Changeling Player's Guide) to divine
the runes of the fledge's True Name. This means that the
court sorcerer is a powerful figure, knowing as she does the
True Names of many of the court's Kithain, and sometimes
having the power to alter them.

In addition to discovering her True Name, a fledge
goes before the local ruler on her Sainday to be fully
accepted into changeling society as a citizen of the noble's
domain. The noble may also confer onto the fledge any
titles or inheritances due her upon her Saining, quite
common for sidhe, although commoners might receive
some remembrance or pronouncement if they are notable
enough. The acceptance of the nobility is considered a
formality, but is important to the changeling's future
within Kithain society. This is why the nobility makes far
more of the Saining and other such rituals than common-
ers do.

Some changelings are never Sained, and this is con-
sidered to be terrible bad luck by other Kithain. Most of
these unfortunates are those apart from changeling society
with no others to help them and present them to the
nobility. They may have undergone their Chrysalises
spontaneously without any guidance from other Kithain.

These changelings often slide into Bedlam if they are
not given the opportunity to take up their True Names and


heritage, much like those changelings who fail to undergo
the other rites of passage, such as the Togail an Ainm (:
"Never Grow Up", below). Some of them end upas Dauntain,
or else slip back into mundanity and forget their fae natures,
soon to be Undone by Banality. Many changelings, particu-
larly the Order of Eiliethyia, work to aid Kithain undergoing
the Chrysalis to prevent these tragedies.

Saindaysare always accompanied by parties celebrating
the changeling's Naming, just like a human birthday or bar
mitzvah. It is quite common for friends to offer gifts and to
create art, poems or songs for the Sainday. A great deal of
feasting and celebration follows the ceremonial rituals.

Many fledges, in addition to learning their True Names,
take on "use names" or nicknames that they use in fae
society. This may be something simple like "Shorty" among
the commoners, or some of the longer and more poetic titles
favored by the nobility. The name may be taken to honor a
friend, ancestor, family member or other person the change-
ling respects. Such use names are considered serious business
by most Kithain, and a changeling taking on a new name
during her Saining will definitely find it used.

The Togail an Ainm

The sidhe call the ritual fora changeling to pass on to
the next phase of his life the Togail an Ainm (which
means "raising up the name" in old Scots Gaelic). Most
other kith simply refer to the ritual as Gailday, the Togail
orby theseeming that the changeling is assuming (Wilder-
day or Grump-day). By any name, the ritual is basically the
same, although the nobility tend to carry theirs out with as
much pomp and circumstance as possible. The rite is both
acelebration of all the changeling has done and achieved
and a somber recognition that, in passing onto the next
stage of life, the changeling leaves a bit of his innocence
behind him and draws one step closer to Winter.

Achangeling recognizes when itis time for the Togail
through Kenning. He senses that the time has come for
him to move on with his life. Anyone with Kenning can
make a Perception + Kenning roll (difficulty 4) to notice
a Kithain who is nearing the time of his next Togail.

The changeling and his close friends and family (those
the changeling wishes to invite) gather at a chosen place,
usually the freehold of the local noble, for the celebration of
the passage. Oftentimes a changeling enchants his mortal
friends and family to allow them to witness his Togail, even

if they won't recall it as anything more than a dream.

The celebration of the Togail an Ainm is not unlike a
mortal birthday party, writ large. The noble hosting the ritual
calls the changeling to appear before the court and formally
announce toall of the gathered guests that he is ready to move

The Cnchanced

onto the next part of his life. The changeling often symbolizes
this by giving away things from that part of his life to friends
and family to show they are no longer needed.

As part of the process of growth and change, the
changeling also leaves behind some of his childhood
innocence, which takes the form of Glamour. This usually
appears as a bright puff of flame or shower of sparks that
bursts forth from the changeling's fae mien and is absorbed
by him in a glittering cloud. The changeling gains two
points of permanent Banality.

The Cuese

Because ofthe great gain in Banality caused by the Togail,
many changelings (especially wilders) choose to undertake
quests shortly before the rite in order to lower their current
Banality and compensate for what they will take on with the
passage of age. Some consider this adventure something of a
"last hurrah" for the changeling at that point in her life, while
otherssee itasagrand, romantic gesture in the face of mortality
to keep the spirit of Glamour alive.

A changeling may be accompanied by friends and
allies on the quest, but ultimately it is a task she must
perform alone. Some potential quests are described in
Changeling: The Dreaming. If the changeling succeeds in
her quest, she may lower her permanent Banality by one.

The Orcaming Presence

It is customary to give a changeling presents on her
Togail, just like on a mortal birthday. One special gift
always comes to the Kithain from the depths of the
Dreaming, created from some of the Glamour liberated on
this special day and offered to the changeling as a sign of
the new life and duties she is taking up.

The contents of the gift are up to the Storyteller, but
nearly always reflect the changeling's needs and inner self
at the time of the Togail. It might be a chimerical item or
companion, or a treasure. Some gifts are taken as signs or
omens about the changeling's future, and more portend
some great deed or terrible doom coming for her.

The presentalways appears in an indirect and discreet
way through the workings of Glamour. It might simply
appear as a brightly wrapped box among several others for
the changeling to open. It is also very common for the
Glamour of the dream present to invest itself in another
gift that is offered to the changeling by one of her loved
ones. A gift that is given with love and affection can
become infused with Glamour and enchanted to bea great
boon to the changeling in the time ahead.

The dream present may also appear ina less direct way
as a fulfillment of the changeling's greatest need at the
time. Ifa childling is greatly troubled by one of her parents


being missing and away from home, the gift might bring
that parent back into her life and restore hope and happi-
ness. If the changeling needs to succeed at an important
task, the gift may provide the right kind of help at the right
time to see that she does.

The Storyteller is encouraged to be creative when
making up dream gifts for the characters and getting the
player's input to find out what she thinks the best gift for
her character might be.

Togail Boon

It is customary for the local noble to grant a change-
linga special boon on her Togail, a tradition that the sidhe
take very seriously indeed, Depending on the relationship
between the changeling and the noble who rules the area
he dwells in, the boon might be a simple gift or favor, or it
might be turned into a social or political tool for the
complex maneuverings of the faerie courts.

The noble will grant anything that is within his
immediate power to the changeling who asks for it, but
greedy changelings should be careful what they wish for,
because they might just get it and wish they hadn't. The
boon must be something that the noble can reasonably
grant, and the changeling making the request will be
judged by others on the worthiness of what she asks for.

It is common for a changeling to request forgiveness
of a noble on her Gailday for some past offense, either for
herself or another, and this is usually granted unless the
offense was a very serious crime. Even in such cases, a
noble may offer the criminal a chance at redemption as
part of the boon, calling for a quest or other deed to clear
her name.

Social advancement is also another use of the boon,
and some changelings (mostly sidhe and trolls) request to
be allowed to begin training as knights of the court. This
is avery common request for childlings becoming wilders
and, again, is usually granted by the noble, since the
changeling still has to prove his worth to win his spurs.

Other boons are for the Storyteller to judge, consid-
ering the motives of the noble involved. Some typical
boons include asking for the release of an enslaved mortal,
requesting permission to court someone under the noble's
care like a fledge or a relative, asking permission to bring
someone (mortal or fae) into the noble's holding, a boon
of dross, the noble's attention on some important matter
or some similar favor.

Usually it is the noble of the area where the Kithain
lives who grants the boon, but technically it is whatever
noble the changeling chooses to appear before on her
Gailday who grants the boon. Many changelings go on


quests to appear before some important or famous noble on
their Gaildays to ask bons of them. High King David sees
many changelings who travel great distances to appear
before him for their Togail and ask their boons, and it is
considered great honor to be allowed to appear before the
High Court for such an occasion.

Oaths

The Togail is often a time of making or renewing
oaths to friends, family and liege lords. Some few change-
lings also use their Togail boons to get out of oaths they
have sworn to that noble. Although doing so is never
officially held against a changeling, it does carry a subtle
prejudice with it.

Never Grow Up

Some changelings stubbornly cling to their current
status and refuse to accept the fact that the time has come
for them to take part in the Togail. Wilders are especially
notorious about this, wanting to hold onto their youth for
as longas they possibly can, but some childlings have been
known torefuse to "grow up" and take up the role of wilder.
This is especially true of changelings who have spent
considerable time living in freeholds, many of whom are
already bordering on Bedlam.

Changelings that refuse to go through the Togail
begin to quickly slide into the first stage of Bedlam (or
further if they have already entered Bedlam), and wrap
themselves up in the trappings and wishes of the lives they
cling to. Such a changeling can become lost if he is not
helped to accept his duties and responsibilities and take
part in the rite. No changeling can be forced to take part
in the Togail, but others can attempt to persuade, cajole or
convince their friend to do so, usually after some treat-
ment to take him out of Bedlam and restore his wits.

Summer: CUilder

I don't know,

but I've been told

You never slow down,

you never grow old.

—Tom Petty, "Mary Jane's Last Dance"

Ifchildlings represent a changeling's time of innocence
and play, then wilders represent the time of action. Wilders
always seem to be doing something, unable to sit still and
always on the lookout for a new challenge or opportunity.
These changelings are the wild growth of Summer, the
leaping and dancing of a flame. They also hold the passion
of fire that stirs within their hearts, and wilders are the

The Enchanced

changelings most given to romantic liaisons and grand,
tragic affairs that become the subjects of song and story.
Infused with the energy and vitality of their youth,
wilders have passed from the true innocence of childlings
into a place where they think they know it all. They've
learned from the mistakes and successes of their child-
hood, and now they're ready to take on the world with
their vision and drive. The grumps just shake their heads
and grumble at the wilders' belief in their own infallibility.
They know that these striplings all have to learn for
themselves that things can't always be accomplished with
nothing more than a ready hand and a willing heart.

The Hior-Reigh

Meaning "the trial of kings," the Fior-Reigh is a
tradition among the nobility of testing a fledge before he
is Sained. It is intended to prove that the fledgling is
worthy of his True Name and to give honor to the
changeling, while at the same time weeding out those
unworthy of induction into the court.

The Fior is conducted by the noble who presides over
the fledge's Saining. The noble may call for whatever tests
she wishes to prove the fledge's worth, but tradition
dictates that the tests consist of three parts — courage, wits
andartistry. Most nobles will not alter the traditional form
of the Fior without good reason, although some nobles
have been known to do so as a means of teaching object
lessons to fledges they do not favor.

The test of courage is nearly always one of physical
skill and combat or athletic abilities. The fledge might be
called upon to perform some amazing feat of prowess, or to
accomplish some task set out by the noble, such as crossing

achasm or fighting the noble's chosen champion. Usually
the test will not directly endanger the fledge's life; the
chasm is only an illusion, and the champion fights only
with chimerical weapons, but sometimes the test might
threaten the changeling's life, if only with the possibility
of accident.

The test of wits usually revolves around puzzles or
riddle contests in which the fledge must answer quickly
and correctly to prove his mind is sharp. Sometimes the
test of wits is combined with the previous test, such as a
maze of physical challenges the fledge must find his way
through.

The test of artistry requires the fledge to perform some
artistic skill. Traditionally, the fledge must create and
recite a poem based on one or two subjects given to him by
the noble, and is judged on the quality of the work. In
modern times, other forms of artistry such as dance and


drama have also been allowed to demonstrate a fledge's
qualities.

Once the fledge has completed all of the parts of the
Fior-Reigh, the noble declares her decision on his worthi-
ness to be Sained. This is only a formality, butan important
one. The results of the Fior-Reigh are usually not held
against a fledge who demonstrates a strong heart and
sincere effort, but politics have been known to taint the
results from time to time. A sidhe who is not declared
worthy must either wait a year and attempt the Fior-Reigh
again, or appeal toa more powerful noble. The changeling
remains a fledge under the protection of his guardian until
such a time as the Fior is successfully completed.

Sometimes a noble exacts a geas from a fledge as his
Fior-Reigh and sends him ona quest to test his worthiness.
Fledges who fail the more traditional courtly tests often ask
for such quests in order to prove themselves.

Cueszs

We don't go anywhere. Going somewhere is for
squares. We just go.

—Marlon Brando, The Wild One

A favorite occupation for wilder changelings is to
take on quests. Wilders hunger for adventure, and they
often go out looking for it rather than letting it come to
them. Many a wilder swears an oath to pursue some kind
of goal as a quest, whether that be the discovery of a
legendary treasure or chimera or simply performing a task
for his liege lord. Quests undertaken in the name ofa lover
are especially popular and considered the most noble or
the most foolish (sometimes both).

Other quests may come from a noble to his wilder
vassal, and wilders take to these quests just as readily.
Many sidhe nobles work to keep the restive wilders of their
courts busy with such matters to prevent idleness from
turning into scheming and court intrigue. Better to send
the ambitious young bravos of the court out to slay dragons
(and perhaps be slain by them) rather than having them
at home plotting intrigues to while away the time.

Crrancry

Most of the "quests" undertaken by wilders and other
Kithain fall under the category of errantry. This is the
practice of simply leaving the home court and going out
looking for adventure. It may be a long journey that takes
the changeling across all of Concordia or even the world
(especially common foreshu), or it might be an afternoon's
romp seeking something to do. Many wilders are struck
with wanderlust to travel and see new and interesting


places, and take up lives as errant knights, traveling hither
and yon seeking adventure.
lie errants, such a journey might consist of the
classical feats of the errant knight: righting wrongs, fight-
ing chimerical beasts and aiding the weak and helpless.
Sidhe and troll wilders often become such errant knights,
charging in to fight their battles, while other commoners
take a more low-key approach. Usually the changeling
appears as a simple wanderer or runaway taking whatever
opportunities that come along to do some good.
The Unseelie, when they can be torn away from court
intrigues to go on quests, usually view errantry as more of

A-Cuescing We Cit! Go

There are plenty of different kinds of quests that
changeling characters can undertake in search of ad-
venture and Glamour. Here are some of the classical
quests that the Storyteller can use to introduce such
adventures into the game.

© Rescue: The questor must save someone from a
villain or danger. This could be a princess kidnapped by a
dragon or evil sorcerer, or it might be a changeling in the
handsofmortalauthorities, Autumn Peopleorthe Dauntain.
In either case, the questor must make his way past the
challenges to reach the subject and bring him back safely.

© Get Imprisoned: It might not sound like much
of a quest, but many questors are entrapped because of
their quest. The changeling's jailer might be a Kithain
or chimera looking to interfere with the quest, the
forces of Banality or something as simple as the mortal
authorities. Changelings can also become entrapped in
enchanted places or freeholds that prevent them from
leaving, requiring some friends to help them get out.

¢ Champion: The changeling swears to champion.
a person or cause. This could be championing someone
ina formal duel between Kithain (trolls are particularly
appropriate), or it might mean helping someone, fae or
mortal, who is in need of the changeling's aid. Some
Kithain apply this quest toa larger goal like champion-
ing the cause of a noble, house or family.

© Battle a Beast: The quest that storiesand songs are
made of, the changeling seeks to do battle with some
enemy, usually a monster (dangerous chimera, nervosa or
nocnitsa) that threatens others, but the foe might also be
another changeling (such as an evil sorcerer or noble), a
Prodigal orevena mortal enemy. The highest formof this
type of quest is seeking out and battling a dragon.

Sometimes the beast that a changeling pursues
may not even exist except in his own imagination (like

54 The Enchanced

ameans of having fun (their kind of fun) than any kind of
duty. These changelings are troublemakers, gadflys and a
definite danger to any hapless mortal or even changeling
they happen to encounter. Sometimes Unseelie errants
make a habit of challenging and fighting any Seelie errant
they meet in their travels. This is especially common
among trolls, who take any opportunity to fight, and the
sidhe, who enjoy such noble affairs of honor.
Traditionally, a Kithain on an errant journey consid-
ers herself in the hands of Dan, or Fate. The road that the
changeling follows is considered a metaphor for the road
of life, and the changeling accepts whatever challenges are

the legendary Questing Beast), but for the Kithain,
imagination is a powerful thing, and Glamour can
sometimes make such "make believe" quests a reality.
© Do A Favor: The questor might perform an.
errand or quest at someone else's request. This might be
towin thefavorofanoble orthe object ofthe changeling's
affections, or it might be a price exacted by a chimera or
Kithain who has something that the changeling wants
in exchange for performing the deed. Oftentimes, these
errands are either nonsensical — chimera and sorcerers
have their own obscure motives for things — or very
difficult, such as the noble who sets an impossible task
for the suitor seeking to win his ward's heart and hand.
Find A Treasure: The object of the quest might be
to find a legendary treasure that has important magical
powers, such as the Cup of Dreams, the only known cure
for third stage Bedlam. The treasure may have been lost for
avery longtime, and other Kithain and/or Prodigals might
also be seeking it. Finding the treasure and overcoming its
guardian(s) can make fora long and difficult, but reward-
ing, quest. There also comes the question of what the
changeling will do with the treasure once he has it.
© Seek Knowledge/Wisdom: Many a changeling
embarks on a quest in search of some arcane secret or
piece of lore. Thismighttake the form ofan ancientbook,
scroll or other treasure, or it might be a person or chimera
whose advice the changeling seeks. The Sfochain are
often the object of quests to find them and ask their
advice, as are many secretive sorcerers and ancient chi-
mera who may recall things about the Dreaming and
Arcadia that the Kithain exiled on Earth have forgotten.
© Seek the Dreaming: The ultimate quest for a
changeling is to find a way back to Arcadia. The trods and
gates to the faerie realm are long closed, but many change-
lings still search fora way to make contact again with their
losthomelandand the heartofthe Dreaming. Such an epic
quest could be the basis of an entire chronicle.


put in front of her as the dictates of Fate. A changeling
traveling out on an errant journey may have a seemingly
chance encounter with a situation that she is especially
well-suited to deal with, as if it were intentionally put in
the errant's path. Many changelings consider this to be the
work of Glamour or Dan.

Errants often become attached to the first cause or
problem that they encounter in their travels and devote
themselves to solving it. Some are notoriously single-
minded about it, while other errants tend to address the
symptoms of a problem without dealing with the cause. A
gift of enchantment may help to lift the spirits of a mortal
in dire straits, but once the gift and the changeling who
gave it depart, the problem may simply return as bad as
before. Many errants are only concerned with the adven-
ture, and aren't interested in hanging around for the
"clean up" afterward.

The Long Road

The other, and far more serious, quest that a change-
ling can undertake is the Oath of the Long Road, an oath
sworn to complete some task which has very real effects on
the changeling who makes it. Swearing the Oath of the
LongRoad commits the changeling to undertake the quest
that is named to the exclusion of all else, and exacts a
serious penalty if she fails.

The type of quest may vary greatly (see "A-Questing
We Will Go"), but it is always a serious commitment on the
part of the Kithain swearing the oath. Sometimes a whole
motley or oathcircle may swear to follow the same quest.

Sometimes a time limit is placed on a quest, by the
questor taking the oath, by the giver of the oath or geas. A
year and a day is the traditional length of most major
quests. If the questor is unable to complete her task in the

time allotted, she fails. Other quests have no time limit, or

anear-endless time limit such as "until the stars cease their
journey across the sky." Such quests might take a change-
ling her entire life (or even several lifetimes) to complete.

The Right of Nospreatrcy

Achangeling (commoner or noble) who is on a quest
receives special consideration from the Escheat. Such a
changeling is due a certain amount of respect and hospi-
tality from the kingdoms and freeholds encountered along
the way. Nobles are expected to guest a changeling questor
and offer him what aid is within their means. A questing
changeling (or group of them) can reasonably ask for
shelter in a freehold and expect to receive it in order to
renew Glamour and to rest before continuing on his
journey.


This hospitality does not protect the questor from the
effects of bad behavior, and a host is perfectly within his
rights to eject a rude or greedy questor.

Geasa

The other major source of quests is geasa. Meaning

"bonds," geasa are just that: magical bonds that require the

changeling to fulfill some task or prevent the changeling
from performing some action. They are created through
the use of the Sovereign Art, and they are sometimes used
by the nobility to enforce or require quests of others.

A changeling operating under a geas must still take a
quest seriously, because geasa are often dangerous. Nobles
almost never geas a changeling to go on a quest that is
certain death (anything short of that is certainly a possi-
bility), but the noble who does so will have to face the
consequences of her actions at a later time. A noble who
makes a habit of manipulating the people of his court with
geasa too often is likely to become the catalyst for a
rebellion, or feel the influence of King David's courtiers
politely "suggesting" that he desist such activity.

Some geasa are actually intended as rewards for a
heroic changeling, an opportunity for a member of the

court to seek glory and Glamour on a quest. Most often,

they are used as a means to keep some of the young bravos
of the court busy and less able to interfere with the daily
affairs of the court itself. Geasa are one of the tools by
which the grumps are the real power behind the change-

ling nobility.

Dotracs

I do have a test today. It's on European socialism.
What's the big deal? I'm not European. I don't plan on
becoming European. So why should I care if they're
socialists? They could be fascist, anarchist pigs. It still
wouldn't change the fact that I don't have a car.

—Ferris Bueller, Ferris Bueller's Day Off

Wilders are considered by most of changeling society
(which is to say, by themselves) to be the movers and
shakers of the Kithain courts and of changeling nobility.
This, like many things about the Kithain, is both true and
false.

Wilders are full of the energy and vigor that makes
dynamic leaders, and many wilder nobles are quite effec-
tive and influential. High King David is himself a wilder,
an ideal that other wilder nobles look up to as an example


of the young, dashing hero-king. Wilder nobles are active
leaders and passionate about their politics.

However, wilders rarely have the kind of patience and
tact required for the great game of politics. They may be
very successful generals and heroic figureheads. Some
even have a knack for diplomacy and the intricacies of
court intrigue, but most prefer the "fun" parts of being a
leader over the mundane (read: dull) tasks of keeping
records, listening to disputes and handling the day-to-day
affairs of the people of a kingdom, most of which are
anything but exciting.

The wilders are the fire in Kithain politics; they are
the agitators, the passionate speechmakers, the military
commanders and the flamboyant heroes. Without them,
the courts of the nobility would not be half so interesting,
and Kithain society would not be nearly as dynamic.

By the other road, the wilders must be reigned in and
tempered by the wisdom and experience of the grumps, or
else they would turn changeling society into a chaotic
combination of party, debating match and running war.
The boundless energy of the wilders is like the summer fire
itself; useful, powerful and bright, but capable of consum-
ing and destroying heedlessly if it is not carefully bounded.

(Uar

One of the things the wilders are best at is making war.
Most of the great warriors and soldiers of the Accordance
War were wilders at the time, and they are considered the
best warriors of the Kithain. Most childlings do not have
the skill or killer instinct to make them capable warriors,
and fewer still have the authority needed to lead others
into battle. Some grumps are amazingly skilled, but most
of them lack the fire and passion that drives the warrior's
spirit. Most grumps have also seen enough conflict to be
less enamored of the idea of bashing someone's head in or
cleaving him in twain with a sword.

Fortunately for the Kithain, wars among their kind
are rare indeed. The only great war of kith against kith was
the Accordance War more than 20 years ago. Before that,
nothing that could be considered more than a skirmish
occurred between changelings. There are legends of a war
in Arcadia, perhaps one that resulted in the exile of the
five sidhe houses to Earth, but little is known about that
apart from rumor and speculation.

Sometimes there are conflicts with chimera, espe-
cially nervosa or nocnitsa, that require the skills of
changeling warriors, and the Dauntain are often fought by
the paladins of the noble courts, but these conflicts are
always short-lived battles, not true wars. Most changeling
battles are fought against the forces of Banality, and that

is a war of an entirely different kind. Banality cannot be
fought directly with sword and skill; it must be confronted
indirectly with the powers of Glamour and imagination.
The most important changeling war is ongoing, and the
greatest warriors of that conflict are the muses, artists,
dreamers and bards.

Still, the arts of war are a major pursuit for many
wilders, especially wilder sidhe and trolls. Nobles and their
retainers still train in the old ways of honorable combat in
their freeholds, learning to use chimerical blades and
bows. Trolls especially retain a strong martial philosophy
that calls for every troll to be trained asa warrior and ready
for battle with the forces of Banality or anything else that
would harm their charges. Commoner wilders are less
often trained in the arts of battle. While most would prefer
talk or trickery over a fight, they are still handy with such
at-hand items as brooms, frying pans or the occasional
pipe-wrench.

The best commoner fighters are without question the
redcaps. These bulldogs have a natural talent for brawling
and fighting that seems bred into them. Many redcaps
augment their natural aggressiveness by learning how to
fight in their mortal seemings. They learn combat in street
gangs and back-alley rumbles where the elegance and
grace of courtly combat are as far away as a dream from a
nightmare. Redcaps learn to fight for real, and they rarely
do so with any grace or honor. To them, the purpose of
fighting is winning to survive for another day, and having
a little of their idea of fun along the way.

Romance

Although any changelingcan feel the stirrings of love
and romance, the time of courtly love belongs to the
wilders in many ways. The wilders have learned some
things about love that are not told to childlings, and they
lack much of the cynicism about affairs of the heart so
common to grumps. Many a wilder feels the thrill of
passion and hears the call of romance.

Wilders live up to their name with their romantic
pursuits. They live the ideals of courtly love to the fullest,
wining, dining and serenading their heart's desire. Adven-
tures are undertaken and great deeds accomplished in the
name of love, and many a wilder is made a fool for the sake
of a kind word or a gentle glance from the object of his
affection.

Becrocthal and Carriage

One of the results of all of this romance is marriage,
with which most wilders generally don't concern them-
selves. It is not the goal, but the chase that is important in

Chapcer Three: The Turning Wheel


the world of romance. Marriage is a sign of the kind of
settling down that wilders like to avoid.

More common among wilder sweethearts is a be-
trothal, a commitment to each other that is less binding
than a formal marriage. Oaths are often exchanged for a
betrothal, usually ones that are only binding for a short
time. Traditionally, a betrothal lasts for a year and a day,
and then is either renewed or not depending on the
feelings of the couple at that time.

Aucumn: Grump

Age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time.

— bumper sticker wisdom

Very few changelings survive the cold and banal world
long enough to become grumps. Perhaps only one in 20 make
it this far with their fae miens and memories of Glamour and
the Dreaming intact. This makes grumps the rarest of
changelings, and gives them the respect of the Kithain.

Grumpsare also objects of some humor and sympathy
on the part of the other changelings, because one doesn't
make it to being grump without showing some scars from
it. Grumps are the most cynical and banal of changelings,
their youthful vigor and innocence worn down by the
passing of years and their experiences. Other changelings
see grumps as wet blankets and fuddy-duddies oftentimes,

while only the grumps know the lessons that come with
age and experience.

Grumps are respected for their knowledge and wis-
dom, at least when they deal with wilders and childlings
who can sit still long enough to listen to them rattle on
about their stories and such. They are also the real movers
and shakers of changeling politics, culture and society.
They protect the ancient knowledge and see that it is
passed on and kept alive, if only b

Family and Children

Some changelings say that having children of your
ownisone of the sure signs of becominga grump. Childlings
are children themselves, and only think about families in

ause no one else can.

terms of playing house or going to court. Most wilders
become positively green at the idea of being tied down
with a family and offspring. Only the gramps understand
the important role they play in having and raising chil-
dren, both their own and those of the fae community.
Since few changelings have permanent marriages or
even long-term relationships, grumps often cooperate to
raise their children, both natural and adopted. Most grumps
feel a kinship to others their age who have similar experi-

The Enchanced

and backgrounds, and they often work together to
share the load of caring for and teaching the children.

Many grumpsare single parents, and it is fairly rare to find
achangeling couple with children. Rarer still is a changeling/
mortal marriage that has managed to survive the difficulties of
living between two worlds for very long. Some changeling/
kinain marriages have managed to work out well and produce
children with a fair likelihood of being changeling or kinain.

Whether a child is changeling, kinain or mortal, a
grump parent cares for her and loves her just the same.
Some kith are less hospitable to children in general, and
mortal children in particular. Boggans, obviously, make
wonderful parents, giving their children all of the love and
attention they could possibly want. Other kith, like the
redcaps and the sluagh, often abandon their children or
leave them with mortal families to raise them, leading to
no few confused childlings and wilders in later years.

Kinain children raised by changeling parents grow up
around changelings for much of their lives. They tend to
be less banal than other kinain, and they are often en-
chanted, allowing them to spend time in freeholds and
with changeling friends and playmates. Kinain children
still need some reminders of their mortal heritage, how-
ever, or else they will become Dream-struck.

Mortal children can be both a joy and a sorrow for
changeling parents. A mortal child has much the same
innocence as a childling, and grump parents often recap-
ture some of their own innocence through the act of
raising a child. A child's first steps or first new game can
even prove to be an epiphany for a parent, who sees the
Dreaming reflected in her child's happy smile.

But mortal children eventually feel the call of the
mortal world. Mortals cannot long dwell in the world of
the Dreaming, and there comes a time when a fae parent
must let a mortal child go out into the world. The child's
innocence fades, and the parent must watch Banality gain
a foothold in the child's spirit.

Sometimes it can be delayed, but it can never really be
prevented. A mortal child who lives too long in the world
of the fae becomes Dream-struck and helpless, while a
child who becomes too wrapped up in mortal, mundane
life is lost to Banality and forgets the Dreaming forever.
Such is the struggle and the tragedy of changeling parents.

With the power of Glamour, it is possible for a change-
ling parent to outlive her mortal or kinain child. Many
changelings cannot stand the pain of losing their children or
watching them suffer the ravages of age, and many grumps
choose the Forgetting rather than live with that possibility,
slipping into their mortal seemings permanently and forget-
ting painful memories of a life that could have been.


CDencoring

Part of their roles as parents gives grumps the respon-
sibility of cating for the childlings of changeling society.
The wilders simply can't be bothered to look after the
younger ones, and the grumps know well that the childlings
represent the future of the Kithain and must be protected.
Grumps and childlings are often close and look out for
each other while the wilders rush off on their adventures.
Sometimes grumps insist on going along with childlings to
take care of them. Grump members of motleys (both male
and female) often become the den mothers of the groups
by looking after the welfare of the childlings and offering
advice to the wilders whenever they bother to listen.

Grumps make up the greatest percentage of fledge
mentors, and mentoring new changelings is one of their
greatest responsibilities. A mentor teaches the fledge all of
the important things she needs to know about changeling
custom, tradition, history and manners. A grump mentor
is the best at this because the grumps have both the
experience and (usually) the patience for this important
task.

In this way, the grumps shape the new generation of
changelings who will be Sained, and many well-known
grump mentors have social and political influence far out
of proportion with their stations. A grump who has

mentored many important fledges might be able to bend
their ears when necessary to get things done, and such a
grump could have a great deal of pull at court as an advisor
or even power behind the throne. Although the wilders
might do most of the work of ruling and holding court, the
grumps have the knowledge, experience and the connec-
tions to make things happen when they so choose.

Cuscom and Ricual

A wilder is just a grump who has no use for tradition.

— popular grump

Grumps are the guardians of changeling custom and
ritual. They have learned both the form and the deeper
meaning that goes with those rituals. They have gained an
appreciation for the formalities of changeling culture that
wilders and childlings cannot quite understand. This
makes grumps well-suited to be the guardians of change-
ling cultural traditions.

As the older members of the community, grumps
have a duty to remind other changelings about the tradi-
tions of the Escheat, the celebrations and honorings of the
Wheel of the Year, the customs regarding Saining, foster-
ing, change and death. In short, the grumps are the ones
who oversee all of the many traditions and customs de-
scribed in this chapter and in other Changeling books.


Most important rituals will be presided over by the
eldest grump in a changeling motley, community or free-
hold. This is one reason why court seers are often grumps in
charge of rituals like the Saining and the Togail. Grumps
take their role in sustaining changeling traditions very
seriously, as tradition is one of the ways that the Kithain
remember the Dreaming and keep Banality at bay. During
the time of the Interregnum, their traditions were one of the
few things that the exiled fae on Earth could cling to.

The Lorgeccing

Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most.

— bumper sticker wisdom.

The thing that grumps most fear, even more than
mortal death, is the Forgetting. Grumps accumulate Ba-
nality just as they do gray hairs and little aches and pains.
As they grow older, they become more and more in danger
of forgetting their fae natures and lapsing back into their
mortal seemings for the remainder of their lives. Most
grumps are Undone by Banality long before the end of
their mortal lives.

Forchangelings, aging has all of the effects that ithas on
mortals, but it also had the additional effect of a slow slide
into mundanity. The wear and tear of mortal life leads to the
slow accumulation of Banality, like a fine sculpture being
worn away by years of rain and sand. So is the changeling's
fae mien worn down by time in the mortal world. Eventually,
when they acquire enough Banality, grumps slide forever
into the Mists and forget who they really are.

The Forgetting is the reason that changelings struggle
tohold onto their youth. Most of them donot fear mortal age
or death because they know that they will return in another
mortal life; only the sidhe fear the specter of death. What the
fae truly fear about age is the Banality that it brings and the
possibility that their fae selves might be Undone.

Rather than fall into mundanity and Forgetting, many
older grumps take great risks and undertake quests like they
may have done in their youth to reduce their Banality and
perhaps recapture a spark of their youthful spirits, For many
grumps this is almost certain death, but they would rather go
out ona glorious quest and move on to the next life than be
slowly smothered by the forces of Banality.

Other changelings also feel that grumps sliding into the
Forgetting should be helped if at all possible in accordance
with the Escheat. Others say that the Forgetting is a natural
process and doesn't count as something that the grumps can
be "rescued" from. Truly conservative changeling factions
feel that a grump in danger of being Undone by Banality
should be put out of his misery so his fae spirit can find
renewal in the next life. Most changelingsare shocked at this

The Cnchanced

prospect, sounding as it does like Dauntain propaganda and
knowing that it leads only to spreading the taint of Banality.

CUincer:
The Journey ofOeach

All those memories, lost — like tears in rain. Time to
die

— Roy Batty, Blade Runner

Half of the heritage of the Kithain is mortal, and in time
even they die. The death of a changeling is a sad occasion,
but it is also a celebration of his life and his passing on into
the Summerlands, where he will be reborn once again.
Changelings are great believers in the idea that funerals are
intended more for the living than the deceased, so they make
them celebrations of life and a fitting way of remembering a
departed loved one. Only the occasion of a changeling's
True Death by cold iron, which destroys his fae form forever,
is considered a tragedy by the fae.

The sidhe havea much different view on death. Since
no one knows for certain what becomes of the sidhe after
death, it is a frightening mystery for them. Sidhe funerals
are somber and sad occasions where the sidhe mourn the
loss of their immortality and the paradise they once knew.

The PDassage

Death can come to changelings in all of the many
ways that it does to mortals, and quite a few others that

most mortals have never even imagined. Kithain mortal
seemings are just as vulnerable to injury, illness and other
forms of harm as any other mortal. The powers of Glam-
our, particularly the Primal Art, can be used to help
changelings quickly recover from many forms of injury,
but some damage is too great for even the most skilled
healer to repair.

Physical harm is something that all changelings do
their best to avoid. Among themselves, most changelings
prefer chimerical combat to settle disputes when combat
is necessary, since it causes no permanent harm to the
combatants. The same is true of combat with chimerical
creatures that changelings may encounter on quests or
other adventures. Chimerical "death" can be inconve-
nient, even seriously debilitating as it brings the changeling
one step closer to the Forgetting, but it is never fatal, an
important distinction for changelings.

The Kithain's mortal enemies, however, know noth-
ing of chimerical combat. The Dauntain prefer to attack
changelings with their bane, weapons of cold iron. Al
though other physical weapons will overcome most


changelings, they do not bring the final death that is the
Dauntain's goal. In their view there is little point to killing
a changeling who will simply be reborn into the world
somewhere else at some point. The final destruction of all
fae spirits is their goal.

‘When a changeling accumulates too much physical
damage for his mortal seeming to survive, he dies. The
same is true of any changeling who falls prey to a serious
illness or the ravages of old age beyond the power of
Glamour to cure. When the time comes, as it must to all
mortal things, the changeling passes from the mortal
world.

Reoirch

Fortunately, most changelings who suffer mortal death
have their fae spirits pass on to the Summerlands. Many
changelings believe that their spirits return to the Dream-
ing in death for a time before being reborn into the mortal
world again. No one can say for sure, since memories of the
Dreaming are obscured by the Mists, and changelings are
uncertain whether their recollections of the land of eter-
nal Glamour are from before the Sundering or from times
when their spirits have passed through the Dreaming
between mortal existence:

Some time after passage into the Summerlands, a
changeling is reborn into a new mortal seeming some-
where in the world. Oftentimes, changeling nature is
passed through family lines, and the same changeling
spitit may become part of many mortal lives in that line.

For others, their mortal seemings appear to have no
connection to each other as far as they can remember.
Most changelings recall nothing of their previous mortal
seemings in the world. Each rebirth is a renewal of the
changeling's innocence and fae nature, and he is allowed
to see the world through the eyes of a child once again.
Some rare Kithain have fragmentary memories of their
other mortal lives. Such changelingsare often seers, sooth-
sayers or mys

Some Kithain scholars believe that changelings are
able to recall all of their experiences in the mortal world,
from all of their incarnations, during that time when their
fae spirits dwell in the Summerlands. This gives the
changeling an opportunity to reflect and learn from expe-
riences in the mortal world. It is even speculated that
changelings who achieve sufficient wisdom from their
experiences are able to return to fabled Arcadia, but if this
is so, no Kithain has returned to tell of it.


Final Oeach

One thing can keep changelings from their rebirth,
tearing them from the Wheel of Life and casting them
forever into the outer darkness. That is the power of
Banality. Banality seeks to suppress and destroy all things
of Glamour, including the fae spirits of changelings.

Cold Iron

This most common instrument of Banality used to
destroy changelings is cold iron. Pure iron, the metal that
brought the Golden Age to an end in blood and fire, is the
physical manifestation of Banality in the mortal world.
Fortunately for the Kithain, folk in modern times have
tempered and weakened the power of iron with their
science and imagination by changing iron and mixing it
with other elements to form new metals developed from
human creativity. The application of human thought and
imagination to cold iron has weakened its power so that
the different alloys of iron like steel have no more effect on
changelings than any other metal.

For cold iron to be effective against changelings and
other things of Glamour, it must be fairly pure iron, not an
alloy or combination with other metals. Ideally, the iron
should be worked as little as possible, so that the power of
imagination and Glamour has not had the opportunity to
blunt the banal power of the metal. This means that
instruments of cold iron are often crudely worked and ugly.

The touch of cold iron causes discomfort to change-
lings, a kind of cold ache that seems to spread through the
body. It is not painful, but it is very unpleasant. The
discomfort causes enough distraction to increase the diffi-
culty of any action the changeling takes by one. Cold iron
chains or bonds are difficult to overcome. Additionally,
cold iron acts as a kind of lightning rod for the power of
Glamour, "grounding" it and neutralizing it. It is impos-
sible for a changeling or kinain to gain Glamour through
epiphany while in contact with cold iron.

The greatest threat of cold iron is its ability to drain
the Glamour from a changeling's fae spirit. Attacks with
cold iron weapons drain a point of Glamour for each
successful hit along with any damage done to the change-
ling as the power of Banality gnaws at the changeling's

spirit. Even if no damage is done, a successful hit with an

iron weapon causes the changeling to lose Glamour.

If a changeling is killed with a weapon of cold iron,
her fae spirit is drawn into the banal power of the iron and
destroyed, cast into oblivion. Only the death blow must
come from an iron weapon, since the iron draws forth the
fae spirit and all of the Glamour within at the time of


death. The mere idea of death by cold iron is enough to
make any changeling shudder with fear.

The dangers of Banality and life as a changeling
sometimes leaves the Kithain no time to recover the
bodies of comrades who fall to violence against mortal or
Kithain enemies using physical force. These unfortunates
make up part of the long list of children, runaways and
eccentrics who simply turn up dead in the World of
Darkness. Their deaths are usually blamed on gang vio-
lence, kidnappers, serial killers and other forces as the
Mists close to conceal anything of the victim's fae nature
ordemise. Ifthe mortal authorities notice anything strange
about the occasional victim struck down by a cold iron
blade or "random" act of violence, they keep it to them-
selves.

Undoing

The other way in which Banality can destroy the
Kithain is through the Undoing. Unlike to touch of cold
iron, the Undoing is nota swift death. It isa slow, creeping
paralysis that comes over the changeling so gradually that
it is sometimes not even noticed until it is too late for
anything to be done.

The Undoing occurs when a changeling falls too
deeply into the grip of Banality. Over time, the changeling
forgets everything about her fae nature. She returns to her
mortal seeming forever, and her fae mien slips away into
the cold darkness of Banality to be smothered and then
snuffed out. This is the fate of most changelings who live
to aripe old age, and the reason that the fae fear growing
old. By the time the mortal flesh dies, the fae spirit is
usually long since departed.

A changeling who is Undone by Banality has her fae
mien entirely suppressed. She is forever a mortal thereaf-
ter, with no memory of her fae existence of the Dreaming.
Ofcourse, upon the death of the mortal flesh, the fae spirit
is then free to join with mortal flesh once again, continu-
ing the cycle of birth, death and rebirth.

Sidhe Oeath

The sidhe are unique among Kithain when it comes to
the matter of death. They fear it, but they wouldn't have it
any other way. Otherwise, they would be just like the rest
of us commoners, a fate far worse than death.

— Ariadne, sluagh grump

The sidhe appear to be the only changelings who do
not follow the Wheel of Life that brings the Kithain back
tothe mortal world after the death of the mortal seemings.
Although the sidhe are incarnated into the world in
mortal seemings in the same way as other changelings,

once they pass from mortal life, no one knows what
becomes of them. There has been no evidence since the
time of the Resurgence that the sidhe return to life in new
mortal forms once their time on Earth is done. This
mystery is like a doom that hangs over every sidhe, and
their ignorance of their ultimate fates causes the sidhe to
cling fiercely to life.

Many theories have been ventured on what happens
to sidhe after their mortal deaths. Some are hopeful, while
others are filled with doom and despair. Although they
practice outward indifference, many sidhe nobles obses-
sively collect lore and scraps of wisdom concerning what
happens after death so that they may perhaps glean some
knowledge about their final ends.

One theory suggests that the sidhe exile to Earth is
temporary. Once they have lived their mortal lives and,
perhaps, learned some wisdom about the world they aban-
doned so long ago, their fae spirits are allowed to return to
Arcadia after the deaths of their mortal selves. This is
connected with the changeling belief that all changelings
return to Arcadia before being reborn again into the
mortal world, only the sidhe are back to stay. This is as
close to an "official" view that the nobility hold about
death, as many find it comforting, even if it isn't necessar-
ily true.

At the other end of the spectrum, it is suggested that
death is the final punishment visited upon the sidhe. At
the end of their mortal lives, their fae spirits are cast into
oblivion and destroyed, consumed by Banality. With the
sidhe's greater sensitivity to Banality, scholars say, perhaps
their spirits cannot make the journey that returns them to
the mortal world without being devoured and destroyed.
Without mortal seemings to protect them, sidhe are to the
forces of Banality like sheep before a pack of hungry
wolves, the sages suggest.

Between and around these opposing theories are
many other possibilities as to the fate of the sidhe after
death. Many believe that the sidhe do partake of the cycle
of the Wheel of Life, but that they follow it in a way
different from the other Kithain. It may be that the time
before sidhe return to the mortal world is quite long. Since
the sidhe have lived on Earth only since the time of the
Resurgence, it is possible that there hasn't been time
enough for any to return to mortal life yet, but that they
may in the future.

A truly scandalous theory, put forth by some of the
scholars of House Liam, is that sidhe do return to mortal
life through the Wheel of Life but that they return as
commoners, to give them some opportunity to partake of


the same existence as those who were left behind when the
gates of Arcadia were Closed, and perhaps gain some
wisdom and humility by learning to understand the lives of
those they rule firsthand. This idea is popular with many
commoners (of course), some of whom even make claims
toa previous incarnation as sidhe. The nobility asa whole
rejects this idea as absurd, and wise commoners do not

speak of it at court.

The Wake

Death is that state in which we exist only in the
memory of others. No good-byes, just good memories.
—LT:
The major changeling rite involving death is the
wake. When a changeling dies, his family and friends
gather to celebrate his life and remember him. Wakes are
always the ultimate neutral ground. All divisions are

asha Yar, Star Trek: the Next Generation

forgotten in the remembering and honoring of the de-

ceased. Commoner and noble, Seelie and Unseelie, all
seemings and kith mix and mingle at the gathering.
Traditionally, the wake is held at the home of the
changeling who has passed, among her possessions and works.
If this is not possible, itis held in some place that had special
meaning to the deceased in some way. The deceased's kin,

oathmates and close friends hold places of honor duri

wake, and traditionally speak in turn to remember the de-
ceased and celebrate her life. Friends comfort each other and
bask in the renewal of ties of life, love and companionship.

Mortal and kinain relatives of the changeling are often
enchanted to bring them into the wake and allow them to
share in the celebration of life. Most of them do not recall the

s anything more than a dream about the deceased, but
they still find themselves comforted by the experience, their
grief eased with the help of the Kithain.

The wake isa place and time for the releasing of all of
the emotions associated with the changeling who hi
passed. There is crying and grief for the loss of a friend and
loved one, but there is also celebration, recollection,
laughter and fun. The Kithain believe that the best way to

knowledge the life of a changeling is by sustaining the
Dreaming that gives them all life. Wakes are a way to
honorand celebrate the Glamour of a changeling's life and
keep that sacred fire burning.

During the wake, any last words or wishes of the
deceased are heard, and many Kithain swear oaths to
uphold those wishes or undertake some last request of a
friend. The deceased's chimerical possessions are distrib-
uted w her friends and loved ones, who place them inthe
homes of the changeling's kin, often without the knowl-
edge of mortal kinfolk.


Some Kithain do not like the tradition of the wake.
They prefer to ignore death in hopes that it will go away,
and refuse to attend wakes, funerals or other acknowledg-
ments of death, even those of close friends. These
changeling are certain candidates for Bedlam, since ac-
knowledgment of death is one of the major ties to the
mortal world. Fortunately, most Kithain understand the
need for the wake and find comfort for their own fears
about death in the celebration of another's life.

To the sidhe, the wake is an important ritual that
eases their fears about death. It is believed that the wake
and the remembrance ofa deceased sidhe helps him to pass
on to whatever awaits him on the other side of the great
veil. Ifthe ritual isnot performed as it should be, the sidhe's
spirit is doomed to oblivion, although some sidhe have
said that they would almost prefer that fate to the possibil-
ity of returning to the world as a commoner.

Lunerals

Give me a Viking funeral.

— Alan Moore, V for Vendetta

While wakes are considered an important part of
changeling culture and traditions, the Kithain have little
concern as a whole about funerals. The disposition of the
mortal remains, once bereft of fae spirit and the spark of life

and Glamour, is not very important to the fae. So long as
the body is treated with respect, it can be disposed of in
whatever way the deceased or his friends and family see fit.

For most changelings, a humble grave is the most com-
mon disposition of their mortal bodies after death. Just as the
changelingspirit emerged from its mortal seeming like a flower
spreading open in the sunlight, so does the spirit eventually
leave the body like a seed and the mortal flesh returns to the
earth tocontinue the cycle of the Wheel of Life. Some redcaps
carry this concept forward in their own strange manner, and
honor the deceased by eating his remains and, perhaps, taking
some small part of his essence into themselves.

For some Kithain, a mortal funeral will not do. The sidhe
have their own somber ceremonies for the disposition of one of
their own. Sidhe funerals are often very elaborate affairs, as if
dressinga funeral up inenough ceremony and ritual canconceal
its true purpose. A proper funeral is consider by some sidhe to be
apart of the entire ritual needed to send their spirits on to what
awaits them and is almost as important as the wake itself.

Trolls also consider funerals important. A troll warrior
needs to be laid to rest with proper ceremony and ritual to
honor his spirit. Usually the troll is built a great funeral pyre
where his body and his primary chimerical weapon are laid
outand the fire lit. Some trollsstill follow the ancient custom
of sending their dead out to sea aboard a burning boat.



This chapters all about creating.a kinain character.
It offers specific guidelines on choosing Traits that are
appropriate, plus information on new Backgrounds, Mer-
its, Flaws and special Faerie Gifts that are specific to kinain
characters.

TheDrocess

The process for building a kinain character is similar
to that of building a changeling character. The two share
many traits in common, including the same Attributes
and the concepts of seeming, Legacy and (to a degree)
kith.

© Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, Legacy, age category and heritage

© Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Men-
tal (6/4/3)

Choose Physical Trai

Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Ap-
pearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

© Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (11/7/4)

Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Strength, Dexterity, Stamina

© Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5) and Fae Gifts (5)

© Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record beginning Glamour, Willpower and Banality
as determined by your seeming

Spend freebie points (15) for Merits and Flaws, Faerie
Marks, Arts or Realms or to raise other Traits

Concept

As with any character creation, the place to begin is
with a character concept. Give some thought as to the
kind of kinain character you want to play and how that
character might develop. The kinain are different from
their fae cousins and are more strongly connected to their
mortal lives and families, so consider what the kinain's
background and role in mortal society is.

Kinain come from every walk and stratum of mortal
life as well as every race, creed and background possible.
The Kithain are by no means the sole changelings on
Earth, and many kinain are descended from fae ancestors
from other places and cultures around the world. This is
especially true in Concordia (North America) because of
the rich cultural and ethnic diversity found there.

Most kinain tend to be expressive and creative in
some way, which often leads them into occupations that
allow them to use their talents. That does not mean all
kinain are artists or even Dreamers. Most kinain are not

Chapcer Four: Kina Characcers


aware of their heritage, and channel their talents into a
variety of occupations, including science, farming, sales
and even accounting.

Kinain may know little or nothing of changeling
society or even of the existence of changelings. Players
should consult with the Storyteller to find out how much
their kinain characters know about the fae at the start of
the chronicle. This can affect the concepts and Back-
grounds that will suit new characters.

Legacies

Kinain characters have Seelie and Unseelie Legacies
just like changelings do; however, they do not have more
thanatokenallegiance to either Court. The kinain simply
chooses which Legacy is the dominant one and follows it.
Most kinain follow their Seelie Legacies in the modern
world, since many of the Unseelie Legacies often result in
the person being ostracized from society at best, and being
killed or sent to prison at worst. Despite that, there are
plenty of kinain who follow their Unseelie Legacies.

Both Legacies contribute to making up the kinain's
personality, just as with a changeling. Some kinain follow
one Legacy and then the other for a time, depending on
the circumstances. In fact, kinain seem more likely to
switch Legacies because they generally do not owe their
fealty to one Court or the other, and do not concern
themselves with the social or political implications of
their behavior.

Age Category

A kinain character's age category is based on her
mortal age. This is her physical age, just the same as it is
with a changeling. Most kinain are rarely able to benefit

from the age-suspending effects of life in a freehold, so

their age category is usually the same as their actual age.
Kinain advance in age categories as they progress in mortal
years, gaining Banality along the way and slowly losing
touch with their faerie identity for the most part.

Kinain do not usually go through the Togail an Ainm
ritual. Fae society rarely recognizes the changes in the lives
of kinain in the same way as it does changelings. Kinain do
gain the same increase in temporary Glamour as change-
lings do when they pass from one stage of life to the next,
along with the same increase in permanent Banality. The
various rituals, boons and Dreaming gifts of the Togail
only occur for kinain if they are allowed to take part in the
ritual by a faerie mentor or patron.

The Cnchanced

Age category determines a kinain's beginning Tem-
pers much like it does for changelings. See Chapter One
for more information on kinain age categories.

Nerrcage

All kinain have some measure of Faerie Blood in
them. This blood usually comes to them from a fae ances-
tor or ancestors. It may be as recent as a parent or
grandparent, or as long ago as the family founder in the
distant past. The blood can be hidden in a family for
generations before appearing again, and many mortal
families of fae descent had kinain and changeling children
following the flood of Glamour released by the Resurgence
in 1969.

Most of the time, a kinain's blood calls strongly to one
particular kith from which the kinain is descended. The
kinain takes on some of the physical aspects of that kith just
like a changeling's mortal seeming does. Troll kinain are
usually very tall and broadly build, and boggan kinfolk are
smallerand rounder. Details of the appearances of particular
heritages are given on pp.14-15 in Chapter One.

A kinain's heritage may also affect the Fae Gifts and
Faerie Marks that appear. Certain heritages are more
prone to particular gifts and marks than others. Satyr
kinain, for example, often manifest the Bardic Gift. The
playerand the Storyteller should take the kinain's heritage
into account when considering gifts, marks and other
aspects of the character.

Aoiliaes

Kinain haye access to most of the same Abilities that
changelings do. Additional Abilities can also be found in
the Changeling Player's Guide.

Talents are inborn Abilities that are usually not
learned, but gained through experience and trial and error.
Particularly appropriate Talents for kinain characters in-
clude Artistic Expression, Empathy, Persuasion, Fortune
Telling (especially for kinain with the Second Sight),
Style and Subterfuge.

Skillsare learned through trainingand practice. Kinain
can know virtually any Skill, but some of the most com-
mon include Animal Ken, Drive (for almost any wilder or
grump kinain), Etiquette, Fast-Talk, Game-Playing and
any appropriate to the kinain's occupation or hobbies.

Knowledges are gained through schooling and appli-
cation of the mind. Many of the more arcane Knowledges
are rare among kinain unless they have some experience
with the occult or with changeling society. More common


Knowledges include Computer, History, Law, Linguistics,
Politics, Science and other such "mundane" Abilities.
Kinain characters cannot start with more than three
dots in any Ability, but you can later use freebie points to
give your character up to four or five dots in an Ability.

Backgrounds

Kinain characters have different Backgrounds from
those of their changeling kin. They may have the Con-
tacts and Resources Backgrounds from the Changeling
rulebook, but cannot have any of the other changeling
Backgrounds, which are connected to the changeling
nature and culture of the Kithain. Instead, kinain charac-
ters have their own unique set of Backgrounds to choose
from. The most important of these determines the kinain's
relationship to the fae, and the gifts given to kinain by
their faerie heritage, as well as advantages they have in the
mortal world.

Lae Backgrounds

Fae Backgrounds are part of the heritage of a kinain's
Faerie Blood. They are unique abilities, many of them
resembling things that changelings themselves can do.
The number of Fae Backgrounds a kinain may have is
dictated by the number of dots she has in Faerie Blood
Background. No kinain may have more than five Fae
Gifts.

Like the rest of their fae heritage, some kinain are
unaware of the nature or origin of the Fae Gifts they have.
Low levels of some Fae Gifts may be passed off as coinci-
dence, imagination or even mental illness by kinain and
other mortals. The higher levels of Fae Gifts often con-
vince a kinain that there is something unique about her,
but other mortals may think that the kinain is insane.

Chimera Companion

You have the attention, interest and possibly loyalty
of an intelligent chimerical creature of some kind. This
might be an "imaginary friend" from childhood, some
other character who has caught your imagination, or a
chimera that finds you interesting for some reason.

Normally you are unable to see chimera or interact
with them unless you are enchanted. This means that even
you can't see your companion much of the time. You can
hear your companion speak to you sometimes (Perception,
difficulty 5), and the companion can help you by protect-
ing you from chimerical dangers and telling you what it
sees and hears in the faerie world. If you are enchanted, you
can see and interact with your companion normally.


Characters are sometimes surprised to discover that the
image they perceived from the voice does not match the
chimera's true appearance. A deep and booming voice
could belong to a chimerical bullfrog, or a soft, sultry tone
mightactually come froma chimera that is frightfully ugly.
Players should consult their Storyteller about what
type of chimerical companion they can have and what its
appearance and abilities are. More powerful chimera may
have their own goals or plans for the character.
A minor chimera with the intelligence of a
loyal house pet. The chimera cannot speak
to you, but can communicate through vari-
ous noises (growling, meowing, burbling
and such). The chimera and you may even
come to understand a simple system of sig-
nals that allow it to pass on basic informa-
tion. ("What's that, Lassie? Timmy's fallen
down the well again?")
A useful companion with human-level in-
telligence but no significant powers. This
companion is smart enough to talk (regard
less of its appearance) and tell you what it
knows, but it is not powerful enough to use
Arts or be a significant threat in chimerical
combat.
A chimera with some real power (one dot in
an Art or an equivalent magical power).
Keep in mind that the chimera may have
trouble using its power on the real world or
even on its companion if the companion is
not enchanted and her Banality needs to be
overcome.
A powerful companion with up to three dots
in Arts. This may be a mythical creature, a
spirit or even a weird alien or fictional
character.
A legendary companion with up to five dots
in Arts. This could be a chimerical dragon,
genie, "guardian angel" or other mystical
figure. The chimera is highly intelligent,
and may be able to impart some information
about the Dreaming to you, but it may also
have its own agenda to follow and its own
reasons for helping you.

Oross

You have access to a source of dross (see Changeling:
The Dreaming) like a faerie glade, a crystal cave, a
particularly eccentric antique/junk shop or even a fount.
This allows you to periodically gather dross that you can
use for casting cantrips and for your Faerie Gifts rather


than having to use your own limited amount of Glamour
for them.

Dross can also give you a valuable edge in changeling
society by giving yousome "coin of the realm" to exchange
for favors and aid on occasion, but you will have to keep to
source of your dross a well-guarded secret against the
Kithain and other kinain who will desire to seize it for
themselves.

The rating of the background indicates how much
dross can be "harvested" from the source at any given time.

1 point of dross is available per week.

2 points of dross are available per week.
3 points of dross are available per week.
4 points of dross are available per week.
5 points of dross are available per week.

Faerie Blood

A kinain's closeness to her fae side determines how
close to the Dreaming and Glamour she is. In game terms,
being kinain is a Background that all kinain have to some
degree. All kinain characters automatically have one dot
of Faerie Blood, and may spend Background and/or freebie
points to increase their rating.

The degree of the Background shows how close you
are to being a changeling, rated in levels from 1 to 5. The
rating also affects your access to Fae Gifts. Some people
have only a trace of Faerie Blood in them, just enough to
make thema little eccentric, while others are much closer
to being changelings themselves and are pretty offbeat
dreamers and visionaries.

A character with Kenning can determine if a person
has Faerie Blood by looking at her. The difficulty of the
Kenning roll is 10, minus the character's level of Faerie
Blood. Success tells the seer that the person is kinain or
reveals that she has no Faerie Blood in her, if she are
mortal. A failure reveals nothing, and a botch gives the
seer false information, telling him that a kinain is actually
mortal.

A faint trace of Faerie Blood, most likely
from a distant ancestor that has skipped
several generations to you. You are slightly
more creative and in touch with the Dream-
ing than a mortal, but not much more than.
that. You may have one Fae Gift.
Astronger glimmer of Glamour froma faerie
grandparent or great-grandparent. You may
have two Fae Gifts.

Enough Faerie Blood to draw the attention
of changelings (Kenning, difficulty 7). Most
kinain who become involved in fae society

for any length of time have at least this level
of the blood. You may have up to three Fae
Gifts

Faerie Blood likely inherited from a change-
ling or kinain parent or a strong bloodline
that has been born true for some time. You
may have up to four Fae Gifts.
First-generation kinain, born of one or two
changeling parents. You are very clearly
kinain to any changeling who takes the time
to notice you (Kenning, difficulty 5), and
have the potential to learn fairly substantial
cantrips of your own. You may have up to
five Fae Gifts.

Faerie CDencor

You have the good fortune to have been taken under
the wing of a changeling mentor who has taught you
something of changeling society and your heritage. Your
mentor can offer useful advice and aid to you from time to
time, based on the value of this Background. A faerie
mentor can also teach you different Arts and Realms up to
the level of your Faerie Blood Background, allowing you to
cast cantrips.

A mentor can also serve asan introduction to Kithain
society for you, providing you a protector and a sponsor to
introduce youto the court. Your mentor may prefer to keep
his relationship with you discreet, or he may treat you as
an equal and bring you into a freehold from time to time.

A faerie mentor can be from any kith and either
Court, and may have his own motivations for helping and
teaching you. The mentor may be related to you and feel
some bond or debt to you, or he might want something
from you with or without your knowledge. Some change-
lings teach kinain some useful tricks in order to make
pawns of them, while others are fair and just teachers and
friends. Some of the Changeling Ties Merits and Flaws can
help further define the nature of the mentor.

° The mentor is not of significant status or

ability. He can teach you one Art of the
Storyteller's choice and offer you some basic
information about changeling society, but
he is not very involved in it.

The mentor has some valuable pieces of
information to pass on to you, and may
teach you two Arts. The mentor has a fair
involvement in changeling society.

The mentor is a good teacher and call tell
you any basic information about changeling
society. The mentor also knows who all of

Chapzer Four: Kinain Characzers


the major Kithain (nobles, etc.) are in the
area, and can teach you up to three Arts.
Your mentor has great knowledge or influ-
ence, and may be a noble or advisor to the
court. They may teach you up to four Arts.
You mentor is a person of great influence
and knowledge, almost certainly a noble or
other Kithain of importance. He can teach
you up to five different Arts and have great
wisdom to pass on, if you're prepared to
listen and learn. Such significant mentors
often have equally significant enemies.

Leth Fada

The Mists cloak your presence and actions to some
degree, just as they do with changelings and other things of
the fae. You can use this to your advantage to conceal any of
your more unusual qualities or activities. It also makes you
more elusive than most people; mailing lists and databases
lose track of you eventually, and most people tend to forget
about you once you have moved on. Only close friends and
family remember you as anything more than a vague impres-
sion; other people forget once they are no longer interacting
with you, requiring a Perception roll against a difficulty of 5
+ plus your level of Feth Fiada, to recall anything about you.

While not true "invisibility," the Feth Fiada does allow

you to sneak around more effectively, as people forget about
yourpresenceassoonas you have passed by. Youcanadd your
dice in this Background to your Stealth rolls and subtract
them from any Perception or Investigation attempts to find
you. This ability can frustrate faerie-hunters to no end, but
it can also isolate you from the rest of mortal society.

The ability does not affect changelings, enchanted
mortals or chimera, who are all perfectly able to notice and
recall you.

° Yeah, he was here a minute ago, I think.
Didn't really notice that much about him,
though.

Huh? Yeah, I guess so, but there's are a lot of
people who come and gohere, y'know. Could
have been here, but I couldn't say one way or
another.

I'm telling you, I don't know who took it. I
don't remember seeing anybody, and I can't
imagine how anyone could have gotten back
here without me seeing them, there's just no
way.

Yeah, I know it's on the sheet for the day,
but I swear I don't remember giving out a
ticket then, and there's nothing in the data-
base on the guy forwhen I would have called

The Enchanced

it in, so it must be a mistake. Don't worry
about it.

No, officer, I don't know who attacked me. I
just can't remember anything about him, or
maybe her. [don't know. Can I gohome now?

Kenning

Although thisisa Talentforchangelings,somekinain gain
theability ofkenningasagift of their fae heritage. Thisgivesyou
the ability to detect things of Glamour even without being
enchanted, allowing you to sense Glamour and the presence of
changelings, chimera and other things of the Dreaming. This
Background works exactly the same as the Kenning Talent (see
Changeling: The Dreaming, for more information).

Note: This Background does not allow you to see or
interact with any chimera or anything other than the
mortal seeming of a changeling. You merely sense the
presence of those things, and (at higher levels) can ken
some information about their nature and power.

CDorcal Backgrounds

One of the greatest advantages of the kinain is their ties to
mortal society. Kinain have more active mortal lives than their
changeling cousins; they are less caught up in matters of the
Dreaming and pay more attention to the mundane details.
While this means that kinain are more banal than changelings,
it also leads to them having more power and influence in the
mortal world, influence thatcan be useful tothe Kithainandcan
help kinain smooth things over to allow them and their allies
some latitude in doing the things that need to be done.

Alhes

You have human friends who can help you out when
youare in need. Allies are not at your beck and call, but they
will do what they can to help you out, and will even go out
of their way to help as long as it is not dangerous for them to
do so. By definition, Allies have some useful abilities, influ-
ence or contacts that can benefit you. For each point of this
Background you have, you have one Ally.

Allies are generally trustworthy friends who will not
betray your interests. They may or may not know of your
fae nature. If they do know of it, they are willing to keep
ita secret. An Ally may also ask a favor of you at some
point (you are supposed to be friends, after all), and you
should do what you can for them or risk losing the Ally's
help the next time you need it.

. One Ally, of moderate influence and power

° Two Allies, both of them of moderate power
eee — Three Allies, one of them quite influential

eeee Four Allies, one of them very influential


¢ Five Allies, one of them extremely influ-
ential

You are widely known among mortals, perhaps as a
famous writer, performer or athlete. Your fame gives you
certain advantages (like preferential treatment), but it
can also get you a lot of unwanted attention sometimes.
Fame gives you a great deal of pull with the media, gives
you the chance to influence others through your work,
and perhaps spread the power of Glamour a bit (although
the Glamour fades the more your work is distributed).

The Storyteller may allow you to use Fame + a Social
Attribute to accomplish some tasks, like convincing a
maitre'd to get you a table immediately or to convince
someone that he should listen to you. Your rating in this
Background is a measure of how famous you are.

Fame cannot be combined with the Feth Fiada gift; the
concealmentofthe Mists precludes becoming famous, which
is why few changelings achieve any great level of fame in the
mortal world. They prefer to work behind the scenes and let
the mortal Dreamers take all of the credit, while they take
the Glamour. Mortals famous for their creative or artistic
abilities often attract changeling muses, one of whom may
become a mentor.

° You are known by a select subculture of the

city you live in.

Your face is recognized by the majority of
the people in your home city; local celebrity
You are fairly famous; your name and face
are known by many

eee You are quite renowned; everyone has at

least heard of you

e@eeee Youare nationally or even internationally

famous — a movie star, politician or major
athlete.

Influence

Your influence is a measure of your political power in
mortal society. It is not unlike havinga title in changeling
society. Few kinain have titles, but many of them are
quite influential with other mortals, something that most
Kithain tend not to bother with.

Your rating in the Influence Background is a measure
of your influence and what you can accomplish in the
social and political scene. Occasionally, the Storyteller
might call for a roll using Influence in place of an Ability
to determine how effective you are at getting what you
want out of the political machine.


A kinain does not have to be vastly influential to
affect things in the mortal world for the good or ill of
changelings. Someone on a local school board can make
decisions and bring about changes that can have consid-
erable effects on the local childlings and wilders.

Moderately influential; a factor in local poli-
tics

Well-connected; a factor in city politics
Position of influence in state politics
Broad personal power; a factor in regional
politics

Vastly influential; a factor in national poli-
tics.

Lae Gifcs

Fae Gifts are signs ofa kinain's special heritage, benefits of
theGlamouroftheirfaerie nature. Someare purchased similarly
to Backgrounds with varying degrees of potency whileothersare
advantages that the kinain either has or doesn't have. The
character's degree of Faerie Blood defines how many Fae Gifts
can be taken, one for each dot in the Faerie Blood Background.
The level of Fae Gifts purchased is not affected by the Faerie
Blood Background, however. So a character with one dot in
Faerie Blood may only have one Fae Gift, but this may be five
dots in Bardic Voice oreven Honored Birthright. Some of these
gifts are the same as those allowed for changeling characters,
whileothersare unique to the kinain and appear to bea function
of their combined faerie and human heritages.

An-da-shealladh:
(2 pone Fae Gife)

You have the "spirit sight" that lets you see and hear
chimera and the fae mien of any changelings in the vicinity
as if you were enchanted all of the time. However, you
cannot interact with any chimera unless you are enchanted;
they are nothing more than solid-looking phantasms to you.
This can have some advantages in rendering you immune to
chimerical attack, but it also prevents you from benefiting
fromany chimera unless you are enchanted (which can have
interesting results if you try to walk across a chimerical bridge
orsit onachimerical flying horse). You also can'tnecessarily
tell if something is a chimera or not unless you try to touch
it, which means that caution is always advised with dealing
with something strange.

This gift can quickly get you certified as insane in the
mortal world if you continually tell others about seeing

things that aren't there, especially when those things are

faeries and mythical monsters.


The Bardic Gifc

Your Faerie Blood gives you the gift of the true bards of
old. Through the use of the Performance or Persuasion
Abilities, you can inspire deep feelings in others. Tradition-
ally, those with this Gift were trained as musicians, but the
use of the Gift does not require singing. You can use any
aspect of the Performance or Persuasion Abilities to convey
emotions: poetry, speeches, song, dance or music. The only
limitation is that you must perform live for the gift to have
aneffect. Your written or recorded work may still be brilliant,
but it will not carry the power of Glamour with it.

° Strain of Soothing: With a successful Cha-
risma + Ability roll (Persuasion ot
Performance, difficulty 7), you can create a
pleasant atmosphere where everyone feels
comfortable and at ease. The difficulties of
Social rolls for the remainder of the scene
are reduced by one.

Strain of Laughter: A successful Manipulation
+ Ability roll (difficulty 8) sends your audience
into screaming fits of laughter at your perfor-
mance. The audience members are all but
paralyzed with laughing for a number of turns
equal to the successes rolled, and will not re-
spond to anything but a direct threat. This
ability can be especially effective if used to make

someone else the subject of satire or ridicule.

Strain of Sorrow: A successful Manipula-
tion + Ability roll (difficulty 8) sends your
audience into a storm of weeping. The audi-
ence members will be caught up in the
emotion for a number of turns equal to the
successes rolled, and will find themselves
very sympathetic to the subject of the strain
and/or you. Kinain have been known to use
this gift to gain boons from the most hard-
hearted nobles and chimera.

Strain of Slumber: A Charisma + Ability roll
with a difficulty equal to the subject's Will-
powercan place thesubject indeep, enchanted
slumber for a number of minutes equal to the
number of successes rolled. During that time
the subject cannot be awakened except by
some kind of violence (including grabbing
and shaking him vigorously).

Strain of Truth: A Charisma + Ability roll
(difficulty 9) allows you to convince your
audience that whatever story you tell with
your performance is absolutely true. A mas-
terful storytelling (4 ormoresuccesses) results

ina Rapture for you; roll Charisma + Ability
against a difficulty of 8 and gain one point of
Glamour for each success. A botched roll on
a Strain of Truth gains youa point of tempo-
rary Banality.

Lich-fach

This isa minor ability to call upon the power of the Mists
similar to Feth Fiada (above), except that it works at your will,
and canactively conceal you orsomethingelse from detection
much like the cantrip Veiled Eyes (see Changeling: The
Dreaming rulebook). It requires a point of Glamour spent and
a Fith-Fath roll against a difficulty of the highest Banality
present (which may well be your own Banality).

The obscurement lasts for one turn per success rolled.
The difficulty to penetrate the Fith-Fath with Perception
+ Kenning is 4, plus the number of successes rolled in the
casting. Few mortals will even know that a Fith-Fath has
been cast, so they will not even try to penetrate it unless
they have reason to be suspicious (such as well-trained
guards or faerie-hunters alert for such tricks).

Honored Biachright:
(5 pone Fae Gifc

You Faerie Blood is strong, and you have inherited the
Birthrights of your faerie heritage (see the individual kith
for details on their Birthrights). That means a sidhe kinain
gains two extra dots of Appearance, a troll kinain gains
benefits to Strength and Willpower, and so on.

If a Birthright requires interaction with chimera or other
things of the Dreaming (such as the chimera creation of the
nockers), you can only perform that Birthright while enchanted.

You do not suffer from the Frailties of your heritage
unless you take the Flaw Inherited Frailty.

Nine Lives: (4pome [ae Gite)

You have a remarkable ability to bounce back from
chimerical "death." Whenever you suffer enough chimerical
damage to "kill" you and drive you back into the mortal world,
youare thrustintoacomalike stateasnormal, but youare treated
asif your Banality were only 1, regardless of youractual Banality
rating. So, you remain unconscious for only an hour, and
awaken with total recall ofeverything that happened while you
were enchanted right up to the moment you were "killed."

You can do this trick a total of nine times during the
course of a chronicle before exhausting this Merit. After
your ninth chimerical death, or if your permanent Banal-
ity ever reaches 10, you lose the use of this Merit and are
affected by chimerical death normally, as dictated by your
Banality rating.


Darced ODiscs:
(5 pone Fae Gife)

The Mists do not fog your memories or perceptions of
things in the fae world. You recall everything that happens
to your while you are enchanted, and can remember any
manifestations of Glamour or the faerie that you experience.
Youmaystill be killed by chimerical damage, and youremain
unconscious for the normal time dictated by your Banality,
but once you awaken, you recall your experiences exactly.
Thisability allows you to function very effectively in change-
lingand mortal society, moving intoandoutofenchantment
without any difficulty. Such a kinain can make a valuable
ally for the Kithain, but can also be a dangerous enemy, able
to penetrate the Mists to locate changeling prey.

Riascradh: (5 pom Lae Gifc)

The battle frenzy of many warriors of legend can fall upon
you when you engage in chimerical combat. By spending a
point of Glamour upon entering such a combat, you gain two
additional dice to all of your combat rolls (both attack and
defense) for the duration of the combat. You must attack with
achimerical weapon or attack of some kind. You receive only
half the bonus (one extra die) for physical combat of any kind.

The drawback of the Riastradh is that once you have
invoked the battle-frenzy, you cannot withdraw from the
combat until you or your opponent is unconscious or
dead, and there is a clear victor. You may spend a
Willpower point to attempt to snap out of the battle
frenzy by making a Willpower roll against a difficulty of 8.

Once you come out of your battle frenzy, you will be
weak and tired for some time, suffering +1 difficulty on all
rolls until you have rested for at least 30 minutes.

The Second Sight

You have the gift of the Second Sight, the ability to
know what is to come in the future. You receive informa-
tion about the future as flashes of insight and visions as
well as prophetic dreams and omens.

The Storyteller can make a Perception + Second Sight
roll at any time to see if you might learn some insight about
a particular event, person or place. The basic difficulty is 8,
and each success gives you one piece of information about
events involving that person, place or thing. A failed roll
gives youno information, anda botch gives youa false vision.
about the future that may lead you astray.

You have no real control over the visions; they come
to you unbidden and are never predictable. Oftentimes
what you see is a direct vision of future events, but just as
often the information may be couched in metaphor and

16 The Enchanced

symbolism, requiring you to interpret what you saw. The
Dream Interpretation Ability can be useful for this.

The Storyteller is encouraged to use this ability to
provide the characters with hints, foreshadowings and
useful clues about what is to come without letting it
dominate the story. The players should generally not feel
locked into a single future that they cannot change, or else
their involvement in the story becomes somewhat moot.

You can see up to two weeks into the future
You can see up to six months into the future
You can see up to five years into the future
You can see up to 50 years into the future
Youcan see any distance into the future, but
any time further than 50 years ahead is very
difficult to predict accurately and has a
difficulty of 10.

Spearmans Shield

Your belief in your own invulnerability can protect you
from chimerical damage. Each dot in this Background gives
you an additional soak die against any form of chimerical
attack. The only limitation is that your "shield" is a function.
of your beliefand bravery; if you suffer from fear or doubt, the
protection fades. Any cantrip orsimilareffect that causes you
to lose your courage forces you to make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) each turn to maintain your protection. A failed
roll means that you lose the benefits of the shield for the
duration of the encounter. A botched roll causes you to lose
the shield for a full day and a night.

The Spearman's Shield only protects you from chi-
merical damage; it does not affect physical damage in any
way. It does protect against cantrips and other forms of
Glamour that cause real physical damage, such as the
effects of the Pyretics Art.

Tagharm: (2 poinc Lae Gife)

You have the ability to call the spirits of the dead and

speak to them. Such spirits are not under any obligation to

come when you call, nor are they required to dos you ask,
but you can use persuasion, bargaining and even threats
(either bluffs or ones you can back up) to get them to do
as you want. The spirits can provide advice on the doings
and dirty secrets of the mortal world as well as use their
own powers to aid you. The Restless Dead will never do
anything for free — they will want something in return.

Tadhsear: (I pom Lae Gif)

You have the ability to see the spirits of the dead. You
cannot speak to them or hear them unless you have the

Taghairm gift, but you can see the spirits as clearly as you


At times the Storyteller might require a
rength of the Shroud to

can anyone els
Perception roll against the local

spirit (see Wraith: The Oblivion for more details).
This gift does not allow you to see chimera, only the dead.
Many times this gift can prove a double-edged sword,
since you often see things that no one else can, and many
wraiths can be an unexpected and frightening sight
indeed.

(Weakened ODiszs:
(1-3 poz Fae Gif)

You havea greater ability to recall things that happened

to you while you were enchanted. The Mists do not cloud
your memory as much as they should, Subtract the rating of
this Merit from your Banality (toa minimum Banality of 1)
when determining the effects of the Mists on you. You recall
more about your enchanted experiences, and tend to recover
more quickly from being "killed" in chimerical combat.

‘Tempers

Kinain have the same Tempers as theit faerie cous-
ins, but they deal with some of them in slightly different
ways, particularl A kinain
character's beginning Tempers are decided by her seem-

Glamour and Banality

ing, plus any freebie points that the player chooses to

spend on them.

CUittpower

quality that starts out the same for
kinain as it does for changelings. Kinain can have just as much

Willpower is the

Willpower as any changeling, and many kinain are extraordi-
narily willful. Kinain use Willpower in the same ways that
changelings do. They may also spend a point of temporary
Willpower to overcome being Dream-struck for a short time.

Each time the kinain needs to break out of the trance of
dreaming to act or notice something, a Willpower point

must be spent. If enough Willpower points are spent, the

kinain can overcome being Dream-struck for an indefinite
period of time (determined by the Storyteller). Recovering
from being Dream-struck still requires the kinain to spend

some time in the mortal world away from things of the fae.

Kinain recover temporary Willpower in the same man-
neraschangelings: generally each time the kinain sleeps and
dreams, one point of Willpower is regained. At the end of
each story, all temporary Willpow

Glamour

All kinain have a spark of Glamour in them, their

points are regained.

heritage from their Faerie Blood. Itis very precious to them


because it is their tenuous link to their fae side and they
have a very finite amount of it. Kinain cannot replenish
their temporary Glamour as easily as changelings can.
They can only gain Glamour in two ways: having a
changeling give it to them through enchantment, or
creating it themselves by achieving a Rapture.

Fortunately for them, kinain need to use Glamour less
frequently than changelings. Few kinain know many cantrips,
and only some Fae Gifts require the expenditure of Glamour
to function. Those kinain who know who and what they are
and understand the nature of Glamour use what they have
sparingly, since they never know when —or if — they will be
able to replenish it.

Like changelings, kinain lose permanent Glamour as
they age, their Faerie Blood slowly giving way to their
mortal heritage.

Banalicy

Banality is the other half of the kinain's heritage, as
much a part of them as Glamour is. Kinain are strongly
rooted in the mortal world and mundanity; they are
human justas they are fae, and this makes them more banal
than most changelings.

Kinain also slide more easily into the stable routine of
Banality. Most of them were raised in mortal society with
the idea of routine and structure worked into them. They
are more susceptible to falling into mundane routines and
forgetting their faerie heritage.

One reason for this is the fact that kinain gain Banality
formost ofthesame reasons that changelingsdo, butthey have
fewer ways to reduce their temporary Banality, making it more
likely for their permanent Banality to increase. Since one of
the primary ways of reducing permanent Banality requires
gaining Glamour, andkinain have very few ways to doso, they
are usually stuck with whatever Banality they acquire.

On the other hand, kinain have the advantage that
Banality is not so great a difficulty for them. Kinain are used
to operating in the mortal world, and they are not as affected
by having higher Banality as changelings are. Kinain who
make use of cantrips may find them less effective when they
are not enchanted, since they must overcome their own
inherent Banality to make them work.

For most kinain, the biggest problem of growing
Banality is the deepening of the Mists. As their Banality
increases, it becomes more difficult for kinain to recall
their experiences with the fae and enchantment. If her
Banality becomes high enough, akinain's experience with
all things of the Dreaming can be entirely erased or
become twisted into a strange dream or nightmare. This

The Enchanced

SSA
PUPAL RAL

results in many kinain becoming lost to the Glamour, and
a few of them becoming Autumn People.

CDerics and Laws

Many of the Merits and Flaws from the Changeling
Player's Guide can apply to kinain equally well, and
kinain characters are allowed to take Merits and Flaws.
Kinain also have some unique Merits and Flaws based on
their mixed heritage that are described in this book. Up to
seven points of Flaws can be taken, giving characters a
potential total of 28 freebie points.

Storytellers should decide if they want to allow Merits
and Flaws in their own chronicle, and players should
check with their Storytellers before they design characters
that use these options or are based around having a
particular Merit or Flaw. These options give players addi-
tional "hooks" to define and describe their characters, but
they can also add some complications to the game, that
some Storytellers might prefer not to use.

Kinain can have virtually any of the Merits and Flaws
from the following categories described in the Player's Guide:
Psychological, Mental, Awareness, Aptitudes, Mortal Society
and Physical. Merits and Flaws from Changeling Society and
Supernatural categories are different for kinain, and are de-
scribed below. Some specific Merits and Flaws have special
considerations for kinain characters that are described here.

Kinain can have the following Supernatural Merits
from the Player's Guide as Fae Gifts: Spirit Mentor,
Unbondable, Luck, Sphere Natural, Guardian Angel and Poetic
Heart. The Merits True Love, Danger Sense, Werewolf/Vam-
pire Companion and True Faith are not considered Fae Gifts,
and can only be taken with permission of the Storyteller.

Psychological

Kinain may find a Higher Purpose in the protection of
the Kithain or in gaining fame, glory or acceptance into fae
society for themselves and other kinain. Such kinain may
become good friends and allies of the fae. For some, this
purpose can become corrupted into a Driving Goal that
consumes the kinain's entire life.

Some kinain are Addicted to gaining Glamour for
themselves, going through "withdrawal" ifthey are unable
to find a regular source of Glamour and/or enchantment
for themselves. Kinain who have forgotten their fae expe-
riences because of the Mists may still suffer these strange
cravings for something without knowing exactly what itis.
This can cause kinain to lose touch with their mortal lives
and usually results in the kinain eventually becoming
Dream-struck from exposure to too much Glamour.

SS

In the same vein, some kinain acquire an Obsession
with the kith andall other things of Glamour. They collect
every scrap of information they can about them and go out
of their way to seek out more.

CDencal

Tron Will is a very useful, if uncommon, Merit for kinain.
Kinain with Iron Will are not easily manipulated by change-
lings orother outside forces, which helps to compensate for the
kinain's vulnerability to being enchanted and spellbound.
Some kinain with Iron Will might be enchanted and spell-
bound by changelings, only to later break free on their own
and establish a place for themselves in changeling society.

Some kinain acquire the Confused Flaw as a result of
their brushes with Glamour, and may seem somewhat
addled or strange to mortals. The same is true of similar
Flaws like Absent-Minded and Amnesia.

CDorcal Society

These Merits and Flaws are even more common for
kinain than changelings, and many kinain who might be
lacking in areas such as Faerie Blood and Fae Gifts may still
have considerable resources and influence in mortal soci-

ety enough to make them valuable allies, or dangerous
enemies, of their fae cousins.

Kinain can be Hunted just as changelings and other
supernaturals, and the Autumn Peopie and many of the
Dauntain do not differentiate between true changelings
and those with some trace of Faerie Blood.

Physical

Unusual physical traits are fairly common among the
kinain, and some deformities or physical changes can be
considered Faerie Marks, such asa troll kinain being of Huge
Size or a slaugh kinain being Double-Jointed. These and the
other Faerie Marks (described below) often serve as signs to
those alert for them that someone has Faerie Blood.

Changeling Ties

Ivis rarer for kinain to have extensive ties to changeling
society, but the Storyteller may permit kinain characters to
have some already established relationships with their fae kin
when play begins. Any of the Merits and Flaws listed for
Changeling Ties in the Player's Guide may be appropriate for
a kinain character, although some of them require that the
kinain have the Faerie Mentor Background. Kithain Enemies


can be agreat danger to kinain, and should be taken with care.
Many kinain may acquire a one-time Boon from a relative or
noble, eithera family member who is willing to help the kinain
out or an ancient debt owned to the kinain's family or clan.

Faerie CDarks

Faerie Marks are Flaws that result from a kinain's fae
heritage. It might be a family curse, or the kinain just had the
bad fortune to inherit some of the worst qualities of his faerie
kith. Usually the freebie points gained for taking a Faerie
Mark are used to purchase additional Fae Gifts, since kinain
with greater degrees of Faerie Blood tend to have both more
gifts and marks of their heritage. However, the freebie points
can be used however the player wants, anda kinain may have
Faerie Marks with very few gifts to make up for it.

Some ofthe Flaws described in the Changeling Player's
Guide are appropriate for use as Faerie Marks, including:
Wyld Mind, Surreal Quality, Iron Allergy, Cursed, Magical
Prohibition or Imperative, Bard's Tongue, Haunted, Changeling' s
Byes, Dark Fate, Greedy Glamour, Psychic Vampire and Sidhe's
Curse. Other Faerie Marks are described below. Some of the
Fae Gifts may also mark a kinain's true nature, and are
sometimes referred to as "Faerie Marks," but true marks are
always Flaws, not Merits.

Enchanced Blood: (1 pone Faw)

Your blood carries some of the essence of Glamour in
it, meaning that vampires who drink from you suffer the
same effects as drinking the vitae of a changeling: tempo-
rary enchantment and possible madness (see the Book of
Storyteller Secrets for more information). This makes
you a curiosity for some Kindred and desirable to a
Malkavian who is looking for some of the "quick inspira-
tion" that can be taken from your blood.

Geas: (I-5 pone Flaw)

Youare under some kind of geas at the beginning of play,
most likely a Ban, but possibly a long-term quest. This geas
may be a family curse or duty that you have inherited, or it
may have been imposed on you by a changeling using the
Sovereign Art. The difficulty of the geas determines how
great a Flaw it is. Something minor, such as a Ban against
harming animals or a requirement to give occasionally to
charity, would only be worth one point. More difficult geasa
are worth more points. A five-point geas is something that
tules your entire life, like a Ban against sleeping in the same
place more than one night or a quest that requires you to
render aid to anyone in need you encounter. The Storyteller
decides the exact value of whatever geas you choose.


Inhericed Lrailcy: (5 poinc Flaw)

As part of your fae nature, you have inherited the
Frailties of your heritage. This makes a pooka kinain a
compulsive liar, or a causes a satyr kinain to suffer from
Pan's Curse. In the case of sidhe kinain, this Flaw is the
same as the Sidhe's Curse Flaw from the Player's Guide.
The Storyteller is encouraged to enforce the effects of your
Frailty, and some Frailties may cause serious problems for
kinain in mortal society.

Irons Curse: (2 poinc Flaw)

You are as sensitive to cold iron as a true changeling.
Contact with cold iron causes you pain and discomfort,
resulting in a +1 to all of your difficulties while you are
touching it. You are unable to use Glamour while in contact
with cold iron, and you cannot gain Glamour (through
enchantment or a Rapture) while in contact with it.

Dark of che Blood: (I-5 pone
Flaw)

Your fae heritage manifests itself in some obvious
physical characteristic based on your heritage. This may
be one of the existing physical or supernatural Flaws listed
in the Player's Guide, like Huge Size, Short, Changeling's
Eyes or the like, or it may be some new physical change or
deformity. A one-point Flaw is fairly noticeable, like a
slight blue cast to your skin, bright red hair, pointed ears
or eyes ofa very unusual color. This isa clear sign to anyone
who knows something of changelings that you are kinain
or a changeling in a mortal seeming.

A five-point Flaw is a serious physical deformity that
requires almost constant explanation, like a pair of horns
on your head, cloven hooves instead of feet, brilliant blue
skin or the like. Anyone who knows anything about the
fae will know you are one, and mortals will look at you
strangely, requiring some kind of creative explanation on
your part concerning your "deformity."

Ravaged: (2 pone Flaw)

You were Ravaged by a changeling at some point in
your past, stripping you of the Glamour of your fae heri-

tage, which you have yet to recover. You begin play with
atemporary Glamour score of 0, regardless of your starting
permanent Glamour. You may gain Glamour normally as
any kinain would, but you will not have any initial
Glamour to use for cantrips or Fae Gifts, making it unlikely

you would have learned much about either (unless you
have a gift that does not require Glamour to use).

You may well be embittered about your experience,
especially if it was your only contact with the fae. You may
also strongly desire to find a way to gain new Glamour,
throwing yourself into some creative endeavor seeking
Rapture or even becoming a Dreamer for another change-
ling to inspire, although this is less likely, given your
previous experience with the treacherous fae.

Cancrips

Kinain have the potential to learn to harness their
own inner Glamour to use cantrips. Some very rare kinain
have enough Faerie Blood to allow them to gain some
substantial knowledge of the Arts and Realms on their
own, but most do not. Kinain must learn their Arts and
Realms froma changeling teacher or mentor, and can only
begin play with Arts and Realms if they have the Faerie
Mentor Background and have spent freebie points to learn
the Arts and Realms. They do not begin with any dots in
Arts or Realms for free like changelings do, but can learn
them in play if they find a teacher.

Akinain is limited in the Arts and Realms that can be
learned by her level of Faerie Blood. No Art or Realm can
be known to a kinain at a rating higher than her rating of
Faerie Blood, soa kinain with two dots in the Faerie Blood
Background could not learn any Art or Realm at a level
higher than two dots as well. The more Faerie Blood the
kinain has, the closer she is to being true fae and able to
work with the powers of Glamour.

Kinain who know how to use cantrips use them very
sparingly because they have limited access to Glamour.
Kinain who use up their own Glamour are able to regain
it only with the aid of a changeling or through a Rapture.
This means that kinain are very conservative in using
what cantrips they know.

Kinain cantrips are more likely to fail than those of
changelings simply because kinain exist in the mundane
world and must contend with more Banality than change-
lings. They cannot enchant the subjects of their cantrips
and must directly overcome their Banality. Sometimes a
kinain's mortal nature betrays her, and her own disbelief
causes them to fail. If the kinain's Banality is the highest
of any of the characters present when a cantrip is cast and
the kinain is not enchanted, then she must overcome her
own Banality to cast the cantrip.



The play is the thing

— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

This chapter provides Storyteller information on in-
cluding the enchanted and kinain characters ina chronicle,
as wellas the possibility ofan all-kinain chronicle that walks
between the mortal and fae worlds of the World of Darkness.

It also presents some sample characters based on the
material given earlier to show some of the wide range of kinain
and enchanted characters who can appear ina chronicle. Some
examplesare given here, but the possibilities are almostendless.

Usingche Enchanted
CEnchanced Roles

Enchanted characters can appear in many roles in a
chronicle. Player character changelings may want/need to
enchant different mortals over the course of the chronicle for
a variety of reasons, and the Storyteller can add other en-
chanted nonplayer characters to the chronicle as part of the
retinues of other changelings, presences at the local noble's
court, or just residents of the frechold where they might live.

Change of Reare

Enchantment can be used by the Storyteller as a
mechanism to bring about changes in a mortal character,

if desired. The experience of being enchanted isa signifi-
cant one for a mortal, and can have profound effects on
that character's personality, even after the Mists have
erased much of the experience from his memory.

If the Storyteller is looking for a means to bring about a
change of heart in a mortal character (for good or ill), the
experience of enchantment might be the catalyst to do so.
There are many tales of mortals who have been greatly changed
bya single night spent in the world of the fae, and Storytellers
can base an entire adventure around a motley's efforts to use
enchantmenttochange the life ofasingle mortal, notunlikethe
story of Ebenezer Scrooge in Dickens' A Christmas Carol.

Change of Dace

Fora different type of Changeling story, a Storyteller can
have the players assume the roles of mortals who are en-
chanted and brought into the world of the fae. Perhaps mortal
aid is needed in dealing with some menace to the Dreaming
that the Kithain cannot handle by themselves, like a place
warded around with cold iron or under the control of the
Autumn People that the changelings cannot reach them-
selves. The mortal characters will have torely on theirwitsand
skills (and perhaps a few Fae Gifts if they are kinain) and deal
with the strange reality they have been thrust into. This type

Chapzer Five: Scorycelling 33


of story can be a good introduction into the world of the
Kithain forplayersnew to Changeling. Suchachroniclecould
even advance into becoming fully Changeling as some char-
acters discover their true natures and enter their Chrysalises.

Crossovers

Enchantmentalso makes it possible for changeling char-
acters to interact more easily with characters from other
Storyteller games in the World of Darkness. A motley of
changelings might enchant a vampire, werewolf or mage, or
they might call upon one of the other supernaturals to face a
common threat, such asa plot to destroy a changeling freehold
created by the Technocracy or Pentex, or a rogue vampire
feeding on changeling blood against the wishes of the local
prince, risking war between the Kindred and the faerie folk.

Hetping Rana

The advantage to having enchanted allies for a group of
changelings is considerable, especially if most of the group is
made up of childlings and wilders who might need the help of
anadultauthority figure from time totime. Enchanted mortals
are also easier to affect with cantrips, and can be affected by
chimera. This allows changelings to overcome mortal oppo-
sition more easily by using all of the powers at their disposal.

(Dorcal Connections

Enchanted mortals provide something ofa break in the
isolation that normally surrounds the Kithain. They dwell in
a world of dreams that no one else can see, forcing them to
group together and rely on each other. Enchantment opens
the door to let a mortal step into that world, even if only for
alittle while. It allows some of the mortal characters of the
chronicle to share the wonders and horrors of the Dreaming
realm, and provides the changeling characters with a sense
of connection to their mortal friends, allies and enemies that
can help bring those characters to life.

Unusual QDencor

The power of enchantment also gives the Storyteller a
tool for creating mortal characters who can give the player
characters anew view on humanity and the Kithain. Through
enchantment, some mortals have lived among the Kithain for
a long time and have learned a great deal about changeling
history, customs and lore. These mortals may even be more
powerful and skilled than the player characters, giving them
anew respect for "mere mortals" and interesting mentors for
the "Hero's Journey" storyline. Thomas the Rhymer is one
such possible mentor character, a mortal bard wise in Kithain
ways who serves as the mentor to High King David Ardry.

The Enchanced

Enchancing Complicacions

The Storyteller needs to keep control of enchant-
ment in the chronicle to see that it does not get out of
hand. Changelings who enchant every mortal who comes
along are asking for trouble, and can quickly ruin the fun
and challenge of a story.

Ifthe Storyteller is concerned about the use of enchant-
mentin the game, some of its drawbacks can be stressed, such
as the danger of madness in mortals who are enchanted too
suddenly or too often, as well as the possibility that throwing
too much Glamour around will attract the attention of the
Autumn People or the Dauntain. The local nobility might
also frown on random enchantment.

CDadness

The danger of mortals going mad from being en-
chanted is a small but very real one that should concern
any changeling with the slightest streak of conscience.
Enchanting close friends, mortal lovers or family members
should be of particular concern to Kithain, who must
balance their desire to bring the mortals into their world
with the possible dangers that enchantment presents.

The Storyteller is advised to use the possibility of
madness sparingly. The dice shouldn't rule all such deci-
sions, but the threat of madness can curb the use of
enchantment to the point where it is under control. If the
threat becomes too great, the player characters will never
enchant anyone; if it is too little, enchantment becomes
an easy out for many problematic situations.

Storytellers should also be careful that enchantment is
not used too much as a weapon by players who are counting
on the mortal they enchant going mad (particularly if the
mortal has a very high Banality). It should be more difficult
for the players to overcome their opponents than a simple
expenditure of Glamour and a dice roll or two.

A storyline or two can easily be built around a group of
changelings seeking a means to cure a mortal who has been
driven mad or permanently Dream-struck by her experiences
with enchantment. This is particularly effective if the change-
lingsare the ones responsible for the mortal's condition and feel
a sense of duty to help correct the problem they have caused.

The Aucumn People

The regular use of enchantment may attract the atten-
tion of the Autumn People or the Dauntain to the presence
of the characters. Many Autumn People work in the mental
health field, and take note of patients who may have been
enchanted. This information gets passed along, and change-
lings can find themselves in the center ofan ever-tightening


net of information and enchantment "sightings" that forces
them to use their abilities mote sparingly.

The Kithain's enemies rely greatly on their own Banal-
ity to protect them from the powers of Glamour. This
advantage is lessened, however, ifthe changelingsmanage to
enchant Autumn People, putting them ina state where their
Banality can be more of a hindrance than a help.

The Storyteller has several ways to make this situa-
tion more difficult for the players. Any Autumn Person
(even one who is not aware of the existence or true nature
of the Kithain) should be difficult to enchant, Autumn
People are naturally suspicious and cautious, and their
mothersall warned them about taking candy (orany other
gifts) from strangers. Getting tokens into their hands
should be difficult and require some original thinking on
the part of the players. Forcibly enchanting Autumn
People is difficult because of their high Banality.

An Autumn Person who is enchanted will still deal with
the experience as rationally as possible. They may p
they have been drugged (especially if they consumed faerie
food ordrink) orare suffering from some kind of hallucination.
They will respond like any person would in such a situation,
maybe seeking medical attention or locking themselves in
their homes until the strange experience passes.

An enchanted Autumn Person's Banality is also still
effective against things like chimera and other manifestations
of the Dreaming, and-he will likely'call upon his Banality to

deny the existence of any of the more fantastic elements of the

Dreaming that he sees, possibly damaging or destroying them.
Bringing an Autumn Person into the Dreaming can be like
letting a bull into a china shop in some ways.

Naturally, the Kithain's other banal foes, the Dauntain,
are themselves already enchanted beings and cannot be
affected by enchantment. The Dauntain might even use
enchantmentto their own ends, to corrupt certain mortals
orto convince them that the fae folk are a danger to them.
Dauntain faerie-hunters may use enchantment to famil-
iarize mortal hunters with some of the things to expect
from the experience so they will not be so surprised or
disoriented if they are become enchanted.

The Nooilicy

The nobles of the area where the characters live
might impose restrictions on enchantment that are ex-
pected to be observed by all subjects of the realm.
Enchantment is a powerful tool, and the number of
mortals who can be enchanted may be restricted in some
way for the greater good of the realm or simply to protect
the nobility's interests.

Such a ruling may be difficult for the nobility to enforce
(unless they use the Sovereign Art to impose a Ban on any


violators and elicit oaths from other changelings to obey the
decree), but it should make some characters more cautious
about using enchantment due to the potential consequences. If
enchantment is something that the nobility reserves primarily
for themselves, there is likely a reason forit, such asa desire that
only nobles have mortal retainers, protecting the secrecy of the
changeling community, or perhaps preventing the commoners
from gaining too many mortal allies for their cause.

Limiting enchantment in this way makes it less likely
for players to make use of it casually while still giving them
the freedom to choose and deal with the consequences of
their actions as they happen. The noble can also give the
characters special dispensation to use enchantment as the
story calls for it.

Using the Kinain

Kinain can be used exclusively as nonplayer characters,
or included as player characters in the chronicle, using the
creation rules from Chapter Four. In either case, there are
different advantages, disadvantages and concerns of involv-
ing kinain characters in a chronicle. The Storyteller should
consider what the material in this chapter and in the rest of
this book will do to her game before including kinain player
characters or starting a kinain-based chronicle.

Roles Kinan Play

The kinain have many useful roles that they can play in

a Changeling chronicle, not the least of which is their ability
tooperate more freely in the mortal world and be something
of a bridge between changelings and mortals. Their greater
resistance to cold iron also makes kinain valuable allies for
a group of changelings... or dangerous enemies.

Aihes

Many changeling communities and motleys have
kinain allies who are aware of the fae and the Dreaming,
and who may be enchanted to help the Kithain with
matters in their world. More often, these helpful kinfolk
aid changelings with problems in the mortal world that
may be difficult for the Kithain to deal with themselves.

Having influential kinain allies can greatly aid a
group of changeling characters. Kinain characters might
make up part of the retinue ofa changeling knight or noble
who calls upon them to handle certain matters in the
mortal world, and occasionally requires them to attend her
in the realm of faerie as well. Such characters could form
the basis for an all-kinain chronicle, as described below.


Antagonists

Kinain can be dangerous enemies for changelings.
Faerie Blood combined with a mortal nature gives them
many of the powers and abilities of changelings without
some of the vulnerabilities. Kinain are notas affected by cold
iron, and are better able to use weapons and tools made from.
it. They are also capable of using what Glamour they acquire
in many of the same ways that changelings are, including
using the different Arts and Realms to cast cantrips.

Kinain antagonists may be hostile faerie-hunters
working with the Dauntain, seekers after whatever Glam-
our they can acquire to supply themselves, or madmen
unbalanced by a brush with the Dreaming.

Kinain faerie-hunters are dangerous opponents, trained
in the use of their Fae Gifts and abilities and knowledgeable
about their prey. Some of these hunters might despise their
fae heritage just as the Dauntain do, considering it to be
impure or simply impossible. Other hunters might be jealous
of full-blooded Kithain and desire the power of Glamour that
they have. Although it might be possible to show such
misguided souls the light and heal them of their twisted
natures, more likely changeling player characters will have
their hands full just surviving their attacks.

Some kinain antagonists desire only one thing: Glamour.
Having touched the power of faerie magic, they desire more of
it for themselves, but do not have the patience or talent for
creating Rapture. Instead they seek to gatherall of the Glamour
they can, and loot sites of dross for their own use and to power
what cantrips they have managed to learn. These kinain also
lust after knowledge of the Arts and Realms, and seek change-
lings to teach it to them. There are even rumors of kinain
attempting to increase the amount of Faerie Blood in their veins
with transfusions taken from true changelings and other weird
experiments to make a kinain into a true faerie.

Other kinain are simply unbalanced by their experi-
ences in the Dreaming. They may have been mentally
unstable to begin with, or they may have suffered greatly
at the hands of hostile chimera or twisted Unseelie mas-
ters, giving them a desire for revenge against all Kithain.
Kinain who have had the Glamour torn from them by
Ravaging are particularly prone to become hunters of the
Kithain who assaulted them, and then extend their mis-
sion to eliminate all changelings as dangerous parasites.

Oreamers

Many kinain have the spark of Glamour necessary to
become Dreamers for changeling patrons. The relationship
between akinainand his changeling muse can form the basis
ofastory or evenan entire chronicle, and the story ofa group
of kinain Dreamers who all have the same changeling muse
can form the basis for an all-kinain chronicle (see below).

Some changeling characters may have kinain relatives
who have some amount of Faerie Blood, but not enough to
manifest a true faerie soul. A sibling, parent or child of the
character might be kinain, with some fae blood and gifts that
can be used to aid the character in a time of need.

There are mortal families who have a long history of
carrying Faerie Blood. Although most have forgotten such
traditions and ancient pacts that their ancestors forged with the
Kithain, some families still teach their children about the old
ways and the times before the Sundering. Perhaps a childling
heard something about the Fair Folk before her Chrysalis from
akinain grandparent or other relative. She could seek help and
advice from her kinain relative, and even discover that she
alteady knows a few of the local Kithain community.

Otherkinain family members might not be as helpful to
changeling characters. Perhaps they have always repressed
their faerie heritage, or turn bitterly against it when the
changeling reveals the truth to them. An embittered kinain
relative can make a powerful and important antagonist like
one of the ones described above.

CDencors

Just like enchanted characters, kinain can make inter-
esting mentors forchangelings or otherenchanted characters
offona quest or journey, or simply new to the ways of Kithain
society. Many kinain have lived far past their mortal spans
through the power of Glamour, and may know valuable
knowledge that can be passed on to the characters.

Droceccors

Some kinain serve as the mortal protectors of their faerie
kin. Those families who still follow the old waysandhonorthe
changelings will do their best to protect the Kithain in their
ranks from the dangers of the mortal world. Other kinain have
been known to become the knights, champions and hench-
men of various Kithain who enchant them.

Servants

Some Kithain courts and freeholds have well-trusted
kinain and mortal servants who live there under the
protection of enchantment. The enchantment lasts for as
long as they dwell in the freehold, and kinain servants are
often expected to perform tasks outside of the faerie
domain because of their ability to retain enchantment
longer than other mortals.

Kinain servants can be the loyal bondsmen and retinue ofa
Seelie changelingnoble, or they mightas easily be theenchanted
slaves of an Unseelie. Some kinain servants do not become so
willingly, and characters might take up the cause of helping
mortals who have been enslaved through the power of Glamour.


Kinain Complications

Kinain characters (either player characters or other
characters in a story) have certain difficulties associated
with them that the Storyteller should be aware of. These
complications can affect how a chronicle progresses and
some of the stories that can be told with kinain characters.

Cnchancmenc

Kinainare reliant, to one degree or another, on change-
lings for their ability to operate in the fae world. Most kinain
are unable to perceive or interact with elements of the
Dreaming on their own, unless they are enchanted. Since
they are unable to enchant themselves, this must come from
achangeling or some other outside source like a treasure.

This means that kinain characters in an all-kinain
chronicle need some means of becoming and remaining
enchanted when the need callsforit. This may beachangeling
patron or mentor of one or more of the characters, or perhaps
a unique treasure or other source of Glamour that allows the
kinain to enchant themselves and remain so without the aid
ofthe Kithain. Such a treasure would be an item of great value,
and the kinain characters may find themselves spending a lot
of time protecting the secret of their enchantment and
keeping the treasure from the hands of others.

The Storyteller may also wish to consider running some
stories for kinain characters that have little or nothing to do
with the Dreaming aspects of the changeling world and take
place entirely in the mortal world that the kinain are used to.
This stresses the mortal nature of the kinain, and can serve
as a useful contrast to the world of the Dreaming.

Glamour

Another major complication of the kinain is their
limited ability to gain Glamour. Kinain can only gain
Glamour through Rapture or through having it given to
them by a changeling, chimera or other creature of the
Dreaming. This means that kinain characters will have to
be much more sparing in their use of Glamour than
changelings, since they have fewer means to renew it.

Kinain also have fewer of the powers associated with
Glamour and little knowledge of cantrips. Some kinain charac-
ters with a great deal of F: Blood might learn many of the
Artsand Realms with the aid of a changeling mentor, but most
kinain know considerably less magic than changelings do. The
Storyteller should take this factor into account when creating
challenges for the kinain characters. Some of the resources that
would allow a group of changelings to simply walk through an
encounter might not be available to a group of kinain.

Kinain characters may need to be offered some means of
acquiring Glamour, either a changeling patron willing to share


some Glamour as mentioned above ora font or other source of
dross that the kinain can gather to use in times of need for what
cantrips and Fae Gifts they have available to them.

Prejudice

As described in Chapter Two, the Kithain have many
diverse views of their mortal cousins. In some kingdoms
and freeholds, kinain are considered to be equals and
welcomed by the changelings there, but in others they are
outsiders who are no better than any other banal mortal.
Kinain characters who involve themselves a great deal in
changeling affairs are going to face a certain amount of
prejudice at some point.

Kinain donot have the ability to move as easily through
changelingsociety, and may have to prove themselves to the
local Kithain several times over before they are fully trusted.
This can lead to different adventures and quests undertaken
forthe local nobility by the kinain in order to show that their
spirits and hearts are as great as any champion of the fae, and
that they are not agents of Banality.

The Storyteller can use prejudice against kinain as a
factor to drive some plots and provide antagonists for the
chronicle. An embittered Kithain who dislikes "half-
breeds" and wants to see the kinain characters fail can be
a powerful foil.

main Chronicles

The possibility of an all-kinain chronicle can be inter-
esting, too, with the players running kinain characters who
deal with the more powerful changelings of their area.
Perhaps the characters are the guardians, parents or older
siblings of some changelings, or maybe they simply exist on
the periphery of changeling affairs in their area and become
involved due to some machinations between the Courts and
nobles. Here are some ideas to get started on:

¢ A Wild Night: The kinain characters are unaware
of their true heritage and Faerie Blood, but there are others
who are. During some holiday or event like Samhain or
Mardi Gras, the characters have a "lost weekend" (or
week, or even month), which some of them may recall
with strange dreams and images.

Not long after the kinain have returned to their
mortal lives and started working on recovering from their
strange disappearance, they are visited by a changeling
from the local freehold. Apparently the kinain were ab-
ducted and enchanted during the revels and became
involved in something they shouldn't have been. The fae
involved assumed that the Mists would erase their memo-
ries enough, but now they're not willing to take that risk.

When the changeling messenger is murdered by a
cold iron arrow in his back, what will the kinain do to
protect themselves, and how will they deal with a Kithain
enemy they cannot really remember?

Family Ties: The kinain are the distant relations of
one or more true changelings in the area where the
chronicle takes place, perhaps even some of the local
nobility. Their family ties involve the kinain in the affairs
of their faerie kin, perhaps unwillingly. The kinain char-
acters must deal with the situations that their blood
relations put them in, work to improve their own lot at
court, and help their family with some of the troubles that
arise in the kingdom. The mortal children or descendants
of some of the important local changelings would make an
interesting group of player characters for this kind of story.

© Guardians of the Fae: The characters are mortal
champions of the local freehold or changeling court. Their
Faerie Blood allows them to move freely between the worlds
and perform some tasks in the mortal world that would be
more difficult for their changeling cousins. The kinain
defend their freehold against the depredations of Banality
and the enemies of the fae while at the same time dealing
with the prejudice shown them by some of the local Kithain.

© Rebellion: In this chronicle, the kinain characters are
the prisoners or enchanted slaves of an Unseelie master. They
might have been kidnapped from their mortal lives orseduced
by visions and promises of the Dreaming. The kinain begin to
talk to one another and learn some things about the Kithain
and their culture. Perhaps one or two characters have even
made their way into their master's library to learn a bit of
magic. The kinain might also be aided by a sympathetic
changeling in their master's freehold. They learn that not all
fae are so cruel or controlling, and that there is a chance for
them to escape and plead their case before a higher Kithain
noble, pethaps even High King David himself.

The slaves must plan their escape and avoid the
agents of their former master until they can reach safety
and expose their master's evil to the rest of the Kithain.
After the kinain have gained their freedom, this chronicle
might shift over to one of the other types described here.

© The Mists of Time: Time passes strangely in the
world of the faerie and an interesting chronicle can be had
using this concept. The player characters could be kinain
that are especially favored by some changeling noble or
patron, and have lived within the walls of a freehold for a
very, very long time. Perhaps the characters are originally
from the time of the Sundering and have been kept from
aging with the power of Glamour. How will they react when.
their patron mysteriously dies or disappears and they are left
alone in a strange and alien mortal world? Perhaps the
characters are even from many different time periods, "col-

Chapcer fave: Scorycelling


lected" over their centuries by their changeling patron. Such
"immortality" can also allow otherwise mortal characters to
enter intoa long-term chronicle involvingsome of the other
immortals of the World of Darkness such as vampires.

(An Enchanted
Gallery

This section describes some of the more prominent
enchanted mortals of the World of Darkness. Most of
these characters are known by some of the more important
kingdoms of Concordia, while others (like True Thomas)
are legends in their own right among the Kithain and are
known wherever they go.

True Thomas

He has gotten a coat of the elven cloth,

And a pair of shoes of velvet green.

And till seven years were gone and past,

True Thomas on earth was never seen.

— "Thomas the Rhymer"

Thomas of Ercildoune, known as True Thomas and
Thomas the Rhymer, Grand Bard of All Faerie and mentor
and protector of High King David Ardry, is the most
famous enchanted mortal of all of the Western kingdoms,
and perhaps the most famous in the changeling world.

Thomas was born in the British Isles more than 600
years ago. Like many of the folk of the islands, Thomas had
some measure of Faerie Blood in him. He was a bard and
musician who happened toattract the attention of the queen
of the faerie court of Arcadia, who became enamored of him.
She approached Thomas one day in May and offered him a
ride on her milk-white steed. Thomas accepted the gift, and
was whisked away from the lands he knew ona ride through
the green bowers and shadowed trods that led to Arcadia.

For seven years, Thomas abided with his sidhe hosts
and learned something of the Kithain, their music and lore
and the power of Glamour. His time in Arcadia seemed to
pass quickly from his point of view, and he returned to the
world after what seemed only days to him with the gifts of
Glamour, song and wisdom. It is said that the faerie queen
blessed, or cursed, Thomas with a tongue that could not
lie, a gift that got the bard in trouble more than once.

After he lived in the mortal world for many years, the
tales say that True Thomas was called back to Arcadia by
a white stag, who led him through the trod to return him
to the faerie court. Thomas of Ercildoune vanished from
the mortal world, never to be seen again. Or so the mortal
poets and bards of his time thought.


With the final closing of the gates to Arcadia, True
Thomas became one of the few mortals allowed to dwell in the
depths of the Dreaming. He abided in Arcadia for many years,
singing his songs and learning the lore of many Kithain.

When the Resurgence came, True Thomas at last
returned to the world of his birth. He came with the exiled
sidhe sent to Earth from Arcadia with no explanation why
he left behind the eternal Summer of the faerie kingdom.
Perhaps he longed for mortal company once again, or his
wanderlust finally got the better of him, and he desired the
opportunity to travel the world and see what had become
of it in his absence. Thomas keeps his own counsel on the
matter, and has not shared his reasons with anyone.

On Earth, Thomas become the protector and mentor
of many sidhe childlings, including young David Ardry
and his sister Morwen. He helped to raise and teach the
children the ways and lore of Kithain society and protect
them from the troubles that brewed in the early days before
the Accordance War. Itissaid by many that True Thomas,
with his gift of Second Sight and his Bard's Tongue,
already knew that his young charge David was destined to
be High King of the Kithain, but that he waited and bided
his time until the moment when Fate took a hand.

When the Accordance War raged in the streets of
New York, Thomas fought valiantly to protect his charges.
When David appeared with shining Caliburn in hand,
Thomas cried to the gathered changelings, commoner and
noble alike, "Behold! You look upon your king!" His
prophecy was proven as true as all of his others, and David
Ardry was crowned High King.

Thomas composed a treatise on the Kithain and their
lore for the young king to help him learn about the people
whom he was destined to rule. He worked behind the
scenes in the first weeks of King David's rule to quell
dissent and smooth the way for the new young king's rule.
Then he took his leave of the court and went out to travel
the world that he had not seen in so long.

True Thomas is known to appear at the court of Tara-
Nar from time to time. He always seems to show up when
King David most needs the advice and aid of his mentor. For
the most part, Thomas travels the world in various guises
created through Glamour, often as a wandering musician or
storyteller. Where he goes, Glamour, change and adventure
seem to follow, and any changelings who encounter Thomas
are certain to have an interesting time of it.

Thomashasafairamountof Faerie Blood,and hashad his
life greatly extended by the power of Glamour — in fact many
among the fae courts whisper that he has been granted true
immortality. He knows many cantrips, and has many sources
of dross for his use in addition to being quite adept at Rapture
through the performance of his bardic arts. Unlike most

changelings on Earth, Thomas recalls far more of his experi-
ences with the fae and the lore he has leamed over the past six
centuries, While his memories of Arcadia are as dimmed as
anyone else's, his considerable knowledge is as sharp as ever.

Richard Nenderson

The Chief Executive Officer of Playtime Toys, Inc. is
known to his employees as a grumpy old man with a heart
of gold. Mr. Henderson started his company by himself and
worked to make Playtime one of the largest toy-makers in
the United States, heading for being one of the largest in
the world, While doing all of this work, he never lost sight
of the fact that his company's product was fun, a fact he
drills into the heads of his employees every day.

Henderson himself is in many ways a child who never
grew up. He takes personal interest in the toys that are put
out by his company, and is often involved in the design,
development and testing process. He considers his five
grandchildren his "best test market," often bringing them
new and different toys that he is developing, and playing
with them on the weekends and family holidays.

As can be seen by any Kithain, the white-haired and
ted-cheeked Henderson is a kinain with a fair amount of
nocker blood in him. He has an affinity for making and
creating new things, and his gruff exterior masks a man who
genuinely cares about his work, his family and his company.

Ever since he was a child, Henderson knew that he
was a bit different. He often listened to his grandmother's
stories about how his family had the Second Sight and
Faerie Blood from the Old Country, before they came over
to Ellis Island and changed their name. He always applied
his agile imagination to whatever task was put in front of
him, and it served him well all through school and when
he decided to start his own business.

Up until recently, Henderson knew nothing of his
heritage beyond the stories that his grandmother told him.
That was until one of his granddaughters, Ellie, underwent
her Chrysalis and became a childling nocker. Ellie seems
to have inherited the full measure of her family's fae
heritage. At first her parents thought that she was simply
taking after her grandfather with her temper and her
imagination, but Richard has been enchanted by Ellie and
learned the truth of who and what she is.

For the time being, Henderson has chosen not to share
the truth about Ellie with his son or daughter-in-law because
he's not sure they would understand. He has increasingly
become involved in Ellie's life and that of her siblings and
cousins. He is looking out for the possibility that his other
grandchildren might be changelings as well, and awaiting
signs of any of them undergoing the Chrysalis.

Chapcer five: Scorycelling


Henderson has also been with Ellie to the changeling
court in New York City. He hasmade contact with the nocker
community in Goblin Town, and is in the habit of taking Ellie
thereon visits when he can getaway. Richard is enchanted by
her for those visits so they can go and see the "secret magic
world" they both share. Hende:
some of the st

on is learning just how true
ies his granny told him are, and he is slowly
and other Kithain
in Goblin Town. Playtime's toysare well-known amongmany
Kithain, and some of the nockers in New York have offered
Henderson their own unique design ide:

gaining the grudging respect of the nocke

Presently, Henderson, with his considerable wealth
and business influence, stands to become a powerful al

for the changeling community, but there are elements of
Goblin Town and the Shadow Court who do not like the
idea of so powerful a mortal as Richard Henderson becom-
ing involved in their affairs. They might well try and
eliminate Henderson, or kidnap his granddaughter to
apply some leverage to the old man. The question of who
the girl will be fostered to before she is Sained has already

come up, and itis likely that some Unseelie may try to take

advantage of the opportunity.

AmandaOe}-leur

DeFleur served with the U.S.
she had her first encounter with the fae. She

rmy for four years
befor
became involved with a handsome satyr off-base who v
attracted to strong women. In time, her paramour en-
chanted Amanda to show her some of the wonders of the
Dreaming. Although completely mortal herself, Amanda

urprisingly low in Banality for someone in her line of
work. Her idealism and love of her country kept alive
many of her childhood dreams. She was awed and truly
enchanted by the wonders of the fae.

Unfortunately, the commander of the base on whi
Amanda served, Col. Holt, was one of the Autumn People,
a rigid-thinking military man who enforced Banality of his
troops. When her satyr lover was arrested, imprisoned and
nearly Undone by the power of Holt's Banality, Amanda
risked her career to help him and resigned her commission

om the military

Indebted to her, Amanda's paramour stayed with her
longer than he might have otherwise. Eventually, their rela-
tionship cooled, and the two of them drifted apart. Ame
refused to be embittered by the experience, and was


enraptured by the wonder of the Dreaming. She decided that
she wanted to protectsuch things from men like Col. Holtand
undertook a personal quest. She traveled the country looking
for more information about the Kithain, and how she could fit
into this wondrous society and help protect it.

In her travels, Amanda was something of a white
knight forsome Kithain. She, like the Autumn People and
the Dauntain, kept a watchful eye out for any changeling
activity, but Amanda— unlike the champions of Banality
— offered a helping hand when and where she could to
Kithain who were in trouble. She would stay with them for
atime, and then move on to seek out others. Over time,
changelings began to tell stories of the lady knight who
arrived on her chrome-bright motorcycle to save them
from the forces of Banality.

Eventually, these tales reached the ears of High King
David Ardry himself in the court of Tara-Nar. He made it
known that he wished to meet this remarkable mortal
woman for himself, and word spread quickly throughout
Concordia. In short order, the next changelings who
encountered Amanda offered to bring her before the High
King, and she quickly agreed.

Enchanted and brought into the grand hall of Tara-
Nar, Amanda DeFleur stood before the High King of the
Kithain and his sorceress sister. When King David asked
her why it was she traveled his kingdom, risking her life for
his subjects, Amanda replied, "What you have here is
worth any risk, Your Majesty, even my life."

Impressed by Amanda's devotion to a people she hardly
knew, King David decided on the spot to make her one of the
paladins of Tara-Nar, a decision that sent ripples of shock
through the court. Knighting a mortal? And making her a
paladin? The idea was unheard of. But the king's will wasdone,
and Amanda DeFleur knelt before the High King to receive
the touch of Caliburn on her shoulders and brow, rising as
Dame Amanda DeFleur, paladin and protector of the realm.

Amanda now serves her king as a knight who travels
the realm working to right wrongs and combat the forces
of Banality. Asa mortal, Amanda is often able to avoid the
notice of the Autumn People and the Dauntain more
easily than the Kithain. But her spreading reputation is
quickly making her a target for agents of Banality as well
as those Kithain who do not agree with their king's
decision to knight a mortal. Changelings are most likely to
encounter Amanda DeFleur while she is on the road, on
some mission or performing acts of errantry.

Adam Terask

11-year-old Adam Tierask has made himself a local
media celebrity with his predictions of the future. Last year,

Adam became prone to going into strange daydream trances
and having visions. When he described his visions to his
parents, teachers and doctors, he nearly always described
some event that happened shortly after his vision with
exacting detail. Some of the visions haven't been confirmed,
but those that have are accurate enough to convince quite
a few people that Adam can predict the future.

Raised in a very religious Christian family, Adam's
parents and grandparents believe that his visions are di-
vinely inspired, leading many to consider him some sort of
prophet. Doctors of the paranormal believe young Adam
may be one of the best documentable precognitives they
have discovered. Adam himself hasn't formed any opinion
of his visions apart from the fact that he would much rather
be a normal kid out having fun with his friends rather than
the center of all of the attention he is getting.

Adam is slightly built, thin and somewhat pale, with
dark hair and wide, dark eyes. He is a sluagh kinain with a
strong Second Sight gift that lets him intermittently see the
future. He has no control over his visions — they occur
seemingly at random, and he has been worried that he will
see something terrible happen to someone that he cares
about. Already Adam has seen many terrible things that
have come to pass, and he has begun to associate his visions
with making things come true. That has led to Adam
censoring himself sometimes in hopes of preventing particu
lar visions from happening.

Adam is also in danger from the banal forces that are

slowly closing in around him, For every supporter and

believer he attracts with his visions, Adam also gains at least
one skeptic who does not believe in his abilities or thinks
that he is touched by the Devil. These folk are bringing the
force of Banality down on Adam fairly hard, and might even
succeed in eventually snuffing out the boy's Glamour and
suppressing his Fae Gift.

Adam hasalso attracted the attention of the Dauntain.
The Apostates may attempt to destroy Adam's gift or twist
it to their own ends. Some of the local Kithain have begun
to take notice of Adam, and believe that he may be fae-
touched. There has been talk of taking him into safety ina
freehold, but there is concern that such an abduction could
stir up the mortals against the changelings, as well as tipping
off the Dauntain and Autumn People of the presence of the
Kithain nearby.

Adam himself has seen a vision of a coldly handsome
man coming to take him away from his family and home. He
does not know this man or what his motives for the act might
be. He is torn between the desire to escape the attention and
hubbub surrounding him and fear of foreboding about the
man inhis vision. He hasn't told anyone about this particular
vision yet.


Alcernacive Bard

Quote: The power of the art flows in my veins, the ability to take my dreams and make
them into something that everyone can share. I don't know if that ability comes from my
human side or my other side, but it doesn't really matter to me. The art is all that
matters.

Prelude: Ever since you were young, you were considered to be a
very creative and gifted child. You showed a talent for art that got you
the attention of your parents, teachers and peers.

As you grew up, you began to explore your artistic talent more and
discovered that you really were gifted. Your art had the ability to move
people in ways that few other artists could match. You earned great
praise for your work and your creativity, but somehow you didn't feel
successful. You wanted to do more with your art, things that were
meaningful, with your art as the vehicle.

You started to explore some of the avant garde and fringe styles. You
abandoned traditional forms to look for something truly unique that you
could call your own. A lot of the people who formerly praised your work
told you that you were wasting your talent. With your abilities you could
have had a successful commercial career, but you didn't want to prostitute your
talent. You wanted to create.

In time, you learned the truth about your gift, that you are an inheritor to the
ancient bards, and that your ability comes from the creative power of Glamour. Now
you've discovered that the goal you are searching for is the epiphany that will create
Glamour of your own, adding something to the substance of the world. You seek out
fae teachers who can tell you more about this while you work toward the refinement
of your art on the road to Rapture.

Concept: Others consider your art to be strange or "out there." You are seeking
to discover yourself and unite your fae and human heritage through your art to
achieve Rapture and feel the power of Glamour for yourself. You have the ability of
the old bards to really move and influence people through your art.

Roleplaying Hints: You experience the world through an artist's senses. Take
in everything around you and keep it in mind as future inspiration for your work. The
world is your source, your muse, and you are always on the lookout for something to
fire your imagination. You want to know more about Glamour and its creative power.
You might seek out a changeling teacher or muse to help you with your work, or you
might prefer to rely on yourself and search your own inner Dreaming for inspiration.
Ineither case, youare obsessed with yourart. It is your life's work and your driving force.
You seek to touch people with its power in some way, to convey your feelings and
yourself, and to be some kind of influence. You want to leave your mark on the world.

Glamour: Your Fae Gift is the power of the bardic strains. You may also want to
learn cantrips that relate to your art or the ability to influence others like Chicanery.

Equipment: Artistic tools and instruments for your chosen art, notepad for jotting
down ideas, trendy but cheap clothes

The Cnchanced


Chronicle:

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Troubador/Fatalist
House:

Accridutes

Seeming: "Wier
Heritage: Satyr
Household/Motley:

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

@@000
@@000
@@000

Social

Charisma ee0ee0
Manipulation Expression @@@®OO

Appearance. @e@e@00

(Dencal

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits.

@@0@00
@@000

Alertness
Athletics.
Brawl,
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation.
Kenning.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Aoilicies

Skills

OO0000
@@000
@0000
00000
@0000
O0000
@0e0ee0
O0000
OO0000
00000

Crafts

Drive.
Etiquette
Firearms.
Leadership
Melee.
Performance.
Security.
Stealth.
Survival.

Knouiledges

Computer 00000
Enigmas, 00000
Investigation, @0000
Law, 00000
Linguistics. @0000
Medicine. 00000
Mythlore. @@000
Occult, 00000
Politics. 00000
Science 00000

Backgrounds
‘bardic Gift _ eeeee
Faerie "blood @@000
Fame 000
4 @@000

00000

Kenning

Advantages

Arcs
00000

Realms
00000

OO0000

0000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

—=Ocher Traics =

Deatch

Glamour
@ee@e@e000000
DNOOOOOO000

—— Ullpower
e@e@ee@ee@00000
OOOO000000

Banalicy

@@@ee@000000
NOOOO0O00000

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured -l
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

—— Gperience

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Arts: 3 Realms: 5 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 15 (5/3/2/1)


Quote: We are the forgotten, the lost children, the dark side of society. We make people
uncomfortable because we are intimate with the things they would prefer be forgotten. They
throw a shroud over us to keep us from sight, but we use their shroud to our advantage. Thus
hidden, we move through the world, and by the world's forgetting, we are ignored, to its
detriment.

Prelude: You always felt different than the other kids. You were attracted
tothings that other people thought best left alone: secrets and old things, and
all of the gross stuff that nobody else would touch.

As you got older, your interests became darker and more morbid.

You learned fast that the polite facade of the world was just that. You
had already seen some of the dirty little secrets that were hidden
behind that curtain. Most of your family and peers shunned you
because of what you knew. That suited you fine; you didn't really
want them around, knowing what you did about them.

Yousoughtoutother friends, people more like you, and youfound
them. There were others out there who knew the truth and who felt

oftheworld. Youshared yoursecrets with them (but

afterall, it wouldn't do to give away the store), and you

immersed yourself in the shadow world that existed on the edges of

"straight" society. You've learned a great deal since then, and you

knowthingsthatwoulddrive mostpeoplemad lurk in thedark comers.
You've spoken with some of them, and you're not afraid. Really.

Concept: You enjoy shocking other people with your attitudes and
interests. Youare a Goth fascinated by death, thestrange, the unusualand
theunseen. Youoften go out of your way toseem mysterious, orto teardown
the illusions of others that they pitifully cling to. You may even be a Blood
Doll, or trying to become one.

Roleplaying Hints: Act superior to everyone else, and give them the
impression that you know many things that they don't. Never act shocked or
scared orsurprised; afterall, you're above that sort of thing. Youare fascinated
with the powers and creatures of the shadows, be they Unseelie, vampires,

ghouls or ghosts. Youcare nothing for the conventions of so-called "normal"

society. Listen, learn and remember everything, because you never know
when it might be useful.

Glamour: Your fae giftsrelateto the darkerside ofthe Dreaming, spiritsand
creaturesof theshadow world, as well assome enhanced ability topick upsecrets
and information.

Equipment: Goth wardrobe (completely black, of
course), oversized cross and ankh, fake ID, club passes,
personal journal with notes on various ideas, secrets;
rumors and other esoterica —

The Cnchanced


Court: Unseelie Seeming: Wier
Legacies: Grotesque/Sage Heritage: Slaugh
Chronicle: House: Household/Motley:

Accriduces
Social MDencal

Strength : @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception.
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation. @00 Intelligence
Stamina, @@000 = Appearance. @@000 Wits

Aodilicies

Skills Knowtedges
Alertness. @@600 Crafts, 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. 00000 Drive. @0000 Enigmas____——s ®®000
Brawl 00000 Etiquette. @@000 Investigation 00000
Dodge. 00000 Firearms. o0000 Law C O0000
Empathy. @@000 Leadership 00000  Linguistics__ 00000
Expression. Melee ©0000 Medicine___00000
Intimidation. Performance. @0000 Mythlore____————— ®®@O000
Kenning Security. OOO00O Occult___— @®@00
Streetwise. Stealth @@000 Politics_______090000
Subterfuge. Survival. OO0O0O0O _ Science 00000

Advancages

Backgrounds Arcs
Soothsay @0000 @0000
00000 00000
00000 00000
OO000O0 OOO0O0
00000 00000

—Ocher acs—= == =Glamour Neath -——

Fae Gifts: Taghairm ss @@@OOOOOOO es Q
slalblizeAr QoOo00000000 7 :

Flaws: Tron's Curse ined
—— Ullpower Wounded
@e@e@0000000 hee
oooOOoOOoOOoOoOoOOg0 rippled

Incapacitated
Banalicy==== === Gperience
@@eee@000000
OQOOO0O000000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Arts: 3 Realms: 5 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 15 (5/3/2/1)


Cuixocic Kmghe

Quote: And then the mighty dragon threw back its head and roared its fury to
the heavens, and the princess screamed in fright, standing paralyzed near the great
claws of the beast. Without hesitation, I hurled myself forward and thrust my
trusty lance into the beast's black heart, and it fell dead at my feet. My
background as a thespian was quite useful in explaining of all of the
screaming and carrying on to the local constabulary.

Prelude: You never quite left the world of childhood make-
believe behind. Your imaginative world stretched on from those
days of childhood games to performances in school plays and
musicals, and eventually into a career on the stage performing
around the world. You have been a beggar, a king, a knight,

a villain, and everything in between.

When your stage career began to flag, you looked for
new inspiration and found it in the world of dreams. You
have found other patrons of the theatre who are not
entirely human, and you have learned that your own gifts
come from the touch of your fae side.

In the world of the Kithain, you have found a new
stage. You have taken up the mantle of knight, protector
and champion of that green and wondrous land. Some
might consider you an old fool, and think that you do
not have the strength or skill to fight trolls and
dragons, but you have picked up quite a few skills in
treading the boards, and you know that strength in
the world of the Dreaming is far more the measure
of a man's heart than of his biceps.

Concepts Like the knights of old, youdoyour
best to right wrongs and protect the innocent from ~¥
harm. Yourknowledge of the mortal world can help
your Kithain friends and allies while your under-
standing of the fae can sometimes protect hapless
mortals from falling into danger. Honor and service
are your watchwords.

Roleplaying Hints: You are courtly and gallant
in an Old World manner. Chivalry lives on in your
heartand soul, and others find youcharminginaquaint
and eccentric way. You value the world of dreams and
your changeling friends and allies, and consider their
kingdom yours. You wish to live with honor, dignity and

glory, spiced with a bit of over-the-top theatrics. Others

sometimes consider you a bit loopy, but they follow your
lead nonetheless.
Glamour: Your fae nature lends itself to carrying out
your duties: protecting the weak and fighting battles against
monsters. eh
Equipment: Slightly out-of-dateclothing, pocketwatch
and fob, walking cane (the mundane form of your weapon) =>

The Cnchanced


Player:
Chronicle:

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Paladin/ Peacock
House:

Seeming: Grump
Heritage: Sihe
Household/Motley:

@@@00
{ Jere)
00

Physical

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina

AccRIbUTES

Social
Charisma,
Manipulation.
Appearance.

@@800
@O000
@@000

Perception.
Intelligence.

Wits

Talencs
Alertness. 00000
Athletics. @@000
Brawl__(Fisticuffs)_@®OOO
Dodge. @0000
Empathy. 00000
Expression. @0000
Intimidation. @@000
Kenning. 00000
Streetwise. 00000
Subterfuge. @0000

Adthiaes

Skills
Crafts.
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.
Melee.
Performance.
Security.
Stealth,
Survival.

00000

Knouitedges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas, 00000
Investigation. @0000
Law, 00000
Linguistics. 00000
Medicine. 00000
Mythlore. @@000
Occult. OO0000
Politics. 00000
Science 00000

Backgrounds
Allies @0000

Chimera (Sword) @@000
Faerie Blood OO

Fame O00
Spearman's Shiel __ @®O0O

Advantages

Arcs

00000

OO000

00000

0000

00000

OO0000

OO0000

00000

00000

OO000

= Ocher Traics ==

Glamour
@e@eee@eoo0o0o0ond
ONOOOOOO000

—— Ulllpower
@®@eee@00000
ONOO0000000

Banahicy

@eeee@e@0000
NOOO000000

H

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

== Gperience

[ |

Eee eee

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Arts: 3 Realms: 5 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 15 (5/3/2/1)


Child Seer

Quote: [hadadream, and saw some funny people. They
were all dancing and playing and singing, and having fun
outside in the woods. Then this big, dark shadow with bright
eyes and big teeth started munching down the trees, and
everybody got scared and ran, and the woods all fell down. Then
snow started falling and covered everything over. I think
something bad is going to happen.

Prelude: Ever since you were little, you always had
lots of dreams, all kinds of dreams. Most importantly, you
had "special dreams," dreams that you knew were happen-
ing somewhere or were going to happen. You tried telling
people about your dreams once, but they didn't believe
you. They just said that you shouldn't poke your nose into
other people's business.

When you met some nice people who
believed in your dreams, you were very
happy. They had magic, too, they told you,
and they said you were very special for
being able to have dreams about things
that hadn't happened. They always listen
to your dreams, and take them seriously,

The Enchanced

and try to help you figure out what they mean. They've
even taught you some things to help you figure them out
for yourself sometimes.

Concept: You are a seer coming into your power with
the ability to know things from far away, into the future or
in the depths of the Dreaming. Although adults consider
youa child with a child's imagination, the kinain and your
changeling cousins (and others perhaps) know that your
powers are real and respect the wisdom of your foresight.

Roleplaying Hints: You are proud of your ability to
see the future, but it also scares you sometimes. Knowing
what is to come is a big responsibility that you shy away
from now and again, especially when you have to tell
someone bad news. You feel astrong sense of responsibility
todosomething about the bad things that you see, and you

try to encourage your friends to help you.

Glamour: Your gifts are in the realm of the
Second Sight; you see the future and other
information that you could never otherwise
know.
Equipment: Notebook of doodles and
dream images, colored pencils/crayons, string
and pretty colored rocks


Court: Seelie Seeming: Childling
Legacies: Sage/Ridvoler Heritage: Eshu
Chronicle: House: Household/Motley:

Accrivuces
Social (Dencal

Strength. Charisma @@@00 Perception.
Dexterity. Manipulation. Intelligence
Stamina Appearance. @000_ Wits,

Aoilicies

Skills Knowledges
Alertness @e@e@00 Crafts, 00000 Computer.
Athletics. 00000 Drive. 00000 _ Enigmas.
Brawl, 00000 Etiquette. @0000 Investigation.
Dodge @ee00 Firearms. 00000 Law.
Empathy. @0000 Leadership. 00000 _ Linguistics 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. @0000_ Mythlore. @@000
Kenning. OO0000 Security. 00000 Occult__ @0000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, @@000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge. @0000 Survival 00000 _ Science. @0000

Advancages

Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Faerie blood 0000 = Soothsay @@000_) Actor @0000
Gremayre @@000 00000 Scene @0000
‘Kenning @e@000 00000 00000
Second Sight @e@0e00 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000

—Ocher Tracs = Glamour =i :
@e@e@ee@eooooood hed E
NOOOO000000 urt E

Injured 2 a
—— Ultlpower Wounded g a
@e@eoo0000000 Mauled s ia
OO00000000

Crippled - Q
Banalicy=——= == Gxperience

Incapacitated o
@e@eo00000000
ONOO0000000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Arts: 3 Realms: 5 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 15 (5/3/2/1)


Rip Van CUinkle

Quote: The world these days is such a strange place, stranger to me in many ways
than the fae realm was when I first stepped into the land beneath the hill. The world I once
knew is gone forever, and my children's children's children would hardly know me. The
Dreaming is my only home now.

Prelude: Long ago, you discovered one of the fae folk and were enchanted by _,
him. Brought into the faerie realm, you lived there as if in a dream. Even though
the fae folk were fewand threatened by mortality and the power
of Banality on all sides, their realm was a world of wonder,
comfortand plenty toyou. The years in the freehold passed
like summer afternoons. You served your faerie patron _/"
well during that time, and were rewarded by him with
lavish gifts and the opportunity to remain in the "
freehold and enjoy its bounty. Yap

Before you knew it, the world outside had
changed. At first it seemed slow, but in time, the
outside world seemed to flash past like a flicker,
changes coming in the blink of an eye. It wasn't long
(or it didn't seem so) before you hardly recognized even
the place of your birth, your old home or any of the things
that you once knew in the outside world.

That was when circumstances forced you to travel
into the strange and alien mortal world once again.

Perhaps your mentor died and you were expelled from
the freehold, or perhaps your faerie patron requires a
mortal agent in the world outside in this time of change.

Concept: You are a person out of time, a kinain en-
chanted and brought into a freehold by a changeling and
allowed to live there for many, many years. Youhave evaded the
dangers of becoming Dream-struck, although that is a specter
that always hangs over your head, and you have escaped the ravages
of age and death. But in your absence, the world has changed much,
so much that you scarcely recognize it. You might have been gone for
20 years, or it might have been as long as a century or more, but either
way, the modern World of Darkness is a strange one to you.

Roleplaying Hints: You often seem confused to others, despite

your intelligence. You are unfamiliar with modern manners, morés or
technology, and you cling to those things you do know. In many ways
you are more fae than the modern changelings born into this modern
world. You try to conceal your ignorance as best you can. Sometimes
you lapse into old habits or mannerisms without even thinking about
it.

Glamour: Your Fae Gifts are what made your particu-
larly attractive to your patron and allow you to do what
needs to be done in the outside world.

Equipment: Old, out-of-date clothing, new
clothing that doesn't fit quite right, faerie-crafted
dagger, pouch with a few gold and silver antique
coins

The Cnchanced


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Gumpkin/Wretch

House:

Accrivuces

Seeming: Grump
Heritage: Troll
Household/Motley:

Physical

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina,

@@e@00
@@e@00
@@e@00

Social
Charisma
Manipulation, 1@000
Appearance @@000

@@000

(Dencal

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits,

Talencs
Alertness.
Athletics,
Brawl,

Dodge
Empathy.
Expression.
Intimidation.
Kenning.
Streetwise,
Subterfuge.

O0000
00000
@@000
00000
00000
00000

Aoilicies

Shills

00000
00000
@@000
00000
00000
e000
00000
00000
@0000
@@000

Crafts,

Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.
Melee.
Performance.
Security.
Stealth,
Survival.

Knowledges
Computer. 00000
Enigmas, 00000
Investigation. @0000
Law. 00000
Linguistics. 00000
Medicine. @0000
Mythlore. @0000
Occult, 00000
Politics, @0000
Science. 00000

Backgrounds
Faerie blood @@e@00
Faerie Mentor __ @®®OO
ith Fath @0000
‘Kennin, @@000

00000

Advancages

Arcs
0000

Primal

@@000

O0000

OO0O000

O0000

0000

00000

OO0O000

00000

00000

= Ocher Traits ==

——Deatch oe

Glamour
@@ee@e000000
QOOOO00000

—— Ullpower
@e@eeeee@0000
OOOO000000

Banahcy———=

Bruised Q
Hurt -l Q
Injured -l QO
Wounded 2

Mauled 2 Q
Crippled 5 Q
Incapacitated Q

Gcperience

@@eeee@e0000
OQOOOOO0O000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Arts: 3 Realms: 5 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 15 (5/3/2/1)


nchancmen

tmhution ©

changelings a

- Complete rules fi

with changeling i
+ Clearly defined rules for

ISBN 1-56504-714-1

WW 7008 $16.00
735 PARK NORTH BLID. 7
SUTE N28

CLARKSTON, GA'30021
USA :

GAME STUDIO DATA Si inted in Canada
