# File: Encyclopedia Vampirica.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

YCIOPEDIO*
/AMPIRICA
yg


NCYCISRPEDIO. |
‘\VAMPIRICA

_——~.

BY
BINDUSABA, ARISTOTLE DE LAURENT, LUCITA ¥Y ARAGON,
ALBERTUS MAGNUS, AND AISLING STURBRIDGE.

ENcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

NCYEIREDIO-
‘\VAMPIRICA

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ExcycLopacpta Vampynica

2


ENcycLopa:pIA VAMPYRICA

3


KkweO, Lh rod, L knoD; Sakae
22. BA z,2 Feta Lose 1 SLE

reponse vir cbiJadn Jivgs an 4 one
CME AT DL goa oD joce SZ
ae any Cel The shag came ac10t3 TEE hol
ts He ie te I + we0rieE De dad ig
02 IEL Hb tacnyale The Fas DEED

yb gs © ge

z& ee) ADS hook. § By extrence east VAT care Bi

ot anymore, ang Duy; 2
TAAL rian ae

Coch Doxe: LEY Len 000 BH acne, >
tose sou LED tame TE names GAD ze —

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA


~tetleui

y, bull CE tite

SS une Wil

Util OWl

Ve OOM

pads Fit ti? RL WG


ob mawli


Ve" Z
SaAN\ GUT ive2 ESS

nt viatite
a ) y


CAD

ENc¥CLOpsepiA VAMpYRICA
8


INTRODUCTION:

HOW TO USE THIS
BOOK

ENTRIES AND
ARTICLES

The work you hold in your hands, the Encyclopedia
Vampyrica, (Ed: Spelled "Vampirica" elsewhere.]is divided
into entries and articles arranged in alphabetical order.
The former are headwords as seen in the kine's
encyclopedias, such as Aaron's Feeding Razor, followed by
a brief explanation. Different senses are separated by
numbers. If different senses exist, explanations referring
to items always come first, followed by personal and then
geographical names. The latter conversely offer a brief
overview of a topic, such as the Vienna Timeline.
Hyphenated keywords consisting of several independent
parts are treated as one word; the same applies to
abbreviations consisting of more than one letter. AE is
treated as two letters, just like ae, oe and ue, even if they

are pronounced as one sound. Special letters like a, &, for
are treated like the respective regular letters.

Entries consisting of several words are listed in the natural
order of their parts. In geographical names, common parts
like Bad, Ciudad de, Djebel, Gulf of, Kap, Mount, Piz, etc.
were not taken into account, and neither was the article
al in Arabic names (as opposed to in Spanish and
American ones). In such cases, the full geographical name
follows the headword. Geographical names starting with
Sankt, Saint, San, Sao or Porto are listed at the respective
alphabetical spot.

In case of doubt, finding an entry is aided by cross
references.

Excyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

9

Kk

¢
¢
A


SPELLING
OF HEADWORDS

For headwords with different spellings, we have chosen
the one someone would probably look up first for the
Encyclopedia Vampirica; possible other spellings are
added after the headword in italics.

Names from languages using Latin script thus are
usually used in the form common to their country of
origin, including language-specific letters. For names
and words from other script systems we chose the form
of writing closest to the actual pronunciation.
Wherever a spelling different from those basics is the
usual one, we preferred it.

DATES AND TITLES

We have used the Gregorian calendar preferred by the
kine. Dates of birth are marked by a *, dates of death by a

+. The date of an Embrace is marked by a +. Biographical
dates without these symbols mean periods of power or
office. A period of several years is hyphenated (e. g., 1012-
23). Unless otherwise stated, the dates after titles of books,
plays, etc. are the year of first publication or first
performance, not the period of creation or the point of
time the work was finished. Foreign works are quoted with
English titles only if a printed English version exists.

CROSS-REFERENCES

The Encyclopedia Vampirica gives extra help by regularly
referring you elsewhere for more information. These
references may be to other entries, or to pictures, or to
one of the appendices at the back of the book. They are
indicated by a>.

LALA

ENcYCLOpaDIA VAMpYRICA

10


¢ Aaron's Feeding Razor: This magical ra-
zor was created by a childe of the Moon early
in the 17th century. Only his first name —
Aaron —and the fact that he abhorred hav-
ing to touch his victims are known tonight.
The ~Malkavian used the razor to draw
blood from his victims because he disliked
feeding directly from mortals for fear of soil-
ing himself. For generations, the razor has
changed ownership repeatedly. It is said to
be able to pick out victims with pure virgin
blood — Aaron's favorite prey. The blade is
also supposed to cause wounds that require
more than the usual amount of effort to heal.

* Abbot: This term used in the --Sabbat's
ranks means the master of a local Sabbat ha-
ven, be it a >Kindred

© Abel: Son of Adam and —Eve, brother
of Caine, who killed him out of jealousy
(Genesis 1, 4).

houl or a

* Abetorius: Fourth Generation ->Tremere;
dates of birth and Embrace unknown; mem-
ber of the Council of Seven. A. was part
of a plan to gain influenck<for the -*War-
locks in the terra incognita of Asia in a sort of
pincer-movement. He was supposed to move
in from the west while his Far Eastern coun-
terpart, Thomas ->Wyncham, would come
from the other direction. A.'s mission can
be regarded only as a failure. Although A.
was successful at the beginning by following
the crusaders' paths, his chantries were an-
nihilated when the ->Assamites flew down
from the mountains, slaughtered the War-
locks and indulged wanton ~-diablerie.

CAS)

A. and his supporters were forced to flee to

»Constantinople, where they reside these
nights. Although A. played a major part in
what is called Tremere's revenge — the ritual
that rendered the Assamites unable for cen-
turies to drink Kindred vitae — he and
his followers did not do much to further their

»clan's ambitions. Of course, no one will be-
lieve the rumors that say someone more pow-
erful had forced A. or the Tremere to stay their
hand, yet the question how A. might have
stayed a member of the Inner Council despite
his failure remains unanswered

¢ Abomination: These undead —-Lupines
have many names: "Immortal Children,"
"Damned Urrah," "Vrykolas," "Pale Ones"
and "Luna's Demons." For fear of dying, some
Lupines turn to Kindred and offer service
in exchange for eternal unlife. But there are
only very few A., for the experience of the
change is usually painful enough to kill these
poor souls. A Lupine Embraced by a Kin-
dred will probably die, and this death is never
easy, but always excruciating. A. are very pow-
erful and versatile. But they lose their regen-
erative abilities — they are robbed of their
mystical ties to their earth-mother.

Although A. are powerful, they are forever
alone. *Camarilla Kindred rarely admit their
responsibility for Embracing a Lupine. Ad-

ENcycLop/epiA VAMPYRICA

11

Qi oe Be


Neruku, Nieruku... | keep beap
that wopo, Exeuse me iF | sanle,
peveped Brvousapa, Burt Next
supeLy tell us the Anreoilunna:
wepe Real...

But that is completel
BLP Hataditon.
Read the Book of Nod.
dean Albertus aud
tremble!

ditionally, most A. are tied to their sire by
a blood oath. Occasionally, an A. finds
shelter with the ~Dancers in the Dark or
the —Sabbat, but usually, these alliances
don't last.

° Abraham: Fifth Generation
»Cappadocian; *unknown, #before 500 B.C.
>Sire unknown. A. was the oldest

Cappgvocian in >Jerusalem in the Middle

Ages. For more than 400 years, he studied the

so-called Black Torah, a scroll supposedly

penned in white ink on blackened parch-
ment and which contains noncanonical rev-

elations by the prophet Elijah. Although A.

pondered the writings, he was far from reach-

ing his goal. He was aware that his childe
ygnd colleague Adam (2) regarded him as
insane and so was very cautious in his deal-
ings with him. In spite of the clan sympa-
thies between the Cappadocians and the
»Ventrue in Outremer, he did not trust the

Ventrue crusaders but respected their power

and dedication to their cause. Is supposed to

have been executed by the >Givanni in the
15th century.

* Abram: Seventh Generation ->Ventrue;
one of the six Kindred who reached Aus-
tralia with the first settlers. Before they set
sail for Australia, these six broke from the
>Jyhad, swore an oath of loyalty to each other
and hoped to lead an existence beyond the
influence of the Ancients' games. This ideal
endured exactly until more Kindred reached
Australia and A. declared himself Prince of
Sydney. This enraged Red Meg, a—-Brujah
who also belonged to the six and now believed
A. had betrayed her. This led to A.'s rise and
fall. He has been clinging to a domain as
anberra since 1927 although he
has no real influence on Kindred politics in
Australia. He leads a secluded existence and
allows no other Kindred in Canberra. Visi-
tors are asked to leave or are destroyed.

¢ Abraxes: The "lord of the mists." One of
the >Nictuku.

* Absimiliard: Reputed name of the
»Nosferatu --Antediluvian. Especially com-
mon in eastern Europe when Baba Yaga's
brood refers to its founder.

¢ Académie: A law school of the Clan of

Kingship in Luxembourg

EncycLopsepia VAMpYRICA
12

—_——

¢ Achadramenos: Fifth Generation
»Malkavian. Former Malkavian ~>primogen
in London. A. was destroyed there by
»Amaranth in 1930.

¢ Adam: 1. Hebrew "man." Name of the first
human being in the biblical creation myth
(Genesis 1: 1-2); together with Eve pro-
genitor of the human people and especially
of Caine, our Dark Father. — 2. Sixth
Generation -Cappadocian; *723, #813,
+1451. Sire: >Abraham. Before the -»Em-
brace, A. was a promising Jewish scholar in

Jerusalem who deciphered complicated
Aramaic writings for Abraham. During the
dark times of the First Crusade, A. sought
shelter in Bethlehem with the >Brujah

»Etheria and also brought his most impor-
tant research papers there. Through his stud-
ies, A. found out how much Abraham im-
mersed himself into the writings of the
prophecEltjah arid haw many secre@ie nad
uncovered with time. A. remained faithful
to'Abraham until-he was desttoyed by the
Giovanni's hand.

© Adonai: Seventh Generation
founder of the Salubri -antitribu.

>Salubri;

© Agaricus: Malkavian; member of the
group of six -*Kindred founded by ~Red
Meg that reached Australia with the first
British settlers. Broke with the -Jyhad be-
fore leaving England and swore loyalty to his
companions. After reaching Australia, he
sided with Red Meg and the Nosferatu Wid
against the other three members of the group.
Moved to the newly founded city of Hobart,
tonight capital of Tasmania, in 1804, where
he has claimed princedom ever since. Ad-
vocate of a peaceful coexistence of Kindred
and ->kine without Masquerade and Jyhad.

e Ahmed, Elijah: Caliph of the
»Assamites. Destroyed in 1999 by >ur-
Shulgi

¢ Ainkurn: Sister sword of the Sword of
>Dracula, possibly imbued with even more
mystical powers.

@ Abcla-Chapelle: Geriiin sey at Ge bom
der of Belgium and the Netherlands, 242,000
inh.; ancient spa; bishop's see; A. Monastery
(with Palatinate Chapel founded by
Charlemagne; coronation place of the Ger-


TIMELINE: AIH-LA-CHADELLE

~kkenai, »Gangrel Methuselah, is Embraced in the woods surrounding A. by
Rufus.

Start of the Germanic mass migration; settlements in the A, valley.
German ~>Ventrue rule the region where A. is tonight.

In the A. valley, Volker, a Nosferatu Elder, is Embraced

The Ventrue Ragnar makes Wolfram of ->Stolberg his ghoul

The Gangrel Rutold Bloodfist is Embraced in the woods surrounding A.
Wolfram of Stolberg is Embraced by Ragnar.

Einhard is Embraced by ->Bulvia.

The ~Choeur Céleste starts building the Octagon.

Mortals expect the end of the world. November 11: *Aix-la-Chapelle Manifesto of
the Choeur Céleste.

Reign of the >Trinity (2) starts.

Rutold Embraces Gottfried

Dana is born:

Rabbi HerschelSalomon is embraced by the Nosferatu/Antonius Heerenven.
Eleni, who belongs to the kumpania of the --RavnosTsula camping at the gates of
As Embraces Dana:

A traveling Cappadoeian, Lueas Moravis, Embraces the thanatologist Master
Habakkuk, an inhabitant of A,

Tsula Embraces Konstantin.

The knight Falk of Maastricht is Embraced by an'unknown Ventrue‘in A

The army of the Second Crusade returns't6 A. defeated. It brings a false grail to the
city. The city's Cainites flourish. But change for the city looms on the horizon.In
late fall, Nikolaiof Tresckow (see Trinity (2)) meets his Final Death in battle against
the Choeur Céleste. Aften the battle, Benedict of Cluny, the Choeur's leader,
disappears without a trace.

Tsula's kumpania movesion.

The Toreador unmask the Setite Benedetto Rossahisidi Reggio, who has been posing
as one of theirs for more than 250 years

Notulf and Wolfram of Stolberg sit to court over Benedetto Rossanisi di Reggio and
haye him decapitaved. -*Cocceius destroys Stolberg, overthrows Notulf and declares
himself prince of the city.

Gottfried is exulted as representative for Clan Gangrel in A.

The Nosferatu Smallpox Griet, who has'been dwelling in A. since the early. Middle
Ages, leaves the city and joins the Sabbat, where she remains active until tonight.
The relationship between the forest dwellers and the city-dwellers improves
extremely.

The Toreador Methuselah Calida, who had reached Golconda long ago, leaves
A. together with Einhard, Ventrue chronicler of Charlemagne. Finally, they leave
Gérmany altogether and move to Ireland.

Gerberga, a revered mage in A., dies.

Tkkenai entrusts her clanmate Gotrfried with guiding her brood and leaves the A.
valley.

Falk of Maastricht ferrets out a group of Inquisitors and kills them and all oftheir
families.

tkkenai learns of the Ventrue-backéts of thé Orange and helps orchestrate a tempo
rary truce.

Excyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

13


Gottfried formally becomes Gangrel primogen in A.

otulf is subdued and arrested for massive violations of the First Tradition.
After a period of treacherous calm, Clan ->Lasombra renews its attacks from Spain.
Ikkenai fights the Magisters and destroys some of the Sabbat packs flodding Flanders.
In Brandenburg, Ikkenai Embraces a drummer boy called Thomas.

‘The peace treaty of A. ends the so-called devolution wat, al€over for the conflict
between French Toreador and Spanish Lasombta

Falk of Maastricht becomes an archon of the Ventrue Justicar >Godefroy.

The Tremere enforce the second peace treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle, which ends the
Austrian war of succession.

A cabal of mages notices Gottfried.

»Villory masterminds a ruse that encourages Napoleon's arinies to conquer A.
Volker frees Notulf.
Napoleon is. defeated at the Battle of Leip:

Thomas rescues Ikkenai, who lies in torpor after a battle with >Louhi from the
Arctic, and takes her home to A

Notulf starts having strange dreams.

Cocceius makes Gottfried his seneschal.

Notulf leaves A. and retreats to the woods surrounding the city.

Falk of Maastricht is sent to Shan,

Falk of Maastricht is sent to Hong Kong.

Gottfried and his loyal pet ghoul Johann are destroyed in thé Allied Forces' first
massive bombing.

Allied Forces drop bombs on A. again. Ikkenai leaves the city. The Octagon's magical
protection saves the city from total devastation.

Tsula tries to'kill Nazis and their Italian and Japanese allies in a mansion close to A,
and is destroyed by one of the German generals who turns out to be a >mage.
Konstantin becomes leader of the kumpania.

The kumpania returns to A., where Konstantin founds a sort of "de-Nazification"
program for the city's Kindred.

Falk of Maastricht is

ent td Los Angeles.

man kings until 1531). For Cainite history in
A,, see the timeline below

* Aix-la-Chapelle Manifesto: Declaration of
principles of the >Choeur Céleste ("Choir
of Celestial Voices") given on November 11,
800 A.D. In it, the Choeur Céleste vows to
protect mankind from supernatural beings.

first quarter of the seventh century, the A.
began to systematically transcribe and guard
numerous tomes of ancient lore. The icono-
clast movement initiated by the >Ventrue

»Antonius and the hatred that the
Carpathian Tzimisce felt for the Obertus
Tzimisce whom they saw as heretics first led
to public mocking of the A., later to torture,

* Aiysha: Member of the ~Jocastatians who
claimed to be the author of my -*Book of Nod
in an epilogue

¢ Akoimetai: Orthodox order of monks that
served the --Tzimisce Dracon and the
*Obertus Tzimisce in the East Roman Em-
pire. They promoted icon worship in
onstantinople. These supposedly mystical
images of Jesus and the saints really were im-
ages of the many forms of the Dracon. In the

Excyctopaepia VAMpyRIca

14

murder and the burning of their monaster-
ies. The knowledge that the A. had accu-
mulated found its way into the —+library of
the forgotten. The mortal monks that had
survived the purge called themselves
Gesudians after their Cainite saint >Gesu,
Only the name Obertus has survived until
tonight, referring now to a Tzimisce ghoul
family of the same name.


¢ Akritai: Wherever >Kindred mingle with
mortals, there are unfortunately kine who
see through our Masquerade and hunt us
mercilessly. How could it be different in
Greece? These holy men hunt us with an
admirable scientific thoroughness, and what
I wouldn't give for only one night of rum-
maging through their libraries. It is said that
only the Vatican itself houses greater secrets.

© Al Sidi, Fagir: Legendary founder of the
Pebonliviio came Guéoe che plains alone
according to the bloodline's history. He prac-
ticed blood and earth magic that was very
primitive, but still very powerful. He sired
only one childe, Kamiri ->wa Itherero, and
taught him his ways. Thus, the Laibon were
created. This Methuselah's identity and
*clan remain a mystery.

* Alamut: This term provokes fear and awe
at the same time. From this place, also called

»Eagle's Nest, the Old Man from the
Mountain, master of the assassins, sends
forth his angels of death on missions from
those who are willing to pay the price. To-
night, after the Treaty of Tyre, the name
does not mean the mountain fortress itself,
but only the place where the master and the
elders of the clan reside.

© Al-Ashrad: The most awe-inspiring
»mage to ever walk the world. First magi-
cian of the ->Assamites, their >Amr. The
childe of -rur-Shulgi was the one to break

———

CAH

the Tremere curse with his >sire's help and
to empower his fellows to take the revenge
they had waited forso long. I am afraid I can-
not say more about this being, for let's face it,
dear readers — would you like to come closer
than necessary to the man who bested the
Tremere single-handedly?

¢ Alastor: When the justicars put together
the first draft of the Red List, they decreed
there had to be a group of —-archons who
would concentrate exclusively on chasing the

Anathema. These individuals were the A.
In the meantime, it is possible to become A
without having been an archon. These blood-
hounds of the »*Camarilla travel extensively
in search of the Anathema but also pursue
their superiors'
emies. Most

agendas and destroy their en-
»princes will send A.s back to
the justicars, most of the time under indict-
ment. The justicars publicly reprimand any
A. who was caught incognito in a city, espe-
cially when a prince or his primogen can
prove that his actions had nothing to do with
chasing an Anathema. Usually a justicar "for-
gives" an A.'s destruction when the prince can
prove his ulterior motives, but most of the
time the affair doesn't end here — justicars
always find a way to exact revenge.

The A. are usually well armed and trained,
especially when they are former archons.
Older A. usually are former archons and have
served their justicars well, which prompted
their promotion to A.s. I should maybe note
that the A. think they did the right thing
when hunting the Anathema, for it makes the
world a safer place for the Camarilla. An A.
who carries the >trophy sign (or sign of the
Beast) usually hides it by wearing gloves.

¢ ALAzif: Manuscript written in medieval

Arabic rumored to be in the possession of a
>Tremere faction. Serves them as a means to

interpret the Book of Nod. This text, also

called the Necronomicon, is supposed to have

been written by the prophet and poet Abd
*Al-Azrad. It postulates a belief in a universe
aster than most have ever dreamt.

* Al-Azrad, Abd: Mad prophet and poet; au-
thor of the +Al-Azif, in the U.S. called the
Necronomicon. Could he be the same indi-
vidual as > AL-Ashrad?

ExcycLopseDia VAMPYRICA
15

}

a

Wie got to knoe and
dove each other Anring
the Crusades. With her
tvell-proportioned body
and large almond eyes,
she is the epitome of
beauty for me. A feer
the Crusades J returned
te Europe. Gome time
tater the A ssamite
elders sent her to destroy
me, for which J sent her
to torpor. Nevertheless,
she has helped me
destroy my accursed,
sire.


The Amis Noirst Arrogant
bastards. Td never thenght
Someone contd be more
preposterous and full of

" themselves than your average

| Keeeper... but this lot is the
undead proof that J was
rong. J am impressed.

! Then Again, J might be
tying.

CAD

¢ Albigensians: 1. Also called Cathari. Fol-
»Path of Cathari. — 2. Ascetic
heretics from southern France. After fruitless
efforts by Pope Innocent Ill, finally extin-
guished by the Inquisition in 1330.

© Alexandria: 1. A., built in 331 B.C. by
Alexander the Great, served as capital of
Egypt for centuries. Tonight, though, its splen-
dor and glory are long gone, and like most of
its undead inhabitants, A. is only a shadow of
its former self. The >Ventrue and —-Torea-
dor were preeminent here at times, and old
members of those clans still dominate
*Kindred society. Since the last Toreador
prince,
stroyed oy

lowers of the

Marcellus, was mysteriously de-
50 years ago, the Traditions are
interpreted and enforced by the >primogen.

Here, one of the greatest crimes in history took

e when Christendom ruled the Roman
Empire in the fourth century and tried to
eradicate paganism. Christians burned down
the great library of A., and in the conflagra-
tion, more than 500,000 scrolls, tablets and
tomes fell victim to the flames. The knowl-
edge of epochs turned to ashes. But

ppadocians who had their havens in A.'s
catacombs claimed the library still existed in
the Underworld, and Kindred who were brave
and able enough to penetrate the border be-
tween the worlds of the living and the dead
could still profit from the knowledge it stored.
In these nights, the Cappadocians, too, are
history and have mostly been forgotten, and
the catacombs of A. that have not been un-
covered by mortals yet are Nosferatu domain.
— 2. Fifth Generation Toreador. A. reached
the New World together with Francisco
Pizarro in 1531. One of the best-known rep-
resentatives of the --Camarilla in South
America. In addition to being Prince of
Buenos Aires, A. oversees almost all sect ac-
tivities in Argentina and owns several casi-
nos all over South America. Two rumors cir-
culate about this Kindred who has persevered
on this continent against all odds like no other
member of the Camarilla. First, especially
learned Toreador firmly believe A. is really
Callisti --y Castillo; second, she is seen as
having ties to the so-called "Red Ludwig,"
one of the world's most infamous art thieves.

EncycLopsepiA VAMpYRICA

16

¢ Al-Faqadi, Fatima: Sixth Generation

*Assamite; *1080, #1102, childe of

»Thetmes. Fatima was born as the child of
an Almohad family. Her passion and dexter-
ity raised the Assamites' attention. As a de-
vout Muslim, she fought the Christians in
all Crusades after her>Embrace except for
the Fourth. Over the centuries, she became

one of the Assamites' best agents. She fought
fanatically under the leadership of her clan,
which is why the Kindred see only the
heartless murderer in her. But deep within,
she is completely torn, which drives her in-
stead of crippling her.

According to rumor, Fatima has chafed un-
der the direction >ur-Shulgi seeks to lead
the clan, and has turned her back on the
main body of the Assamites.

¢ Alfonso: Lasombra. Childe of -Narses.
Also known as Bishop A. of Venice. In spite
of the prolonged resistance of the trinity
of --Constantinople, A. seized power there
in 1185, allegedly with the help of the
>Inconnu. Since the Fourth Crusade, he
claimed domain in the Latin kingdom of
Constantinople. After the decline of the Byz-


antine Empire, he vanished, but eyewitnesses
report that he had been called back to his
rsite. Possibly A. found refuge with the

* Al-Rashid, Khalid: Nosferatu; as a
mortal, he was one of the Muslim leaders
responsible for the bloodthirsty image the
crusaders had of all Muslims. As one of the
undead, he is now torn between two as-
pects of his personality, one looking for
peace in the mystical state of »Golconda,

the other being the wild, primal Beast that
keeps him from his goal time and time
again. He is the Nosferatu
icago. Although he has hidden in the
background for a long time, alert Kindred
there learned about his existence when the
»Lupines attacked the city, for he played
an important role in defending it and killed
some of these creatures himself

»primogen in

© Amaranth: 1. Small red finch from Africa.
— 2.1In Kindred parlance, the act of drink-
ing blood from other Cainites and drawing
their soul into one's own. The association
might arise from the predominant color with
the bird and with the drinking. —3. Precious
red orchid traditionally sent to the future vic-
tim of A. (2) as an advance warning one week
prior to the attack in Antiquity and the
Middle Ages.

© Amis Noirs: Inner circle of the Lasombra.
Probably founded in the 15th century. Paral-
lel to the ~*Sabbat. Unofficial beginnings as
early as the seventh century. The name is
French, because this was the only language
aside from Latin that both the Italian and the
Spanish elders spoke. Members call them-
selves true Lasombra; the rest of the clan
is regarded as rank and file. The A. see them-
selves as shepherds of the other Lasombra.
Mentioning them to nonmembers is strictly
forbidden. Nonmembers of the A. often see
them as an appendix to the Sabbat. The A.
used to meet once per decade for a blood feast
at ~*Cardinal --Mongada's haven to which
other Sabbat members, especially Toreador
antitribu, were invited, too. The A. organize
the Palla Grande as well as the -Festivo
dello Estinto

© Amr: Pl. Amria. Title of the foremost sor-
cerer of the *Assamites. The A. is a member
of the >Du'at

© Amsterdam: One of the strongholds of the

»Camarilla in Europe and one of its most
beautiful cities at that. A. is a hotbed of new
ideas— a liberal metropolis that has preserved
its own charm. A clever Kindred should
never have to suffer from hunger here, for the
vast red light district with its whorehouses and
clubs offers more than enough choice for dif-
ferent tastes. The Prince of A., a *Ventrue
called Arjan ~Voorhies, has only one bigger

ENcycLopseDia VAMpYRICA
17

Concerning Manet, J

tyoutdn't evorry about hin

anymore.

The maw was a pe
saint even! Untlotat ing
oe attest hac lealh
04 nwach about ubat' Hg
stock bon tat - even ahs
tinades aud chatribes
sometimes a little Nes.
tiring, Ot Fle
A saint
fatalism is asign of ho!
this doesn't only overthrow a
[ol of Catholic dogma, bul ;
never mind. Coeryone should

decide for themselves tf

fnmm... Jf
Lines,

Anatole was a,saint.


TIMELINE OF THE ANARCH REVOLT

13th century: Anarch Movement founded, aceording to sources by +>Brujah.

13th -14th centuries: Inquisition wars: Anarchs destroy elders, the Assathites come out
into the open and neonate uprisings occur across Europe.

1205: Anarchs make peace with the Assamites, and together they kill the *Lasombra

Antediluvian.

Anarch Revolution starts.

Peasant revolt in England. Tyler is Embraced by Robin ->Leeland.

»Meerlinda, *Tremere councilor; and the ->Ventrue >Hardestadt propose 4 league
of Kindred. The suggestion is met with apathy.

1240:
1381:
1394:

1395:
1420:
1435:
1444:
1450:

Hardestadt is destroyed when Tyler attacks his castle.

Peak of the Anarch Revolt

Division of the Kindred into a "Camarilla" first mentioned.

Augustus Giovanni diablerizes *Cappadocius.

Wave of pestilence in Europe leads to growing distrust between the Kindred for
the Tremere have arisen recently, too. Most of the London Kindred of the 9th and
10th Generation disappear after drinking from diseased kine. *Mithras uses this,
captures the Tremere ~chantry lord and makes anexample of hin: Many mortal
minions of the Tremere vanish. Renaissance statts. The Toreador Rafael de
Corazon make his famous speech that leads to the founding of the >Camarilla and

to the
*Transylvania to the one in
>Servitors of Irad founded:

War of the Roses in England.

Constantinople falls to the Turks.

1456:
1460:
1462:
1486:
1492:
1493:

Columbus reaches America
End of the first Anarch Revolt.

»Masquerade. ~*Etrius leads the Tremere from the chantry in *Ceoris in
»Vienna

The Camarilla calls a blood hunt on the

»Convention of Thorns.

> Assamires.

problem at present: the Giovanni, the ac

cursed family of Italian merchants, is trying
toestablish a foothold in his domain by what

ever means necessary. The reader should lend
no credit to rumors about a Sabbat pack led
by a man named ~>Karolus, because when-
ever the Camarilla manages to claim an area
over a significant period of time, timid mad-
men paint the terrible image of the Sabbat
on any wall in reach — even in a domain as
calm and quiet as A

¢ Anarch: | am afraid I have to discuss this
very controversial issue, though | am aware
that the personal opinions and beliefs of a sage
should never come in the way of his view of
what is essentially true. | can understand the
dissatisfaction and the urge to be free that the

>fledglings who cannot or do not want to
cope with the old ways and therefore don't
consider themselves members of the

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

18

»Camarilla feel. On the other hand, we can-
not have structures that have proven useful
and helpful for more than five centuries over-
thrown arbitrarily. At least, I am satisfied to
be able to say that these revolutionary ten-
dencies cannot be ascribed to my ~-clan only
but are a problem common to all clans. And
make no mistake — not all A.s are rebel-
lious revolutionaries interested only in

>diablerizing all elders and overcoming
the status quo. Many A.s only want to truly
be themselves, unbound by others' rules.

¢ Anarch Free State: Anarch domain on
the U.S. West Coast centered around L.A
On Dec. 21, 1944, Jeremy MacNeil and
the other members of the so-called Revolu-
tionary Council started their campaign to
overthrow Don Sebastian, the —>Prince of
L.A., in a demonstration of disobedience
unheard of until then. Allegedly, their revo-


= SS

lution was caused by a long series of oppres-
sion of and attacks on ~anarchs and other
young ~>Cainites. These attacks climaxed in
an episode where MacNeil was seized and
beaten by ->Kindred loyal to the prince. On
Dec. 23, the issue was resolved and the prince
and the primogen had been destroyed. A
manifesto, the Status Perfectus, was issued
by the Revolutionary Council. Basically, this
collection of absurd ideas proclaimed every
Kindred's right to be free and independent
and declared the dedication of the A.'s Kin-
dred to the goal of freedom for all Kindred.
Then, the Revolutionary Council dissolved.
The ~Camarilla braced for terror in the style
of the French Revolution or at least for anew
»Anarch Revolt. The anarchs all over the
world rejoiced in the hope that a land of free-
dom and equal rights had been born unto
them. Both were disappointed. Tonight, L.A.
is an overcrowded beehive of anarch gangs
fighting for territory. Until recently, the raids
of the archons of the now-destroyed

»Nosferatu —>Justicar + Petrodon reminded
the city of its treachery. Even now, the only
truly safe place in town is the Barony of An-
gels (for mortals: downtown L.A.), which
MacNeil guards as his personal territory.
Those who cannot survive in the neighbor-
hoods dominated by gangs gather in the bar-
ony, where MacNeil lets any Kindred feed
as long as the -»Masquerade is not broken.
But even these territories are endangered.
Not long ago, a number of -*Cathayans be-
came active in town. A group of Kuei-jin has
begun to fight the anarchs for L.A.'s heroin
market. Until now, MacNeil has recognized
the Chinese tongs' sovereignty, but the peace
is fragile. Sooner or later the situation in
Chinatown will force MacNeil to take a
stand. In the meantime, he has advised all
Kindred to stay clear of Little Tokyo. It seems,
though, as if every night brought more Kuei-
jin. The anarchs of the A. ask themselves if
these new arrivals might be the spearhead of
an invasion — and are angry because the
Camarilla has started talking to the Kuei-
jin formally without even involving the
anarchs.

* Anarch Manifesto: A lampoon penned
by Salvador Garcia. The author tries to in-
cite ~-anarchs all over the world to rise up
against their elders on the lowest of intel-

CAS)

lectual levels. He insists on ideas like democ-
racy and absolute freedom. He reports his
*Embrace by a —-Brujah in the early 20th
century and confesses his part in founding the
»Anarch Free State and his -diablerie of the
former
climaxes in a threat to murder the former
Nosferatu ~Justicar +Petrodon, which
raises the suspicion that Garcia might have
been part of his assassination. In one part of
the A., the author sheds light on the anarchs'
fate through the centuries and especially
praises Carthage and the French Revolu-
tion — which he never would have experi-

>Prince of Los Angeles. The screed

enced as a childe of the 20th century

¢ Anarch Revolt: The largest uprising of
younger Kindred against their
relders that led to the founding of the
»Sabbat.

>sires and

¢ Anathema: The 13
List

>Kindred on the >Red

¢ Anatole: Eighth Generation ~*Malkavian;
*1173, #1193, +1999. Childe of Pierre
l'Imbécile. A. is also called the "holy harbin-
ger." He always had visions, but only after his

»Embrace did they start making sense. In the
Middle Ages, >Octavio turned to him. He
asked A. to destroy him by ~Amaranth. A
did and was on a mission ever since until he
met his ~>Final Death. Together with my col-

Encyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

19

le
Ge org gee

A few years early? The lilfle one

#8 an undead example of chil]
molestation... I Thnew ako was
2 who did this to the

slomp him into the
ground.

S think "csceplional"

4s much loo
sieak a word for this oman. Whou
F has
ealey a ccienlific neutealily demands
from an encyclopedist, I mole in this
margin that all' Kindted of thi

been unobleusise in the main

taise and

glory upon Qnushin

awan ¢ head

and sing culagies fo her effots

t,
abogany, or steels —
kate qust asking


SS

bi
xen stippprsed, DEAF Frieno, # a
ny stil FALL FoR this EmBAP-
IN
ssing Uttle TRANSLATION
pi French... You know NOs
é "che ig
san gpal" the boly gpail," Bu
"te sang peal, the poyal
loo"... JNA WAT?
wrae.

CAD

§ league Lucita (see her->biography in Appen-
dix II) and -Beckett he searched for frag-
ments of the ~-Book of Nod and told about
the coming of >Gehenna. A. committed sui-
cide after passing on all his knowledge in a
cave in the Adirondacks in 1999.

* Andronicus, Eli > Elihu.

jas?

* Angelo: >Anathema of unknown >clan
and generation, hunted by Clan +Tremere
for more than three decades now. Sometime
in the '60s, this >Cainite showed up on the
American continent in the aftermath of a

»Sabbat attack on Los Angeles. A. makes
every watcher ponder some interesting ques-
tions: it is said he was in a state of constant
>frenzy and thus immune to ~Rétschreck.
Other stories claim he was a *Tzimisce who
had managed to incorporate the bodies of nu-
merous other Kindred into his, which is
said to enable him to use all Disciplines
known to us. Still other assumptions link him
to the Blood Brothers. It is rumored that
some Tremere even think A. was the
Kindred's next evolutionary step. His where-
abouts remain unknown

Excyctopsepia VAMpyRICA

20

2

© Angellis ater: ~Lasombra who focus on
the darkness within until it becomes an ob-
session with the darkness without. These are
called A. or "Black Angels." Nothing is
known about their first meeting with the

»Baali, but some suspect that Baali from the
lineage of >Azaneal facilitated the A.'s con-
tact with the infernal.

¢ Angels of Caine: Term the ~Assamite

antitribu use for themselves

¢ Angiwar: Nosferatu; had led many a
Germanic tribe before the Roman legions
marched north. It is probably due to his
struggle that the empire never expanded be-
yond the Limes. A. isa remarkable figure who
claimed an adversarial domain full of >Lu-
pines and without cities for many centuries
and made it grow to his benefit. Addition-
ally, he is one of the Nosferatu who have
taken up the fight against their siblings, the

»Nictuku. He may even be the only one of
his clan to be able to stand up to them in age
and power. With the arrival of the Chris-
tians in his territory, his tracks vanish, and
the Kindred of the area long thought him

destroyed. But only a few years after —> Babe
Yaga awoke, the German Nosferatu related
to each other having felt his presence. They

id he moved east to keep fighting the hag
as he had done on the Catalaunian [EDIT-
ING: SIC!] Fields in the year 451.

* Animalism: The Beast exists in all crea-
tures, be they flea-ridden rats or mighty >rel-
ders of the Kindred. A. lends its users a
limited control of the Beast within. Kindred
who do not possess this -* Discipline seem to
repulse animals unless they already estab-
lished a bond with them while still breath-
ing. Other animals will just try to escape from
Kindred, although some might attack them
outright.

A. is well known among the

>Nosferatu, >Ravnos.
These ~*clans often use animals as retainers
and ghouls.

>Gangrel,
>Tzimisce and

¢ Anotos, Karen: Having managed only to
play mediocre roles with mediocre talent in
mediocre Hollywood films as a mortal actress,


Karen is a lot less dignified still among the

*Kindred. A. believes in everything ever
written about vampires in books or shown
about them in films. Among other things,
she avoids garlic, running water and
*holy symbols. She dresses only in black and
surrounds herself with a —>herd of vessels
in ruffled shirts with black fingernails writ-
ing third-rate poetry. Byron spins in his
grave.

* Antediluvians: The members of the Third
Generation and thus some of the oldest
»Cainite warlords involved in the >Jyhad.

¢ Antitribu: Literally, "anticlan" or "enemy
of the clan." The A. are -*Kindred who have
turned away from their "parent clans" and
are part of the -Sabbat. The
»Lasombra A. are an exception, as they
have left the Sabbat in favor of an indepen-
dent unlife or the *Camarilla. A. are usu
ally regarded very poorly by their parent
clans, which is especially true for the
Lasombra

now

Antonescu, Nicolai: Sixth Generation
Tremere; *1303, #1314;
*Chicago. A. was discovered by the

as achild and taught ever since. According

to A. his
early, though, when his master sired him af
tera failed attempt to summon a demon.

has run the chantry faithfully for centuries,

and his loyalty was rewarded with his posi-

tion in Chicago in 1869. Only a few people
know that -+Lodin owed his princedom
largely to A., for the regent used his many
magical arts to persuade a number of —>Kin-
dred to support Lodin. The >Ventrue owe

A. gratitude and respect, and one night, A.

will start calling in favors.

* Antonius: Aka "the Gaul." This
*Ventrue is among the founders of the
*Trinity (1) of Constantinople. He must

have been Embraced several centuries B.C.

A. ruled Gallia until the Romans came. He

recognized the ideals of his clan in the Ro-

mans and joined -»Camilla and thus, the Ro-
man Empire. At that time he must have met
*Michael, and the two became lovers. From
the beginning, A. was the driving force be-
hind Michael's dream. His pragmatism and
logic lent stability to the Toreador. When

remere

»Embrace came a few years too

>Regent of

>Tzimisce
>»Constantinople, envy
arose in A. Through his desperate attempts
to keep Michael's attention for himself, his
envy gradually turned to hate. A.'s struggles
with the Dracon are le
the history of the B

the third man of the trio, the
»Dracon, reached

gendary and influenced

ntine Empire. They
ended in the atrocities of the Iconoclasts when
A. joined the Iconoclasts to apply their mor-
tal example in the Kindred world. Their
actions in both worlds were so extreme that
they led to A.'s destruction in the eighth cen-
tury.

¢ Anushin-Rawan: An exceptional

»Ventrue who can look back on a proud heri-
tage of a line of distinguished elders dating
back to >Veddharta himself. As an ambassa-
dor and peacemaker of the ~Camarilla and
the Ventrue, she has proven her competence
time and again and underlined the fact that
the expectations put upon her due to her
noble lineage were well justified. During her
efforts she recognized that a place where

>Kindred could meet undisturbed to discuss
was of immense importance. In the 1950s, she
made a proposal to the Ventrue directorate
and was granted the necessary resources. She
bought the island of —Yiaros and created a
peerless sanctuary for Kindred to meet. This
island brought her as much status as her lin-

ENcycLopseDIA VAMpYRICA
21

oh

bi

brief Gores

Ke l. thos
lerio'.
ings

a Gas a

Clan of


O8 counse that ix
14 Complete
vousense, | cannot

AtlC baan't understood
t that there are exactly
three membens of the
yf Second Generation vot
) mone on Fess aud Fheiy
) bother? Thick beaded
py lesen chucllons,

NR  Fhese lerts sill don't gel published,
\ dothey? The secret societies would

have my bread for this

CAD

eage and her excellent diplomatic skills; thus,
she is one of the most glamorous and influ-
ential Ventrue of the Final Nights. The fact
that the >Inner Circle has considered meet-
ing on Yiaros and leaving Venice definitely
doesn't diminish her status and prestige.

¢ Apotheosis: Greek for the process of at-
taining godhood or adoration. Often used
in conjunction with ~*Cappadocius's plan
to -diablerize God himself and thus be-
come a god.

¢ Apprentice: The lowest rank in the inter-
nal hierarchy of Clan Tremere.

¢ Arakur: Fabled -Ventrue > Methuselah
who is rumored to have founded the city of
Ur and to have been the sire of Tiamat.

© Arcanum: A widespread organization of
mortal sages who know of the existence of
the Kindred and continue poking their
noses into our affairs. Their knowledge makes
the A. members a potential danger, and any
Kindred would be well advised to stay away
from them or maybe even force the A. to
leave them alone (as it happened in 1910,
when the >Tremere burnt down the A.'s
chapter house in Boston). Their chapter
houseiifi Vienna is tolerated by the Tremere
because they have managed to create ghouls
from some of the most influential Austrian
members of the A., which enables the clan
to freely use the vast archives of the A.

* Archbishop: A Cainite claiming domain
over a *Sabbat city alone. Not every Sabbat
city has an A.; some have bishops or coun-
cils of bishops instead.

* Archon: Office of the »Camarilla; aides
of +justicars acting according to their
wishes. If the justicars are the Inner
Circle's hands, then the A.s are the fingers
on these hands. Often, A.s can make a
justicar's presence be felt even if he is not
present at all. A.s are part of the Camarilla
hierarchy but are not so far remote from the
typical +Kindred's unlife that they couldn't
gain the trust of other Kindred outside the
hierarchy. This makes them ideal watchers
whose ideas often carry significant weight
with their patrons.

ENc¥CLOpsepIA VAMpyRICA

$e

¢ Ardan of Golden Lane: Seventh Genera-
tion >Tremere; *Prague 1087, #1107.

»Chantry leader at -*Ceoris. A. was an
alchemist's apprentice. After discovering his
magical talents, he joined House Tremere
and was Embraced at Ceoris after having
learned about the >Tzimisce conflict with
the Warlocks. He was sent back to Prague to
erect a chantry that should supply Ceoris
with goods and gold. He did such an admi-
rable job that he was made regent of Ceoris
when ~Etrius moved to ~Vienna with
Tremere, Under A.'s leadership, Ceoris was
expanded until it was veritable fortress that
even survived Communism. These nights, A.
counts among the most influential Tremere
who are not part of the Council of Seven;
it is said he knew more about the secret
machinations within the clan than ev
some of the councilors.

¢ Arikel: Most common name for the clan
founder of the Toreador.

¢ Arimatheans: ->Gehenna cult; founded
30 A.D. The A. can trace their history back
to the first nights after the crucifixion. A
number of Kindred from Judea were inter-
ested in the story of Jesus' resurrection. Even-
tually, they dismissed it as a figment of imagi-
nation or an artifact lost to time.
Nevertheless, some kept believing and hop-
ing. They searched all four corners of the
world for the grail that their founder, Joseph
of Arimathea, was supposed to have brought
north. Unfortunately, they were not the only
ones interested in the grail, and it was taken
away by mysterious guardians.
The A. attribute powers to the grail, most of

which can be traced back to mortal legends.
Since most of the A. refuse to >sire childer
(because it would be a sin to endanger some-
one else's soul), they need to find new mem-
bers by converting others. Recently (that is,
in the last few years) the A. have started to
exchange knowledge with other, smaller
groups indulging in grail lore but stemming
from Celtic myths.

ra theologist it would be an experience to
spend a year among the A., since their prac-
tices come directly from the original Christians.


« Arpad, Nova: Seventh Generation
>Ventrue; *1020, #1050. Sent to
>Transylvania by the Hungarian Ventrue
tosupervise the feudal system there. By day,
the mortal nobility ruled. The sinister rule
of the night blossomed only after sundown,
when doors and windows were firmly shut.
A. did not develop this system on her own;
she mirrored the Szeklers' brutality. When
she reached Transylvania, she was an ide.
alist. According to her, the Hungarians' ac-
tions were only logical. Hungary was a
Christian kingdom, and mortals following
papal laws possessed a humanity the
Ventrue could only dream of. The western
part of the land was on the same level as
other civilized nations. Transylvania was a
country of barbarian pagans, and even the
land itself was steeped in evil. Only civili-
zation could tame it.

Inher mortal days, A. had been the daugh-
ter of a noble Arpad. She had received an
exquisite education that consisted not only
of languages and literature, but also of music
and riding. In spite of her wits she was des-
tined to be the genius behind a powerful
husband. No matter how beneficial such a
relationship could be, she would never haye
any real power. That was not enough for A.

The Embrace gave her incomparable pos-
sibilities. She was fascinated by politics. Her

+elders soon recognized her abilities. She
was also an enthusiast for the history of
Hungary and Transylvania. As a strong-
willed and ambitious politician she believed
she was able to civilize the country, for as a
Ventrue it was her purpose to bring about
order. Mortals had to be shown their place
in the order of things. This wasn't a ques-
tion of arrogance — it was divine right. Her
ambition and her rhetorical talents earned
her the elders' respect, and soon she was se-
lected for the chance to serve them in the
wilds of Transylvania.

Her cruel fate was the result of a *Nosferatu
conspiracy. They used their powers to make
A. look like a fool. But A. was freed before
a year had passed. After 1240, she forced
several Transylvanian princes to support the
reinforcements in the Siebenbiirgen by Bela
IV. Then, she urged the Hungarian

+Cainites and the Holy Roman Empire to

bring Saxon princes to the country. In 1288,
she helped to establish the Imperial Diet, an
assembly of Transylvanian nobles. In the
mortal realm, the feudal lords demanded
ever-increasing taxes from the Romanian
serfs. Many of these fled to the neighboring
Wallachia or Moldavia,

In 1437, the Romanians rose up against their
lords. The Union of Three Nations answered
by recognizing only Magyars, Germans and

klers as races with privileges. Seven Saxon
princes tried to rise to power. This led to A.
supporting the oppression in Hungary for two
centuries. After the 15th century, her fate is
lost to the mists of time, but it is reliably sure
that she was destroyed in recent nights.

¢ Arpad Ventrue: Coterie supporting the
Magyar noble dynasty of the Arpads and com-
ing mainly from its ranks, especially Zombar
and Geza Arpad, both sons of >Bulscu. The
dynasty originally came from southern Russia
and was extinguished in the 15th century
when Nova Arpad vanished.

* Ar-Rahman, Abd: Fourth Generation
»Malkavian; *ca. 750 B.C.; sire of + Jacob/
Esau.

© Asabiyya: Name for the --Assamites' tra-
dition of absolute loyalty to each other and
the clan, a behavior that some of the clan
should remember well.

¢ Ashton, Lord: ~Gangrel of unknown gen-
eration; author of an agitprop "guide for young
Gangrel." It remains a mystery how of all
clans, a clan that's not too interested in the
education of its

sion such a book.

*neonates came to commis-

© Ashur: 1. From old Assyrian Assur, the
main deity of the Assyrians, a warlike people
that arose from the mingling of non-Sumerian
original inhabitants and Semitic immigrants
and settled down at the upper Tigris and the
Grand Zab around 2500 B.C.; land and capi-
tal were named Assur after him. — 2. Almost
no other undead is depicted in many legends
and myths as diversely as this reputed Ante-
diluvian — for this is what he probably was
— known under this name. ~Noddists and
occult scholars of all ages cannot agree on his
identity, mainly because A. is rumored to be
the founder of the infernal —Baali bloodline.

ExcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

23

| FRiens,
houghr we weRe CO"
myence, wor ro my TOL:

"AIN: +

Nieruku Ag?
Frenvs..- | 7
anrred TO S!


The theory I can support proposes that A. was
>Cappadocius, the founder of the
Cappadocians, for aged members of this clan
referred to the father of their clan by that
name.

The rumor about A. having had a third eye,
which is interpreted as him being Saulot, the
founder of the extinct Salubri, is almost cer-
tainly a myth, probably invented by members
of the Usurpers to convince the hapless of the
righteousness of their crusade against the
"soul-eating" childer of Saulot. Everyone who
has looked into our early history knows about
the relationship between the Salubri and the
diabolical Baali. It is ridiculous to interpret it
as if the Salubri had something to hide or to
make up for.

* Assamites: The A. come from the deserts
of the East and bring a miasma of terror. They
are known as a clan of fanatical killers taking
assassination contracts from other >Cainites
that must be paid in blood.

The A. tended to stay clear of ~sect affairs.
Some see them as useful for executing blood
hunts, destroying unwanted childer and in-
filtrating enemy power bases. But A. rarely
ally with other Cainites, for they see them as
lesser. Unlike other clans, the A. do not claim
to have a Third Generation founder. They
believe their founder to have been a member
of the Second Generation, which makes all
other Cainites flawed copies of them.

In the nights before the founding of the
»Camarilla and the ->Sabbat, the A. used to
practice diablerie, for they tried to get closer
to "the One," as they call their founder. With
the ~Anarch Revolt and the founding of the
Camarilla and the Sabbat, many ~elders grew
restless because the cannibalistic A. prowled
their ranks. The Camarilla asked the
» Tremere to curse the A.'s ->blood, thus sub-
jugating the clan and preventing them from
drinking other Cainites' vitae. The A. could
not confront the Camarilla and accepted this
humiliation. Those who did not accept the
>Tremere curse joined the Sabbat.

In 1999, changes were felt within the clan.
The clearest sign of them was the fact that
the clan broke the Tremere curse. Free from
the chains that stopped it from diablerizing,
the clan went on a killing and cannibalism

ENcycLopaepiA VAMpyRICA

spree. The A. now destroyed other —Kin-
dred without contracts.

The A. are more aggressive now. Where they
once accepted no second contract for a vie-
tim that had conquered one of them, the clan
can now hunt this victim and often does so
with incomparable zeal. Also, the A. have
stopped honoring the tradition of the tithe
for the sire. Now that >Gehenna has
started, there is no room for A. who want to
take it slowly.

It is unclear what the A. want. They have
made daring steps in combat and politically,
and in cities where the preeminent Kindred
had become lazy and complacent, spies of the
clans have unmasked themselves. Their po-
sition in India and the Middle East is much
stronger than the other Cainites have
guessed so far. While they once saw the A.
as honorable (or powerless, as the case may
be), useful tools, they now fear them.

The A. dress stylishly and practically. Most
of them have the traits of the inhabitants of
the Middle East — dark skin, aquiline nose
and dark hair'andeyes. Lately, though,
westerners have been taken into the clan,
but they are a minority. It's hard to say some-
thing general about their appearance because
they are chosen for their skills, not their
looks. Unlike other Cainites, they do not
grow paler, but darker; very old A. are
most ebony black.

The A. elders reside in >Alamut. Neo-
nates on duty in Europe or the U.S. chose
different locations as havens. Most clan
members were involved in assassinations or
terrorist activities in life, but this is less true
for the ~viziers of the A. The A.'s clan >Dis-
ciplines are Celerity, Quietus and Obfuscate.

After breaking the Tremere curse, the A.
have rediscovered their predilection for other
Cainites' vitae. After being forced to rely on
alchemical blood potions for so long, the A.
now become addicted to other Kindred's
blood easily.

The A. have a hierarchy. On top of it is the

»Old Man of the Mountain residing in the
Eagle's Nest. From there, the elders coordi-
nate the A.'s activities, but increasingly more
of them are sent out to destroy Cainites —


with or without a contract. A lot of the clan's
"business terms" — like the prohibition to
hunt enemies who have conquered an A. be-
fore — were voided. For outsiders it's like the
A. are on a rampage.

The A. viziers specialize in the studies of

*Thaumaturgy and Middle Eastern magic.
Viziers rarely leave Alamut and never take
Dart in assassinations. They'd rather expand
their knowledge of blood magic. A. viziers
shun Celerity in favor of Thaumaturgy as a
lan Discipline. A. antimibu of the Sabbat are
almost like their counterparts and get along
well with them.

* Assassins: Nickname of the —>Assamites.

© Astors: Secret society of the Tremere.
The A. were supposedly founded by the >In-
ner Circle and are said to be responsible for
ferreting out traitors and spies within the

*clan. They have the right to call secret "A.
councils" where they may sit in court with no
restrictions and execute perpetrators. The A.
recruit their members from the Tremere's
tanks and choose only those who seem to be
able to carry this enormous burden.

* Attucks, Crispus: 10th Generation
*Brujah; *1733 asa slave, #1770. Father Af-
rican, mother Indian. His family was loyal to
its master. A., though, even then disliked be-
ing someone else's property and looked for

freedom. The liberties granted to his family al-
lowed him to run away and become a sailor
under the name of Michael Johnson. But A.'s
fame was won on land. While in Boston, he
became the voice of America's freedom.

During the enforcement of the English Stamp
Act, A. led a mob against British soldiers who
shot him down in this encounter known as the
Boston Massacre. Marguerite -*Foccart, a wit-
ness of these events, knew that A. was dying.
She found it a shame that such a charismatic
speaker and advocate of freedom should die
while the rebels needed him so. She decided
to ~Embrace A.

A. quickly accepted his fate. Soon, he faded
from the memory of those who had witnessed
the massacre and acted openly in several skir-
mishes with the red coats. His nightly activi-
ties, especially his leadership of a military force
of freed slayes, made him the Brujah interven-
ing in the war most directly. Then, like many
other Brujah, A. decided to stay in America.
He was part of an underground railroad smug-
gling slaves to freedom. Like many other
»anarchs, he fought the ~>Ventrue and ~>To-
reador owning the plantations. After the
American Civil War he fought for civil rights
on the southern East Coast and against the
»*Sabbat. When the anarch rebellion started
on the West Coast in the first half of the 20th
century, A. went to L.A. to join the cause.

* Auctoritas Ritae: Thirteen rituals that all
»Sabbat Kindred practice and that are
heeded like the 10 Commandments.

© Augustin: Eighth Generation Nosferatu;
* 1400, #1449. Childe of --Rabbat. 15th cen-
tury lance knight. Wounded at Graz in 1416.
Later drummer in his regiment. Infected by the
plague. Represents his clan in Vienna's secret
council. Protected by the -*Pawnbroker.

© Auspex: This ~*Discipline lends incredible
powers to a *Kindred's senses. Of course it is
an advantage for a ~>Cainite to see, hear, etc.
better than others. But he's also more suscep-
tible to beauty, noise or foul smells.

»Malkavians, —T: oreador are
the most noted practitioners of this Discipline.

misce and

¢ Autarkis: A ~Kindred refusing to be part
of ~Cainite society and to recognize a
>prince's +domain.

ENc¥cLopsepiA VAMpYRICA
25


»Chorazin tried to unite the Baali bloodline
under his leadership during the Dark Ages. He
was neither the first nor the last trying to fol-
low >Shaitan's example in doing so. But un-
like the many unfortunates who met Final
Death in their efforts, A. was simply never
heard of again. Sometimes, though, rumors or
traces of his existence surface. If he's still in

Chorazin, he could have come very close to
his goal to lead the bloodline these nights.

© Azazel: 1. From Hebrew Asasel: according
to the Ethiopian Book of Enoch, one of the
biblical Apocrypha. A. is one of the decarchs
of the 200 fallen archangels. A. taught "man
to make butchering knive:
and breastplates and showed them the metals
and how to work with them and the bracelets
and jewelry, the use of eye liner and the em-
bellishment of eyelids, the most precious and
exquisite jewels andiseveral dyes. Thus, there
was heresy abound, and they fornicated, erred
in their ways, and all their ways were corrupt."
His punishment for violating the will of God
is described as follows: "The Lord spoke to
Raphael: Bind Azazel's hands and feet and
throw him into darkness; dig a hole in the
desert of Dudael and throw him in. Put sharp

weapons, shields

ENcYCLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA

$ © Azaneal: A —Baali. The master of

and pointed stones under him and cover him
in darkness. He shall dwell there eternally, and
cover his face in darkness, for he shall see no
light. But on judgment day, he shall be cast
into the fiery pit... All of Earth was corrupted
by the works of Azazel's teachings; and I as!
cribe all sins to him." 2. A. is used in some
ancient Aramaic and Arab sources to refer to
Caine. 3. A. is probably one of the >Nictuku
and has ravaged the Middle East for quite
some time. King Solomon confronted him and
was able to banish him. If this is the case, A.
probably. lies, in‘torpor'in'a prison. or grave
somewhere'in the desert of lerael or Eaypt

¢ Azif: Fourth Generation ~Brujah; *in

»Alexandria in 261 B.C., #230 B.C. in his
hometown. Sire unknown. Before his ->Em-
brace, A. was a spice and incense merchant
in Alexandria. Committed ->Amaranth on
his sire and fled, which threw him into com-
plete poverty, Later he regained control of his
family's company via proxies and Dominated
relatives to rebuild his fortune: A. came to

»Jerusalem in 1120 to undermine the Cru-
sader State and give the city back to its Mus-
lim rulers. At the end of the 12th century, he
fled back to Alexandria without reaching his
goal. He still resides there.


© Baal: 1. Baal or the female form Ba~alat
comes from Mesopotamia and means the lord
of a city in Phoenicia. — 2. The cult of B.
comes from Phoenicia, too, and spreads to
Syria, Greece and finally the Roman Empire
from there. In Phoenicia, B.- Hammon is the
main deity (Moloch) to whom human sac-
tifices were made in ->Carthage.

¢ Baali: No other ->bloodline is as univer-
sally despised as the B., and for a reason. The
Cainites belonging to this line have lost
their immortal souls in pacts with indescrib-
ble demons. For those of you who do not
believe in the concept of the soul and think
demons are nonsense, be warned! The B. are
a real threat for our kind. In their wicked-
ness, they rival the Setites. Their powe:

enable them to discern others-> weaknesses
and use them to their ends. They seem to be
immune to the consuming danger of flames
and can even use them against their enemies
without any problems. The atrocities they
commit in the name of their masters are be-
yond description. In spite of numerous con-
flicts that were led to finally wipe out the B.,
the bloodline has been around since the
First City. The beginnings of no other
bloodline are as shrouded in mystery as the
B.s. I would like to put down in words two
of the better known and more popular ones
here. The first one assumes it all started with
a mortal cult praying and sacrificing to un-
speakable things beneath the earth. They
committed any atrocity to themselves and
to others for these unknown gods. This con-
tinued until a >Kindred generally accepted
to be >Ashur showed to this cult drastically
what it had done unto others. He threw the
maimed cultists into a well and then let fall
— for reasons unbeknownst to me — some

drops of his -vitae down the well. Later, three
Cainites arose from it, the first B. The names
of the first two were ~Nergal and Moloch.
Nothing is known about the third one. The
most prominent figure of the bloodline is part
of the other creation myth. According to it,

*Shaitan was Embraced in the times of the
First City. His sire is again supposed to be
Ashur. Shaitan had been beautiful to behold
as a mortal and was always the most striking
man among the ~kine, but among the childer
of Caine, he would always be a step behind
his sire and those who came before him. Thus,
envy grew in his heart. He couldnt bear not
tobe the most dazzling figure, and so he asked
the darkness for help. | have heard many sto-
ties about his fall; on the next page, youll
find a version from the Guarded Rubrics.
Later, Shaitan claimed to be the Cainite who
turned the other three into B. At any rate, he
called himself the founder of this bloodline.
The last bloody skirmish that united many
clans against this lines infernal Cainites was
almost 3500 years ago. The surviving B.
waited on the brink of our perception for their
time to come. By the end of the Dark Medi-
eval age, the bloodline rose again, but most
had forgotten the B.s deeds by then, and
its no wonder that it was not some other
Kindred-+s hand that stopped their ravages,
but the Inquisition. Now, more centuries
have passed while the B. hid in the shadows,
but in the dusk of the Final Nights we will see
what the servants of darkness can do in these
modern times and what horrors they conjure
while everybody waits for the end of the world.

© Baba Yaga: When the name of the Iron
Hag was whispered, even the most powerful
and most ancient elders trembled in fear.
Numerous horror stories, legends and fairy
tales surround this Methuselah whom the

*Nosferatu counted among the terrible

»*Nictuku. Seemingly since the dawn of time,
she held Russia in her steel-taloned grip and
was probably as old as the land she claimed as
her domain. When and how she was >Em-
braced by -Absimiliard is lost in the mists of
time. Until the Dark Ages, she ruled vast ter-
ritories like a tyrant, and it was only due to
the ~Ravnos Durga Syn that her influence
could be broken. After she spent a long pe-
riod in torpor, the modern world learned in
1990 that her power had by no means been
broken by the cold sleep. In just a few weeks,
all >Kindred of the Soviet Union disappeared

ENcycLopaeDIA VAMPYRICA

27


THE FIRST WAR

In the great war that shattered the First City and ¢aspddwnithe Second Generation, Shaitan
was one of the most wrathfuljofhis gentefationyHe gathered:the dissatisfied of the other
clans to his banner and laid siege tothe Template of Caine itself ar the heart of enoch.
cursing all the gods he once Avorshipped, he called on the powers.of darkness to give him
strength; then Shaitan hurled himself and his followers against Gaineshimself. The battle
shattered the temple, bringing down its ancientsoneS and searing the ground about the
ruins with hellfires. Shaitan could not win, however,for such was Gaine's might that even
Hell could not stand against him,

Shaitan's power was brokeri, but Caine could not britig himself to kill his wayward childe.
Instead Caine gazed oni the beauty offhis great-grandchilde and spoke, "You seem beautiful,
like the golden, bands T wear, like the grove of sweet-scented trees in my garden, like the
glesh of my beloved wifes Yet you are evil within, like the blood poisoned by sickness, like
the wine turned soufiin the gourd, like a broken sword lying on the battlefield. 1 cannot kill
you, for it is mystained blood, my anger that has brought you to taste this bitter cup; yet |
cannot let you'Walk the Barth in beauty,with your long lashed, your golden hair and pale
eyes. Therefore I grant you unlife bur take your heauty, from you."

Caine raised his hand and stuck Shaitan, and his hair fell from his\head, his eyes burned in

his sockets and his skin itched wich sores. Caine raised his hand and struck Shaitan a

second time, and his bones twisted and broke and he could no Jonger stand. Caine raised

his hand struck Shaitan one final time; and/all his power left him. Then Caine walked

away, never to be seen again by his childeruntil theight ofGehenna, when all secrets will
e revealed

Oh, Mbertus, what's so bad Shaitan's war patty-one from‘€ach ofthe gfeat clans-gathered around Bim, lifted him and
aboul "banking"? You should mournfully cartied him from that place, knowing theiridteatis of rebellion were over and
finally learn to think rhb they were all outeast. They took him into the wilderness and there prepared to die, for

their spirits were broken:
content and less about form, my :

hearned colleague. THE FALL

But great Caine had made on mistake; for he had left/Shaitan ‘his heattiful voice. In the
wilderness Shaitameried out, firseto his fellows and then to the.darkness which had aided
him. The darkness andswetedyand:in'a rush like a whirlwind, Shairan and his followers
were swept up and'¢hanged forever. The dark ones saw thetr broken child and wept bitter
tears, and wheré\these ‘tears touched flesh ittvas altered. They @avelto Shaitan and his

Bauep's rousbness followers poison like the asp, claws like the mountain lion, fangs and horns like the rocky
rope, ar any PATE ver é lizards, a casement like\the scorpion, and raised them high above the'earth.

1s

A she bas srakeo iso porually "We have raised youwwho were fallen," they whispered, their voiesilike ice on rock. "We

Re) own bans, 1 OF ™ have mended your shattered bones, smoothed your skin, and opéiied your eyes to darkness,

proved 10 BE Krnope? for we love you better than any others could. Worship usm love us in return, and we will

ve you dominion overall this." And the kingdoms of the World were spread before Shaitan

and his followers like a tapestry. And Shaitan look@@jupon the earth with new eyes and
coveted its beauty andiso, like a falling star, he entered the abyss.

Centuries passed and the Jyhad raged across the ancient world, Shaitan plotted against his
parent's generation and spread hispower, He worshipped by many names and in many plac

In Greece he was husband to Hecate and lapped Spilléd bloof from the ground; in Ur, chil-
dren were thrown into the fire itihis nameyaft Babylon, astrologers sacrificed to him at the
dark of the moon; as far away as Hibemia, he was known and -bldod was shed in his name.
shaitan's cult summoned demons and dedicated plated to te infernal powers, and his power
wazed until he was read to open the gavesto Hell and give the world to his masters

ENcyCLopaeDia VAMpYRICA

28


and contact with them was broken. Even
more terrifying was the fact that almost no
one managed to enter the Hags empire
anymore, and of those who got in, most did
not return to tell the tale. When I say "most,"
Trefer to the Valkyries, who are an excep-
tion to this rule. If they had not succeeded
where everybody else failed, the world might
have heard too late that the Iron Hag was
awake and was exerting her influence over
what we thought was a Brujah-infested So-
viet Union by means of demons, --Cainites,

*Lupines and other supernatural creatures.
These news terrified all who heard of them,
and in hushed tones, it was said this was the
feturn of the Crone announced in the Book
of Nod. The B. herself seemed untouchable.
No one could penetrate her thaumaturgical
barriers, for her blood sorceries exceeded
eyen those of the mightiest Tremere, and
her fiends roamed the land and destroyed
anything that opposed them, with no excep-
tion. But now, the horror seems to have come
toa sudden end. All is quiet in Russia, and
there is a rumor the Iron Hag has been de-
stroyed. If that is true, | am anxious to see
what monster will soon rear its ugly head and
replace her.

© Bahari: Sing. Baham. Term by which the
>vampires revering Lilith, the Dark
Mother, refer to themselves. The B. see Lilith
as the most powerful figure of the primeval

drama, far surpassing ->Adam, -»Caine and $
even her own Creator, who are all depicted
as treacherous characters. The B

>Gehenna as a passage into a new world
shaped by Lilith and thus renounce their
blood ties to Caine and are "reborn" into
Liliths service. Like the members of the

>Cult of Twilight, some B. seek the "last
daughter of Eve." Due to their religious be-
liefs, the B. usually belong to the --Sabbat
when they claim any ~sect allegiance at all,
though that sect->s "Noddist beliefs typically
cast the ~-Lilins as heretics, infernalists or
worse.

see

* Bakos, Vampiresa Harriet: A --Dhampyr,
daughter of a +Rroma and a ~Ravnos
Present leader of the Heralds of the Red
Star.

¢ Baladin: Profane, ambitious Tremere el-
der. We dont know a lot about his unlife.
The Winchester chantry sent B. to replace
Madeline Coventry in New England in
1795. He conquered her and proclaimed him-
self Prince of Boston. B. was found destroyed
in his chantry in 1825. In spite of different
rumors, this deed is not Madeline Coventry>s
fault. His killer is his successor as prince,

Quentin King III.

¢ Balthazar: ~Ventrue. Little is known about
this childe of »Veddharta. He came from In-
dia in 1425 B.C. to join other >Methuselah
in fighting -Shaitan on Crete. Then, he dis-
appeared inks Mesopotaiitass Honotaible
Ventrtie like -Ea Adapa and -*Anushin-
Rawan nuiiber.ainong his drogen,

¢ Banes, Camilla: Sixth Generation
»Malkavian; *1029, #1068. One of the
»founders of the >*Camarilla. B. is an extraor-
dinary, tall woman with rosy cheeks and glit-
tering, dreamy eyes. Rumor has it she can cast
brief looks into the future. B. probably suffers
from schizophrenia, for she alternates between
caring dotage and brutal cruelty. Often, she
makes remarks that are cryptic to outsiders.

¢ Banking: An especially disgusting term for
a horrible custom some younger Kindred
indulge: stealing blood from the institutions
that mortals call blood banks. Obviously, the
term was taken from the jargon of the mortal
financial services — an unforgivable and un-
dignified offense against good taste.

¢ Barbarossa: Sixth Generation ~ Ventrue;
former Prince of Frankfurt/Main.

EncycropseDiA VAMPYRICA
29

2 pas fee thought Deckett

Gas a WVnemos

ne fike m
nebered colleague Heisio cues
Opn, if pou say 50, 9¢

Losieent; Be Gill belieGe pow.

Become one pal)

aystically they
Assamites cray
$lood, and if

No matler bow
Cucumscribe if, Ife

"0 olher Kindred'

5a shame they

managed
nurse.

t break our¢


TIMELINE: BERLIN

: First human settlements in the area where Berlin is located tonight.

1137: Erik, the first Berlin >Kindred; is destroyed by Karl +Schreckt from Vienna, then one
of the keenest witch hunters in Europe.

: Ilse -Reinegger flees from Belitz to Berlin, where she establishes an early version of
the ~*Masquerade long before Rafael -*de Corazon's rousing speech in the early nights
of the -Camarilla
Berlin and its closest neighbor, the city of Cologne, build a common townhouse; Ilse
Reinegger is recognized as head of all Kindred in Upper Saxonia.

: Reinegger is betrayed and destroyed by -»Amaranth by herehild@ Gustav ->Breidenstein;
Breidenstein becomes Prince of Berlin

: A visiting Tremere forgets to introduce himself to Breidenstein and is destroyed for
this gaffe; the revenge of the Tremere comes in the shape of the Pestilence and a visit
of Tremere Justicar Karl Schreckt in Berlin. Breidenstein sends a formal letter of apol-

ogy to Vienna, tied to a stake in Schreckt's heart
1618-48; The Tremere and >Ventrue put their differences aside to fight the > Brujah, the
Toreador and the ~+Sabbat together; after the war, the old enmity flares up again.
1740: The Prussian army, advances onto Austrian territory; the Toreador come to their
Bayarian allies' aid'so the troops cannot conquer Viennaj Breidenstein accuses the
»Tremere of treachery.
Napoleon's armies occhpy'Bétlin as revenge for thedestruction of three -* Toreador
who had dared to doubt Breidenstein's talent as atyartist; Breidenstein-apologizes by
destroying three of his own childern.

: Wilhelm >Waldburg, one of Breidenstein's childet, makes: name for himself by
thwarting >anarch and --Sabbat plots; afterward, he plots Breidenstein's downfall
behind the scenes.

© Baron Samedi: 1. Caribbean voodoo de-
ity; lord of all undertakers, king of the cem-
eteries and collector of all crosses. — 2. The
mysterious leader and founder of the ->Samedi
bloodline.

© Barrens: The areas of a city that lack life
—cemeteries, industrial wastelands and aban-
doned urban blight

© Bauer, Ingrid: Grand Inquisitor of the >In-
quisition. Successor of Monsignore Amelio

Carpaccio. Controversial. Her election will
cost the Society of Leopold dearly. Her first
official act was to lift the ban of 212 method
of torture that had been forbidden before,
among them the fire torture and one involv-
ing molten lead. Former Austrian provincial
of the Inquisition. Nickname: "Iron Maiden."
Driving force behind recent napalm attacks
on ~>Kindred havens.

© Beast: 1. Follower of the -»Path of the Fi ¢ Beckett: An aura of mystery surrounds
ral Heart. — 2. The inchoate instincts and _ the >vampire known as B., a Seventh Gen-
urges that push a Kindred to becomeamon- ration *Gangrel. B. often claims to be a
ster, personified. childe of yours truly, which I have to refute

as a falsehood in spite of our close relation-

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

30


1914: Together with some other European
fellowKindred in a new twist of the
world has never seen before,

/entrue, Breidenstein involves many of his
»Jyhad: a mortal war the likes of which the

1918: With the end of WW I, Breidenstein loses influence in Berlin; nominally, hetemains
»prince, but at times he is little morethan a pawn-of Waldburg, who establishes a

council of »>primogen,

1933: Gustav Breidensteinusés Hitler's seizure of power to overthrow Waldburg and depose
the ~primogen.

1940; Breidenstein meets Hitler and nourishes his megalomania

1945: -Lupines invade the domain;
have fallen into -totpor.

many Berlin Kindred are destroyed during the war or

1948: The Soviet representatives with ties to the =>Brujah cut off the allied sectors of the city
from all supply routes; they decide to. give'Germany the gift of Communism:

1949: GDR (German Democratic Republic, or East Germany) founded. Breidenstein allies
himself with the -»Brujah, who force him into a blood bond; the Brujah antitribu
Dieter Kotlar founds the Last Reich, a group of Neo-Nazi Cainites; Waldburg returns,
seizes power in West Berlin and establishes a new >primogen

1961; The >Brujah and Gustav Breidenstein support the construction of the Berlin Wall.
One of the reasons is to disrupt the Nosferatu's information flow; the *Tremere grant
Waldburg 2 favor and place powerful wards on the wall,

1989; By, cleverly brokering information, the Nosferatu manage to incite the East Berlin
kine to a nonviolent revolution leading to the fall of the GDR.

1990:—*Baba Yaga rises from torpor; many Berlin ~rBrujah disappear; Breidenstein reverses
position and supports the tearing down of the wall

1997: The->blood curse ravages the city and destroys more than half of its~-*Kindred population,
among them Breidenstein; Wilhelm Waldburg survives amattack by fire by the Last
Reich, politically stronger than ever, and is now Prince of the reunified Berlin.

ship. Visionary who can keep up with any

>Malkavian. Time of Embrace and ~sire
unknown. Ours is a mentor-protégé rela-
tionship.

Atany rate, B. surpasses even Anatole and
Lucita (see her biography in Appendix II)
in his feverish quest for historical documents
on the "Kindred state." Recently, B. has
stirred up some unrest in the vampiric soci-
ety when he claimed the ->Book of Nod could
not be taken literally but was only an alle-
gory and a fable.

B., whoseems to be permanently on the road,
rarely stays in one place for a long time. He
is gripped by wanderlust, and his thirst for
knowledge drives him on. B. feels a deep pas-
sion for unraveling the secrets of -*Cainite
history and has proven that hed do almost
anything to find some answers.

* Become one: A term the -*Clan of the
Hunt uses for the advancement on the
*Path of Blood, until the power of the
paths followers equals Haqim~>s own —
in brief, attaining the exalted state of their

progenitor through Amaranth or similar

means.

¢ Belisar: »Ventrue; the greatest general un-
der the Byzantine emperor Justinian. B. is
*Embraced by -*Antonius one year after
Justinian~s death. B.-s military genius aids
in supporting the empire for a long time after
his "death," but he cannot stop the destruc-
tion of +Constantinople. Nevertheless, B. is
one of its few survivors. After the citys fall,
he wanders far to the East and disappears,
though rumor has it B. has joined the
>Inconnu.

¢ Bell, Theo: Ninth Generation ~Brujah;
*1825, #1857. ~Archon of Clan >Brujah.
B. is among the ~Kindred forming the first
line of +Camarilla defense in times of crisis
and has earned the reputation for being mer-
ciless and cruel. Ironically, this demon of re-
venge, the first jailer of the Camarilla, is no
stranger to chains himself

B. was born into slavery as Theophilus, a son
of lowly slaves in Mississippi; at the age of five,
his family was separated

ENcYcLOpaDIA VAMPYRICA

31


When talking abou the Blac
the aon defunct Manus Higrum wil

the elite hoops' of the Sabb

between

ten. J
to be

sally if the latler might lis
am cxdlaia they sould nol

alled sersants of the Enci

B. stayed with his mother and sisters, beauti-
ful women with whom he was sold to the plan-
tation of a white man called Bell. His mother
soon died of a venereal disease Bell had in-
fected her with. Theophilus fled the planta-
tion and with his bare hands strangled one of
the hounds chasing him. Without success, he
searched for his father. One night a stranger
— Don Cerro — attacked and Embraced
him. That night Theo, as Cerro called him,
kissed the sun goodbye and learned the se-
crets of his new race and of the great thirst. B.
returned to the plantation, killed his former
master and burned down his house. In the
following years and during the Civil War, Don
Cerro educated his childe, who now called
himself Theo Bell as a caution never to for-
get his slavery. Cerro taught him reading, his-
tory, philosophy and everything he needed to
know about the Kindred. After the war both
went to Europe, where a whole new nightly
world opened to the eyes of the fledgling. In
the 20th century, an equally turbulent time
for Kindred and kine, B. returned to the
USS. In the -*50s, the Inner Circle made
B.>s >justicar to infiltrate the civil
tights movement and thus beat the ~anarchs
on their home turf. Shortly thereafter, B. be-
came an archon. In the summer of 1999, he
proved to be a cornerstone of the Camarilla
while fighting the -»Sabbat on the U.S. East
Coast

»sire

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

32

© Benandanti: Some older members of the

>Black Hand tell of mortals known under
this name who can leave their body to travel
to the Underworld. Some say that once, a
long, long time ago, some of them walked
the streets of -*Enoch and secretly studied
the libraries of the -Tal->mahe~>Ra.

© Benezri, Alfred: Member of the >Sabbat,

»Archbishop of Montreal. One of the
clanless (-Panders). Member of one of the
packs in Montreal, the Shepherds. Helped
shape the modern ~Sabbat Inquisition.
Even before the crisis caused by the

>infernalist Sangris, B. was an active mem-
ber of the Inquisition (judge from 1964 to
1981, Knight of the Inquisition from 1981
to 1993). B. originally hails from Damascus
and became a ->Cainite in the second half
of the 18th century.

© Berlin: Capital of reunified Germany with
more than 4 million mortal inhabitants. Our
timeline (see the sidebar) should enable our
esteemed readers to get an overview of the
sometimes turbulent events of this domain.

¢ Berserker Teeth: These 4-inch-long teeth
are among the non-unique mystical artifacts.
Rumor has it they are Lupine teeth, but
they are too long for that. There can be no
doubt that these teeth are powerful weap-
ons at their owners disposal.


If its owner holds the tooth in his hand and
invests some of his vitae into it, it raises his
combat abilities and causes terrible wounds.
For the duration of the combat, though, it
keeps drawing vitae from its holder to fuel
its mystical powers: The use of the tooth hurls
its user into a berserker frenzy that makes

him attack in a blind rage. As long as he
possesses the tooth he will neither parry nor
dodge, but only try to hurt his opponent

»Michael, >Mi-ka-il

* Biashira, Mbogo: Gangrel; the warrior, in
life follower of Jomo Kenyatta~s dreams of
freedom, was chosen and Embraced by an
ancient member of the ->Clan of the Beast.
Mbepo fetmded the=+Nyayo and is'a power:
ful member of the Sixth Generation in spite
of his relative youth.

* Beshter:

* Biltmore, William: Sixth Generation

>Malkavian; *Wales 1614, #1642. B. was
court bard of the Welsh nobility at the age
of 25. B. led a good life for some time, until
his stories took on a darker hue. Fanciful tales
of knights and fairies were replaced by ter-
tible stories of death, decay and creatures of
the night.

Tales of vampires and their nightly hunts
haunted his mind, and his dreams were full
of disturbing scenes in which secret societ-
ies of vampires ruled mankind from the shad-
ows. When he used his dreams for his stories

and songs, the Welsh nobility reacted first
with repulsion, then with doubts and finally
with fear. B. was accused of witchcraft and
tried to flee to the European mainland, where
he was recognized and captured by a mob of
enraged farmers. A mysterious Frenchman
called Antoine +LeFanu enabled him to flee.
Later, B. roamed France and continued tell-
ing his grim vampire tales that contained
terms like "Ventré," "Brouja" and
"Tureaudier." Before someone could take the
crazed bard seriously, LeFanu Embraced
him, and for more than 100 years, the two

>Cainites traveled Europe as wanderers and
adventurers and planned the conquest of
Wales. In 1747, they returned to Great Brit-
ain, and after slowly fostering madness in cer-
tain lines of the nobility for over 100 years
and wrenching power from the + Ventrue, B.
declared himself Prince of Cardiff in the 19th
century. After his expulsion, he fled to Zurich,
where he met -*Pendragon and took an in-
stant dislike to him. Shortly afterward, a
strange ->Nosferatu named Warwick reached
Zurich and persuaded both to support him in
his Operation Longbow. This led to B. and
his brood landing in Boston in 1895, accom-
panied by Warwick and Pendragon. There, he
still is the power behind the albeit crumbling
throne of Prince Quentin King IIL.

¢ Bishop: —-Sabbat title. Similar titles: Dea-
con, High Mother or Father. Form of address:
his (her) excellency. One hierarchical level
below -rarchbishop. Responsible for a city.
Cities without an archbishop are often over-
seen by a council of three to five B.s. The
weakness of this leadership model lies in its
potential for conflict. Thus, a council of B.s
answers to the cardinal to whom it is subor-
dinate. If necessary, the cardinal can restore
order by force. The B.s are responsible for
government, management and spiritual
growth of the ~Cainite inhabitants of their
cities. Most B.s were pack priests before and
have been brought into their new position by
their pack mates. But there are also B.s from
among the >Ducti. Unlike an archbishop~s,
a B.s power is based more on diplomacy than
on force. The infighting within a council of
B.s without the leading hand of an archbishop
reminds some ~Kindred of the intrigues of a
»Camarilla >primogen.

* Bistri, Cardinal Radu: Seventh Genera-
tion > Tzimisce; *Bistritz 1100, #Bistritz 1125.
Radu~s family had served the Transylvanian

ExcycLopaepiA VAMPYRICA

33

OU.ae Fo he pulles §

chant eon
Stunt With the blood curse, O
Ms inmate,

n o
think the messial attitu isin

Gas been exhibiting of
% <bioiting ebee since ig
more than strange. . ,


Both times, my clan was
instrumental lo the creation
process... Sthink we can take fo
granted thal this part of our
research has been terminated
once and forall. Please note also

imy remarks on Gargoyles

No warrep if you pur rt my
MOPERN WORDS OR NOT... A Blood
OATH IS A opie Acar the
Basic Weas oF PERSONAL Freedom

OF any Knopeo. Oxcy AlL who
Rely on rt!

J can ont
Albertus
TD knoty
About,

Y Agree with master
sss And believe me,
vhat J am tatking

Ghats wel and fine +
Do they want to help other
Hhendred to ascend Luut
when S lock at the "nar
Frac State s cunront
condllion, J am fuclly sare
hal to think of lhese
monstor vampires with the
all their crionted myslic ado.

mort, not less.

Tzimisce since the Dacian nights. As a young
mortal, B. already warned that Transylvania
would one day become a Christian kings fief
and be more severely oppressed than the

»Fiends had ever planned. That was a bold
statement — not only because it made the

>clan>s efforts look bad but also because
B.s master was no true Romanian. B. be-
came ambassador to the West; his job was to
build diplomatic relationships and secretly
gather information. After the >Embrace, the
arrogant Hungarians who were impressed by
his political style supported him as Prince of
Bistritz. There, B. established good relation-
ships with >Cainites from other clans right
from the beginning and regularly met with the
princes of other domains. With them, he
founded the Council of Ashes, a sort of infor-
mal organization of Transylvanian rulers, but
after a few decades, it fell apart. He became a
trusted ally of Vlad Tepes. After the -*Con-
vention of Thorns, the princes of the sur-
rounding Camarilla domains regretfully but
emphatically broke up with B., who was a
founding member of the ->Sabbat. B. fled to
the New World with his clanmates and be-
came ~cardinal there. One of the undersigned
of the Purchase Pact.

* Black Angels: A —coterie within the
>Lasombra. The B. propagate the -Path of
Night to causes dissent among the ranks of
their own >clan. —Angellis ater.

Excyctopsepia VAMpyRICA

34

Black Citadel: Fortress in->Enoch located
behind formidable walls of black marble. In
these walls was set a great bronze gate that
reputedly displayed -*Caine~s own seal. In-
side the walls lay the ruins of the re-created

>First City. The most notable location
within the B. included the large, black and
red Temple of Lilith, the Catacombs of
the Antediluvians and the —Pool of Zillah.
Since Enoch was destroyed recently by un-
known forces, we may never know if the

»Tal-+mahe~Ra fell victim to a ruse of epic
proportions or if they had truly found the
birthplace of our kind.

¢ Black Gloves: Magic artifact of unknown
origin. The B. allow their wearer to extend
black metal claws that inflict horrible
wounds upon his opponents. The B. are
highly effective, as 1 had the dubious honor
of experiencing for myself.

¢ Black Hand: 1. Military unit of the

»Sabbat. This effective strike force prima-
rily consists of +Assamite antitribu, >Brujah
antitribu, ~Gangrel antitribu and more re-
cently -Salubri antitribu. Similar to a secret
police, the B. is feared throughout the whole
sect. Its four leaders are called the -Sera-
phim. — 2. A modern name for the dis-
banded secret

>Tal>mahe~>Ra.

* Blood: Vitae. The life-giving fluid of
men and other animals; circulates in a closed
organic system, moved by the heart as a
motor; functions: transport of oxygen, car-
bon dioxide, nutrients, waste products and
active substances. ~»Cainite vitae transports
the heritage of a person and is what makes a

>Kindred a Kindred.

* Blood bag: A minor artifact used to pre-
serve precious vitae. Some younger ~Kin-
dred think that B.s have become obsolete
since the invention of the fridge, but older
»Cainites still consider them very useful. In
these containers, usually made of animal
entrails, a considerable amount of blood
can be kept fresh for more than a month.

* Blood bond:

* Blood Brothers: Aka Frankensteins;
*bloodline within the ~-Sabbat. Estimated
to have been created in the 19th century by
a group of European ->Tremere antitribu and
»Tzimisce. The B. consist of small groups
(circles) whose members are mystically in-

organization

Blood oath.


terconnected. They share their perceptions
and thoughts, but also their bodies. To this
end, they wield a special Discipline (*San-
guinis). The members of such a group are
metaphysically linked upon creation. As an
aberrant result, they try to look as similar as
possible. Thus, many members shave their
heads or have certain group symbols tattooed
before the ~Embrace. B. cannot Embrace
themselves. Because of the destruction of the
Tremere antitribu, | suspect little chance of
creating new B., especially since important
information was lost in the Los Angeles
Massacre in 1966, also called Angelo~'s fall,
which has not been fully explained. B. are
useful when it comes to executing compli-
cated war strategies since they do not lose
contact to the other members of their circle
even over long distances. Additionally, they
show an immense loyalty toward superiors.
However, they sometimes are not very at-
tentive to their surroundings and possess no
empathy for complex situations. Therefore,
they are not suitable as leaders. B. are tools.

® Blood cults: The concept of B. dates back
to the *First City; they seem to always have
been around. The idea is simple: A -Kin-
dred demonstrates some of his or her powers
to mortals or lets them partake in (usually
false) mythic knowledge that makes the
mortals something like "chosen ones" in their
lown eyes. The Kindred acts as a god, guru or
the like in this, but always functions as a spiri-
tual mentor and gives his blood to the cho-
Sen ones. The reasons to do so are as simple
as the idea itself. B. are a convenient method
by which a Kindred can attain vitae and
gather loyal followers, not to mention the
material wealth and the possibilities to in-
fluence mortal society through servile and
trusting mortals. Numerous gods of antiquity
were represented by —>Cainites in the first
cities. The Inquisition and the -*Masquer-
ade largely put a stop to this line of action
—which isnot to say that these nights, there
arenoB. They simply operate clandestinely.
The ~Camarilla has made it clear that the
patronage of a B. equals an effort to violate
the Masquerade, and it is forbidden to inter-
act with mortals in such a manner.

* Blood curse: Mysterious plague that
plunged numerous -*Kindred into madness
before destroying them in 1997-99. Espe-
cially ravaged —Berlin and Atlanta, Geor-

gia. Its results can be compared only to the
great plague epidemics of the Dark Ages. A
possible vector was a virus artificially bred by
the -Sabbat. Conquered in a way as yet un-
known by Owain ap Ieuan.

* Blood dolls: Mortals offering their >vitae

freely to a Kindred. Most B. feel a twisted

pleasure in the Kiss and actively look for
>»Cainites wanting to drink their vitae.

* Blood feast: One of the most important

»auctoritas ritae of the --Sabbat. Part of most
sect assemblies. Is additionally held as a rite
in itself in some cities. Serves to nourish the

»Cainites and to celebrate the Sabbat as the
eternal predator. A B. starts one night prior
to the assembly with a hunting of the >ves-
sels. The prey is offered to the highest-rank-
ing Sabbat present. As a ritual show of grati-
tude for the sacrifice to the community, every
hunter receives a kiss on the forehead. The
vessels are prepared for the next night by ty-
ing their hands and feet and hanging them at
a convenient level or nailing/tying them to
suspension devices. When the B. begins the
next night, the highest-ranking official per-
forms the required ritual blessing in which the
vessels blood is dedicated to the Sabbat.
Thus, the vitae transubstantiates and is
mystically strengthened. This effect lasts un-
til the third night after the B. if the vitae is
not called upon before then. After conclud-
ing the ritual, the performing dignitary has
the first choice among the vessels and_par-
takes of the first draught of vitae of the night.
Afterward, all Sabbat present may drink from
the vessels, as much and in whatever manner
they want. Sometimes, orgiastic excesses en-
sue, but this is frowned upon by the dignitar-
ies because they tend to raise unwanted at-
tention.

* Blood hunt: The archaic law "an eye for
an eye, a tooth for a tooth" also applies for

»Kindred. The system is very simple: Who-
ever violates the customs in place is destroyed.
Whoever violates the Traditions and thus
angers his ~elders is hunted down and de-
stroyed by all those who heed the sacred call.
This credo for a "just retribution" is formally
called "Lextalionis," but the term B. is more
widely known.

The B. can be called only by the oldest
»Cainite of a city; almost universally, this is
the prince.

Excycropaepia VAMPYRICA

35

You don't have to he brave
to participate in A war
party, though.


a Sprms of pata for

Catfage am en
covxistenge v indeed ars
mortals aside, fers not forget
t it Cas the Daali,
cn and Detites Wha

shaped the Sesting 5 Mo 5
cit ogee a
Boifl. A & nigh
Ghen Ge Sestroped Carthage.

All those who support the hunted or even
help them directly may become the target of
a B, themselves, which is an unpleasant dis-
tinction. In the case of very serious crimes, a
prince can even declare that all >Kindred in
his domain must join the B.

The hunters spread over the city like a drag-
net to ferret out the condemned. As with all
events of Cainite society, keeping the >Mas-
querade is the top priority. Mortals rarely no-
tice something special going on around them.
Nevertheless, the hunters bring to bear all
their influence in the mortal world to keep
their prey from fleeing. Some princes even
especially hire --Assamites for the B., the
bloodhounds among the Cainites that no one
can escape.

In the last decade, more B.s were called than
in the five centuries before, though the Clan
of Kings claims that no B. is called without a
sound reason. The -*Camarilla reserves the
right to audit princes decisions in —*con-
claves, and more than once, the threat to call
a conclave sufficed to stop the calling of a B.
Tradition rules that the B, on a person can-
not be cancelled once called. Of course, the
prey can try to find shelter in another domain,
but even if the reins of power in their old
home change hands, the hunted can never
return. In the case of serious crimes, the B.
can even be called in several cities at once.

>Vinculum
>Auctoritas ritae. > Vin-

* Blood tie: A modern word for
that is rarely used.
culum.

* Bloodline: The emergence of the B. is a
mystery no one has ever managed to solve in
auniversal sense. The sheer number of smaller
B.s, the sometimes completely different his-
tories — if any are known at all — and the
strange powers their members demonstrate
make this endeavor less than simple. Just
when you think you have found a theory, you
hear from three additional B.s that exist some-
where on the planet and do not fit into your
original thesis at all.

Generally, it can be said thata B. cannot trace
back its lineage to an ~Antediluvian. For
some, this is not entirely true, but all B.s dif-
fer so strongly in their philosophies and pow-
ers from their potential parent clan that
they are not part of it anymore, either because
they were cast out or because they want it that
way. The main criterion to discern a B. from

ENc¥CLOpaDIA VAMpyRICA

a clan is, as I said, that the former cannot
trace back its lineage to an Antediluvian.
Maybe numbers play a role here, too, for in
comparison to the great clans, B.s have ter-
tibly few members, most of them under 100
worldwide. Roughly, we can discern two ways
a B, can emerge. The first and more com-
mon is that a mortal who already had ex-
traordinary abilities or powers in life is >Em-
braced. Now, if this mortals philosophy dif-
fers vastly from his ~sires and he decides
to go his own way, it is possible that he de-
velops different powers due to his conditions
of life, his convictions or his faith. If he can
pass on these powers to his progeny via the
Embrace now, we witness the birth of a new
B. with unique potentials and ideas. These
different abilities do not have to be devel-
oped and cultivated by the >Cainite him-
self — this has only rarely been the case. It
occurs more and more often that other su-
pernatural beings teach the Cainite or even
a whole group. These other supernatural be-
ings can be anything with powers and prin-
ciples that differ from ours. Demons, gods,
ghosts, mages and sometimes even
shapechangers have inspired B.s The second,
much rarer possibility for the emergence of
a B. is the "artificial" one. To my knowledge,
this has happened only twice, and in both
cases, undead servants who would lose their
unlives for their creators in the front line in
any battle were the goal. Elaborate arcane
rituals created new Cainites with their own
powers from ingredients the exact nature of
which I really dont want to know.

Finally, let me name the more common B.s
that are described in their own entries in this
book: ~>Baali, Blood Brothers, -*Daugh-
ters of Cacophony, Gargoyles, ~locastians,
»Kiasyd, +Laibon, >Lamia, ~Lhiannan,
»Mnemosyne, Nagaraja, -*Samedi.

* Blood oath: Archaic word for the most
powerful bond possible between —Kindred.
It is created by drinking another Kindred-*s

>blood thrice; the receiving of blood is the
acknowledgment of the others supremacy.
The modern term for this is ~blood bond.
The B. is an intense but artificial emotional
regard for the regnant by the thrall. It is not
unlike love, and also suffers the occasional
bitterness or turbulence that true love ex-
hibits.


© Bodhisattva: -Kuei-jin term for a vam-
pire who has almost reached -*Dah but pre-
fers to renounce transcendence and help
other vampires advance.

* Bollingbroke, Patricia of: >Ty|

* Bonifatius: Seventh Generation >Brujah;
*>Rome 410, #Jerusalem 462. Son of a
prominent Roman senatorial family. Was
given to the Christian clerics by his widowed
mother when the Goths conquered Rome.
Under the monks~ tutelage, B. learned to
tead and write, work mathematics and un-
derstand Greek. Was sent to the council of
Chalcedony in Asia Minor by Pope Leo in
451, where he was very successful. There, he
got to know ~Etheria, who praised his words
at the council and promised him a clerical
career. B. believed her. But both of them had
overestimated how far a Latin could come
within the church. Desperate because of sev-
eral obstacles in his career, he allowed
Etheria to Embrace him. In 800, B. re-
turned to Jerusalem. After the First Crusade,
B. settled down below the Hospitalers>
quarters. He put the four Christian hospitals
under his protection and forbid everyone to

in torpor beneath Jerusalem.

© Book of Nod: By popular account, this leg-
endary, lost work recorded the primal his-
tory of the ~Kindred. Unfortunately, the
>Camarilla that I am close to myself dis-

misses much of it as legends of the undead. }
The B. has its name from that land east of

Eden to which >Caine first traveled and is
the chronicle of the tumultuous birth of the

»clans and of the origins of the +Jyhad. One
of the most complete versions of the B. was
supposedly compiled, commented, critically
annotated and adorned with all available
works of art from all over the world that had
to do with its subject by yours truly with the
help of the ~>Gangrel Beckett, the

»Malkavian Anatole and my revered col-
league ->Lucita (see her biography in Ap-
pendix II). Actually, it was penned by the
Jocastian ~Aiysha in an unjustified use of my
name that sounds well in the so-called "sci-
entific community.

The B. consists of three chronicles, the

Chronicle of Caine, the Chronicle of
Shadows and finally the Chronicle of Se-
crets. The Chronicle of Caine, probably the
oldest part of the B., apparently dates from a
time shortly before the Sumerian Empire,
around 4500 B.C. The later text fragments
are mostly in Latin, but parts of them are also
cuneiform, Aramaic and (in small parts) trans-
lated into medieval German.
The B. surely doesn->t answer each and ev-
ery question on the Kindred nature and our
progenitor Caine, the Dark Father. But it is
no doubt by far the most authentic document
onan ~Antediluvian culture that dates back
to Caine himself, who — according to the B.
— originally was a simple farmer. | assume that
at least some verses still contain the original
phrasing of the words of our Dark Father, for
example, the much-debated verse "Caines
Law and Punishment" in the Chronicle of
Shadows. I think the often-quoted "Words of

the Clan Chiefs," conveying words by
»Brujah, >Ennoia, ->Malkav, ->Absimiliard,

»Arikel, >Veddharta and
authentic. (See +Nod.)

»Saulot, are as

* Book of the Empty Heart: Collection of

letters published in the 14th century by the
*True Brujah >Rathmonicus; basis of the
»Path of the Scorched Heart.

© Boukephos: Fourth Generation member of
the Clan of Night. Greek philosopher and
historian of the clan who often made speeches
in the Eternal Senate. B., Montano and

>Lasombra himself were considered the only
true masters of the Discipline

»Obtenebration. B. was reported destroyed

EncycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

37


in the Camarilla-Sabbat conflict on the U.
East Coast in the summer of 1999.

* Bowesley, Anne: Member of the -*Clan of
Kings; better known as Lady Anne, Queen of
London. She chose this title because she dis-
liked the patriarchal term "prince." She was
»Embraced in 1688 by ->Valerius, Prince
Aithras*s seneschal, in recognition of the
xcellent ability to plan and execute politi-
cal maneuvers she had displayed in her mor
tal life. In undead society, this ability re-
mained, and together with Mithras she culti-
vated sway in the British Parliament for over
two centuries until he disappeared in an in-
ferno of German bombs in 1941. Anne be-
came Lady Anne and was able to prevail
against Tremere opposition and —anarch
uprisings. In these conflicts, she not only pre-
vailed, but also secured her position as the
most influential Kindred of the British Isles.
These nights, her grip on her domain is harder
and more secure than ever before.

¢ Bratovitch: One of the ~Sabbat

»revenant families. Ghouls especially
adept at hunting. As with all revenants, the
drinking of vitae over generations has twisted
their minds. Additionally, to the usual per-
versions like drug consumption, rape, incest
and sodomy, this shows in the urge to better
the own self that is expressed in excessive
body modifications (and by the

>Tzimisce+s Vicissitude). Amazingly

NC¥CLOPAEDIA VAMPYRICA

38

enough, they still have moral codes, even
if they are sometimes as deviant as the B.
themselves. The B. distinguish themselves.
by a complete lack of social graces, which
is why they are employed only in emergency
situations. Their irritability and their pen-
chant for frenzy reminding of the uncon-
trolled members of Clan Brujah are espe-
cially problematic for efforts in populated
areas. On the other hand, they lack not only
scruples, but also fear: the family reportedly
pursues the dangerous sport of hunting
>Lupines

Brave: A participant of a —>war party.

av: Fifth Generation
»Amaranth, commit-
ted on his sire, Ilse -Reinegger, in 1312);
*Belitz 1192, #Belitz 1220. Sire of Wilhelm

»Waldburg (1440), Katarina >Kornfeld
(1507) and Peter Kleist (1757). In 1575, B.
destroyed a Tremere who had visited the
domain of Berlin, where B. was prince at the
time, because the visitor had introduced him-
self too late. In 1810, B. destroyed three of
his own childer to make amends to Clan
> Toreador. Torn between growing animos-
ity between several clans on one hand and
the conviction that most clans didnt ad-
here to the laws of the >Camarilla as strictly
as the Ventrue on the other, B. and his allies
persuaded the Ventrue princes in 1914 that
the time had come to prove the Ventrue~s
might once and for all. The tensions between
the kines countries had been strong be-

¢ Breidenstein, Gus'
>Ventrue (through


fore, but B. and his ilk thought it was time
to show Clan Toreador for what it was —a
clan of power-hungry usurpers. Thus, he was
a behind-the-scenes proponent of WW I.

* Brood: —>Progeny.

* Brothers and sisters: -Sabbat term for
"all »Cainites" (Kindred),

¢ Bruce, Dylan: Member of the Clan of
Kings; although B. is still young — he hails
from the first half of the 20th century —al-
most no ~>Ventrue is more corrupt. He is,
indeed, antitribu and attained noteworthy
power in a short time. His career started in
London in WW II. There, he was -Em-

braced by >Gotsdam, although some claim
his sire to be Lady Anne ~Bowesley her-
self. After the war, everything went relatively
quiet until he started acting as an assassin of

the -*Sabbat~>s Black Hand in the 1990s.

Sibrdjah: 12 Many false things have been
said about Clan Brujah, and regrettably,
many of the fledglings of our nights have lost
the old ways of the clan. In ancient times,
the B. stood for gallantry and ideals. Tonight,
most young >Kindred of this clan exist only
for violence — violence for its own sake,
without any sense or meaning. Where the

B. used to fight for a peaceful coexistence of ;
Kindred and mortals, tonight they use the

»kine as simple tools like many other clans
do. Gone is the glory of Carthage, the dream
that was raped by the > Ventrue and their jeal-
ous allies. Some elder B. remember very well
those nights of terror and are far from forgiv-
ing and forgetting. But in spite of their hot
blood, the B. were able to recognize how im-
portant it was for the Kindred to take care
together that the existence of our kind be-
came a well-guarded secret again after the
Inquisition. In spite of the ~Camarilla~s
grand achievements, many B. doubt this in-
stitution we have helped to shape these nights.
More of our heritage erodes with each pass-
ing night. It was we who taught the Kindred
world the worth of debates; it was we who
enabled free thinkers to realize their ideas. In
the modern nights, most of the other clans
consider us simple brutes and thugs, but they
are wrong. For even if at the moment we
dont manage to maintain our own traditions
all too well, were still B. Long before there
was a ~>Sabbat, we broke the yoke of serfdom

and chose our own path. — 2. Assumed name
of the founder of Clan B. It is not even known
if B. was a man or a woman. Many claim he

or she was a childe of rad. It can be taken
for granted that B. must have possessed quite
some charisma and power of persuasion but,
on the other hand, must have used manipu-
lation to scheme against the other members
of the Third Generation and oppress his own
progeny. Only due to brave ~Troile the B.
managed to break the chains that bound them
to B. Many interpret his deed as parricide, but
some B. celebrate him as their greatest lib-
erator. According to unconfirmed rumors,
there are some progeny of B. still in existence,
calling themselves the True B.

¢ Brunhild: Sixth Generation member of the

»Clan of the Beast; B. is the leader of the
feared and bloodthirsty >Valkyries of
Scandinavia. Her origins and age are un-
known, but in recent decades, she has caused
more than enough irritation by leading the
Valkyries and the -ranarchs together into a
bloody war against the --princes of all
Scandinavia. The climax of their terror so far
has probably been the assassination of the
Swedish prime minister Olof Palme in 1986.
Later on, they put the blame for this deed on
the U.S. Secret Service. Strangely enough, the

ENcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA


region~s princes do not act against her; refer
to the fact that they have concrete proof
against her and claim to have everything un-
der control in their domains. Theres noth-
ing to add to this. Time will tell if they are
right.

* Bulscu: Sixth Generation ~Ventrue;
*Hungary 906, #955. B., who is considered a
hedonistic genius in the ranks of his own clan,

PEPE. >>)
Re? Screg

EncycLopaepia VAMpYRICA

40

is adored for his heroism by some Kindred
and despised for his cowardice by others. In
life, B. was a charismatic chief who led his
Hungarian armies to war against their en-
emies in the north. He became a ghoul of
the ~Brujah, who gave him strategic sup-
port, but Heinrich >von Volstag, a German
Ventrue, had something in mind for him. B.
staked his mentor and delivered him to the
Ventrue. The Hungarian armies marched on
without him. B. was ~Embraced by von
Volstag, moved into Castle Buda and as-
sumed leadership of the mortal noble house
of the Arpads (Arpad Ventrue). Unfortu-
nately, B. was not only power hungry, but
also had developed other cravings. He im-
bibed dangerous substances and celebrated
orgies of +blood and After his initial
betrayal of the Brujah, B. additionally sired
childer. The first two, Zombar and Geza
Arpad, were failures. B.s third childe does
not belong to the Arpad family but strangely
is his most loyal one — Vencel >Rikard was
a Bavarian knight in life and is a devoted
childe in undeath. By 1100, B.~s humanity
waned. His second childe, Geza, dragged him
continually deeper into the swamp of sub-
stance abuse. The lion of the Ventrue had
become tame, tired and awkward and was
content with carnal pleasures. His nights of
conquest were gone, but he developed a re-
sistance against the intoxicating substance
By 1200, B. had lost any influence and sank
into torpor of his own accord. By 1500, he
woke up "clean" and undertook a campaign
of revenge in which he finally disappeared
from sight.

¢ Burning Times: A term Kindred use to
refer to the prominence of the Inquisition
in Europe. First introduced by Aisling
Sturbridge (see her biography in Appen-

dix II).

* Byzantium: Constantinople.

¢ Byzar: Fourth Generation member of the

»Clan of Death. According to >*Cainite leg-
ends this Methuselah led a small band of fol-
lowers from the Greek city of Megara toa
promised land on the Bosporus and thus
founded the colony of Byzantium in ca. 600
B.C. However, he vanished centuries before
the arrival of the >Trinity (1), and his fate
is unknown.


* Café Zanzibar: A "training post" for young
*Tremere in Zanzibar managed by Noelle
>Cameron.

® Caias: -Cappadocian; probably the
second childe of the Antediluvian him-
self. As his rsire's loyal childe he was sent
to censure Lazarus but was destroyed in
the encounter.

®* Caine: The "father of all -*Kindred," the
Dark Father, is more myth than reality in
the Final Nights. Skeptical Kindred note a
remarkable lapse in the myth of C.: if C.'s
first childer Enoch, ~Zillah and >Irad
were the Second Generation and thus two
steps removed from him, who formed the
First Generation — if it even existed?

* Cainite: 1. -Sabbat term for the ~Kin-
dred belonging to it (in memory of their com-
mon Dark Father +Caine). — 2. Member
of a vampiric sect denounced as heretic and
blasphemous ‘by the Christian church with
origins ina cell of Gnostic Kindred's meeting
in the Greek city of Corinth in 74 A.D. Its
tenets are largely the same as those of the
human ~Cathari (1).

© Caitiff: Clanless vampire; sometimes de-
rogatory.

* Caius: 1. > Ventrue, one of the founders of
»Aix-la-Chapelle. His diplomatic skills saved
Rome many a skirmish. — 2. Ventrue; childe
of ~Antonius. ~Michael's dream for
»Constantinople was so important to him
that he couldn't tolerate his ~sire's schemes
against the -Dracon. During the Iconoc
movement he conspires against him, stakes
him and leaves him to the morning sun. Af-
terward, C. leads the Clan of Kingship in
Constantinople until his destruction.

Calida: Fifth Generation
*Phoenicia 260, #284. Only
beauty surpasses hers.

> Toreador.
»Helena's

When C. grew up, princes, lords and kings
vied for her. She was a sacred virgin of Apollo.
Then, Apollo (or rather a Toreador in the
god's guise) came and ended her virgin state.
On the altar of Aphrodite's temple, she ex-
changed virginity for immortality. Together

> et Sa

ENc¥cLopsepia VAMpYRICA

41

iy clan, tf,

he Q,
avila an},

sample What

Gise it) Ftiouy

Fall elve fails, Become an
innkeeper, as they say... Thus

everyone finds his or her place

in house and clan.


Tfind it extremely outrageous fo
compare the extinction of a
respected clan by demonologists
fo a necessary crusade against an
ancient evil. Let me jus! mention

Carthage

For me, extinction means
getting to every member of
the respective group. If J
had made such stnpid
mistakes, TA have long since
stopped having contracts.

T have bouglt contain
iubommation brom lin aud
Team owls sax ghoxt on
wo ghoxt the ayarclan in
4 turctwontles contact

with Caius (1) she traveled to Aquis
Granum, which is called +Aix-la-Chapelle
tonight, and settled there. When Caius was
destroyed, his death threw C. into deep de-
spair. She left Aix-la-Chapelle and went into
the woods. There, she found Golconda. At
the same time, her mastery of the Discipline
of +Auspex expanded tremendously.

During the Renaissance, C. saw no sense in
spending all her time close to Aix-la-
Chapelle. She moved to Ireland, where she
still resides, mourning the death of all those
she loved. Her continued existence is the
object of much debate within the clan.

°< Caliphs) Supreme wavlonl sof the
Assamites. The C. is a member of the Du'at.
See Elijah, Achmed.

© Camarilla: The C. is a sect of Kindred
founded late at the close of the medieval pe-
tiod. Its main objective is keeping -*Caine's
Traditions, especially the Masquerade. It
was founded as a sort of "Kindred UN" to save
Kindred from the Inquisition. It tries to
maintain good terms between Kindred and

*kine and opposes the ->Sabbat, seeing it as
its direct enemy.

The C, calls itself the Kindred organization,
and this might be partly true. It is the largest
sect of undead. The C. claims to accept any
interested Kindred, no matter what ~>blood-
line he hails from, but the grand majority of
its members still belong to six of the seven
founder clans: ~Brujah, >Malkavian,

»Nosferatu, -*Toreador, -*Tremere and

>Ventrue. The -Gangrel, the seventh
founding clan, left the C. in 1999 at the in-
stigation of >> Xaviar. For the most part, how-
ever, the C. assumes that all Kindred are un-
der its protection, no matter what they think
about it.

The members of the seven clans listed above
founded the sect, and only they are regularly
represented in the >Inner Circle leading the
C. with one member each. Kindred from other
bloodlines can participate in >conclaves and
meetings, but often, their voices go unheard.
After the --Anarch Revolt, the C. opposed
the Sabbat, for it saw itself as the only means
to keep it at bay. The C. maintained the Mas-
querade and protected its members while the
Sabbat would sacrifice the traditions and all
things holy to fuel its paranoid dreams of

»Gehenna without thinking twice. Dissen-

ExcycLopepia VAMpYRICA

42

sion is luxury, and luxury is unaffordable in
times of war. The C. often believes that who-
ever is not with it is. against it.
Tonight, the C. is barely the monolith its
advocates claim it to be. ~Ancillae are
caught between the elders and the rebel-
lious neonates and can neither turn to the
older nor to the younger members; to cast
their lot with the neonates would mean re-
treating into areas of lesser power, while an
effort to cast their lot with the elders could
easily be mistaken for violating their do-
mains, and that would bring the elders down
on them hard. Many elders in the C.'s upper
echelons notice that they have become rel-
ics, undead anachronisms dreaming of for-
gotten nights long ago.

* Camden, Lord Thomas Beckett:
»Cappadocian; the lord was a good example
for the beneficial cooperation between the
»Clan of Death and the Ventrue. For cen-
turies, he served +Mithras, the -»Prince of
»London, as seneschal and trusted advisor,
In exchange for his services, he enjoyed in-
comparable luxury and a free reign in carry-
ing out his various experiments. He was a
leading expert on the Road of the Bones, a
philosophy similar to the Path of Death
and the Soul the >Sabbat practices tonight.
According to records, he was destroyed by
the Giovanni in the early 16th century.


* Cameron, Noelle: Sixth Generation
member of the +Clan of Warlocks; -Re-
gent of Zanzibar, the island that houses one
of the world's largest -chantries. C. owns
the Café Zanzibar, a sort of "training post"
for young > Tremere, and responds only to
councilor Elaine ->de Calinot.

* Camilla: Fifth Generation member of the

*Clan of Kings; probably the childe of the
female Methuselah -*Tinia. The most fa-
mous and greatest —Ventrue of his time;
even in these nights, members of the Clan
of Kings are proud to be able to trace their
lineage back to C. A few decades before the
First Punic War, he installed himself as pater
patriae, leader of the Eternal Senate and thus,
the Roman Empire. His negotiation skills,
his strategic, brave actions and his hard lead-
ership laid the foundation a worldwide em-
pire was based upon. Gaius Julius Caesar and
Augustus Pontifex Maximus are among the
mortals he advised. He established the Pax
Romana et Vampirica, a constitution like none
other before that enabled members of differ-
ent clans to coexist peacefully without hav-
ing to fear the +-Jyhad. This Kindred's only
character flaw was letting himself be revered
as Jupiter. C. is destroyed in the great con-
flagration of Rome in 64 A.D. Although ru-
mor has it the Toreador -Petronius was
tesponsible, it is very improbable that a mem-
ber of the Clan of the Rose who would
have been very young then could have de-
stroyed the most powerful —>Cainite politi-
cian of the time. Who or what was really be-
hind C.'s Final Death remains unknown.

cially the

* Canaille: The mortal herd, esp
most repugnant part of it that lacks all cul-

ture, the one most >Kindred feed from.

* Canonicus: Aka patriot; follower of the
Path of Honorable Accord, one of the
*Sabbat Paths of Enlightenment.

® Capone, Alphonse: -Ventrue; once the
most infamous criminal of -*Chicago; to-
night one of the pretenders for the city's
throne. In these nights, the capo and childe
of late >Lodin still has significant influence
in the criminal underworld.

Rare loeeia: Wier neonatea: aticillae
and even some ~*elders hear mention of the
~Clan of Death these nights, they think of
the Giovanni at once. But when | was
PPE eed probably noceven thescershad

the slightest idea that one night Augustus

»Giovanni would steal their clanship from
them, but still there was a Clan of Death. It
consisted of the progeny of the -*Antedilu-
vian ->Cappadocius who followed their
founder's example and studied death to attain
power over it. This hubris probably proved
their downfall, for it gave the members of the
Giovanni family reason to hunt and destroy
their siblings in the Blood. At this, they were
at least as thorough as the Tremere when
dealing with -Saulot's progeny. But even in
this context, rumor has it that a few members
of the clan survived the centuries of being
hunted, for some of them were physically
changed in a way that they had nothing to do
with their parent clan anymore, even before
the Amaranth on Cappadocius. They rather
looked like walking, rotting corpses, which
maybe explains the mysterious appearance of
the Samedi bloodline. Few others have sur-
vived centuries by their power and their
knowledge alone. I mainly refer to a>Cainite
called Lazarus here.

© Cappadocius: The ~Antediluvian founder
dfClan'-+Cappadoctan and"Ssire of Mseniénus

»Giovanni was probably guided through his
unlife by prophecies he had — according to
his own words — received by angels. If this
was born from a sort of madness or if C. really
was God's chosen is impossible to determine
these nights. The only certain thing is that
the whole clan took a different direction
and followed new goals after every prophecy.

EncycLopseDIA VAMPYRICA

43


SF still don't understand sth qou
inaisted to sce this woman noled hee,
master Cristotl... though Miss
ast is chile of my clan; the
work should be seseried to great
representative of the Cainite race,
shouldnt it?

C.'s true name is lost — even if some call him
"Lucian" — since this mysterious man who
was probably a priest, shaman or saint in life
didn't even tell it to +Caine. He simply spoke
about his origins. "From Cappadocia," he said,
and this was how he and his progeny were
addressed. His conviction that the answers to.
his questions were known only to God him-
self led him and his clan to protect and sup-
port Christianity from the beginning. He or-
dered his progeny to build churches and ca-
thedrals as havens for the faithful. In the end,
though, he submitted to hubris and craved

apotheosis. Led by the angels' revelations,
he desired toone night drink God's soul. This
led to his downfall by the hand of his power-
hungry childe Augustus Giovanni. C.'s legacy
has been reportedly written down in a text
called the—-Sargon Fragment.

© Capuchin: The being known under that
name moves through ~*Kindred society like
a ghost — which he actually might be. Since
the 16th century, he is known to be active
within the church as a Franciscan monk —
even if his name implies differently — and is
supposed to even have access to the secret
Vatican archives, from which he gets infor-
mation he sells to his closest allies, Clan

»Giovanni. So far, he has been seen only in
Italy, and his identity remains a mystery. C.
seems ready to share his knowledge but de-
mands other, often arcane information or ar-
tifacts in return. Members of other clans had
the double-edged:pleasure-of ‘meeting him,
and all were shaken by the questions this
strange figure asked them. The speculations
on its true identity range from a servant of
the ~Antediluvians to a demon, a ghost and
the Cappadocians Lazarus and >Japheth.

* Cardinal: --Sabbat title for a Sabbat leader
who supervises a large territory and stands
directly below the regent in rank. The for-
mal address is "Your Eminence."

* Carpaccio, Monsignor Amelio: Ital. Catho-

lic priest. C. was High Inquisitor of the In-

quisition until 1994. Was replaced by Ingrid
> Bauer.

Carthage: No struggle in all the millennia
of the >Jyhad has more influence on the re-
lationship between the ~*clans in the Final
Nights than the Punic Wars, the bitter fights
between C. and its >Brujah rulers and Rome
under the influence of the Kingship Clan.
Some ancient Brujah remember these nights,

ENcycLopaepia VAMpyRICA

44

and in their undead hearts smolders an abys-
mal hatred they pass on to their childer and
grandchilder. Whenever young members of
the Learned Clan have no better idea, a
simple reference to C. is justification enough
to verbally or physically attack another

>Kindred, it seems. No other war ever had
ababrepercusslonson the thegphes of whale
generations. No other war is as exemplary
for thie etéenal'Iybad:

Indeed, C. already was a remarkable power
in the Mediterranean when the Roman Em-
pire was born, Its ships controlled the sea-
based trade, and trade routes led from Cyrene
to Alexandria and from there to Somalia,
India and China. Moreover, C. was the cen-
ter of Clan Brujah, for here, some of the most
prominent clan members had gathered. Led
by >Troile himself, they reputedly sought to
rebuild the glory and splendor of the First
City. This is why C. is sometimes called the
Third City.

It was the ideal of the Learned Clan to build
a place where Kindred and ~kine could co-
exist free of fear. The mortal populace should
know about the undead in their midst so all
could coexist harmoniously. This ideal can
never be fully realized, for the mortals will
always fear the hunter among them and have
shown often enough that they try to destroy
what they fear. But this warped Brujah ideal
did not trigger the struggles. Rather, dark-
ness ruled in the heart of the Brujah dream.
The Learned ones did not claim the city
alone, but dwelled hand in hand with the

»Assamites, -*Setites and even the ->Baali.
Yes, | have heard often enough that history
is written by the winners and that only envy
put Rome at C.'s throat. But | will try to prove
the truth of my — statements.
The first proof is the cult of >Baal, then
widespread in C. Every new moon, this cult
sacrificed several kine to its god. Although
many claim different, we did not take it upon
us to collect the bones beneath the temple
after the destruction of the city to be able to
point our fingers at them. It was not neces-
sary. Not only Rome's Ventrue saw what

»Moloch did as Baal and paramour of infa-
mous Troile. We could not have fabricated
stories that would have been perverted and
repulsive enough. In the end, we were forced
to unite the ~*Malkavians from Crete, the

Toreador from Achaea and the Sicilian

»Lasombra with the Roman +Ventrue to


declare war on C. This so-called paradis
kine lived in a hell of fear and terror. They
knew that creatures stalked their streets and
might attack them at any time to drink their
blood or sacrifice them to a blasphemous god
in unspeakable rituals. Yes, I really can imag-
ine that paradise — a paradise for the Beast
within, for the monster we can become. But
finally, we were-able to stop their infernal
Barthes And fe wasn' only thé: Venccle, as
PB riahiy: Braialy believe tn'the Final Nights:
Ttwas an intervention of all clans still in their
right mind.

On the night C., fell, Moloch and Troile
fought side by side; neither retreated for love
of the other, and together they fell. The city

vas destroyed in a desperate effort to purge
the evil they had wrought on the face of the
world. The ground was salted, and rituals
were performed so that none of the Kindred
who has sought refuge in the earth might rise
again. Until these nights, this place close to
Tunis has been avoided. No +Cainite can
enter it without having terrible visions of the
ghastly things that were once committed
there. We will probably carry this war's legacy
in our hearts eternally, and probably, it will
suffice even for this century's childer to hate
each other. But these are the unfathomable
ways of the Jyhad.

* Casanova: 1. Giovanni Giacomo C.,
Chevalier de Seingalt (an invented title);
*1725, +1798; Ital. adventurer and writer.
—2.A ~Kindred who seduces mortals with-
out killing them, takes only a little +blood
and erases their memories afterward.

* Cassidy, Elaine: ->Velya.

* Catacombs of the Antediluvians: Subter-
ranean tomb in the ~Black Citadel in
Beveth "containing., four ‘supposed
Antediluvians' sealed sarcophagi.

© Cathari: 1.>Albigensian. — 2. »Sabbat
following the Path of Enlightenment
called —Path of Cathari.

* Cathayan: >Kuei-jin.

© Cathedral: Term for a large *Sabbat ha-
ven.

® Cauchemar: A vampire who feeds only
from sleeping victims and prevents them
from waking in the process.

* Celerity: This Discipline explains the

>Kindred's superior speed. C. is common with
the clans ~Assamite, >Brujah and +To-
reador. These clans can use >blood to become
inhumanly fast.

© Celestyn: Sixth Generation Tremere
*1110,#1139. C. (originally: Calnor) grew up
as the son of the seneschal of an eccentric
English lord together with the lord's children.
He received the same education and learned
several languages. Calnor's love for knowledge
led him to explore the occult and history.
From what he read and what he heard from
aged folk living in the area, he deduced that
>mages had to have a chantry close by and
guessed at its location correctly. One autumn
afternoon, he stood at its threshold and asked
to be taken in as a pupil. The mages perceived
his as yet undeveloped potential and agreed.
Calnor became a member of
>Tremere.

House

In addition to his magical studies, Calnor
(who was now called C. due to his love for
the stars and his navigating abilities) proved
himself adept at locating information frag-
ments. He pieced them together and could
tell with remarkable accuracy where to find
old treasures or lost knowledge. Whenever
possible he roamed westerrl Europe tatinearth
long-forgotten wonders and bringtheth to his
chantry near London. In the meantime, he
devoted himself to his studies and copied
magical texts before they faded into illegibil-
ity

His skills did not go unnoticed. C. was called
to -*Ceoris, where he was assigned to org

nize and update the chantry's extensive library.
Whenever he found rest, he traveled the land
searching for magical and mundane items. He
earned a great reputation for finding numer-
ous artifacts. Additionally, he earned the repu-
tation of being as heroic as he was driven, for
he traveled fearlessly through Tzimisce do-
mains. Because of his valuable contributions
to the chantry, C. was one of the first mages
of Ceoris to be ~Embraced. C.'s ~sire is

>Etrius.

C. considered the Embrace an opportunity to
find out more about the legends of the undead.
After the Embrace, he obligingly stayed in
Ceoris. The only thing he regretted was that
it was hard to see what he unearthed by night.
Due to his journeys throughout Europe, C. is
powerfully built and well muscled. His hair is

Encycropsepia VAMpYRICA

45

Clan of Usurpers suggests
tneredible insolence. Jp Lhe other
4and, we did very

nell lo call
lose pia as

who invented this sobriguel

lo does
0 account far if

Jean only

potnt again lo Tremere's
fight agains! Saulol, tbe scourge

of humanity, abo afler all as ne
aM know, %s the Baalj's

progenitor

heroic

FUell, this might be a litle overdone,
for Tremere propaganda


CAD

TIMELINE: CHICAGO

Circa 1700: +Menele, a >Brujah -*Methuselah, settles with the Native Americans in the
area where C. is tonight and adapts their lifestyle. Supposedly, he grows closer to his
ultimate goal, Golconda.

1795: General "Mad" Anthony Wayne buys the land.C. will be built upon:

1803: Wayne erects Fort Dearborn, which meets with massive resistance from the natives,
who are led by a wise and shrewd chief called Black Hawk.

1812: The Native Americans' attacks force the Europeans to give up the fort temporarily,

1816: The Europeans return with more troops led by General Whistler and rebuild the
destroyed fort. Whistlenis probably influenced by the*Toreador Helena, a
Methuselah who is linked with Menele by an ages-old enmity, Black Hawk asks the
Brujah to help him fight the Europeans.

1832: After a cavalry attack on a Native American camp that leads to a massacre, Menele
frenzies and, for the first time, personally intervenes in the conflict between settlers
and natives. Helena confronts him: Both are so badly wounded that they fall into

>torpor, but are rescued by their -rghouls.

1833: _ C. founded:

1837: The Brujah Maxwell becomes "prince of the city. The fact that a black mancan
claim stich an austere office for himself (at such a time jtrhistory) leads >Inyanga to
Cc.

1861-65: The Civil War leads to a dramatically increasedpopulation. ->Kindred flock to the
area, too, among them the =*Ventrue -+Lodin, not of his own accord, butas a part of
a complicated scheme by Helenato overthrow Menele's puppet.

1871: ~ Devil's Night. Conflagrations started by a suicidal ~» Malkavian rage through C. like
an epidemic, incinerating everything in their-way- Amazingly enoughy only a few
mortals lose their lives, but the fire destroys ‘18,000 buildings and almost completely
wipes out Maxwell's followers among the Kindred. Lodin sees his chance'to become
prince, waits until Inyanga is out of townand then attacks mercilessly. Together
with a group of Toreador and Ventrue, he attacks the prince. Maxwell escapes through
a window and doesn't return to C. until the end of the 20th cent. Lodinjtolerates no
rivals next to him and removesall other Ventrue in town with'surgical precision:
Since that night, all members of the »Clan of Kings in\@: are progeny of Lodin.

1880: Supported by the' >primogen of the Gangrel, Brujahiand Nosferatu, a thoth if
whose side Lodin's seizure of power representspthe Toreador >Modius enacts.a plan
to undermine the Ventrue's influence:-Fitst,the conflict is carried our without di
rect confrontations; both sides use only mortals to implement their plans. It's ashock
for Lodin that the workers in his city (led:by his rival) protest their bad working
conditions. All big institutions Lodin has suborned to stabilize his leadership start
crumbling. Even with the help of two neonate lieutenants, Lodin at first seems un
able to prevent his fall.

1886: One of Lodin's mortal minions throws a bomb into a group of police officers, which
leads to an uprising during which several union members and police officers die. The
dead workers become martyrs, which only fuels the unrest.

1894: _ A strike against bad living and working conditions unites black and white railway
workers, who manage to completely shutdown the national railway network. This
poses a direct threat against one of Lodin's lieutenants, who eas his resources through
the railway. Without consulting the prince, he enlists the aid of government troops
against the workers. The accident becomes a worldwide scandal and a disgrace for the
whole city

1901-6: Lodin comes to the conclusion that his momentary army of followers is not stifficient
to end the unrest and »Embraces a famous socialist leader. Lodin-orders him to
persuade the other union leaders tobhave the working class keep quiet using promises

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

46


and money. Modius's troops react belatedly to this move, but with unexpected
violence. For the first time, Kindred are directly involved in the conflict, and
Modius's Brujah allies destroy some of Lodin's helpers,
Lodin addresses the city's oldest Kindred and informs them that ~ranarch actions
threaten the ->Masquerade. Grudgingly, the elders allow him to finally end the
conflict by all means necessaty. At the same time, the socialist leader Embraced
by Lodin manages to. win the city's Brujah over. Lodin starts a systematic
campaign to annihilate the anarchs.
1913.
1913-66: Cauchemar era: Long period of peace among the city's Kindred.

1919;

Lodin has the city under control. Modius flees.

C's eldetrecognizerthat it is bad for the city,toxtesblve disputes overtly and by
using ~-Cainites. They make several locations in C. Elysium to gather there
regularly.
Lodin tries in vain to starve Modius in Gary by completely ruining that city's
economy.

1921:

1966; In the 60s, the anarchsare getting more and more dangerous for Lodin. The real
problems start when the prince's shetiff destroys two'Brujah. The anarchs react
with an outburst of violence against the elders that will go dowmin Kindred
history as the Nightof Rage: Within a week, 13 Cainites are destroyed. Over the
next few years, both sides wage a guerilla war.

Lodin gains permission from the Ventrue >justi¢at to Solve G's anarch problem
dnce.and for all. Overi00 Kindred disappean#ithouea trace, Lodin's domairt're
mains secure

Start of the Council Wars, The anarchsthavé gathered strength again and man
age to make one of their allies mayor of G)

Av Christmastime, Lodin starts Operation Incubator to publicly run down the
anarchs' most important méttal pawns. The operation fails because many mor
tals dislike the mingling in those pawns' privacy:

‘The antarchs manage to replac& some of the prinée's mifiiGns in the municipality
by theirown allies

19872.) Lodémask& the &>primogen for help, whose smenibets promise their support in
return for certain concessions: During thésubsequent Thanksgiving Massacre,
Lodin's ghouls ‘destroy almost all anarchs in the city while the prince himself
takes advantage of the premature death of the mayor they have installed.
Helena rises from torpor and. starts searching for Menele's haven.

>Lupines unexpectedly attackithe Succubus Club, a fayorite haunt of the Kin
dred,.and some more downtown buildings" Lodin calls a blood/hunt on all Lu
pines, and some of them are even killed. The Lupines' counterattack coincides
with a *Sabbat attack. In the chaos of the struggle, more than one-third of the
city's Kindred are destroyed, among them Lodin. The question of power remains
unresolved to thisnight. C. now isa city with several possible pretenders to prince

dom, but it seems very probable thava childe of Lodin will be his successor in the end.

blond, his eyes brown. His face can be called
pleasant. When in the library, C. dresses in
robes and caftans. On journeys, he prefers
simple clothing since it allows more freedom
of movement.

C's works made their way into the mortal
tealm, which made him a famous scholar
among Middle Ages mortals, as well. Some
of his ideas (combined with those of mortal

scholars) inspired like-minded colleagues of
C. to develop archeology as a science.

After serving long and faithfully at Ceoris, C.
left the chantry one night, never to return.
Some rumors claim he's in South America,
others that he had been destroyed by the
imisce. Some ~>Cainites say he joined the
»Inconnu, while others maintain the well-
known sage had reached >Golconda and now
resided somewhere in Asia.

Encyctopsepia VAMp¥RICA

47


When they allacked the cities of the
US, East Coast, bloodhounds
calling themselves columns came

over our domains like vultures, like

alidal wave of destruction. Those
they came for looked their Final

Death in the eye.

CAD

§ * Chalice of Kinship: Mystic artifact owned
by the cardinal of northwest America. This
ebon chalice unites the participants of a

>Vaulderie in a particularly strong blood
oath. Unfortunately, nothing is known about
the C.'s origins.

© Change: The moment and process during
which a mortal turns into a >Kindred.

* Chantry: The permanent residence of
House and Clan Tremere in a city. In most
of the world's larger cities, there is a C. Each
is overseen by a >regent. Certain rules of
hospitality apply, and the C. must house and
shelter foreign Tremere. But if the regent has
reason to assume that a certain person's pres-
ence in a city compromises the ->clan's and
the C.'s safety, he can deny the suspect ac-
cess. C.s differ widely in their outer appear-
ance, but the Tremere typically try not to raise
too much attention.

¢ Chartry, Karen: Ninth Generation
>Ventrue; *1729, #Italy 1766. Childe of the
Italian Ventrue Contillio. Resides in the
>domain ~>New Orleans

 Chatterlings: The mortals kidnapped by the
*True Hand to be trained as servants and
>ghouls until they were found worthy of the
»Embrace. They were supposedly trained in
Enoch and belonged to the most insane,
ruthless and capable members of the Hand
May ~*Caine give that they have been de-
stroyed to the last man.

¢ Chavez, Gabriel: Seventh Generation

»Assamite; *Sitges 699, #1139. Childe of the
Jordan ->Assamite Tariq. The Muslims rul-
ing Spain in C.'s youth didn't let him become
a warrior as he wanted but trained him to be
a spy. Eight years later, C. found proof of mis-
takes the caliph had made. In this situation,
Tariq approached him and talked to him about
Allah, Mohammed, ~>Hagim and the spiri-
tual path of the >Cainites of >Alamut. He

»Embraced Cc
In 975, very calm, loyal Assamites were
needed to infiltrate the Caliphate of the
Fatimids, and C. was among them. In 1107,
he went to Jerusalem to fight the crusaders.
In the 16th century, C. was destroyed for in-
subordination.

© Chicago: City in Illinois (USA) on the
southwestern shore of Lake Michigan; 3.5
million inh. (metropolitan area 7.2 million
inh.); second largest economic center of the

EncycLopspia VAMpyRICA

48

important railway junction, center of:
air traffic and, since the opening of the St.
Lawrence Canal, one of the largest inland
portson Earth; foremost grain; livestock'and
wood market of the world, most important
slaughtering location in the world, numer-
ous large indastialieomplexest severaliuni?
versities, scientific institutes (see Timeline:
Chicago).

Chief: Leader of one of the
>War Parties.

© Childe: 1. Derogatory term for a young,
inexperienced or foolish -»Cainite. — 2.
Term for a~>Kindred in relation to his sire,
the Kindred who Embraced him

»Sabbat's no-
torious

* Children of Hagim: Term the > Assamites
proudly use for themselves.

* Children of the Dracon: Modern knightly
order among the -Tzimisce, possibly relat-
ing to the worship of ~Dracon in
Constantinople (~»Akoimetai). The mem-
bers of the order call themselves Brothers
Keepers, and no member of the C. has ever
been >voivode.

¢ Chimerstry: The ~Ravnos are heirs to a
legacy of illusions, and this Discipline allows
them to practice such prestidigitation. As a
Discipline, C. is a form of conjuration; a


*Kindred can tap into his inner reserves to
bring spectacular phantasms seemingly to
life. Illusions created through C. nonethe-
less shatter when confronted with the reveal-
ing power of -Auspex.

* Chorazin: The city that >Shaitan built.
Although most doubt its existence, many
~Baali texts refer to such a place. If it ex-
ists, then it is surely below ground and prob-
ably somewhere in the Mediterranean area.
Supposedly, all those who want to join the
Baali are brought here for their final tests,
the exact nature of which I don't even want
to imagine. If someone else ever finds this
place, history could repeat itself, and there
could be a second great war against the in-
fernal bloodline. But I rather assume that C.
isa place visited in spirit form by those who
want to do so. If it had a physical counter-
part, it would have been ferreted out and
destroyed long ago.

WMChristopher:. Ninth Generation

Ventrue; *1967, #1986. Childe and mor-
tal cousin on his father's side of the Prince
of New Orleans, Marcel >Guilbeau. Was

once Guilbeau's designated successor.

* Chronicle of Caine: First part of the
*Book of Nod. It is not important that this
part is not totally in keeping with standard
biblical canon. In contradiction to the Bible,
the creatures from that time with the excep-
tion of the ~*Dark Father are reduced to
simple tools. The C. discusses the contro-
versial role of Lilith, in whom many see a
midwife for our Dark Father's recognition of
his supernatural potential.

* Chronicle of Secrets: Third and last part
of the Book of Nod, and the shortest of the
three chronicles. Contains prophecies and
visions about the return of the
»Antediluvians, among other things.

* Chronicle of Shadows: Middle part of the

»Book of Nod. Collection of parts and frag-
ments of the original text. My colleague
Choros, a confessed member of the >Sabbat,
told me he considered the C. a propaganda
collection published by the ~Camarilla to
support their tyranny. I sincerely hope that
these fragments were no complicated prank
of the -*Malkavians Aiysha fell for, especially
not the 13 commandments they contain and
that supposedly were set in stone originally.

© City Gangrel: Members of the »Gangrel
>antitribu who, unlike the ~Country
Gangrel, have made their havens within
cities.

¢ Clan: A group of vampires sharing cer-
tain mystical and physical attributes, as well
as a theoretical common progenitor. At the
moment, there are 13 clans, all of which were
supposedly founded by a member of the Third
Generation (—-Assamites, ~*Brujah, -Fol-
lowers of Set, -Gangrel, »Giovanni,
»Lasombra, ~*Malkavian, Nosferatu,
»Ravnos, >Toreador, Tremere, *Tzimisce,
»Ventrue). Additionally, the C.s extin-
guished earlier in history should be noted, the
»Cappadocians and —Salubri (some of the
latter still exist)

¢ Clan Founders: The 13 -Antediluvians
from whose blood the clans arose. They are
known under many names, though we shall
not list them here for fear of tarnishing the
accuracy of this codex. In the strict sense of
the meaning, -*Tremere, who took Saulot's
place asa Founder, and Augustus Giovanni,

who destroyed Cappadocius, should be part
of this list, even if they became members of

the Third Generation by Amaranth

* Clan of Death: Old term for the
»Cappadocians from the >Book of Nod. AL-
ludes to their ~>clan Discipline of >Mortis.

¢ Clan of Shapers: Old term for the
*Tzimisce from the ~»Book of Nod. Alludes
to their >Discipline of -Vicissitude.

* Clan of the Beast: Old term for the
>»Gangrel from the Book of Nod. Alludes
to the ~clan's affinity for all kinds of animals.

¢ Clan of the Hidden: Old term for the
»Nosferatu from the Book of Nod. Alludes

to their clan Discipline of -Obfuscate.

* Clan of the Hunt: Old term for the

»Assamites from the >Book of Nod. Alludes
to the clan members' tradition of being
judges, seers and enforcers of the >Traditions.

* Clan of the Rose: Old term for the >To-
reador from the >Book of Nod. Alludes to
their ancient clan symbol.

© Clan of Usurpers: Derogatory term for the
»Tremere. First used in the Dark or Middle
Ages, presumably by the ~Salubri.

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

49


: CONSTANTINOPLE

ca. 2100 B.C.: The >Toreador Antediluvian +Embraces >Mi-ka-ilin the city of Ebla.

ca. 550 B.C

537:
55-65:

565-600:
566:
579:

602:
604:

610:

: The Cappadocian ~Byzar founds the colony of +Byzantium.Mi-ka-il
(now known as ~*Beshter) visits the site.

Beshter takes up residence in Rome.

Alexia~>Theusa visits Byzantium and is Embraced by Byzar.

Beshter and the + Ventrue Methuselah + Antonius beéome lovers.
Beshter Embraces the Roman satirist Petronius

Beshter converts to Christianity and is baptized as*>Michael.

Michael encounters the Tzimisce Dracon. The'two become lovers,
Roman Emperor Septimus Severus razes Byzantium during a civil war with

Pescenius Niger. During the assault, Alexia'Theusa ambushes Byzar and the
citys Cappadocians, sending them. into torpor.
Constantine the Great, during his bid to become Roman emperor, battles

his rival Maxentius outside Rome. Michael, Antonius and'the Dracon now.
call themselves the Triumvirate.

Constantine defeats Licinius near Byzantium, cementing his claim to the
imperial throne.

Constantine founds New Rome on the site of Byzantium (later to be called
Constantinople): The Triumvirate leaves Rome to take up residence in the
new capital.

Constantine~'s lieutenant ~*Caius is Embraced by Antonitis.

New Rome becomes the empire->s new capital.

Constantine the Great dies. The Triumvirate holds the First Council.
Magnus,.a local -Lasombra, pledges himself to the service of Michael.
Rome falls to the barbarian Odoacer. -*Cainite refugees begin toratrive in
Constantinople The Second Councibhis held, forming the Trinity System of
families. The Lasombra of Magnus and a group of Roman —-Brujah known:
as Lexor are made scions. Antonius extends protection to Alexia Theusa.
Michael invites the Follower of Set Khay-rtall to found a scion family.
Justin I becomes emperor under the guidance of his nephew Justinian and
the Ventrue Antonius.

Justinian becomes emperor and expands Byzantium~s territories into North
Africa.and Italy. The Trinity system of families is spread across the empire.
The monasteries overseen by the Dracon=*s *Obertus Tzimisce are severely
regulated.

Hagia Sophia, the worlds greatest Christian temple, is completed in
Constantinople. Michael takes.up residence.

Justinian~s rule ends in chaos ‘as Constantinople~s outlying territories are
wrested away. Plagues weaken the empire.

Plagues repeatedly strike Constantinople, allegedly spread by the Dracon.
Antonius Embraces >Belisarius, Justinians leading general.
Antonius~s mortal rival "> Narses seéks out an Italian Lasombra and is Em-
braced. Narses is made responsible for the Italian territories of the empire.
Phoeas becomes emperor, beginning a reign of terror.

Antonius~s childe Septima Dominica Embraces her servant Nicepherus.
Caius Embraces a magistrate named Epirus.

Heraclius becomes emperor and renews the power of the monasteries, bol
stering the Tzimisce power base.

ENcYCLOpaeDIA VAMpYRICA
50


CRS)

1090-1125:
1096:
1140:
1143;

1143-82:

1153:
1185:

1185-97:

The +Akoimerai monks serving the Dracon begin transcribing the con

tents of the GreatLibrary of Alexandria

The Akoimetai monk Gregory is Embraced-by an Alexandrian Raynos.

Gregory is adopted by the Antonian Ventrue.

Alexandria falls tothe Arabs and the Great Library is burned-to the ground.

Narses cuts ties with Constantinople and claims domain independently in
>Venice.

To mend the rift between Antonius and the Dracon, Michael presents each

with one of two young brothers, —>Gesuland -Symeon, to raise and

Embrace

The Dracon Embraces Gesu. Gesu falls into a deep torpor.
Rising from torpor GesuEmbraces Symeon, enraging Antonius,

The Third Councillis held to resélye the matter of Symeon->s Embrace, but
no resolution is reached.

Leo TI] becomes emperor under the watchful eye of Antonius.
Leo lil launches fconoclasm, calling for the destruction of all religious icons.

Antonius calls for a Caimite Iconoclasm, aimed at the Tzimisce practice of

*blood ciilts. Byzantine society is divided. The Fourth Council is held.
Malachite Nosferatuare made scions of the Toreador. Caius and Septima
propose Antonius~s destruction. Michael and the Dracon:acquiesce.
Caitis becomes Basileus of the Antonian Ventrue with Septima as his
second.

To restore order, Michael rules directly as Emperor Michael III.

The Dracon leaves Constantinople:

The Fifth Council is held and recognizes Gesu and\Symeon as leaders of the
Tzimisce. Michael begins to feel the pull of madnessiand torpor, leaving
nightly tasks to Petronius:

Septima Dominica is destroyed by witeh-huntéers:

The Seljtik Turks defeat the imperial army at Manzikert, stripping Byzantium
of most, of Asia Minor.

The Sixth Council is held and Belisarius returns to a position of power.
The Seventh Council is held. The family of Narses of Venice is made a
scion of the Ventrue and is given trading privileges. Baron ~>Feroux—s
Gangrel become scions of the Tzimisce. Alexius | Comnenus becomes
emperor,

Narses~s childe ~» Alfonso serves as a Lasombra priest in Constantinople.
Soldiers on the First Crusade travel through Constantinople.

The Salubri Achmet atrives in Constantinéple.

Emperor John 1] Comnenus, on campaign in Asia Minor, is killed by the
Assamite Shabah.

Latin. influence mounts under Emperor Manuel\Comnenus.

Ducas Embraces former princess Anna Comnena.

Riots targeting Latin residents break out in'Constantinople. All Latin
Cainites in the city are destroyed save for the Genoese Lasombra Gabriella
and her mortal protégé Lillian, who are sheltered by Symeon. The Eighth
Council is held and the Ventrue Epirus and Brujah Tribonius are destroyed
for inciting the riots; the Latin Quarter is made independent from the rule
of the Trinity and is placed under the dominion of Bishop Alfonzo of Venice.
Cainites from across Europe begin to arrive at Constantinople, crowding
the Latin Quarter.

EncycLopseia VAMPYRICA
51

& A me
ina aad


The Nosferatu Fra~> Raymond and his brood arrive from the Crusader States
and are hidden by the Malachite Nosferatu.

The Ventrue Basil of Thessalonica and the mad Caitiff prophet Stanislav
atrive from t he West:

The Assamite Shabah arrives as'an ambassador from Alamut.
Theresa Kymena, a rogue Tremere, artives to study with Achmet.

The Brujah, Gangrel and Nosferatu of the city form the Covenant of Three
to defend it.

Alexius Ill Angelus becomes emperor by blinding and deposing his brother
Isaac II.

Lillian, now Symeon *s lover, is Embraced by Gesu:

Gabriella of Genoa is kidnapped by Shabah:

Innocent III becomes pope and calls for a Fourth Crusade.

Crusaders gather in Venice and are greeted by Isaac II-*s son Alexius, who
requests their aid in becoming emperor. The: Venetians'suppott his efforts
in exchange for promises of riches.

The crusaders conquer Constantinople and place Alexius IV as emperor.
The people of Constantinople revolt and the crusaders sack the city,
starting a fire that burns for eight days. The Byzantine Empire is torn as
under and divided among the crusaders.

© Clan of Warlocks: Old term for the
> Tremere. Alludes to their origin from a her-
metic tradition of sorcery.

* Cleopatra: The last Egyptian queen of the
Prolemaian family was put on the throne by
Julius Caesar in 48 B.C. She was 18 then. Pre-
sumably she killed herself by letting a snake
bite her, but as she was a Follower of Set's
ghoul, this.end of her mortal history seems
improbable. So far, though, I couldn't find a
hint for her being taken into the undead's
ranks.

© Cobras: Nickname of the Serpents of the
Light

* Cocceius: Seventh Generation elder of the

Learned Clan; *202 B.C. as the son of a
Nol mithoul a trace al all Roman slave, #Rome 148 B.C., +1647 in the
Fier alla whole group of chaos of the Thirty Years War.

Nalive American C.'s mother was repeatedly raped by Roman
abominalions haunted the area ¥ citizens for her beauty. F fe is a child of rape by
e of whom the Roman Senator Civus and was born as a

slave. C. swore revenge against Civus. The wd tad
senator sold C. to the arena after his mother's
quest death, where he trained and saved money to
inlo the night by a ‘while buy himself out of slavery. As his body devel-
medicine woman." oped, his skill grew as well. C. befriended a
Greek gladiator called Yorgos. He adored him
like a brother and father at the same time and

for years, som
confessed affer intense ‘
been taken planned to found a gladiators' school with
fioning having B
him. Unfortunately, Yorgos died in the arena.
After this tragedy, C. did everything to im-
prove his skill until the day of freedom fi-
nally came. He saw the despair and tyranny
in Rome. People starved while, close by, the

ENc¥CLOpaeDIA VAMpyRICA
52


tich rulers stuffed themselves to excess. Two
things brought about C.'s decision to go into
politics: the knowledge that it would bring
him closer to Civus and that he'd be able to
beat him on his home turf — with his own
weapons. Though he was always regarded as
a lesser being — he was, after all, a former
slave and gladiator — he quickly learned
politics and got closer to Civus, who had
been Embraced in the meantime. When
they next met, Civus almost killed C., but
the Brujah -*Dysos saved him by Embracing
him. He liked C.'s urge to change and be free.

C. got to know the Beast within that he had
tofight and understood the meaning of mor-
tals for our kind. He settled in Carthage;
when it was destroyed, another of his dreams
died. C. moved on to ~>Aix-la-Chapelle,
where he replaced the -Trinity (2), was
prince for a while and resided until his Final
Death.

* Cock, Robin: Seventh Generation elder
of the Clan of the Hidden; *unknown,
#1757. >NosferatuJusticar since 1998. C.
wasa skilled but otherwise unremarkable sil-

ver smith's apprentice who fought for survival
against poverty in the last days of the British

colonies in America, where he was -Em-
braced by his predecessor, Alonso Cristo

*Petrodon de Sevilla. Petrodon soon left
him to fend for himself, though the Ameri-
can colonies and especially the New England

coastline were shaken by violent struggles and
thus were no good place for lonesome fledg-
lings. Many whom C. contacted didn't see the
dawn of the 19th century. Then he got to
know Warwick, the in-between Prince of
Providence; his reign of terror made internal
struggle that had gone before in the area pale
in comparison.
Over 100 years later, in the darkest hours of
Warwick's tyranny, »sire reappeared and
called his childer to him through the rebel
leader Prudence -»Stone to infiltrate and de-
stroy Warwick's network with their aid. Only
C. survived this effort, which none of the

>Camarilla leaders ever forgot and which
surely contributed to his recent nomination.

* Code of Milan: Medieval code of conduct
to keep the order within the ~Sabbat. Up-
dated and revised on December 21, 1933, by

»Regent Gorchist and signed by the cardi-
nals Huroff, Bruce de Guy, Agnes and Charles
VI, the archbishops Beatrice, Una, Tecumseh,

»Giangaleazzo, Toth, Aeron, Marsilio,
Rebecca and Salluccio.

* Code of the Damned: Book in which

»Mictlantecuthli wrote down the details of
his thaumaturgical research. In his home,
Tzental, many priests researched blood magic
and tried to become immortal like
Mictlantecuthli. One of his mortal minions
brought the C. to the priests during the day
for months while Mictlantecuthli slept. When
he descended into his pyramid to enter —>tor-
por, his mortal priests were interred with him.
Later, the C. was removed from Tzental,
though no one knows how. Likewise, no one
knows who finally translated it. But presum-
ably, there are two translations of it —a Latin
one in the >Tremere ~chantry in Vienna
and another, probably in English, that has
disappeared. From time to time, false transla-
tions appear and raise great interest every
time.

* Codex of Legacies: --Constantinople's
»Cainites do not follow Caine's Six ->Tradi-
tions. Instead, over the centuries and thanks
to the city's >Brujah Tribonius, they devel-
oped their own set of laws and customs: the
C. The basic principle of the C. is the rule of
the' Trinity, Thereswasino:sspritice dn
Constantinople; instead the ~Tzimisce
>Ventrue and >Toreador families jointly
claimed the domain. Each family was led by a
patriarch (although Michael was considered

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

53


the patriarch of all Constantinople), who led
his family and the scion families under it.
Those Cainites who were not part of the fam-
ily system had no part in city affairs. The te-
nets of the C. otherwise resembled the Six
Traditions, but they had different priorities
and cemented the Trinity's rule.

* Columns: Permanent ~Sabbat —packs
consisting exclusively of > Black Hand mem-
ber:

* Communal Haven: ~Sabbat term for a

»pack's haven.

* Comnena, Anna: Member of the ~King-
ship Clan; as the eldest child of Emperor
Alexius I Comnenus, she was betrothed to an
imperial candidate at an early age and pre-
pared for a life as empress of New Rome. An
avid student and brilliant thinker, she ab-
sorbed political, theological, scientific and
philosophical teachings with a passion that
stunned her tutors and made her parents
proud. But her brother succeeded her father
on the throne and exiled her to a convent.
There she wrote her famous Alexiad, an ac-
count of her father's reign. When this account
was finished and she had vented her ire, she
was taken into -*Constantinople's undead
society by the Kingship Clan. There, she be-
came a prominent and influential figure
within the >Ventrue family in relatively short
time, but her fate after the city's fall to the
Ottomans is uncertain. Probably she mingled
with the Turks and may still exist.

* Conclave: C.s are the biggest events in
»Camarilla politics — at least the biggest any
»Kindred can attend without a personal in-

vitation. A C, serves as superior court of the

Camarilla +Kindred, a policy-setting body

that considers and determines future politics

and emphasizes the Camarilla's role as guid-
ing star of the *Masquerade and the relation-
ships between >Cainites and ->kine.

Any Kindred hearing about 'a C. may attend.
These events can take between a few hours
and several weeks or even months.

Due to logistical problems, only —justicars or
the Inner Circle can call aC. — and even
they may only do so if really necessary. Usu-
ally, the C. is held in the region most affected
by the problem at hand or at a central loca-
tion if the problem is supraregional. Any at-
tendee may speak if supported by two or more
Kindred. All attendees have only one vote.

ENcYCLOpsDIA VAMp¥RICA

3s arelusually held: whemit comes downtta
important figures, such as ~*princes, or es-
pecially severe violations of the Masquerade.
Any Kindred can accuse another in front of
the C. with no regard to status and can ex-
pect that the accusation is given due con-
sideration.

© Consanguineus: Form of address for -Kin-
dred of the same descent (usually only used
for younger siblings in the blood).

* Consistory: The body of advisors to the
>regent, composed of key prisci and car
dinals.

* Cons aac: Led by Claudius
»Giovanni, these conspirators of different
»clans had joined forces to plan the ~Ama-

ranth of -Cappadocius and -Japheth. All
members of this group were decadent and
jaded aristocrats, a fact that made it easy for
Claudius to discern what he could offer them
to ensure their loyalty toward him. The group
achieved its initial goal, though it can be
doubted that all members have been in-
formed of their success. Eventually, most
vanished from sight. However, it can be as-
sumed that the majority went underground
to join the --Sabbat.

* Constantine, Lothar: Seventh Generation
»elder of the -Kingship Clan. Sired Jereaux
»Guilbeau in 1866 (in his ->haven in east

Georgia) and later Jereaux's brother Marcel.

Presumably destroyed by Jereaux ca. 1870.

* Constantinople: Newer name for
Byzantium after 330 A.D.; capital of the
yzantine Empire until 1453; since then

Turkish: Istanbul.

* Content, Malk: C., a ->Malkavian, is a
fraud of unknown origin with a very child-
ish demeanor. He has invented hundreds of
stories about his origin and claimed to be a
native Indian medicine man, a Mongol war-
tior, a Babylonian king, the son of Eneas, a
Persian prince, an alien, a judge of the High
Elves' court, Jesus and -*Malkav himself,
among others. He appears in many forms and
disguises, but always carries the Malkavian
clan symbol, a broken mirror, somewhere on
his person, sometimes even as a tattoo on
his forehead.

C. is a disquieting person of great power and
infectious madness. His presence leads to re-
ality shifts in his immediate surroundings,


and even the most powerful elders are not
immune to his pranks. His simple presence
unhinges the delicate balance of Kindred
intrigues. Among his enemies are the

*Camarilla >justicars as well as the
>Sabbat's > Black Hand, both of whom rate
him as dangerous for lack of any reliable in-
formation. Some say certain important so-
cial changes of the 18th and 19th centuries
were implemented by him, for he had wors-
ened the living conditions in early industrial
imice beforéhand to.the degreé*that no
country could avoid reforms
C. stole grimoires and artifacts from the

*Tremere, formed unholy alliances with

+Lipines and evil spirits and is responsible
for great differences within Kindred soci-
éty. One never knows when he will attack
next time and what his motives are — if he
has any at all. Wise Kindred simply try to
avoid C.

* Convention of Thorns: Written agree-
ment between the -*Camarilla and the
»anarchs ending their open war and out-
lining the way both factions interact with
each other. The C. marks the end of the
Anarch Revolt. Phrased by the > Ventrue
~Hardestadt. The name comes from the
name of the hamlet at which the treaty was
signed, outside Silchester in England.

* Corrupter: A follower of the Path of

Evil Revelations.

* Coterie: A group of Kindred protecting
and supporting each other against outsiders.

* Council of Seven: Seven-headed, high-
est board of House and --Clan -Tremere
whose members serve the ->founder of their
clan as advisors. Its members are some of the
~Tremere's oldest compatriots. Some of
them were among the first mages who
transformed themselves into *Cainites. The
C. holds a formal meeting every 10 years.
The meeting always takes place in -*Etrius's
old chantry in > Vienna. The current
councilors are rumored to be ~Etrius,
+Grimgroth, -*Meerlinda, Xavier de
Cincao, ~Abetorius, Thomas >Wyncham
and Elaine de Calinot.

* Country Gangrel: One of the two main
factions of *Gangrel —antitribu within the
>Sabbat. Unlike the >City Gangrel, the C.
prowl rural areas and the wilderness, similar

their backs on the Camarilla.

* Court of Blood: Institution of Clan

»Lasombra. Serves as an instrument for regu-
lating the personality of the clan. Whoever
suspects a clanmate of falling short in his or
her stature turns to the C. to attain permis-
sion to execute him or her. To obtain this
permission, the incompetence of the
Lasombra in question needs to be proven by
circumstantial evidence. The C. consists of
three to 13 members that the Amis Noirs
deem capable of such a job. The court's deci-
sion is made only based on the evidence pre-
sented with no regard to political motives.
The permission to execute is granted only if
the evidence clearly speaks against the defen-
dant, which rarely is the case. The defendant
never is informed about the petition. If found
guilty, defendants are informed only if the C.
thinks they deserve a chance. If, on the other
hand, the accusation proves completely un-
justified, the defendants usually are informed
about the accuser's petition. Typically, there
is no subsequent hearing with reversed roles;
generally, the affair is settled out of court,
which does not mean it becomes any more
pleasant for the accuser.

* Coven: A pack of --Sabbat that makes a
permanent ~*haven in a city; used to differ-
entiate between "founded" packs and nomadic
ones. Most Sabbat cities host numerous coy-
ens, in addition to providing "hospitality" to
a seemingly endless stream of nomadic packs.

* Coventry, Madeline: Elder of the Clan
of Warlocks, sent to the recently founded
colony in the Massachusetts Bay by the Win-
chester chantry in England. She arrived in
1635 and declared herself prince. In 1795,
»Baladin replaced her, and she fell into tor-
por. C. vanished without a trace in 1831.

© Crazy Jane: -Malkavian; born as Jane
»Pennington in 17th-century England; im-
portant dates of life and unlife unknown.
Childe of Mad Tom. Probably destroyed
her own sire. Reputed to be the muse of poet

Edgar Allan Poe.

© Creation Rites: The special ritual that

makes a ~*Sabbat -Cainite a true sect mem-
ber. The C. differ from the Embrace insofar
as anyone can be Embraced, but a recruit is
not a Sabbat until he has passed the C. (and
is not considered a Cainite until then)

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA
55


Game a

OG
O's, Credentes:'Followers.of the Path Of
Cathari.

¢ Critias: -Brujah; >primogen of the

Learned Clan in Chicago. C. almost
forms an exception these nights, at least as
far as the New World is concerned, for he is
the epitome of a warrior who is also a phi-
losopher (and the other way around) —
which he probably once was — not a rebel-
lious agitator like so many of his clan in the

Final Nights.

© Cross: The C. has become the main sym-
bol of the Christian faith and its worldview
through the New Testament and especially
Paul's interpretation of Jesus' crucifixion that
took it from the chronological and spatial re-
straints of a historical event to the infinite
sphere of myth. It is not easy to separate and
discern the C.'s liturgical meaning from the
spiritual one at all times. While C. wine and
C. water were rightfully called superstition,
though they were religious customs (just as
the sign of the C.), Ash Wednesday's ashen
C. as a sign of atonement must be judged dif-

. The idea that consecrated ash helped
against headaches, increases a garden's fertil-
ity or serves any other means is highly super-
stitious, however. This example may serve to
show the difficulty of setting borders and re-
mind our esteemed readers to tread carefully
with this subject.

ENcyCLOpseIA VAMpYRICA

56

— ——__—— oe

Trying to chase illnesses, ghosts or our kind
with the sign of the C. is a completely differ-
ent thing. This only works with people who
possess True Faith, just as they are the only
ones in whose hands objects bearing the sign
of the C., like keys, knives, coins, nails, etc.,
can hurt us.

The crucifix, the C. adorned by Christ's

body, is likewise surrounded by significant

superstitious customs and faith (see
*Holy symbols).

© Crusaders: 1. Nickname for the > Ventrue
»antitribu. — 2. Noble knights attending a
»Crusade.

© Crusade: ampaigns started by Europe's
Christian people to conquer Palestine, the
Holy Land. Reason for the crusade move-
ment the conquest of Jerusalem and thus
of Christ's grave by the Seljuk Turks (1070).
Pope Urban II called for a war against the
infidels in 1095. Under Godfrey of Bouillon,
the First Crusade (1096-99) led to the Chris-
tian conquest of Jerusalem. In 1146, Bernard
of Clairvaux managed to convince King
Conrad III to call for a Second Crusade
(1147-49). The French king Louis VII
joined. The endeavor ended in a military
disaster. At the same time, in 1147 a so-called
Wenden Crusade against the Slavs in
Mecklenburg and Pomerania took place. The
conquest of Jerusalem by Sultan Saladin
(1187) led to the Third Crusade (1189-92),
led by Emperor Frederick I and joined by
English King Richard the Lionhearted and
King Philip I] August of France. During this
Crusade, Acre was conquered in 1191. The
Fourth Crusade (1202-4) occurred without
German participation, led to the conquest
of Constantinople and established the Latin
Kingdom. In 1212, the disastrous Children's
Crusade took place. The Fifth Crusade
(1228-29) brought Jerusalem back into
Christian hands through a treaty between
Emperor Frederick II and Sultan al-Kamil
(until 1244). The French King Louis [X's
Sixth and Seventh C. (1248-54 resp. 1270)
in Egypt and Tunis were not successful.

The C. idea stirred new impulses in the
popes: In 1209 the church called a Crusade
against the ~-Albigensians, in 1232 against
the Steding farmers. The Teutonic Order,
founded in the Holy Land in 1198, fought
the Prussians and Lithuanians in the name
of faith, too.


* Cult of Enlightenment: Gehenna Cult,
founded in 510. The C. fights a lonely battle,
asit wants to lead all members to Golconda
intime before >Gehenna. Now two "proph-
ets" have arisen within the cult, each a bit-
ter enemy of the other, both advocating mo-
nastic retreat as the solution to Gehenna. A
few cultists remain skeptical, knowing that
the fear of doom easily gives rise to sham and
demagoguery. Meanwhile, the scholars of the
group spend their nights trying to find the
Scrolls of Wisdom, 13 scrolls onto which the
C''s founders recorded all their learning cen-
turies ago. For the most part, though, the C.
is eager to follow the words of the new thin-
blooded prophets.

Cult of Ezuli: At first glance, the >Setites'
cult is very similar to the adoration of the
numerous different ghosts in Voodoo religion
and is an especially good example for one of
the more corrupt ~*blood cults of Kindred.

*Ezuli's followers gather, led by a manbo
(priestess), and sing songs of invitation to
gain her attention. Soon, the songs lead to
unrestrained, orgiastic dances to the beat of
wild drums seemingly guiding the followers'
pulse. Meanwhile, the manbo prays to all
kinds of spirits, -relders and entities who are
supposed to be on good terms with Ezuli.
Soon, she appears in person amidst the crowd
of writhing bodies, and before succumbing
to a blood frenzy, she imbues one seemingly
tandomly chosen follower with her spirit
who, possessed by her, attacks the others.
Once she has come to her senses again, her
body disappears in the crowd. The followers
sing songs of gratefulness, and the whole cer-
emony calms down and dissipates. This is
how it happens most of the time, but the

*Beast, our greatest adversary, sometimes
demands a higher toll, and I have heard sto-
Ties about veritable carnages during the C.'s
ceremonies. Supposedly, it is not unusual that
dozens of followers lose their lives.

* Cult of the Wanderers: Another

»Gehenna cult; relatively recent compared
to many others, for it was founded only after
the blood curse. Unfortunately, I know
nothing else about it.

© Cunctator: A ~Cainite who avoids killing
by drinking only small quantities and taking
too little blood to kill the

* Curse: Figurative term for vampirism, the
god's C. against Caine that is passed on to
all >Kindred in the Dark Father's ~blood.

* Curse of the Tremere: The Clan of >War-
locks' ritual laid down in the —>Treaty of
Tyre that rendered Kindred vitae poison-
ous for the ~Assamites. The C. was broken
in 1998.

© Cybele: Bali; supposedly a childe of

Shaitan, but it is unclear which Shaitan

»sired her. Probably she hails from Crete and
is one of the few survivors of her sire's laby-
rinth. Soon after escaping from there, she
vanished, but it is clear that she helped the
Roman senate with its war against >Carthage
and with the destruction of the city. How ex-
actly it came to be that she fought her own
bloodline remains unknown. Later, she van-
ished completely from Kindred annals. Ru-
mor has it she had searched out Shaitan's laby-
rinth once again later and finally become a
servant of the ~Decani.

>vessel.

© Cycle of Lilith: A collection of texts de:
perately sought by -*Noddists. Exists in sev-
eral different versions. A being calling he
self "the Dark One" helped me acquire some
fragments of it in Boston in an old bookstore.
The texts the elderly owner of the bookstore
sold me became part of the edition of the

*Book of Nod | am supposed to have pub-
lished. The'same man: promised to show me
"devil-worshippers". (whom I assumed to be

»Lilins) in a Bostonian cemetery the same
night. I did not meet them there, but encoun-
tered a strange ~Cainite (maybe the "Dark
One" mentioned above?) who showed me a
complete leather-bound edition of the C. She
let me read it, but kept it for herself.

© Cyclops: Nickname of the —Salubri.

* Czernzy, Priscus Livia Boleslav
signed of the Purchase Pact.

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA
57



¢ d'Urban, Sir Marriot: Member of the

Snake Clan; fought in the Third Crusade
under Richard the Lionhearted. In doing so
and later as a prisoner of the Saracens he lost
his faith in Christendom but became an ex-
ceptional sage who made a name for himself
in the fields of medicine, theology and as-
tronomy. Finally, he was Embraced, prob-
ably in >Alexandria, and returned to his
homeland England from there. He is an un-
Usual member of his clan; he doesn't like se-
ducing others to follow a different path for
the benefit of Set, but becomes absorbed
in his studies on the history of the -Jyhad
and especially the Setites. These nights, he's
among the most sophisticated undead
Egyptologists and travels the world to teach
history to his clan's neonates.

»Kuei-jin term for Golconda.

* Daimonion: ->Baali clan ~*Discipline. The
Baali are not really known for working well
with others; therefore, almost nothing is
known about D.

© Damien: Fifth Generation member of the
»Learned Clan; *1948, #1962. D. is one of
»Chicago's most remarkable Kindred, as on
one hand, he is often mistaken for a member
of the Clan of the Rose, and on the other
hand, he possesses great personal power al-
though he was never officially recognized asa
*childe of another —-Cainite of the city.
Don't let his youthful appearance deceive you,
for D. is gifted with guile and craft that some
>Ventrue would envy. Of course, rumors
about him abound: he is said to be respon-
sible for the Lupine attack on Chicago, to
consort with the -Sabbat, to plan on becom-
ing ~>prince and more of like gibberish.

¢ Damned: The race of undead. The entirety
of all Kindred.

* Dancers in the Dark: These beasts, who

were reported among others by Dr. Raoul
>King, are extremely dangerous. They seem

to be a special breed of Lupines that hates

us more than anything else.

* Dark Mother: Reverent name for >Lilith.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA
59

&

aa our Lintongy becomes
ats Appondix TL. avd you
wall know what

T weow,


Plus,

man

old Feafaet ont of

he's a handsome
7 wouldn't push good

any bed.

~~
Vv
$ * Dark Queen: --Lilith, --Dark Mother.

© Dark Thaumaturgy: In spite of the

>Tremere antitribu's disappearance, D. pre-
vails in the >Sabbat underground. D. is sim-
ply thaumaturgical knowledge not learnt as a
result of sorcerous study, but directly from de-
mons. For lack of traditional Tremere explo-
ration and education, some Sabbat desiring
to unravel the mysteries of Thaumaturgy
turn to these infernal teachers in their despair.
Like Thaumaturgy, D. is divided into rituals
and paths. Soon, the unmistakable signs of
this devil's favor manifest physically in its us-
ers, as warts on the nose, witches' signs be-
hind the ear or even (with the damnedest of
the damned) in the form of withered limbs,
ugly scars, hors or.cloven hooves. In short,
D. is a very evil thing.

¢ Daughters of Cacophony: An exceedingly
enigmatic>bloodline that has appeared in the
last two centuries. All members of this line
are female singers, though their preferred
styles range from arias to punk rock. Until only
a few years ago, there were also male mem-
bers of this line, but all of them seem to hav
vanished under mysterious circumstances.
Some speculators assume that the D, them-
selves eliminated them — their reasons for
such a purge are completely unknown, of
course. Due to their extraordinary singing
abilities, it is often suspected that they derive
from the Clan of the Rose, but these abili-
ties can either drive the audience insane or
enchant them, which would suggest a rela-
tionship to the -*Clan of the Moon. All of
this is idle speculation, though, as nothing cer-
tain is known about their heritage. Like man
other bloodlines, they prefer independenc
and refrain from joining either -*Camarilla
or 'Sabbat. Although some members of the
D. have pledged alliance to either of these

»sects, it can be assumed that they did so
solely to acquire protection, as they typically
refrain from involving themselves in any kind
of politics.

* de Calinot, Elaine: Fourth Generation
»Tremere; member of the Council of
Seven. This French noblewoman from the
15th century monitors Africa for the > War-
locks and has experienced glorious successes
and terrible backlashes. Her area of influence
was created at the same time as Thomas

>Wyncham's and ~Abetorius's, and the
Tremere assumed they could start in the

ENcYCLOpseDIA VAMpyRICA

continent's northern, more civilized part and
move gradually southward, first along the
coasts, then into the interior. Early

>chantries had limited success, but when the
bloodthirsty Assamites appeared, most ad-
vantages the Tremere had gained were lost
again. The colonization by Europe in the
19th century proved to be a second chance.

The Tremere failed again whenever they
trusted European clan members. D.'s main
innovation was the controversial Embrace
of natives who displayed magical powers.
This plan proved promising but now seems
threatened by a recent development.

It is often difficult to contact D. in her

Algiers chantry, and persistent rumors claim

the councilor has behaved like an animal for

nights in a row and roamed the North Afri-
an deserts, howling like a wolf.

¢ de Cincao, Xavier: Fourth Generation

»Tremere; member of the -*Council of
Seven. D. is responsible for supervising South
America, Mexico and the Caribbean. His
achievements since attaining this position
are not trivial, but pale in comparison to
what >Meerlinda achieved in the north, and
it is said his envy is immeasurable. The >Fol-
lowers of Set and the -*Sabbat constantly
give him reason to worry, but not half as
much as the unknown, dark power lurking
somewhere deep within the Amazonian rain
forest. Although the source has never been


seen or identified, D. is absolutely sure it
exists and watches the Kindred all around
it. The extensive clearing of these woods by
fire is partly due to his wish to annihilate
this threatening presence.

A number of unusual factions helped D. in
this and in other efforts. Some Tremere whis-
per doubts about his loyalties.

* de Corazon, Rafael: Fifth Generation
*Toreador; *Spain 1154, #Spain 1182. Co-
founder of the >Camarilla. Childe of Callisti
*y Castillo. When the hordes of the >In-
quisition and ~ranarch legions had sur-
rounded the disparate, divided and indeci-
sive childer of the clans, his brilliant voice
tose above the omnipresent noise and united
us. D. urged the >Kindred ~elders in his
famous speech before the founding assembly
to "give up their direct ties to the mortal
world and retreat forever into shadows and
nightmares," and thus may be called the in-
tellectual father of the -*Masquerade.

# de Cosa, Simon: —-Brujah; generation un-
known. This Spanish Brujah is considered
especially wild. He fought --Doran for in-
fluence in Louisiana between 1713 and 1801.

¢ de Laigle, Alain: >Toreador. CV ete. un-
known. D., an especially handsome man,
once was a gifted sculptor; his almost nude
figures adorned the gardens in Paris and
Versailles. After the Embrace, he destroyed

his ~sire and fled to the Caribbean, where he
surrounded himself by a slave herd of 2,000
people. Until the modern nights, D. led his
unlife in the style of a lord of the manor and
received guests cordially. Tonight, he travels
from island to island in the most remote cor-
ners of the Caribbean. On these journeys, his
native ghouls transport him via canoe or
motor boat.

* de Polonia, Francisco Domingo: ~>Sabbat;
»cardinal of the Sabbat territories in the east-
ern U.S.; »Lasombra; #c. 1600. Upstart who
knows how to use the Lasombra Courts of
Blood to his ends skillfully. Responsible for
the Atlanta massacre, after which the city was
conquered in 1999, He cannot come to terms
with the --Camarilla's success in reclaiming
»New York. Hails from Spain. As a mortal,
he emigrated to Mexico, where the Lasombra
noticed the successful soldier and explorer. In
the following centuries, he was the only sur-
vivor of a >werewolf attack on Santa Fe. He
brought back important information on the
enemy's strategies that made him rise through
the ranks of the Lasombra and the Sabbat
peditiously. He always ascribed the fact that
he alone survived to his skills and luck, but
there are some who doubt that and accuse him
of conspiring with the enemy. D.'s most im-
portant trait is his cold blood, which rivals
that of the --Tzimisce. He can develop com-

plex strategies and implement them over
many decades.

¢ de Sforza, Adana: Sixth Generation

>Brujah; *Spain 1068, #1093. One of the
founders of the *Camarilla. D. was one of
the most eloquent advocates of the sect. She
has silver-blonde hair, an elfin appearance and
has preferred to wear men's clothing since the
close of the Middle Ages.

© de Vasquez, Redondo: Toreador who
wrote one of the most important essays on the
interaction of elders with their >childer in
the 12th century (see --Five Pillars of Power).

* Debate: Academic discussion between >el-
ders of the Learned Clan.

* Decamerone, Battista: Sixth Generation
»Gangrel; *Lecce (Italy) 1512, #Wampanoag

(Massachusetts) 1571. Childe of an unknown

Native American Kindred. Founder of the
*Kindred of Liberty.

* Decani: Word from ->Baali terminology
and other demonologies. Suggests a group of

ENc¥cLopsepiA VAMpYRICA

61


Devinkanga avd
Kazuaki... Vienna... Paris.
Chicago. Gounldsant... a0
Hloxe bastions of Caiite
eaaltuve aud scholarship i
the end ane westling, but pole
shadows ob the Stat Cty
Let's hace it Cas aag
Enocla glons ove! pore
ca goun once and bon aft

am far from doubling the Toner
Circle's decisions, but in thts
case, this 1s probably something
like awors! choice scenario, 7
Lave absolutely no clue how an
upstart like brother Anastasz
was able to claim such an office
when there would have been
numerous other promising can-
didales for the job, such as
Patrizia von Beraslein or
Ulugh Begh, to name jus! tao,
No wonder thal lhe opportunist
di Lagreb didn't show up when
we fought our war agains! the
Sabbat al the Gast Coast

Botd tatk fora high re-
ont of the Tremere with
tess than a century of
nntife under her belt.

pomitaily loll A]

pyosllll

/)
di Va YY Le /p

dangerous demons the Baali consort with to
cast the world into darkness.

© Dee, Dr. John: Fifth Generation >Tremere;
*1527, #1608. As one of the greatest sages of
his time, D. was well versed in mathematics,
astronomy, astrology, alchemy and several
other fields of knowledge. Like many schol-
ars of the time, D. corresponded with like-
minded individuals all over Europe. He had
traveled the whole continent, and an invite
tion to >Vienna in 1607 did not strike him
as odd. After his arrival there, the Tremere
made a world of knowledge and power acce
sible to him that he'd never dared to dream
of, and he willingly became part of it.

After his return to London, D. assembled a
group of apprentices he considered suited for
the Embrace, and he enlisted these appren-
tices to establish a chantry. The founding
of the chantry and its continuous growth
earned Prince -Mithras's attention. He
made it known that he'd always hated the fact
that his city's Tremere were bound to a coun-
cil of elders outside his sphere of influence.
He demanded that D. should foreswear
Vienna. D. did not obey this order, and soon
»witch-hunters supported by the government
pursued the Tremere and their mortal allies.
D. found himself forced to go underground.

Since then, the +-Ventrue and Tremere of

London have been in an arrested state of cold

war. After a century full of violence, D. re-

ceived an order from Vienna to stop the con

flict. Pawns were sacrificed, and the Tremere

made the Ventrue believe they had chased the
> Warlocks from the British Isles.

But then the Tremere began to subtly influ-
ence fringe groups of society that characte:
ized the Victorian Age's penchant for the oc-
cult. Such an enormous number of secret or-
ders, societies and solitary mystics operated
during that epoch that the Ventrue did not
know where to search for the Tremere.

Mithras decided to fight fire with fire and
founded his own secret society with the help
of a >Malkavian. It became popular but re-
pulsed the majority of the populace because
of its revolting practices. As the general en-
thusiasm for the occult waned very quickly at
the close of the Victorian Age, the Tremere
were forced underground again.

ExcycLopaepia VAMpYRICA

62

After Mithras's disappearance during WW
Il, both conflicting parties are nervous and
simply wait.

© Degenerates: Nickname of the ~Torea-

dor.

¢ Del'Roh: Title for the leader of the
Tal'mahe'Ra; first mentioned in the >Treaty
of Enoch. No one knows this individual's
identity.

¢ della Passaglia, Martino: Giovanni; he
is the only reason why the rest of the ~>*Kin-
dred in eastern Beijing can feel somewhat at
ease. This Giovanni may be a show-off, but
he has been residing in China's capital for a
very long time, long enough to shape a little
enclave of his own around the Peace Hotel,
to be exact. For the Kindred, he is the only
person to turn to in an otherwise very hos-
tile environment. Additionally, his black-
market contacts are good enough to scrounge
up anything an undead heart may desire.

* Dementation: D., Clan ~>Malkavian's
special heirloom, lends those who possess it
the power to infect a victim with their mad-
ness and drag it into their fractured world.
D. users do not have to be mad themselves
— at least not initially — but it definitely
helps. It is especially unsettling that D.
doesn't necessarily seem to plunge its vic-
tims into previously nonexistent madness. It
rather uncovers the madness that lurks in any
mind, according to the Malkavians, and
makes it obvious.

© Derinkuyu: This subterranean city was a

>haven and a place of teaching and learn-
ing for the ->Cappadocians of antiquity.
Here, they sheltered many early Christians
when the Romans persecuted them, to teach
them the Christian doctrine. Thus, the
Cappadocians played an important role in
the expansion of Christianity. In the end,
though, the population of -Caine's childer
grew so that almost no kine wanted to live
in D. +Cappadocius himself, who probably
spent a lot of time in D., ended his clan's
efforts in a most drastic manner. ~Kaymakli.

© Dhampyre: Child of a mortal anda —Kin-
dred. What seemed impossible for millenniz
obviously becomes a terrible truth in the Fi-
nal Nights. Has our Dark Father's >blood
really become that thin that it is now pos-
sible for the youngest of the young Kindred


to sire progeny as they may have done in
life instead of passing on the ~Embrace?

© di Zagreb, Anastasz: Ninth Generation

Tremere; *Zagreb 1847, #London 1867.

»Justicar since 1998. D. was born the son of
awealthy fabric merchant and grew up with
all the commodities that money and pres-
tige can bring. His father, a simple, practical
man who saw his son's "delusions" as detri-
mental for his development, sent away D.'s
nurse as an immediate measure because she
had acquainted him with numerous legends
and "fairy tales." Later on, he sent D. to En-
gland to study.

In his first year in Oxford, D. met an aging
stage magician in a pub and learned some
tricks from him. After getting his degree at
Oxford, he went to the London School of
Economics. There, he was again enraptured
by the world he'd left behind as a youth. He
stumbled across a hunting +Kindred and at-
tacked him with flash powder that he car-
tied in case he had to improvise some stage
tricks. The next evening, he told the other
members of the Magical Circle of London of
his adventures, but they scorned him and
proposed to him to publish his stories as a
penny dreadful.

When D. arrived at home, his ~sire Claas
»Drescher was already waiting for him. He
spent the night explaining to D. what real

magic — blood magic — was and how an il-
lustrious group similar to the Magical Circle
had decided to become real sorcerers and had
found a way to exchange their mortal shells
for immortality. After hearing this, D. ac-
cepted the Embrace willingly and spent the
next 25 years in the Vienna chantry, where
he got to know the conditions of his new state
of existence and discovered his
thaumaturgical potential. When Karl

*Schreckt was elected Tremere Justicar in
1900, he made D, one of his -rarchons. D.
gained prominence as an authority in occult
issues, and his open, affable demeanor and
willingness to help made him one of the most
important integrative figures in the Tremere's
dealings with other clans.

In 1998, when it was time to elect a new
justicar, the Tremere were divided. Karl
Schreckt wanted to stay in office, >Ulugh
Begh wanted to replace him, and thus, D.
became the compromise.

Now he finds himself in a position he was not
ready for and eagerly tries to prove worthy of
it. D. knows that many members of the

>»Camarilla and even of his own clan con-
sider him too inexperienced and weak and has
decided to prove to everyone that he knows
how to act as a justicar.

* Dia de los Muertes: >Sabbat holiday. Takes
place on the night of October 31 (Hallow-
een) in Barcelona each year. On this night,
social rules and conventions have no mean-
ing, and neither have clan nor political opin-
ion. The celebration reaches dimensions simi-
lar to the -Lasombra's ~>Palla Grande that
takes place at the same time. There are two
indispensable parts: a great costume contest
and the coronation of the Prince of Vampires.
The latter means that a mortal is*Embraced
early in the evening. The person is named
Prince of Vampires of all of Europe and can
do as he or she pleases. The next morning,
however, he or she is staked and left to the
sun's rays. An invitation to this celebration is
considered a great honor.

* Diablerie:

¢ Diamond, John: Fifth Generation

> Tremere; Pontifex. D. is probably the most
powerful Tremere born in North America. He
was ~Embraced by Meerlinda herself
shortly after she'd arrived in the U.S. D. was
born in Massachusetts, and everyone knew he

»Amaranth.

C¥CLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA.

Butt I guess tia is ior
ply obsiousl some tive
im the past Tjulak
must Love Mlougltered
am enemy who Wak Oc
wore
Haw be avd whe pxt a
wiglhy cane ow lim
bebone be expined... ow
other Kindned ubose bate
wal? seal ttxell, soo.


nu can't be serious!
These vain peacecks,
Jorahinn and Isadorar
haven't done anything bt
all the time of their exist
ence other than shoving
ivory pieces around on A
chessboard. Chess truly
is the game of kings, but
too munch is too much. Jf
deft to my down devices, "
wontld not even mention
the tevo of them. But
surely ney sire had fu
iyith them... Maybe you
piwed them a Cittle favor,
dear Bindusarat

$ was a "wizard." The inhabitants of his home-
town often turned to him to resolve myster-
ies and petty crimes. Meerlinda recognized his
potential, sought him out and took him into
the --clan. D. is responsible for supervision
of North American industry and economics
as they relate to the occult and resides in a

»chantry in Connecticut, but he also very
often visits the New York chantry.

* Dionysian, the: Ancient ~Kindred and
one of the mysterious elders of >Clan

»Malkavian. Rumor has it he is incredibly
powerful and over 3000 years old. Referring
to his name, some claim he is a son of Dionysus
and has been granted divine madness by this
god of drunken revel. His ties to the "good
folk" reportedly allow him to retreat to a safe
haven in the land of the fae, where he is free
from danger, far away from the physical world
in the land of eternal twilight.

If you trust the legends surrounding this Kin-
dred, he works toward the ascension of all
Malkavians and has helped many —>neonates
to survive the hardships of their mind slowly
succumbing to madness. It is assumed that he
searches for one or several Malkavians who
can lead the clan to ascension. He sees the
Malkavians as the secret power that can bring
back the "idylls of the mythic
world.

age" to our

* Discipline: All Kindred have the poten-
tial to practice D.s, supernatural powers
granted by the Embrace. D.s give powers
unknown to mortals to the Kindred. Every D.
grants one ability. Some bring great strength,
allow the change of a whole room full of
strong-willed victims into slaves or enable the

user to shapeshift into an animal. Elders who
have not only learned but also mastered sev-
eral D.s are beings to be feared

No Kindred knows exactly where the D.s
come from. Some Kindred claim D.s are gifts
from Caine or >Lilith, the +Datk Mother;
others believe them to be inborn natural pow-
ers inherent to the undead body. In any event,
the command of D.s enables a Kindred more
than any other factor to play a part in the
>Jyhad and survive to tell the tale.

* Divan: Council of the -viziers, the leaders
of the Tal'mahe'ra. The council regularly
meets with the Del'Roh to decide upon sect
matters and charter courses of action.

ENc¥cLOpaepIA VAMpYRICA

64

¢ Djuhah: Member of the Seraphim, the
leading body of the Black Hand, a faction
within the ~Sabbat. ->Assamite ~-antitribu.
Was an able and courageous fighter already
as a mortal when the Byzantines warred
against the Turks. This earned him the at-
tention of the Assamites, who made him
their ghoul after several cruel tests. Later,
D. was ~Embraced. Because of the tortures
he has suffered as a ghoul, D. tends to have
fits of extreme violence and sweats blood
when he feels threatened. Founded the -col-
umns, permanent packs consisting only of
Black Hand members — but nobody knows
why. Additionally, people close to him have
been noticing strange changes in him for
some months now — his power seems to seep
from him. It is unknown whether this is a
late result of the Assamite torture or whether
D. is the victim of a strange curse.

* Dog: 1. Derogatory term for Lupine.
2. Term for a carrier of infectious diseases,
presumably from "plague dog."

© Domain: An area claimed by a Kindred
as her own territory. Even if only the most
powerful -Cainites claim whole regions as
their D., most Kindred claim small personal
areas of influence for themselves. Of course,
many ~princes allow Kindred to see only
their >haven and its immediate surround-
ings as their D.


Kindred's D. is their autonomous "turf? —
the castle in which they are kings. This
doesn't mean that they control the D. or have
a vested interest in it; it is only nominally
their home. Other Cainites wanting to visit
livin clstoniselly have coas.forcenmistton:

Few young Kindred claim anything besides
their haven as their D.; elders often claim
the cities' most important areas of influence.
This is an ever-recurring issue of debate for
many cities' Kindred, since the growing num-
ber of undead has to cope with dwindling
resources that the finite areas they spend
their unlife in have to offer.

* Dominate: The -*Discipline D. is used to
influence others' mind and actions. The user
forces parts of his will onto the victims. The
extent to which it is possible to D. a subject
depends on how well you have mastered this
Discipline. D. is one of the most powerful
Disciplines but can be exhausting and hard
to apply. --Cainites with D. often liked to
tule others even before they were ~Em-
braced.

* Dominique: -Ventrue; she belonged to
the many who were supposed to be destroyed
in their sires' names in the fight against
the Inquisition, but she escaped and joined
the anarchs first and later the --Sabbat.
Driven by an almost pathological urge for
personal freedom, she helped the budding
sect to recruit the >ghoul families; addition-
ally, she was an expert tactician but refused
to plot the Camarilla's destruction. It
seemed that higher-ranking sect members
believed her tactical genius was enough to
do that, for her refusal drew quite some at-
tention in the Sabbat's ranks. Since then,
D. has made it clear that she does not fight
the Camarilla in itself, but the practice of
the blood bond.

* Domitor: The master of a
ing and ordering him/her.

>ghoul; feed-

* Don Ibrahim: Famous chess master from
the ranks of the -Lasombra. Regularly holds
chess games with Kindred as pieces.

* Don Miguel: Famous mentor and peda-

gogue from the ranks of the Night Clan.
Taught numerous ~neonates of the clan
their duties and helped them to "live up to"
their new form of existence.

* Dona Isadora: Famous chess player from
the ranks of the *Lasombra. Often opponent
of >Don Ibrahim.

© Doran: ~Ventrue; generation unknown;
France 1455, #France 1471. Childe of
*Gaius Marcellus: Young philosopher inter:
ested in the desires and urges of the people
and in ~Carthage. After the Embrace he
turned to the studies of Kindred social struc-
tures. Settled in Louisiana around 1700. Mur-

dered in *New Orleans in 1955.

* Dorfman, Peter: Seventh Generation
> Tremere; *1662, #1700. -»Pontifex. D. has
his own chantry in Washington, D.C. ,
the seat of the U.S. government, where he
influences politicians, the media, etc. He is
often overestimated with the ability to ma-
nipulate the outcome of any vote in the U.S.
and Canada. He has numerous contacts in the
federal government and even has the ear of
several global leaders. Some even say his su-
perior ~*Meerlinda had been ordered by the
Council of Seven to keep an eye on him.
The Tremere in his chantry are handpicked,
and all of them are political prodigies. D. is
always surrounded by a number of ghouls
who belonged to various government agen-
cies before their first contact with the >Kin-
dred. After the --Sabbat attack on Washing-
ton, D.'s chantry was the ~Camarilla's last
bastion in one of the most important cities of
the world as far as Kindred are concerned.

ENC¥CLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

65


a: DanorsAatéam geferting 8. possible or
former source of blood, usually a mortal.

© Draba: A ~-Ravnos term taken from the
language or the Rroma, referring to talismans

and other objects of power.

Dracon: Member of the Shaper Clan; prob-
ably the most mysterious Methuselah of the
> Trinity of Constantinople > Antonius
and ~>Michael were part of as well. Through
his love for Michael and Michael's dream, he
not only came into a conflict with the
*Ventrue Methuselah Antonius that took
centuries to resolve, his support for the B
antine Empire also made a significant faction
of the +Fiends his and his Obertus Tzimisce's
enemies, which finally led to the Obertus
Tzimisce's extinction by their own clan's
hand. D. not only survived the extinction of
his line, but is also the only member of the
Trinity to survive the centuries until the Fi-
nal Nights. What he has planned these nights,
where his influence can be felt and where he
resides are as unknown as his origins proper.

© Dracul, Vlad: Transylvanian voivode; his
name means "the dragon." D. was the mortal
father of Vlad Tepes.

ENcyCLopsepIA VAMpYRICA

* Drakonskyr: Demon summoned by
>Lantla into her own body. He forged the
>*Sword of Nuln for her. Later'on, he took

control of her body, destroyed >Urlon of

Uruk and ravaged Ur. Then, he retreated

from Lantla's mind, but she bound him into

her body for all time and thus became
>Tiamat.

¢ Du'at: The three eldest of ~Clan
>Assamite— the Caliph, the Vizier and
the Amr — the ~Old Man of the
Mountain's most trusted advisors.

© Ductus: Title of the ~Sabbat's pack lead-
ers.

© Dunsirn: One of the small families that
have been absorbed into the Giovanni
family and clan over the century. The
members of the D. family hail from Scotland
and tend to be cannibals.

© Dysos: Sixth Generation >-Brujah; *Ath-
ens 338 B.C, #Athens 318 B.C., +Carthage
146 B.C. D. is the sire of +Cocceius.


© Ba Adapa: Member of the -Kingship
Clan; the historian. Almost no member of
our esteemed bloodline has impressed me
more than this petite and unassuming
woman. E. was one of the great explorers of
our early history and has maintained for a
long time that the Kingship Clan needed to
play its role as lorekeeper of the childer of
~Caine again. But she could not defend this
opinion against Camilla and his Eternal
Senate, and for the good of all, the > Ventrue
took the lead role among the undead. E. has
probably been destroyed, but at least in my
memory, she will live forever. | am eternally
grateful. There is no other Kindred I was
able to learn more from.

* Eagle's Nest:
>Alamut.

Assamite fortress;

* Echidna: Probably member of the Clan
of the Hidden; the mother of decay, as she is
also called, is one of the fabled >Nictuku.

* Eden: The paradise of the Old Testament.
The land where Adam (1), Eve, Caine
and Abel first resided.

© Eigermann, Erik: Fourth Generation
member of the >Kingship Clan. CV un-
known. First known Kindred in the area
of modern Berlin, which was very sparsely
populated in the Dark Medieval era. Hunted
down and badly wounded by Karl
~Schreckt, then a demon hunter from
Vienna, in 1140. Probably in torpor under
Berlin since then.

© Elder: Every -*Cainite who can look back
on 300+ years of undead existence can claim
this title. Many E.s mistakenly believe them-
selves to be invincible, leave the paths they

once chose as mortals and lose themselves in
their own schemes and intrigues.

¢ Elihu: Member of the *Kingship Clan; the
»Methuselah who was known under the Ro-
man name of Elias Andronicus led a rather
quiet unlife even at the time of the empire,
though it is clear that he was a sophisticated
statesman with an extraordinary sense of jus-
tice. He is the >sire of Rebekah and pre-
sumably one of the founding members of the
»Inconnu — and he has been destroyed.

° Elite: Tremere secret society. This fac-
tion is very tightly structured and secretive.
Its members follow the mysterious society's
leaders' orders and secretly work against the
goals of other Kindred, uncover them, fe
ret out their+havens and feed the Inquisi-
tion and other hunters with information. It is
generally assumed that the E. secretly devel
oped a number of magical gadgets that help
them to hunt down and destroy other Kin-
dred, among them charms that can find sleep-
ing Kindred, and specially treated stakes that
can bring about the Final Death.

* Elois: Sobriquet of the >True Brujah

* Elysian Fields: -Sabbat term for graveyards
and other places of the dead.

¢ Elysium: Although most young ~Kindred
regard the tradition of E.
custom, it is generally one of the more com-

as a useless, outlived

monly respected ~>Cainite institutions. A

»prince can declare parts of his domain E.
at whim so they become places where violenc
is forbidden. Many Kindred come here to fill
their nights with political debates or society
events. In many cases, however, it is a play:
ground for the elders, and the young who
dare to come here are expected to remember
that fact.

The E. is assumed to be under the Pax
Vampirica, which means there can be no vio-
lence at all and the E. is a neutral meeting
point. If things get out of hand at the E., the
tespective domain's prince can punish the
perpetrator at any time, referring to the First
Tradition,

Most locations declared E. usually serve artis-
tic or intellectual purposes, which means they
are opera houses, theaters, museums, galler-
ies, assembly halls, etc. Sometimes, even
nightclubs or a specific Kindred's >haven are
declared E.

ExcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

67

££? Gopeialy, owogar™
Histabenly? Oopeciany O°
abe a oe off more
fd
than they can chert here


; ae
* peak ® toss Toto
ob eatove soul

ee
«ee to
Foi to tan *

i

The rules of: E! are very simple: 1. No vio-
lence in the E. 2. By threat of Final Death
it is forbidden to destroy or damage objects of
art. 3. The E. is neutral ground. 4. In the E.,
the Masquerade must be upheld at all times.

¢ Embrace: The act of turning a mortal into
a ~Kindred. The mortal is drained of all of
his +blood, which is replaced by a small
amount of the ~sire's.

¢ Encyclopedia Hemovoria: The "Encyclo-

pedia of Blood Drinkers," a lexicon by the
»Malkavian ->Trimeggian that is especially

brilliant for its description of the different
»Disciplines.

¢ En'esh: Old name for >Enoch (1).

¢ Enkidu: Member of the Clan of the Beast;
one of the more prominent ->Methuselahs of
the clan‘ whose name is known to many
younger members of the — arilla, as he
has been put on the >Red List by his own
clan and numbers among the few who have
been on the list for quite a while. E. is terrible
to behold, as the Beast and the -Gangrel
curse have taken their toll on this ancient clan
member. The Camarilla now hunts him for a
series of crimes, the main points of accusa-
tion being several violations of the Sixth Tra-
dition and ->Amaranth

© Ennoia: If you want to believe the ancient

»Raynos legends, E. is Ravnos's childe, cursed
by Caine for betraying her >sire, which
made her the first >Gangrel. The truth of this
usually very well-told story is questionable,
though, partly because it describes Ravnos as
our -*Dark Father's favorite childe, which
would make him a member of the Second
Generation. Nevertheless, some myths of the

>Clan of the Beast refer to a female founder,
so E. might really have been the first Gangrel.

* Enoch: 1. The First City, which must
have located' somewhere in
Mesopotamia. However, there is no proof on
this side of the shroud that it actually ex-
isted, which probably is the case because it
was on the decline even before the first Flood.
But members of the Tal'mahe'Ra claimed they
had found its counterpart in the wraiths'

»Shadowlands. Because of the relatively ex-
act geographical description and the special
architectural features I was told of by a sect
member, I tend to believe this place in the
Shadowlands was really E., the First City, or
maybe a twisted image of it. But I never had

been

ExcycLopepia VAMpYRICA

68

the chance to visit the place in person to
check on the ~Nagaraja's strange words. —
2. ~Caine's first childe. Architect of E. (1)
who was destroyed by the hand of the Third
Generation when the First City fell.

* Enochean: Inhabitant of Enoch (1), or
the language spoken therein; sometimes
known also as Enochian.

Enrathi: The -rrevenants of the E. family
had the questionable reputation of being
slavers catering to the -Kindreds' special
needs in the Dark Ages already. Somewhere
on the way to more wealth and influence
they stumbled across their mythical benefac-
tor who made the family members revenants.
Even in the Final Nights, they abduct mor-
tals — mostly children — to sate the per-
verted desires of their undead customers.

SEphraim: Seventh Generarion'memberce
the Clan of the Hidden; *Jerusalem 770
B.C., #Jerusalem 722 B.C. E. was the first
mortal to be Embraced by ~Kothar shortly
after the conquest by the Assyrians. When
Jerusalem fellito the Assyriansiand Solortian's
temple was defiled, E. lost all hope. But soont
he learnt to hide his deformities far better
than did his sire and thus became Kothar's
most trusted watcher. In 1195, E. created for
himself the identityef che merthant Michasl
ben David, who had come to Jerusalem from
an tinknown place in the south and special-

Piatt deeds G6 pitesce arid religious bbe


Over the years, E. met many of the
city's old —-Cainites, but he is not in regular
contact with any of them. Meanwhile, he
operates in Jerusalem under the name of E.
Goldstein, immigrant from the U.S. who
Studies medical history and makes related
excavations in Hinnom.

® Erciyes: On top of this Turkish mountain
lies a ruined monastery that once was home
to the heart of a whole ~clan, the
>Cappadocians. Here, ~Cappadocius him-
self had a +haven when he was not travel-
ing. Here, Augustus Giovanni was -Em-
braced, and here the members of the former
»Clan of Death hoarded their considerable
knowledge. I once had a chance to visit the
giant halls where countless platinum, stone
and clay tablets; books and papyrus and
parchment scrolls were collected. The Clan
of Death's library contained the most com-
plete collection of the -*Book of Nod and
numerous arcane writings that were lost
when the Giovanni burnt down the library.

* Erciyes Fragments: Medieval text collec-
tion by the +Cappadocian Fra Niccolo, who
followed an invitation to a monastery where
he found fragments of the Book of Nod in
a language that had been dead for a millen-
nium. He transcribed these fragments and
collected them as the E.

* Erianthe: Member of the -*Moon Clan;
the oracle of Knossos. The ruined palaces of
Crete surely are not the reason for visits from
several childer of Caine, who search the
long-forgotten ruins! A childe of >Malkav
whom many know only as "the oracle" shares
her prophetic dreams with those who find
her, bring her gifts and treat her with respect.
But often the insight of the Moon Clan is
necessary to understand her divinations be-
fore they come true. Here's a warning to all
those who wish her evil: the oracle is pro-
teoted by'a pack of -Lupines who consider
her sacred.

© Esau: The other personality of the tor-
mented ~Malkavian Jacob.

© Esbat: Weekly meeting of a nomadic or
founded pack. Central to the E.s are dis-
cussions of events that affect the pack as well
as the —-auctoritas and —rignobilis ritae.

© Eternal Night: Poetic term for -Gehenna
from the Book of Nod

¢ Etheria: Sixth Generation member of the

»Learned Clan; *360, #395. Spaniard who

converted to Christianity at an early age.
Abbess at the age of 18; pilgrimage to ->Jerusa-
lem. Knowing the value of historical records,
she wrote many letters and a diary about the
numerous rites and rituals she saw there. Was

»Embraced by an unknown member of the
Learned Clan in Jerusalem in 395. Retreated
to a nunnery and influenced the city's Chris-
tians from there. During the terrible carnage
of the First Crusade, E. hid several inites
from Jerusalem who still owe her favors,
among them ->Adam (2) from the Clan of
Death, who, in exchange for her shelter, sup-
ported ->Bonifatius in his struggles against

>Azif. E. still exists and resides in Bethlehem.
Every year she comes to Jerusalem for Easter
and Pentecost.

© Etrius: Fourth Generation member of the

>Clan of Warlocks; *989, #1022; member of
the Council of Seven.-E. as'supposed to be
Tremere's most faithful servant and a found-
ing member of the Order of Hermes. As
councilor, he is responsible for vast areas of
eastern Europe these nights. His haven is the

>chantry of Huse and >Clan Tremere in

>Vienna, where he is responsible for the tor-
pid clan founder's sécurity.. His work-as a
founding member of the ~Camarilla was
maybe his greatest historical feat. Addition-
ally, he helped formulate the first draft of the

ExcyctopseDiA VAMPYRICA


Six Traditions. ~Goratrix, the renegade
» Warlock converted to the *Sabbat, is con-
sidered E.'s greatest adversary.

¢ Eve: ~Adam's third wife. Mother of
»Caine, our Dark Father, of Abel and
»Seth.

Eye of the Serpent: One of the most secre-
tive > Tremere secret societies; seems to exist
only in rumors but is supposed to have devel-
oped a lot of rituals connected to snakes and
their abilities.

¢ Ezekiel: Eighth Generation Serpent of

the Light; *Montreal 1965, «Montreal 1981.

One of the Sabbat leaders there. *Ductus

of a pack called 25:17 consisting only of
>Black Hand members.

When -*Sangris was publicly sentenced for
infernalism by the —>Sabbat Inquisition, he
knew that only his childe E. would be able to
save his soul. High-ranking officials had taken
part in his >Creation Rites, and when E. rose
in the night after they had interred him, he
was completely changed. He spent his early
years as a Cainite studying the Sabbat ways
and the Cainites' history under the tutelage

EncycLopsepia VaMpyRIca

70

of learned Sabbat members. Later on, as a
Black Hand member, E. went on several sui-
cide missions and made a name for himself
as a good fighter and skilled leader. Among
these missions was a trip to >Chicago in
1990-91, where he took part in the Sabbat-
Camarilla-Lupine war. At that time, his in-
timate knowledge of what happened in his
hometown suffered somewhat.

Sangris's treachery hurt E. significantly, but
in the end he recognized that his ->sire had
fallen only due to the Sabbat's momentary
weakness. Ever since, he has been trying to
help the sect regain its former power.

© Ezmeralda: Member of the -*Wanderer
Clan; although it is questionable if this
woman ever existed, she embodies all that is
Rroma or Ravnos; beauty, dark hair, dark
eyes, cleverness and wits. In every tale, ev-
ery story and legend she is always victorious.
And as it is with legends, she is attributed
unbelievable deeds and abilities the sheer
number of which I cannot quote here for the
constraint of space. But especially we >Kin-
dred know that legends, as absurd as the
might be, often contain at least a grain of
truth.

© Ezuli: -rSetite. For Haiti's mortal popu-
lace, she is the goddess of love and of the
moon; for her sire *Ghede she is probably
rather a little hellion whom he'd very much
like to squash. She followed her sire's call to
the Caribbean, where she established the first
temple of -rSet, as he had ordered her to pave
the way for many more Setites who'd come
to the islands. Over the next 50 years, she
managed to surround herself with a righteous
crowd of followers and thus became one of
the most influential beings on the island, in
spite of her young age. Since most of her fol-
lowers came from her sire's camp, the two of
them couldn't help but become adversarie:
In the last two centuries, E. has slowly ey
panded her power base, and her cult has
gained more worshippers. She seems to be-
lieve that her sire has forgotten or forgiven
her rebellion since she hasn't met him for
many years. I doubt this is true. Neverthe-
less, E. has become known far beyond the
Haitian borders, and many Serpents come
to see her to pay her respect.


© Faeries: The "good folk" of legend, as-
cribed an alien supernatural existence be-
tween our world and one of their own.

* Fanchon, Mistress: Sixth Generation
member of the -*Clan of Warlocks; *1186,
#1223. Attractive, mature woman in her late
30s with fair skin and ice-green eyes. Dresses
in simple black robes; her long, dark hair is
curly. E. is one of the -*Founders of the
=Camarilla.

© Farmer: Young ->Kindred who feeds from
animals (for whatever reason). This practice
will.quench the Kindred's thirst only tem-
porarily, though, for the blood of lesser
beings is not nourishing enough to cater to
the needs of Kindred.

© Father Iago: Sixth Generation
~Malkavian; *Sienna 1038, #Florence 1077.
Spent his mortal life after his ordination as
personal confessor of the Italian countess
Mathilda. Childe of Antoine +LeFanu.
After his +Embrace his madness worsened
bit by bit until he donned the name of
Lazarus. In the modern nights, he travels
through America preaching heretic sermons.
Occasionally, he goes by the simple moni-
ker of "James."

© Femur of Toomler: Magical artifact of
the >Sabbat in possession of the >Clan of
Shapers. Toomler was an ancient and
mighty ~Tzimisce of the Fourth Genera-
tion who had mastered > Vicissitude. After
his destruction the --Fiends acquired it and
used it to great effect in their war against
the +Warlocks. The FE is rumored to cause
horrible wounds even when used against
other Kindred.

¢ Feroux, Baron Thomas: Seventh Genera-
tion member of the Clan of the Beast;
former leader of >Constantinople's +Gangrel
family at the time of the -Trinity. The
Gangrel belonged to the family of the

»Obertus Tzimisce and had dedicated them-
selves to protecting the city. But the baron
could not prevent its destruction by the cru-
saders. He dragged himself from the ruins and
possibly joined the +Inconnu.

© Ferox: Gargoyle. Fis not only one of the
few free members of his +bloodline, he even
belongs to those who led the bloodline to free-
dom in revolt. But this is not why the Gar-
goyle ison the +Red List of > Anathema. He
earned his place onthe list because his mind
is plagued by madness and visions that make
him believe all members of Clan

»Nosferatu are demons to be destroyed. This
impressive giant's most powerful weapon is not
his sheer strength, but his True Faith that is
said to be strong enough to have Kindred
who oppose him go down in flames.

* Festivo dello Estinto: "Feast of the Dead,"
a grand celebration held in --Sabbat cities in
the second week of April. All founded packs
take part in the celebration, as well as all no-
madic ones that can make it.

© Fida'i: Title for the youngest members of
»Clan ~Assamite during their period of
training at >Alamut.

¢ Fief: A sarcastic term from young

>Kindreds' argot for the domain of a~>clan
or prince. In some places, this usage is not
sarcastic at all but traditional, such as Ireland.

* Fiends: Nickname of the ~Tzimisce.

* Final Death: A

destruction.

>Kindred's irrevocable

© Final Nights: The era prophesied in the

»Book of Nod immediately before
»Gehenna; marked among other things by
the appearance of the ~-thin-blooded

© Fire: One of the means to destroy a*Kin-
dred once and for all. All assumptions E was
as damaging to ~-Cainites because its purg-
ing flames eat a sinner's corrupt soul are to de
discarded as pure speculation. Supposedly,
some —-Sabbat have managed to overcome
this weakness, and the fabled state of highest
moral perfection called Golconda presum-
ably allows a Cainite to completely get rid of
his fear of R, too (-*Rétschreck).

ExcyctopseDIA VAMPYRICA
71


Faould bave slapped anyone
who would have called me
that. I think one of our hind
4as earned a miniwum of
respect from the beginning,
no matter how conceited our
elders are!

¢ Fire Court: The ~childe Methuselah

»Neferu claims this place of exotic and some-
times kinky pleasures where the knowledge
of dynasties past is collected. The >Setite's E
is a mystical place as well as a dangerous one,
but a visit can be very rewarding if you look
for answers no one else can give. But you have
to be ready to pay the price, which is often
more than it seems at first glance, like almost
anything related to the Serpents.

¢ Fire Dance: A ritual — or better: a wild
celebration — in which --Sabbat —Cainites
prove their loyalty and courage by jumping
through raging flames. Many Sabbat war ef-
forts and other events start with a E

City: Common name for Enoch.

¢ Five Pillars of Power: A treatise on the
interaction between elders and their —>prog-
eny penned by Redondo ~>de Vasquez in the
{2th century proposes to reward a =>childe
for faithful service, but also to stoke a certain
rivalry among one's childer to instigate them
to maximum performance. Stubborn childer
should be exposed to great dangers to be rid
of them without dirtying one's hands. If a
childe braves all dangers, it should be forced
into a blood bond according to this docu-
ment. De Vasquez also regards the Final
Death as. ant adequate means to solve prob
lems with hopeless childer.

Flaming Candle: Extraordinarily rare magic
item, probably fashioned by the ~Clan of
Warlocks. This candle is about 12 inches long,
magical, usually black and doesn't burn down
under normal circumstances. As soon as a
drop of >Kindred ~ vitae is dripped onto the
flame, though, it flares in magical light and
strikes terror in any Kindred's heart. Only the
Kindred whose vitae was used for the ritual of
fashioning the candle is immune to this ef-
fect. Any time it is invoked, the candle burns
shorter by 6 inches. The only way to make it
longer again is to rebuild it with 50 pounds of
cooking fat. If it's used twice without refresh-
ing it thus, it is used up and gone

* Fledgling: Term for a young, recently made
Kindred.

© Foccart, Marguerite: Ninth Generation
member of the Learned Clan; *Paris 1768
Further CV unknown. Before the Embrace,
she was an actress. In spite of her noble lin-
eage and her ties to the upper echelons of so-
ciety, her talent and her kind nature made her

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

popular with the common citizens as well.

»Childe of Robin >Leeland. >Sire of
Crispus Attucks (1770), Philip Henry Lord
Stanhope (19th century) and Steve Booth
(1965).

* Followers of Set: Independent clan. Due
to an embarrassing mix-up of etymology, oc-
casionally incorrectly called "E. of Seth." The

»Setites despise both ~*sects for various rea-
sons. The F claim to be heirs to a tradition
far older than the ~Sabbat and the

»Camarilla and laugh about the idea of put-
ting to rest their inherited tasks in the name
of a modern institution with practically no
chance to survive more than a few centu-
ries. Their dark faith's tenets supposedly go
back to the first nights of civilization, and
this philosophy is more important than
purely political questions. In the war between
the two great sects, they do not hesitate to
play the role of mercenaries, offering ambigu-
ous favors and immense knowledge to both
parties, but with a Setite, nothing comes for
free. Many elders consider these pacts with
the sand snakes as bad because they are afraid
that every agreement entered into brings the
Setites closer to their Antediluvian founder's
dark goal. Nevertheless, the serpents seem
to have a knack for knowing what others
need that only they can offer. Of course, they
jump to these occasions. In spite of the bias
against them, these traits do not keep the
sand snakes from continuously entertaining
"business relationships" with Kindred of
various other clans.

* Fortitude: Regardless of the fact that all

*Kindred possess a superb constitution and are
able to heal injuries of their undead bodies in-
credibly quickly, those +Cainites who have
mastered the ~-Discipline called E can with-
stand truly devastating physical damage with-
out concomitant trauma. ->Gangrel, -*Ravnos,
and Ventrue command this amazing power
of the >blood.

Founded Pack: A —>Sabbat pack that has
settled down in one town, not roaming the area
like a >nomadic pack.

© Founders: In 1394, representatives of sev-
eral clans met for the first time to talk about
how to deal with the ~ranarch revolt. It was.a
very difficult time for the childer of Caine,
probably even the most dangerous since the
end of the Pax Romana et Vampirica
(->Camilla). Princes, lords, doges, caliphs or


whatever they called themselves had overseen
their domains with an iron fist for the whole
Dark Medieval epoch. They thought everybody
else was just as greedy as they were, so they
locked themselves away in their castles and
Cities and trusted no one. The practice of -sir-
ing as many ~Kindred as possible and then
binding them through the ->blood that had
made them undead was far spread. There were
no minions more attentive, no fighters more
loyal, and the more you had, the merrier. That
worked perfectly for many, until the raging fires
of the >Inquisition were lit in Spain.
To save themselves and keep their power, the
elders sent their own progeny against the
Inquisitors, who came armed with fire and faith,
and numerous young childer were destroyed.
Most of you, esteemed readers, know what hap-
pened next. Under cover of unrest in mortal
society, the young --Cainites managed to cut
the ties that their sires had strengthened with
their blood for so long. First, they were only a
few, but almost two centuries later, their num-
bers had grown immensely, and not only in
Spain. The sons turned against their fathers.
The Anarch Movement was born.

The >Ventrue elders sent one of theirs to quell

the anarchs, and Hardestadt the Elder set off
to discuss the problem with the other clans'
fepresentatives. He found that only an organi-
zation with power that reached beyond single
cities and customs that would bind everyone
alike hada chance to stop the unrest. It was no
simple task to convince other Cainites of the
importance and meaning of such an organiza-
tion, because they feared they would lose their
Status as preeminent in their domains. But in
spite of all obstacles, the Ventrue managed to
convince representatives of all clans to gather
around a table at the beginning of the 14th
century, and Hardestadt's cold logic swayed the
Tepresentatives to form a council by which the
clans could present a united front against en-
emies without and within. When this was de-
cided upon, the group called itself the F.
Just one year later, the --Brujah >Tyler at-
tacked Hardestadt for the first time, which trig-
gered the climax of the Anarch Revolt. In spite
of the lengths they go to, the F's pleas fall on
deaf ears. Many clans decided then they wanted
nothing from such an organization. Only when
the=-Antediluvian —-Cappadocius was' de-
stroyed in 1444 and thus followed his brothers
>Lasombra and ->Tzimisce — mind you, the
Anarch Reyolt had cost the existence of three

supposed clan progenitors by then— the elders
were afraid enough to consent to an organiza-
tion to unite the clans. The groundwork was
laid, and six years later, the ~Camarilla was
formed and at once installed the first >justicars
to counter these numerous threats with all pos-
sible force.

The F had reached their goal, but the *coterie
did not dissolve then. It observed the ~sect's
interests and coordinated the struggle against
the Sabbat. Probably the Camarilla's first -In-
ner Circle consisted of the E, but it is unknown
how many of them retain this position these
nights. But even if they aren't part of that high-
est body of the sect anymore, their opinions and
wishes no doubt have a great influence on the
sect asa whole. The speakers for the clans among
the E were Hardestadt for the Kingship Clan,
Adana ~de Sforza for the Learned Clan, Mi-
los Petrenkoy for the +Clan of the Beast,
Camilla -»Banes for the Clan of the Moon,
Josef ->von Bauren for the Clan of the Hidden,
Rafael -»de Corazon for the Clan of the Rose
and Madame ->Fanchon for Clan Tremere.

© Frankfurt/Main: Largest city in Hess, one
of the most important German centers of trade,
industry, stock exchange and fairs; 635,000
inh.; Rhine Main airport, inland port; Goethe's
birth city; Church of St. Paul, Rémer, Cathe-
dral. (See the timeline for F's (Cainite) his-
tory.)

© Frenzy: The strict rules of the Camarilla
and the false camaraderie of the *Sabbat hide
a deeper truth: all Kindred are possessed of a

»Beast within. Although it is possible for us
to resist our basest urges like mortals do, some-
times we are overwhelmed by instinct. If such
is the case, Hunger and Beast become insur-
mountable and nothing is safe from our mind-
less rage. Elder Kindred refer to this state as
"succumbing to the Beast," whereas younger
ones plainly call it F During a F, Kindred liter-
ally — and in most ¢ unwillingly — give
in to the ferocious wiles of their predatory na-
ture. Hunger and wrath consume them and
they are unable — and under some circum-
stances even unwilling — to consider possible
outcomes of their actions. Friends, allies, en-
emies, lovers, ethics: all these things mean
nothing to a frenzied >Cainite. If hungry dur-
ing a F, he will drink from any person nearby
without any second thought about the well-
being of that vessel. If enraged, he will do all
that he can to destroy the reason for his fury.

ENc¥cLopa:DIA VAMPYRICA

73


TIMELINE: FRANKFURT

: The history of the region tonight called Rhine Main colloquially starts with

the end of the last Ice Age. Mortals lived as nomadic hunters and gatherers.
Their life is marked by continuous hardship.

.: For the first time, prehistoric farmers and herders compete with the nomads for

3000 B.C,

1000 B.C

400 B.C:

264 B.

their traditional hunting grounds. They adapt their new settled, productive
lifestyle from southeastern Europe and bring inventions like ceramics, drilling
and sanding techniques for their stone tools, house building, farming and herd
ing. With them an unknown ~ Kindred reaches the area, a daughter of

»Absimiliard. The flight from her domineering, vain ~sire had led her here.
She hopes to find a safe haven far from the ~+Firsr City and Absimiliard among
the few people of the time. Her powers to hide herself save her ftom the Final
Death. Butevery night, terrible pain tortures\her deathless heart. For nights,
she sits weepingat the Main's shores, and bloody tears darken the water and
the earth; She who once was beautiful has become grotesquely deformed over
night, cursed fora reason she doesn't know and doesn't understand, She feels
her sire's hatted, hears her sibling's angry-roar, knows they demand:her death.
She is lonely and terribly afraid.

»Angiwar, a mortal hunter, hears the Kindred's sobhing. Sympathy fills his
heart, and he'carefillly approaches the riverbank. There, hesces the most charm
ing Creature he has ever seen: Her weeping almost breaks his heart. Fearlessly
he approaches her. When she notices him, she.is terrified and wants to flee, but
his soft voice keeps her from doing so. He notices her blood-red tears but is not
afraid, and he shows sympathy and all-encompassing love. The ancient

»Nosferatu Embraces Angiwat.

Angiwar goes to Nineveh after his sire has left him, There, he makes an enemy
in >Inanna.
Angiwar returns.

Driven by his search for knowledge and his love, Angiwar supports a tribe of
+Lupines wanting to expand southward.
First Punic War; Inanna offers Camilla her aid. Angiwar develops the Rhine
Main area. Later, he goes south again to support his ally +Mardan in the insur
rection of the Boians and Insubrians. Mardan flees east when Inanna awakens
the ~-Beast in him.
Inanna finally manages to lead the Romans to war again: the ground trembles
under the Roman legions' boots when they scatter Angiwar's mortal allies and
conquer the Taunus area. Angiwar flees north and allies with the Allemans.
Allemans under Angiwar's leadership destroy the city of Vikus Nida, where
Inanna's haven is. Inanna sinks into torpor, and peace returns to the region.
Supported by the *Lasombra, the +Choeur Céleste achieves its greatest
victory. Christianity becomes the state's religion, and all pagan cults are forbid-
den. Suddenly, Angiwar is not a god anymore, but a demon; he reacts by
retreating and becomes "the invisible one."
Daring an imperial assembly at the Franconian court on F's Cathedral Hill
called by Charlemagne that lasted six months, "Franconofurd" (today called F/
Main) is first mentioned. With Angiwar's patronage, the Franconian court
develops into a palatinate that becomes the residence of the eastern Franconian
Carolingians.

BR' fair is first mentioned in an official document.

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

74


The German lords elect Frederick I as king in F, hoping to finally settle the
conflict between the Staufer line and the Guelphs in doing so. Angiwar him
self supports "red beard's" election.

»Barbarossa's coronation as emperor in -*Rome. Julia >Antasia, a ->Ventrue,
makes him her vassal.

As an.example of his authority, Barbarossa destroys Milan.

The Guelph Henry the Lion refuses to submit to Barbarossa's authority‘on the

fifth Lealian campaign; the imperial army is defeated at Legnano when fighting

the Union of Lombard Cities. Julia Antasia and Angiwar prevent the worst in

alast-ditch effort when Inanna, who has woken from torpor, influences the

Guelphs and almost causes Frederick's death.

At Worms, Barbarossa takes on the eross at the age of 68 and leads the Third

Crusade according to his idea of the emperor's universal responsibility, Julia

Antasia accompanies her vassal to lead the attack 6n the >Setites, her actual

teason for following the Crusade. At Ikonion, the emperor "drowns" after a

glorious victory. The corpse is never found. Probably Julia Antasia Embraces

him.

Teutonic Knights establish a chapter house in the suburb of Sachsenhausen

and in doing so, invite a radical faction of Christian mages in.

The city's artisans gain a seat on the city council of F

First meeting between all -*clans inhabiting F; to eliminate the anarch prob

lem, Angiwar ptoposes to his own clan the idea of a ->sect uniting several clans

and thus offering better protection against internal and external enemies.

Reformers protest against majority votes in matters of faith.

Vinzenz ~>von Stalburg declares himself ->prince. Ruthlessly, he uses his ties to

his clan's elders and the Teutonic Knights to make F a fief of Clan Ventrue.

Afterward; he declares war on the other supernatural beings.

Led by von Stalburg, E joins the Reformation to show the weakened Christian

mages who really holds power within the city.

The fair becomes the E stock exchange; conflicts between Clan Ventrue, the
»Giovanni family and the city's. +Lupines who are organized in guilds ensue.

Seven archons from Clan Ventrue overthrow von Stalburg and put one of their

own in the prince's position, The new prince calls himself Barbarossa.

French troops conquer the city, and the ->Toreador Cecille becomes new prince

of the fief. The former prince becomes Ventrue primogen.

Ahjan Shakkar, a childe of Angiwar, unexpectedly shows up in , leaves a

childe behind — Meyer Amschel -*Rothschild — and vanishes again.

Cecille disappears; the city is once again in the firm grip of the former prince,

and F's citizens swear by the new "Constitution of the Free City of E"

Students' revolutionary efforts thwarted.

Deeply moved by the >kine's libertarian ideas, the prince uses all his influence
to have an assembly decided upon by 51 democrats in Heidelberg, the so-called
preparliament, take place in F. A cry for freedom arises amidst the populace as
street fighting occurs in Vienna. In response to upheaval in Berlin, King
Frederick Wilhelm IV calls back the troops; to save his own unlife, Gustay
~Breidenstein has to leave the city. The National Assembly, the Parliament of
St. Paul, meets for the first time; numerous Kindred fear Barbarossa could influ
ence the parliament's members too heavily.

Lords' Assembly dissolved. First German parliament dissolved. Lords'
bly reestablished.

ENcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA
75


With Breidenstein's influence, Prussia conquers F Carl Fellner, last Mayor of
the Free City of E, commits suicide rather than bearing the loss of his civil
rights.
Constitution of the Northern German Union, influenced by decisions of the
Parliament of St. Paul on the electoral rights and the basic rights of the Ger
man people.

Imperial constitution; heavily influenced by the Parliament of St. Paul.
Mardan's return. Burning with rage as he sees what has become of his home
land, he influences the region's ->Gangrel until one after another gives in to
the Beast and kills several kine in-senseless frenzy,

/As everywhere in Germany, thé unidns and workers' parties declare a general
strike with the support of Barbarossa and the Brujah after reactionary politi
cians and nationalist military led by Kapp have usurped the power.

E bombings start.

AlLout aerial attack completely destroys downtown E

End of E bombings.

Currency reform becomes effective.

The capital question is discussed anew when the SPIEGEL teports bribes for
members of the parliament before the vote on Bonn or F

Barbarossa and Meyer Amschel Rothschild try to bring the European Cur
rency Institute to Frankfurt.

Barbarossa's and Meyer Amschel Rothschild's efforts for the region finally bear
fruit: F becomes'the seat of the European Gurrency Institute, the future Euro
pean Central Bank.

Vinzenz von Stalburg overthrows Barbarossa, dismantles the primogen and

has claimed the princedom ever since.

A frightened Kindred readily will commit any
atrocity necessary and imaginable to get hima
safe distance from the trigger of his fear. He
surrenders himself to the lowliest aspects of
his nature and casts aside the behavior and
attitude he generally shows to the world. Put
bluntly, he is the Beast. It is seen as an em-
barrassing loss of self-control to fly into a E
Kindred who do so too often are banished or
even put out of their misery in the most ex-
treme cases. The Tradition of the >Mas-
querade and etiquette expect the Kindred to
keep their Beast in check; those who fail to
do so are no longer fellow Cainites, but mon-
sters who have to be destroyed for the greater
good. A EF can be triggered by many things,
though most frequently anger or hunger can
be held responsible.

¢ Furores: From the Latin furor: anger; in the
Dark Medieval era, this ~sect's members had
the reputation of being pickpockets and con-
nivers. They were called the outlaws of

>Cainite society, which saw chaos and disor-
der in them. Even of the basic rules that gov-

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA
76

erned Kindred existence, the E had presum-
ably no idea. Many F. knew the Six ~Tradi-
tions very well but had decided to cast their
lot with those existing at the brink of undead
society. Often they were second or third
childer who could not compete with their
older siblings for their ~sire's attention and
thus, tried to thrive or survive on their own.

>Coteries of this sect existed in many cities,
and they all tithed their +>prince. Their dis-
like for monarchist hierarchies led to them

»Embracing those >kine who had been
standing outside of state and church in life,
which surely contributed a lot to their bad
reputation. But this doesn't mean they had
no sort of hierarchy — of course they did.
They organized themselves as guilds, and es-
pecially Clan Toreador has kept up. this
practice until the modern nights. In the cit-
ies where E. were the dominant Kindred fac-
tion, there usually were more artisans and
merchants than in most others, and they
open-mindedly accepted new ideas instead of
damning them as Satan's work.


* Gaius Marcellus: ->Ventrue. Generation
unknown; *Rome 169 B.C., #>Carthage
146 B.C. G. was 23 when he was ~sired dur-
ing the final attack on Carthage. Before, he
had gained the attention of his sire, one of
the Roman Ventrue's leaders, who was im-
pressed by Gaius's abilities, his intelligence
and his rhetorical and writing talents and
thus, didn't let him die when he was fatally
wounded on the battlefield. He kept G. with
him to record the events of the war. Later
on, G. resided in France for a long time,
where he sired -*Doran in 1471.

© Gaje: Term used by the -*Ravnos and pre-
sumably the gypsies to describe anything not
of their blood. Literally it means "outsider."

* Gajo: >Gaje.

* Galbraith, Melinda: Regent of the
»Sabbat. G. resides in Mexico City and is
*Toreador antitribu. Has led some of the

decisive sieges in North America. Claims to

be >Lasombra.

© Gangrel: 1. The so-called Clan of the
Beast belongs to the seven founding clans of
the +Camarilla. Its members, as diversified
as they may be, share a few common traits
and powers. Many of them are possessed by
a great wanderlust. They rarely stay in one
place for too long and prefer relative wilds
to cities. Many of them are tough as nails,
and their claws strike fear in the hearts of
theit enemies. Their ability to change into
animal forms doesn't only resemble the
archetypical literary "vampire," it also makes
the G. the Cainite masters of wilderness. But
their affinity to the Beast takes its toll, so
most of them move inexorably closer to what
we others try to hide over the years. Their

courage, their strength and their loyalty be-
longed to the Camarilla and its >Kindred for
500 years, but that is no longer true. The clan,
all this time one of the seven pillars holding
up the ~sect, has turned its collective back
to it. The G. have left the Camarilla, and the
venerable sect's foundation crumbles. The
accusations of cowardice and betrayal grow
louder, but this doesn't do the G. justice —
quite the opposite is true, for the accusation
is completely false. Their leaving was neither
a surprise nor unforeseen. As long as the

Jamarilla has existed, the G. were its war-
riors and last line of defense. They were the
first to lose their unlives in any battle. And
for what? For being avoided and considered
animals by all the others. Politically, they had
long been insignificant. Of course, some un-
fortunate circumstances added to all this and
finally led to the breakup with the Camarilla.
Especially ->Xaviar, the last G. Justicar, played
an important role in this. The clan as a whole
followed him as his call for succor against an
important enemy fell on deaf ears with the
Camarilla. Additionally, he began to consider
the ~Antediluvians as a real threat, which
would have conflicted with Camarilla ideol-
ogy anyway, for after all, these ancient Kin-
dred do not even exist. It's sad to see such
proud Kindred so hurt and broken. The nights
to come will not be any easier on them after
leaving the Camarilla. But it's not going to
be easy for any of us. — 2. Little is known
about the Clan of the Beast's Antediluvian
founder aside from the tall tales the >Ravnos
tell (~Ennoia). He reminded his progeny to
always be brave, honorable and fair, which is
true for most of his brood until these nights,
at least in my opinion.

* Garcia, Salvador: Ninth Generation

»Brujah; *1869, #1892. At the end of the
19th century, G. joined an anarchist move-
ment in Spain and was saved from the Span-
ish police by his sire. During the Spanish
Civil War, G. was forced to flee to America
after his sire had met his Final Death in an
attack on the Prince of Barcelona. G. soon
found out that the situation in L.A. wasn't
that different from the one in Europe and
helped in plotting the prince's downfall with
a number of other Brujah, like Marguerite

>Foccart, Crispus Attucks and Jeremy

*MacNeil. He is considered one of the key
figures in the founding of the >Anarch Free
State, especially because he claims to have

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA
77

How quickly things
change. J have reason to
Suspect that Galbraith
has stepped Aocon from
her position as regent,
Mexico City is ramored to
be in the throes of coup,
positioned to appoint a
metv regent or to ulunae the
<Stvord of Cains agate

into civil war,

Why are you so sure there
are no Antediluvianst Js
it pure i BEd or igno-
rance that makes you be-
lieve we originated ont of
the bluck

luerta is pagbr... The Book oF
Noo doesnt Lie, AND IT NO
cous tells of the
A\wreorlumans' petupn. ‘They
age not the wogeyman, they
ape A peal threat.


destroyed the prince of L.A. with his own
hands. Additionally, he is one of the main au-
thors of the Status Perfectus and the sole
author of the -Anarch Manifesto.

* Gargoyles: G. were originally created with
the help of a magical ritual that was supposed
to punish traitors from the ranks of Clan

>Tremere with eternal slavery. The G. were
the chantries' servants and guards. Their ter-
rifying appearance that mortals depicted in
the stone gargoyles of gothic cathedrals aided
them in their task. Unfortunately, | must con-
fess that the ritual did not always have the
desired effect, so some G, have a modicum of
free will. This led to a short-lived uprising of
the G. that the Tremere stopped quickly and
without bloodshed. Only the most supersti-
tious of >Kindred take the rumors at face
value that say some small groups of escaped
G. are alive these nights, and they even breed
naturally by laying eggs.

© Garlic: Common plant originating from the
inner Asian region of Dsungaria. Belongs to
the lilies. The sharp scent hails from the G.
oil. The bulbs are often used as a spice. Prob-
ably because of its scent, G. was regarded as a
means to deter ~>Kindred and keep them away
by the Dark Ages. In bundled grains, two or
three G. bulbs were put into the first sheaf to
keep witches away. In eastern Germany, the
cocks, ganders and guard dogs are fed G. to
keep them "sharp," which is to say vicious or
attentive and bold. The same custom exists
in the Czech Republic. This superstition's ori-
gin is probably less demonic than empiric. In
sympathetic medicine, G. is often used; some-
times it is part of medieval rituals against the
pestilence. In the night before St. John's Day,
G.'s leaves have to be tied together to pre-
vent it from disappearing into the ground,
according to superstition. Another supersti-
tion says that people who behead a snake
stick the head into a G. bulb, lay both be-
neath the eaves and wait until the head grows
back out can see the Trudes, a sort of Boggans,
on St. George's Day if they wait for them,
snake's head in hand. Sometimes a pea is
taken instead of the G. Of course, all of this
— with the possible exception of the effect

on animals — is sheer nonsense and supersti-
tion. Yet, G. plays a certain role in some se-
cret rituals of the ~Usurper Clan.

© Gather: One of the most interesting facets
of traditional +Gangrel culture, G.s are held

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

at each solstice and equinox. The solstice fes-
tivals are usually open to invited guests, while
the equinox meetings are secret revels for
members of the clan only.

News of an impending G. are spread by word
of mouth, and the regular or exceptional
meetings can attract impressive numbers of
undead. A well-known, regularly held meet-
ing like the San Francisco Redwood Revel
is attended by Gangrel from all over the
world. Nonetheless, nobody has ever suc-
ceeded in drawing the entire clan.

AG. generally begins with a party (refresh-
ments of various types are provided by the
host). It then turns into a storytelling and
boasting contest. Someone is sure to provoke
a fight, which sets the starting point for any
physical competitions the evening may hold.
There is always the danger that someone ge
too close to a fire, which adds spice to the
G., and the famous (and infamous)
shapechanging contest signals the end of
physical pursuits.
At this point, most of the neonates have
collapsed either because they have to sleep
themselves sober or due to immense blood
loss. The elders of the clan will stay awake
into the wee hours telling tales. During ex-
ceptionally successful G.s, this may even
continue through the following day and into
the next night. It is considered a mark of
highest respect for a storyteller if he succeeds
in enthralling his listeners so much that they
are able to resist the sleep of day to hear the
end of his tale (though all will head into an
enclosed area while the storyteller contin-
ues his tale as they move). It is said that

*Snorri kept an audience of —ancillae
awake and gripped by his tale through all of
Lent.

Finally, the G. will disperse to carry the word
of decisions, fights and stories to other
Gangrel who were not present. Often a repu-
tation can be made or destroyed during a G.
in anumber of ways. By doing or saying some-
thing notable, by fighting particularly well
or poorly, by telling an outstanding story or
by hosting an exceptional G., a Gangrel can
do wonders for her standing within the clan,
An impressive enough G. can become a tale
unto itself.

Geb: Old: Epyptianidéity, son of Ray
»sired the brothers Set and ~*+Osiris with
his sister Nut.


* Gehenna: |. In the New Testament, a fi-
ety place of punishment similar to the Chris-
tian hell. —2. The end of the Third Cycle;
the coming Armageddon, when the
>Antediluvians will rise and devour all
other Kindred.

* Gehenna Cults: While the ~Kindred
community trembles in fear of >Gehenna,
more and more G. arise. These groups re-
semble secret societies or coteries and are
most common within the -*Camarilla, even
ifsome G. have spread to the --Sabbat and
the independent ~>clans. Because member-
ship in G.s is frowned upon, the actions of
these cults always remain secret, and offi-
cially the cults are ridiculed as foolish rumors.
In recent nights, though, their membership
has increased tremendously, and certain very
powerful, influential Kindred secretly belong
to one of the cults.

(G.deyelop because theif members prepare
for the end of the world or want to prevent
it. The cults fear an escalation of the ~Jyhad
and the return of the --Antediluvians and
therefore either prepare to serve the ancients
{and in doing so, hopefully avoid their own
destruction when the end comes) or to find
their hidden havens (and thus, be able to
strike first and prevent Gehenna com-
pletely). Some participants in G. are

*Arimatheans, ->Servitors of Irad, --Her-
alds of the Red Star, Royal Order of the
Edenic Groundskeepers, Twilight Cult,

Cult of Enlightenment, Lilith Cults,

Ninth Wave, ~-Seer Cults, >Way of the
Ancient Lawgivers.

® Generation: The number of steps between
an undead and the mythical ~Caine. Ac-
cording to the commonly recognized history
of the >Kindred, our kind hails ftom the pro-
Penitor of all undead, Caine. Caine was ban-
ished by God to the Land of -*Nod after kill-
ing his brother Abel and additionally made
the first undead by God's curse. Then, Caine
sired three childer who sired childer in turn
Badisdcon and so/on... The often.quoted

*Book of Nod contains numerous illustra-
tions on the Kindred's creation myth. Un-
fortunately for all interested scholars, the
book offers more questions than answers and
even is the foundation for one of the more
untenable theories on the origin of the Kin-
dred, the blasphemous —>Cycle of Lilith (see
the sidebar "The Generations").

Reputedly the "father. of all vampires,"
Caine is more myth than reality in the
modern nights, Some of theFourth Gen-
eration, /as Well as certaifmemebets of the
Sabbat, claimst6jhavé met a being who
referred t6 himself as Caine, but the story
has filtered through soumany individuals
and) layers of the Jyhad that no one can
Precisely tell where cruth ends and fabri-
cation begins.

Sképtical Kindred have noted a lapse in
the myth of Caine: If Caine's first chlder
are of the Second Generation, and
thereby two steps removed from Caine,
what, if anything, was the First
Geneartion? Certainly, Caine himself is
not "Frst' Generation," as he can hardly
be one step removed from' himself. The
| question will likely go forever unresolved.

* Genevra: Giovanni; this devious Necro-
mancer not only assisted her family's good
standing with the church, she also financially
supports the Seraph >Jalan-Aajav and his
crusade against the -*Camarilla. Assumed to
have met Final Death within the past five
years, she made too many enemies inside her
family while pursuing other interests outside
of it.

ENcYCLOpADIA VAMPYRICA

79

Oh whet Tet

this
just

stand on

give to,
the stains of

wouument
Once.


Bucila

Quite wrong, dear

alchemy is nol as impress! ely

ed as your brule
Nobody is perfect
Gianls' Blood does exis! —

;
and il does work

develop
strength

ae |

© Gesu: Tzimisce; the childe of Dracon
allowed himself to be worshipped as a saint of
Christ, explorer of the inner divinity and sav-
ior of --Caine by the Akoimetai, an order of
monks. In his ~sire's absence, he led the
>»Obertus family to influence and wealth until
the events that destroyed Michael. It is
improbable, however, that he survived his
family's destruction by the Old World
Tzimisce.

© Get of Khayyin: Derogatory »Assamite
term for all Kindred except for themselves.

© Ghede: *Setite; probably by 100 B.C. in

»Rome, where he'd made a name for himself
as a mortal opponent in the arena. Little is
known about his history until he reached

>Haiti by 1700. There, he allowed the mor-
tal populace to worship him as a god of death.
Although his power and influence on the is-
land know no bounds, his position was repeat-
edly endangered by younger Setites. Most
important, he has been struggling with his
own childe —Ezuli for quite a while. Prob-
ably he'd have destroyed her by now if not for
an archenemy of his, a~*Serpent of the Light
residing in Port-au-Prince who sends assassins
to destroy him. G. reacts by sending assassins
of his own, houngans (Voodoo priests), and
initiates that visited a shadow war on the
mortal populace. Even those who are unaware

ExcycLopaeDia VAMpyRICA

of our hidden world all around them feel
something evil is afoot and leave the island
in flocks. No doubt the winner of this struggle
will be able to take over the island and find
time to deal with the upstarts who have kept
attacking his power base in his time of weake
ness.

© Ghemal: -Caine's palace in Enoch.

¢ Ghiberti: This is a minor family belong-
ing to Clan >Giovanni. The G. call Africa
south of the Sahara their home and have
created important trade routes there as well
as made maybe even more important con-
tact with the mystical -Laibon. Their art of
»Necromancy is a little different from the
clan's main style, since the family studied a
Nubian death cult and finally adopted it.

© Ghoul: A servant created by allowing a
member of the kine to drink a >>Cainite's
>blood without draining the mortal to the
point that would lead to the ~siring of
»progeny.

Most G.s depend on their >domitors' whims
and loyally serve them in exchange for >vi-
tae. Since G.s are just as susceptible to the
>blood bond as anybody else, they are al-
most all loyal to their masters, and if the
domitor has more than one G., this often
leads to envy among the servants. G.s' feel-
ings go to extremes due to the vitae in their
veins — such creatures often suffer from fits
of dementia and disturbing desires.
As long as G.s regularly drink Kindred vi-
tae, they do not age. Once their natural life
span is over, they always have to have Cainite
vitae in their veins, or they'll age and die
quickly — sometimes even within minutes.
»Caine's vitae is reputedly powerful enough
to make a G. similarly resilient and as strong
as Cainites. In many cases, G.s have shown
the ability to use certain Disciplines to
some extent, which probably corresponds to
the age and the power of the Kindred they
regularly drink from. Sometimes a G. who
has been serving the same Cainite for quite
a while will show personality traits and physi-
cal characteristics similar to his master's.

¢ Giangaleazzo: Prince (formerly Arch-
bishop) of Milan; #c.1400. Sire: Fra Di-
ego, a monk from Milan. ->Lasombra. Has
been present at many important events of
Cainite history in the last 500 years. To the
>Camarilla's regret, G. claimed domain in


one of the artistic and economic centers of
Italy while a >Sabbat leader. Had a shaky
nonaggression treaty with the princes of
the surrounding Camarilla cities. Changed
sides and joined the Camarilla in 1997, de-
clared himself prince and destroyed all
Sabbat in his city. Has been called "the Trai-
tor Prince" by the Sabbat ever since.

* Giants' Blood: Legendary magical artifact
owned by the -*Sabbat. To impress the new-
est members of the ~sect, the >elders are
fond of telling the young > recruits about this
amazing potion that has reputedly been
brewed from a giant's blood and is said to
bestow upon the drinker incredible physical
strength. To end such a night of tale spin-
ning, one of the elders takes a vial out of his
pocket and distributes its content fairly
among the wide-eyed recruits. And even
though this potion is usually nothing more
than red syrup, it shows unexpected effects
on most of the drinkers.

* Giovanni: The Clan of Death and its
many families. The clan these nights hails
from a Venetian merchant family that
dabbled in -Necromancy even in life
*Augustus, head of the family following the
Crusades, was probably the first to be >Em-
braced by no lesser than the -*Cappadocian
>Antediluvian. Not all of Cappadocius's

CAS

progeny agreed with this decision; many al-
teady saw danger brewing in the future. In the
middle of the 16th century, history proved
them right when Augustus turned against
Cappadocius ‘and ~diablerized his sire to
save others from the Antediluvian's madness.
Cappadocius in his hubris had gone so far as
to try and become God's equal by drinking
his soul (apotheosis). Maybe the Antedilu-
vian had gone mad, but this barely justifies
the ensuing mass murder. For more than three
centuries, the G. hunted Cappadocians and
destroyed them. The >Camarilla reacted too
late. Although clan and family demand inde-
pendence from the large >sects, I wonder who
from the Camarilla's ranks has supported them
and what they paid for that support. Anyway,
the G. have managed to almost annihilate the
Cappadocians before the rest of the world rec-
ognized how far they'd gone.
As an independent clan, the G. weathered
the centuries. In that time, they managed to
deeply root their mortal family in worldwide
financial endeavors. Perhaps no single clan
aside from the ->Ventrue or possibly Torea-
dor has such power over worldwide economic
processes and such an influence on mortal
society. Sometimes I wonder if they want to
win the ~Jyhad by buying the world. The

*Sabbat once tried to annihilate the family,
but it was stopped cold by the sheer mass of
mortals working for the family and gave up
on that endeavor. Maybe the more monstrous

»Cainites know more about the rites and
practices the clan performs behind closed
doors to expand its knowledge of Necromancy.
Ic's not their seemingly endless resources that
worry me. They are the absolute masters of
the dead's shadowy worlds these nights, and
no one can say what they are up to.

* Giovanni, Ambrogi
tion and ruthlessness have brought this bas-

0: Unshakable ambi-

tard to the highest echelons of the clan. In
questions of -Necromancy, he is a foremost
authority after almost 1000 years of study. For
centuries, he has been hunting for the

»Sargon Fragment and belongs to those

Giovanni who have especially researched
the history and ideals of the extinct

»Cappadocian clan. In this area, too, he's one
of the leading experts. Two centuries ago, we
didn't hear much from this man, who often
had carte blanche from Augustus Giovanni
himself. In August 1999, however, he aroused
some degree of concern. For the first time in

Encyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

81


. the
pit a secon +

; ight
sdtection GB 1 ty
4 6 that connected ©

go

‘shaders
‘alevays ©
was our

a t
ought thal

domaine

EQuite to the contrary,
the Great Iyhad is the
eternal game of elder
versus elder, of which
the struggle hetvveen the
Sword of Caine and
the Ivory Tower is but
one aspect.

My, bul we've swallowed

east tracts of our own propa-

ganda, haven'! we?

over 100 years, he left the Giovanni's ances-
tral manse and traveled to Turkey to revisit

»Erciyes. Rumors about sudden changes in
the Underworld could be connected to his
latest activities. When asked about them, he
just said, "Maybe Cappadocius was right, af
ter all."

* Giovanni, Augustus: The ->Antediluvian
of the Giovanni family is notorious even
among the childer of Caine. For him, I have
heard more impolite adjectives than I could
list in this volume. Like any other member of
the Third Generation, G. is inscrutabl
plans, intrigues and schemes eat throu
centuries like maggots through fouled meat.
According to all reports, his powers no doubt
match those of a true Antediluvian, though
he is the youngest of them. He makes up for
this shortcoming by being by far the most ac-
tive among them.

* Giovanni, Claudius: --Augustus's first
childe distinguished himself mainly by his
ruthless seizure of power. It was he who
founded the Conspiracy of Isaac as his fa-
ther had told him to. He used this faction to
plot against his new "brother" ~Japheth and
his sire »Cappadocius and to take their heart's
blood from them, which gave them power
over him. G. served Augustus loyally for a long

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

82

time, but his hot temper would become his
downfall, for it was he who completely de-
stroyed —-Erciyes. It was much later that
Augustus heard that a bottle with the
Antediluvian's blood was supposed to have
been hidden there. Since G. had nothing to
say about this and the old monastery had
been razed to the ground, Augustus raged and
destroyed his childe.

* Giovanni, Enzo: Although this member
of the family sat on the board of directors of
a multinational holding corporation, he had
managed to keep a (self-preservational?) low
profile in family affairs. After his destruction,
there are no ties anymore between the
Giovanni and the holding company. The
young G., seemed to be part of a complicated
diversion that served to turn antagonists of
the family toward red herrings and thus iden-
tify them easier. Those who are interested in
the true family business should not consider
people who are as publicly visible as Enzo.

* Giovanni, Ignazio: In his mortal life, G.
served as muscle for his family's less savory
endeavors, and when he was taken into the
ranks of the undead, this attitude changed:
little. As opposed to most family members,
G. is no scholar and not subtle. He is a man
who uses violence to reach his goals. As he


was first in charge of caring for the elements
ofcrime in Venice and later of defending the
city against the >Lupines, he was able to as-
cend quickly through the family's ranks. To-
night, he is assumed to be an influential fig
ure in organized crime.

* Giovanni, Isabel: As one of the more ca-
pable spies of the Necromancer family, she
has managed to wander the northern U.S
in the guise of a member of several primogen
and as a ->bishop of the --Sabbat and never
stay in one place long enough to be caught
— just to collect information for her family.

* Godefroy: Former —>justicar of the -*King-
ship Clan. Replaced by Lucinde in 1998.

* Golconda: The state of being many -*Kin-
dred try to attain in which they reach a bal-
ance between conflicting urges and reserva-
tions. Many -Cainites see it as the only way

to salvation. Like the mortals' Nirvana, G
is often discussed, but rarely attained.

® Goratrix: Renegade member ofthé >Clan
of Usurpers; Fourth Generation; *987,
#1022. Former member of the -*Council of
Een G Nis. supposed to. Haveabean
~Tremere's most ardent supporter before his
betrayal. Among other things, he is assumed

CAS

to have founded --Ceoris. He was made ad-
ministrator of the French territory and put in
charge of placing spies inside the church.
There, he is supposed to have made first con-
tact with --Sabbat leaders. What other ex-
planation would there be for his flight when
he was called before his clanmates' >Inner
Council? G. did irrevocable damage to the

»Camarilla and especially the Tremere when
he betrayed his blood and told the Sabbat
many secrets hoarded carefully until then.
With his bloodline's extinction by Tremere
himself a short while ago in *Mexico City,
this devil's nights are numbered, too.

© Gorchist: -Sabbat regent in the 19th cen-
tury, one of the five undersigned of the Pur
chase Pact.

¢ Gorgo: Nosferatu; She Who Screams in
Darkness. This awful creature who can tear
bones with her voice alone belongs to the ter
rible »Nictuku. According to rumors she wa
last heard in Peru in the times of Pizarro and
probably lies in torpor somewhere there.

© Gotsdam: > Ventrue; >Tiamat's childe has
been calling Germany his home for quite a
while but has never played an active role in
the country's political landscape. G. seems to
appear only when big trouble that may change
the -*kine's and the -*Kindred's society alike
looms. Thus, he was seen in -*Paris only days
before the revolution and in London shortly
before the blitz war. As such, we should prob-
ably wonder if he serves his demonic ~sire,
but I have no answer to that. Rumor has it he
was seen in the heart of Germany last year.
That was immediately after the seizure of
power in —>Frankfurt, the metropolis on the
Main, and now we can only hope that his
appearance there will have no lasting effects.

* Grail: In medieval legends, the G. is the
cup from the Last Supper that Joseph of
Arimathea used to catch Jesus' blood. A rich
series of legends intertwined with knights'
tales surrounded it in French epic poetry.
Wolfram of Eschenbach depicted the G. as a
sacred stone with fabulous, wondrous might
guarded by a knightly order (G. knights).

¢ Gratiano: Fourth Generation Lasombra;
*ca- 1080, #ca. 1100. In life, son of a wealthy
Italian family from Verona. Last childe of
Lasombra himself. Helped destroy his ~sire.
Archbishp of the =*Sabbat,

ENc¥CLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA

83

seer,
SG eae

§ ' ‘
S ascune that Grcous Gull,
destroyed Fince Doran typ.
the domain under coos of hi a
he ee of his
tolhes, the Puppet prince
t
A
4
i
p,
'
4
¢
;
f


Ae
nit a secon ves qt 2
ction Of OB
oe that cams *
Taos ree that
atovays ©

ate
yas one Aomal

Eduite to the contrary,
the Great Jyhad is the
eternal game if etder

versus elder, of tyhich

the strugale betrveen the
Sovord of Caine and
the Ivory Totver is fut
one Aspect,

My, bul we've swallowed
vast lracts of our own propa.
ganda, haven'! we?

over 100 years, he left the Giovanni's ances-
tral manse and traveled to Turkey to revisit
»Erciyes. Rumors about sudden changes in
the Underworld could be connected to his
latest activities. When asked about them, he
just said,
ter all."

"Maybe Cappadocius was right, af-

* Giovanni, Augustus: The ->Antediluvian
of the Giovanni family is notorious even
among the childer of Caine. For him, I have
heard more impolite adjectives than I could
list in this volume. Like any other member of
the Third Generation, G. is inscrutable; his
plans, intrigues and schemes eat through the
centuries like maggots through fouled meat.
According to all reports, his powers no doubt
match those of a true Antediluvian, though
he is the youngest of them. He makes up for
this shortcoming by being by far the most ac-
tive among them.

¢ Giovanni, Claudius: -Augustus's first
childe distinguished himself mainly by his
ruthless seizure of power. It was he who
founded the Conspiracy of Isaac as his fa-
ther had told him to. He used this faction to
plot against his new "brother" >Japheth and
his sire ~Cappadocius and to take their heart's
blood from them, which gave them power
over him. G, served Augustus loyally for a long

EncycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

82

time, but his hot temper would become his
downfall, for it was he who completely de-
stroyed ~Erciyes. It was much later that
Augustus heard that a bottle with the
Antediluvian's blood was supposed to have
been hidden there. Since G. had nothing to
say about this and the old monastery had
been razed to the ground, Augustus raged and
destroyed his childe.

* Giovanni, Enzo: Although this member
of the family sat on the board of directors of
a multinational holding corporation, he had
managed to keep'a (self-preservationall) law
profile in family affairs. After his destruction,
there are no ties anymore between the
Giovanni and the holding company. The
young G. seemed to be part of a complicated
diversion that served to turn antagonists of
the family toward red herrings and thus iden-
tify them easier. Those who are interested in
the true family business should not consider
people who are as publicly visible as Enzo.

* Giovanni, Ignazio: In his mortal life, G.
served as muscle for his family's less savory
endeavors, and when he was taken into the
ranks of the undead, this attitude changed
little. As opposed to most family members,
G. is no scholar and not subtle. He is a man
who uses violence to reach his goals. As he


was first in charge of caring for the elements
ofcrime in Venice and later of defending the
city against the ->Lupines, he was able to as-
cend quickly through the family's ranks. To-
night, he is assumed to be an influential fi
ure in organized crime.

* Giovanni, Isabel: As one of the more ca-
pable spies of the Necromancer family, she
has managed to wander the northern U.S.
in the guise of a member of several primogen
and as a bishop of the --Sabbat and never
stay in one place long enough to be caught
— just to collect information for her family.

© Godefroy: Former ~>justicar of the >King-
ship Clan. Replaced by Lucinde in 1998

* Golconda: The state of being many ->Kin-
dred try to attain in which they reach a bal-
ance between conflicting urges and reserva-
tions. Many ~*Cainites see it as the only way

to salvation. Like the mortals' Nirvana, G.
is often discussed, but rarely attained.

* Goratrix: Renegade member of the Clan
of Usurpers; Fourth Generation; *987,
#1022. Former member of the
Seven. G. is supposed to have been
> Tremere's most ardent supporter before his
betrayal. Among other things, he is assumed

>Council of

to have founded +Ceoris. He was made ad-
ministrator of the French territory and put in
charge of placing spies inside the church.
There, he is supposed to have made first con-
tact with --Sabbat leaders. What other ex-
planation would there be for his flight when
he was called before his clanmates' Inner
Council? G. did irrevocable damage to the

»Camarilla and especially the Tremere when
he betrayed his blood and told the Sabbat
many secrets hoarded carefully until then.
With his bloodline's extinction by Tremere
himself a short while ago in -*Mexico City,
this devil's nights are numbered, too.

© Gorchist: Sabbat regent in the 19th cen-
tury, one of the five undersigned of the >Pur-
chase Pact

© Gorgo: -»Nosferatu; She Who Screams in
Darkness. This awful creature who can tear
bones with her voice alone belongs to the ter-
rible >Nictuku. According to rumors she was
last heard in Peru in the times of Pizarro and
probably lies in torpor somewhere there.

© Gotsdam: ~ Ventrue; >Tiamat's childe has

been calling Germany his home for quite a
while but has never played an active role in
the country's political landscape. G. seems to
appear only when big trouble that may change

the >kine's and the *Kindred's society alike
looms. Thus, he was seen in Paris only days
before the revolution and in London shortly
before the blitz war. As such, we should prob-
ably wonder if he serves his demonic sire,
but I have no answer to that. Rumor has it he

seen in the heart of Germany last year.
That was immediately after the seizure of
power in ~Frankfurt, the metropolis on the
Main, and now we can only hope that his
appearance there will have no lasting effects.

* Grail: In medieval legends, the G. is the
cup from the Last Supper that Joseph of
Arimathea used to catch Jesus' blood. A rich
series of legends intertwined with knights'
tales surrounded it in French epic poetry.
Wolfram of Eschenbach depicted the G. as a
sacred stone with fabulous, wondrous might
guarded by a knightly order (G. knights).

¢ Gratiano: Fourth Generation ~Lasombra;
*ca. 1080, #ca. 1100. In life, son of a wealthy
Italian family from Verona. Last childe of
Lasombra himself. Helped destroy his —sire.
Archbishop of the +Sabbat.

ENc¥cLopsepia VAMPYRICA

S assume thet fe

atid fereaux Guilkeay

Rrince J ran to claim

folk, the puppet pring


© Grimaldi: 1. Genovese noble family, rulers
of the principality of Monaco since 1467. —
2. >Tzimisce >ghoul family. The G. family

is the smallest and youngest ~revenant fam-
ily — and that is okay for its members who
are used to their position as button men. The
G. are especially adaptable, which proved to
be a decisive factor for their survival. They
possess the Disciplines of ~Celerity,

»Dominate and Fortitude. Compared to
other revenants', their vitae tastes extremely
stale. In the Renaissance, they installed them-
selves amidst the budding bourgeoisie, where
they still serve as undercover agents for the

»Sabbat. — 3. Francesco Maria G., *1618,
+1663, member of G. (2), Italian physician
and mathematician; discovered the inflection
of light.

* Grand Inquisitor: Title for the leader of
the ~Society of Leopold. This office is held
by Ingrid -»Bauer at the moment.

* Great Jyhad: Common ~Sabbat term for
the war against the +Camarilla for domi-
nance in the New World that started in the
17th century and no doubt continues until
these nights.

* Grimgroth: Member of the ~Clan of
Usurpers, Fourth Generation; member of the

»Council of Seven. G. is responsible for the
majority of western Europe, including the

ENcycLopaepia VaMpyRICA

84

British Isles and Australia. He is not one of
the original councilors, but replaced the ren-
egade >Goratrix. He habitually changes the
location of his chantry very often. At the
moment, his chantry is in -*Rome. Rumor
has it that he cooperates with the -*mages
there, who plan some sinister fate for all of
Europe. The Tremere strongly deny the he-
retical accusations he was a spy for Goratrix
among the Council of Seven.

© Guarded Rubrics: This is a collection of
old writings telling more about the origins
of ~Cainites than the Book of Nod can,
for the rubrics are not tainted by prophecy.
Although most ‘parts of the rubrics' are
deemed lost, probably the biggest collection
exists in the hands of the ~Tal'mahe'Ra,
whose Rawis guard and study it. Remark-
ably, some of these Rawis — often after study-
ing the G. for a very long time — come to
the conclusion that the Cainites trace their
origins back to Lilith, the Dark Mother,
not to Caine, ~sire of us all.

* Guardians of Tradition: A >Tremere se-
cret society. This group, a right-wing tradi-
tionalist faction within the clan, is dedicated
to cleansing House Tremere of computers
and other high-tech tools many Tremere rely
on these nights. The G. actively oppose tech-
nological expansion and are suspected of
sabotaging gadgets to find "proof" for their
antitechnical theories at times. Even if that's
not true, it has been proven that the G. can
summon spirits who wreak havoc upon da-
tabases if set loose on a computer system by
invading them while the hapless user works,
slightly altering data and thus invalidating
research and causing projects to fail. There
even is an extreme faction within this group
that behaves in a very racist and chauvinis-
tic manner and objects to Embracing any-
body who doesn't fulfill its... specific crite-
ria.

© Guil, Mme.: Sixth Generation > Torea-
dor; *1563, #1579. Childe of +Baron
Volgirre. --Sire of Countess -d'Adhemar.
Toreador ~Justicar. Only justicar to be re-
elected in the last vote in 1998 because she
is seen as a necessary evil by the Inner
Circle. Even among the justicars, she is
known for her remarkable lack of sympathy;
her skill in discovering traitors and crimi-
nals in the corridors of power is the topic of
many a horrible legend


* Guilbeau, Marc

: Eighth Generation

>Ventrue. *Baton Rouge 1835, #Baton

Rouge 1866. Childe of Lothar ~>Constantine.
Childer: Christopher (1985), Anthony
(1986). Prince of New Orleans. Everyone
doubts if he really holds power in the city or
if there is a figure behind the throne. With
regards to this, G.'s rarely mentioned brother
Jereaux, who is never seen in public, comes
to mind.

* Guillaume: Member of the Learned Clan;
one of the few Kindred actively taking part
in -Cainite politics, though he has been said
to have attained the state of Golconda. G.
is the preeminent Kindred in Switzerland, and
his ascension to inner peace could very well
be responsible for the country's continued
neutrality. This childe of Hannibal is much
like legend's Robin Hood, and he allows only
few guests in his domain. Those who tend to
troublemaking are sent away or disappear
without a trace. G. keeps the peace with his
immense personal power and influence. He
tolerates absolutely no violence, which makes
Geneva an exceptionally beautiful place to
sit down and talk.

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

85



¢ Haiti: H. is populated by a mixture of many
ethnic groups. The island differs from other
Caribbean islands insofar as it is a paradise
for the Followers of Set, who thrive in its
Voodoo culture.

* Hakari: The so-called -elder of elders
among ~Hiruko's childer is the Japanese
equivalent to a Prince of Tokyo, maybe
eyen of all of Japan. Very little is known
about this mysterious figure holding court in
the city's Imperial Palace. But he is the old-
est Japanese undead and probably has been
roaming the land since the time of the
Daimyos. With his counselors, the elders of
the different families, he leads a bitter war
against anything Western and, if the rumors
are correct, against his country's younger
undead.

© Hand: ->Black Hand, Manus Nigrum

© Hannah: Eighth Generation Nosferatu;
Memusstens 1165; # Jerusalem 1180. H. is
Sephraim's youngest childe.: Ephraim and
etter wer,vers astonished ‘to' see "that
she was not grateful for her new state of be-
ing but felt lonely; still, she has always feared
Kothar's retribution if she were to sire
childer. Until 1200, H. saw herself as an out-
sider in the leper colony of Hinnom, where
the Nosferatu resided. By 1300, she went
east. In 1399, H. reached Golconda in the
Far East and never returned.

© Hannibal: ~Brujah; "H. ante portas" is
probably the most famous sentence Roman
parents used to frighten their children, but
even more frightened were the undead lords
of the Eternal City when they heard that no
lesser than --Troile was rumored to have

»Embraced this warlord. But after the Pu-

nic Wars, this +Kindred — if, indeed, he is
Kindred at all — seems to drop off the face of
the Earth, so no one can even say for sure
whether he has survived the destruction of

»Carthage or if he met his Final Death there.

¢ Hagim: Also called Hassan I Sabbah,
Assam-Hashshan al-Safa, Hashsan ibn
Canan. Second or Third Generation
»Assamite. Also known as the ~Old Man
from the Mountain and under several other
names.

* Harbingers of Skulls: Suspected remnants
of the -Cappadocian rbloodline. Also called
"Lazarenes." Not unlike the ~Salubri
antitribu, the H. appeared within the ~Sabbat
only a short while ago. Since their appear-
ance often resembles a semidecomposed
corpse, they can be easily confused with the
abominable Samedi.

© Hardestadt: -*Ventrue; this German rep-
resentative of the Kingship Clan attained
deathless fame through his share in the cre-
ation of what we know as the --Camarilla
these nights. Rafael -»de Corazon's speech
aside, it was this ~Kindred's efforts that laid
the sect's groundwork. Saying that H. the El-
der is the sect's founder would be no exag-
geration. The Old World still is the center of
his power, and his progeny hold important

ENC¥CLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA
87

Welt, J don't believe
that the OLA Man from
the Mountain sitting in
A lamut tonight really
1s Hagin... For me,
one wvatking psycho
pathic A niedilinas is
enough, and we Ap have
Uncle Augie. And
Hagin wontd be a reat
Anitediluvian at that...


offices in many European countries. This
popularity did not come without enemies, and
the Ventrue has survived several attempts on
his undead existence, especially at the height
of his career in Thorns when the ~anarch
Patricia > Bollingbroke tried to destroy him,
to mention only the most commonly known
assassination attempt. Although rumor has it
H. was destroyed by Tyler, his existence is real.
In the Old World, his influence can be felt
and is part of the groundwork of the revered
sect.

© Harlequi
>Sire of

: Sixth Generation Gargoyle.
*Ublo-Satha.

* Harmonist: Follower of the Path of Har-

mony.

Harpies: These ->Kindred are proud to be
the social pillars of the Elysium. Their cur-
rencies are gossip and rumors. With the right
(or the wrong) word to a prince they can
secure of ruin a ->Cainite's position in a city
This role is rarely awarded officially; over time,
mostly those who have the relevant abilities
attain the position of H. Most of them are
unimpressed by bragging and show amazing
insight into the Kindred nature. Those who
cross H. have a veritably guaranteed place on
the lowest rungs of the social ladder for years
to come.

88

oS SS —

* Hattenborough, Sir Francis: Eighth Gen-
eration >Brujah; *1794, #1850. Brujah rep-
resentative in Vienna. Member of the city's
equivalent of a ~primogen. H. hails from ru-
ral English nobility and was given into the
care of his future >sire by his father to pay
back gambling debts. H. served as a >ghoul
for decades. To this night, H. is one of the
rare cases in which a ghoul fed on Kindred

>vitae regularly and still aged. H. was sent
to Vienna by his sire to keep an eye on the
developments there. Soon, H. earned the

>Tremere's trust and now belongs to
Vienna's most influential Kindred

© Haven: A common term used for the place
a ~Cainite regularly retreats to in order to
protect himself from the burning rays of the
sun and his enemies. If the Second >Tradi-
tion is followed to the letter, a Kindred is
sovereign within his H. and can actually put
other undead in their place here.

© Head: Younger
>lush.

>Kindred's term for a

 Healer's Clan: Old term for the >Salubri
from the Book of Nod. Alludes to their clan
>Discipline of >Obeah.

© Heart's blood: The last residue of a

>Kindred's vitae, drunk by a diablerist in
the act of Amaranth immediately before
the victim's soul.


* Helena: Member of the Clan of the
Rose. Which other clan could claim to
have the world's most beautiful woman — if
you lend credence to the ancient Greek sa-
gas — among its ranks? H., daughter of Zeus
and Leda, is the reason for the Trojan War.
But ~+Arikel's childe doesn't play an impor-
tant role only in ancient Greece, she later
fought on the Roman Empire's side in its
struggle against Carthage. Her feud with
the Brujah -*Methuselah >Menele is al-
most legendary, and both probably still plan
each other's destruction tonight.

* Heralds of the Red Star: The world's most
famous ~>seer cult; at the same time, one of
the youngest. The cult leader, V. Harriet

*Bakos (V. is for Vampiresa, which she
hates), is actually neither a seer nor a >Kin-
dred. The H.'s assemblies she or her seers
organize tend to be mystical or pompous and
have all the typical ceremonial features of a
spiritualists' séance. At this point, the cult
has five seers, and Harriet herself has been
traveling the whole Western Hemisphere in
search for more. In Brazil, she met a member
of the Tremere who told her about a so-
called "Order of the Wyrm" — whatever that
may be — within the Usurper Clan, but af-
terward, a member of the -*Council of Seven
assured her that there is no such order within
the Tremere.

® Heretic: Follower of the Path of Evil

Revelations.
* Hierophant: High priestess of ->Lilith.

* Hijra: Arabian for "exodus," the present
state of Clan -Assamite while trying to
secure itself a new power base. An impor-
tant stage of that process was reached when
the >Tremere curse was broken in 1998.

* Hiruko: Mystical scion of the divine
couple Izanagi and Izanami, who, according
to legend, created the islands that would later
be called Japan. He was presumably born
even before the islands, but he was "de-
formed" (this probably refers to his mental
state), so his parents abandoned him. The
Japanese undead believe him to be the first
of their kind.

* Holy symbols: The church habitually
blesses a series of implements and symbols
for its own rituals or for other mortals to use

them. The most remarkable symbol is of
course holy water, which usually consists of
spring or tap water that has been blessed by a
priest. In the Dark Medieval era, mortals used
holy water as medicine, sprinkled fields and
animals with it or poured it around their
houses to keep away evil spirits (like us) and
fend off witchcraft. If the priest blessing the
water has True Faith, areas sprinkled with
the holy water are uncomfortable or even
unapproachable for us. The same is true for
faithful people not from Christian religions
and their symbols.

The church blesses many other things as well,
from seeds to armies going to war (which is
not really consistent with that faith as far as I
can judge, but maybe my outside view is wrong
here). Church bells, houses (especially on holy
ground), pilgrims' staffs, weapons and bread
and wine (especially hosts) and of course

>crosses are among the things that can be
blessed that way.

© Horseman: A nomadic —Cainite of the
+Sabbat. The term probably refers to the Four
Horsemen of Apocalypse.

1. Ancient Egyptian deity, wor-
god of revenge with a falcon's body.
— 2. H. is probably the most famous oppo-
nent of the vile -Antediluvian Set; the
hatred and revulsion the >Setites feel for him
even in these nights probably means that he
still exists and leads a war that began over
5000 years ago. However, he is definitely no
childe of >Caine but has mastered undeath
in another fashion due to a mysterious ritual
performed by his mother, Isis. H. is a
>mummy, a being whose body can be de-
stroyed but who is in a constant cycle of re-
birth and retains the memories and abilities
from his past lives. His seemingly eternal
struggle with the Setites hz de the former
pharaoh careful, sometimes even aggressive
toward Kindred of any clan. Needless to say,
no one knows where H. resides.

¢ Hrothulf: ~>Ventrue; a strange representa-
tive of the +Kingship Clan who has chosen
Milwaukee as his hometown. What makes
him strange is that he separates himself from
his own clan and is not interested in the area's
politics although he is the eldest of his clan.
The old warrior deliberately leaves the stage
to Gracis >Nostinus

ENCYCLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA

89

Aaic rite
ei | the Cults have

sense:
already made the same

‘Ant
astake. Yfon shontdn
ite a 2 Leaner
hey Aa
ike that... Ip they
fe: put to bed those

ot rites, the Assam
At have become tead-

f att Kindred bong

wig
ers 0

agp.


¢ Hulul: Leader of the > Assamite ~rantitribu.
The H. is ritually destroyed by his clanmates
every 100Vears.

© Humanitas: The degree to which a Kin.
dred still retains a residue of --humanity

© Humanity: A basic part of the human
psyche measuring how much of his human self
a ~Kindred can retain in spite of the curse of
vampirism. Basically, it is H. that keeps our
kind from becoming mindless animals, slaves
of our bloody thirst for >vitae. Buta Kindred
following the ~Path of H. is still no saint
Kindred are predators by nature, and H. only
enables them to pretend otherwise. Unfortu-
nately, the sheer existence of a Kindred is
anathema to his H. Mortals tend to follow the
Path of H., too, by the way, if only for lack of
knowledge: they simply know no better.

© Humanus League: Defunct Tremere se-
cret society. It historically consisted of those
tare Tremere who sought a rebirth of mortal-
ity. They hoped that purification of their souls
would allow them to rejoin the ranks of mor-
tals, so they showed their love of mortality
through charity, compassion and defense. Of
course, the demands of the Tremere hierar-
chy and the almost inescapable damnation of

ENxcycLopaeDia VAMpyRIca

the Kindred condition leave little room for
such personal conscience...

© Hunedoara: Medieval castle in eastern Ro-
mania among the Carpathian Mountains. In
its crumbling glory, H. seems sad and unfriendly,

H. never found its way in the area's annals,
It was built centuries ago as a defense for the
gold mines nearby but was soon known as
an unshakable bastion that repelled the
sultan's armies time and again. For 200 years,
it withstood the Turkish invasions and sey-
eral would-be conquests. Then Ciglesz, the
renegade lord of the castle, gave H. to the
Turks. Several Christian armies tried to pun-
ish him for it, but to no avail. After the siege
of Belgrade, the Turks left H.

As the Kingdom of Hungary fought against
the Ottoman Empire, events of even larger
significance transpired in the ranks of the
undead. A bloodline of thaumaturgically
gifted Kindred had appeared, and no one
knew whether they had attained undeath
through the Embrace or through terrible
magic. The group's leader, Tremere, fer-
reted out -Saulot, the ~>Salubri ~-Antedi-
luvian, the first Kindred ever to attain the
mystical state called +Golconda, and

+diablerized him. The --Inconnu, some of
the mightiest Kindred ever, had considered
Saulot their chance for redemption fora long
time. None of them doubted that the
Tremere's sudden appearance was almost as
dangerous as fabled -Gehenna. For the first
time in many centuries, a meeting of.
Inconnu was called. This meeting sent 12 of
the mightiest members of this ancient sect,
presumably former pupils of Saulot, to the
Tremere homeland to move into a fortress,
not unlike their >Ceoris chantry, to be able
to make faster countermoves against the
Tremere from within its walls.

So, the small group invaded the old build-
ing before the Hungarians could lay claim
to it again and performed a ritual to erase H.
from the memory of mortals.

Later, mortals erected a second castle called
H. in the Carpathian Mountains. No mortal
has entered the first one again since that fate-
ful night. Maybe it is the Inconnu's home base.

¢ Hunger: The urge to feed, just like in
mortals and other animals. But in Kindred,
H. is much stronger and replaces all other
urges, desires and joys.


Faction within the ~Brujah
that follows its own personal crusade, with
no regard to organization or establishment.
The I., the largest faction within the clan by
far, take up their own agendas, the passion-
ate Brujah blood inciting them to rebel
against... well, whatever they find that needs
rebellion. History doesn't mean anything to
them: it's the now and here that counts.

® Idealists: Faction within the ->Learned
Clan consisting mostly of Kindred who
look for rationale and theory rather than the
hectic action of the +iconoclasts. Some can
still remember Carthage and its founders'

dreams of a perfect Kindred society

* Ignobilis Ritae: -Sabbat term for all ritu-
als specifically designed by certain packs.
As opposed to the -rauctoritas ritae, the I. are
rituals that vary from pack to pack or were
even specifically designed for one pack's needs.

¢ Ikkenai: Fifth Generation +Gangrel; *28,
#49. 1. was the daughter of a Saxon lord. Born
in the woods around the city that these nights
are called Aix-la-Chapelle (the Romans
called her home valley "Granus"). 1. believed
in the Norse pantheon. Early on, she learned
to fight with a sword and to throw a spear,
since the Saxon women traditionally fought
alongside their husbands. Grew up with sto-
ries about the "forest dwellers," as the Saxons
called the Gangrel. Later leader of the so-
called "forest faction" of Kindred in Aix-
la-Chapelle. See the -Aix-la-Chapelle
timeline.

¢ Illuminati: Secret order intending to illu-
minate humanity, founded in Ingolstadt/Ba-
varia in 1776.

¢ Immortal Children: ->Abomination.

* Imperial Order of Master Edenic
Groundskeepers: Radical spin-off from the
*Royal Order of Edenic Groundskeepers
founded in the 19th cent.

¢ Inanna: 1. Sumerian goddess of love. — 2.
A ~Malkavian claims this name for herself,
though there could be more than one I., since
all high priestesses, among them Gilgemesh's
wife, took this name in the holy marriage. I.
was one of the first of the Moon Clan to urge
the Roman Empire to fight Carthage. Later,
she pushed the legions northward, and it be-
came obvious that she probably hunted

»Angiwar, the Invisible One. I. clearly suf-
fered from different derangements, but when
her mind refused to be lucid, she usually dis-
appeared. This female Methuselah should
by no means be underestimated. She is old
and — when her mindset is right — a truly
impressive and real love goddess.

© Inauhaten: A strange being with the abil-
ity to die and be reborn, hunted and caught

by the Tal'mahe'Ra. I. revealed to the

»Hand's mages his identity as one of the
few mummies. His knowledge of death, the
shadow realms and their inhabitants made
him a valuable asset for the Hand. It is said
he showed them the way to ~Enoch. Al-
though he is no Kindred, he belonged to
the sect's most respected members and was
protected by it before his death, reportedly at
the hands of raging Lupines.

* Inconnu: A Kindred ~sect, founded in
ancient Rome under the name "incogniti,"
not involved with other >Cainites' trials and

ENcycLopseDIA VAMPYRICA


tribulations or the *Jyhad. The I. are sup-
posedly made up largely of -Methuselahs.
Whether the I. of the modern nights is the
outgrowth of this post-Roman I. is a matter
of much debate is the existence of the
sect at all.

* Indians: Casual -Sabbat term for the mem-
bers of a~*nomadic pack.

* Individualists: Smallest camp of the
»Learned Clan, somewhere between the
*iconoclasts' and the —ridealists' opinions. Its

members try to cooperate for the clan's sake

but do not insist on others obeying their com-
mands, like many elder idealists do.

* Infernalism: Worship of devils and demons
as seducers and corrupters. According to the
New Testament, Satan is Lucifer, the Fallen
Angel. Especially during the Dark Ages, some

>Cainites followed this bitter road, aided by

*mortals. The ~>Baali, some -*Cappadocians
and Giovanni, but also smaller groups of mem-
bers of other clans, tried to better their ex-
istence with demonic support. The most foul
among them even tried to drag the world into
the chaos that Dante describes so colorfully
in his Inferno. Fortunately no one has yet
managed to do so, but I swear that some keep
trying.

© Infidels: A term the ->Sabbat use for any
>Kindred who do not belong to their sect

¢ Injuns: ~ Indians.

* Inner Circle: This group, the true heart of
the ~*Camarilla, meets once every 13 years,
usually in Venice, to charter the course of
>Kindred society — as far as any group can
think it could really tell a race of undead what
to do. Every clan has a representative, usu-
ally the oldest clan member, since only the
oldest may vote for the clan according to a
literally phrased custom. Others can be
brought to the meetings and may speak, but
only the elders can cast the final vote.

One of the I.'s main jobs is to elect the

>justicars. Their election is a long and diffi-
cult process, since all clans want to place their
best representatives into key positions. Those
who are finally put into office usually are can-
didates of compromise or even obscure Kin-
dred the I. deems easy to manipulate.

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

* Inner Counc
>Tremere.

Council of Seven,

* Inquisition: Mortal historians use I. as the
term for the terrible face the Catholic
shurch presented to the world from 1231 to
1834. But Kindred who have a certain sur-
vival instinct know that the I. did not die in
the 19th century, but exists in the modern
nights and is more terrible than ever.

The public eye doesn't see the l.'s recent ac-
tivities due to strict secrecy. The -Society
of Leopold, as it is called tonight, mainly,
but not exclusively, consists of Catholics.
The I.'s "interconfessional" membership is
dedicated to eradicating our race and seem-
ingly other supernatural: beings, a goal that
the society eagerly worked toward under the
leadership of Monsignor Amelio
»Carpaccio for 17 years. But when the Mon-
signor died of a heart attack in 1998, the so-
ciety had to master an internal crisis that had
accumulated over the course of a decade

Fear and insecurity paved the way fora leader
who was sure of herself and her modus oper-
andi: the Austrian Ingrid Bauer, the so-
called Iron Maiden. Now, ~elders tell sto-
ries about defectors from the I.'s ranks who
betrayed their -Cainite masters, a high-
ranking ~Ventrue and his rival, a

>Lasombra. Presumably, both Kindred still
sit in some unknown dungeon where they
are tortured by I. ~witch-hunters. -Neo-
nates whisper about ~*coteries that were de-
stroyed by sword-wielding Society of Leopold
members demonstrating a savagery hitherto
unknown and great skill. The greatest worry
for the Kindred, though, are recent reports
about napalm attacks on long-established

havens, some of them having been left
undisturbed for decades. See also Society
of Leopold.

* Internalists: Followers of the -*Path of

Self-Focus.

¢ Inyanga: ->Gangrel; Chicago's
»primogen for the Clan of the Beast left
the city before -Xaviar made his mysteri-
ous opting-out speech to the war council in
Baltimore but has returned in the meantime
— to her city, not to her official position.


© Irad: "The Strong"; --Caine's third childe
and thus probably the last of the Second
Generation who fell victim to the Third
Generation, just like Enoch and ->Zillah.

* Iron Hag: Common sobriquet for Baba
Yaga.

@ilsis: 1/ Ancient Egyptian goddess of the
sky, of fertility and life, sister of Osiris and
mother of Horus. Depicted with cow horns
and sun disc. — 2. Together with her brother
and her son, I. fought corrupt >Set in
predynastic Egypt. She developed the spell
of life that made it possible to raise the dead

toan eternal life as mummies. I. was killed
by Set.

¢ Istanbul: Also called Byzantium or
Constantinople; few cities can look back
on a more turbulent history than Turkey's
modern capital. The settlement was prob-
ably founded due to the efforts of a

Cappadocia called --Byzar, but its rise be-

gan when the ~Trinity (1), consisting of ;

»Michael, Antonius and >Dracon, arrived
by 350 B.C. The Trinity observed the customs
of the >codex of legacies, and due to its lead-
ership, their city was even more glorious than
Rome at the time — and just this proved to
be its downfall. A group of ancient Roman

»Kindred calling themselves only the incogniti
were crazed with anger and envy and set about
bringing Constantinople down, which they
achieved in 1204 through the crusader armies.
The city burned, Michael was destroyed and
the incogniti retreated, shocked by the amount
of suffering they had caused, and vanished
from undead society. Afterward, the city sur-
vived through a long time of being conquered
and under the power of various >princes who
were mostly -*Fiends. The last ->Tzimisce
prince was Johann Paleologus, who was re-
placed by the Osman ~Ventrue Mustafa,
who still interprets the city's >Traditions to-
night.

A never-ending night filled with exotic thrills
awaits visitors these nights. A large number
of various kine populates the ancient roads;

on the Great Bazaar, negotiations run late into
the night; excellent Turkish baths tempt pass-
ersby with their commodities; numerous
nightclubs and discotheques are a sign of many
inhabitants' desire to dance; and in the smoky
coffeehouses along the Mesrutiyet Cad, you
can meet an Assamite and discuss contracts.
The city is dominated by Clans Ventrue and

»Toreador, but many other Kindred stay only
briefly in this beautiful, historical place, for
the Clan of the Hunt stalks the dark alleys,
and its presence seems to worry most Kindred
so much that they prefer to stay as short as
possible.

* Ivory Bow: Magical bow made of rowan
wood and ivory. Arrows fired by the I. cause
terrible pain to >Kindred and ~Lupines.

ExcyctopseDIA VAMPYRICA



© Jacob: Schizophrenic but quite power-
ful Fifth Generation -Malkavian; # 75
Resides in Milwaukee, where he spends his
unlife in a house at the border of the ->*Kin-
Bee lonitincted: region! instheasibucetl
Greensdale. His madness subtly but unde-
niably permeates the domain. Childe of

»Abd ar-Rahman. He has a Middle East-
em look and distinguished exterior; thinks
he is the biblical J. as well as his brother
and arch-enemy, au. Esau definitely is
achosen name; J. created this personality
when he was -*Embraced. J./Esau denies
the ~Jyhad's existence to stress the pro-
fanity of undead existence.

¢ Jalan-Aajav: Fifth Generation >Gangrel

and Third ~Seraph of the ~Black Hand.
In life, the giant J. presumably rode with
Temujin, better known as Genghis Khan,
who destroyed the European lands in the
12th and 13th cents. If you regard him with
scrutiny, these assumptions seem to be true.
Nothing is known about his >sire, and I
don't even dare to dream of asking him. One
thing is certain, though: at some point, he
appeared at Regent Melinda ->Galbraith's
side and now seems to answer only to her.

Probably Fourth Generation
*Assamite and a former leader of that
>clan. Destroyed by >ur-Shulgi in 1999.

¢ Janni: Probably Sixth Generation

»Assamite. She was born in Israel and grew
up with a burning love for her homeland,
and her father's stories kindled the flame of
her great pride for her country and her
people and her strong determination to pro-
tect both from enemies even more. She put
all her strength into her military training.
She learned Arabic and was instructed in
Palestinian culture and mentality. She was
also taught to kill, with and without weap-
ons. When her trainers considered her

ENc¥CLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA


\
s

CR

TIMELINE: JERUSALEM

18th century B.C.: Israelites enslaved by Egypt.
14th century B.C.: Akhenaton and ~Nefertiti rule Egypt; the chief of the village of J. sends

597 B.C.:
Babylon.
589 B.C.
588 B.C.:
586 B.C.:
545 B.C:
538 B.C.:

175 B.C:
169 B.C.:

166 B.C.:

165 B.C.:

63 B.C:

26:

30:
70:

132:

them a letter of deference.

Yahweh's followers flee from Egypt.

Salomo becomes King of Israel and Juda

After Salomo's death, the empire is divided into Israel and Juda (including J.).
Assyrians try to conquer J. Ahaz, then king of J., decides hot to join the defen
sive alliance of other small'stares and delivers the city.

Led by King Nebukadnezar, Babylon defeats Egypt and Assyria; like all other
small states in the'area, Juda and J. become Babylon's vassal states.

Under King Jehoiakim and his son and successor Jehoiachin, J. rises up against
The rebellion ends with the city's defeat.

Second rebellion under King Zedekiah. Babylonian troops lay siege to the city.
Rebellion q¢elled: Firs cirizensi@t Jdeported to Babylon.

J. stands empty.

King Cyprus of Babylon decides to send the cult of Yahweh back to J.

42,360 citizens, 7,337 slaves, 200 temple singers, 736 horses, 245 mules, 435
camels and 6,720 donkeys leave Babylon for J.

The returned citizens gather to erect a new altar in the old one's stead.

J, again is a religious center with a weak but growing economy and slowly
increasing population.

Alexander the Great dies; faraway Judea and J. suffer from competing expan
sionist efforts of Mesopotamia and Egypt.

Antiochus IV becomes King of Judea. Hellenization of J.

Antiochus pillages the temple treasure and tears down the city walls to build a
fortress for himself and his troops from the stones:

Judah, nicknamed "Maccabeus" (hammer head), organizes his firsw attacks on
the city's Greek populace,

Greeks defeated by Maccabeans.

Pompeius, perhaps under the influence of a Roman -*Toreador, conquers J.,
and Judea becomes a Roman province.

Julius Caesar assassinated.

King of Judea assassinated.

Herod.becotnes King offudes:

Herod starts thinking about a successor.

Herod dies; his son Archelas now calls himself "ethnarch."

The Roman governor sends troops to Judea to sell part of Archelas's riches as a

compensation for unpaid tolls and to take a census to see how many people
live in the area.

The new procurator Pontius Pilatus sends troops with giant Augustus statues
to].

+Jesus comes to }, and cleans out the temple.
Vespasian; who has been fighting for several years in Galilee, is declared em
peror by the Roman senate and leaves his son Titus to command the ttoops
while he returns to Rome. Titus conquers J. and destroys the temple to Yahweh
on the Temple Mount.

Jews try in vain to organize a revolt against Rome.

Giga aaa o~

ENxcycLopaepia VAMpYRICA

96

ee die ian ele el ee ee ee ee ie ee ee Pepper

395:
431:
438:

444:

610:
620:
634:
635:
638:
815:

880:

1009:
1017:

1021;
1030:
1054:
1063:

1095;
1096;

1099;
1100:

1114

1119:
1142:
1169:

1180:
1187:

1192:
1193:

1948:

1967:

Council of Nicea makes Christianity thé Roman Empire's official religion.
Jews chased from J. as "killers of Christ."

>Helenaldiscovers a portion of the suspected True Cross on a journey through
the Holy Land:

+Etheria of=*Clan~>Brujah >Embraced on a pilgrimage to J
Christian Church excommunicates the Nestorians as heretics,

Rumor spreads that Jews may return to J., but upon entering the city they are
stoned. Eudocia, wife of Emperor Theodosius, leaves her husband after a visit

toJ.

Budocia returns t6 J. and builds a hospital for pilgrims and a house for che
patriarch.

Persians conquer J.
The archangel Gabriel brings Mohammed to J. on his winged horse Buraq.
Muslims make camp at Bethlehem to conquer J.

Muslims conquer J. with almost no bloodshed.

J.' official surrender to the Muslims.

The Cappadocian ~rAbraham Embraces the Jewish scholar »Adam be
cause he needs help in studying the holy mysteries.
Caraites split off of Jewish faith.

Caliph al-Haqim has the city's churches and synagogues destroyed by his troops.

AL-Hagim ends alll restrictions against Jews and Christians and returns their
property to them.

Al-Hagqim vanishes without a trace.
Armenian Christians settle in J.
Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians excommunicate each other.

Christians build a wall around the Christian quarter; Muslims who have lived
here for generations are expelled.

In spite of the Muslim rulers' relatively moderate attitude, Pope Urban III
decides that a religious quest could convince some of the divided European
kings, dukes and barons to cooperate instead of going for each other's throat.
Begin of the First Crusade to reconquer J.

J. conquered by mainly Frankish crusaders.

Baldwin becomes (Christian) King of J. All Muslims expelled from the city.
Begin of the reconstruction of the Al Aqsa Mosque.

The founding of the >Templars. They move into the mosque.

Al Aqsa Mosque consecrated as a Christian church,

Nur al-Din first writes down his intention to expel the Christians from the
mosque and reconquer J.

*Hannah Embraced by +Ephraim.

Nur al-Din's nephew Saladin leads an army to the Holy Land and meets the
crusadersin Galilee on July 4. They are cruelly defeated.

Five-year peace treaty between Saladin and Richard the Lionhearted.
Saladin dies, From now on, a strange, threatening presence keeps Kindred
from J.

Jewish quarter almost completely destroyed when, supposedly, -»Malkav stirs
in = forpor.

Reconstruction of the Jewish quarter begins, partly financed by Meyer Amschel
*Rothschild.

EncycLopaeDIA VAMPYRICA

97

T can owls warn
about the
Jocaxtations.. Que
ob them a woman
called Aivpho, even
daned fo publish on


Sorry, but those new
justicars you have
elected are a joke, fd
may say so. And a
bad one at that...

ready, they gave her a new name and sent
her to a refugee camp. J. joined the PLO
like her superiors had planned and quickly
climbed the ranks of the organization. It
hurt to kill members of her own people, but
she comforted herself with the future re-
venge. J. kept coming closer to the leaders.
But she would never attain revenge, for one
night she found herself in a mountain for
tress without knowing exactly how she had
arrived there. As a woman she had a hard
time among the ~fida'i, but she silenced
all critics. Rumor has it this young >-Rafiq
wants to be the first female ~-caliph.

¢ Japheth: (Hebrew) 1. The biblical son of

Noah. People in northern and western Pal-
estine are called Japhetites, progeny of J. —
2. The first childe of the > Antediluvian

»Cappadocius. He is -diablerized by
Claudius ~Giovanni before the >Ama-
ranth against his sire.

© Jason: Sixth Generation —>Malkavian;
*Milwaukee 1876, #1903. Was arrested for
murder as a mortal in 1901 and sentenced
to death; he sat on death row until 1903.
Was Embraced by —Jacob there. Was
tutored by Jacob from 1903 to 1953. Knows
the truth about his ~sire's two personali-
ties. Of slight build; speaks softly. Resides
in the domain of Milwaukee, where he has
his haven ina spacious penthouse on a run-
down little building block. Represents his
»clan in Milwaukee's primogen as his s
puppet without being taken seriously and
without any real influence.

© Jerusalem: Hebrew: Yerushalayim, capi-
tal and second largest city of Israel, center
of the Jewish faith and Jewish spiritual life,
in the Judaic Mountains, 370,000 inh.
(among them more than 90,000 Arabs). J.
is also a holy city for Muslims and Chris-
tians. The old part of town, dominated in
the east by the Mount of Olives and in the
northeast by Mount Skopus, has for centu-
ties been divided into a Christian quarter
in the northwest, a Muslim quarter in the
northeast (temple square with Al Aqsa
Mosque) and along the western wall, an
Armenian quarter in the southwest (with a

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

98

citadel and the Tower of David, remnants
of Herod's palace) and a Jewish quarter.

¢ Jesus: Central figure of Christianity. In
spite of all historical calculations, it is cer-
tain only that J. appeared around 30 A.D.
His home was Galilee, his hometown
Nazareth. The gos of Matthew and
Luke show him as an active proponent of
love and justice walking toward a divine
future. The gospel of Mark shows the
miracle man who redeems the world
through his suffering. In the gospel of John,
J. appears as "the word," claiming "I am
the way, the truth and the life!" J. didn't
bring a new theology, but like all of Israel,
believed in God as the creator, lawgiver,
lord and judge. J.'s call for a realization of
a limitless love for God and man after his
example is a parallel of God's love and
mercy. His claim to be able to forgive sins
in God's stead was heard with terror; the
self-confidence with which he put himself
above Moses, the law and the prophets d
stroyed the foundation of the Jewish reli-
gious scholars' existence. In an act sup-
ported by the Roman conquerors, he was
killed in Jerusalem by crucifixion. Accord-
ing to several reports from the New Testa-
ment, J.'s followers witnessed his resurr
tion and ascension. Other, less trustwor-
thy, sources claim he had been >Embraced
by "Judas," a mysterious >Malkavian (and
in all certainty not the fallen apostle), im-
mediately after being taken down from the
cross. I commit this last to print only to
supply all opinions. Anyone lending any
credence to it should be staked repeatedly
and viciously.

¢ Jocastatians: An obscure bloodline
suspected of >Malkavian origin. We know
nothing about them.

¢ Justicars: These six powerful Kindred
are the judges the —>Inner Circle has es-
tablished as the *Camarilla's enforcers of
the +Traditions. J. are the ultimate author-
ity within the Camarilla and for all Kin-
dred, with the exception of the Inner
Circle. They have a power superseding that
of princes to judge in issues of the Tradi-


tions. J. decide upon the punishments for
those who have severely violated the Tra-
ditions; the accused may expect no merc
J, are expected to call a conclave when
they want to pass judgment, but over the
years, this has happened less and less the
more powerful the J. grew. J. have the
power to call a conclave whenever they
see fit, either to confirm a decision or to
make one that a justicar doesn't want to
make on his own.

The endowment period for J. is 13 years,
and only other J. can question their deeds.
If things become problematic, the oppo-
nents or another justicar can call a con-
clave anytime to settle a dispute.

The present J. are Jaroslav ~Pascek
(Brujah), Maris ->Streck (~»Malkavian),
*Cock Robin (Nosferatu), Madame
*Guil (Toreador), Anastasz di Zagreb
(Tremere) and —Lucinde (Ventrue).

¢ Jyhad: Every *neonate hears about this
unholy war of ~>clan against clan, elder
against childe. But especiz
existing under the protection of the

*Camarilla or the ~Sabbat, it belongs to
the realm of the many legends permeating

*Kindred existence. However, the really
important question is, why is there a]. and
who plays at it? The question why is not a
simple one, for we have to go far back in

ly for neonates,

history to answer it. According to the
>Book. of Nod, it was the archangel Uriel
who came to see our Father in the First
City and warned him not to sire any
childer, for their blood would carry his
curse and they would inherit his envy and
be damned to betray and fight each other.
According to this origin theory, Caine did
not take this advice and sired childer who
begat childer in turn. Although the J., a ter-
rible war, did not start before the fall of the
Second City, its origins lie within the First
City, when Caine was still among his
childer, for brothers and sisters envied each
other for the attention of the Dark Fa-
ther. Thus, Uriel's prophecy came slowly but
inevitably true. When Troile finally rose up
to destroy Brujah, the J. began in earnest.
The Second City fell and the
»Antediluvians fled with their childer to
found their own cities and to use the >kine
in their war. Thus, the J. raged for centu-
ries, and the elder ones retreated to the

shadows to manipulate their progeny, who
in turn led kine in their wars against each
other. This was many millennia ago, and
the J. rages on. The two great

*sects, the
Camarilla and Sabbat, are sometimes de-
rided as mere tools in this perpetual struggle.
The Antediluvians themselves and their
childer lead the J. from the shadows as they
have done for millennia.

EncycLopepia VAMPYRICA

99


ERE EZ,

5 el Es Ge 6

e 5 $ 4
TI MANTIS i ° gs
TA MW SAN Val
f SAW 8 : Lb
ia 2 tae ae
PORN S Adarp was gretce with Babayell
hay And had concepucd and borne achyloe
é A WPL p deurlics of the erehe of P ape tof hell

Welde thep2 partpament of Pp mapdemplde
QM whac mau had mad her wombc to {wel
Cotempst her pe cendeto {ride
Ber chploes fader whocan tell
tm he Dpde iith her tho werkes wide

y

Pes Zee eee eereeerer eee

Aeees

|
|


* Kaen: Rarely seen name for Caine, the
*Dark Father, in a *Ravnos's dialect.

® Kafir: Arabian for "infidels." Derisive
*Assamite term for Kindred of other
>clans.

© Kahn, Marge: Member of the ->Clan of
the Moon; a dangerous, power-hungry
*Black Hand member claiming to be part
of the Clan of the Rose. Is in charge of
Supervising several missions. Through lies,
betrayal and lastly the proof that the Hand
is every bit as corrupt as the other sects, she
managed to rapidly rise from hapless field
agent to the position she holds these nights.
She claims fame rightly due to her subordi-
nates for herself and places blame for fail-
ings on them. As if all this weren't bad
enough, an even darker mystery surrounds
the Malkavian, fostered by rumors that she
isin league with demons and tries to suborn
the Hands as a whole.

© Kamut: These groups resemble the

»*Camarilla's -coteries except for the fact
that they consist of nomadic members of the

*Sword of Caine assembled for a specific
purpose. Roughly, you could say there are two
sorts of K. One is the K. that young sect
members form on their own, and the other
is assembled by sect elders to handle spe-
cial assignments. In any case, the K. gather
tosolve problems and go on missions a single
~Cainite couldn't brave.

* Karolus: This Dutch member of the
Learned Clan belongs to the ~-Sabbat. It
is known only that he is probably a renegade
childe of the former ~Brujah primogen of
»Amsterdam (who has relocated to the U.S
in the meantime). Active first in the area

around Aix-la-Chapelle, then in the Rhine-
Neckar-Triangle after 1997. »-Ductus of a no-
madic —+war pack. Is often mistaken for
Charlemagne due to his name and his activi-
ties in Aix-la-Chapelle.

© Karsh: Member of the ~Beast Clan; little
is known about this warrior's origins and

»sire, as he doesn't speak about them. But
still, one can easily find enough to say about
this extraordinary member of the >Gangrel.
K. isa faithful Muslim who, even in undeath,
never fails to pray in the direction of Mecca
regularly. He is a founding member of the

»Camarilla, and the Inner Circle turns to
him when diplomacy and subtlety fail. He is
the sect's warlord, the first and only to ever
bear this title, and if he says the word, the
justicars go to battle. Not long ago, a dis-
pute occurred between K. and the former
Gangrel JusticarXaviar, for K. doesn't want
to turn his back on the Camarilla. Probably
this conflict will continue for a while, and it
is very possible that according to the clan's
ancient traditions, much bloodier encoun-
ters between those two could ensue. Of
course, numerous ugly rumors surround the
man who has risked his existence countless
times in battle for the sect.

© Kartarirya: Member of Clan
unknown generation. K. is probably one of

zimisce of

the most powerful and

ENcycLopseDiA VAMPYRICA

101


; >Methuselahs whose actions have been re-
corded in the modern nights. K., also called
the many-armed due to his strange extrapo-
lations of the Discipline of —Vicissitude,
presumably emigrated to the Indian subcon-
tinent millennia ago to look for solitude, wor-
ship and easy prey. His centuries-old feud with
a Nosferatu Methuselah looking for the
same things inspired a whole cycle of myths
the natives of the area treasure. K., the win-
ner in this war, now resides in his old enemy's
sanctum on the island of Sri Lanka, fanati-
cally defends his private property and consid-
ers all of India his personal hunting ground.
Only >Cainites from his line or those who
agree to a blood oath are welcome in "his"
India. Trespassers are often attacked by incred-
ibly powerful ghouls resembling giant gib-
bons or chimpanzees.

© Kaymakli: Like its twin ~Derinkuyu, this
subterranean city served as a place of learn-
ing and teaching for the -*Cappadocians and
the kine living with them as well as a ha-
ven for persecuted Christians for many cen-
turies. But K. harbors a much darker secret,
for when the mortals in the subterranean cit-
ies started living in fear of the pale, undead
figures with whom they shared their haven,

»Cappadocius himself took note and looked
for a reason. Terrified, he found that it was
the sheer number of his line, and he wondered
how his blood could have spread so thin. All
mortals were sent away from K., and
Cappadocius called his whole clan there. I do
not know how he chose those who left the
city again, but it was only a small part of the
Clan of Death; the rest was left to an uncer-
tain, dark fate in a city the >Antediluvian
himself sealed with a ritual. K. was soon for-
gotten, at least until a few years ago when the

»Harbingers of Skulls appeared in the ranks
of the --Sabbat. Their general dislike for
members of Clan ->Giovanni fuels the rumor
that the interred Cappadocians could finally
free themselves or were freed.

© Keeper of Elysium: The K. is responsible
for anything that happens within the

»Elysium. He can allow or forbid any planned
event on its hallowed grounds. The K. must
guarantee that mortals do not enter the
Elysium during undead affairs and that every-
thing works smoothly. Most K.s are named by
the prince, often serving pro tempore until
they have proven worthy.

Excycopsepia VAMpyRICA

102

¢ Khabar: Arabian for "tradition,"
»Assamite term for their faith and code of
honor.

¢ Khayyin: --Assamite term for ->Caine,
the -*Dark Father.

¢ Khunufseh: Magus; some 15 years ago one
of the last mages who faithfully served the

»Black Hand. These gifted mortals' num-
bers had been dwindling for a while, but K.
started a campaign to bring more mages into
the sect at a quicker pace. Soon, the opera-
tions he orchestrated from a small chantry
in Paris were crowned by success, and this
success convinced even his >Cainite oppo-
nents. Tonight, the Hand enjoys the services
of a few mages who have sworn loyalty to
the sect under K.'s recruitment efforts.

*"Kiasyd: This >bloodline is suspected to
be the result of a failed experiment of Clan

>Lasombra. A handful of its members tried
to find out where their powers of shadow-
mastery really came from. But unfortunately,
one thing or another went wrong during the
experiment; this was later ascribed to the
dealings with a mage who probably sold the
Lasombra a wrong ingredient. The partici-
pants in the ritual were changed physically
and mentally. The Amici Noctis met and sen-
tenced all of them except for one to Final
Death. Marconius, who was still young in the
blood, was banned and forbidden to sire.
Centuries later he resurfaced, and he had
sired. In one night those who now called
themselves K. destroyed or chased all >Kin-
dred of Strasbourg and claimed domain in
the city. Physically, all K. are slender and tall
and:have completely. black eyes and elon:
gated fingers. They possess Cainite Potence
and can manipulate the shadows like their
parent clan. Additionally, they have devel-
oped ‘avery ‘mysterious power that allows
them to interact with Faeries. Most mem-
bers of this bloodline are scholars who can
spend centuries in a well-stocked libraty
without noticing how time passes.

© Kindred: Member of the race of Caine.

¢ Kindred of Liberty: Resistance group of
U.S. Kindred in New England against the
>Malkavian William Biltmore. The K.
have a great leader in Battista-* Decamerone
and are very devoted to their cause: freedom
from British oppressors.


* Kindred of the East: --Cathayans, *Kuei-
Jin.

© Kine: Derogatory term used for mortals,
as in "Kindred and k." K. is the archaic
plural of "cow."

* King, Dr. Raoul J., Ph.D.: —>Gangrel.
Born and raised in Detroit. This esteemed
nied relatively youngiby undead stan-
— he was Embraced in 1968 by an-
other celebrated member of the Kindred sci-
entific community, Lord Ashton, and thus
belongs to the 1 1th Generation K. has made
aname for himself especially by editing and
iadiahinw his sires collectedtnotes. K. cook
his doctorate degree at the University of

Michigan or Minnesota and then worked as
ajournalist and an author. He wrote a book
on the Rroma for whom he did research in
Great Britain, among other places.

* King, Quentin III: Eighth (former Ninth)
Generation *Malkavian; *1776, #1811.
Former Prince of the Domain of Boston. Fled
the city in 1999 after conflict between the
sects left the Giovanni as the most domi-
nant ~Kindred faction there.

© Kingship Clan: Old term for the ->Ventrue
from the -*Book of Nod. Alludes to the clan's
lead role within the ~Camarilla, but also
within any other, earlier structures of -Kin-
dred society.

* Kleist, Dieter: Seventh Generation ~>To-
reador; *1851, #1881. K. is the chronicler of
*Vienna's most powerful -Kindred:
*Etrius, member of the ->*Tremere's -*Coun-
cil of Seven. K. was born in -*Berlin and met
Etrius in his early years. Soon, the councilor
managed to hire K. to be his tailor, so he had
to visit Etrius at least once a year in Vienna
to deliver his latest creations. During one of
these visits, Etrius told K. what he really was
and offered the mortal to follow him into
the night. Unfortunately, the Toreador
Maria >y Aragon heard about the imminent
»Embrace, abducted K, and Embraced him.
Etrius raged, brought the object of his desire
back into his ~chantry and taught the
*neonate the Kindred's customs together
with Astrid Thomas. It is said Etrius had
bound K. by a blood oath, just to make
sure, but that is an unproven innuendo.

* Knights Templar: Also Templars or Knights
of the Temple, a religious order of knights
founded in 1119 by Hugues >de Payns, who
supposedly was influenced by some supernatu-
ral force.

EncycLopepia VAMpYRICA

103


Bs KarlcldnKachariga® Sixth Generation

>Ventrue; *1485, #1507. First childe of
Gustav ~>Breidenstein. K. was born in the last
days of the despised Inquisition as the bas-
tard daughter of one of the priests who craved
the ~Kindred's destruction so much. Her
mother was Breidenstein's maid at the time.

¢ Kothar: Sixth Generation Nosferatu;
exact CV unknown; #1100 B.C. Born 50 years
before David conquered Jerusalem for Israel,
K, traveled between the settlements of the
Jordan River valley as an itinerant craftsman.
But when he contracted leprosy, he was ex
iled into the Hinnom leper colony, where the
Jewish conquest was irrelevant; no ruler de-
manded more than distance from lepers
There, he was Embraced. Through the fol-
lowing centuries, K. was the whisperer of
God's words to the lepers and, through them,
to the world beyond. Since the Black Death
epidemic in the 14th century, he lies in tor-
por under Hinnom.

* Krenyenko, Ivan:
just the latest in a long row of aliases in this

»Raynos; the name is

infamous —-Cainite's unlife. He embodies all
that others hate in the Ravnos. This rogue has
committed numerous crimes through the ages
amarilla -justicars and Black Hand
Seraphim alike curse K.'s name. If you look
at his MO, though, it seems improbable that
he will drop by to chat with any of them any-
time soon. Only one thing is certain: K., in
any number of guises, has been present at many
of the great events in >Kindred history

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

104

* Krieger, Marc: Seventh Generation

>Caitiff; * 1451, #1476. Was Embraced
together with two other Caitiff; they had a
hard time in an era when the -*Camarilla
was still young, princes maintained their
domains with iron fists and —justicars let
their >archons hunt for anarchs like
bloodhounds all over Europe. K. traveled to
the New World and fought at Jeremy

»MacNeil's side. He claimed to fight for

*Kindred freedom everywhere, and the
word was his strongest weapon. In ~Frank-
furt/Main he got to know a young Tremere
and fell in love with her, but her fellows de-
stroyed her for her anarch contacts. Pres-
ently, K. is suspected to be in Vienna to ex-
act revenge on the Tremere.

¢ Kuei-jin: An Asian Kindred; the term
is recently invented slang that mainly young
Kindred use. Probably from Japanese "Gui
Ren" ("demon people").

© Kumpania: ->Ravnos equivalent of a co-
terie. Often used to refer to one or more

>Cainites traveling with a whole family of
mortal Rroma or Sinti

¢ Kupala: Demon whose dark heart has poi-
soned the very >Transylvania for
many centuries. By some accounts, this spirit
of the land inspired the imisce ~anarchs
to break their ->blood oaths and thus trig-
gered the Anarch Revolt.

soil of


from Greek mythology built by King Minos on
Crete. — 2. Renowned as well as notorious are
the Nosferatu L.s serving as a security mea-
sure for their subterranean havens.

® Laibon: A bloodline with a special rela-
tionship to the Dark Continent's deserts,
savannahs and jungles. These childer of
*Caine — for they are suspected to be
>Cainites — practice their own form of blood
magic, which is very potent in its own way.
They are the country's original medicine men,
and all of them have a distinct sense of jus:
tice allegedly hailing from the teachings of
their founder, Kamiri wa Itherero. He was
Embraced by a Cainite whom the blood-
line knows as Fakir al Sidi. It is unknown what
clan he belonged to. The L.'s home is mainly
Middle and South Africa, and they do not
seem to take part in the ~Jyhad that occu-
pies other Kindred. They first appeared in
Europe during the Middle Ages and made a
name for themselves as brilliant storytellers,
but immediately before the Inquisition
Started its gruesome campaign, they disap-
peared. Only centuries later, when Africa was
colonized, the other clans came in contact
again with this mysterious bloodline whos
members exhibited unheard-of control over
the Beast within.

© Lamia: 1. Progeny of L. (2). The powers
they inherited from their —sire clearly dis-
tinguish them from Clan -*Cappadocian, so
they became a bloodline of their own that
was faithful to its parent clan. To the best of

Kindred understanding, all L. were female.
Even when the old Clan of Death was
hunted and destroyed by the Giovanni, they
stood at their brethren's side and fought with

them. If you want to believe the Giovanni,
they stopped the "unholy worship" of the Dark
Mother by the L. by exterminating the blood-
line. — 2. Originally a member of the >Clan
of Death; in life, she was a priestess of >Lilith,
the Dark Mother, and was supposed to feast
upon men's souls. She was -*Embraced by

»Lazarus and thus should have become

»Cappadocian, but the Dark Mother's power
was strong in her, and she remained L., the
first of the L, (1). Although her ~sire avoided
her following the Embrace and, according to
reports, never looked her in the eye again, she
felt indebted to her clan. But she never gave
up her worship of Lilith and taught it to all
her progeny. Her loyalty toward the Clan of
Death persisted until her destruction by
Augustus Giovanni, but it was supposedly
she who cursed the Giovanni family so that
their members' Kiss would bring no ecstasy,
but only pain.

© Lantla: Original name of ~Tiamat.

* Larouche, Antoinette: Eighth Generation
member of the Clan of the Rose; *1915,
#1943; >primogen in Berlin. As one of the
first of her clan to do so, L. turned to an art
form that became possible and blossomed only
with the last century's achievements. Few can
withstand the magic of film, for how else could
you capture a moment so intensely to keep it
for eternity? As far as I know, L. lost control
just once, when her ~sire was destroyed by
mortal hunters. In her time as primogen, L.
proved to be a follower of Prince Wilhelm

»Waldburg, and the rumors that she had
managed to force him into a>blood oath are
possibly true.

¢ Lasombra: 1. One of the two founding clans
of the --Sabbat. As opposed to the >Tzimisce,
the L. devote themselves to the sect's political
affairs and lead the Sabbat with quick wits and
merciless authority. The clan is wellspring and
master of the Discipline -Obtenebration.
Many members of the clan consider themselves
and not the + Ventrue as the true Kingship
Clan, made to lead all -Cainites. Kindred
who do not belong to the sect claim the L. to
be false and crafty — but of course, that's pure
propaganda. — 2. 3rd Gen. Cainite and
founder of L. (1). L. was betrayed by his childe

»Gratiano at the outset of the >Anarch Re-
volt and possibly -rdiablerized by an

»Assamite ~antitribu. At least, that's the offi-
cial version. And I won't say more.

Encyctopaepia VAMpYRICA

105


> after
fj enc fo
wan oes rulersh iP not
45
as but aa
Mt the
pers Gi "see neber

learn oe

@ your
And whal are yo"

son he
feeling Albertus?

Nosferatu, A

\
BS
5
\

¢ Last Daughter of Eve, the: According to
the Book of Nod, a woman who will be born
during the Final Nights in whom lies the
only hope to prevent the apocalyptic rising
of the ~Antediluvians. According to the

+Chronicle of Secrets, she can be recognized
by a crescent-shaped mark. (A birthmark?
Probably in the neck, but possibly somewhere
else on the body.)

Lazarus: ~-Cappadocian; the childe of the
»Antediluvian --Cappadocius is probably one
of the most enigmatic figures in Kindred, es-
pecially because rumors insist he still exists. His
role in Kindred history is hard to evaluate, but
one thing is certain: he plays a very important
and maybe much darker role than we know.
Although the -*Clan of Death as a whole al-
ways had problems gaining a foothold in
»Setite-dominated Egypt, L. has called the
land his home for an eternity. He Embraced
»Lamia and then grew afraid of her. When
Cappadocius called all his progeny to
»Kaymakli, he was the only childe of the
»Antediluvian not to heed the call. Later,
»Caias came to demand an explanation from
him, and an epic struggle between the two
»Methuselahs ensued. Caias was destroyed and
Lazarus went into torpor. Afterward, his trace
is literally lost in the desert sand, and he was
not present when Augustus Giovanni was
»sired and later exterminated his clan. But he
seems to be linked to Baron >Samedi or (more
probable) the -*Capuchin. If the latter is true,
his role in destroying the Cappadocians must
be reevaluated. In any event, he, in a way,
gained something from it. It is certain that he
probably has the widest knowledge about his
sire, his clans and goals.

¢ Le Fanu, Antoine: Fifth Generation mem-
ber of the Clan of the Moon; #ca. 900. Sired
Father lago (1077, as a counselor to the
Tuscan countess Mathilda) and ~Biltmore
(1642). Main opponent of the -Nosferatu

»Methuselah Trajan. Presently trying to
monitor the ever-increasing Kuei-jin influx
on the U.S. West Coast; supposedly existing
under cover in L.A.

* Learned Clan: Old sobriquet for the

»Brujah from the --Book of Nod. Alludes to
the clan's philosophical and scholastic tradi-
tion in antiquity and the Middle Ages.

© Leech: 1. A mortal who drinks the >blood
of a Kindred but has no master. — 2. ->Lu-
pine term for "vampire."

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

106

Leeland, Robin: Seventh Generation mem-
ber of the Learned Clan. L.'s origins go back
to the first millennium A.D. His early days
are shrouded in mystery, but some believe he
was already a Kindred by 1100. Some even
pointed out that his name and appearance
have a certain similarity to drawings of the
famous Robin Hood. L. himself doesn't com-
ment on that, though he likes to impress

>neonates by casually talking about King Ri-
chard the Lionhearted, the -*Crusades and
his nights in Sherwood Forest.

No matter who may have ~sired him, L. has
been fighting tyrants as long as anybody can
remember. His rugged features appeared at
many peasant revolts during the Dark Medi-
eval period. During the French Revolution, he
supported the citizens rising up against nobil-
ity. Since then, he's been active in Europe. As
opposed to many wilder > Brujah, he has never
traveled to America. He rather considers the

»Ventrue and Toreador influence over Eu-
rope his most important problem.

* Lerterimas: Fourth Generation member
of the Clan of the Moon. ~Sired Louhi
in 200 B.C

¢ Lextalionis: ~ Blood hunt.

© Lhiannan: This >bloodline I mention
only for completion's sake, for it is extinct.
Its origins are unknown, but the L. are cu.
mored to have kept with the beliefs and the
faith of the Celtic druids. They understood
the power that ran through the Earth's ley
lines and were able to use it. The bloodline
was surrounded by an aura of savagery and
magic that finally proved to be its downfall,
for the Inquisition's ~witch-hunters could
make them out more easily for what they
really were. I only wonder how the

»Camarilla would have reacted to such

>Kindred if they still existed in the nights
of the omnipresent Masquerade. Probably,
the Inquisition did us a favor.

© Li, Ch'ang: ~>Kuei-jin; the elder of Beijing
has a similar office as the Western princes.
Asa mortal, he rode with Genghis Khan and
became a bodyguard of the Kublai Khan af-
ter Genghis Khan's death. He has disdained
westerners since he encountered Marco Polo,
but at that time, he didn't give in to his
warrior's instincts as he is wont to do in re-
cent years. Beijing and L.'s court have long
been a place where not only representatives


of all Eastern courts met, but where even
westerners could stay witha little grace. L. is
described as a perfect host and an excellent
master of his domain. But in Beijing, things
have changed, too, and the Kindred of the
East now hunt any Western Kindred — and
L. is an opponent to reckon with.

® Lick: Irreverent term used by younger
Kindred for a member of our kind.

® Life: A euphemism for human —>blood. I
consider this term affected and tastele:

>Lilith.

* Lilins: Vampires who worship
Bahari.

© Lilith: Also Lilit, in the Talmud Adam's
first wife; in the Jewish-Babylonian mythol-
bey x female storm'demon' See ‘also Dark

Mother, Book of Nod

* Lilith Cults: A form of *Gehenna cults.
Generally, they worship —Lilith, and their
origins are lost in time. The plural was cho-
sen intentionally, for there isn't such a thing
as one "true" cult. Rather, the ~Dark

Mother's worship is spread among dozens of

Small, separate cults that nevertheless have
a common philosophy and even cooperate
if necessary. Outsiders call Lilith's undead
followers ->Lilins after the Dark Mother;
they call themselves Bahari. Although the
Vast majority of most L.'s members are fe-
male, especially the -hierophants, many
male Kindred have joined the cults as well.

® Lineage: Although younger ~>Kindred
have almost completely forgotten this fitting
and traditional word, I personally (and with
me many, many of my peers) prefer it to the
colloquial term —rbloodline, for a line made
of blood can be wiped out or painted over,
but the firm trunk of Caine from which
we all spring is unshakeable and obvious.

* Litany of the Blood: A text written in

*vitae on mortal or ->Cainite skin, intended
to celebrate the memory of fallen --Sabbat
martyrs. The L. serves to further tie sect
members to each other and to bring strength
for the future.

* Lodin: Member of the Clan of Kingship;
though the former Prince of Chicago was
Re eSsecal yertsiaeo and his Slices
still vacant, he is mentioned here because
he brought an innovation to the ~Camarilla
during his last years that especially many

»elders are not happy about — the war co-

teries, groups of mainly young ->Kindred only
assembled to fight the Camarilla's enemies.
In other words, they.are young —-Cainites put-
ting their unlives on the line for their elders
night after night. The imminent problems are
obvious, but I want to point out how close
the Camarilla has come to imitating its oh-
so-monstrous enemy's methods in assembling
these packs

© London: The capital of Great Britain and
the Commonwealth was first mentioned by
Tacitus as the Roman settlement of
Londinium. The city on the River Thames is
an important port and trading center of Eu-
rope. It is the royal residence, the seat of the
government and the parliament and of the
Anglican archbishop of Canterbury as primas
of England and of the Catholic archbishop of
Westminster. For centuries, L. has been the
stage for a struggle between the > Ventrue and

»Tremere that threatened to spread to the
whole island. But the Clan of Kings kept
the capital as its domain, which is mainly due
toPrince -Mithras. Even his disappearance
during the bombings by the German air force
during WW II didn't change a thing, and Lady
Anne ~Bowesley succeeded him as prince of
the domain.

© Lopez, Alfonse sombra antitribu of un-
known generation. Like many likeminded
Lasombra, L. fled to Granada during the
Lasombra clan purges in the 15th cent. He
thought that piracy was the best way to hurt
his greedy clanmates. His plans worked out,
and all Lasombra efforts to arrest him failed.
Thus, he became a sort of bogeyman or mon-
ster in the stories that Lasombra elders tell
their young clanmates. As he has not been
seen for more than 50 years now, many hope
he and his dread ship have finally sunken to
the bottom of the sea. Others assume he is
planning a last campaign against his clan.

¢ Lotharius: Fifth Generation
*1000, #1030; former Prince of Vienna.
L., a childe of -Etrius, became chantry
leader in Vienna shortly after his Embrace.
During a stay in Berlin in 1235, he encoun-
tered the dreaded +witch-hunter Karl

»*Schreckt, conquered the mortal and Em-
braced him. In 1351, L. returned to Vienna
and declared himself prince of the city, an
office he held until he gave the city to his

»sire by the end of the Middle Ages. His
present residence is unknown.

»Tremere;

EncycropaeDia VAMPYRICA

107


Well it becomes move and more
bsious that things transpired 0
fl afferent. Fersonaly
assume that the Siend s
@utedilusian soul managed l

this audacious whelp »

uoutp

foay.< Bat if that is teue,

9
shore ia he nowt £

* Louhi: Fifth Generation -Malkavian; *292
B.C., #20 B.C. Daughter of ~Lerterimas. An
ugly old hag, always stinking of various repul-
sive alchemical experiments and carrying a
warped black staff imbued with several runes.
L., whose thaumaturgical skills rival those of
the Tremere ~relders, is a figure of terror in
vast parts of Finland. Over the years, her mad-
ness has become deeper, and presently she is
whispered to be working on a grand ritual to
blot out the sun.

© Loyalist: Member of the >Sabbat refusing
to follow his leaders' orders out of respect for
the sect's goals. The L.s believe in shaking off
all constraints to be capable of true loyalty to
the sect. They are not very popular in the
Sabbat.

© Loz: Speculated to be one of the four "Aralu"
(or +Antediluvians) resting in Enoch. L. is
assumed to be another name for Toreador.

ENcYCLOpaeDiA VAMPYRICA

108

: The name the --Antediluvian
>Cappadocius used during the height of the
Roman Empire.

¢ Lucinde: Sixth Generation > Ventrue;
*1640, #1656. L. was made ~>justicar of her

>clan in 1998. Childe of her predecessor
Severus. L. remembers little of her life as a
mortal. Since her Embrace, she has served
almost all Ventrue justicars as an archon
— often because they wanted it, but some-
times because she wanted it.

© Lugoj: Aka Oathbreaker. > Anarch of
Clan >Tzimisce. Presumably, L.
»diablerized the clan founder of the
Tzimisce and fell into torpor afterward, L.
had a pact with the demon lord —>Kupala,
who is said to have given L. the formula for
breaking +blood oaths. According to recent
rumors, though, L. was destroyed long ago.

¢ Luna's Demons: ~Abominations.

© Luo: One of the oldest *Cainite sects in
Kenya. This group's founders were —Setites
who came south to search for the fabled
source of the Nile and finally found it in what
is called Lake Victoria tonight. According
to the Setites' legends, the source has secret
powers, so they stayed there and decided to
protect the place from all outsiders. Over the
centuries, they became a violent sect always
fighting in the front row when it came to
protecting Africa from conquerors. Only the
oldest of them know the original reason for
their aggression; younger ones use guerilla
tactics to attack, torture and kill Caucasians.
Fora while, they worked with the Nyayo,
but the peace this group seeks did not sit well
with the Setites, and it is only a matter of
time until blood from both groups is shed.

¢ Lush: A contemptuous term for -Kin-
dred who regularly drink from mortals intoxi-
cated with alcohol or other drugs so that they
can experience a "secondhand rush."


* MacLaren, Ian: entrue}; a successful
banker of Scottish descent Embraced in Lon-
don in the 19th cent. Until the 1970s, he was
one of the most successful investment bankers
of the -Kingship Clan, but then he made a
series of financial mistakes and was advised to
leaye home. He went to the New World and
became Prince of Kingston/Ontario.

* MacNeil, Jeremy: Eighth Generation
*Brujah; *1631; #1657; prominent figure
among the Los Angeles ~ranarchs. M. was born
in the Scottish Highlands at a time when his
clan supported Prince Charles I, and soon was
feputed to be a skilled fighter among his clans-
men. During a skirmish, he raised the atten-
tion of a Brujah's who thought the young Scots-
man could make a worthy addition for a whole
different sort of clan.

The mortal Clan MacNeil didn't accept M. any-
more afterward, fearing him to be the devil's
spawn. At night, however, M. continued to fight
for his mortal clan's cause. Soon, he started fight-
ing for the Itish, too, who were oppressed even
more fiercely by the English than were the Scot-
tish. He found that the English would not for-
feit their "rights" in Ireland and that the war for
freedom would be long and bloody. Repulsed by
so much bloodshed, he traveled to America only
to find that conflicts were brewing in the colo-
nies, too. He decided on a side and supported
the struggle for independence.

Like many Brujah, M. was forced westward to
L.A. by the +Ventrue expansion. When the
prince of the city,a-*Toreador, ordered his min-
ions to attack the Scotsman, M. became the fo-
cus of the anarchs' cry for freedom. When the
dust had settled, he found himself to be the new

leader of L.A.

M. hasn't been heard from in several years at
this point, raising significant doubt as to his
continued existence.

© Mad Tom: ~ Malkavian of unknown gen. Im-
portant dates of life and unlife unknown. Ran a
British asylum for the insane. ~Sire of Crazy
Jane, whom he turned into one of his vampiric
slaves. Supposedly destroyed when she commit-
ted Amaranth on him.

* Madrid: —-Sabbat capital of Europe since
1997. The size of M. is not the only reason why

the -Camarilla would never attack Clan
»Lasombra's metropolis of its own accord. Af-

ter many years, an intense bond still links me to

my city of birth, but there is also a feeling of

hatred because it has been manipulated by my
»sire's talons for so long.

© Magister: Archaic sobriquet of Clan

»Lasombra.

* Malachite: 1. A mineral [Cu,CO,(OH),] con-
sisting of a green basic carbonate of copper that
isan ore of copper and is used to make orna-
mental objects and jewelry. — 2. Member of
the Clan of the Hidden; the so-called Rock
of Constantinople and founder of the M. fam-
ily during the >Trinity's (1) reign. M. disap-
peared before the fall of the city, but these nights,
he stalks the streets of Damascus and hunts the
infernal >Baali

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

109

|

clever

ayy,

mote

ling the Bak? @
more... oF abaya
vie all should feaen mud
Joon the Clon of the


© Malkav: Third Generation Kindred and
founder of the -Malkavians; *ca. 4,000 B.C.
According to a letter from Rafael --de Corazon
to Genevieve -Orseau that I happened to ac-
quire, he is the second-oldest clan founder, a
twin of +Arikel, the Toreador clan founder

In the early nights of our history, he is supposed
to have been one of the more important Kin-
dred, but
with madness for a severe crime. When the
*Second City fell, M. and his coterie fled to
»Petra. Later, especially under Nero, M. was
sporadically active in Rome.

*Caine cursed him and his progeny

It is sometimes assumed that M. is the ancient
Kindred lying in guarded slumber under Petra
It would be possible that he rests under Jerusa-
lem. instead. In any event, somewhere in the
Middle East, an -rAntediluvian devoured by
madness lies in torpor, which, according to my
theories, is a catalyst of the never-ending un-
rest in the area. A Lupine scholar I discussed
these thoughts with recently shared my opin-
ion. Other, less credible sources, assume that M.
rests close to the North Pole

© Malkavian: Clan M. has suffered enor-
mously and still suffers into the modern nights.
Every member of this clan is afflicted by insan-
ity, and they are all slaves of their crippling
madness. Throughout -Cainite history, M.s
were feared for their bizarre behavior and es-
teemed for their even more bizarre insights.
>Kindred who regularly deal with M.s tell that
these Kindred are more unstable than ever in a

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

110

morbid fashion and that madness follows in
their wake like an infectious disease. Even if
the M.s are historically divided and disorga-
nized, the recent wanderings and inexplicable
assemblies have many ~relders wondering what
a possible future for the mad clan might look
like — and dreading the answer.

* Maltheas: -Ventrue; the Methuselah of
the >Kingship Clan was present at various im-
portant events of Kindred society, especially
in Transylvania, where his presence angered
the -Fiends. This is small wonder, though,
since he is a reputed ~Inconnu ~monitor who
has been active in the area for quite a while.

¢ Manus Nigrum: The legendary and dreaded

»Black Hand or >>Tal'mahe'Ra. The sect is so
secretive that most-> Cainites are not even
aware of its existence. Originally, it was prob:
ably a mortal death cult in the Old World. Over
the years, the sect was divided into an Eastern
section called Tal'mahe'Ra and a Western one,
the M.,, because of disagreements about the
sect's future. As opposed to its Eastern couns
terpart, the M. was very interested in ->Kin-
dred politics. After centuries, both parts of the
sect reunited. Little is known about the M.'s
true aims. Some claim it hunts the

»Antediluvians, while others are convinced
that the imisce elders lead a long shadow
war against the sect. Rumors that the sect mem-
bers long ago began compiling a genealogy con-
taining every Kindred they met and their ha-
vens to present it to the clan founders upon
their awakening strengthen those theories. The
same is true for the legend of the "Aralu of

»Enoch," or supposed slumbering Ancients,
Allin all, it seems probable that the Hand sees
itself as a direct servant of something that the
rest of the Cainite society either considers a
legend or fears more than the fires of hell. [am
not sure how far the sect is tied to the -Sabbat's

>Black Hand, but there are certainly paral-
lels, and it may be a sort of sect-within-a-sect.

¢ Marcello, Tomas: Member of Clan

>Tremere; CV and generation unknown;

»Prince of Caracas. M. claims domain over a
region inhabited by more than 2 million kine,
though the area's -Brujah and + Toreador con-
stantly test his authority. To date, all their ac-
cusations concerning M.'s cooperation with the

*Sabbat and innuendo about how closely M.
resembles certain members of Clan Giovanni
have not led to his stepping down.


* Marchettus, the Bold:
*Brujah; *1198; #1234.
*founders.

xth Generation
Member of the

* Marcén, Corinne: ->Tzimisce, probably
Sixth or Seventh Generation. This fashion
designer prominent among —Cainites espe-
cially enjoys her fame among the Toreador.
She fetches high prices for her designs, and her
exclusive creations literally cling to their wear-
ets like a second skin. It is amazing, however,
how well informed M. seems to be regarding
Hie people wearing her clothes.

* Ma-Ri-Ah: M., who would be known as
Black Mary, was called Ma-Ri in her mortal
life and was the daughter of a powerful lugal,
or regional overseer, in the city of Ebla. When
»Mi-ka-il was Embraced, M. was a beauti-
ful young woman and became one of his first
followers and worshippers. She really believed
him to be the god he claimed to be.

M, became his most loyal follower. He re-
warded her with his blood and preserved her
beauty by making her his ghoul. He taught
her to read and write. For decades, M. was
Mi-ka-il's favorite — but even that wasn't
enough to save her.

When Ebla was laid siege, Mi-ka-il vanished.
M. was stuck in the city and spent the last days
of her life writing down her story, her know!-
edge and her hatred for her false benefactor on
clay tablets. When the invaders finally
breached the walls, M. impaled herself on Mi-
ka-il's sword and shed her blood on the tablet.

The tablets were cursed for eternity when they
were burnt in the flames that consumed the
city. They were lost but recovered about three
centuries later during excavations in the ruins
of M.'s home. After Ebla had fallen for the last
time in the 18th century B.C., they were spread
all over the known world. Some made it to
Ugrit in the hands of refugees. One of the tab-
lets' owners tried to sell them to a scribe who
spoke Eblaitic. The scribe, a servant of the
—Baali, recognized M.'s words as the tale of a
ghoul and brought them to his master, a priest

of Baal called Anaduk.

Upon closer examination, this man realized
that the tablets contained more than just M's
memories; they also contained her feelings.
With the help of >Auspex, he channeled the
hatred and destructive passion the writing con-
tained. He could taste M.'s >vitae, feel her

»Presence and soon realized that he desired her
like none other. Desperately, he sought fora way
to restore her to life and asked for help from his

demonic master Anoster, a member of the
plague-ridden host of 36 demons called the
»Decani.

In his effort to revive the long-dead woman,
Anaduk pledged himself to Anoster and sold
him his soul. Anoster sent Anaduk a succubus
who would devour the tablets and become the
result of all they contained,

But the tablets were incomplete, and M. was
only partially restored. She was beautiful but
black like the burnt tablets, full of incoherent
and fragmentary memories and devoured by
hatred. She killed Anaduk and drank his blood,
and by drinking his vitae became a Baali. Then
she fled into the night and began to look for the
other tablets to retrieve her lost memories.
For centuries she searched for the fragments of
her identity, following a sixth sense to ferret out

the remaining shards. She was successful: all of

the tablets were recovered and taken in. Black
Mary finally reached her goal to find the patri-
arch of Constantinople again, but only be-
cause it was Michael's wish. When Peter the
Humble finally led her to him, she destroyed
both Cainites and ~-diablerized the patriarch.
When taking in his memories, she discovered
that he had never intended to leave her alone

nd that she had only found him because he
wanted her to. She raged through the city and
destroyed all of Michael's progeny she could find.
Finally, she turned to Anoster, her demonic
mentor, and planned his downfall. In the 18th
century, she had assembled enough power and
infernal allies to overthrow Anoster and become
a full member of the Decani.

© Marij: *Ma-Ri-Ah

© Marijava: These are the so-called secret hunt-
ers, a >ghoul family of the >Tal'mahe'Ra. Long
ago, the family's head was also the leader of a
Thuggee cult, a criminal sect of raiders and as-
sassins serving the dark goddess Kali. He also
served the early mages of the Tal'mahe'Ra and
was made a ghoul as a reward. His own family
worked for the sect, too, while he taught them
the intricacies of robbery and murder. Finally,
all children of the family were selected for a life
as ghouls. This was the beginning of this ghoul
family, and it still serves the sect as thieves, mur
derers and spies.

Encyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

lil

All rumors statin,

g thal Uys
person was oviginally a mem-
ber of. any house a clan
should heren tlh become
hess! thank Meastop
Bindusara for fs

able

Point

Anowledye.

4istorical remarks


@°s Marques, Entique A lbertos? -*Archbishop
of the -Sabbar in the 19th cent. M. was one of
the undersigned of the Purchase Pact.

* Martinelli's Ring of Clear Thinking: Fabled
magical artifact supposed to have belonged to
an ~elder of Clan -Malkavian. It is assumed
that Martinelli was destroyed during the

»Anarch Revolt. Presumably, the golden ring
rids its bearer of all fears and frailties of the mind.

© Mask: Task force founded by Terence *Merik
in the domain of Milwaukee. The M.'s job was
to safeguard the Masquerade in the absence
of ~archons and ~justicars

© Masquerade: The habit (or better: —>Tradi-
tion) of keeping mortals unaware of the exist-
ence of Kindred. The M. is supposed to pre-
vent Kindred from being destroyed by mortals
and was introduced after the ->Inquisition had
claimed the unlives of many Kindred. The term
itself was coined by the Toreador Rafael de
Corazon during the founding years of the
»Camarilla.

© Meerlinda: Fourth Generation
*1022. Artificially became a Kindred at the
same time as ~>Tremere. ~Sire of John ->Dia-
mond (by the end of the 18th century) and prob-
ably of John ->Dee (1608). Member of the first

*Inner Circle of Tremere. She was originally
responsible for the British Isles, but her duties
drastically changed when the Tremere charged
her with the raw, undeveloped North Ameri-
can continent during the great redistribution

Tremere;

EncycLopsepia VaMpyRica

112

ssohn, Nathan: Seventh Generation
*1576, #1634. M. isa very influen-
tial Warlock residing in Vienna who is pre-
sumably a -childe of Karl +Schreckt. He is
considered a traditionalist, which is probably
the reason for the many rumors surrounding
him. He is said to belong to several secret soci-
eties that, depending on the sources, either
govern the fate of all Tremere or even of all
indred from behind the scenes. Only one
thing is certain: M. hunts renegades who devi-
ate from Vienna's orders mercilessly and
unyieldingly

* Menele: ->Brujah; the philosopher, warrior

and former king is a ~>childe of >Troile him-
self. He was known to believe in the dream of
a peaceful Carthage where all Kindred can
strive for the mystical Golconda, buthe him-
self rarely stayed in the city, because he looked
for allies against Rome. This probably kept him
from seeing what really happened in the city,
and thus he. was not present when Carthage
was destroyed. But this representative of the

>Learned Clan belongs to the few who did not
blame the ~Kingship Clan and did not vent
their hatred against it in an way. M. blamed
the ~ Toreador Helena. He thought she had
betrayed the city, and the struggle between the
two ~*Methuselahs lasted through millennia.
Probably they still send countless pawns to
battle against each other.


* Merik, Terence: -*Ventrue; *Kent 1645;
#Kent 1683; destroyed in Milwaukee in 1992
Former Prince of the Domain of Milwau
kee; destroyed in 1992 by the Mask he had
founded himself

* Metamorphosists: Followers of the -*Path

of Metamorphosis

® Methuselah: If the >Antediluvians are the

*Kindred's angry gods, then the dreaded M
are their demigods and avatars. Sometimes,
between the thousandth and two thousandth
year of undeath, a deep change takes place
within a ->Cainite. Sometimes, this change is
physical; for others, it is emotional or psycho-
logical. Whatever form it takes, in the end, the
Kindred is not even remotely human anymore.
The M. have literally changed from the earthly
realm into the realm of the supernatural and
often retreat into the ground, where they avoid
the thirsty fangs of younger Cainites by slum-
bering. Their powers are vast enough for them
tocontinte their unfathomable plans mentally
and to communicate mystically or telepathi-
cally (and almost always invisibly) with their
minions. Most M. belong to the 4th and Fifth
Generation.

Kindred fear the M., who are supposed to have
a series of dreadful traits. Rumor has it that
some M.'s skin has become stone; furthermore,
stories tell of awful disfigurements, but also of
unearthly beauty impossible to behold. Some

presumably drink only the potent vitae of

other Kindred, while others engineer the fate
of whole nations from their cold tombs.

© Mexico City: --Sabbat capital. As one of the
fastest growing cities in the world, with more
than 20 million inhabitants, M. can harbor a
large number of ~*Cainites (300+). The bray-
est Sabbat Cainites even hunt during the day,
which becomes possible due to the omnipres-
ent smog.

© Michael: 1. Hebrew "he who is as god," an
archangel. — 2. (-*Mi-ka-il, +Beshter); ->To-
reador; the wanderer, the patriarch, muse of the
Michaelite family and self-styled archangel. The
childe of Arikel was considered a patron of
the arts even in the Roman Empire and was the
most powerful of his clan to walk the streets of
the Eternal City. But when the Eternal Senate
was only a pale semblance of itself, when the
Pax Romana et Vampirica had gone forgotten and
the clans were at each other's throat, he prob-
ably saw the end coming and left the Eternal
City with his lovers Antonius and -Dracon
to make his own dream come true. In

*Constantinople, the Trinity found what it
had been looking for and over the centuries
shaped the city and its kine and Kindred
after their image. But the destruction of
Antonius and the disappearance of Dracon dev-
astated the patriarch. He had converted to
Christianity in Rome and wanted to be like the

ExcyctopseDIa VAMPYRICA

113

Piangateazey Must be
destroyed... He is an
worelinble factor boy alt

tho work wyith him,


archangel. But in his last years, he really believed
himself to be the archangel M. and chose the
appearance of a stained-glass angel. During the
Fourth Crusade, he was destroyed while the
crusaders burnt down his city.

© Michaela: ~Ventrue. The former Prince of

*New York, like -Lodin, was rumored to
stretch the +Camarilla > Traditions a little too
far. To persist against the --Sabbat, she -Em-
braced a large number of childer. M. died du
ing the battle in New York in 1999.

¢ Mictantecle: ->Mictlantecuthli

* Mictlantecuthli: Originally Mictantecle.
Fourth Generation >Gangrel (originally Fifth
Generation); *67 B.C. on the northwestern
Pacific; #51 B.C.; sire unknown (M. calls him
"the stranger"). Committed —diablerie on an
unknown Nosferatu. Was worshipped by the
Aztecs as their death god.

© Mi-ka-il: Michael, ~Beshter.

® Milan: Former --Sabbat capital of Europe. De-
livered to the -*Camarilla by its prince, the
former Archbishop ~-Giangaleazzo, in 1997.

¢ Milliner: 1. The youngest family taken into
the fold of Clan >Giovanni. They were al
sorbed the 1950s but already supervised some
secret operations of the Clan of Death in
America half a century before. Augustus

Giovanni himself probably liked the head of
the family, Francis M., and offered him and his
family the honor to belong to la familia. In the
past several years, the family has proven its loy-
alty, and rumor has it Augustus has big plans for
it. — 2. M., Francis: Giovanni; the youngest
head of a whole family within the Clan of Death.
Already as a mortal, M. has worked with some
Giovanni to create a small financial empire in
the U.S. His success finally led to his and his
family's introduction into the clan.

® Mischa: ->Malkavian from -> Vienna; genera-
tion unknown. He deserves mention in this work
for his archetypical behavior. Kindred like M
explain the terror we strike into the hearts of
mortals. His wild, unkempt appearance changes
hourly like a chameleon's: M.'s hair and facial
traits — yes, even his gender — are in constant
flux. Maybe it is with him like with many
Malkavians: behind an unassuming fagade that
doesn't seem remarkable at first glance sleeps a
terror deeper than we'd like to imagine.

© Mithras: 1. Aryan god in India and Persia;
symbol for the sun and the light. —

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyYRICA

114

»Ventrue; the assumed childe of the >Ante-
diluvian founder of the -*Kingship Clan was

*Embraced more than 1000 years B.C. Al-
though the belief in the god was revived once
again in the Roman Empire and served the
dominant Ventrue to rekindle patriotism in the
people, the ancient Ventrue himself had noth-
ing to do with this anymore. He was consid-
ered deceased for a long time until he resur-
faced in London during the Renaissance. In
no time, he became ~>prince of the city. In the
centuries of his princedom, a long and bloody
feud tied him to the Tremere —>Meerlinda
and John Dee. In the end, however, it wasn't
the Warlocks' curses and spells that brought
him down, but the Third Reich's bombs. After
WW II, he disappeared, and until recently it
was assumed that he was destroyed. But a

»Kindred that has no outward similarity to the
ancient prince stalks London, a tactical genius
with enormous powers that might very well fit
the vanished Ventrue. If he is really M., the
meaning of his actions are unclear, but he is
probably preparing a decisive strike against the
Winchester Warlocks.

* Mnemosyne: ~Bloodline of the

»Malkavians or possibly Brujah named after
the Greek muse of memory. This Caine-wor-
shipping bloodline aims at keeping and add-
ing to Kindred lore and studies the Dark
Father and the Book of Nod. Its most promi-
nent member is probably Aristotle de Laurent
(See his biography in Appendix Two).

* Mohenjo Daro: This city of the D
an ancient Indian people, was conquered by

wida,

the Aryans ca. 1500 B.C
Clan ~Ravnos.

and is the cradle of

© Moloch: -»Baali; depending on which ori-
gin of the infernal bloodline you prefer, he
either is one of the first three Baali sired by

»Ashur or belongs to the next generation and
was ~-Embraced by ~Shaitan. In any event,
he is supposed to never have trusted Shaitan
and always watched him closely. M. is the rea-
son for numerous Baal cults in Mesopotamia
and later in Carthage. He was reputedly

>Troile's lover and probably was destroyed in
Carthage.

* Mongada, Archbishop Ambrosio Luis:
Sixth Generation +Lasombra; ~Sabbat

»archbishop. As M. never managed to be pope
inspite of all his efforts, he bears the same title
in undead as in life. However, he was no doubt
more influential in this position than many


who ascend to the Holy See. As the leader of
the large abbey of Madrid, M. had consider-
able power over the city's nobles, maybe even
over the whole country, He was the power be-
hind the throne.

M.'s ruthlessness raised the Lasombra's atten-
tion. They did everything they could to *Em-
brace him. As a potentate, M. had countless
allies and protégés in all monasteries on the
Iberian Peninsula. In no time, he Embraced the
most capable ones among them. Soon, the
churches crawled with M.'s childer, and they
all were loyally devoted to him and to the
Sabbat. There are those who insist that the
Sabbat's imitation of the structure of the
Catholic Church was meant to honor M
though he always refused to admit that. The
fact that he was among the first to use the > In-
quisition as a weapon against political rivals
— and that he was no doubt an expert in this
field — is less honorable, though
But the good times passed soon, and Spain's
position of power grew more and more tenu-
ous. The monasteries' power and influence
waned as well, and finally, M. had to recognize
that he was still pulling strings, but that no
puppets were attached to them anymore. At
this point, he completely involved himself in
the +Jyhad. At his instigation, the Sabbat re-
focused on the New World.

As he himself was already too used to his envi-
ronment to leave it, M. stayed in Europe. He
was destroyed by my esteemed coauthor Lucita
and her lover Fatima ~>al-Faqadi in 1999.

© Moderates: The M. are one of the numerous
factions of the -Sabbat opposing what they
consider the sect's growing rigidity. They are not
as vehement as the —rLoyalists, but oppose the
growing number of rules and regulations that
have no place among ~-Cainites in their eyes,
either. If the sect's majority thought about these
things at all, they'd probably belong to the M.
soon out of sheer apathy — things are going well,
but could be better

© Monitor: The M.s are -*Cainites who chose
cities and regions to watch them for their sect,
the >Inconnu. Accordingly, they are very old
and powerful representatives of our kind. They
usually follow a strict code that prevents them
from interfering with polities and other

>Kindred's affairs. Their duty is exclusively to
watch and stay hidden. These Cainites often re-
side in places where one or more potent elders
pull the strings behind the scenes. Probably they
seek to watch and understand these Kindred's

actions, not — in their eyes — the petty
squabbles between the prince and his primogen

or the war between >Camarilla and -Sabbat.

* Monomacy: Traditional --Sabbat duel of
honor following set rules, Such a duel is usually
fought when a younger Sabbat member wants
to replace a ductus. The M. usually ends with
>Final Death.

at least one

© Montaigne, Fédéric: 19th century --Sabbat
bishop. One of the undersigned of the >Pur-
chase Pact.

* Montano: Brother of -*Gratiano and
»Boukephos. Fourth Generation ->Lasombra
>antitribu. A fascinating figure and not equally

well liked by all my clanmates. Small wonder,

for M. is one of the few who turned their backs
to the +S;
the

abbat from the beginning and joined
»Camarilla. M. is not known for the sly-
ness so typical for our clan, but for his human-
ity, and that is another reason for our clan's ha-
tred for him. As a childe of the clan's founders
he may know more about Lasombra's true mo-
tives than the rest of my degenerate clan, and
this is why I have echoed his morality, even if I
never decided to join the Camarilla.

ENc¥cLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

115


ee Ee eee

aaa

* Montpierre, Simone: Seventh Generation

»Toreador; *Paris 1628; #1650; former mem-
ber of the disbanded ->primogen in Frankfurt.
A Toreador took a liking for the young actress
and author, as it happens so often, and —>Em-
braced her to protect her from a devious assassi-
nation attempt by a mortal noble who felt af
fronted by one of her dramas: Unfortunately she
found that most other ->Degenerates did not
share her taste in arts and called her a poseuse
When the French Revolution came, M. was
lucky. She had seen the signs among the popu-
lace and had fled Paris. Together with >Prince
Frangois > Villon, one of the few Toreador who
liked her art, she returned. After the Vichy era,
Villon sent M. to Frankfurt to stifle all embers
of a reawakening fascism.

* Montreal: Significant -Sabbat city in Canada,
Most important trade and industrial center in
Canada in the province of Quebec with more
than 1.2 million inhabitants. Currently, several
factions vie for leadership in M. Experts call the
city the spiritual heart of the Sabbat. The sect
itself calls M. the "City of Black Miracles."

* Moon Clan: Old term for the Malkavians
from the Book of Nod. Alludes to the clan's
ever-changing characteristics (in other words,
its madness) associated with the cycle of the
moon itifaany cultures,

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

116

© Mortis: A -Discipline developed by the
+Cappadocians trying to uncover death's
many secrets. It aims at exploring death's many
aspects, from the open betrayal of the reaper
to killing with a single touch. Rumor has it mas-
ters of M. could defy death. Users of M. are
fascinated with death and the afterlife.

* Mukhtar Bey: Seventh Generation Caitiff;
»Prince of Cairo; #1354. Since immediately
after his +Embrace, M. leads the >Kindred
society in the Egyptian capital and thus has
been fulfilling one of the signs of Gehenna from
the Book of Nod for over 600 years now.

¢ Mulo: Common derogatory ~Ravnos
term for members of other clans. Literally,
it means "dead."

* Mummy: 1. A corpse that has not rotted
due to embalming processes or natural drying,
Artificial embalming was especially common
in Ancient Egypt (kings' tombs). — 2. Due to
the Spell of Life probably developed by —>Isis
herself, some chosen few indeed live foreve

They die like any other mortal, but they are
resurrected and retain their memories of past
lives. During their "dead time," they are in the
Underworld and often possess profound knowl-
edge of this place and its various death cults.
They practice their own form of magic hailing
from the days when +Osiris battled Set. The
number of true M.s is dwindling, for when Set
and his followers destroyed the cult of Isis, the
Spell of Life was lost. The dark god tried to
reach the same goal, but his efforts failed hor-
rendously, and he created twisted, dreadful be-
ings fueled only by their own hatred. For cen-
turies, various groups have searched for the nec-
essary spell, but even fragments of it are ex-
ceedingly rare. Probably it fell victim to Set's
destructive power and is lost forever, just like
the faithful M.s will always fight the dark god.

* Munafiqun: Arabian word for "hypocrite."
»Assamite term for ~>Camarilla ->Kindred.

© Mustafa: ->Ventrue; with the -Toreador's
aid this Ottoman member of the -Kingship
Clan managed to:wrench power in —lstanbul
from the +Tzimisce, and he's been prince there

ever since.>>

© Myrtale: Other name of Petaniqua.

© Mysteries: Seven Circles of Mystery.


* Nagaraja: A mysterious and repugnant
*bloodline whose existence is unknown to
most ~*Kindred, and when it comes to the
N., ignorance is bliss. They possibly grew out
of the mages -Embraced by the
*Tal'mahe'Ra, and their loyalties lay exclu-
sively with this sect until its apparent de-
struction a few short years ago. Rumors claim
the remaining members of this bloodline
sought refuge with the enigmatic
»Cathayans somewhere in South Asia.
Their powers are strange indeed. They ap-
pear to show a certain mastery of the void
itself, and they wield potent necromancies.
What makes these undead sorcerers truly
hideous is their diet: they cannot sustain
themselves exclusively on the blood of
their victims, but must consume their flesh
as well.

* Narses: Sixth Generation ~Lasombra;
*480 A.D., #568 A.D. Commander-in-chief
of the Byzantine emperor Justinian. N. is
supposed to be the ~sire of Alfonso of
Venice and Belizar's adversary in
»Constantinople around 1000 A.D.

Necross: Fifth Generation ~-Malkavian;
*ca. 350, #320 B.C.; sire unfortunately un-
known. The only Malkavian in Vancouver
and apparently a leading figure among the
local Nosferatu. N. founded Vancouver's
Great Library. Is extremely intelligent.

* Neferu: —Follower of Set; this childlike

*Methuselah and the ->Fire Court share the
same history in as much as N. founded the
latter in a time when first Greek -*Toreador
and later Roman ~Ventrue tried to conquer
her ancestral homeland. She conceived the
court as a place for other Kindred to visit
ifthey wanted to address the upper echelons

of her >clan. Furthermore, she uses the court
to find potential weaknesses in her visitors to
prepare them for the eventual subornment of
the Serpents' scaly hands. Although numer-
ous attacks have been staged against the court
as well as its mistress time and again, she and
her entourage literally always rose like phoe-
nixes from the ashes in some other place.

© Necromancy: N. is a Discipline and a
form of magic at the same time that is solely
dedicated to subduing the souls of the dead.
Different schools of N. have evolved over the
centuries, so these nights ->Cainites can study
several separate necromantic paths. Rumors
of "heretical" or heretofore unseen paths crop
up, but nothing consistent is known about
them. Just like -*Thaumaturgy, N. has a vast
complement of arcane rituals. N. also allows
communication with the denizens of the un-
derworld called wraiths.

Nickname for the follow-
»Path of Death and the Soul.

* Necronomist:
ers of the

* Nefertiti: Also Nofret-ete or Nofretete.
Wife of the Egyptian King Akhenaton. Fourth
Generation Follower of Set. *ca. 1350 B.C.;
#1032 B.C. +Childe of >Set. Breathtakingl
beautiful woman with long black hair and eyes
even darker. Famous due to a limestone bust
depicting her. To the amusement of European

»princes, she declared herself "queen of Eu-
rope" recently. Supposedly, her haven can
be found in the +domain of >Berlin.

¢ Nephthys: In the myths about ~Set, N. is
his sister-wife who betrays him together with
his brother Osiris.

© Nergal: 1. Speaking in -*Moloch's words,
N. was the -»Baali's whore, a selfish >Cainite
convinced of his own divinity. Flattery and
words sweet as honey supposedly allowed him
to seduce ~Arikel, made the ~Tzimisce

»Antediluvian share the Ancient's arcane
knowledge with him, and let >Troile discuss
philosophical matters of great importance in
front of N. It seems as if he had planned to
slowly sacrifice a whole town to one of his
demonic masters, when the courageous inter-
ference of several clans brought his unholy
plot to an end. Apparently, the +Lasombra
delivered the decisive blow, and N. was con-
sumed by the hungry blackness they com-
mand. It was probably he who later appeared
out of nowhere in —Ashur, claiming to be

>Shaitan, the first Baali. — 2. Curiously, N.

EncycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

117

The follocvers of this
Path must have spent
too much time in India,
because their whole
philosophy is nothing
more than A poor copy
of a mortal religion.
Fearing Final
Death, they believe they
can buitd a better
untife for themselves
ont of make-believe with
their Aetusions of rein-
carnation.


is also one of the names attributed to one of
the four ~Aralu of Enoch. The -*Manus
Nigrum believed he could be the Antedilu-
vian > Ventrue himself, but now that Enoch
lies in ruins the truth may never be known.

* Neonate: A young, recently Embraced
>Cainite.

* New Orleans: With regard to mood and
atmosphere, N. shows indeed some striking
similarities to certain novels available to the
popular culture. At night, the Kindred are
the undisputed masters of their domain. They
fight their >Jyhad here with the same cruel
relentlessness as anywhere else. And in spite
ofall political, economic and social shortcom-
ings, the city endures, as deathless as the nu-
merous Kindred who call it their home. The
history of N. stretches back to a far earlier date
than the actual founding of the city by Jean
Baptiste le Moyne at the banks of the Missis-
sippi in 1718. It began during the Third Pu-
nic War when a Roman tribune by the name
of Gaius Marcellus was fatally wounded at
the age of 23. A +Ventrue >Embraced him,
and Gaius soon realized that there were
greater things at stake in this war than the
concerns of mere mortals. For several decades,
the neonate stayed by the side of his rire
and excelled at the tasks he was given, but
the meaninglessness of the Jyhad and his sire's
role in it eventually made him leave ~Rome.
During the centuries Gaius spent on French
soil, he never forgot the city he helped eradi-
cate. Long were the tales he told his first

»childe, -*Doran, about the glory of

»Carthage. In the early 18th century Doran
left Europe for the New World and settled
down in Louisiana as the area's only Kindred
at that time; he was ill-prepared for the ar-
rival of another Kindred in his territory and
maybe would not have even noticed it, but
the newcomer, Simon ~-de Cosa, did not keep
a low profile for long. They clashed several
times, and early on in their struggle, Doran
made Jean Baptiste le Moyne, Sieur de
Bienville, the territory's young governor, his

>ghoul. Thereupon, Simon de Cosa assisted
in the governor's dismissal from office. After
that, nothing was heard from the Spaniard
until 1718, and de Bienville formally founded
the city of N. Simon de Cosa continued his
war on Doran for the next 40 years. He showed
no sympathy whatsoever for Doran's visions
and ceaselessly tried to oust his rival. In 1743
he came very close to bringing his plans to a

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

118

successful end, when Doran lost his influence
over de Bienville. De Cosa was of the opine
ion Doran would be at a severe disadvan-
tage without his ghoul and made his move
together with a small gang of his followers
— in vain. Another of de Cosa's attempts to
prevail over Doran in 1755 nearly succeeded,
when England claimed Acadia (tonight
known as Nova Scotia and New Brunswick)
for the Crown. At the same time, the so-
called Cajuns settled in N. and the surround-
ing region, and Doran reached an agreement
of truce with the local +werewolves. Even
for his perfectly honed plans, there was one
thing Doran could not bring under his sway:
international politics. When the Spanish
>Brujah saw de Cosa stagger, they brought
their influence in the New World to full bear.
De Cosa jumped at the opportunity and ros
up against Doran, whom he managéd to
chase from the city this time. The French
colonists of the region were far from pleased
with being placed under Spanish rule. When
they rebelled, Count Alexander O'Reilly
arrived from Spain, killed a number of
Doran's retainers and brought the revolt
to an end. Nevertheless, de Cosa could not
destroy the representative of the ~*Kingship
Clan. The latter returned and remained
>prince of the city until 1955, when he was
destroyed and: replaced by. Marcel
»Guilbeau. In 1960 race riots erupted in N.
as whites tried to hinder the enforcement of
desegregation laws (the prince blamed the
local mages, but especially the younger
Kindred in N. still hold Guilbeau respon-
sible). According to the prince, the infamous
"N. Fairground Blaze" in 1993 can be traced
back to the local mages as well. N. houses
more than 500,000 people in the city itself,
with around 1.2 million in the greater area.

© New York Cit

est city in the United
States, on the mouth of the Hudson River;
consisting of the five boroughs Manhattan,

Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens and Long Islan.

covers an area of 770 square kilometers; more
than 10 million inhabitants. The population
consists of kine of every nationality and
ethnicity, most of whom live in their own,
ghettoized parts of town, such as Chinatown,
Harlem (African Americans) and the Bron:

(Jews). N. houses the United Nations and
offers numerous colleges and universities, fé

mous museums and theaters (including the
Metropolitan). One of the most popular


sights of the city, the Statue of Liberty, rests
on an island at the entrance to the harbor.
N. is one of the largest industrial centers of
the U.S. anda center of international air and
sea traffic.

N. was founded on the southern tip of the
Manhattan peninsula in 1609 by Henry
Hudson as a fur-trading outpost. Atfirst, the
new settlement went by the name of New
Amsterdam. In 1626, the Dutchman Peter
Minnewit bought the peninsula from the
tives for the price of $24. In 1664, N. w
taken by English forces.

Despite all the propaganda circulated by the

»Sabbat even at the height of that ~sect's
influence on the city, N. actually has never
been completely under their domain — the
city is simply too large to quash the pockets
of resistance that will forever lurk in its
Streets and sewers. Almost as a tribute to its
varied, colorful mortal population, N. re-
sembles a quilt of Kindred spheres of in-
fluence, territories, Elysiums and demilita-
tized zones. Moreover, the place is crawling
with Kindred, many of whom are ~*Caitiff,
thin-blooded or otherwise without any po-
litical allegiances.

Before the recent, successful plot the
*Camarilla hatched to take N., the Sabbat
claimed more domain than any other fac-
tion in the city, and much of the mortal
population dwelled in their sphere of influ-
ence as well. The Bronx, Queens and Staten
Island were more or less their backyard. The
former Archbishop of N., a Seventh Gen-
eration *Lasombra by the name of Francisco
»Polonia, represented the Sabbat with an
iron fist and never put up with any opposi-
tion to his plans to conquer the rest of the
city for the Sword of Caine, too. Unfortu-
nately, his strategies were easily discerned by
the Camarilla Kindred who assembled the
plan to overtake the city: he wanted to cut
ioffthe Camarilla's supplies to Manhattan and
literally starve them (no doubt he felt like
he was in the middle of a medieval siege).
Furthermore, he planned to continue and
expand his policy of appeasement with re-
gard to the local >Lupines in Central Park.
Moreover, he occasionally supported the
>Giovanni and Followers of Set with fi-
nancial help to placate them until he felt
confident enough to wipe them out in a sur-
prise attack — an attack that never came.
Even though Polonia suspected the Little

Italy's Giovanni of taking his money with ;
seeming gratitude while they kept on smug-
gling members of the Camarilla in and out of
the city, the archbishop lacked the evidence
to prove his suspicions. If he had:known the
full extent of their treachery, Polonia surely
would have made his move against the Nec-
romancers without giving the aforementioned
evidence any thought at all.

It should be obvious that the Camarilla's
strength throughout most of North America
would have collapsed in a matter of nights if
the sect should have ever been denied all ac-
cess to Wall Street and Madison Avenue. The
results of losing financial markets and media
to the Sabbat were too unthinkable to allow
them to pass. Therefore, the Camarilla held
onto Manhattan with a persistence not un-
like rigor mortis. Even before the retaking of
the city, more than 100 Kindred stayed in the

claimed by the Camarilla on a perma-
nent basis, dedicating their efforts in equal
parts to manipulating boardroom meetings
and upper management, supporting the high
arts and fighting a battle that must not be lost.
The former —prince, a Seventh Generation
member of the ~Kingship Clan named
Michaela, who was destroyed during the
Sabbat campaign on the Camarilla holdings
of the East Coast, at least managed to hold
her domain long enough to gain permission
by her clan's -*justicar to sire progeny with-
out any restrictions whatsoever in order to
defend and stabilize the borders of her (and
the Camarilla's) territory. Her activities se-
cured a safe beachhead for the sect when the
Camarilla's war council decided to retake the
heart and soul of North America in 1999.
The first stage of the attack was a widespread
recruiting campaign by the Camarilla of un-
witting agents in the mortal institutions of the
city: police officers, sewer workers, IRS agents,
etc. The kine gathered intelligence for the
decisive strikes to come.

As the second stage proved, war makes for
strange bedfellows. The Followers of Set sold
potent vitae laced with radioactivity with-
out knowing the special properties of this new
treat they sold to Sabbat members all over
town. The idea behind this clever move was
to make all ~Cainites more traceable for the
Camarilla's retainers.

During the third stage the Camarilla literally
bought the Giovanni's support. Offering them

ENcycLopaeDiA VAMPYRICA

119


on anciont writings
fotly debeded within

Hidden.

Mocording to tt, the
Niotuka arent be

monsters ov demons
Mey wre feleovedd to te.
Falhamor, te
toun Svictube ts
ontop rele as aN
Konorary lille,
meaning ‘se vont of

lhe ancient.

There is more to the
Nihilists than J am
willing to discuss.

remarkable business opportunities in return,
the > Ventrue made use of the Giovanni's in-
fluence on transportation to bring --archons
and war ~*coteries to N.

With those preparations taken, the Camarilla
claimed N. in only a few more nights. Losses
were acceptable, and as soon as the new Kin-
dred of the city had settled in, they placed
>ghouls and other agents in strategic posi-
tions to increase the overall security level in
every possible way. Unfortunately, Polonia
escaped their clutches and is plotting his re-
venge on the Camarilla for taking "his" city.
Another potential cause for trouble are nu-
merous rumors about one or even several
»Antediluvians dwelling in (or under, if you
believe in such fabrications) the city.
Since the city was in need of a new, capable
prince, the war council placed Calebros, a
duty-bound and easily manipulated
osferatu, as Prince of N. His princedom
was apparently not destined to last long, how-
ever; he stepped down from the position
shortly after being appointed to it.
Even though a princeless city only recently
freed from the Camarilla's most dangerous
enemy faces many problems in and of itself,
one of the most famous landmarks of N., the
World Trade Center, collapsed on September
11 after a terrorist attack during which two
hijacked passenger planes crashed into the
Twin Towers. The potential repercussions of
this event are still beyond any comprehen-
sion.

¢ Nictuku: N. is a term the Nosferatu use
only in whispered rumors. With the excep-
tion of three Kindred not blood bound to
their ~sire, the N. are said to be

» Absimiliard's angry progeny. Legends de-
pict them as abhorrent, demonic creatures
whose name alone brings an icy chill to the
blood of every member of the Clan of the
Hidden due to the task their sire burdened
them with. They were told to hunt down and
destroy each and every Nosferatu descended
from the one not bound to the ~Antedilu-
vian (that is, the clan we know as the
Nosferatu in modern nights). Taking a close
look at the accounts of the activities of those
few creatures known to be N., it seems as if
they pose a threat to all Kindred, not only
the Nosferatu.

Encyctopaepia VAMpYRICA

120

Sa —

¢ Night Clan: Old term for the >Lasombra
from the — Book of Nod. Alludes to their clan
>Discipline of »Obtenebration.

¢ Nihilists: The followers of the
Night.

>Path of

¢ Ninmug: One of the "Aralu." Some mem-
bers of the >True Black Hand claimed him
to be Absimiliard.

¢ Ninth Wave: A ~Gehenna Cult founded
in 1890 A.D. named after a Tennyson poem.
Its motto is "Do not suffer a witch to liye."
The members of the N. believe »Gehenna
will arrive when magic in the world has
reached a critical level they call "the Flood"
or "the Second Flood." This level of magic
will enable the +-Antediluvians to rise from
their slumber. According to the leading >el-
ders of the cult, the >Masquerade not only
hides the ~Kindred's existence from the pry-
ing eyes of mankind physically, but actually
keeps mortals from being able to allow >Kin-
dred into their concept of reality.

The N. has developed a threefold plan for
averting Gehenna. First, the Masquerade has
to be upheld no matter the cost and by any
means necessary. Therefore, the N. loathes
the -Sabbat and its methods, because its
members believe this sect will only bring the
destruction of all Kindred. That is why they
refuse membership to any ~>Cainites of the

»Black Hand.

Second, the cult is determined to kill most
of the mages on Earth to keep them from
opening other mortals' eyes for other reali-
ties. Third, the cult attacks the strange be-
ings commonly known as ~faeries as well
(although they more often refer to them ¢
"sidhe"). The cultists show no doubts con-
cerning their philosophies and point to cer-
tain passages in the Book of Nod and their
own theories with regard to the nature of
>torpor and the Kindred's mystic powers to
offer proof of their beliefs. Many members of
the cult believe faerie advance troops or
scouts are already active on Earth. They col-
lect information on the fae, ranging from
current eyewitness accounts to ancient tales,
myths and legends about their enemies. The
cult maintains an extensive library in
Edinburgh, Scotland, that contains numer-
ous mystical tomes; vials of mage, werewolf
and fae blood for experimentation purposes
anda complete map of Earth's ley lines. Even


though the cultists' mindset seems irratio-
nal and deluded, their dangerous activities
can stir up significant trouble for unsuspect-
ing Kindred who maintain even the loosest
ties to mages or the fae.

* Nod: The land beyond the Garden of
»Eden where, according to certain passages
in the Book of Nod, "the light of Paradise
lit up the night sky and the tears of our par-
ents wet the ground" and Adam and Eve
went after being banished from Paradise.
Here, our Dark Father's fratricide of Abel
took place. Possibly, in ancient Enochian N.
means "lands unknown" — hence, all the
lands beyond Eden that had not yet been
named

* Noddist: 1. Scholar dedicated to study-
ing the Book of Nod. 2. A Follower of the
»Path of Caine.

* Nomads: Nomadic -+*Sabbat members, or

members of a -*nomadic —pack.

® Nomadic Pack: As opposed to —founded

»packs, N.s roam the world, staying for a
short while anywhere they please until they
grow bored or have stirred up too much
trouble for their own good. Often larger than
a founded pack, sometimes numbering as
imany as 30 members.

© Nosferatu: 1. Generally, the >Clan of the
Hidden is widely known for the hideous ap-
pearance of its members, and it is this ap-
pearance that manifests not only in their
telations to the other clans, but also in the
manner they usually seek refuge. For count-
less millennia, the clan has hidden from the
prying eyes of mortals, which led to their af-
finity for sewers, catacombs and subway tun-
nels, Subterranean realms called labyrinths
exist under most cities. In >Cainite society,
the N. are famous (and infamous) for being
extremely well informed and willing to trade
for that information. Their knowledge has
been a good defense from unnecessary per-
secution in the past, but with the informa-
tion age getting into full swing, some of their
~relders are slowly beginning to realize the
potential power the Hidden truly possess.
The clan has been with the >Camarilla from
the sect's beginnings, even though especially
the Toreador are fond of pointing to the
fact that each and every N. is an abominable
monster. I can only call their agenda enig-
matic at best, but some rumors claim they

are preparing for more severe persecution and
extermination attempts at the hands of the
so-called -Nictuku. Moreover, they are one
of the few remaining steadfast pillars of power
the Camarilla can rely on in North America.
— 2. The clan's --Antediluvian founder is
supposed to have been an excellent and re-
markably handsome hunter: After his -Em-
brace, however (probably by Zillah), a small
scar blemished his body. Enraged because of
what N. saw as a gruesome mutilation, he
became one of the main agitators during the
Second Generation's destruction. Caine
cursed him and his progeny with hideous-
ness to punish him for his excessive vanity
According to some legends, N. believed he
could lift the curse by exterminating all his
progeny from the face of the Earth. To that
end, he sired the Nictuku. Also known by the
name ~Absimiliard

¢ Nostinus, Gracius: Eighth Generation

>Ventrue. The representative of the >Clan
of Kingship in Milwaukee's ~primogen still
mourns for the destruction of the Roman
Empire by the hands of barbarians from the
north. Although he must have been very
young at that time, he plans to have his ven-
geance. No one would face a real challenge
when opposing N. in combat, and so some-
times, I just have to wonder if he has not lost
his mind. Nonetheless, he is an excellent poli-

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

121


tician and a strategic mastermind. Moreover,
he aspires to be prince of his city soon —
an unlikely feat, at best.

© Nuckalavee: Probably a Nosferatu. The
Skinless One, as she is also known, seems to
be more than just a terrible creature of leg-
end in the myths of Australian aborigines —
she could be one of the gruesome >Nictuku.
One especially frightening detail about her
known to me at the moment is her fondness
for brains, which constitute the main part of
her diet.

¢ Nut: Goddess of the sky in Ancient Egypt.
Depicted as woman (often winged) bending
over the Earth.

EncycLopsepia VaMpyRIca

122

Nyayo: Known among the ~Kindred of
Kenya as "those who walk in the Old Man's
footsteps," referring to Jomo Kenyatta, who
led the country into independence. The goal
they pursue is nothing more and nothing les
than to free Africa from the constant wars
and power struggles of Camarilla and

*Sabbat alike. Although the organization
is open to Kindred of all clans, the majority
of its members belong to Clan --Gangrel. Its
founder, Mbogo Biashara, is a member of the

»Clan of the Beast as well. Up until now
the N.'s efforts were mostly political, eco-
nomical and social in nature, interspersed
with occasional violent strikes. Poachers in
the organization's sphere of influence (which
is to say, the entirety of Kenyan soil) are met
with brutality and full force.


* Obeah: The >Salubri's power of healing has
saved the unlives of many Kindred (and un-
doubtedly the lives of countless mortals as well).
The practitioners of this ->Discipline are expert
healers of the body, but given enough skill, they
are capable of extracting the soul from another
person. This capability could well be the rea-
son why most Kindred willingly accept

Tremere propaganda in regard to the Salubri.
O. seems to be somehow related to the third
@ye all Salubri bear: as soon as a Kindred
{whether a Salubri or not) gains knowledge of
the Discipline, this feature develops on his brow.

* Obertu A —revenant family of Clan

*Tzimisce. — 2. Pl. Obertuses. An order of
Tzimisce whose members, together with the
"ghoul monks of the >Akoimetai, worship the
order's founder, *Dracon. The Christian practice
of worshipping icons may have some roots in the
order. According to well-informed sources, most
of tonight's icons do not show the faces of Christ
Ofsaints, but depict Dracon or other Tzimisce. The
home of the O. order was a canyon in the Lycos
Valley near -*Constantinople. The members were
dedicated to accumulating knowledge and main-
tained one of the largest medieval libraries, where
even transcripts of priceless writings from the de-
stroyed library of Alexandria were stored. After
the eventual destruction of Constantinople in the
15th century, the order and its library vanish with-
‘out a trace. The manuscripts either were brought
to a secret haven or destroyed, forever lost to
>Cainite scholars.

* Obfuscate: By using this incredible power,

Cainites are able to hide themselves from mor-
tal eyes. If they do not choose to be seen of their
own free will, they can stay hidden for indefinite
lengths of time. Since O. influences the mind of
the beholder, Kindred cannot use this -Disci-
pline'to hide from mechanical devices. Even

though several clans put this power to good use, it
is nonetheless the trademark of the Nosferatu

* Obtenebration: Signature Discipline of the
»Lasombra. ~»Cainites who have mastered this
disquieting art can manipulate, animate and even
pass through the shadow of any object or person
to cover great distances with but a single step.

© Odin's Daughters: A group of female

>Gangrel prowling the Scandinavian domains,
believing themselves to be >valkyries. They are
led by a certain -*Brunhild and essentially are
nothing more than a gang of ~anarchs, albeit
old and powerful ones. Apart from age and power,
nothing makes them any different from their
younger counterparts elsewhere.

* Old Man of the Mountain: Name for the leader
of the --Assamites. Like the pope, God's repre-
sentative on Earth, the O. is >Hagim's repre-
sentative. This office is usually filled by men,
though there have been female pretenders. Any
member of the clan can challenge the O. to a
duel ofany kind, be it magical, political or physi-
cal. The O. has the choice of weapons.

* One, the: ->Hagim. This term is usually used
by the +Assamites in ritual context and was mis-
understood by all other ~Kindred as a name for

>Caine, the Dark Father. See Become one.

© Operation Longbow: Name for an invasion
plot hatched by the Nosferatu Warwick to
bring the south of New England under his influ-
ence. In Zurich he convinced the ~Malkavian
William Biltmore and the ~Brujah

»Pendragon to form the alliance they named the

"Trinity and to accompany him to New England
and set his plan in motion. The basic prelimi-
naries of their cooperation were written down in
the so-called Treaty of Zurich.

© Oradea League: An alliance of Old World

»Tzimisce in eastern Europe. The League has
only 12 members, but all of them are venerable
and loathe the ways of the -anarchs of their clan.
As far as I have heard, the alliance consists of
the simple agreement that anyone who tries to
cross one of the league has made himself 12 pow-
erful enemies. Simple, but effective.

© Order: A term for the sphere of influence of a
>Tremere Pontifex.

* Order of the Bitter Ashes: These potent and
mysterious -*Kindred appear only in legends. As
mortal crusaders sent to the Holy Land, they started
a peculiar journey into darkness since they were

supposedly ambushed midway bya mighty Kindred. }

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

123

the operation
New England

je Sabbal now,
nol. That's

ou lela

Whal a pity
faltered.
belongs to th

Longbow or
what happens when y'
Nosferatu plot


Troal maladies, ell, well
Ge, J would rather recom

He ~+Embraced them to the last man and made
them drink from a grail reputedly nothing short of
the holy grail of Christian myth. The order's name
derives from a series of legends about Caine be-
ing cursed to "eat only bitter ashes." Apparently, it
must have been the grail that bestowed the order
the strange powers its members brought to bear in
the battle against their foes, though it is no longer
in the knights' possession. How they lost it remains
still unknown, but there have been some specula-
tions the knights buried it somewhere in the Middle
East and one of their numbers stayed to stand guard
over it. According to other dark rumors, the grail
has been stolen from them, pethaps even by the
very same vampire who embraced the group of cru
saders. But no one can be certain if these are
fairytales ot legends based on true occurrences.

* Order of Hermes: The ©. has its roots in the
magic traditions of Ancient Egypt and the Middle
East. The proud and self-confident hermetic
mages guard their secrets jealously. It is assumed
that their ranks gave birth to Clan Tremere in
the 12th century.

* Order of Mercury: An alliance of hermetic
>mages based in Ancient Rome. After long
struggles for dominance of the city and the em-
pire, first with the >Ventrue led by Camilla
and later the Eternal Senate, its members num-
bered among the allies against -Carthage dur-
ing the last Punic War. Following the ideal of
the Roman god Mercury, they were more inter-
ested in the expansion of theit influence in eco-
nomics and trade than in actual warfare. After
the fall of Carthage the ->Kindred of Rome only
had to deal with sporadic insurrections by single
members. Eventually, the O. disbanded.

* Order of the Naturists: A secret society within
the ->Tremere. Its members, who follow ancient
druidic principles, claim even the ->Kindred are part
of nature's great plan and should acknowledge their
role in it. The suspected leader of the O. is >lord of
several Irish —*chantries. It is assumed that mem-
bers of the order know old druidic magics such as
speaking with animals, the summoning of large lo-
cust swarms and weather control.

© Order of the Quaesitori: A secret society within
the Tremere. Its members were reputedly out-
cast by the >Council of Seven and have to spend
their unlives as outlaws. It remains unclear
whether the O. actually exists or if it is merely a
rumor. Probably, the O. originates from the
Quaesitori of the old Order of Hermes. An ini-
tiate is obliged to follow a special code of honor
that binds him to the O. Moreover, he swears to
always serve the Quaesitori's traditions as well as

Excyctopsepia VAMpyRIcA

124

he can and to uphold the old hermetic code of
conduct, which they see as superior to the
Tremere one. Rumors of all kinds circulate with
regard to the O., including that it tries to help
mages undermine the clan or that it is merely a
puppet on the strings of the ->Inconnu.

© Order of St. Blaise: Lesser faction within the

»Sabbar. Originally, a Christian belief from the
time of the plague in the 14th century. St. Blaise
was known for his healing abilities of throat mala-
dies. Many members of the Sabbat saw the way
mortals were blessed on St. Blaise's Day (Febru-
ary 3), when the throats of the devotees were
touched bya pair of crossed candles, as holy bless-
ing-of their meals. Somewhat surprisingly, this
faction has endured to the present nights, though
veneration of saints among mortals has dwindled
and even been banished by a secular population
tivthe realm of superstitious myth. Most confer?
poraty adherents of this group dedicate them-
selves to expanding the power base of the Sabbat
within the Catholic Church.

* Order of the Wyrm: A secret society within
the Tremere. Its members advocate apocalyp-
tic beliefs interpolated from the ~»Book of Nod
by using an ancient manuscript they are said to
possess. Although the O. is loyal to Clan
Tremere, its members fear that the slumbering
founder of their clan has been replaced with
something else — not Kindred, but something
far more powerful

* Orseau, Genevitve: Member of the Clan of
the Rose. One of the most prestigious childer of
the rose, forshe maintains one of the largest >To-
reador art schools that ever existed. Although she
is often denounced in these cynical times, she has
actually proven her artistic talent on many occa-
sions in the past. In the modern nights she acts
primarily as one of the most respected art critics
worldwide. What makes her truly remarkable is
the claim she is one of those few fae creatures who
survived her >Embrace. According to several ac-
counts, she has shown several strange powers that
could offer this claim some credibility.

* Osiris: 1. God of the dead in Ancient Egypt

2. O., brother of Set, was Embraced as
well, even though it remains unclear tonight if
it was a member of the Second or the Third
Generation who led him into darkness. He op-
posed the father of all Serpents, and they fought
a long and bloody battle. In the end, Set pre-
vailed and destroyed his brother. Only Os

»progeny, an obscure and likely defunct

>bloodline known as the Children of Osiris,
are likely to know these details.


»Sabbat for a
»sect leader as body-

* Paladin: A title in the
»Cainite serving a
guard and assassin. A P. is denied member-
ship of the Black Hand. Often, the Ps are
also known as Templars

* Pale Ones: Abomination.

© Pale Rider: A -»Sabbat -nomad. Often
used as a term for a member of a Sabbat
biker gang

* Palla Grande: Large party held by the
*Sabbat on the night of Halloween (Oc-
tober 31) each year during which all sect
members in the vicinity are called to the
nearest hosting city to participate in the fes-
tivities. Most often, a P. is celebrated as an

aborate fancy-dress ball, with spectacular
displays made as a result of the >Tzimisce's
flesh-shaping talent of ->Vicissitude. Mor-
tals are invited in many cases to attend the
ball as guests — or the main course.

* Pander: 1. The ~>Caitiff within the

Sabbat, named after their leader Joseph
P—2.P, Joseph: Name of aclanless >Kin-
dred within the Sabbat. In the Sabbat Civil
War during the 1950s, P. declared himself
and his followers a sovereign clan and
named this new clan after himself. After
lengthy and controversial debates and even
more bloodshed, his cause was accepted as
valid and the sect leaders acknowledged the
new clan.

* Papillon: A term young ~>Kindred have
coined for vampires who mingle with the
bold and beautiful of mortal society in or-
der to partake of their blood

© Patriot: Outdated name for a follower of
the Path of Honorable Accord.

¢ Paris: P., the city of love and my home
>domain, is as important to the French
mindset as any other capital in the world is
for its respective nation. Poet Francois
>Villon of the >Clan of the Rose is Prince
of P. Numerous ~*Kindred who make their
havens in his city have grown tired of cen-
turies of Toreador supremacy. As a result,
P. is home to several influential --anarchs
who strive to end Villon's strict princedom.

¢ Parovich: Nosferatu. How a man grow-
ing up in New York City together with a

>prince destroyed by the -Sabbat can be-
come ~primogen in Milwaukee is a mystery
to me. But the +Camarilla has to know for
itself whom to trust.

© Pascek, Jaroslav: Seventh Generation
»Brujah; *1345, #1371. >Childe of Jan
Berger. -»Justicar of the Learned Clan since
1998. P. was born the son of a Slav and a
Gypsy woman passing through his father's
village. After being left for dead by his
mother on the German border, P. was raised
by monks and even joined their order as an
adolescent. At the age of 18, P. suffered a
crisis of faith. As a remedy he styled himself
as God's chosen instrument of purification.
He drew a small band of followers to his ban-
ner; preached his own, private version of
Reformation 150 years before Luther and
started a crusade against clerics he saw as
lacking piety. If he had not been >Embraced


Comsidoing Ce
unsdlling change
during the weont
night, TFascch isan

aecollent choice (n 1

yunion. Granted, he
hus, Cul that

(3 x00

haul not impatr hes

frvinty:

by the undead, he might have set the Refor-
mation in motion several years too early.

During a nocturnal meeting of his adherents
culminating in a blaze consuming a cathe-
dral, P. stood in front of the burning build-
ing, fanning the fires of religious zeal, so that
his followers would cleanse the whole region
of its sin. A week later, two shadowy figures
offered him the power to continue his cru-
sade in new, unsuspected ways.

The Embrace changed his views on God to
the core. His new "flock," a coterie of
Brujah, convinced him that the world of the

»Kindred:was as thoroughly corrupt as the
Catholic Church. They led him to destroy
certain Kindred they presented to him as
Satan's minions on Earth. The coterie's ad-
versaries were many, and the first century
of P.'s unlife raced by ina haze of blood and
gore. Those crimson nights ended with the
birth of the ~Camarilla. Immediately af-
terward, P. fell into torpor, to rise again
around 1650 A.D. He continued his cru-
sade, and in 1834 he was formally rewarded
with the office of archon. His election as
Brujah Justicar is supposed. to ‘bolster the
new team with an experienced champion.
Not long ago, he received information from
agents in Montreal that led him to estab-
lish an in

* Path of Blood: The mysterious + Assamites
from the Middle East possess their own moral
principles, passed on from generation to gen-
eration ever since their founder, Haqim, laid
them down countless nights ago. Originally,
only those Assamites who were regarded as
highly loyal to their clan were introduced to
the P's secrets. Since the Crusades, the >el-
ders of the clan have made the P. more acces-
sible to the younger childer of their clan. The
core ideal of the P. is to achieve oneness with
the clan's progenitor.

* Path of the Bones: The followers of the
*Via Ossis, as this path was called during
the Dark Medieval period, believe that the
body is merely a vessel for the soul. Even
though the body is subjected to constant
change from birth through life until death,
the soul remains in a state of immaculate
perfection. This path, which is almost com-
pletely forgotten in the modern nights, at-
tracted only a small group of followers, pri-

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

126

marily Cappadocians (though a few mor-
bid +Tzimisce have followed it as well).

¢ Path of Caine: This Path of Enlight-
enment was created in the 16th century and
considers the veneration of Caine to be the
highest duty of all +Kindred, who are sup-
posed to be flawed copies of this legendary
figure. In the Renaissance, many Kindred
were investigating new insights and the
knowledge of the self. Striving to leave be-
hind the convictions they harbored as mor-
tals, which were considered incompatible
with their undead nature, some Kindred
with progressive philosophies created this
path. During the next 200 years, many Kin-
dred rallied to its banner and considered
Caine to be their ideal. After the Age of
Enlightenment, some of its followers left
their old dogma behind, favoring newly de-
veloped paths.

According to the lore of the P., the knowl-
edge of Caine's history is of paramount im-
portance for all Kindred. Its adherents are
scholars, who concern themselves, just as I
do, with fragments of the -» Book of Nod and
with times long since passed that hide the
key to understanding the nature of Kindred
existence. This also explains where their
nickname, ~Noddists, derives from. Most
of them are well educated and strive for self-
knowledge. Adherents of the P. are not sci-
entifically oriented in the sense that they
are looking for innovative solutions to prob-
lems, but rather they investigate traditions
and historic occurrences to find answers for
the present and the future. >Cainites who
decide to follow this path are often of al-
most unshakeable self-control. They refer
to the Book of Nod and other ancient sources
to prove that Caine must have been the
epitome of vampirism. He is everything
other Kindred should strive for. They tend
to start lengthy conversations and discus-
sions with other Kindred about the nature
of their curse. The >-Assamite antitribu, the

erpents of the Light, >Toreador antitribu
and +Ventrue antitribu are the main pro-
ponents of the P. and often take on posi-
tions of spiritual leadership (like pack
priest and -rbishop) within the +Sabbat.
Many other Cainites consider them lofty
and full of themselves.

¢ Path of Cathari: Path of Enlighten-
ment based on the medieval heresy of the


same name. The followers of the P. are
called -Albigensians. The P. preaches a
religious dualism. Therefore, its adherents
strive for material wealth and -*Embrace
new ~childer whenever the opportunity
presents itself. Followers of the P. harbor a
rather materialistic philosophy. The
Albigensians in general take great pains to
get to know the domain they inhabit and
often cultivate the >Disciplines of >Ani-
malism, Dominate and ~>Presence.

* Path of Death and the Soul: When this
Path of Enlightenment was originally
founded by a coven of ->Tzimisce, it was
little more than a death cult, but it contin-
ued to evolve and spread until it was finally
accepted as its own path sometime during
the Age of Enlightenment. This acceptance
caused the P. to become even more differ-
entiated as the idea of Reason based on Sci-
ence was incorporated in its philosophies
soon thereafter.

According to the doctrine of the P., it is of
great importance to study death in all its
forms and faces. it's the P.'s adherents tend
to be curious, objective and devoid of all
emotions. They do not fear Final Death,
as they believe in the immortality of the
soul. They also try to collect as many bits
of occult lore as possible, so that these pieces
may be assembled into a greater whole,
thereby finally achieving a higher under-
standing of existence. The followers of the
P. study human emotions and the mortal
mind, and even their own fleeting human-
ity is the subject of studies. Although most
of them are very spiritual beings, they do
not defend their views passionately, but that
isn't to say that they appear to lack any pas-
sion at all.

Death and the occult are always approached

in a scientific way, therefore the —Disci-
plines of -Auspex, -Necromancy and
eeThaumaturgy are especially treasured.

© Path of Ecstasy: A Path of Enlighten-
Mentorigindlly developed by a group of

*Setites. >Followers of Set who adhere to
this path enjoy indulgence; their desire for
joy is considered a spiritual duty that they
are more than willing to satisfy. This path
was established by a sect of Setites that in-
habited ->Constantinople after the fall of
Ancient Egypt. The followers of this path
would never willingly. destroy beautiful or

valuable items, which is one of the reasons
this path is considered heretical by a large
number of Setites.

* Path of Evil Revelatio >Path of En-
lightenment originally founded by a group
of infernalists that later on became a brood
of Brujah. Its adherents are also known as

»Corruptors or ~Slavers. They believe that
vampirism is the material manifestation of
all evil in the world, Followers of the P. there-
fore free themselves from everything human
that remains inside of them. They conduct a
wide variety of rituals and even summon de-
mons, which they sometimes refer to as lords
of Darkness. They expect to be rewarded for
their support of this evil. Adherents of the
P. are most often skilled in >Auspex and

»Dominate. They hide their evil ways from
their fellow Kindred while they secretly try
to recruit others for their unholy wiles. Fol-
lowers of other paths are universally seen as
fools. Without doubt, it is a great mistake to
follow this path

* Path of the Feral Heart: This ~Path of
Enlightenment teaches its adherents to in-
dulge their Beast in hunting, killing and
slaking its thirst — it seems to have origi-
nated from old codes that were used by
>Kindred berserkers to accept their bestial
nature, probably developed by the +Gangre
The P. has also spread to other Kindred since
its development, and these have learned to
transcend their predatory behavior as well.
This path has never been practiced too
widely, which did not even change when the
»Sabbat accepted its followers into its fold.
According to the doctrine of the P., Kindred
are the ultimate predators — deathless and
invulnerable. The Beast within is just an ex-
pression of their predatory instincts. Most
»Beasts, as the followers of the path are of-
ten called, have no concern at all for dre:
or appearances: they wear practical, sturdy
clothes that do not distract them while they
are on the hunt, and some Beasts even re-
frain from wearing any clothes or jewelry at
all, but those have become rare in the mod-
ern nights. Most of the followers of the P.
make their havens in nature and have ex
ceedingly sharp senses. They constantly try
to be aware of what is happening around
them or move very slowly in order to avoid
being surprised by an enemy. They are of the
opinion that repressing the atavistic urges is
against nature itself. Most Gangrel who fol-

ENc¥CLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

127


yant to
Doo you really want
aes about honor withir

the Gabbatt Only a trae
warrior can be considered
honorable, and besides

"alley, J have met very
iy sai twontd be able to

call themselves brne WAT

yiprs... Running i
packs is almost always

Aishonorable.

low this path have acquired quite a number
of bestial traits, which they do not try to hide.
Most of the followers of this path can be
found within the Sabbat; >Country Gangrel
are the vast majority, though some City
Gangrel style themselves as urban predators.
A few ~Ravnos antitribu and Nosferatu
antitribu follow the P., but only very few Kin-
dred from other clans do. The adherents of
the path are widely respected for their hunt-
ing skills but almost never hold positions of
leadership within the sect.

© Path of Harmony: A -Path of Enlight-
enment originally developed in the New
World during the 18th century. Followers of
this path are often nicknamed —Harmonists.
According to their belief, everything has a
purpose and a reason of existence, even the

+Kindred, though they can never again be
fully human. Nothing found in nature is in-
herently evil, or so their dogma says. They
respect life and try to be in harmony with
the human part as well as the Kindred part
of their existence. Adherents of this path
were often among the most humane mem-
bers of the --Sabbat, but during the latest

>crusade in the eastern U.S., the P. has split
into two separate philosophies: the Path
of the Feral Heart and the original P. While
the Path of the Feral Heart is staunchly loyal
to the -Sabbat, most followers of the P. have
left the sect and are now claiming inde-
pendence.

* Path of Honorable Accord: The P. was
founded during the Sabbat Civil Wars, which
almost tore the >Sabbat apart during the war
with the ~Camarilla. Finally, an agreement
was reached in the city of Milan to stop the
fighting and quell internal conflicts. In the
following years, the so-called >Code of
Milan created during the agreement was sub-
stantially expanded. Based on its precepts, a
whole new philosophy arose based on

>Cainite honor as a way to maintain order
and as a replacement for the mortal con-
science. After the Sabbat Civil War, which
ended at the beginning of the 20th century,
the Code of Milan was adapted to the new
situation once again.

The adherents of the P. are often referred to
as ~Knights. They strive to serve their lead-
ers well, as long as their orders serve the
Sabbat. They take great pains to partake in
as many ~auctoritas ritae as possible. Their

Excyctopsepia VAMpyRIcA

128

—————E

word of honor is of the greatest importance
to them, and all those who break an oath
or a promise are considered weak of body
and mind and not to be trusted by ~*Kin-
dred of honor. Cowards are treated similarly.
Equals are treated with the greatest respect,
and members of the P. always try to treat
them fairly and with courage. The follow-
ers of the P. often attempt to earn and keep
the trust of others and act accordingly. This
behavior also extends to the Sabbat, for
which they would gladly give their unlives.
Studying the history of their sect, the
Knights are experts of the Code of Milan
and cite from it more frequently than any
other group within the Sabbat. Presence
and ->Fortitude are said to symbolize all a
Knight stands for — therefore the adher-
ents of the P. cultivate these ->Disciplines
more often than any others.

* Path of Lilith: This -*Path of Enlighten-
ment was supposedly founded by a
»Methuselah who discovered strange, an-
cient scriptures in the lands of Africa that
told the story of the -*Dark Mother. Ac-
cording to these texts, maturity and power
could be achieved through the means of
suffering and pain. Although this Kindred
was unable to actually recover these texts,
he did manage to escape their mortal and
demonic guardians with some of the knowl-
edge included therein. He then gathered to
him individuals who could aid him in de-
veloping the information he had gained.
The P.'s central ideas spread slowly soon af-
terward, which caused some likeminded and
mystically inclined Kindred to join them.

Enlightenment, the path teaches, can be
gained by fasting and pain. Its adherents,
called Bahari, lead fast and hectic unlives,
as they constantly strive for change and new
experiences. Everything that could shock
or shame other Kindred fascinates them, as
they always hope for someone to escape the
boundaries of the profane society they live
in. When moving among the ~*kine, Bahari
appear flamboyant and mysterious. They of-
ten wear certain religious garments during
their ceremonies — wide, open mantles and
ceremonial masks of wood or bone.

Pain is considered the greatest teacher of
all, the test that will bring the ultimate
prize. Within the society of Kindred (be it

>Sabbat or -Camarilla), Bahari are often


considered to be the mad, heretical cultists
they certainly are. Among the adherents of
the P., members of many clans can be found:

*Lasombra, +Tzimisce, Malkavians,

Nosferatu and Toreador antitribu. The

*Harbingers of Skulls deserve special men
tion, though — these ancient Kindred of-
ten refer to a dead priestess named Lamia,
who supposedly was of great importance to
the P. at some point.

¢ Path of Metamorphosis: The adherents
of this path, who are widely known as
Metamorphosists, believe that life and
unlife are parts of a complex evolutionary
chain that one should strive to understand
Most of them are highly educated and study
all forms of life as well as death, and they
also seem to have an innate tendency to
philosophize. Most of them have only a
passing interest in mortals, who are consid
ered to be situated below Kindred in the
evolutionary chain. Instead, the ->Beast
within is one of their favorite test subjects,
be it by submitting to it or by denying its
urges. They constantly change and optimize
their bodies, as sculpting the flesh is a good
preparation for sculpting the soul in their
eyes. During their research they conduct
bizarre experiments, including dangerously
lengthy periods of fasting. Although the
needs and wishes of others are of no conse:
quence to those following the P., they gen
erally conduct their experiments far from
prying eyes.

The progenitors of this path are no doubt
the >Tzimisce, who have walked its
winding roads for many millennia. Al-
though they proceed with their usual ef-
ficiency, the path is severely hampered by
the fact that its followers almost never
share their discoveries, and most adher-
ents have to spend large amounts of time
discovering basic truths that have been
understood by other adherents long ago.
Most of the older and more experienced
Metamorphosists are nominally members
of the >Sabbat but do not involve them-
selves in the politics of the sect, as more
spiritual pursuits take precedence. The
followers of the P. are probably some of
the most alien beings any ~Kindred will
ever meet. The Metamorphosists focus on
studying > Vicissitude

* Path of Night: This path is ideal for all
those who want to indulge in their darkest
desires. Like many other paths, this one arose
from the ranks of the Sabbat; almost noth-
ing more is known about its inception,
though. Its adherents are commonly called

Nihilists. They accept their damnation
completely and believe thatall Kindred are
destined to be minions of damnation; as all
Kindred are cursed by God, it is their pur-
pose to feed on the kine.

The P. is heavily influenced by Catholic
dogma, but instead of redemption it mainly
focuses on damnation and suffering. One
trait that makes the P. all the more horrible
is the fact that its adherents willingly and
openly try to make others as uncomfortable
as possible. And the Nihilists spare no one.
They constantly scare and taunt the others
around them. According to the ideology of
the P., this behavior will cull the weak and
strengthen the mighty. Others are advised
to accept the darkness within. Meanwhile,
the Nihilists strive to experience as many dif-
ferent sensations as possible, Death is just the
path they are following, not their goal. No
sin is too perverted not to indulge it; no trust
is powerful enough to prevent them from be-
traying it. A few Kindred have joined the
ranks of this path out of pure desperation and
a desire for purpose in these final nights be-
fore --Gehenna will arrive.

* Path of Paradox: Only a few Kindred
truly understand the mind games played by
the -*Ravnos, the charlatans, deceivers and
rogues of undead society. According to the
P., all existence is in a state of constant flux
and the Kindred are beings locked outside
the normal cycle of life. Ravnos who follow
this path attempt to advance the maya, or
life cycle, from which they have been ex-
cluded. In the end, or so they say, samsara,
the "entanglement" of rebirth, must con-
tinue. The followers of the > Via Paradocis
—as the P. was called in the Dark Ages —
are convinced that reality is always what you
make of it. Therefore, they try to trick, con-
fuse or humiliate other +Cainites in hopes
of leading them to making contributions to
the cycle. It is obvious, however, that the
followers of this path failed miserably.

* Path of Power and the Inner Voice: One
of the first Paths of Enlightenment to be
developed. Originally founded in 1583 by the

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

129

there Are
| cna 2 practices

any more F
"and beliefs
Path of M8 toe
fut chose are rd Ty
Morne pebieversy
J Aannned site a
ease called them.

Solon, "ide,

é ot!

bel
Glion 1s, np
a

" colleagu, W2


»Lasombra Lord Marcus. Its adherents are
often known as >Unifiers. The P. encour-
ages ambition, power and dominance over
others. Its followers try to listen to their in-
ner voice and to act accordingly. They em-
phasize their strengths and try to hide their
weaknesses. This path is ideal for those

>Cainites nursing great ambitions and
those who have an inborn affinity for power
for its own sake. The P. can be atwo-edged
sword, as the adherents of the path rarely
tolerate failure.

Path of the Scorched Heart: This Path
of Enlightenment was founded by the >True
Brujah during the 13th century. One of their
number by the name of --Rathmonicus, who
was later destroyed in the ~Anarch Revolt,
collected a large number of letters that illus-
trated many different convictions and prac-
tices of his clanmates. He published them in
a volume called the ~Book of the Empty
Heart. Although very few copies have en-
dured into the modern nights, the ideas held
therein spread to the Giovanni,

»Lasombra (at least to those called
Lasombra antitribu) and those Toreador
entrenched within the church.

The P. is rumored to turn Kindred into in-
humane creatures devoid of all emotions.
According to the doctrine of the path, one
should love only oneself

The +Unforgiving, as the adherents of the
P. are referred to, do not enter any alliances
lightly, as they distrust most other Kindred
and are willing and able to kill, if they con-
sider it necessary, as they feel neither remorse
nor guilt. The Unforgiving constantly test
themselves secretly for emotions and feel-
ings. Most of them are scholars and well edu-
cated, and they seem to exude calm even in
the midst of conflict. Such conflicts are gen-
erally avoided, though, as these are consid-
ered unproductive, not to mention that they
tend to stir up the vague remains of emo-
tions some members of the path still retain.
A few own a copy of the Book of the Empty
Heart, but besides that they know few tradi-
tions or rituals.

Among the few followers of the P. that re-
main in the modern nights, many try to cul-
tivate ~>Auspex. Dominate and Animalism
are also sometimes employed to further dis-
cern the truth.

Excyciopaepia VaMpyrica

130

© Path of Self-Focus: The P. is an ancient
>Path of Enlightenment founded around
600 A.D. when some of the enigmatic
>Cathayans visited the Middle East and
met several native mystics there. The
>True Black Hand spread the path west-
ward, and from Europe it has even reached
the Americe

Its adherents are generally very well com-
posed and are often called >Internalists, as
they are searching for answers to moral and
spiritual questions within themselves. They
strive to ignore distraction and try to
achieve self-knowledge, self-control, hon-
orable behavior and simplicity. Pride and
lack of respect are disapproved of, and the
arts of war and peace are considered of equal
importance. Adherents of the P. indulge in
violence only if no other alternatives re-
main. As others are judged solely based on
their deeds, the followers of the P. are gen-
erally distrustful of other Kindred. They
prefer learning that all things have a pur-
pose — even if it may be evil — and that
everything ties into a higher plan. While
doing so, they enjoy the company of others
but never come to rely on them. Internalists
consider intelligence to be of great impor
tance, and all adherents of the path try to
learn ->Auspex.

© Path of Typhon: The ~Followers of Set
teach several different moral principles,
passed on from ~sire to +childe since the
times of great —>Set himself. One of those
codes of conduct is the P. They indulge in
their weaknesses and the miseries of the
world; essentially, the P. is more religion
than philosophy. The followers of the P.
ceaselessly try to spread war, disease, pov-
erty, dirt, stagnation and fear throughout
the world. They obviously try to bring dis-
comfort to others. According to their own
grim doctrine, this paves the way for their
dead god to return, though from my unbe-
lieving viewpoint, it is simply a means to
exalt in the misery of others.

Path of the Warrior: Supposedly this path
developed by the -*Followers of Set a

ter Egypt was conquered by the Roman Em-

pire. According to its main doctrine, the

>Beast and is there-
ibservient to the body. According to
rumors, the path teaches subjugation of the
Beast with excruciating pain. Whenever

mind is as feral as the
fore s


possible, the powers of the body have to be
driven toward perfection. For the followers
of the P., >Final Death is preferable to
weakness and failure. In the past few de-
cades, more and more hints have surfaced
that this philosophy is actually just part of
a larger path, but no conclusive evidence
has appeared to support or defraud this
theory.

* Paths of Enlightenment: In the nights
of doubt and horror all members of the race
of Caine face, many --Cainites find it diffi-
cult to retain their grasp on humanity. Some
just despise the idea of clinging to a con-
cept that no longer applies to them, and for
some elder Kindred it has become nigh
impossible to retain their humanity. What-
ever their reasons may be, they look for
other ways of coming to terms with their

Beast. These ways are ethical constructs

called P,

* Pawnbroker, the: Member of the >Clan
of the Hidden, rumored to be of the Sixth
Generation. Appeared at some point dur-

ing the 16th century and began to trade

artifacts and information in ~ Vienna. He
seems to be an expert in the fields of oc-
cultism, archaeology and anthropology.
Among the >Kindred of Vienna, he is lucky
enough to occupy a special niche: he may
receive visitors for up to 48 hours without
introducing them to the > Tremere lords of
the city. His haven is situated somewhere
in or under the world-famous Dorotheum.

* Pedder, Robert: ->Ventrue; the former
Prince of Hong Kong probably made a
wise decision in leaving the city before it
reverted to China and therewith the
=*Kuei-jin, Even though some —relders and
especially the >harpies may disapprove of
this step, the violent actions of the East-
ern undead only serve to prove him right.
But without doubt this decision has not
been easy on this representative of the
~Kingship Clan and member of the Sev-
enth Generation, as he had ruled as a
Taipan since 1842. During his princedom
he was widely known for his fairness and
well-planned moves.

© Pendragon, Roman: Sixth Generation
member of the >Learned Clan; *1683,
#08.12.1703. Born the son of a rich, En-
glish landowner, P. quickly rose through the
ranks in the British army and seemed to be

predestined for a seat in Parliament. During
a visit to Switzerland, his unscrupulous na-
ture attracted the attention of Dark ->Selina,
who eventually *Embraced him. P. showed
a great liking for his new existence and
undead powers. The assistance of his sire
soon turned him into a rising star among the
Swiss Kindred, despite his longing for his
native England. As Dark Selina commanded
him to stay with her, he turned to
*Guillaume, Prince of ~Zurich, who
turned out to be a wise and generous men-
tor. Guillaume quickly informed him that his
sire had forced a blood oath upon her prog-
eny, but that the effects would slowly fade,
as P. had not partaken of her vitae for quite
some time. During a coup of Selina's doing,
P. was able to force her into torpor and flee
back to England, where he soon rose to
prominence as one of the most influential
»Brujah of the British Isles. In 1885 he was
forced to flee from England when the other
Brujah turned against him, fearful of his
seemingly insatiable ambitions. He returned
to Switzerland, where he met William
>Biltmore and Warwick, with whom he
conceived Operation Longbow.

¢ Pennington, Jan Jane.

* Penobscott, Alicia: > Ventrue; the beau-
tiful Prince of Managua in Nicaragua is 2
superb manipulator of mortals and has e»

cellent contacts to the wealthy upper class

ENcycLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

131


SS

of the country. Her claim of princedom in
the only city in Nicaragua held by the

»Camarilla is supported by the Tremere.
The rest of the country is considered the
domain of the ~Giovanni and the --Sabbat,
which is cause for frequent bloody skirmishes.
To uphold the Masquerade, P. considers
even the slightest infringements upon it pun-
ishable by +Final Death.

© Perth: Capital of West Australia. P. and
her suburb-cum-harbor of Fremantle were
the domain of the >Tremere Prince
Lumley until his destruction at the hands of
»anarchs. The gangs roaming the city in
modern nights are still waiting for the >War-
locks' revenge, which has yet to manifest.

© Petra: Greek for "rock" or "stone." Lost
city of the ancient Nabatean Empire in Jor-
dan (about second century B.C. until the rise
of the Roman Empire). The ruins are a beau-
tiful sight to behold. Recently, all attempts
by Kindred to reach Petra have been
thwarted by a sandstorm surrounding the
tuins. Some Kindred who seemed to |
found a way of entering the city left undead
society, never to be seen again.

¢ Petrenkov, Milov: -*Gangrel; this —rel-
der of the Clan of the Beast belongs to the

»founders of the -Camarilla. During the

sect's early years, he was one of its proud-
est and best planning members and often able
to considerably shorten lengthy arguments
with his brief and concise speeches. But dur-
ing the next centuries, it became evident that
he was changing. More and more, he began
to see others only with the eyes of a preda-
tor, which finally turned him into one. The
old Gangrel had lost his struggle with the

»Beast and fled to the Carpathian moun-
tains, his native soil. Even though his des-
tiny from then on is unknown, it is highly
likely either that he suffered >Final Death
at the hand of the Inquisition or expired
under the fangs of fellow Kindred.

© Petrodon: Nosferatu; the former
»Justicar of the Hidden Clan fell prey to
an insidious assassination, but neither his
killers nor their employers have ever been
found. His destruction has supposedly
changed the politics of many of the
~Camarilla's elders, especially those of the
>Inner Circle. The Final Death of one of
their direct subordinates made them realize
that they had become potential targets as

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

132

well. The Inner Circle withdrew even fur-
ther and started to spread even more rumors
to misdirect pursuers. P. was notoriously
harsh with regard to anarchs, an attitude
reflected by his successor, *Cock Robin.

Petronius, Titus P. Arbiter: Member of the

Clan of the Rose; Nero's seneschal and
author of one of the most important works
of ancient satire — the Satyricon — received
the -Embrace in 65 A.D. from his patri-
arch, -*Michael. Out of love he followed
his sire to Constantinople and became
the most important representative of the

>Toreador there in the following years.
During the absence of his patriarch, he led
the Michaelite family and was eventually
forced to collaborate with the >Lasombra,
as he was the only Toreador who actually
seemed to have any interest in furthering
prosperity and maintaining sensible policies
in Constantinople when the dominance of
the Trinity (1) ended. His fate after the
fall of Constantinople is unknown, but it is
highly likely that he was destroyed in the
chaotic events.

* Phuri Dae: A ~Ravnos term for a wise
woman or a woman with magical capabilities.

* Phylactery of Recorded Memory: Magi-
cal artifact of the -Sabbat. This object, in
the form of a polished granite piece held by
two golden circlets, allows the bearer to
access the memories of its former owners.
This can be a curse or a blessing, depend-
ing on the memories accessed. Mortals are
supposedly granted a highly extended
lifespan if they wear it. The P. has been lost
since the beginning of the 18th century.

* Pieterzoon, Jan: Member of the Clan
of Kingship; oldest »childe of > Hardestade,
Widely renowned in Europe for his tactical
genius, be it while arranging a peace accord
between rival —>princes or while planning

»Camarilla defenses against the ~Sabbat.
A native Dutch, P. is a master at bringing
together different parties to accomplish
whatever his ends might be. And even
though he could probably easily lay claim
to a domain in the New World due to his
age, he puts the success of the Camarilla
before his own desires.

¢ Pisanob: Originally a loose alliance of Az-
tec priests practicing a special kind of
»Neciomiadcy, the P wets dicveredam
the Giovanni and taken into the clan.


Their name supposedly is based in the lan-
guage of the Maya and means "spirits of the
dead who walk on the earth." According to
Mayan mythology, these spirits torture the
living, follow them into their dreams, etc.
As the P. are descendants of these original
priests, they are one of the most important
branches of the Giovanni clan who do not
bear that name. Nonetheless they have de-
veloped a strong sense of honor and duty
toward their clan. Fleeting wealth and plea-
sure is of little importance for the family —
they prefer to represent the scholarly side
of the clan and continuously explore new
necromantic rites. Sudden changes in the
attitude of the --Sabbat, which has great
influence in Central and South America,
where the P. most often dwell, toward the
members of this family have drastically re-
duced their numbers

* Plischke, Thomas: One of the aliases the
>Malkavian >Justicar Maris >Streck com-
monly uses while traveling incognito.

* Pochtli: Founder of the -*Pisanob fam-
ily. Hideously ugly. Some even claim to be
teminded of the fanged and feathered gods
of Central American mythology when loo!
ing upon him. He almost never leaves his
haven, an ancient temple in central
Mexico, but prefers to work through a large
number of ghouls at his service. For the
last few years, he has been fighting a vicious
battle against the cruel -Cainites of the
=Sabbat. These Kindred fear him, for he
is said to rip the souls from the bodies of his
victims and turn them into his mindless
slaves. He was one of the first undead actu-
ally able to report the presence and exist-
ence of the Harbingers of Skulls, news
that concerned the whole of the Clan
>Giovanni. At the moment, the system-
atic extermination of his family is his most
pressing concern, but the Giovanni leaders
seem to have not yet taken any special no-
tice of these events.

© Pontifex: Pl. Pontifices. A high rank
within the hierarchy of the >Tremere.

© Pool of Zillah: Small pool of crystal-clear
water that is said to provide visions of the
furure to those who know how to see them.
Probably destroyed when Enoch was rz

in the Underworld.

CAS

¢ Potence: -*Kindred who have mastered this
»Discipline possess inhuman physical
strength. Most often, -*Brujah, Giovanni,
>Lasombra and ->Ventrue possess it, but al-
most every clan can put this power to good use.

* Presence: This is the Discipline of su-
pernaturally influencing the emotions of oth-
ers. Interestingly enough, it can even be
employed to affect large numbers of people
at the same time, regardless of ethnicity, re-
ligion, sex or social class. Even Kindred
generation is no boundary to those employ-
ing P. In addition to its direct uses, it also
lends the user an indescribable aura of mys-
tique. A strong will is the best (and only)
defense against P. Despite its power, the Dis-
cipline is not without its drawbacks: it can
influence only emotions, and these can trig-
ger completely different reactions in diffe:
ent persons. The -Brujah, Followers of
Set, Toreador and Ventrue are among the
most widely known users of P.

* Priest: Title within the ~Sabbat. It de-
nominates the leader of rituals within a given
pack =P can Be the leader of thenac

pack. The P. can be the leader of the pack,
but he does not necessarily hold that posi-
tion. The P. is usually responsible for the
spiritual well-being of the pack.

© Primogen: The P. is a gathering of el-
ders who act as local representatives of their
clans in a domain, as well as the title said
elders can claim. Most often, each clan has
a representative in the P., though in some
cities the >prince denies a certain clan a seat
on the council of elders, while in others, mul-
tiple -*Kindred of the same clan may be P.s

Theoretically, the P.s represent the will of

their whole clan in this governing body of
elders. In practice, the P. reminds most ob:
servers of an "Old Kindred Club" and unfor-
tunately resembles a cesspool of treachery
and ruthless competition for boons. Usually,
The P. meets.when the prince formally ac-
knowledges it. In cities with powerful or des-
potic princes, the P. may be nothing more
than a collection of figureheads, whereas in
other domains the prince claims the domain
only because the council of P. wants him to.
It should be noted that generally the prince
is not his clan's P. Even though some Kin-
dred claim it would be an advantage for a
clan to have two votes, nobody can change
the state of affairs in that regard. — 2. A
member of the P. (1).

ENc¥cLopseDIA VAMPYRICA

133

— .
ea are NED

Sometimes J gel the impres-
sion thal titles are more im
porlant than actual power.
Bul when Gehenna comes,
there will be no business class.


Os Prince ehh einerminen: shindrediofa
domain, an. office recognized by the

>Camarilla. This powerful person is gener-
ally an elder, though some —ancillae in the
New World have ascended to this position.
The title of P. is just that — a title, which is
supposed to formalize the role, regardless of
his or her sex. The title is not hereditary. In
some cases, the P. bears a title appropriate to
the country he resides in, be it baron, count,
sultan or some other word representing a
tuler. P.s generally claim territories the size
of cities but do not "rule" them, as might be
suggested by their metaphorical title. Their
role is more of a supervisor and judge than a
true monarch. They are supposed to pay spe-
cial attention to the Traditions and the
maintenance of the -*Masquerade. Not all
Ps are aware of this informal role, though,
and some just do not care. The Kindred of a
given city are not typically obliged to swear
an oath of fealty to their P., but if the will of
a P. is doubted, he can forcibly confirm his
claim to power. Traditionally, the oldest Kin-
dred claims the princedom in a city. On the
other hand, any Kindred could challenge the
P. Only the P. may ~*sire —>childer freely, and
he has the final word over his interpretation
of the body of laws called the Traditions.
Most Ps are supported by the >primogen,
an institution of Kindred composed of rep:
resentatives of all clans (generally the old-
est members). These Kindred are supposed
to support the P. in his role, as long as he
maintains the Masquerade and protects the
city in difficult times. According to the Fifth
Tradition, a P. may extend his territory to
encompass the city he resides in; accordingly,
he can request all Kindred within his domain
to introduce themselves to him. Further-
more, he may distribute the hunting grounds
within his city according to his whim. Fi-
nally, the Sixth Tradition gives him the
power to call a blood hunt on all those he
deems troublesome.

All of the above is of course only theory —
occasionally, the P. is actually just a puppet
foF one cr several menibersiefthe'priniogen

while other Ps are as near to rulers as one
can be and still maintain the Silence of the
Blood. How the Traditions are enforced also
varies widely, as do additional customs es-
tablished by these august undead.

> Abbot.

© Prior:

ENxcyCLopsepiA VAMpyRICA

134

© Priscus: Pl. Prisci. Title within the
»Sabbat. The P. supports the regent and
the cardinals as an advisor.

© Progeny: A collective term for all the
>childer created by one sire. Less formal,
and less flattering, is "get."

* Prometheans: A medieval sect, generally
believed to be defunct. They believed
Carthage to be a utopia where Kindred
and -rkine coexisted peacefully. Even dur-
ing the P" existence, these ideas must have
been based on dim memories, but still they
clung to their dream. They insisted that
such a society would be necessary to sur
vive the rise of the --Antediluvians, as these
considered themselves gods and would treat
Kindred and kine alike as their slaves and
vestels: Onily a peaceful coexistence would
protect them from the manipulations and
wars of the -*Methuselahs, who were col-
lectively called +Inconnu.

The name of this group was based on the
Greek myth of Prometheus, who earned the
anger of the gods by bringing fire to man.
Whether their pleas for mankind actually
did cause any changes is hard to say — not
enough is known about the Inconnu now
and then.

* Province: Area of influence claimed bya
>regent surrounding a chantry of the
>Tremere.

* Pumping Heart of Nizchetus: Magical
artifact of the +Sabbat. An old, moldy
piece of flesh contained in a glass jar. The
P. is still beating, though it has been ripped
from the chest of a Toreador centuries ago.
More morbid +Cainites are convinced the
heart brings good fortune to its owner.

* Purchase Pact: After the power shift in
favor of the >Camarilla in 18th- and 19th-
century America, the ~Sabbat didn't want
to admit its defeat and turned inward to
bridge existing gaps and then return its at-
tention to its original targets: the Camarilla
and the Ancients.

In 1803, the year U.S. President Thomas
Jefferson bought all American territories
westofiheMisissippifrom the Frenchyehe
Sabbat signed the treaty known as the P.
on September 9: This pact expressly forbid
conflicts between sect members for unity's
soke,'@ peerless: decision ig theshistory' of


the Sabbat. It declared the Sabbat a free
entity, the members of which had to make
some sacrifices for their liberties. Sabbat
members violating this pact should become
victims of what equates to a blood hunt.
Among the undersigned are the former Re-
gent -*Gorchist, Cardinal Radu —Bistri,
Prisca Livia Boleslava Czerny, Arch-

bishop Enrique Albertos Marquez and
Bishop Fédéric Montaigne.

Unfortunately for the Sabbat, the P. came
too late. But the members are survivors, and
in spite of the problems the encroaching
Camarilla brought, the sect weathered these
hard times. But keeping the unity proved
to be hard as old grudges flared up again
and the -Tzimisce and Lasombra blamed
each other for the fact that the sect had lost
the U.S. This time, the Sabbat of the New

World almost destroyed itself: But mortal
history saved the ~Cainites as their conflict
peaked at the same time as the secession war.
The Camarilla took numerous Canadian cit-
ies, as the Sabbat there was too weak to re-
taliate due to internal rivalries. The ~Code
of Milan that was supposed to solve these
problems is considered a much better revi-
sion of the P.

© Putanesca: Very little is known about this
branch of Clan Giovanni. Members are
rumored to be highly skilled at acquiring test
subjects and materials, but most of them seem
to be dealers, pimps and blackmailers. When
dealing with the Giovanni about less legal
business, a P. is a likely contact.

3 A term for the internal hierar-
> Tremere.

© Pyrami:
chy of the

Excycropsepia VAMPYRICA

135



® Qadi: Title used in the >Tal'mahe'Ra for
the >sect's equivalent of —>justicars.

© Qufur am-Heru: 1. Ancient Egyptian term
that can be roughly translated as "greatest who
guards me." Title used within the internal
hierarchy of the ->Followers of Set. According
to legend, the original Q. was the first mortal

Set tumed. into'a —-ghoul. Supposedly, he
was not only a warrior of remarkable skill but
also his master's most important advisor. He
died defending Ser's temple against the latter's
nephew Horus. Q. charged his family to
setye Set for all eternity. All evidence
indicates that Set >Embraced several
members of his first vassal's mortal progeny,
since >Setite lore records at least three

*Kindred who went (or still go) by the name
and title of Q. Traditionally, the Q. ~sires a

schilde as soon.as the proper time has been
revealed to him ina premonition. This is only
one of many clues pointing to the fact that
the title of Q. is of mythical as well as formal
importance. The designated successor
preferably belongs to the family tree of the
original Q., so there is a possibility that even
the modern Q. is a direct descendant of Set's
first ghoul (though that theory cannot be
verified). The title-holder sets aside his own
hame/ iséalled Q. from then on and is seen as
Set's greatest guardian. Here, the philosophy
of Set and his followers shows itself in all its
peculiarity. What member of a clan aligned
with the >Camarilla or +Sabbat would name
a prestigious office after a ghoul and decree
that all future title-holders have to assume the
name of that ghoul? Presumably none. — 2.
Seventh Generation Follower of Set;
*unknown, #525 B.C. ->Childe of Qufur am-
ene Although Q» spends most of his
existence in torpor, he is one of those few

Kindred his age who manages time and again
to adapt to an ever-changing world. During the
last few centuries he repeatedly rose for a decade
or two when faith in the Ancient Egyptian
pantheon began to wane. It is known that he
himself taught orphans and schoolchildren
the basic principles of his beliefs during the
Napoleonic invasion to save the worship of
Set from extinction. Even in modern nights,
certain evidence — obvious only to the few
Kindred in the know — exists that he still
acts as a keeper of his faith. It is not known if
these activities show that he is burdened with
a mystic task or obligation connected with the
return of Set. According to the few Kindred
who have met with him in person, he
interprets Set's visions in a highly
idiosyncratic way. It is possible that the
acceptance of the title of Q. creates a mystic
connection between its holder and the clan's
founder. Most members of his clan treat him
as an outsider due to his unique, personal
religious views. If you want to believe the
reports of his contemporaries, it is Q. who
regards his fellow Setites as the truly outcast
in return.

* Quietus: Q., the Discipline of silent

death, is practiced exclusively by the clan

of ~assassins known as the -Assamites and

will therefore stay a mystery forever not only

to the author of these lines but also to all other
>Kindred who are not Assamites.

Encyctopaepia VAMpYRICA

137

It is not exclusively prac
tice by the A ssamites.
Trust me, not exclusively.


Ra: 1. Ancient Egyptian name of the sun as
well as the sun god. Often depicted with a
falcon's head, R. was seen as creator of the uni-
verse and father of the ruling pharaoh. — 2.
In Setite lore the sun god was a powerful
leader who managed to unite the Upper and
Lower Kingdoms. His children Geb and Nut
sired children against his will: --Osiris, Isis,

»Nephthys and Set. Fearing his grandchil-
dren would outshine his own power, he ex-
ecuted Geb and Nut. Angered and full of hate,
Set rose against his grandfather. He was ban-
ished and Osiris followed R. on the throne af-
ter the latter's demise.

NCYCLOPAEDIA VAMPYRICA

138

¢ Rabbat: Member of the Clan of the Hid-
den. Also known as Cloacina, the goddess
of sewers. Once an honored member of her
clan first in Prague and later even

EP pAmogen ant Venice shetia antoltcasiek

»Kindred society in the modern nights,
since everywhere she goes disease and death
are sure to follow. Somehow she must have
been infected with the Black Death, the bu-
bonic plague during the Middle Ages. Ap-
parently, she is not'sick herself, but the dis-
ease has adapted to her supernatural circula-
tion of the blood in a way that means ~>Fi-
nal Death or torpor for all of —*Caine's
children in her direct vicinity.

© Rabble: Nickname of the > Brujah.

¢ Rack: Colloquial term for the parts of town
where mortals venture for entertainment.
The prime feeding ground for the >Kindred.

* Rafastio: The most secluded of -revenant
families that served the >Tal'mahe'Ra. Most
of them were witches or Wicca priests who
lack the power of true -*mages but are none-
theless familiar with the art of blood magic
or >Thaumaturgy. Generally speaking, they
seem to have acted as keepers of
thaumaturgical lore and as occult scholars
for the sect. They never played a very ac-
tive role with regard to the Hand's numer-
ous activities. The family's roots can be
traced back to northern Italy, but tonight
most of its members live in the New World.
It is unclear if the R. stand a chance for sur-

after the recent decline of the sect that
offered them a safe harbor.

¢ Rafin, Gerard: Mortal name of
Smelly.

*Uncle

* Rake: Someone who habitually goes to
the Rack to feed is called a R. in the vul-
gar argot of young —*Kindred; similar older
terms are ->Papillon and gentry.

© Rant: A custom among the ~>Brujah, the
R. is a gathering in which the Rabble speak
on topics of their choosing. These are usu-
ally informal affairs at which anyone may
take the podium (or what passes for it) and
speak his mind. Apparently, the popularity
of the topic and the speaker's stance on it
determines the length of a given speech —
unpopular speakers are booed from "center
stage" or physically removed, while more
popular speakers may go on at length.


> NS

* Rasputin, Grigory Yefimovich: Clan un-
known; *1865, #1916. Mad Russian monk.
Favorite at the court of Nicholas II since
1905. Won influence on the czar's family as
an alleged miracle worker. Despite popular
knowledge, he was not killed during the
Great Revolution, but ~Embraced by an
undisclosed -*Kindred. Afterward, he hid
deep underground from where he still tries
to make life for the Russian people as hard
as possible, driven by an undying thirst for
vengeance. His madness is far beyond com-
prehension, and he terrorizes the Russian
people to keep them divided. R. enjoys de-
ception and misdirection and he managed
to convince the Berlin Nosferatu that he
isone of them. The Russian -Setites claim
to have sired him, but this is probably
wishful thinking.

* Rathmonicus: Legendary True Brujah
and most likely author of the -»Book of the
Empty Heart

Rave: A R. derives froma fashionable craze
originating with English mortals that has
spread around the globe. For unexplainable
feasons, young ~Brujah have adopted this
practice. Usually, a R. starts after an event
of the so-called counter culture most Brujah
frequent on a regular basis. The host of the
R. leaves a clue that does not lead to the
actual place this festivity is held, but to a
different part of town. Popular clues are graf-
fiti, the lyrics of a song or even open direc-

CRS

tions. During a R., up to ten different clues
lead to a large party where abhorrently disso-
nant music is played at health-threatening
volume. Furthermore, the host usually places
several vessels at the crowd's disposal to
ensure that they are having a good time. Since
they attract Brujah from other domains, too,
R.s have become popular opportunities to co-
ordinate clan activities that involve Brujah
from different areas.

© Ravnos: 1. This ~clan's origins lie in the
"Middle Kingdom," including the domains of
India (Mohenjo Daro). To be more exact,
some R. seem to have belonged to the largest
Gypsy families. They prefer a nomadic way of
unlife and are generally detested by Kindred
society (similar to the prejudices the Rroma
experience in mortal society). Due to their
bad reputation when it comes to treachery,
tricks, theft and the general spreading of dis-
cord, they are shunned and even hunted al-
most everywhere. The members of this

»Wanderer Clan return this resentment
manifold by disdaining the --Sabbat as well
as the >Camarilla. They are famous for their
ability to create illusions that they use to trick
or even physically harm their victims. While
this book was being written, the whole clan
suffered a terrible fate. Without warning or
obvious reason, clan members all over the
world succumbed to their ~Beasts and in-
dulged in wild, boundless ->frenzies. In less
than a week, the eerie events seemed to come
toan end, but I am afraid the Wanderer Clan's
history ended then and there as well. Only a
few R. survived the Week of Nightmares;
most destroyed one another, and others were
put down before they posed a threat to the

Masquerade, but in the end it is of no con-
sequence how it all happened. Only the out-
come is important: only a handful of R. still

xist worldwide, though the Sabbat is said to
still include a sizable amount of Ravnos
antitribu within its number. — 2. Despite the
tales about him being ~-Caine's favorite

»childe, it is possibly more accurate (or even
certain) that he belonged to the > Antedilu-
vian founders of the 13 —clans and there-
fore was a member of the Third, not the Sec-
ond, Generation. My reference to this Kin-
dred in the past tense is voluntary since R.
rose in 1999 and was destroyed almost imme-
diately afterward. Of course, his reawakening
coincides with the events that shook the
whole clan in its foundations, and his destruc-

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

139

Fntediluvians? Pah,

hogwash Fill this could

(be the acts a
A elders ou

rowerful Ravnos el?

j eed the weak from their

jus

low

Uniil Tfind real

for the continued

clan.
euidenc
ance of the

ans, Joill

lieve in them

exisle
Aniediluvi


For the 00d
rah sles

hope the Simi,
4S cohy

%% Yo" and
clan, I

tion emphasizes the conclusion reached
above: the Wanderer Clan no longer exists!
The consequences this will have are still a
matter of debate among ->Cainite scholars.
Especially the Camarilla will have to react
quickly now that it has become obvious that
the menace the Antediluvians pose — and
the Inner Circle always dismissed as a fairy
tale — is frighteningly real and knocking on
the sect's iron doors of ignorance!

¢ Raw: »Cainites were also known as
"Keepers of Lore." This group's task within
the now defunct ->Tal'mahe'Ra was to pro-
tect and study the -*Guarded Rubrics.

¢ Re: >Ra.

¢ Realm: Sphere of influence of a +Tremere
»lord. Rs can be defined by geographical
borders, like smaller regions of a large na-
tion or even small continents. Other R.s can
consist of other areas like industry, trade,
politics or government agencies. If such is
the case, no clearly drawn borders for a R.
st.

* Rebekah: ~>Ventrue. I am not sure how a
known diablerist who drank the soul of her
own sire, ~Elihu, among others, managed
to join the ranks of the >Inconnu, though
her increasing influence on politics in un-
stable Chicago will surely bring an end to
her membership one way or the other. For

ExcyCLOpaeDIA VAMPYRICA

140

approximately two centuries she held out
as monitor of that city, but -*Lodin's
»Final Death kindled the flame of vitality
within her, and she consorts with local
»anarchs on an almost regular basis. We
might never know how the ~sect she be-
longs to will react to her excesses. If R.
should disappear in the not-too-distant fu
ture, this incident will speak for itself.

¢ Red Ludwig: Probably member of the

>Clan of the Rose. The most famous and sue-
cessful Kindred art thief after Alexis

>Sorokin. His identity remains an absolute
mystery, in spite of countless victims among
the elders of numerous clans. His MO is so
flawless that I am told it "borders on art,"
though such seems to be an inordinately lib-
eral use of that word. Additionally, he seems
to be an expert in various style epochs. This
is why he is assumed to be a member of the
Clan of the Rose.

>Sabbat term for a new member
»sect who has joined it against his

* Recruit:
of the

will

e- Red. Fe
>Rétschreck

ar: Another name for

© Red Meg: Seventh Generation —Brujah.
In the late 18th century, R. gathered a -co-
terie of rebellious Kindred and traveled to
Australia. They were the first undead settlers
on this continent, but almost immediately
after they had set foot on foreign soil their
alliance fell apart. R. broke all ties to her
former allies after a revolt among mortals she
had instigated herself ended in total failure
and enormous bloodshed. She withdrew to
the Outback, returning only two times from
the exile she had chosen for herself. During
her first reappearance she incited further
unrest among the mortal colonists. She re-
turned a second time to Embrace a mortal
criminal from Melbourne who had caught
her eye. This criminal by the name of Leslie
>Taylor destroyed her shortly thereafter.

¢ Red Star: A new phenomenon that has
appeared in the skies over our world, Mor
tals are unable to see it. It seems to be at
least indirectly related to the -*Week of
Nightmares during which the +Raynos per-
ished.

© Redcoats: Derogatory term for the domi-
nant caste of British ~Kindred in New En-


gland, coined by Battista --Decamerone dur-
ing an assembly of the Kindred of Liberty.

© Regent: 1. Rank within the >Tremere hi-
erarchy. Usually, a R. is head of a>chantry.
— 2. The leader of the --Sabbat in as much
as this sect accepts a —-Cainite's claim to
such a title.

© Regnant: A Kindred who has bound an-
other to a blood oath by having the other
drink his or her vitae three times.

© Reinegger, Ilse: Fifth Generation
»Ventrue; important dates of life and unlife
largely unknown *Sired Gustav
»Breidenstein in 1220. Arrived in ->Berlin
from nearby Belitz in 1244 together with her
*childe to settle. In her role as leader of the
area's >Kindred, at first she proved to be
more ingenious than her predecessor Erik
»Eigermann until Gustav committed
»Amaranth on her in 1312

© Retainers: Mortals serving a Kindred.
This term can apply to ghouls as well as
mortals or sometimes even animals or other
Kindred. R. need not know of their "patron's"
undead nature.

© Retief, Ruud: > Ventrue; important dates
of life unknown; #ca.1900. R. was ~Em-
braced during the Boer War and at first
served the Ventrue leaders of Transvaal. Later

on, he became one of the main instigators of
the South African anti-apartheid movement.
His successes cost numerous older Ventrue
dearly, and many members ofthe ->clan'six
pect that his nights could be numbered.

¢ Revenant families: Also known as ghoul
families. Families of mortals who have served
their undead masters from diverse clans and
factions for considerable spans of time, in
some cases eons. The blood of the -Kin-
dred has tainted their veins for so long that
they are born ghouls.

¢ Rikard, Vencel: Seventh Generation

>Ventrue; *990, #1013. An archetypal Chris-
tian knight, R. arrived in Budapest when King
Geza invited a contingent of Bavarian knights
to form his elite guard. There, he received the

Embrace at the fangs of Bulscu and be-
came Prince of Budapest shortly afterward.
Early on in his unlife, R. swore to protect his

»sire by any means necessary. Burdened with
a petition for support by the Tremere, he
also had to defy the >Tzimisce ~-voivodes who
wanted to drag him into their war in

> Transylvania. When Bulscu fell into >tor-
por, R. watched over his sire. After his sire's
rise in the 16th century, he stood by his side

and has dwelt in the city with him ever since.

¢ Rio de Janeiro: Brazil's former capital is
the nation's most important economic and
cultural center. More than almost any other
city on the globe, R. has two faces — for

>Kindred and kine alike. On one hand you
find decadent debauchery, while on the other
hand death squads hunt for the city's poor
every night. For Cainites, R. offers a never-
ending Carnival: R. is considered a free city
where both large ~>sects do not indulge in
politics and all Kindred are welcome. R. can
be one of the most lethal places for unwary
undead, though. Here, they will not be de-
stroyed for political reasons, but business in-
terests or the pure thrill of taking another

*Kindred's unlife can spell disaster for them
as well. The reason to create a city free from
the machinations of the ->Jyhad can be found
in the two predominant clans of the area, the

»Toreador and the -Lasombra. After hav-
ing fought for centuries, they decided to settle
ona stalemate and consider the city as "com-
mon domain" when gold and precious stones
literally started to flow through it. Therefore,
they declared the so-called Carnival over the
entire city in the early 19th century. Kindred

ENcyctopseDIA VAMPYRICA

141


can Vell wh,
Sepposed fy
but Seay Mer,
2y elder

elher Uf

. al was
© irony

& nol,
* On the sidfg
8 sense

o. subtlety.

of any sect are welcome as long as they are
able to forget about politics during their stay.
The city has become something like a holi-
day resort for the undead, since multitudes of
tourists and sprawling slums (for predators
who either cannot afford to be picky or are
simply too clumsy to hunt elsewhere) offer
more than enough food. Thanks to the im-
pressive variety of clans represented in the
city, everything a Cainite's heart could long
for can be easily found in R. But remember,
R. is as dangerous as it is breathtaking.

* Rodina: Fourth Generation Ravnos; im-
portant dates of life and unlife unknown.

*Sired Durga -+Syn in 922. Supposedly de-
stroyed during the +Week of Nightmares in
July 1999,

© Rétschreck: The ~>Red Fear, as R. is also
called, is nothing other than fear of fire. Al-
though very few things can kill Kindred and
many of the >Damned claim to despise their
undead existence, certain forms of injury scare
us all immensely. R. is the instinctive, panic-
driven, unyielding flight reaction to fiery
threats. Rather harmless stimuli or those un-
der a Kindred's direct control, like lighting a
cigarette, do not lead to R. under normal cir-
cumstances. If one of us is caught in R.'s
clutches, it takes great courage to escape its
iron grip.

© Rome: The Eternal City. According to leg-
end founded by Romulus in 753 B.C. No other
city has influenced the history of mortals and
the undead alike more than R.., the capital of
modern Italy and seat of the pope. R. is noth-
ing more and nothing less than the spiritual
center of the Western world. But I do not want
to look into the city's mortal history, since R.
and the Roman Empire brought about deci-
sive changes for Kindred society in general
and especially for the -Kingship Clan.

The city's undead society was presumably
founded by an Etruscan -+Ventrue

Methuselah named >Tinia. Settlements
grew large enough to allow representatives of
different clans to coexist more or less peace-
fully in the same place. This happened for the
first time since the fall of the -*Second City.
R. as well as her archenemy ~>Carthage were
of that size. Previous centuries and millennia
were a time of ceaseless >Jyhad during which
single clans lorded over cities to wage war on
one another. The gathering of several clans
in one place demanded heretofore unknown

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

142

rules to ensure a peaceful coexistence.
Whereas Carthage failed due to lofty ideals,
>Brujah rancor and ->Assamite corruption,
R. displayed its political splendor by declar.
ing the Pax Romana et Vampirica. Honor to
whom honor is due — representatives of the
»Learned Clan, the Night Clan, the
»Clan of the Moon and the Kingship Clan
conceived this grand accomplishment.

The Pax Romana et Vampirica forbade the
Jyhad within city borders and later through-
out the entire empire, a triumph of states-
manship over isolationism. The eldest of the
clans formed the Eternal Senate as a gov-
erning, legislative and ultimately ruling
body. The Senate was the predecessor of the
modern ~+primogen as we know it in our
times. At the same time, the Ventrue Sen-
ate was founded, which does not exist in
that original form any longer. The Boards
of Directors of the modern nights are noth-
ing but poor imitations compared to the
ideals, the power and the influence the Sen-
ate possessed. Both Senates guaranteed
equal rights of participation for all attend-
ing ~Cainites regardless of age. In case of
the Eternal Senate these rights held true
with regard to clan membership.

Only the threat Carthage posed instigated
further changes, especially for the Clan of
Kingship, since it was Camilla who had
the courage to steadfastly oppose the grow-
ing power of the Carthaginian ~-Brujah. The
Eternal Senate elected him pater patriae, fa-
ther of the fatherland. His new office in-
cluded chairmanship of the Eternal Senate
and made him the single most powerful Kin-
dred in the empire. Later in history, Cainites
like him would be called princes. This
nomination not only shifted the scales of
power to the advantage of the Clan of King-
ship, it also engendered a radical change in
clan politics. Whereas most Ventrue had
seen themselves as keepers of knowledge, the
history of Caine's Children and their Father's
laws, they suddenly were confronted with the
role as leaders of the greatest empire of their
time. Maybe my words will fall on deaf ears,
but this change of political attitude that
turned the Ventrue into a proper Clan of
Kingship led to lengthy and heated debates
in the Ventrue Senate. Camilla's enthusias-
tic speeches, his triumph over Carthage and
his subsequent accomplishments with regard


to powerful mortal figures like Julius Caesar
and Augustus Caesar in time smothered all
opposition within his own clan. And so we
became what we are and what we are de-
spised for the most in modern nights: the
leaders of Caine's Children. Only a handful
of us, like +Ea Adapa and myself, held onto
our old ideals.

Over the centuries the inevitable happened.
The Jyhad ate its way into the hearts of the
Roman Kindred. Too many clans tried to in-
fluence the mortal rulers and it all ended in
recklessness and folly. Too many enemies
waited at the empire's borders, and so it slowly
fell apart, one province at a time, and the
Pax Romana fell apart as well. After Camilla's
destruction, the Eternal Senate itself with-
drew further and further from undead society
until its members were known in the third
century A.D. only as the Incogniti
(>Inconnu). Eventually, the Roman Empire
was torn apart, and at least in the West a long
age of darkness set in.

During the centuries that have passed since
then, the city has seen numerous princes,
and many clans have tried to gain influence
oyer it. Due to the establishment of the
Vatican, the building of St. Peter's Cathe-
dral and the presence of the ->Society of
Leopold (their headquarters can be found
in R.), the city became less and less inhabit-
able for Kindred. Faith is so strong here that
its effects on our kind are unpleasant at best,

CRS)

fatal at worst. Only the Nosferatu have
stayed in any appreciable number, still call-
ing R.'s catacombs and sewers home.

© Rroma: The politically and scientifically
correct term for Gypsies.

© Rose: Often called Mistress of

>Montreal. Born Allison Benson, this
member of Clan Tzimisce is famous for
switching from male to female appearance

at random intervals. Shortly after her >Em-
brace, she diablerized her ~>sire and is now
of the Ninth Generation, She knows all
there is to know about Montreal and is an
excellent source of information.

* Rothschild, Meyer Amschel: Seventh
Generation ~Nosferatu; *1743, #1812
Member of the now disbanded —>primogen
of >Frankfurt. During his mortal years as a
banker, R. managed to build an impressive
financial empire that caught the Nosferatu's
attention. With the exception of the 12 years
of Hitler's Nazi regime, R. spent his whole
unlife in Frankfurt as one of the domain's
most influential +Kindred.

¢ Royal Order of Edenic Groundskeepers:

»Gehenna Cult founded in 1645. The R.
search for ~Antediluvians' havens to pre-
vent Gehenna by destroying then

In the 19th century, some of the more rest-
less members of the cult grew tired of their

ENc¥cLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

143

a an aio


cult brothers' slow, scholarly approach and
segregated themselves as the Imperial Or-
der of Master Edenic Groundskeepers to work
in a more radical fashion. The appearance of
thin-blooded —*Kindred at the end of the 20th
century did not shock the R. as much as ex-
pected. Presently, the cult's conservative fac-
tion is tied down by indecision and torn be-
tween hope and fear. It considers completely
exterminating the thin-blooded, for without
them, there can be no->Time of Thin Blood,
and without that, the >Antediluvians might
miss their cue and remain in —torpor for a
little while. In any case, the cultists want to
prevent the enemy from learning about their
plans too soon.

The radical faction, on the other hand, is too
aroused by the many possibilities to take the
time to worry and has recently sent several
research teams to the most probable remain-
ing locations of Antediluvian havens.

* Ruthven, Lambach: Seventh Generation
>elder of the Clan of Shapers; *ca. 1100.
»Childe of Tabak. Sire of -*Dracula and

suspected model for Polidori's "The Vampyre."

Member of the *Sabbat.

ENc¥cLopsepia VAMpyRICA

144


* Sabbat: 1. A midnight assembly of witches
and sorcerers held in medieval and Renais-
sance times at certain intervals (such as on
Walpurgis Night, Halloween) to renew one's
allegiance with hell. The devil himself was

id to sometimes take part ina S., either in
his true form or disguised as a goat or other
animal. During a S., orgies and rites are cel-
ebrated (such as the Black Mass). — 2. A
malicious sect of Kindred devoted to the
feverence of Caine, our ~*Dark Father
himself. The sect's members often refer to
the faction as the Sword of Caine. The
history of the sect before the accord known
as the Convention of Thorns in the mod-
erm nights is uncertain. Taking into account
the different theories regarding the sect's ori-
gin, only one single fact is beyond all doubt:
theS. rose to prominence after the -Anarch
Revolt, during which the -Lasombra and
>Tzimisce freed themselves from the
~Antediluvians' will by committing > Ama-
tanth on their founders.

Over the intervening centuries, the sect
turned away from our Dark Father and be-
came violent and bestial as it began to in-
dulge in mindless brutality. Tonight, the S.
is dominant in large parts of the North
American East Coast, though recent devel-
opments indicate the sect is having some
difficulty maintaining the domains they
wrest from the *Camarilla.

Although the S. resembles the Camarilla in
some regards, the latter sect is considered the
§.'sarchenemy. According to members of the
§., the Camarilla stands for everything that
is wrong about governments, religions and
modern culture in general. According to the
S., >Cainites are superior to mortals, who

are fit only for food or pastime. S. Cainites do 4
not strive to achieve higher ranks within
mortal society (or the society of those who
pass themselves as mortals). The S. is a con-
siderable threat to each and very city it comes
into contact with — it grows like a cancer in
unsuspecting communities until the city falls
down around their ears. Never before in its
history has the S. succeeded in becoming as
big a problem for the Camarilla as it is now.
Many cities, formerly undisputed centers of
Camarilla power, are now contested bitterly
or have already fallen to the S.

From the outside, the S. appears asa sect whose
members know nothing else than committing

>diablerie and spreading dissent in Kindred
society. Despite all justified criticism, this one-
dimensional view of the S. is wrong. The cul-
ture of the S, revolves around the principles of
loyalty and freedom. The members ceaselessly
try to convert the Kindred of the Camarilla to
their savage and brutal way of unlife. At times,
it seems as if the sect has already infiltrated
the Brujah as well as the Toreador. Theo-
retically the S. wages war on the Antediluvians,
whom they consider to be a real and ove
whelming threat to all Kindred, though the sect
is often decried as an unwitting minion in their
plans. To belong to the S. means to be a sol-
dier in a holy war on ancient, cannibalistic
monsters who passed on the ~>Curse of Caine
during the first nights and are the ultimate evil
ina biblical sense. For the S., itis us or them in
that eternal struggle, whereas "us" excludes lit-
erally everyone who is not a sect member. The
Kindred of the S. are fanatics to the core who
would walk through the fires of hell for the good
of their sect without hesitation. They fall upon
their enemies in flocks and tear them to pieces
like a wolf pack does with its prey.
Internal rivalries, treachery, schisms, power
games and old feuds slowly bring about the
sects downfall. Fortunately for civilized undead
society, for every three steps forward the S. takes
it is forced two steps back due to its internal
turmoil. --Packs, which form the core of the
S., are loose coteries of Kindred united by an
at least nominally common goal. The clans
within the S. are not regarded as distinct groups,
and there are no such things as clan meetings
or gatherings.

In some cases, upon their Embrace, S. Kin-
dred are buried in mass graves or otherwise

subject to some sort of brutish "mass Em-
brace." If they manage to unearth themselves

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

145


a

should babe

L eres
jou Gave been

Leusitar s+ aw

been more ical
{Sn pou?

b

hoy sombra itl tb ‘4 a

yabbat for 4

member of the
fong fimes ++

age RRaea

without any help, the new ~recruits are ready
to join their fellow sect members as true mon-
sters, without the weak affectations of the

»kine they once were. The S. corrupts many
of the traditions and practices of those insti-
tutions it abhors. For example, members use
the titles of the Catholic Church for their own
honoraries and mock the holy sacraments by
turning their own rites into travesties thereof.
Most important among these rites is the

»Vaulderie, during which the sect members
drink of each other's blood. This frees them
from any ~>blood bonds to a Kindred master
and also prevents them from being forced into
one ata later time, though their new sanguine
ties to each other (known as Vinculi) can be
as strong as the classical blood oath. S. Kin-
dred participate in numerous other rituals.
Their number appears to be countless. Many
S. Kindred reputedly know a ritual that al-
lows them to be up and moving even in bright
daylight for short periods of time. Other ritu-
als include the fire dance and other forms
of interacting with open flame.

Despite a lack of formal organization, the S
offers a large number of offices to its mem-
bers. Apart from the aforementioned offices
derived from the church, a more warlike
branch of the upper echelon exists. This in-
cludes the ~templars and ~paladins, who
serve as bodyguards and assassins for the —>re-
gent, the prisci and the cardinals. The S

is often referred to as the Black Hand, but
the Hand in itself apparently consists only of
a rather small group within the sect. Reput-
edly, the S. Kindred communicate in a secret
language virtually unknown among members
of the Camarilla.

© Sabbat Clans: Originally, only two true S.
existed: the ~Lasombra and the -Tzimisce.
Members of other clans have been assimi-
lated by the >Sabbat ever since. Usually,
those representatives of other clans go by the
epithet -antitribu, except for the >Panders
and the Serpents of Light.

* Sabbat Inquisition: The S. is aptly named
after its counterpart in the mortal world. Just as
brutal and ruthless as its Catholic predecessor,
the S. serves to fight the dramatic increase of
infernalism within the sect. As powerful Sabbat
officials, the Inquisitors can even remove ~bish-
ops and priests from their positions. Although
the S. seemingly has only a few members, their
far-spanning jurisdiction and political might
make them formidable indeed.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA
146

* Saieed, Dr. Fatima: ~>Lasombra. This doc-
tor of psychology has been engaged in the
study of the peculiarities and mutations of

»Obtenebration for several decades. She is
a highly regarded expert on the matter.

* Salubri: If you ask a > Warlock what hap-
pened to the S., the answer will surely be
that this clan of soul drinkers has been ex-
tinguished. Both assumptions are wrong —
they were not soul drinkers, nor are they
extinct. --Saulot's progeny have been
hunted since >Tremere's Amaranth of
their founder, but not all of them have been
found. The Unicorns — as they were called
before Tremere propaganda turned them into
Cyclops — were a rather peaceful clan, far
from any demonic activities they were ac-
cused of later. The clan was divided into two
broad branches: healers and warriors, the
ter created due to the need for physical prow-
ess during lengthy conflicts with infernal
enemies. Nevertheless, there were always
more healers than warriors. Their powers
allowed them to heal physical as well as psy-
chological injuries. Also, most of the S. were
determined to stay as humane as possible —
the majority even tried to walk in their
founder's footsteps to reach Golconda
Others who suspected that they would never
reach that goal followed the so-called Via
Dolorosa. The ethics of these moral values
forced them to bring as little harm as pos-
sible onto the world. The last consequence
of these ideas was to let oneself be diablerized
by one's own ~*childe. This also allowed
them to transfer their knowledge and expe-
rience to their childer without inflicting their
evils on Earth by taking one more mortal into
the night. How the Tremere managed to de-
stroy the clan so utterly that most Kindred
have even forgotten it ever existed remains
a mystery to me. But the times are changing.
Not only are there persistent rumors about a
tiny group of S. that seems to have survived
centuries of persecution, but recently a large
number of —-antitribu appeared within the
»Sabbat. They are determined to wage war
on the + Warlocks to have their revenge. |
wonder if we are dealing with a case of be-
lated justice here.

* Salubri antitribu: After having been be-
lieved extinct for centuries, Clan --Salubri
caused great turmoil in >Kindred society in
1998, especially among the ranks of the

>Tremere. Seemingly from out of nowhere,


a Kindred of this clan by the name of
»Adonai turned up as a high-ranking mem-
ber of the -Sabbat. He sired a brood of
*childer and declared war on the
»*Camarilla for the pain the sect had in-
flicted on his clan and its support of the

»Warlocks.

© Samadji: Literally translated from the
*Rroma language this word means "heir-
loom." A powerful form of ->Draba passed on
from sire to -*childe within Clan ~>Raynos.

Samedi: The so-called "Zombies" are defi-
nitely one of the most enigmatic —>blood-
lines, Their outward appearance resembles
acotpse ina late stage of decomposition, and
rumors claim they even decompose further
after their Embrace. They are expert Nec-
fomancers; it is far more terrifying, however,
that they can curse others with the bodily
decay they suffer from, especially other
*Cainites. Due to their powers and their
appearance it can be assumed that they are
an offshoot either of the Giovanni, the
*Nosferatu or maybe even both. No clan
has claimed responsibility for this bloodline
sofar, though. Like many others, it stays neu-
tral in the ongoing war between the
*Camarilla and --Sabbat. Its members have
made a reputation for themselves in serving
other -Kindred as bodyguards and merce-
naries. It is generally assumed that the
Cainite who calls himself Baron Samedi is
the oldest member of the line, though he
rarely talks about his origins. He supposedly
visited +Venice only a short while ago to
talk to Augustus >Giovanni in person. Even
though he had not been announced, he en-
tered and left the Mausoleum unharmed.
Apparently, he came to deliver a message to
the ~Capuchin. Regardless of how long the
Giovanni may uphold their bold claims of
having destroyed each and every
*Cappadocian, when I take a close look at
some recent occurrences, | simply cannot
believe them. The S. may possess different
powers, but their outer appearance was noth-
ing unusual for members of the Clan of
Death during the late Middle Ages (see
*Troglodytia).

© Samiel: —-Salubri. The ~childe of the
*Antediluvian —-Saulot was the first and
mightiest warrior of his clan. According to
the apocrypha of our kind, he was a young
man of strong will who felt uncomfortable

CRS

>Caine
sted that the childe should learn
the art of war to keep him focused. Reputedly,

with his role as healer. Eventually,
himself sugg

the founders of the Gangrel and -Brujah
clans took care of him and became his men-
tors. He turned into a young warrior of hard-
ened body and mind, ready to defend the weak
and innocent and fight evil in the world. He
adopted the name S., an alias under which he
would become a legend. His scriptures on the
experiences he had made became the code of
honor for all warriors of Clan Salubri.

* San Francisco Redwood Revel: Regular
»gathering of Clan >Gangrel.

¢ San Gerande, Arturo: ~Ventrue. As an
almost unique exception among South
American Kindred, this ~Camarilla

»prince claims the -*domain of Belize. His
domain is rather small, but it is one of the few
places on the continent to which this sect can
lay claim. Facing the Sabbat threat from
Mexico to the north and Guatemala to the
south and west, the prince is well prepared
for conflict. He has contacted several Euro-
pean elders with pleas for financial and mili-
tary support. Three -*Samedi bodyguards pro-
tect this proud and fearless Kindred.

* Sangris, the Serpent: Seventh Generation
»Serpent of Light. Former member of the
>Inquisition who resides in

»Sabbat

EncycropseDiA VAMPYRICA

147

FW is re, 7,
Fit is really a Teithisce
Ds ing You would nof
have
had lo mention and
eaphasize ifs
Discipline

' hideousness,
Lucila

Their name

Carries suc
such connolation
you know

With all due respect,
Master Bindusara,
this ts an intolerable

example of an ex-
fremely biased his-

forical account! What
comes next? Maybe
you fry lo convince us
thal the demon Saulot
died on the cross on

Calvary

»Montreal. The rumors and stories about him
are countless, and only a very small number
of them can be verified. Most often it is said
that he consorts with demons and spreads fa-
tal diseases of the blood.

© Sanguinis: The despicable, abhorrent

»Discipline bestowed upon the ~Blood
Brothers by their creators, the >Tzimisce. S.
is related to >-Vicissitude and allows the user
to combine and exchange body parts with
others — a truly hideous practice.

© Sargatanas: One of the supposed names of
the -Ravnos ~Antediluvian.

* Sargon Fragment: A mythical, legendary
text sought after like no other document on
Earth. Even the compilation of an edition of
the Book of Nod pales in comparison with
the task of finding and keeping this mysteri-
ous fragment. It reputedly contains
Cappadocius's own writings describing his way
to apotheosis. Moreover, it illustrates nu-
merous thaumaturgical and necromantic ritu-
als, proof of its author's mastery in regard to
these arcane arts. Nobody knows if the S. is
fact or fiction. At the very least, Clan

Giovanni invests extensive amounts of time
and resources to locate it. Even the >founders
employed a group of explorers in the 15th cen-
tury who are still desperately trying to get their
hands on the fragment

 Sarrasine: —Follower of Set. This Sixth
Generation Serpent can look back upon a
long and turbulent unlife mbraced in
Byzantium during the reign of Justinian, he
employed the Serpents' weapons with el-
egant grace that knew no equal. In the course
of only a few, short centuries he had surpassed
his >sire and had stolen the last secret from
him. He survived the city's fall and went un-
derground for some time, before reappearing
in Great Britain to pursue another agenda.
He went there presumably to undermine the
local > Ventrue power structure but decided
to leave England for Australia shortly there-
after. Posing as a member of the Clan of
the Rose, he first became trusted advisor of
the Ventrue Abram and later Prince of
Sydney. In the 1950s he declared Sydney a
free city. As of yet, the --Camarilla has not
shown any reaction to that move. Probably
he is still regarded as a -*Toreador. Mean-
while, Sydney is turning into a safe haven
for >Cainite criminals of all sorts who can
start a new unlife there. The only >Tradi-

ENcycLOpseDiA VAMpYRICA

148

tion upheld strictly is the ~Masquerade.
The city depends on that policy since the
prince does not careabout the Thied Tradia
tion, so that an unknown number of Kin-
dred prowl the streets.

© Saulot: Clan ~Salubri's ->Antediluvian

>founder supposedly spent a lot of time with

>Caine himself and was an intimate confi-
dant of -*Malkav, whose madness was un-
bearable when he was not in S.'s presence.
According to rumor either the most gentle
Antediluvian or a ravaging eater of souls, S.
took Gabriel's prophecy about a way to re-
demption to heart and followed that hope
for millennia until he became the first

»Cainite ever to achieve Golconda. In
pursuit of this spiritual goal he traveled all
over the world, and even the ~Kuei-jin
knew him by the name of Zao-Lat. The words
to his childer in the Book of Nod speak
of forgiveness and the long, dangerous path
one has to follow to earn it. They also sug-
gest that he knew of his eventual destruc-
tion. > Tremere himself chose peaceful S. to
steal the Antediluvian's soul in order to gain
acceptance for him and his followers as a
proper clan. The question why Tremere
chose the most peaceful and probably wisest
of the ~Ancients can only be answered by
pointing to the relative ease of the tas!
had no guards and did not put up any resis-
tance. In the end, the Antediluvian was
right. Even though S. was destroyed, his
childer survived. Maybe they are stronger in
our nights than they have ever been before.
More important, his legacy endured: the
hope so many of us carry in our undead hearts
that redemption, forgiveness, a higher state
of being in which the >Beast Within is ulti-
mately subdued, truly exists.

* SchreckNet: A worldwide information
network maintained by the >Nosferatu that
can be accessed via the Internet. Through
the S., members of the Clan of the Hid-
den constantly exchange encrypted mes-
sages. By sharing information and opinions,
Nosferatu who are online can tap into a vast
treasure chamber of experiences and knowl-
edge. Furthermore, the S. allows a safe way
of internal communication with an efficiency
that can be found nowhere else, except
maybe among Giovanni or Tremere.

¢ Schreckt, Karl: Fifth C
>Tremere; *1195, #1235.

Generation
>Justicar of his


*clan until 1998. S. isa very powerful Kin
dred, and the rumors and tall tales about his

person and achievements have become too
numerous to count over the years. In S.'s eyes,

the foundation of the Camarilla was the
Most crucial point of time in Kindred his.
tory. The sect's rules and Traditions are
worthy of being protected with one's own
unlife. S. remembers all too well the time of
the +Inquisition, and his most urgent goal
is to ensure that mortals keep believing the
lies that they are being fed about the exist-
ence of the Kindred. During his term as a
justicar, he chose only the best and most cou
tageous Kindred as his ->archons. Reportedly,
he has been a witch-hunter in his mortal days.
He is supposed to have consumed the blood
of a ~Lupine in his undead youth, which
could explain his untiring endurance and al-
most bestial force of will. The most severe
rumors claim that he once met ~>Caine face
to face. Most observers were surprised when
Anastasz --di Zagreb was declared Tremere
Justicar in 1998. S, surely must have been
bestowed with a special rank, because even
the power of a justicar seemed no longer
enough to continue his crusade against all
enemies of the Camarilla.

* Scott, Edward: Seventh Generation
*Brujah; *1399, #1432. Member of the Mil-
waukee ~primogen. S., who goes by the
moniker of "Black Prince," defends the

»anarchs' rights with almost religious fervor.
This often leads to conflicts with the other
primogen of the city, but his stalwart behav-
ior and his sense of honor guaranteed him a
seat on the council of elders in the modern
nights.

* Scourge: As the Final Nights grow more
and more violent and the cities are full of un-
known Kindred, some ~>princes have rees-
tablished this old office. The S. patrols a

>domain's borders, looks for newcomers who
have not been introduced and often destroys
them. Handling the thin-blooded also typi-
cally falls under their purview

© Scout: A well-trained and prepared
*Sabbat member who infiltrates the
>Camarilla and acts as spy for his sect

* Scrolls of Enlightenment: The 13 scrolls
the legendary founders of the ~Cult of En-
lightenment used to write down all their wis-
dom many centuries ago.

© Second City: After the Deluge, Caine
hid from his grandchilder, for he could not
bear their sight anymore. The city of +Enoch
had drowned in the floods, but soon a new
city was built in her place, which we call the
S. tonight. Nevertheless, this city was not to
last long, soon to be torn apart by inner strife
between the 13 clan founders.

© Sect: General term used for a faction of
»Kindred. *Camarilla, -*Sabbat

© Seer Cults: A form of >Gehenna cult that
has developed in recent nights. Essentially a
catchall term for a small but steadily growing
number of groups worldwide. Even though
some of them are actually organized and kept
together by prophets, most of the time >el-
ders pull their strings, whereas the seer holds
a position similar to that of a --vizier. Some
cults even boast several prophets. Their fol-
lowers and patrons place their trust in the
seers' visions about the end of the world.

¢ Selina, Dark: Sixth Generation ~Brujah;
important dates of life and unlife unknown.
S. represents all of those +Kindred who are
convinced that the Masquerade should be
upheld no longer so that Kindred can claim
their rightful place as rulers of mortals again
—a notion dangerously close to the tenets of
the +Sabbat. This similarity could explain the
rumors that suggest it was S. who convinced

>Tyler to attack >Hardestadt, an assassina-

ExcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

149


tion attempt that set the Anarch Revolt in
motion.

S. was supposedly slain by her own ~*childe

>Pendragon in the 18th century, though
some conjectures claim she only fell in >tor-
por and still rests somewhere in Switzerland.

* Selivanoy, Oleg: Ninth Generation mem-
ber of the Clan of Shapers. A prominent
member of the Russian Mafia in +New York,
suspected to have fled when the ~Camarilla
claimed the city as domain. Born in Russia,

S. suborned influence among the world of

organized crime from the —Setites and the

»Giovanni from right under their noses. To-
gether with his allies he has managed to in-
fluence a whole neighborhood of New York
City, Brighton Beach, which is now called
Little Odessa.

* Seneschal: This is one of the offices of a
>domain many princes would like to for-
get, although it can occasionally be of impor-
. A'S. is supposed to be chamberlain,
sete in command and advisor to the prince
of a given domain. He can be called upon any-
time to act as representative of the prince if
the latter has to leave his domain on business
matters, abdicates or is slain.

¢ Seraph: Title of the four leaders of the
Black Hand.

© Serpentis: S. 's legacy, a gift to his
»childer. The *Followers of Set are the only
»Cainites who possess this enigmatic > Dis-
cipline, which allows the practitioner to emu-
late certain aspects of serpents.

* Serpents of the Light: It is not exactly ob-
vious to me what differentiates this ->clan
from the Followers of Set, except for the
act that the S. have joined the -Sabbat.
They are united, however, when it comes to
their mutual hatred for one another. The
antitribu often support their sect by routing

out Ser's progeny and neutralizing them.

* Servitors of Irad: --Gehenna cult founded
in 1456. The S. resemble the "Way of the
Ancient Lawgivers. They believe in slavery
under the yoke of the ~Antediluvians. When
Gehenna comes, the S. want to be able to
prove they have done all within their might
to help their elders return to power. Over the
years, the S. have assembled a corps of >Kin-
dred with "extrasensory powers" whose job is
to listen for any hints of marching orders of

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

150

the Ancients. For lack of clear orders, the
respective S. have to decide for themselves
how to deal with the >thin-blooded in the
Final Nights. See ~Irad.

© Set: This great warrior during the reign of
>Ra would later become the god of dark-

ness in Old Egypt. He is generally accepted

as the progenitor of the ~clan called
>Setites or Followers of Set.

© Seth: Third son of Adam and Eve. Pro-
genitor of humanity. First ghoul of
»Caine. Vanished without a trace after
»Enoch's destruction.

© Setites: --Followers of Set.

* Seven Circles of Mystery: A term for the
different levels of magical training a

>Tremere receives before he is allowed to
advance to a higher rank within the clan's
internal hierarchy.

© Shadow Crusade: A reference to a con-
flict that pits one faction of the Tzimisce
against another. As sources on this matter
have been hard to come by, the S. is largely
unverifiable but seems to revolve around the
use of -Vicissitude. The wagers of the S.
maintain that Vicissitude is a disease or some
other entity and eschew it.

© Shadowlands: The realm of the dead, sepa-
rated from the lands of the living by the
Shroud.

© Shahid: Arabic "martyr." The -Assamites
use this term to refer to one of their ~+clan
siblings who has been lured into a death trap
by means of a contract.

© Shaitan: 1. Arabic for an evil person, devil
or demon. — 2. The most famous and infa-
mous ~>Baali the world has ever seen. He
appeared from out of nowhere and claimed
to be the founder of this demonic ~>blood-
line. According to some lines of thought, he
was none other than >Nergal. He tried to
open a portal in the labyrinth of Knossos on
Crete that would have allowed the demonic
host he served to invade Earth. An attack
by an alliance of several clans eventually
stopped him. It has never been certain, how-
ever, if he was destroyed in the labyrinth or
if he managed to escape. Nonetheless, nu-
merous Baali have tried to walk in his foot-
steps by taking his name in order to unite
the bloodline under their banner. Fortu-
nately, none of these attempts succeeded.


Rumors occasionally spread, according to
which Nergal survived and is still at large
somewhere in the New World. I can imag-
ine very few places on Earth where his cor-
tupting, consuming influence could not have
yet been felt. One of these places is >Mexico

City, the seat of the >Sabbat's >regent.

¢ Shakar: The "hunt." Members of the now
defunct Manus Nigrum referred to every
hunt on powerful enemies of their conspiracy
asa S. Most often, ~>kamuts were formed to
stalk and destroy these adversaries.

© Shakari: Archaic term within the >Sabbat
for the eldest of the --Assamite antitribu.

* Sheriffs Most S.s are chosen by the
prince and acknowledged by the
*primogen. The job offer may be different

from ~-domain to domain, but it is the S.'s

main task to act as enforcer of the prince.

He brings transgressors to justice, keeps the

Streets safe and stands by his prince's side as

"talking muscle." A S. can choose deputies

who are occasionally acknowledged by the

prince.

* Shiqq: Mortal servant and vizier of the
»Tal'mahe'Ra before the secret sect's de-
mise.

* Shroud: The barrier of disbelief and de-
Spair that separates the lands of the living
from the netherworld and death from life.

Sidhe: Ancient word for the fey. Faeries.

* Si'Djeha: Cainite of unknown clan. For
centuries she has belonged to the dominant
caste of +Kindred in the Middle East. Even
when she joined the >Tal'mahe'Ra and be-
came a Seraph, her reputation did not suf-
fer in the least. The same goes for her repu-
tation after the sect disbanded. She is respon-
sible for considerable bloodshed in her na-
tive region. Apparently, she tries to use vio-
lence to preserve the current balance of
power there.

* Sidonia, Don Medina: Undeservedly, S.
belongs to Clan --Lasombra. As admiral of
Bee nlslt Porniada he wasizespensible for
more failures than the nation could afford.
The oldest members of my clan, however,
regarded it as a capital jest to starve him for
awhile after his >Embrace by Dona Beatriz
and then bring him to the chambers of Philip
ILS. tried to drink the king's blood for sev-
eral hours but was hindered by Dona Beatriz

Although the elders' goal of punishing the don
for his incompetence with regard to states
manship was reached, they did not destroy S.
afterward. In the modern nights, he even be-
longs to the strategic leaders of the Lasombr:
which probably accounts for the clan's lim-
ited successes in recent centuries.

* Siege: --Sabbat strategy to overtake a city
or domain of the >Camarilla. Usually, smaller
neighboring towns are infiltrated quietly,
avoiding any attention. The target area is cut
off by occupying strategically important points
and supply routes (for weapons, money and
communications). Then, the S. proper begins,
and the target is taken over from the perim-
eter inward. Often, there is organized resis-
tance so that the target area needs to be con-
quered street by street. A S. needs vast re-
sources in Kindred and weapons.

* Siegfried: Sixth (originally Seventh) Gen-
eration ~Ventrue; *356, #378. —-Prince of

>Vancouver, a domain he claims
undisputedly. Childe of the former Roman
consul Regulus, who was impressed by the
barbarian's intelligence and successes. Regu-
lus paid Siegfried a visit and offered him the
"gift" of undeath. Eventually, S. received the

»Embrace after having contributed to a vic-
tory against Roman troops and the beginning
of the Germanic invasion of the Roman Em-

Encyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

151


Unyery ane mistiee

AND FREEDOM *
sounos uke the CF

AN onan .
chem. Lers :
sour the INcompaT"
reirry oF pRetens?
ano pealty OY
Fens.

pire. Committed Amaranth on his own

»sire. In his mortal days, S. was an important
chieftain. of the Visigoths. He encourages a
strict policy of nonaggression within -Kin-
dred society in his domain and fervently be-
lieves in upholding the ceasefire with the lo-
cal Garou.

ilsila: A term the ->Assamites use for ~el-
ders or other highly respected persons who act
as priests for the Path of Blood outside

»Alamut.

© Sire: A ->Kindred's creator, used for men
and women alike.

© Sire's Index Finger: Extremely rare magi-
cal artifact. An old bone that does not neces-
sarily have to be a former body part of its user's

»sire. Any bone thus enchanted is called a
S. regardless of its origins. Whoever holds the
S. is able to withstand the pangs of >frenzy
with relative ease.

© Sir Cum Laude: One of the Six Knights.

Sir Praxis: One of the x Knights.

Sir Pro Bono: One of the -*Six Knights.
Sir Probus: One of the Six Knights.
Sir Sine Die: One of the ~Six Knights.
Sir Sine Qua Non: One of the *Six Knights.

Siren: A term used for Kindred who se-
duce mortals without killing them and drink
only the smallest amount of vitae after they
have put the kine to sleep.

¢ Six Knights: Six Malkavians; *variable,
#1810. +Childer of Nathan ~Skarvan. The
3. are five men and one woman, ~Sir Cum
Laude, ~Sir Praxis, ->Sir Sine Qua Non, >Sir
Pro Bono, Sir Sine Die and ->Sir Probus,
who were patients at an asylum for the in-
sane long before their Embrace. They found
a fragile inner stability when together. They
withdrew into a world of make-believe full of
knights, dragons and sorcerers, a form of mass
psychosis that went deeper and was far more
complex than their former individual. prob-
lems but which allowed them only limited
interaction with the real world. One evening,
a black knight arrived at their monastery and
cast a spell upon them — this is how they see
their Embrace. From then on, they rose each
night from their earthen beds and watched
the black knight take a ride to prepare the
"dragon feast" — the kidnapping and exsan-

EncycLopaepia VAMpyRICA

152

guination of a mortal. At first, the six en-
joyed their new way of "life." Then came that
fateful night when Sir Skarvan failed to re-
turn from his nightly hunt for the terrible
beast. Their search for him, which did not
reach any farther than the neighboring town,
was in vain. Just as the six were retreating to
the shadows of their castle, the black knight
rode into the dining hall and thrust a man
and a child off his horse. Obviously, he
wanted to make the boy his squire, a deci-
sion none of the six agreed with, since this
nobleman was of a higher station than the
knight. Moreover, Sir Skarvan already called
six squires his own, five more than any other
knight throughout the land. The black
knight lifted the king — for surely this was
what the nobleman must have been — high
over his head and carried him to the well
with the six watching the scene. They be-
gan to focus on the destruction of the black
knight, who did not feel a thing, and began
to drink the king's blood despite the attacks
of his squires. Finally, the king stumbled and
fell down the well. The black knight stepped
back and pressed his hands against his head
as if suddenly struck with a severe headache.
Eventually, the six managed to break Sir
5 's will a few scant hours later. He
even "volunteered" to let the king (King,
Quentin III) kill him. Ever since (1810),
the six loyally serve King, whom they call
the "New Arthur." In recent times, though,
he repeatedly bade them to follow the or-
ders of King Biltmore's (William
>Biltmore) puppets. Being forced to obey
the Redcoats' leader slowly erodes their loy-
alty toward their king.

¢ Skarvan, Nathan: Eighth Generation

»Malkavian. Destroyed in 1810. -Sire of
the -Six Knights and of Quentin King.
A murderer who killed and devoured a four-
year-old girl. Committed suicide by letting
King diablerize him. King was a police de-
tective prior to his Embrace who tracked
S. to his haven.

© Slave: A term used within the >Sabbat
for an ~anarch who belongs to the sect.

¢ Slum: This term refers to the act of feeding
from the homeless and the poor. Kindred
who do so habitually are called "slummers."

© Smiling Jack: 10th Generation > Brujah;
*1611,#1654. »Anarch leader from Los An-
geles. S. is reputed to have been a buccaneer


in his days as a mortal. His reputation among
North America's anarchs grew rapidly. His
popularity almost rivals that of Jeremy
*MacNeil. According to sources from the
»Anarch Free State, these influential >Kin-
dred often disagree, especially since S.'s ag-
gressive attitude could easily provoke the
wrath of the continent's most powerful
»princes.

* Snake Clan: Old term for the ->Followers
of Set from the Book of Nod. Alludes to
their -rclan Discipline of Serpentis.

* Snorri: A famous Finnish storyteller of
Clan >Gangrel.

* Society of Leopold: Catholic secret soci-
ety originating from the Inquisition and
continuing its work after the 19th century.

* Sons and Daughters (of Caine): A term
the >Sabbat use for >"Kindred."

* Sorokin, Alexis: --Ravnos. Also known
as Danya as well as so many other names that
their number alone could fill the pages of a
book the size you are holding in your hands.
Although she has not been around as long
as Red Ludwig, her reputation among those

*Kindred in the know about her activities
is almost as excellent as his. Essentially, she
hasalready wrapped an ~relder from each and
every clan around her finger to rob the un-
suspecting victim of his most precious pos-

o

sessions — there is only one exception. To
date, she has never stolen from Clan

>Tremere. The Clan of the Rose placed her
on the list of the Kindred most wanted, but
nevertheless the >Toreador will have words
with anyone who dares to stalk S., since their
utmost concern is not with the thief — it is
the stolen treasures they are after.

© Spider-Killer: -*Ravnos. This figure first
appeared on the scene in Tucson in 1894 and
has cut a trail of destruction through the
American Southwest ever since. His most
dangerous weapon surely is his mastery of il-
lusions, and many ~>Cainites met their >>Fi-
nal Death while trying to stop him. His pur-
pose is known only to him, and he does not
seem to follow any agenda or plan. The only
certain thing that can be said about his ac-
tions is that his main targets are either

»Setites or --Sabbat Cainites. Apart from
mere speculations, nothing is known about
him — although he probably was destroyed
during the Week of Nightmares.

© Status Perfectus: The "constitution" of the
»Anarch Free State wherein freedom and fra-
ternity for all and among all Kindred are
called for. Except for the +Masquerade, most
*Traditions of the -Camarilla are generally
renounced.

ENc¥CLOpADIA VAMP¥RICA
153

aN TCE

Dbeljo,
believe the $wO0d lo be in
Vienna, mayb

6 even zn
Tremere

* ceypt. Fy leas),
S Said thal ffs

Lands chateh the fff of
@
word as he Lies jn

4 sarcophagi

ais alway

Coopor tin

He
a ed thal mop
Yhos! Nyping

be

slop.

Cantned
4 ed
his name /

a Nee 3
¥.!

O35

——<—<—_——

GRE a tage

CAD

¢ Stone, Prudence: Nosferatu. A remark-
able member of the Clan of the Hidden from
New England who was waiting for her execu-
tion on claims of witchcraft prior to her >Em-
brace. Supposedly she was gifted with the
Second Sight. She dreamed about the future
and could see through the powers of -Obfus-
cate even in the days when she was still walk-
ing under the sun. This remarkable talent was
not destroyed by the Embrace, and so she soon
became one of the most prestigious members
of her clan in America. She resides somewhere
in Boston and has often been a great help in
averting ~»Sabbat attacks. Her opinion is held
in high regard in New England, especially by
other Nosferatu. It is rumored that she saved
her city from the clutches of the Sabbat dur-
ing the recent invasion —at least, she always
knew where the enemy would strike next.

Strathcona, Kyle: S. is an Eighth Gene
tion ~Ventrue ~antitribu and ~Sabbat
»Cardinal of Canada. Since he is rather con
servative with regard to sect politics, the de:
velopments of the 20th century must be a
thorn in S.'s side. As a member of the sect
since its first nights, he is a fervent defender
of fraternity and freedom within it. These ide:
als made him shun the -*Camarilla in the first
place. Times are changing too fast for his taste.
Whoever interprets his prudence as weakness,

EncycLopsepia VAMpYRICA
154

however, is sure to learn from the tip of his
blade that he is anything but weak. As a de-
vout member of his sect, he will never stray
from the path he considers to be the highest
ideal of righteousness.

© Streck, Maris: Eighth Generation

»*Malkavian; 1740, #1762. -*Childe of Lutz
von Hohenzollern. Malkavian —Justicar
since 1998. As a child of an impoverished
merchant family, she grew up in squalor and
misery. Living on petty theft, she one night
tried to steal from the manor of the
Malkavian Lutz von Hohenzollern, who no-
ticed the young burglar. He sent her visions
and increased her innate paranoia to unex-
pected heights. Then he Embraced her,
and ~Malkav's blood taught her an impor-
tant lesson: crimes cry out for vengeance,
and the strong have to act as judge, jury and
executioner for those too weak to avenge
themselves.

S. learned everything Lutz could teach her
about the Embrace, her newfound powers
and the madness in her blood. In the end,
she recognized him as the monster that he
was. She informed the families of his last vie-
tims of his resting place and left it to them
to pass judgment on him. On the following
night, after Lutz had been dragged from his
manor into broad daylight, she fled to
Munich. She served the local prince as in-
vestigator for a while, continued her jour-
ney and hired herself out to princes who


could afford her consultancy. The wave of
madness that crashed down upon the
Malkavians of the >Camarilla in 1997 seems
to have avoided her. Her influence in the
European Union, her reputation as a brilliant
investigator and her steadfast ambition com-
bined with the intercession of Frangois
Villon and Lady Anne ~Bowesley contrib-
uted to her eventual nomination as justicar.
Sidrinks only from criminals or lunatics,
never from persons she considers to be in-
nocent.

* Sunlight: S. poses an even greater threat
tothe »Kindred than does fire. No >*Cainite
iswholly immune to the searing, destructive
fire of the sun. Of course, the damage in-
flicted varies with the intensity of the light.
Even dim light falling between closed cur-
tains, twilight or rays of sunlight penetrat-
ing the cloud cover can cause most severe
burns. Direct sunlight means a painful >Fi-
nal Death in a few seconds full of agor

* Suspire, the: The dream dance in the last
stage of the search for Golconda.

* Sword of Caine: A name the
has given itself.

>Sabbat

® Sword of Dracula: This relic's history —
a. weapon presumably once wielded by the
great Vlad ->Tepes himself — is shrouded in
mystery. It is a broadsword of expert quality
with a gleaming blade and an ornamented

hilt. It was forged by Vlad >Dracul,
~Dracula's father. He was assisted by the
»*Ravnos Durga -*Syn and her knowledge
of the demon ->Kupala. The S. possesses sev-
eral magic abilities: Most important, it can
absorb the vitae of those it wounded to
telease the blood later when a ruby on its
pommel is touched. Moreover, it commits a
magical form of Amaranth of sorts on those
slain with it. Dracul passed the S. on to his
son, who never used it in battle but put it on
display as a piece of art in his castle. Later,
Dracula discovered the rituals necessary to
summon the demon and pointed out the
Means to tear apart the web of ancient magic
that bound him to Transylvanian soil. At-
tempting to release Kupala, Dracula re-
claimed his sword, which had been stolen
years earlier. As far as anyone knows, it is
still in his possession. Legend knows of a sis-
ter sword forged at approximately the same
time with Durga Syn's help as well

(>Ainkurn).

¢ Sword of Nuln: This artifact is a plain and
innocent-looking short sword with a straight
blade. It is made of bronze, easy to wield and
inflicts injuries that take more than the nor-
mal amount of ~vitae to heal.

Originally, the S. was the weapon of the de-
mon ->Drakonskyr, who forged it in 2834 B.C.
and slew +Urlon of Uruk with it, among oth-
ers. The ~Ventrue ~Lantla, whose body was
temporarily possessed by Drakonskyr
(Tiamat), threw the sword into the River
Tigris. In 806 A.D. the S. resurfaced
unexplainably on a shelf in the Bayt al-Hima,
the "House of Wisdom." A —Brujah called
the Thief of Baghdad stole it in 1098, and it
remained lost for more than 400 years. In 1441
the Tremere found it and stowed it away in
a'safe place.

¢ Sword of Troile: This is the sword of le;
end >Troile supposedly used to strike down

>Brujah before committing ~Amaranth on
him. It is a rather plain sword, except that its
blade is crafted of crystal and stone splinters,
not of metal. It is so large that a man from our
time could only use it two-handed. Kindred
archaeologists suppose its location to be some-
where in an inaccessible chasm on the slopes
of Mount Athos in Greece. It is said pieces of
Brujah's essence were mystically bonded into
its blade and can be tapped into by its
wielder... Likely a two-edged gift, if this bit
of lore is true.

¢ Sybil: Fourth Generation -*Lasombra. In
all likelihood, her +Embrace predates the
birth of Christ and she was taken into the
night by Lasombra himself. She
Marcus +Vitel, the former
»Prince of Washington, D.C.

>sired
>"Ventrue"

¢ Symeon: ->Tzimisce. Brother and ~prog-
eny of Gesu and ~sire of *Vykos. Without
much ado from his sire he became the knife
that eventually cut the bond between
>Antonius and the --Dracon: Michael
himself promised S. to the Gaul, but it was
Gesu who ~*Embraced his mortal brother. S.
was known as his brother's keeper in
»Constantinople. He loved Gesu dearly,
though their relationship was put to the test
time and again over the centuries. Finally, S.
fled the city together with his >childe and
thus survived its fall. He retreated to

ENc¥cLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

155


eae

ee

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRIcA
156

>Transylvania, where he became a victim
of the ~anarchs. Probably, it was his own
childe who committed > Amaranth on him.

¢ Syn, Durga: --Synovea. Fifth Generation
»Ravnos; *857 in Novgorod, #932 ibid. Ru-
mored to have been destroyed in Bangladesh
in 1999. Childe of Rodina. >Autark:
For centuries the Russian peasé the czars
and the Cossacks feared the C
and the creatures. of pean niehe that
roamed the silent forests after dark. But most
of all, they feared the witch called >Baba
Yaga. S. opposed her during her mortal days
as a pagan priestess, and as an undead she
did so with renewed fervor. Even though S.
never felt allegiance to any,-rsect; she sup-
ported the Founders. In 1999, the Ravnos
»elder saw a belated triumph: just before her
own end during the Week of Nightmares, she
witnessed the destruction of the Iron Hag.

¢ Synovea: An alias of Durga >Syn.


* Tajdid: Literally "resurrection." Name
of the *Assamite endeavor to rid the clan
of the Tremere curse.

* Talaq: Member of the Clan of the
Hunt; "first century A.D. (estimated). T.
is the Prince of Jordan and well known
among the Kindred. Lately, rumors have
surfaced about his disappearance.

¢ Tal'mahe'Ra: Only rumors are known
about this ~>sect of -*Kindred, but it seems
to be also known as the ~*Eastern Hand,
*Manus Nigrum, ~Black Hand or >True
Hand. The T. supposedly explored
death, the +Shadowlands and its inhabit-
ants, the wraiths, for many centuries. In
cooperation with mages and even stranger
beings, they have built a huge city in the
tealm of the dead that is supposedly the
legendary Enoch. The T. purports to
have created the Nagaraja bloodline.

With the fall of Enoch, the T. lies in ruins,
and though it had claimed to be respon-
sible for many events in the history of the
Kindred, these claims have come into
doubt, as its disappearance seems to have
caused no disturbance at all in the society
of the Damned.

* Talbot's Chainsaw: Magical artifact of
the >Sabbat. Supposedly, it lends its bearer
protection from bullets, knives and fire and
allows the user to summon hordes of
zombielike creatures.

© Tagiyya: 1. The art of camouflage em-
ployed by the -Assamites. — 2. A term
describing the tradition of secrecy among
the Assamites.

CRS
*Nosferatu; this>Methuselah of
the lan of the Hidden belongs to the
most devout followers of Islam among the
>Kindred. He and his progeny are the
so-called Hajj — the spiritual guardians of
Islam among Kindred. Together with his
brood, he protects the holy places of Mecca
and Medina, a responsibility he has held for
eight centuries. This fact has made him one
of the most influential undead adherents of
Islam, and many would follow a call for as-
sistance, were he to utter it

* Taylor, Helena: Ninth Generation >Clan
of Usurpers; *1917, #1938. Regent and
member of the -primogen of Washington,
D.C. Childe of Jack Welston. ->Sire of
Cohn Roses (1974) and Pieter van Dorn
(1975). One of the most respected >Kin-
dred of Washington. Kept the chantry safe
against heavy attack from the --Sabbat

© Taylor, Leslie: Seventh Generation >To-
reador; *1888, #1927; Prince of
Melbourne. T. ascended rapidly within the
criminal underground of Melbourne at the
beginning of the 20th century. His tendency
to mingle with the city's beautiful people
caught the attention of >Red Meg, who was
looking for an appropriate tool in the battle
against a rival Kindred. Red Meg under-
estimated T., though — after she had -Em-
braced him during a fire fight that would
have cost T.'s life, he diablerized her and

ExcyctopseDia VAMPYRICA
157

=
Dae aed


adapted his lust for power to the world of

the undead. His machinations reached their
pinnacle in 1983, when he murdered the
former Prince of Melbourne and lay claim
to the ~domain himself. T. is a tough and
if necessary even brutal prince, but the Kin-
dred in his city have just enough freedom
to not consider him a tyrant.

* Temple of Lilith: The most important

holy site of the Dark Mother, situated in
the >Black Citadel in Enoch.

© Temporis: Mythical ->Discipline of the
>True Brujah, supposedly allowing them to
control time itself.

* Tepes, Vlad: Fifth Generation >Tzmisce.

>*Childe of Lambach Ruthven. Born in
the 15th century as Vladimir of Hundeoara,
single child of a knight and a female abbot.
T. grew up surrounded by the wealth of the
Wallachian nobility. T. gained his infamous
nickname "the Impaler" during the war
against the Turks because he employed ex-

treme cruelty to demoralize his opponents.

After receiving the Embrace he hindered
the >Camarilla as well as the >Sabbat and
founded the >Inconnu

ENC¥CLOpsepIA VAMpyRICA

158

¢ Teutonic Knights: Also called Teutonic
Order. The youngest religious military or-
der founded in Palestine during the Crue
sades (after the >Templars and the
Knights of St. John) grew out of a commu-
nity of German merchants that maintained
a hospital close to Acre in 1190; turned
into a military order in 1198. First, Acre
was the seat of the Hochmeister, who was
elected for life; after 1291 it was > Venic
after 1309 the Marienburg, and since 14:

it is Konigsberg.

When the T. were called to evangelize
Christianity to the Prussians by Conrad of
Masovia in 1225, who promised them the
Kulmerland in return, Emperor Frederick
II granted territorial rulership rights for this
region to the Hochmeister. The conquest
of Prussia started under Hermann Balk,
beginning at the Weichsel. From 1400 to
1455, the order's territory reached from
Estonia to the New Marches. This was the
largest area the order ever held. In 1410,
the order was defeated by Poland and
Lithuania for the first time, close to
Tannenberg. The dissatisfied German no-
bility and the discontented German cities
were backed up by Poland and fought the


T, from 1454 to 1466. In the Second Peace
of Thorn, the T. gave the Kulmerland, the
Ermland and Pommerellem back to Poland
and had to recognize Polish reign over the
rest of their holdings.
Brandenburg-Ansbach secularized the
order's Prussian territories in 1525 and took
them as hereditary fief from Poland. In
1561, Poland gave Kurland as a fief to
Gotthard Kettler,

Those T. who had remained Catholics got
another job in the wars against the Turks
in the 17th century. In 1809, Napoleon dis-
banded the T. In Austria, Franz I took the
T. under his wing; until 1918, an Austrian
duke was always Hochmeister ("Hoch- und
Deutschmeister"). The Teutonic Lords' Or-
der (as a lay order) was refounded in 1960
(seat: Frankfurt/Main).

¢ Thaumaturgy: Semi-Discipline devel-
oped by the >Tremere, who fused mortal
magic with the powers of undead —vitae.
Similar to*Necromancy, T. is divided into
a number of paths with differing grades of
mastery as well as a number of rituals that
have to be learned independently from the
paths. Rituals have to be prepared in ad-
vance and often require special ingredients
and incantations, while the power of most
paths can be invoked on the spot without
any delay. To actually describe all rituals
known to the Tremere would require more
space than we can devote here. Due to the
high flexibility inherent to the paths, I will
talk about only a few of the more well-
known here. The Path of Blood is one of
the most common among the Tremere.
Most Tremere Kindred learn it soon
ter their >Embrace. It allows the user to
glean information from and even com-
mand blood. The Lure of the Flames al-
lows its users to create flames. Movement
of the Mind grants a limited form of tele-
kinesis. The Path of Summoning can cre-
ate materials and objects out of nothing.
Elemental Mastery allows the user to ac-
tually have limited control of inanimate
objects. The Green Path is devoted to the
manipulation of plant matter, while
Neptune's Might consists of lore about bod-
ies of moving water. The Path of Weather
Control is rumored to be one of the first

Albrecht of

paths to be developed, while-the Path of §
Technomancy is said to be the latest cre-
ation — it grants the user power over tech-
nology. The Path of Thaumaturgical
Countermagic allows its user to cancel any
of the aforementioned effects if he has the
necessary mastery. There are said to be many
other paths, and even a few blasphemous
paths of -*Dark Thaumaturgy, an evil and
corrupted version of T. supposedly taught
by beings native to hell.

T. is one of the most dangerous and com-
plex Disciplines. Therefore, many risks are
involved when trying to learn this highest
of all arts. Only he who is of the strongest
spirit and of the most acute mind may actu-
ally succeed in this endeavor, as it demands
much of its students.

Lately, more and more rumors have sur-
faced about other forms of T. that some
clans and bloodlines are said to be prac-
ticing. Especially the —-Assamites,

»Setites and -*Tzimisce are mentioned in
this regard, but the truth of this matter is
unknown as of now.

¢ Thetmes: +Assamite of unknown gen-
eration; *ca. 30 B.C. +Caliph of >Alamut.
T. began his life as a warrior in service of
the young King Ptolemy, who was at that
time fighting against his sister and her Ro-
man vassals. After Ptolemy had been de-
feated, the barbarian Antonius amused him-

atching the followers of Ptolemy
die in the arena. T. impressed Antonius,
though, and was taken back to Rome as a
gladiator. After having witnessed T.'s fight-
ing prowess, a local cloth-merchant in s
vice of the Assamites bought his freedom
and brought him to Alamut. His career from
thereon was a cometlike rise to power and
influence.

* Theusa, Alexia: Fifth Generation mem-
ber of the extinct >Clan of Cappadocians;
*366 B.C., #308 B.C. T.'s story is one of
tragic love and hope. In her mortal youth,
she fell in love with a slave in Athens and
wanted to commit suicide together with her
lover, Andreas, because it was impossible
for them to realize their love. Her father
prevented this: only Andreas died, and she
was then plagued by visions of him. She

ENC¥CLOpAeDIA VAMPYRICA

Wich ow
ka he co,


x
"

ysis

thinkingr

Binkafere yi a
arefoafreit

Tumet, F would af -
vifew winft gong 4
Great Britain

traveled to the Far East and Egypt, where
she willingly learned what dark arts others
were eager to teach her. When returning
home, she visited Byzantium, where she
was ~*Embraced by the founder of the city
himself, >Byzar. This only caused her to fall
even more in love with Andreas. She forced
all other Kindred of the city into ~tor-
por and from then on served the emperors
of Constantinople as an advisor and
healer. As all of them have been Embraced,
staked and left in her "trophy room," it
should be obvious that T. was quite mad at
that time.

Her fate finally caught up with her, when
the >Giovanni eventually decided to eradi-
cate the Cappadocians.

* Thin-blooded: ->Kindred who are further
from Caine than the 13th Generation. As

»Gehenna looms closer, more of them
show up.

¢ Third Mortal: ~Caine, who was cast out
and became the first Kindred.

¢ Thomas, Astrid: Fifth Generation
Tremere; *1761, #1791. T. was brought
into the clan as a ~ghoul by Nathan
»Mendelssohn at the end of the 18th cen-
tury. He took her to Vienna, where
»Etrius at once took a liking to the smart,
young woman so hungry for knowledge. On
her 30th birthday, he finally Embraced

her. During the Napoleonic occupation of

Vienna, the Tremere had to use all their
power to maintain influence in "their" city
and not lose it to the Clan of the Rose.
By acting through mortal agents, T. was in-
strumental in severely reducing the power
of the Toreador in Europe and especially
in Vienna. During the 19th century, T. tried
to establish better relations with the Torea-
dor by initiating and financing several build-
ing projects in Vienna together with Maria

>y Aragon — these buildings are landmarks
of the Viennese cityscape even in modern
nights, though the alliance has long since
deteriorated. In 1866 T. traveled to >Ber-
lin to enter talks with Gustav

»Breidenstein. The prince interpreted
Ts offer of help as a means of covered oc-
cupation, though, and therefore instigated
a war between Austria and Prussia. He then

Excyctopsepia VAMpyRICA

160

imprisoned T. in ->Frankfurt to use her as
a hostage against Vienna. Only in 1879 was
T. freed in the depths of the Spessart For-
est and able to return to Vienna, after
Etrius succeeded at outmaneuvering
Breidenstein financially and therewith
gaining influence in Frankfurt. To preserve
Vienna from the devastation of -*anarchs
and ~Brujah riots in 1939, Etrius negoti-
ated a truce with Breidenstein. This agree-
ment, which T. could not understand,
alienated her from her sire, though those
differences seem to have faded away in the
modern nights.

¢ Thomas, Vannevar: -Ventrue. This
aristocrat from Virginia was Embraced
during the War of Independence and sent
to the West by his superiors in the

»Camarilla as early as 1849. He soon be-
came prince of a young, growing city
San Francisco. In spite of numerous en-
emies, he managed to hold his ground due
to his extensive knowledge about his ad-
versaries' weaknesses. But being Prince of
San Francisco was never an easy task dur-
ing the 20th century. First came the earth-
quake, then ~anarchs from the south
tried to invade the ~domain time and
again, not to mention the threat of the
eastern undead who arrive on the West
Coast in increasing numbers. T. went
missing at the close of the 20th century
and is presumed dead, succeeded by a
weak prince who, if he even maintains the
illusion of princedom at all, is certainly a
puppet of the Kuei-jin.

¢ Thrace, Oliver: Sixth Generation
>Tremere; *1456, #1496. Former >regent
of the ~chantry of Hong Kong. After
being appointed to this exceedingly dan-
gerous position, T. has gathered significant
fame as a dedicated opponent of the
>Sabbat, the —Setites, the ~Assamites
and all other known enemies of Clan
Tremere. He is said to be an expert on the
behavior and culture of the ~Cathayans,
whom he has often encountered, but he
seems to also have acquaintances among
the ~Giovanni and even darker parties.

¢ Tiamat: > Ventrue; among the Kindred
of her time well known as a great huntress,
an undead of unbelievable strength, and as


evil and possessed by an unholy hunger for
power. She was the incarnation of a mur-
deress who could kill with a stare or a word
and often did so. What motivated her in
diablerizing her ~sire and therewith violat-
ing the Fourth -Tradition is not known,
and why she slaughtered hundreds of thou-
sands of mortals is the basis of many a ru-
mor. Two of those are widely spread enough
to warrant mentioning them here: some
she has fallen victim to the >Beast and acts
out all its urges, while others claim that she
has allied with a demon, which would e»
plain her strength and power. Whatever the
reason may be, I sincerely hope that we will
never again have to ponder this question,
as she has not been seen for a long time.
Although no reports of her destruction ex-
ist, it must have come to her inevitably, as
such a horrible monster could never thrive
under the Masquerade.

¢ Time of Thin Blood: End times that are
predicted in the -*Book of Nod. The T.
could probably be synonymous with or an
indicator for +Gehenna. A new era that
dawned recently when the blood of

»*Caine ran so thin in the veins of the
youngest of his -*progeny that they are
considerably weaker than previous genera-
tions of Kindred. The Curse of Caine
has reached an age high enough to finally
weaken the blood's intensity. The elders'
blood — passed on from —sire to ~childe
for generations — is no longer as potent
as it once was. Too many childer are >Em-
braced in the Final Nights, and for these
illegitimate Kindred of 14th or 15th Gen-
eration (the so-called >thin-blooded), a
time of reckoning is at hand. Their fate
may truly be a harbinger of the world's end,
if the Book of Nod is to be believed. In my
opinion, the T. is just another sign for the
impending Gehenna. Probably it has al-
ready begun with the Week of Night-
mares among the ~Ravnos. See
~>Gehenna Cults.

¢ Tinbergen, Corrie: Seventh Generation
>Brujah; *1836, #1860. Prince of Lux-
embourg. T. was little more than a >fledg-
ling when she claimed her ~domain. For
a European prince, T. is therefore aston-
ishingly young. Her fresh and open man-
ner is a reflection of the way Kindred in

her domain behave, further evidence for the
fact that Luxembourg is not merely a do-
main, but rather a state of mind. This is
probably the only explanation why a do-
main can contain that many different Kin-
dred and still remain peaceful.

¢ Tinia: ->Ventrue. As she arrived with the
Etruscans, she supposedly is one of the first
members of the -»Clan of Kingship ever to
set foot on the soil that is called Italy to-
night. This female Methuselah assisted in
founding Rome but disappeared in the
centuries prior to *Camilla's ascension to
power. Reports about her destruction in
Asia Minor have surfaced, but nothing is
known for certain about her fate.

* Tongue of Jarthis the Slayer: This mys-
tic artifact was crafted from the tongue of a

»Giovanni slaver. Jarthis, who was de-
stroyed in the mid-19th century, was infa-
mous for his glib tongue, a character trait
that seems to have annoyed the

>Nosferatu, for it is said that they retained
the services of Assamites to eliminate
him. If a person takes this leathery strip of
meat into his mouth, he can tell lies with-
out being discovered. If he holds it to his
ear, the tongue functions almost like a lie
detector — its owner can discern if a given
statement is a lie.

Toreador: 1. The Clan of the Rose is
without equal in regard to its interest in the
cultural development of mortals. Despised
by many as decadent and degenerate hedo-
nists or dream-lost artists, the members still
have an important role to play in history.
Because of their influence in the world of
mortals, they would have the potential to
be one of the most powerful clans, but in-
ternal rivalries that have lasted decades,
centuries or even millennia still taint the
political and social interaction of even the
lowliest -*neonate with other members of
his clan. Many among the clan were artists,
musicians, actors and poets while they still
drew breath, but many more have spent
many frustrating centuries striving to gain
(or regain in some cases) that spark of di-
vine creativity that allows one to produce a
piece of inspired art. — 2. The founder of
the Clan of the Rose supposedly went by
this pseudonym, though she is as frequently

Excycropsepia VAMPYRICA

161

urbough

Eine things ALWAYS

same ight

1s oF NO KNPORTA!

his pght

called

-rimes ape ChANSING,
stay t
poght, ANd TT
oe whether
<TpAdrTIONs,


. —— 1

ascribed the name Arikel. According to leg-
ends, she was a great sculptress, although
some sources seem to indicate that she was
the best dancer of her time. Zillah is ru-
mored to have been her ~sire, and T. would
therefore be a sister to Nosferatu. Al-
though there are many rivalries between the
Nosferatu and the Toreador, some rumors
persist that T, felt some kind of pity (or even
love) for her disfigured brother.

© Torpor: T. is the deathlike slumber so
widespread among the ~Kindred (espe-
cially among the ancient of our kind). It
can be entered voluntarily but also sets in
automatically if our bodies are devoid of

>vitae. T. can end after only a brief period,
but it can also last for millennia. After that
period of rest, the ~Cainite is sure to
awaken very, very hungry.

© Traditions: All >Kindred residing in a
>domain claimed by a prince have to
accept some part of the responsibilities to
ensure stability and security. This stability
can be guaranteed only if the Kindred of

the city act in accordance with a set of an-
cient customs. Those customs hide behind
the small and easily underestimated term
"the six T." Although some claim that
these rules were just meant as guidelines,
it is the princes' duty to enforce them with
strict devotion. In some domains the Kin-
dred of the Camarilla even have to take
an oath that they will uphold these most
important customs, which supposedly were
passed on by Caine himself. Wherever a
Kindred may go, he can always be certain
that the T. will be upheld in all cities of
the Camarilla. They might be interpreted
differently and the enforcement varies
widely, but the basis exists everywhere. The
six T. have been held as sacrosanct since
the wars that destroyed the Second Gen-
eration. Although they were only seldom
found in any written form, they have sur-
vived the centuries as an oral tradition —
even the ~*Cainites who despise them are
well aware of them. The exact words may
differ, but the meaning behind them is al-
ways clear.

THE FIRST TRADITION: THE MASQUERADE

Thou shalt not reveal thy true nature to those not of the Blood. Doing so shall re-
nounce thy claims of Blood.

THE SECOND TRADITION: THE DOMAIN

Thy domain is thy concern. All others owe thee respect while in it. None may chal-
lenge thy word in thy domain.

THE THIRD TRADITION: THE DROGENY

Thou shalt sire another only with permission of thine elder. If thou createst another
without thine elder's leave, both thou and thy progeny shalt be slain.

THE FOURTH TRADITION: THE ACCORDING

Those thou create are thine own childer. Until thy progeny shall be released, thou
shalt command them in all things. Their sins are thine to endure.

THE FIFTH TRADITION: HOSPITALITY

Honor one another's domain. When thou comest to a foreign city, thou shalt
present thyself to the one who ruleth there. Without the word of acceptance, thou
art nothing.

THE SIXTH TRADITION: DESTRUCTION

Thou art forbidden to destroy another of thy kind. The right of destruction
belongeth only to thine elder. Only the eldest among thee shall call the blood hunt.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

162


mane, on Tan
te Dam

= .
eae ee NEF

THE TRADITION OF THB MASQUERADE

This has become the foundation of modern Kindred society and the basis for the f:
Masquerade that hides vampires from maftal eyes. To reveal vampires to the mortal |
world would be disastrous to both. While most people do not belieye'in vampires, f
there are enough who do so that revealing vampiric existence would place all Kin-
dred at risk. In older nights, during the Dark Ages and more superstitious times, this
. tradition was less strictly enforced} and vampires rode through the night with few
¢ares for the mortal eyes who sawithem. The Inquisition and Burning Times changed
this drastically, however, as thése vampires who could be seen werelslain and tor
: fured into tévealing their secrets. While the youth may prattle about the Inquisi-
Nn tion as ancient history, it is still very fresh in the minds of the elders who survived it.
This is one of the greatest points of contention between the Camarilla and the
. Sabbat — the Sabbat sees no need to hide itself from the feeble kine, while the
: ‘Camarilla takes the opposite stance

=

A breach of the Masquefade is the most serious erime a vampire ean commit, and one
of the easiest for a prince to fabricate if she wishes to punish an€nemy. Depending on
how strictly the prince upholds the Masquérade, anything from using vampiric powers
in public to having mortal friends may Constitute a breach.

es To stave off their immortal boredom/many vampires skirt the Masqueradelas closely
as they can, taking thrill from the forbidden rush that plaéés their unlivesin jeopardy.

The world has acknowledged manly artist§, poets, Avriters,-musi¢iansemodels, club a
habitués, actors and fashion designers who, unbéknownst to the populace, were vam- A
Pires. Of course, many of these Yampixes saw their unlives come to"abrapt ends, as 4
other Kindred decided that their continued.existenée was a shreats tothe Children of 4
Caine as a whole. 4
~ The Masquerade is a dangefons balanee; ironically etiough, thé elders who support it 1

most strongly are sometimes she ones wKo threaten it (albeit indireetly and without
their recognition). An apoetyphal story tells of a paif of vampire-hunters =a mew
recruit and her patron —on vigil in anightclub. Th@ patron said to his charge; "There
: is a vampire in this establishment. Find him," heréupon/the charge immediately
selected the thin, pale gentleman in 18th-centiitry velvet*and brocade. Sure enough,
that was the vampire — a Ventrue envoy ffm a neighboring city

THE TRADI@ION OF DOMAIN 4

Once, vampires staked claims t@ispecific areas to use as hunting grounds, bases of
ie 2 power, or because they wished 'to.také'Cateefthem. This tradition was then ised to.
enforce the idea of "domain," and a vampire-could*besfiistified in killing another
because her domain was violated. Over the years, as Societies ‘Changed, this became
unacceptable. For the past 200 or so years, a city or region ruled by a-prince became
the domain of the prince upon his taking the throne, or at least in theory. THestruth
is, a number of vampires maintain domains, many times from the sheer weight of
custom ("The sewers have always been the domain of the Nosferatu," or "A Ventrue
has ruled this bank since its founding"). Of course, in modern nights, with some
cities hosting vampire populations of 30, 50, even 100 or more, concession§ must be
made. As such, many vampires hunt where they will, in the communal hunting
grounds of the city's bars, theaters and nightclubs, which are known colléetively as
"the Rack" in Kindred slang.

Younger vampires, and a number of glder ones, often still attempt to hold bits of
territory, protecting and using then#las private feeding grounds. Some afarehs claim
that these mini-fiefdomseaté grafted by the prince as reward, proof that only the

ExcycLopaeDia VAMPYRICA Rae pea

163


lapdogs get the treats. This is incorrect — the Kindred who hold their bits of turf are
violating the Second Tradition, and the prince need not stand for it. He often lets
violations go, however, in the name of expediency; there are more important con-
cerns than chasing after every petty would-be anarch who stakes out turf. He may
entrust certain trusted allies with guardianship of particular areas and grant them a
few privileges for the burden of the job, but in the end, he holds domain over the city.
This allows him to keep order, for he may, by the Second Tradition, punish interlopers
with impunity.

For solitary vampires or small groups staking out their territory, domain' holds im-
mense value to them, even if the territory is an urban wasteland. Few princes actually
grant territory, but they occasionally allow "squatters," provided the vampires there
support them and uphold the law there. The downside to this is the turf battles that
can arise between gangs of anarchs or.coteries. These can spill over into the mortal
world and threaten the Masquerade. Some princes have gone so far as to encourage
such conflict, regardless of the danger, in order to set the troublemakers at each other's
throat and distract them from the business of the city

If nothing else, each Kindred may elaim her haven as domain, making her responsible
for the activity in and around the'area. Some vampires take an active interest in their
environment to ensure a seéure haven, while others merely want a room where they
can get away from the sun and to hell with the rest.

The question of what exactly constitutes domain is debated nightly. Does domain
mean the physical territory and its concerns (such a$ hunting and haven), or does a
domain also grant a vampire access to and influence over the mortal spheres within?
Most princes argue that domain is strictly an issue of physical "turf," but wisely realize
that influence over mortal affairs comes with the territory, no matter how they might
attempt to curb it otherwise, A vampire who keeps up domain at the docks cannot
help but become involved in the nightly mortal business of shipping and unions, if for
no other reasof than to keep her haven secure (after all, a labor strike could be very
inconvenient, particularly if her bolthole#Sion,the.othér side of the picket line). Very
few vampires stake a domain-encompassing mortals they cannot affect in some way,
which can be a help or a headache to theirprinces. A prince does, however, become
inclined to step in when a particular yampire's power within and stemming from her
domain threatens to eclipse his own.

As the nights progress and omens of Gehennaspetmeate Kindred society, more and
more vampires fortify individual domains, holing themselves away in spite of princely
prohibition. Only in this manner, these paranoid creatures reason, do they have a
chance of surviving the Jyhad.

THE TRADITION OF DROGENY

Most princes insist that they are the "elder" of this tradition's wording and, as such,
require that any vampire wishing to create a childe obtain their permission before
the creation. Most vampires obey more out of fear than respect; after all, the unlife
of a childe is;anrisk. Ifa childe has already been created without permission, the
prince may claim the childe to be of his brood, declare sire and childe outcast and
throw them out of the city, or have'both slain outright. At the prince's discretion,
childer who are created and abandoned without being taught of their existence may
be "adopted" by other vampires, who accept full responsibility no differently than if
they had created the childer themselves. The Camarilla recognizes the prince's right
to Testrict creation, out of concern for overpopulation. Indeed, such is the Camarilla's
concern for the increasingly strained vampiric population that, at a recent con-
clave, its leaders resurrected the institution of the scourge. Scourges patrol princely

EnxcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

164


CASH

domains, finding Kindred created without permission and either expelling or de-
stroying them.

In the Old World, this tradition has several corollaries. The would-be sire's sire must
be consulted, as must the prince who holds domain over the sire's haven (if there is
one), European Kindred are noted for their complete lack of tolerance for those who
transgress against this tradition. Failure to gain the permission of any of these undead
can result in the outright slaying of the childe, and possibly the sire as well. Disregard
and lack of respect may be appropriate for A merican rabble, but they certainly do not

belong in the Old World.
THE TRADITION OF ACCOUNTING

Ifa vampire creates a childe, she is responsible for that childe, no differently than.a
mortal parénc is for her child. If the childe cannot handle the burdens of vampirism,
the sire must take care of the matter one way or another. If the childe threatens the
Masquerade, either through ignorance or malice, the sire must prevent it. The sire
must ensure thatthe childe is taught the Traditions and the ensuing responsibilities,
and see to it that the childe will not constitute a threat to herself or the Masquerade
upon her release. The site is also responsible for protecting the childe. A prince is
under no obligation to recognize a childe, and other vampires may kill or feed from a
childe with impunity,

Before siring, a wise vampire considets the maturity of the childe-to-be. Will she be
able tovendure the changes to her bodyjand soul? Will she understand what is being
asked of her when the Traditions are recited? No site' wishes to be responsible for a
childé forever (although a long childehood is not unknown), but releasing a childe
before she is ready courts destruction:

Releasing a childe typically involves the sire introducing the childe td'the prince
who holds domain where the sire and childe live. The childe may be asked to recite
the Traditions or provide other proof that she has been taught and understands them
If the prince, for whatever reasons, does not accept a childe, then the childe must
find a new city. On oceasion, a sire must also introduce the childe to his own sire, but
this is not, always required.

After release, the childe (now a neonate) is permitted to live in the city with full
rights:asaccorded by the prince's law and the Traditions. The release is considered a
Major ritéof passage, much like a coming of age for mortals, for the neonate is respon-
sible for his.own actions. He will be watched carefully in the coming months; his
actions determine whether he will be considered an "adult" and treated as one

THE TRADITION OF HOSPITALITY

Some call this the Tradition of "politeness": knock before entering. This was done
even before princes ruled cities, and continues to be done even if there is only one
other Kindred in a domain. Simply put, a vampire traveling to a new city should
present herself to the prince or other elder in charge in that city. This process can be
frightfully formal, with a prince demanding some form of surety regarding the
newcomer's status, politics and lineage, or as casual as meeting at Elysium and intro-
ducing oneself politely. Some princes require guests to announce theirarrivals imme-
diately, while others accept presentations weekly or within the lunar month. Certain
very liberal princes even permit visitors to come and go unannounced as they please,
requiring that a guest present herself only if she wishes to take up permanent resi-
dence in a city.

ENc¥cLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

165


Those who choose not to present themselves take dangerous chances. If a city is cur-
rently facing Jyhad, a newcomer risks being mistaken for an enemy. A prince may
invoke the Second Tradition to punish an unintroduced vampire with impunity. By
the Fifth Tradition, a prince's right to question all who enter her domain is unchal-
lenged, even if her power to expel may be thwarted occasionally. A prince also has the
tight to refuse entry to any who enter, particularly in the case of newcomers whose poor
reputations precede them or who bring cumbersome baggage in the form of blood hunts,
enemies or other potential threats to the city and Masquerade.

Such individual denials have become quite common in the modern nights,

grow paranoid and xenophobic in light of looming Gehenna. Some princes, when
presented with a group of Kindred visitors, permit entry to certain members of the
coterie while denying it to others, reasoning that if the group is on some sort of sinister
errand, its potential to harm will be lessened by dividing its numbers. Certain notori-
ous Kindred may also find themselves unwelcome in some cities, while their compan-
ions are welcomed without reservation.

Not every vampire chooses to present herself. Vampires such as Inconnu, Methuselahs
and even some elders refuse on the grounds that they do not acknowledge the princ
tight and power over them, even if they are in her domain. Vampires of independent
clans (such as the Raynos or Giovanni) may prefer not to have a prince's eye scrutiniz-
ing them. Autarkis and anarchs simply sneer at the prince; they aren't part of the party,
so why should they bother knocking? And vampires who were made, then abandoned
—an increasingly common phenomenon — may be unaware of the necessity.

THE TRADITION OF DESTRUCTION

The Tradition of Destruction is perhaps the most easily abused and hotly contested
aspect of Caine's code. Few other laws have caused so much controversy in the halls of
power, and this tradition is forever under reinterpretation.

Most believe that the original meaning gave a sire right of destruction over his progeny
(which is upheld by Kindred law). However, if "elder" is interpreted to mean "prince,"
the tradition covers its modern meaning, and one too many princes claim gladly: only
the prince may call for the destruction of another Kindred in the city. The Camarilla
has upheld this claim for the extra security it provides a prince's reign. It is a right many
princes cling to, and they enforce it with brutal strength if need be.

Murder of another Kindred by one who is not granted the Right of Destruction is not
tolerated. If the vampire is caught in the act, it usually means the destruction of the
murderer herself. Investigation of such murder is usually swift and thorough, although
the status of the victim does have some impact on this. Generally, the higher the rank
of the victim, the swifter and more thorough the investigation. While the murder of
two neonates may cause consternation in a community, it might take the death of an
elder before the wheels turn in a more timely fashion. Some ancillae have taken this to
mean that anarchs may be slaughtered with impunity. This is dangerous to assume; if
nothing else, the prince may order the murderer slain for attempting to usurp her Tra-
dition-given right.

Turmoil in the streets is considered by many to be one of the best covers for kinslaying,
but the punishment for getting caught is still severe. The only time when a vampire
ranked lower than an elder might receive sanctioning to kill another is during a blood
hunt.

ENcycLopaepiA VAMpYRICA

166


One of the classic rituals of the Camarilla
is the education of the ~childe by her
sire, and during this phase all Camarilla

*fledglings hear about the T. and often
learn them by heart. Only then will they
be recognized by the prince as free >neo-
nates. Some princes arrange for great fes-
tivities during which childer are formally
accepted into Kindred society, while oth-
ets do not even care to witness this act and
trust the sire's judgment. Some of the most
avid defenders of the Camarilla and the T.
insist that young undead only become full
Kindred after hearing the T. from their sire.
As you might have noticed, the T. are a
very serious and important matter, espe-
cially as a sire is always held responsible
for the actions of his childe, as long as his
childe is not fully aware of the T. and has
not taken an oath to uphold this code.
Some Kindred believe that Caine himself
designed the T. after creating his childer.
These undead often claim that these rules
are the wishes of their progenitor, and
therefore all modern Kindred should act
inaccordance with them. Others claim the
~Antediluvians created the T. to keep
their childer under control, while some say
that their basis is merely common sense
that has survived the centuries. The Tra-
dition of the Masquerade, for example,
has existed since the founding of the First
City, but it has changed as a reaction to
the >Inquisition.

A number of young Kindred in the New
World consider the T. to be nothing more
than a set of tools the elders employ to keep
Kindred society under their sway, not to
mention that the T. are very much out-
dated. The times for a Masquerade are long

past and gone. ~+Gehenna, the
Antediluvians and Caine are all fairy tales,
containing as much truth as the Great
Flood or the Tower of Babel, spread only
to keep the young ones in line. According
to these young Cainites, the time has come
to drop the T. and to start dealing with the
present. Many of the young Cainites
within the -Sabbat accept this philoso-
phy wholeheartedly, and they are the ba-
sis for the constant attacks on the old
power structure — the older members of

the sect know better than to disregard all \
the ideas of the T.

Most of the elders consider the neonates and

»ancillae to be temperamental children
who want to know everything but lack the
wisdom or experience of advanced age.
Many of those who rebel against the T. are

»anarchs and neonates, lacking power and
a voice in Kindred society. Therefore, it is
not surprising that they act in savage and
brutal ways, seeing violence as the only
means open to them to express their incon-
venience. But not all elders are that under-
standing or forgiving. Many of them fear the
night when the dreams of the young anarchs
will come true and angry mobs of kine
start burning havens and Kindred alike.
Natural selection will take care of some of
the neonates, but once in a while a prince
runs out of patience.

On this and the following pages you will
find the most widely spread versions of the
six T. Although these words are often used
by elders during formal festivities, they
might vary depending on the age, clan and
generation of the Kindred in question. Dur-
ing the presentation of a childe, it can be
required to recite the T. by heart, to prove
that the sire has taught them to his childe.

¢ Trajan: Nosferatu. Fifth Generation
>Methuselah of the Clan of the Hidden.
Tried to establish his own realm beneath
the ancient city of +Rome, but his dreams
were shattered by the local Ventrue.
Much of the information that led to his
downfall originated with the >Malkavian
Antoine >Le Fanu, who still went by the
name of Pollius Felix Maximus during his
sojourn in Rome. This caused T. and
Antoine Le Fanu to become bitter rivals.
Only during the Middle Ages did this an-
cient Kindred arise again. He had realized
that his plans had failed because he had
lacked information on his enemies. Subse-
quently, he wove an intricate net of spies,
informants and contacts, which he called
"the Net." He followed the activities of the
Malkavian to New England and seems to
have gained powerful allies there as well.
The old Net has been connected to
~SchreckNet and is one of the most im-

Encyciopsepia VAMpYRICA

167


ae

oe

E
ae

&

ans

|

CAD

TIMELINE: TRANSYLVANIA
Emperor Aurelian withdraws his troops from Dacia.

Magyar tribes conquer the Carpathian'Basin. The gyula's tribe occupies the
area that will later on become T. Soon afterward the territory becomes part of
a system Of treaties to defend against threats from the east. The Pechenegs are
the most immediate threat.

997-1038: Istvan I rules as the King of Hungary. Transylvania is reeognized as a part of

1141:

1223:
1225:

1241:

Hungary. With'the support of the Roman'Gatholic Churchy he helps spread
Western feudalism and imposes Christianity on the inhabitants of Hungary.

Geza II encourages Saxons to colonize Transylvania. The term "Saxon" is a
generic name for German settlers, including people from Flanders, Luxem-
bourgrand the Mosélle region. Their first colonies are in the Sibiu basin, Olt
and,Hirtablu valley. Later on, they will colonize Bisttia.

Apad Ventrue create the Council of Ashes and formally recognize seven
domains wichiseven princes at the head of them. The Kingdom of Hungary
grants Saxon peasants hereditary titles in exchange for financial. obligations.
In many areas, the)political leader of a village is given the title of count.and
receives a larger plotiof land. The Szeklers, an ethnically mixed Turkic race,
fight in the vanguard of the Hungarian _ armies entering Transylvania. Later,
they become the nobility in. thé feudal system of eastern Hungary.

Nova ‘Arpadiis captured. Ruxandra of the Clan of thé Hidden takes her place.
Nova Arpad is freed by an opportunistic coterie and reinstated. in her office.

*Teutonic Knights are brought by Andteas II to defend the southérn borders
of Hungary‘from the Cumans. They help expand thie Christian féudal!system
and contihué to spread into Transylvania.

Mongols invade Russia‘and begin their forays into eastern Europe.

Teutonic Knights are expelled from the Transylvanian region when they
attempt to establish a state within a state.

Mongols invade Transylvania using the Tihuta Pass as their primary route.
Hungary regains control of these territories within a year, but by this time King
Belo 1V loses control over much of the land.

1247-91: Szeklers repopulate the area around Mediasch.

1284-85: Mongols try to invade Transylvania again.

1288:

Transylvanian nobles form their own legislative body (or diet) in C "luj-Napoea.
Note that, before this time, most Transylvanian justi¢e had been*maintained
by the "wise elders" of the villages. Many serfs and peasants continue to think
their ownlaws are more valid than.the rulings of the diet.

By this time the formation of guilds has a strong effect on the Transylvanian
economy. Guilds allow merchants to set consistent prices, communicate trade
secrets-and raise quality standards. Money, another gradual development, be
Comes ‘a'tore Common substitute for barter.

After'the formation of the diet of Transylvanian nobles, feudal lords demand
increased crop yields from the local serfs. When these quotas are not mer,
many Szekler lords seize the debtors' lands and redistribute them. Some im
poverished serfs either flee the country or become outlaws:

Encyctopepia VAMpyRICA

168


CAS

Ata meeting in Alba Julia, Andreas III allows Vlachs to attend. Hungarian
nobles, Saxons and Szeklers are also present. Many peasants
consider this promising.

Landowning boyats beginto'rent their land'to peasants. With King Charles
Robert's approval, Toma Szecheny, ruler for 20 years, extends his jurisdiction
to include all of Transylvania. Voivode Szecheny convenes and presides over
a Transylvanian assembly, ruling like a sovereign. This era established true
dynasties of voivodates.

1301; "Andrewall, the'last king of the Arpad line, dies.

1330: Prince Bassarab defeats the Hungarians and establishes Wallachia. It becomes
a land of refuge for the Vlachs.

1348-49: Plague sweeps through Transylvania and the Hungarian Kingdom.

1349: Bogdan establishes a new state along the/Moldava River. Withina decadeyit
becomes the sovereign state of Moldavia. The princes of the nation are meant
to beelectéd by a council of boyars and clergy. Fierce struggles for such
positions eventually make the aréalyulnerable to invasion.

The eastern Lord Ventre vainly try to'set up a number of Saxon princes as
part ofa second council. Many are killed. Some are diablerized. All are abused:
Noriz, the Corruptor of Legions' childer, use the political struggle in Moldavia
aS an opportunity to maneuver for position in theit Reclamationist struggles.

1382: _Voivode Ladislaus of Transylvania joins a coalition against. Hungary.
1385: ~ Tirgoyisté becomes the capital of Wallachia

1387: "Turks conquérSerbs at the Battle of Kossovo. This is a major turning point in
the Ottoman Empire's invasion of the Balkans.

1391: "he Turks cross the Danube into Wallachia. Mircea the Old allies with the
King of Hungary to repel the invasion.

1401-37: The Gsaks Dynasty holds power in Transylvania.

1417: Mircea signs a peace treaty with the Turks allowing for Wallachian indepen-
dence. Eastern orthodoxy is formally accepted as the state religion. The rulers
must pay a tribute of money and goods each year to the Ottoman Sultan.

1418: Mircea the Old, grandfather of Vlad Tepes, dies after a 32-year rule. He is
historically noted for having added the duchies of Amlas and Faragas, build
ing up fortifications along the Carpathian foothills, and calling for the
construction of the fortress of Guigiu on the Danube border to repel the

Turks.

Two noble lines sertiggle for control of Wallachia. The Danésti line — thatis,
the descendents of Dan I! — has the support of Sigismund, Emperor of the
Holy Roman Empire..The Draculesti line — thats, the descendents of Vlad
I] — is its fiercest rival. Vlad II has two legitimate sons, Radu and Vlad (who
will later be known. as' Vlad the Impaler).

Ottoman Turks successfully attack Transylvania.

Vlad I is living in Nuremberg: The Hungarian king chooses him to take the
throne of Wallachia. He is summarily "elected" by the Danesti boyars (with
the covert help of the traditionalist Tzimisce) and invested as a Draconist in
the Order of the Dragon.

ENcyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

169


\
s
\

\

Dud she Saves
Biases

Annal Nagy leads a major peasant revolt in the Balbona. These revolts lead to
the formation of the Union of Three Nations. Magyars, Szeklers and Saxons
then crush the rebellion with onejswift stroke. The union declares that these
three races are the only,ones with recognizable privileges. After these rebel
lions, overlords demand serfs to work one day.a week for their feudal lord
without compensation. At harvest time, the serfs are forced into six days of
uncompensated labor a week. Romanians are barred from holding publie ser
vice, public office or living:in Saxon or Magyar towns:

During the. power struggles in Hungatyjirebellions/break out in Transylyania.

Janos Hunyadi assumes the title of Voivode of Transylvania. He then goes to
defeat the Turks at Alba Iulia and Hermanstadt.

A Turkish assault against Transylvania is repelled. Two armies one
conseripted.from the lower classes and one led by Vlad'Dracul — defeat the
Turkssoundly near lalomita:

An army of knights from various European countries is defeated at Varna,
Vlad the Dragon blames Hunyadij/national hero of Hungary, for this failure.

Wallachians led by Hunyadi win major victories. Janos Hunyadi overcomes
the opposition of the Hungarian nobilityand is chosen as "governor of Hun
gary." He is considered the "true ruler of the Hungarian kingdom."

The alliance between the three Romanian countries — Transylvania,
Wallachia and‘Moldavia — grows stronger!

Bogdan Il, Prince of Moldavia, considers HunyAdi/a "father and pledges
fealty of all his armies. Furthermore, he statesthat Moldavia and Transylvania
are one, consolidating the anti-Ottoman front.

Vlad Dracula, a member of the Basarab dynasty, occtipies Tirgoviste and occu
pies the throne of Wallachia?

While Moldavia becoines part of the Ottoman Empire, Transylvania remains
part of Hungary.

The Transylvanian voivodes lead a full-scale rebellion against King Matthias
Corvinus (Hunyadi's son). Saxons and Szeklers unite with them. They work
to reunite Hungary and Transylvania and advance Voivode Janos Szentzgyorgi
to the throne as king.

Vlad the Dragon considers Transylvania and Moldavia a common country.
He dies the same year. By the end of the century, Bathory states that he is king
and Vivode of Transylvania. The Prince of Moldavia, Steven the Great, leads
Szeklers against: the Turks at Vaslui and wins. Saxons consider him "sent by
God to rule and protect Transylvania:" A treatybetween Steven the Great
and Matthias Corvinus reestablishes trade with Htingary.

An antifeudal uprising spreads like wildfire across the voivodate. The fesult-
ing oppression will hinder the Magyar's effort to raise peasant troops in 1526.

Hungary defeated by the Ottoman Empire. Transylvania gains independence
and maintains it for 40 years.

Transylvania falls indet Turkish rulesThe Ottoman Sultan decrees thaall
Transylvanian princes must be approved by him after appointment by the diet.

The territory of Hungary is:divided into three portions. Transylvania'gains
autonomy under Turkish suzerainty.

ENcycLopaepia VAMpyRICA

170


1944:

1945:

1947:

Early 1800s: The Ortomans and Russia suppress insurrections in Wallachia, Moldavia

atid Transylvania.

1854-56; Crimean War. Czar Nicholas lsinsists on protecting Christian shrines in

Jerusalem and the Ottoman Empire. Russia occupies the Balkans but is driven
out by an alliance led by the Ottoman Empire. Wallachia and Moldavia
become indépendent principalities.

Wallachiaand Moldavia unite undera single prince, forming a de facto state
called Romania.

Romania receives international recognition as a sovereign nation under the
Treaty of Berlin.

Vlad Tepes of Clan Tzimisce attempts to rejoin the Camarilla and purchase
several estates in London.

Blood hunt declared:against Vlad Tepes, who flees back to Transylvania‘

Bram Stoker publishes Dracula, romanticizing Transylyaniaand vampires for
Western readers.

The Great War begins with Archduke Ferdinand's assassination in Sarajevo.

The Great War ends. Romania's territory doubleswith the addition of
Transylvania, Bukovina-and Bessarabia.-Although this satisfies several
nationalist movements, newly incorporated minorities become dissatisfied
withthe goverment in the decades that follow.

1918230:The boundaries of Hungary are radically redefined: Romania amongst oth

éts gains further territory:

Elder Tzimisce retreat to secluded havens, leaving devastated eastern Europe
to the Sabbat, made.up of mostly younger Tzimisce anda few other antitribu
clans.

In the wake of a worldwide economic depression, a fascist movement similar
to the ones.in Germany and Italy surfaces:

World War II begins with Germany's invasion of Poland.

Romania allies with Nazi Germany. Half a million German soldiers occupy
the country. Germany attempts to invade the Soviet Union and retake
Bessarabia. The results are disastrous; over 350,000 Romanian soldiers die.
Ventrue and Tremere allies use the German occupying forces in,an attempt
to oust the Tzimisce from their native soil. Strange incidents plague the would-
be conquerors, as the land itself seems to fight the invading Kindred.

Soviet troops overrun Romania. King Michael of Romania declares. an
alliance with the-Soviet Union against Germany.

The Soviet occupation force:éstablishes a pro-Soviet provisional govern
ment in Hungary and is aided by local Communists in doing so. Transylvania
is returned to Hungary, while Bessarabia remains in Soviet hands.

1945-49: The Sabbat Tzimisce reassert their dominance over eastern Europe, driving

out the remnants of German and Austrian Camarilla Kindred from Romania
and other areas. Some Tremere remain, though, by retreating into seclusion.

King Michael of Romania forced to abdicate.

Encycropsepia VAMPYRICA

171

et10Nn OF one's
cof OF-
be rputh

‘The destRu
sipe 1s the SPAves
Fenses.
of ths matter
ep STAY BURIED
; pote peFeppee 7 AS

DQ: not tet pa self be
agiieh the Kot
DOrujah actually exist, as
Gell a5 the occasiona
lubei and af wf of
ippadocians, P fad the
honor o meeting a vill
SO them in Achaia
once. naa Gere
completely Sifferent from
Ghat Be habe cometo
oe feom the "Cat
fan, site Hey lacked
any sig a Giolent
femper. the conteary,
pou could habe almost
calles them emotionless
and steadfastly logical


ta ee

During the national elections in March, the Russian Communists dominate.
The country adopts a Soviet-style constitution and is proclaimed the Roma-
nian People's Republic. Brujah antitribu seize several key archbishoprics in
Romania.

1957: During the Third Sabbat CivilWar, which spreads from the Americas to
Europe, the Brujah antitribu in Romania clash in bloody Battles with the local

Tzimisce.

1960s: Gheorge Georghius-Dej and his eventual, successor, Nicolae \Ceaucescu, imple-
ment foreign politics independent of the Soviet Union: The Communist Party
of Romania forces the growth of heavy industry, transforming Romania from

an agrarian to an urban society.

Ceaucescu attempts to modernize the Romanian economy by inivesting huge
loans from Western crédit institutions. Many of his projects fail, forcing a
rigorous "austerity program" to pay off the nation's debt. The standard of
living planges. A secret police terrorizes the populace. Ceaucescu's family
Squanders the nation's wealth on public monuments and urbanization schemes.
The Council of National Salvation Front takes over, calling for a transition
toa free-market economy. Romanian Kindred, regardless of clan or sect, unite
to expel Russian Kindred from their midst. Those who do not leave are
destroyed or go'into hiding:

1991: The National Salvation Front becomes the Democrati¢ National Salvation

Front. Romania‘drafts a new constitution.

1994: Hungarians vote the Socialist Party back into power. Kindred refugees from

Romania find havens in. Hungary.

1996: Kindred from Western Europe take advantage of reestablished relations with

eastern Europe and resume trayel/to former Iron Curtain countries.

portant sources of information to the Clan

0 * Treaty of Enoch: According to rumors
of the Hidden.

attributed to the now defunct

>Tal'mahe'Ra, the T. was a compact that
decreed the reunification of the sect's East-
ern and Western branches. Furthermore,
it demanded for the first time the election
of a~*Del'Roh by its oldest and most pow-
erful members. With this treaty the >Black
Hand promised to support the Tal'mahe'Ra
in reclaiming -*Enoch from the wraiths
who occupied the city at the time. The
Western members agreed provided that
they would be acknowledged as fellow oc-
cupants and leaders of Enoch.

¢ Transylvania: An agrarian and forestry-
based state in northwestern Romania, bor-
dered by the Carpathians in the east and
south. 38,500 sqm. Population 3.5 million.
Capital: Klausenburg.

Treaty of Durham: A pact agreed upon
in 1693 that cannot be found in any mortal
history books but constitutes a turning point

for the >Kindred of the British Isles. The

»Toreador were down and out at that time,
and in return for guarantees of nonaggres-
sion from the + Ventrue with regard to their
last bastion, Edinburgh, they promised to
never attempt to seize power in London and
tonever conspire with the Tremere or sup-

* Treaty of Tyre: Agreement between the
»Assamites and the ~Camarilla, signed
in 1496. Its most important tenet was the

port them in any way. The T. turned the
London Toreador into hostages to ensure
its validity, while a small group of Edinburgh
Ventrue suffered the same fate.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

172

ns' turning away from their custom
of drinking other -Kindreds' vitae. To
be on the safe side, the Camarilla forced
the whole ~clan to take part in a


S85 S——

Tremere ritual that rendered other
Kindreds' vitae poisonous for the
Assamites (~*Curse of the Tremere). Ad-
ditionally it was laid down that the
Assamites would be forbidden to venture
beyond their home country's borders.
~Alamut, the Assamites' famous moun-
tain keep, was destroyed so that it could
not shelter its inhabitants against
Camarilla attacks anymore. The Camarilla
clans on their part should refrain from us-
ing the Assamites as killers for hire. Con-
sidering how fast all tenets save the first
one were broken, it is surprising that it took
the Assamites so long to break the Tremere
Curse, too.

¢ Tremere: 1. Clan whose members
were once mortal mages. The leader of
this group is >Tremere himself, who un-
derstood just after the passing of the first
millennium A.D. that it would be impos-
sible to actualize his desires during his
mortal years even though he possessed
amazing magical prowess. He was willing
to make the ultimate sacrifice: he would
submit to the fangs of a Kindred, receive
the curse of Caine and lead the world
into a new glorious golden age. Unluckily,
the approached ~Kindred were unwilling
to assist the honored master in this en-
deavor. In his desperation, he asked his
trusted companion ~>Goratrix in the year
1021 to capture a Kindred and discover the
secret of his "immortality." In less than a
year, Goratrix was able to capture a *fledg-
ling >Tzimisce. In 1022, Tremere finally
convinced that Kindred to >Embrace him.
For unknown reasons the ~Fiends took s
vere offense at this act and began a cam-
paign of rumor-mongering and propaganda
against the T. Due to their wise and calm
demeanor, the T. were able to prove that
all the tales spread about them were just
lies without any basis in fact, of course. All
sane Kindred refrained from warfare from
thereon, but the Tzimisce seemed unwill-
ing to understand the message of reason
the T. proselytized. But when T. in-
formed about an unholy union between the
Fiends and the soul-stealing Salubri, he
valiantly and single-handedly attacked
>Saulot, the progenitor of this blood-
line. Saulot himself tried to defeat T. by

CAS

conjuring up a multitude of devils and de-
mons, but T. was able to defeat them all.
He even took upon him the heavy burden
of capturing the soul of the infernalist
within himself, so that the world would be
safe from the actions of this emissary of hell.
Even tonight, the essence of Saulot ravages
the body of Tremere, which causes T. to re-
main in torpor for extended periods of
time. Fortunately, T.'s brave act convinced
the other clans of the evil the Cyclops'
bloodline harbored, but bereft of their
founder, this great evil was soon cleansed
from the world. In 1450, the T. assisted in
establishing the glorious institution of the
Camarilla, which was T.'s first step to the
better and safer world he had always
dreamed of. Since that fateful day, the T.
have been one of the most important and
reliable pillars of the sect and have proven
time and again that they are one of the most
august clans of all.

Clan T. is widely known for its strict hierar-
chy, which is a pure meritocracy in which
those most capable quickly advance in rank
and knowledge. This structure is often re-
ferred to as the pyramid. The members of
the lowest (or rather, least experienced)
rank are called --apprentices. They have to
master "seven circles of mystery to advance
to the position of >regent. Regents admin-
istrate the ~-chantries and teach the ap-
prentices and help them in finding havens
and other necessities near the chantry. Col-
lectively, a chantry and all its members are
called a~>province. After advancing to the
seventh circle, the most capable and wise
regents are promoted to the status of lord.
Lords supervise several chantries and possi-
bly some special research projects. A lord is
responsible for all deeds of those beneath
him. Most of them are therefore very ca-
pable and caring persons. Above the lords,
an elusive cabal of the best Kindred in the
whole clan guides the T. These are the

>pontifices. They are all responsible for
extensive geographical areas or certain as-
pects of government, industry, science, so-
ciety or economy and of course for a great
number of clan brothers and sisters, so they
travel far and wide to learn of the troubles
others face and help them in any way they
possibly can. Their areas of responsibility

ENcycLopseDia VAMPYRICA

173

|

|

=

ae Nien NEF


are commonly referred to as orders. The
Council of Seven consists of some of the
oldest and most powerful Kindred still in
existence — most of them have been ar-
dent followers of T., and some even hail
from the days when he still drew breath. All
of them are responsible for the supervision
of a whole continent, and all information
gathered is passed on to T. himself. — 2.
>Founder of the clan of the same name. T.
was a skilled master of sorcery even before
his Embrace. He was so powerful that the
house of mages that he guided had assumed
his name in his honor. With the assistance
ofa fledgling Tzimisce, T. accepted the curse
of undeath for the betterment of the hu-
man race. In 1200 he was forced to commit

»diablerie on the demon Saulot, the pro-
genitor of a bloodline of —infernalists, in
order to eradicate the foul influence of the
beast from the face of the Earth. Under his
aegis, a house of formerly mortal sorcerers
became one of the largest and most impor-
tant clans of the Camarilla, which was in-
strumental in establishing said institution,
an amazing achievement considering the
troubles and dangers he had to face. Despite
rumors about T. supposedly transforming or
suffering from restless sleep, I can assure you
that he is well and still guiding our clan with
a wise and firm hand from his resting place
in ~Vienna.

¢ Tremere Code: Oath that all >Tremere

neonates swear after their Embrace. It

guarantees the progeny's loyalty toward the
>clan elders.

* Triabell, Annabelle: Sixth Generation

>Toreador. >Primogen of the Clan of the
Rose in Chicago. T. is a typical hedonist —
to her, an unlife without luxury and deca-
dence would not be worth leading. Much
more worrying, though, is her tendency to
expose herself to the public: she is known
as Ellen Stanley-Greer, wife to John Greer,
owner of the Sentinel Publishing House. Al-
though she seems to wield absolute control
over her husband, he has been her fiancé
since the '60s, and subsequently the yellow
press has started to wonder about her seem-
ing timelessness. But she seems to be will-
ing to risk the Masquerade just to earn

ENncycLopsepia VaMpyRica

174

recognition and fame. I wonder how long
this will be tolerated.

¢ Trinity: 1. Former triumvirate of lead-
ership in Constantinople consisting of
>Michael, the >Dracon and ->Antonius.
— 2. Analliance between the Nosferatu
>» Warwick, the >Brujah Pendragon and
the ~Malkavian William >Biltmore. The
T. was instrumental in the settling of New
England. The Nosferatu Methuselah
>Trajan supposedly pulls the strings be-
hind the scenes and uses the T. to further
increase his web of contacts and spies.

© Troglodytia: Cappadocian; one of the
first members of the bloodline whose
bodies assumed a state of advanced decay
but remained in that state shortly after
their >Embrace. This phenomenon in-
creased in frequency after her Embrace,
though the most learned members of the
bloodline were unable to discern any rea-
son for this. In T.'s , she took the best
possible course and left her clan to engage
in the trade of dead bodies, strange herbs
and alchemical ingredients. She joined a
coterie of Nosferatu to learn the art of
hiding her horrible countenance. Soon af-
terward, she adopted their manner and
began trading with any interested party.
What became of her after the >Giovanni
eradicated the Cappadocians is unknown,
although some claim that she must be the
mythical progenitor of the ~Samedi
bloodline. As many ~elders owed her

>boons, it is highly likely that she escaped
persecution in some way or another. Maybe
it is indeed true that she escaped to the
New World and founded a bloodline that
combined the knowledge she had gained
with the religion of African slaves.

¢ Troile: —-Brujah. Many rumors abound
concerning the early history of his clan,
and one of the most horrible claims that
T. slew his own sire and drank his blood.
Some even use this legend to prove that
the Brujah will always be rebels fighting
against their superiors. But when consid-
ering the past of the clan, one comes to
doubt such stories. Some tales unearthed
recently rather hint at Brujah and T. be-
ing two minds in one body, one of them
rebellious and violent, while the other was


studious and wise. What became of T. or
Brujah is impossible to say, as T. has not
been heard of since the fall of Carthage.
Maybe he still rests in the salted earth be-
neath the fabled city?

¢ True Brujah: According to rumors that
have yet to be verified, a bloodline of
the Learned Clan exists that has survived
into modern nights. Its members reputedly
do not belong to the +>progeny of the pat-
ticidal ->Troile, but claim to be the last
true descendants of the +Antediluvian

>Brujah. Although it appears tempting to
dismiss these claims as tall tales, it has to
be noted that the members of this blood-
line possess a highly remarkable —Disci-
pline. In whispered private discussions this
Discipline is called ->Temporis, and it is
said that it allows its users to command
over time itself. If there is but the slightest
bit of truth in this rumor, it could prob-
ably be explained how the T. managed to
stay hidden and act from behind the scenes
of history without betraying their existence
to other ~Kindred.

* True Lasombra: A name the Amis
Noirs have given themselves in their self-
ish vanity.

True Faith: T. is a very special state pos-
sessed by only a few deeply religious mor-
tals, It is a strong belief (that does not have
to be Christian) derived from innermost,
personal convictions and does not nec
sarily grow in strength with age or painful
experiences. T. protects the believer from
our kind, and sometimes, he is even able
to push back or harm ~Kindred. See
~Holy symbols.

* True Sabbat: A term referring to an ini-
tiate of the --Sabbat who has survived his

»Creation Rites and has proven his loy-
alty to the >sect.

¢ Tumnimos: ~Rroma and ~Ravnos term

for the >Embrace.

¢ Turf: Vulgar term for an entire city or a
smaller part of town a Cainite can try to
claim as his sphere of influence.

© Twilight Cult: Gehenna Cult founded
in 1550. The T.'s members assume they can

prevent Gehenna by destroying or suborn-
ing the Last Daughter of Eve, just like you
prevent the unlocking of a door by remov-
ing the key.

The T. was originally founded by -*Ventrue
and + Tremere elders to determine to which
people the Last Daughter will be born and
to find a reliable method to supervise the

>kine populace and thus ferret out any mor-
tal woman bearing the mark of Eve, acres-
cent. In 1796, a powerful Kindred claiming
to be ~Ravnos contacted the cult's mem-
bers in Paris with surprising information: the
woman they searched for would be born to
the ~*Rroma. A research team consisting
of the cult's leaders received a surprising
amount of "hints" indicating the Rroma
from the Ravnos — maybe "non-hints"
would be a better term. The members of the
research team were almost convinced that
the mysterious visitor was a ~Malkavian

»elder trying to mislead them when he
pointed out that the Rroma were not men-
tioned in the >Book of Nod at all. That
made the elders study them. The T. decided
to destroy the Rroma, for, it maintained, if
there was none left, none could give birth
to the Last Daughter of Eve. Thus, the T.
rode the coattails of Nazis' Sinti and Rroma
pogroms, among other things.
At present, there are three factions within
the T., two of which insist that the Last
Daughter of Eve will be born among the
Rroma.

¢ Tyler: With a heavy heart, I have to bring
dire news to many of our readers: T., a rather
unassuming Kindred from ~Chicago be-
longing to the Learned Clan, is none
other than the infamous and rightly feared
Patricia of ->Bollingbroke. Yes, it is she, the
one that once sought to drink the soul of
the esteemed —Hardestadt. Although she
luckily did not succeed at this endeavor, her
actions kindled the fire that would later be
called the --Anarch Revolt. Although T.
did act out of passion and did not plan to
do so, she almost committed one of the most
heinous crimes imaginable. Her teachings
that the Kindred should step out of the shad-
ows and take a more direct role in guiding
humanity became one of the doctrines of
the +Sabbat, and she is still revered by some

ENcycropsepia VAMPYRICA

175

;


adherents of this questionable theory. She
probably never expected such repercussions
and has therefore hidden her name and face
in shame, but her crimes will probably not
go unpunished for long after some of the
mighty lay eyes on this text.

* Tzimisce: 1. One of the founding clans
of the --Sabbat. The members of this clan
are often called ->Fiends, a name that may
be due to the propaganda of the > Tremere
but certainly does have some basis in fact.
The T. hail from the lands of eastern Eu-
rope and especially >Transylvania. Due to
the massive Sabbat exodus, though, many
T. can be found in the Americas. Within
the Sabbat, the T. are an elite caste of spiri-
tual leaders and leave most of the politics
and nightly operations to the >Lasombra.
They have been instrumental in the devel-
opment of many ~*Paths of Enlightenment
and are still the most vocal proponents of

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

176

these alternatives to humanitas. Their mas-
tery of the dreaded — Discipline > Vicissi-
tude makes them feared and revered at the
same time, as their alien bodies often cre-
ate a strange fascination in others. Many
rites of the Sabbat have their basis in ritu-
als the T. have practiced for centuries or
even millennia. — 2. Also known as the
Eldest. Kindred of the Third Generation
and founder of the clan of the same name.
Supposedly, T. has sought to transcend the
limits of the body. According to clan lore,
he succeeded and is therefore revered not
only as the founder but also as a quasi-saint
by many religious T. He supposedly fell be-
neath the fangs of one ~Lugoj blood-
breaker whose diablerie plunged the clan
into the ~Anarch Revolt, but soon there-
after he fell into torpor. Lately rumors
about bizarre creations of flesh have sur-
faced in the New World, and some claim
that only T. himself would have been able
to create such monstrosities, Strangely
enough, these claims seem to support the
tales of Lambach Ruthven, who claims

that Tzimisce slew Lugoj and has been mas-

querading as him for centuries.
¢ Tzimisce, Old World: A term used to

describe some of the very old --Tzimisce
who remained in Europe and are nominally
a part of the ~Sabbat. In fact, very few of
them choose to involve themselves in the
politics of the ~sect at all, rather prefer
ring to lead their unlives as they wish. A
small group within the T. is obsessed with
the idea that > Vicissitude is in some way
tainted or corrupted. These T. refrain from
employing the Discipline and prefer to
cultivate -*Dominate. Whatever beliefs
the T. may have, I warn you about setting
a foot on the soil they claim for themselves,
as horrible curses and magics are sure to
follow those unwanted intrusions.


* Ublo-Satha: Seventh Generation -Gar-

goyle; #963. Childe of Harlequin. U. has
no memories whatsoever about the time be-
fore she became a servant of the Tremere.
She is known to have been -Etrius's per-
sonal bodyguard for a while. Resides in
Chicago and is heavily influenced by
>Menele.

* Ulfila, Fabrizio: > Ventrue. Almost every
clan has tried to exert influence on the
church, but the connections of this member
of the -*Clan of Kingship date back to the
first nights of Christendom in Ancient

»Rome. Even though the church has been
a battlefield for --Cainite conspiracies for
centuries, U. survived them all and still re-
mained steadfastly loyal to the Ventrue prin-

ciple of dignitas. The only mistake in all those
years — if you could really call it that — this
dignitary could be held responsible for was a

>ghoul named -*Ferox whom he handed over
to the +Tremere. It is through vassals like him
that U. interacts with the church. He is on
good terms with Clan Giovanni. Recently,
old rumors surfaced again that claim U. pos-
sesses True Faith. Moreover, his connections
within the Necromancers' clan enabled him
to learn much about their blood magic. He is
known to have talked about drastic changes
in the realms of the dead, changes that are of
dite consequences even for us who exist on
the other side of the +Shroud

© Ultraconservatives: A faction within the

*Sabbat. Primarily supported by older mem-
bers of the Sabbat, the U. devote themselves
to the task of transforming the ~sect into a
huge, effective army to destroy the

»Antediluvians as well as the ->Camarilla.
Younger members of the Sabbat see the fol-
lowers of this philosophy as fat bastards who
have nothing else to do than fight ancient
vendettas and increase fear of the legendary
Antediluvians.

© Ulugh Begh: Fifth Generation >Tremere;
*874,#1253. Pontifex of the Balkans. Many
legends surround this powerful Kindred.
According to these legends, he has been one
of the founders of the Children of the Pyra-
mid, one of the leaders of the ~*Elite and one

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA
177

Py bg

" hugh i gh

GoulS habe been 2

Setter choice than
yastasse + +
cinde ans

Madame Gui

supposed fo bo all ie
Gork on their oby!
Sus please dont
mention dit. favek of
vars, Master
Nikertus. «» Atl
he Gill eGer achiebe is
to bring a Geary
soiek to. my cold fips.

ne


of the Quaesitori. Furthermore, it is said that
he committed -rdiablerie on more than a
dozen >Salubri, has conspired with Baba

Yaga and many, many things more. The only
irrefutable fact known about him is that it was

»Meerlinda who recruited him for House
Tremere and eventually Embraced him. He
primarily served as a diplomat afterward until
he was made Pontifex of the Balkans in 1992
He reputedly strives for the office of >justicar,
an ambition that made him the rival of the
former Tremere Justicar Karl --Schreckt dur-
ing the 1990s. When Anastasz >-di Zagreb was
elected as the new justicar, U. saw this as a
personal insult, especially since he and di
Zagreb hail from the same chantry.

© Uncle Smelly: Legendary technological fa-
ther or messianic figure among North
‘Ametica's Nosferatu. U. supposedly trave
from city to city to spread the word to the
local members of the Clan of the Hidden
about his greatest accomplishment —
>SchreckNet. U. is extremely fond of mod-
ern technology and swears it offers the only
possibility available to his clan to stop threats
to its safety.

* Unconquered: The name the >
antitribu have chosen for themselves.

* Unforgiving: The followers of the Path
of the Scorched Heart

ENcycLopaeDia VAMp¥RICA

178

Unmada: Seventh Generation
»Malkavian. Indian fakir. Sire of
>Vasantasena.

* Underworld: The Shadowlands inhab-
ited by -Wraiths

¢ Unre: Fifth Generation Harbinger of
Skulls; # unknown. >Childe of -Japheth.
Also called the "Keeper of Golgotha."

For centuries, the Harbingers of Skulls were
imprisoned beyond the walls of death, seeth-
ing with fury that found no release. Then,
U. and the Capuchin showed them the
way back through the ~Shroud into the
realm of the living. U. was never one to dwell
on trifles like these tragedies of the past.
During her stay in the Shadowlands she had
existed on the only ~>vitae accessible to her
— the blood of her fellow +-Cainite prison-
ers. This enabled her to learn death magic
that was powerful enough to penetrate the
veil of death and contact her sire. At first,
Japheth refused to help her, claiming the fate
of ~>Ashur''s get was irrevocable. Eventu-
ally, he supported her during the ritual she
used to free the imprisoned undead and con-
vinced her and the entire bloodline to join
the ~Sabbat. Until the time for their un-
fathomable retribution has come, the Har-
bingers take part in the elders' game and
use the Sabbat as the vehicle of their yen-


Se

geance. Fortunately for U., she has used her
Necromantic powers to spina web of >boons
Pe eariicall'in from. Many, many.2Kinteed
— primarily from members of the Sabbat,
but also from other Kindred. In the modern
nights, U. has made her haven, which she
calls "Golgotha," a veritable monument to
the dead, beneath the swirling sands of Egypt.

* Urlon of Uruk: U. was one of the first
warlords of Western civilization. He declared
war on Ur, hoping he would be able to de-
stroy *Arakur. He was slain by Lantla
while the latter was possessed by the demon
»Drakonskyr. In all likelihood, U. was a
*Brujah or ~Gangrel of Fourth or Fifth
Generation.

* Urrah, Damned: Abomination.

* Ur-Shulgi: Member of the Fourth Gen-
eration and second ~*childe of -*Haqim, the
*Second City's god of war. Formerly known
exclusively from fragments of ->Setite schol-
ars' scriptures, the -»Methuselah recently ap-
peared in Iraq, where archaeologists discov-
ered a small cave in the Zagros Mounte

CAS

According to my sources, the first mage of
lan -Assamite is responsible for the destruc-
tion of the last caliph, Elijah Ahmed,

EncycLopseDiA VAMPYRICA

179

oe


How cute... a sentimental
Lasombra. But Montreal
aill fall, dear Carcie.. You
can be sure of thal. As sure as
Yosefina's beauly will eventu-
ally fade anay

Vagoek? Never heago oF
bm Before. [bare Never
Believed In the existence
OF this allegedly: "rpue
Black ee ee al
one else ov - why should ]
Be concepned About theip
midges Now that everyone
suddenly claims this ‘con-
Spipacy within a con-
Spipacy-" has ween
thwapreo?

————_ eee

Fifth Generation -Ventrue;
*305 B.C., #255 B.C. Patron of >Vienna.
According to contemporary eyewitness re-
ports, V. was involved in the destruction of
»Carthage and a member of the Roman Eter-
nal Senate. He was sent to the city known as
Vienna in modern nights to oppose the en-
croaching —>Brujah, ->Gangrel and
»Nosferatu. Here, he met ~Etrius, a
>Tremere, and the ancient Kindred agreed
on a pact. Etrius would support V.'s actions
against the ~-Lasombra, while V. promised to
help Etrius in his vendetta against the
>Tzimisce. Even after Tremere committed
>diablerie on --Saulot, V. proved true to his
promise. Sometime after the struggle between
the »Warlocks and the +-Fiends, V. vanished.
Ever since, his name is mentioned in rumors
and tales that might indicate that V. still
ists. It is whispered he joined the ranks of the
mysterious >Inconnu.

* Valez, Carolina: Eighth Generation

>Lasombra; *1930, #1955. Former —Arch-
bishop of -»Montreal. V. earned her reputa-
tion while acting as an undercover agent in
the Californian -*Anarch Free State. Her
casual relations with mortals and -anarchs
in Montreal is often seen as a personal weak-
ness, especially since she shuns unnecessary
violence and the blatant display of her

>Cainite state. Even though some of the
more vocal members of the --Sabbat regard
her as weak, V. is a cunning and clever ma-
nipulator who often overemphasizes her
"weakness" to distract those who mistrust her
from her true motives. V.'s best-kept secret is
her relationship to her mortal grandchild
Josefina. During her circuit of California she
ensured that Josefina would follow her trail

ENcycLopaepiA VAMpyRICA

180

and kept her close to remind her of her
former beauty. V. looks after her granddaugh-
ter and rescued her from the clutches of the
Sabbat repeatedly. Josefina on her part feels
like she is being watched by a "guardian an-
gel," and she has become something like an
amateur occultist to learn more about her
protector. This notion makes it harder and
harder for V. to keep Josefina from drawing
the Sabbat's attention. V. is in a precarious
situation, trying with all means necessary to
keep the city from being torn apart by the
inner turmoil within local Cainite society.

rriors from Ger-
manic mythology who lead fallen heroes to
Valhalla. — 2. A group of Gangrel who
prowl the Scandinavian nights, known for
their ~anarch tendencies. (See -Odin's
Daughters.)

* Vancouver: 1. Canadian seaport town on
the Pacific coast. Population 400,000. This

>domain follows a special philosophy in as
much as its -Cainite inhabitants have de-
cided to ally with the local -Lupines to
avoid meaningless bloodshed on both sides.

»Prince: Siegfried (+Ventrue). — 2.
Town in the state of Washington (USA).
Population 44,300. —.3. Canadian island
off the coast of British Columbia. Popula-
tion 300,000. Most important city: Victoria


© Vardek: -Qadi of the now defunct
*Tal'mahe'Ra

* Vasan na: Eighth Generation

»Malkavian. Born in India around 1000
A.D. >Childe of the Brahman ~>Unmada.
Turned to the -Sabbat after the *Conven-
tion of Thorns, a sect whose ideals were
already tainted by madness. This enlightened
lunatic foresaw the > Antediluvians' return.

ral A

* Vaulderie: The --Sabbat ->Kindred take
their nightly battle very seriously — so seri-
ously that they would never tolerate opposi-
tion within their own ranks. To avoid inter-
nal quarrels they use the V., which resembles
4 blood bond though it is very different
from such with regard to function and in-
tent. Instead of being bound to a single per-
son, the followers of the Sabbat are bound
to the members of their ->pack by the V.
Undead who do not know about the details
of the V. often consider it to be nothing more
than simply mixing Kindred ~>vitae in a bowl
and drinking it afterward

A V. can be held anytime — before attacks
on enemies of the sect, during important
gatherings, at the beginning of Creation
Rites of new sect members and almost al-
ways during a pack's -*Esbat. The result of
this rite is known as ~Vinculum. This bond

CRS

is variable and of different strength for each
pack member. Sometimes it creates certain re-
straints similar to those of a blood bond. In
some cases the Vinculum is so strong that a

>Cainite under its influence would readily
tisk and sacrifice his unlife for the other mem-
bers of his pack.

Without the V. the Sabbat would probably
collapse under the weight of the sect's dog-
mas. Chaos and anarchy follow the Sabbat
everywhere its members turn up and would
erode the last remnants of organization tha

would remain without the loyalty and sym-
pathy this rite evokes. It should never be for.
gotten, though, that these feelings are of an
entirely artificial nature. The V. can actually
shatter existing blood bonds.

¢ Veddhartha: Supposedly one of Clan

/entrue's progenitor's names he was known
by when he arrived with the Aryans in India
in 1500 B.C. There, he subdued the local
people — the Drawida — and supposedly
tuled over them for many centuries.

© Vegetarians: Sometimes younger—>Kindred
tend to refer to essentially sad or unfortunate
facts or trends by using a rather sarcastic term
from their mortal days. Such is the case her
a V. is nothing else than a Kindred who re-
fuses to drink human blood and confines him-
self to the consumption of animal blood.

ENC¥CLOpseDIA VAMPYRICA

181

—
Dake


CAF Biregeat

a

) 5

{ © Velya: Also known as "the Vivisectionist."
A cardinal and founding member of the
»Sabbat. This Methuselah of Clan
~Tzimisce and alleged -childe of the
Tzimisce's Antediluvian founder is infamous
for his brutality, which knows no equal. He
met the 10-year-old Elaine Cassidy in new
England in the 19th century and fell in love
with her not only due to her immaculate
beauity, but especially because of her malice.
In hid jealousy and fear of losing her to,oth-
ers, he amputated Elaine's legs and used > Vi-
cissitude to fuse their bodies together. Ever
since they have been an "inseparable" couple.
Among his clan brethren V. is famous for his
scientific experiments, which resulted in his
daunting sobriquet.

* Venice: Capital of the Italian province
Venetia. During the Crusades, V. rose to
prominence as the most important trading
center of the Occident and ruler of the Medi-
terranean Sea. Its eventual decline set in with
the advance of Turkish troops and the taking
of ~Constantinople in 1453. Moreover, the
subsequent discovery of a sea route to India
diminished its influence even further. One of
the main reasons for the city's fame is the fact
that it has been built on 122 islands in a la-
goon of the Adriatic Sea. Until the early
Middle Ages the ->Lasombra dominated V.,
but everything changed with the foundation
of the +Camarilla and the seizure of power
by the +Giovanni. In the modern nights,
there is no Prince of Venice. The city har-
bors the Mausoleum — the headquarters of
Clan Giovanni — where the +-Antediluvian
Augustus Giovanni resides when he is not
in torpor. Apart from the Giovanni, only a
few Toreador and Nosferatu reside in V.
Until recently the Camarilla's Inner Circle
met in V., but after the assassination of

>Petrodon it is not yet certain if it will con-
vene there again.

¢ Ventrue: 1. On one hand, the Kindred
of the Kingship Clan are regarded as hon-
orable, gentle and elegant, while on the other
hand, others call them arrogant, avaricious
and most of all power hungry. Since Roman
times the members of this clan have been the
leaders of Kindred society who enforce the

>Traditions and decide upon the fate of all
undead. This role always brought them respect
as well as disdain. Many of them see them-
selves as nobles in the truest sense of the word
and fight to defend the rights of all Kindred

Encyctopsepia VAMpyRICA

182

They are the kings, emperors, knights and
barons of the modern nights. Young mem-
bers of the clan unite and lead their fellow
Kindred while the elders look out for po-
tential threats that brew like storm clouds
beyond the borders of civilized undead soci-
ety. Many domains claimed by the
»Camarilla are supervised by the >Blue
Bloods, and they are reluctant to give away
ventures they have invested in so eagerly, A
good reputation and personal achievements
can take Kindred within the clan a long way,
but all this is in vain if a Kindred cannot
maintain his influence. Clan members carry
the privileges of leadership as proudly as they
stoically shoulder the burdens that come with
their preordained role. It has always been this
way, and it will always be this way. Or maybe
not. In recent nights you can hear voices
from within the clan who claim they are no
longer able to put up with ceaseless slander-
ing and continuing enmities. In their opin-
ion, too many undead have forgotten what
they gain from the Clan of Kingship. They
want to give up and abandon the flock, so to
speak, until their subjects realize that their
shepherds did not act out of selfishness. If
this should happen, the leadership of the
Camarilla will undergo some drastic changes.
— 2. The ~Antediluvian founder of the
Clan of Kingship was the ~*childe of
»Enoch and the firstborn among the Third
Generation. He was far from being the great
leader many members of other clans regard
him. This is not supposed to imply he never
managed to exert his influence on a mortal
people — to the contrary. But all
Antediluvians had to do so in the dias
following the destruction of the
City. He saw himself as a keeper of >Cainite
lore, secrets and treasures that he intended
to guard until we all would be in dire need of
them. This affinity and his long discussions
with Caine himself awakened the envy of
the other Antediluvians very early, an envy
that would later become one of the main rea-
sons for the Jyhad. In spite of malicious
rumors to the contrary mainly spread by the
members of the Learned Clan, V. was not
destroyed. He still exists and lies in >torpor
like most of the other members of the Third
Generation.

© Veradas, Antonio: --Sabbat —>Bishop of
Leon in Nicaragua. This >Brujah antitribu
uses his skills at spying as well as his connec-
tions within the military to maintain his


SZ

influence in the region. Leon may be the
smallest city in Nicaragua, but thanks to V.,
the Sabbat's position here is the strongest one
by far, compared to others. In Leon, the
»sect defies the -*Camarilla as well as the
Giovanni. Some rumors claim V. belongs
to the >True Brujah.

© Vessel: Former or potential blood source,
usually a member of the kine.

* Vestment of Vileness: Mystic artifact with
Etitisleading‘fame, probably in thé posses-
fon of the ->Sabbat. This priestly garment
Pesablesing andacune upoait:The bless-
ieee veals the'eniomatic + Giowannt Dis:
cipline called ~Necromancy to the wearer,
while the curse ensures that any of his loved
ones who touch the robe lose all of their
gentle feeling toward him.

* Via Ossis: Archaic name for the ~Path
of the Bones.

* Via Paradocis: Old-form name for the
»Path of Paradox.

* Vicissitude: V. is the archetypal >Tzimisce
power almost unknown to ~>Kindred outside
the ~clan. Bear in mind that this +Disci-
pline may have powerful and terrible effects,
but only if the user touches his victim's skin
constantly while employing it. The user of-
ten has to shape the desired result with his
own hands, which makes it almost impos-
sible for any being more sensitive than the
»Fiends to use V. Nosferatu always "heal"
changes through V. overnight — at least
those that make a cosmetic improvement to
their terrible visages.

* Vienna: If one city in the world has right-
fully earned the moniker "bastion" of a clan,
then it is surely this metropolis on the
Danube River. For in no other place known
to us on Earth does a clan dominate a city in
a fashion comparable to the way Clan

*Tremere thrives in the Austrian capital.
The rituals and magic circles with which the
city's borders have been secured early on
against unwelcome guests demonstrate the
Tremere's undisputed claim to power in a
very impressive manner. Caution appears
appropriate if you believe the rumors about
the >Antediluvian founder of Clan Tremere
himself, who is supposed to slumber some-
where in or under the city. Our dear readers
will certainly acknowledge that a detailed
essay on the countless events that took place

CRS

in this cultural and historical center would
have surely taken up far too much space in
this work. Therefore, it appeared more sen-
sible to me to offer a brief overview in a sum-
marized form.

* Villon, Francois: Fifth Generation ~To-
reador; *1431, #1464. ~Childe of Helena.
Former student of languages at Sorbonne
University. His poems represent the zenith of
French vagrant's poetry. Spent his first years
of unlife at the court of the French king, shap-
ing and developing the modern French lan-
guage. ~»Prince of Paris and unofficial "prince"
of the entire "domain" of France.

© Vinculum: A term referring to the mutual
*blood bond the members of the ~*Sabbat
enter into during the rite called the
»Vaulderie. Unlike to a normal blood bond,
a V. affects not only two, but several people.

* Vindobona: Old name of +Vienna.

© Vitae: A term used exclusively by >Kin-
dred to refer to blood

* Vitel, Marcus: Really Lucius Aelius
Sejanus. Fifth Generation --Lasombra. This
»Sabbat ~Methuselah has fooled Clan

>Ventrue and the entire -*Camarilla for de-

cades by posing as Ventrue Prince of
>Washington, D.C. Even before his -Em-

brace in the first century A.D., V. used his
as cunningly and effectively as pos-

sible. As head of the Roman secret police, he

ExcycLopsepiA VAMPYRICA

183


VIENNA TIMELINE

2000 B.C.: First Indo-Germanic settlements in the mountainous forests near tonight's

400 B.C:
50 A.D.:

103:

118:
128;
161:

Vienna.
Celts settle the area.

Romans under the protection of Roman ->Ventrue *Valerianus establish
the military camp ~Vindobona in the province of Noricum.

Valerianus's dream comes true: the area surrounding Vindobona becomes
its own province, bearing the name of Pannonia Superior.

Valerianus ~sires the Roman General Marius lulius Corvus.
Valerianus Embraces the Rhana, the daughter of a Celtic lord.

Marius Iulius Corvus and Rhana both sire their own first +childe. Marius
takes his lover, Onnos, into the night, while Rhana Embraces poet Publius
Servatius.

First Marcomannic War.

Brief lulls in the war against the Marcomans and the Quades.
Vindobona is destroyed by the +Tzimisce.

Vindobona is rebuilt,

Due to efforts by Valerianus, Vindobona eventually gains city rights.

First vineyards in the area are set up.

The Huns conquer all of Pannonia and Vindobona is destroyed again.
Valerianus falls into ~>torpor during the fire that ravages the city. All other
Pannonian Ventrue-and Marcus Aurelius are destroyed:

The Romans finally withdraw from Pannonia.
Valetiatius tises{from torpor and heads to Rome it Bich,
The >Pawnbroker visits Pannonia for the first timey

During his campaign against the Awars, Charlemagne lays the foundation
for the Church of St. Peter in the rebuilt city, whichtis-called Uenia by
now,

After defeating a Ventrue-led Bavarian army near Preisburg; mortal pup
pets of the ++Fiends conquer the whole region ‘up to,the'River Enns and
take Vienna.

Clan Tremere is founded in the Order of Hermes —>chantry Ceoris in Hungary.
»Etrius sires a childe in Germany, ~Lotharius.
Lotharius arrives in. Vienna to extend-his sire's chantry.

Tremere puts an end to the quarrels among his seven childer by subjecting
them to a blood bond:

Tremere discovers the havens of several -Antediluvians and commits
>diablerie on -»Saulot, whose blood @xults him tothe status of a Third
Generation >Cainite and turns‘House Tremere into a-proper clan.

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

184


1349,
135]:
1365:

1394:
1408:

1421:

1450:

1485:

1490:

1493:

The mortal Babenberg Dynasty buys the rights to rule over the city:
Valerianus settles down in nearby Klosterneuburg to influence the new
rulers in his city's best interests.

Valerianus takes a first step toward reclaiming his power over the city by
instigating the nomination of one of his >ghouls, Heinrich II Jasomirgort,
for Margrave of Austria.

Valerianus sires Konrad von Babenberg.

The Babenberg Dynasty takes residence in Vienna. Valerianus trium
phantly returns to "his" city,

The Babenberg dynasty arrests Richard the Lionhearted on his way home
from the Holy Land. Parts of the ransom money are used to erect the new
city walls. ->Goratrix leaves Ceoris to undermine a chantry in Paris.

During a journey to the area of tonight' Berlin, Lotharius meets the witch-
hunter Karl ~Schreckt, ovétwhelms thé Iiquisitor and takes him into
the night.

In addition to city rights-and the right to strike Coinage, Vienna is from
now on subject only tothe Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.

Frederick IL dies. The male Babenberg line ends:

Otokar, the future héir to the Bohemian crown, claims Austria after lengthy
succession wars between several female Babenberg nobles. Otokar is backed
by the Ventrue, who attempt to secure their claim of power in the region

German King Rudolf of Habsbutg, who has ties to the >Lasombra, lays
claim to Austria and takes Vienna.

Duke Albreche I of Habsburg is crowned German king. The influence of
the Lasombra increases further. As first representative of the Clan of
the Rose, the Spanish Toreador Maria y Aragon arrives in Vienna.

First outbreak of the plague;-attributed by some to a Tzimisce curse.
Lotharius returns to Vienna and declares himself prince of the city.

On behalf of Lotharius's efforts, the Viennese university is founded, built
around chantries of the Tremere.

~Meerlinda organizes the first meeting of the Founders in Vienna.

Viennese Mayor Konrad Vorlauf, who had opposed the patricians as rep
resentative of the rich artisans, is executed together with many other rebels.

Konrad von Babenberg instigates the clearing of the Jewish ghetto by the
hands of Duke Albrecht V in Order to deliver a blow against Jewish
»Nosferatu and pawnbrokers.

Foundation of the +Camarilla.

Hungarian Matthias Corvinus, a puppet of the Hungarian Ventrue, occu
pies Vienna.

The Hungarian occupation ends. Valerianus's latest attempt to regain
power has failed: Embittered, the Roman leaves the city again.

>Convention of Thorns:

Encyctopsepia VAMpYRICA

185


F mel this Babenberg
once while visi

hing
«His English
shows @ heavy
What am J, Supposed fo

think of a man with such
anbitions olan

ns lo power
who

ho has nol ma, slered the
most inp

the

Orenna

accen/

ortan! language

in
modern world?

*Treaty of Tyre.

Urged by Etrius, Ferdinand I, who is influenced by the Ventrue Heinrich
»von-Volstag, has the leaders of a renewed artisans' rights movement
executed during the so-called Bloody Trials.

First Turkish Siege serves as a cover for retribution by the *Assamites in
reaction to the Treaty of Tyre. The Tremere's --Gouncil of Seven meets
to save the city from similar dangers in the future through potent protec-
tive wards

A second outbreak of the plague triggered by the Tzimisce —Jorska kills a
third of the city's population.

Ferdinand, who has meanwhilesbroken von' Volstag's hold onshim, in
vites the first Jesuits to Viefina, thereby strengthening the Society of
Leopold, which leads toa crisis between Tremere and Ventrue. The latter
put the blame for Ferdinand's actions on the ~Warlocks.

The crisis escalates when Ventrue Gustav Breidenstein, Prince of Ber
liny stakes the Tremere ~*Justicar Karl Schreckt andedelivers him to the
Vienna chantry.

Valerianus returns to Vienna and resolves the quartels.

The Thirty Years War reaches, Vienna. In its turmoil, Tremere and Ventrue
purge the area of almost all -Sabbat influence.

50,000 mortals fall.victim:to-the plague after Rabat pays ayvisit'to the
Pawnbroker.

The Assamites start another attempt to take the Tremere chantry during
the Second Turkish Siege but fail once agains

The "line wall" — a fortification of thegrownsinner city— is finished
after Tremere and Ventrue agrée on the utmost importance of theprojects

Valerianus joins the >Inconnu.
Heyday of the Viennese Baroque. Maria y Aragon's influence grows.

Prussian troops advance on Austrian soil, a futile attempt by German
Ventrue to regain their influences

First "consignation of souls" (census) counts 175,000 ifihabitants of
Vienna.

Joseph II, Maria Theresa's oldest s6n, follows enlightened political ideals
under Tremere influence.

With the death of Joseph Il, his enlightened style of governmentcomes
to an.end.

After French troops under Napoleon occupy,Viefina, the Toreador assert
their rights on the city, urged by Matia'y Aragon. They aid in the forced
abdication of Franz Ilas Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire of German.
Nations and afterward agree toa conclusion of peace. Vienna is no longer
the capital of the Holy Roman. Empire.

Napoleon occupies Vienna a second time. It is only after his defeat in the
battle of Leipzig six years later that the Tremere can hope to regain their
influence on the city.

ExcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

186


1814-15:

1848:
1856:
1866:

1870;
1873:
1874:
1897:

1910:
1914:

1919:

1934:

1938:

1945:

1955:

1961:
1967:
1970:
1983:

1986:

1989:

During the Congress of Vienna, diplomats under the leadership of
Metternich, linked to the Tremere, reshape the political landscape of Eu
rope.

Civil Revolution. Metternich has to flee from Vienna
Deconstruction of the line wall during the renovation of the €ity.

Austria and Prussia wage war on one another. Gustav Breidenstein drives
back Tremere advancing deep into German territory.

Efforts to regulate the River Danube begin: One reason for this project was
the economic interest the Ventrue had in trade along the river.

Stocks crash, Giovanni and Ventrue attempt to attack the Tremere, whom
they-see as a menace to their claims of power on the battlefield of economy.
Their,aceempts show'some limited successes.

The first wave of efforts to regulate the River Danube ends.
Dr. Karl Lueger,'a contact of the Tremere, is eleeted mayor:
Lueger's administration ends.

The student Gavrilo Princip assassinates the successor to the throne of
Austria, Franz Ferdinand, and his wife, Sophie, in Sarajevo. Beginning of
World War I,

Peace of St. Germain.

Civil War in Vienna between socialists and fascists. Mortal-minions of
Tremere and Ventruevclash with those of the > anarchs.

German troops occupy Vienna.Under cover of this movement, Gustay,
Breidenstein smothers any chance for further anarch tidts.

More than 50 bombing raids of the Allied ait,forces destroy more than half
of all housing and industrial buildings. The city is divided into four occu
pation zones.

Austria is reborn as an independent nation. The Allied troops leave Vienna.
The nation pledges to maintain a state of neutrality in the future and be
comes a member of the United Nations. Tremere rises from torpor.

Kennedy and Khrushchev meet in Vienna.

Vienna becomes the seat of the United Nations, which furthers the eco
nomic interests of the Ventrue.

Kreisky becomes Austrian Chancellor.

Vienna celebrates the 300th anniversary of théSecond Turkish Siegé?On
this. occasion, a meeting ofthe Council of Seven is held. Kreisky's admin
istration ends:

The Benedictine Father Hermann Hans Groer becomes new Archbishop
of Vienna, which leads to heightened activities of the Society of Leopold:

Former Empress Zita von Habsburg dies at the age of 96. Formerly a puppet
of the Lasombra, she is entombed in the Capuchin Crypt while the people
of Vientinmoatintherspassing.

ExcycLopseia VAMPYRICA

187


Mital oe

BgeeR tae Dy

CAD

them a lesson¢

1990: After the fall of the Iron Curtain, Vienna becomes one of the most impor
tant centers of middle Europe once again. Economic, political and
cultural contacts to the eastare tenewed. The Tremere have to deal with a
flood ‘of refugees from, eastern European nations.

1990: Atthe age of 79, the social democrat Bruno Kreisky is assassinated.

1991: In May, the people'of Viena stirprisingly vote against the holding of thé
XPO

1995. The Toreador suspect that the Tremere manipulated the vote to teach t

1992: As a result 6f ajterror attack by the anarchs‘under the leadership:of Marc
»Krieger, large parts of the old castle are destroyed,

1995: Austria joins the European Union.

was responsible for thousands of deaths. Af-
ter the foundation of the Sabbat, he joined
the new ~sect but sank into ~torpor shortly
thereafter. Soon after his rise from that tor-
pid state in the middle of the 20th century,
he claimed the title of Prince of Washington,
D.C., making the Camarilla believe he was
one of its members. After the Sabbat took his
city from him, he fled to Baltimore as a true
prince of the Camarilla would to lick his
wounds and cope with the tragic loss inflicted
on him by the evil, savage Sabbat. He seems
to have suffered Final Death in the throes
of the recent Sabbat War. And so I guess it is
your turn now, Master Bindusara.

* Vivisectionist, the: Velya.

¢ Vizier: Title of the most learned scholar
and most important political mediator of Clan
»Assamite. The V. is a member of the
>Du'at.

* Voivode: 1. Traditional title for the oldest
leaders of Clan -*Tzimisce. — 2. Eastern Euro-
pean noble title primarily used in Romania.

¢ Volgirre: Fifth Generation >Toreador.
»Childe of Helena. French baron. —-Sired
the current ~Justicar Madam ~Guil in the
year of his destruction. Was dragged into broad
daylight by relatives of his victims in 1579
before he could subject his youngest childe to
a blood bond.

¢ Volker: Sixth Generation >Nosferatu;
*658, #689. Sire unknown. V. was born asa
Batavian and was trained in the art of war.

»Embraced after a devastating defeat by the

ENcycLOpseDiA VAMpyRICA

188

Lombards in the Ardennes. V. has no recol-
lections whatsoever about this fateful night.
Withdrew to the >domain ~Aix-la-
Chapelle. Due to the conflicts between Prus-
sian ~Ventrue led by the Prince of >Ber-
lin, Gustav -Breidenstein, and French >To-
teador under the leadership of Frangois

>Villon, V. was sent as a spy to —>Paris in
the 19th century, where he still resides to
this night.

* von Babenberg, Konrad: Sixth Genera-
tion ->Ventrue; *1119, #1144. —-Childe of

>Valerianus. Represents the ->Clan of King-
ship in the council of the domain —> Vienna


and is widely regarded as the most powerful
»elder of his clan in all of Austria. Secretly,
he hates the -»Tremere. with a vengeance.

* von Bauren, Josef: ->Nosferatu. The rep-
resentative of the Hidden Clan among the
>founders of the >Camarilla. He is a quiet
>Kindred who chooses his words very care-
fully. Probably the ->coterie has to thank his
skills as a mediator that it has not already
broken apart centuries ago.

* von Bernstein, Patricia: Sixth Genera-
tion Tremere; *1240, #1278. Former mem-
ber of the now disbanded —primogen of
»Frankfurt. In the first centuries after her
Embrace she got on well in the Byzantine
world of Clan Tremere. Sometime after her
first extended stay in Frankfurt, rumors
claimed she belonged to a secret society.
These accusations have not been proven to

date. Another tale about her that certainly is
nothing more than pure speculation assigns
to her several attempts to locate a hidden sys-
tem of caves and caverns beneath Frankfurt.

* von Stalburg, Vinzenz: Sixth Generation

+Ventrue; *1226, #1250. Former member of
the +primogen in Frankfurt, which was
later disbanded by him. With the help of an
allied >Malkavian he became ~>prince of the

>domain Frankfurt shortly after his >Em-
brace. Under his princedom, the city flour-

ished and grew to unexpected size. The ar
pearance of an unknown ~Kindred severely
hampered his influence on the city, and he
was forced to leave his domain and seek ref-
uge with his clanmate Gustav ~Breidenstein
in Berlin. Before leaving he had asked the

»Camarilla for support, and the sect sent
several ~archons to Frankfurt to enforce or
der there. One of these archons, Frederick
I, took the opportunity to become prince of
the domain himself, Even though V. returned
to Frankfurt with a letter of introduction from
Breidenstein to the new prince, in which
Breidenstein called upon Frederick to ac-
knowledge V.'s legitimate claim to the do-
main, Frederick simply ignored the letter. Ever
since, V. had tried with all means available to
regain his former domain as Prince of Frank-
furt. When the embittered and disillusioned
Barbarossa eventually abdicated in 1998, V.'s
greatest desire became reality

* von Stolberg, Wolfram: Seventh Genera-
tion ~Ventrue; *695, #760. Born in Castle
Stolberg near Aix-la-Chapelle. A Ventrue

»ghoul since 711. From 949 on member of
the Triumvirate in Aix-la-Chapelle together
with Notulf and Nikolai von Tresckow. De-
stroyed in 1400.

* von Volstag, Heinrich: A German
»Ventrue who came to Transylvania in the

wake of Saxon settlers. He >sired >Bulscu

and is thus considered the progenitor of the
>Arpad Ventrue

ExcyctopseDia VAMPYRICA

189


————

§ © Voodoo: A religion combining elements
of Catholicism with Haitian and African
tribal animism. Spread widely among the

»Kindred by the ~>Followers of Set, espe-
cially in->New Orleans. V. came to the USA
in a roundabout way via the slave trade from
Africa and the Caribbean Isles. During the
18th century, the so-called "black ivory" was
the most lucrative good New Orleans and
Louisiana had to offer. V. had many follow-
ers among the slaves, and thus the majority
of V. cultists were slaves. The most powerful
and remarkable figures in these cults were
the V-queens. Second in power but as feared
among the cultists as the queens themselves
were the witch-doctors.

* Voorhies, Arjan: ->Ventrue. The Prince
of the Netherlands is a quite capable man
who. oversees his -*domain from

»Amsterdam. He has to be capable indeed,
since his domain suffers considerably from
repeated attacks by the ->Sabbat because the

>sect seems stronger here than anywhere
else in northern Europe. Moreover, he has
to deal with numerous Giovanni who have
gained a footing in local economy in recent
years. Nevertheless, Amsterdam can be re-
garded as an impressive example of a city in
which the >Traditions are respected in ev-
ery way. In comparison to other cities of the
same size, there the ancient customs are up-
held and enforced excellently.

* Voshkov, Sergei: > u. Having al-
ready become a legend as a mortal, V. was

osfe!

hated, feared and hunted since he was the
master spy of the KGB. During the 1990s
he had grown old and had to watch how
the nation he had dedicated his whole life
to fell in ruins before his own eyes. But he
was given a second chance, when no other
than Baba Yaga Embraced him, and he
prowled the night in her service. The abili-
ties he had cultivated as a mortal and the
incredible powers available to him thanks
to the immense age of the Iron Hag make
him a formidable opponent, even though
technically speaking he is still a >neonate.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

190

It remains to be seen, however, if he will
continue to walk in his sire's footsteps af-
ter the latter's destruction.

¢ Vykos, Myca/Sasha: Also known under
the moniker "Caine's Angel." Sixth Genera-
tion -Tzimisce and ~Priscus of the
»Sabbat. It is anything other than easy for
me to treat this person in an objective way
appropriate to a true scholar. Originally hail-
ing from the Carpathian Mountains, Myca
— since he was still clearly male during the
time of his ~Embrace withdrew to
»Constantinople after serious disputes with
the Tremere. Maybe they had planned to
recruit the talented young man for them-
selves. Somewhere along the way, he must
have lost his mind — he cut his own scro-
tum off (and only Caine knows what else)
in order to become Sasha. But before doing
so, he supported his allies +Velya and
*Lugoj during the foundation of the
»Sabbat. In modern nights he has become
a totally degenerate, psychopathic monster
that should be destroyed on sight.


* wa Itherero, Kamiri: The name of this medi-
cine man who is said to possess incredible pow-
ets has already become a legend in Kenya
Countless efforts succeeded because of this man's
support and advice. He was called Kamiri the
Poisoner, and he was hired to poison others.
Kamiri apparently visited his victims and
warned them of their impending doom to give
them an opportunity to make good for any
wrongs they may have done to their enemies.
According to the lore of the African Kindred,
he was the first -+childe of Faqir al Sidi. Through
W. the history of his ->bloodline was passed on
in oral tradition. Eventually, he traveled to a
place that is called Mombassa in the modern
nights and was seen there last while meditating
on a cliff. Although he vanished over a thou
sand years ago, his deeds and his ideal have sur-
vived the ages. In modern times, any African
Kindred who resides near Mombassa tradition-
ally calls himself Kamiri wa Itherero.

ber of the ~Clan of Kingship; *1408, + 1432
First ~childe of Gustay >Breidenstein. >Prince
of West > Berlin since 1945. Prince of the reuni-
fied domain Berlin since 1998.

© Wanderer Clan: Old term for the Ravnos
from the Book of Nod. Alludes to the clan's no-
madic lifestyle

© War Party: A ->Sabbat ritual in which packs
and fearless individual Cainites compete with
each other in the hunt fora specific target. The
target is destroyed and the winner(s) drink(s) its
vitae.

© Warwick, Stanford: ->Nosferatu. First of the
members of Operation Longbow to reach the
coast of New England. Immediately after his ar-
rival, he began to build the so-called Web. This
Seventh Generation member of the Clan of
the Hidden belongs to the >progeny of -> Trajan
and is probably one of the most influential and
potentially most powerful Kindred in the
United States.

© Washington, D.C. : Capital of the United
States and seat of its government on the River
Potomac. Population: 755,000 (54% African
American). The metropolitan area boasts a popu-
lation of 3.1 million mortals

© Water: Appropriate to the vital importance of
W. for human life, people have been telling leg-

ends about how it was won and how precious it

is since ancient times. Its purifying, cleansing and
refreshing effects are especially admired. It is con-
sidered to be at the highest levels of potency dur-
ing holy times of the year or when it has been
blessed by a religious dignitary (see Holy sym-
bols: holy water). Its purifying and cleansing prop-
erties are said to offer protection from evil; one
myth claims that the running water of rivers and
wells cannot be crossed by our kind, for example.
W. is equally revered indoors. The peasants who
live near Liége spill water around their houses
on Christmas Eve; they believe that ratsand mice
cannot pass over these circles (maybe there is a
connection to holy water and its effects on ani-
mal >ghouls). Similarly, the first water taken to
the fields during a harvest is never drunk to the
lastdrop. The remaining water is then spilled into
three corners of the stable, so that mice have to
leave it by using the fourth corner.

In many places the dead are seen as demons one
has to protect oneself from without fail. Since
the bodies of the deceased are regarded as home
of the demons, a ritual cleansing is necessary af-

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

191


1790:

1863:

1900:

1999:

TIMELINE: WASHINGTON
TIMELINE

Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton.
selects a new site for a national capital on the
banks of the River Potomac, putting an end
to quarrels between the northern and south
€rn states about questions of voting and raxes.
Hisdecision is approved with the Resident Act

Surveyors confirm the site.

Congress approves designs presented by
architect Andrew Ellicott. Construction
begins. Ellicott resigns after only a year

Government moves into new capital during
administrationmof John Adams. Ac first,
there are no signs of ineféased ->Kindred
activity. A --Brujah prinée from neighbors
ing Georgetown, Arthur Carroll, declares
himself prince of both domains.

>*Meerlinda ~>Embraces the mystic Marissa.

3,000 British soldiers defeat 7,000 U.S
Militiamen at the Battle of Bladensburg.
Clan > Ventrue dominates the area, Kin:
dred-wise. The Brujah have takenithis lesson
toheart, so Carroll is allowed toremain prince.

1830-50: Work starts and stops on a nufnber of buildings,

including the Washington Monument:

Carroll is assasSinated. Marissa declares
herself prince

Washington has become one ofthe most
beautiful cities in the world/a capital blossoming
just as the nation expands its influence.

Massive iramigration of Kindred to Washington.

Marissa's paradise begins to crumble around
her, set off by the entrance of Marcus =*Vitel
of Clan Ventrue; Several, Brujah uprisings

Following the death of Martin Luther King
Jr, Brujah and Nosferatu tise up initidt

alongside the African American community.
Several Sabbat attacks. Vitel betrays Matissa

to ~archons of the »Camarilla looking for
thé *Tremere. After Marissa's destruction,
Vitel declares himself prince.

The Sabbat takes Washington. Vitel loses
his city to Sasha > Vykos and flees to Baltimore.

ENcYCLOpAeDIA VAMPpYRICA

192

ter having touched a corpse. If, during medi-
eval times, the W. in a pot on the stove had
boiled so that there was nothing left, people said
a poor soul had purified itself in it.

Healing anid mystical properties are attributed
to W. as well. In Lithuania, locals observe a spe-
cial ceremony to heal sick children: The healer
takes a mouthful of W. and spits it back into a
glass "in the name of the Father, the Son and
the Holy Ghost." Then, the sick child has to
drink the glass dry. Certain herbs are boiled in
W. in which a whetstone has been soaked to
prrvent a miscarriage, Homesickness is said to
be alleviated by drinking a glass of cold W. dur-
ing the move from one place to another.
Furthermore, W. is assigned a host of unhealthy
effects by folklore. Obviously, it has to be
handled with care — similar to >vitae — when
used. In the city of Walldiirn, for example, no
W. is spilled for nine days after the birth of a
child because people fear that local witches
could feel'insulted by doing: $0. It is asec said
that whoever heats W. without putting it to good
use boils the blood of his cattle or spells misfor-
tune for the family's youngest child (this could
be a superstitious reference toa thaumaturgical
ritual and its ingredients).

Finally, W, is used for purposes of divination:
A fine example is the measuring of W. during
the so-called "marriage oracle" practiced in me-
dieval Europe: A blindfolded girl had to draw
water with a scoop and transfer the fluid to a
larger vessel. No one was allowed to speak a
word while she was doing so. The scoop had
to be filled completely with every draw. If W.
remained in the smaller vessel after the girl was
convinced she had transferred all of it to the
larger vessel, she remained single; ifno W. re-
mained, she was allowed to marry. A young
mortal girl living in the Middle Ages also
watched rose petals swimming in a hand ba-
sin; if the petals moved to the brim of the ba-
sin, she would be able to make her fortune only
far from home.

© Wazirs: The so-called Council of 13 was the

upper echelon of the ~>Black Hand. It consisted

of the *True Hand's >Seraphim and served the
»Del'Roh in an advisory function.

* Way of the Ancient Lawgivers: »Gehenna
Cult founded in 1312. Its followers (who are
also known as Enochians) have long rejected
the notion commonly found among more ra-
tional Kindred that *Gehenna is an inevi-
table phenomenon: According to the


Enochians, one of the ways to avoid Gehenna
is to enslave mortals once again, just as they
were enslaved in the Second City. Since the
cult also wants to do so overtly, this opinion
isn't tolerated by the ->Camarilla. Therefore,
the members of this sect who also follow the W.
have to increase their influence over human-
kind in secret, at least for the time being. Bound
to their own dogma, they just cannot grasp the
idea that merely the existence of >thin-blooded
Kindred could raise the Ancients' ire.

© Whelp: A highly derogatory, condescending
and contemptuous term used by older >Kin-
dred to refer to one of their own ~*childer in
order to make it clear to the fledgling that
they are superior to him when it comes to per-
sonal power and wisdom

* Werewolf: Lupine

¢ Wild Hunt: ->Sabbat rite; one of the

»auctoritas ritae. Since treason is a rather rare
occurrence in the sect, this crime is punished
in a very special way similar to the blood
hunt the -+Camarilla practices. After the sen-
tence is pronounced, Sabbat —-Cainites from
all across neighboring cities are invited to par-
ticipate in the W. Once the W. has begun, the
participants liquidate not only the delinquent,
but also all of his potential accomplices with
any means necessary.

© Week of Nightmares: The one-week period
of the summer of 1999 in which Clan Ravnos
meta grisly fate. As had always been predicted
by those familiar with the prophecy of

»Gehenna, a mighty Ancient turned against
his ~childer, and his virtual omnipotence re-
sounded all around the world. Other supernatu-
ral powers and factions noticed his reappear-
ance and fell upon the Antediluvian. Three of
the oldest and mightiest -Cathayans (those
who are called ->bodhisattvas among their
kind) attacked the Ancient. Even a large and
powerful group of mages joined the fight that
eventually ended with the Antediluvian's de-
struction. At precisely that moment, most of
the Ravnos all over the world went mad and

succumbed to their -+Beasts due to the sudden
wave of hatred that swept through the Ancient's

»progeny. In the modern nights, perhaps only
about 100 Ravnos are left, most of them of con-
spicuously high generations.

¢ Witch-hunter: A mortal or some such look-
ing for Kindred to destroy.

* Wyncham, Thomas: Fourth Generation

Tremere. Important dates of life and unlife un-
known. Member of the Council of Seven. W.
is responsible for all activities of the Tremere in
the Far East. His predecessor in this office was
slain by unknown attackers, whereupon the
Briton W. was chosen as his replacement be-
cause the Far East was dominated by the British
Empire at that time. The results he has to offer
do not meet his fellows' general expectations
due to the heinous activities of the ~Kuei-jin.
In all likelihood, W. knows more about the

Kindred of the East than does any other
westerner. Even though W. officially resides in
Hong Kong, he spends most of the year some-
where in the countryside.

ENcycLopaeDIA VAMPYRICA

193

‘enough 10 7

is CLEVER
Avr ber Junk of 16, bE

be
wil SOON peripe From s
erty For $0


es

-

ankle it ow the SOP
Pinon hls mene re
sowing, gent

= = fe

rel. No other member of the

>Clan of the Beast enjoys a greater reputation

in our nights than this former ~>Justicar of Clan
Gangrel. This Seventh Generation

>Cainite
had already existed for countless nights when

conclave of the >Camarilla
on American soil in 1704 to hand over Elijah
— Justicar of Clan Gangrel at that time — to
the assembled dignitaries because the latter had
succumbed to his ~»Beast and had become a
menace to undead society. This deed earned him

he visited the first

the respect of the other justicars. He became an
rarchon and later on succeeded Elijah with the
title of Gangrel Justicar, which he would hold

EncycLopaepia VAMpYRICA

194

for the next three centuries. X. combines sev-
eral rare attributes with the archetypal Gangrel
wanderlust. Despite his age, he typically tries
to stay abreast of current trends in mortal soci-
ety, and his influence there would seemingly
suit a> Ventrue better than an elder of Clan
Gangrel. Even though the usual spate of jeal-
ous rumors about his person spread prodigiously,
he was highly respected by the Camarilla and
his clanmates. When he turned his back on
the Camarilla in 1999, most of the clan fol-
lowed him. Only Karsh, who is a traitor in
's eyes, and a few others remained in the
»sect. X. himself will not talk about the rea-
son for his sudden withdrawal, but I have heard
it is somehow related to the appearance of an
ancient Kindred (an --Antediluvian, accord-
ing to some rumors, though such gossip is fear-
fully quick to assume the worst in the Final
Nights). The former justicar and an unknown
number of other Gangrel seem to have opposed
this entity in combat and suffered a bitter de-
feat. Since the other clans of the Camarilla
were not willing to support him in his fight
against the Ancient, X. withdrew his own sup-
port and left the sect.

»Sabbat
>elder of Clan

Xipe Totec:
temala. This »Tzimisce num-
bers himself among the first members of the
Sabbat who use +Camarilla strategies and turn
them to their ~sect's advantage in the ~>Jyhad.
Even though most of South America is domi-
nated by the Sabbat, the Followers of Set's

Archbishop of Gua-

influence can be felt considerably, especially
in Guatemala. It is said that X. transforms the
local natives into ghouls by using —Vicissi-
tude, blood bonds and other unspeakable
means. He employs these minions to dispose
of the -»Setite plague. On the other hand, there
are several accounts of renowned members of
the Sabbat who have vanished mysteriously in
the region. Only microscopic traces of salt on
the remains of their bodies indicate that the

»Serpents may not be as stupid as X. thinks
them to be.

Xotli, the Toad: Mercenary of the ->Clan of
the Beast. Last seen in the conflict between

»Sabbat and ~Setites in Guatemala


 y Aragon, Maria: No other ~*Kindred domi-
nated the society of the Habsburg court like
the "Empress of the Night." Her passions were
devoted to parties, courtly etiquette, seduction
and intrigue. Went underground on October
31, 1917, and joined the ~Sabbat

* y Castillo, Callisti: -*Toreador. Virtually
nothing is known about the
Raphael de Corazon, though some rumors
¢laim that this name is nothing else than an
»Alexandria.

>sire of famous

alias for

Fifth Generation
»Methuselah of the >Tzimisce and member of
the ~Sabbat. Even outside his native Poland,
is considered an abysmally wicked and ruth-
less representative of his clan, which itself is
anything but renowned for the special charm of
its members anyway. His considerable influence
on eastern Europe, which had dwindled with
the fall of Communism, slowly returns to its
former levels. His attempts to lead a crusade
against the >Camarilla in eastern Europe ended
in heavy losses on both sides.

an Sea
rose to prominence in Kindred society during
the later half of the 20th century. Urged by

»Anushin-Rawan, the Clan of Kingship
bought the island and turned it into an extended
haven, an Elysium that knows no equal. Only
invited guests personally chosen by Anushin-
Rawan are allowed to enjoy this serenity,
though. All others are quickly turned away or
destroyed by the numerous guards, mortal and
undead alike. Anushin-Rawan allowed the na-
tives of the island to stay but has reserved large

© Yiaros: This small island in the A

parts of it for herself and her guests. Her pre-
mises include a giant manor in which her guests
can take delight in art treasures centuries and
even millennia old. Moreover, there are several
outbuildings in which the Kindred visitors can
have their way with numerous mortal servants.
Finally, the property boasts a renovated Greek
Roman thermal baths and a
nymphaeon. Furthermore, it is true that in the

temple,

extant gardens of the manor, strange beings ap-
pear from time to time who admire the beauty
of their design just like the undead guests do.
Apparently, these creatures (local tales suggest
they might be faeries) have been living on the
island for a long time and even interbreeding
with the native populace. All of this creates an
enrapturing and almost surreal atmosphere of
beauty and serenity that makes Y. so unique.
After ->Petrodon's destruction, Anushin-Rawan
invited the +Camarilla's + Inner Circle to hold
its meetings in her Elysium, an offer the —rel-
ders are considering at the moment. This recent
development will certainly contribute to the
already impressive status of the >Ventrue mis-
tress of Y.

ExcycropseDia VAMPYRICA

195

Wall, Bravos. ++ a ¢

fave taken my vec 5 fo

0 (4 [2 s Dine
say theres +» /\nushit
NKatran, Gill certainty ;
ensure that they endure the

passage of fie.


ea

Sree

This Kindred was a genius
FI am nol mistaken, it was
he who buill Georis for us,
and everyone knows how
defiant and powerful this
time-honored and
unshakeable chantry is

aia

ha fo." al.

¢ Zantosa: A ghoul family of Clan >Tzimisce.
The Z. always numbered among the less impor-
tant ghoul families of the Tzimisce. They are
weak willed and somehow awkward. In the
course of the centuries, many Z. have been
handed over to Toreador ~>antitribu or ~>Ser-
pents of the Light for various reasons: Some ru-
mors claim that the Z. guard an Ancients ha-
ven, a claim I reject because of its absurdity since
most of the renowned Tzimisce elders are con-
vinced that their founder was destroyed before
the -Anarch Revolt, just like the --Lasombra
progenitor.

* Zelios:
plished mason of all -Cainite society, this mem-
ber of the Clan of the Hidden is an excellent
architect whose skills have been put to good use
by elders all over Europe. He studied the
monumental buildings of Ancient Egypt and
traveled far to the East to learn the art of
geomancy. During his studies with the -Kuei-

Nosferatu. Probably the most accom-

Excyctopaepia VaMpyRica

196

jin, he apparently noticed an all-encompass-
ing pattern within his designs, and he increased
his building especially in
»Transylvania. He seems convinced that he
can bind the demon ->Kupala to Transylvanian
soil with his works erected on potent ley lines.
Transylvania has always been a grim place rav-
aged by -»Cainite strife unlike almost any other
place on Earth. Recent attempts by the
*Tzimisce to reclaim their ancestral home-
lands could lead to bloody battles on
Behind all these troubles, Z. recogr

activities

activities of a much darker entity that feeds on
dread and bloodshed. If he is right and the con-
flicts truly escalate in coming nights, this could
lead to the reawakening of a creature that
makes the threat Baba Yaga posed look like
child's play.

¢ Zillah: Also called "Zillah the Beautiful."
*Childe of Caine himself and his only
daughter. Sire of the majority of the clan
founders

* Zombie: 1. The walking dead, usually mind-
less automatons. — 2. The Clan of Death
— the old one as well as the new one — is
renowned for the ability of its members to ani-
mate the bodies of the recently deceased for
brief periods of time. These abominable crea-
tures, sometimes called zombu in what seems
to be a regional dialect, mainly serve as shock
troops or guards since they understand only the
simplest orders due to their lack of intelligence.
They compensate for this with their resilience
against physical damage; it takes some effort
to return them to their graves.


CAS

APPENDIA I:

HOW THIS BOOK
TO BE

CAME?

First, | want to thank those who have helped me assemble
the Encyclopedia Vampirica. Thanks to Aisling Sturbridge,
and forgive me for not telling you the true reason why |
needed your knowledge on House and Clan Tremere. I hope
the fragments from the Cappadocian library at Erciyes I sent
to you will appease your elders when they judge your can-
dor, By the way, I would have preferred you to see history
less through the rose-tinted glasses with which your clan
regards itself. Thanks to Aristotle de Laurent, who has
hunted me for centuries. These nights, one would be hard-
pressed to name a scholar and scientist more versed in ques-
tions concerning the Book of Nod and the spiritual, noetic
and philosophical concerns of the Kindred. I have especially
enjoyed working with him. Of course I also thank Lucita,
who granted us a closer look at the infamous Sabbat and the
Clan of Night. | owe all of you my sincerest thanks, as well
as my colleague Albertus Magnus from Cologne.

Tonight | sit here on the patio of my estate and cast a last
gaze across the soft black waves of the Mediterranean Sea.
Tomorrow, | will leave Alexandria for a long time, maybe
forever, and I feel my dead, cold heart cramp at this thought.
Too many memories, too many years of my existence are
linked to this beautiful old town. My writings and books as
well as the genealogy of the Clan of Kingship have already
been sent to Yiaros so they can be stored safely. My vassals
haye packed everything. The furniture in the house has
been covered with drapes, and at the door, a sedan waits to
take me to the airport. But the reason for this, for my de-
parture, still rests before my eyes. My last work: the Ency-
clopedia Vampirica.

Encyctopsepia VAMPYRICA

The question why I risk everything to publish this volume is
difficult to answer. While the work was written, many events
shook the undead world in quick succession, and we have
more than one reason to believe or to fear that the Final
Nights are indeed at hand. The Sabbat has reared its ugly
head and devastated many a domain in the New World. A
Kindred of untold power has awakened and was destroyed,
and most of its clan followed it to the grave, and though no
one liked them, it is an epic loss to see a whole clan fall
within a few nights. The Clan of the Beast united under
Xaviar's flag, and one of the seven pillars of the Camarilla
crashed when the Gangrel left the sect. The realm of the
Restless Dead was shaken by an incredible catastrophe that
reportedly destroyed most of its geography. Witch-hunters
emerge everywhere and exhibit tremendous powers we have
never been confronted with before. The Time of Thin Blood
has come, and numerous young ones meet the Final Death
on all fronts.

I spent my whole unlife researching the plans of the eldest
of our kind. What I found was a vast tapestry of manipula-
tion and domination spanning the centuries. This tapestry,
if ] may call it thus, has no plan, no goal. It has no inner
pattern. It is an ongoing, bitter fight against each other that
has no foundation. Still it is fought, and even in these nights,
kine, neonates, ancillae and elders die in it. Is it truly our
nature to oppose each other? Or does more perhaps lie hid-
den at the bottom of this eternal Jyhad than all of us sup-
pose? In the end, I saw one thing in these seemingly point-
less struggles. Enemies lurk, out there in the night, that we
are not aware of at all. The kine are only the beginning, and

rae ca

197

— S
Sea ss aed

4


4 + )
Fa,

CAD

the numerous hunters in the Final Nights are the first wave.
We face great changes, and maybe we even stand at the bor-
der of the Last City,

Now, there are two reasons that made me put together this
book you hold in your hands. For millennia, we Kindred
have faced vast campaigns of calculated misinformation and
propaganda, and it grows increasingly arduous to discern lies
from truth. The Camarilla has spread its share of rumors
about the Sabbat for more than five centuries now, and the
Sabbat does the same with its arch-nemesis. The Inconnu
have guarded their secrets and existence for more than 2,000
years now, and these are only the most well known of the
sects. I do not even want to begin to speak of the bloodlines
like the Samedi and the Jocastatians, the many Gehenna
cults and all the others. They all spread rumors, specula-
tions and lies as truths.

We have boldly come into anew millennium, and the heads
of the neonates, the ancillae and many of the elders are full
of lies and misinformation someone has made up to distract
them from himself and his allies. Whatever Gehenna may
look like once it comes — the less we know, the worse our
chances — knowledge is power, especially.in our society,
and many could learn a thing or two from the Hidden Clan
in that respect. The book you are reading is an encyclopedia
of our history, of the clans, the bloodlines, the sects, the
most influential Kindred, the most terrible monsters, the
laces,:the ideas and the philosophies, It is not all encom-
passing, for no single work about the Kindred, who are mas-
ters of manipulation and deceit, could claim such. But it is
as close to the truth as possible at this date. I personally
spent two millennia gathering some of the information I
publish here. It took Aristotle de Laurent, Lucita, Albertus
Magnus and Aisling Sturbridge no small amount of time and
effort as well, and probably it will cost us all our existence in
the end. Still, nothing was changed, nothing was censored

— everything in here is as it was written, including all an-
notations, as the bloodstains on some pages prove.

Which leads us to the second reason why I decided to pub-
lish the encyclopedia. This reason is a personal one, but it
can serve as a hint on how to use the knowledge gathered
here. In my ages of research, I have not only encountered
allies. The opposite is true; | made many dangerous and pow-
erful enemies who feared 1 knew too much. My blood-feud
with the Mnemosyne is old history. The Jocastatians hunt
me to devour my soul through the Amaranth in hopes of
growing closer in their spiritual quest for knowledge about
the Dark Father. The Black Hand and the Inconnu, I am
certain, watched my every step for fear I had stolen their
secrets from them. And now I've made all of their fears and
nightmares come true — everybody shall be able to read
what I know about them all.

The old saying that the Kindred is his own worst enemy is
no longer valid, anyway. I stopped being afraid of the hunt-
ers within our ranks long ago. After all, they can only de-
stroy me. I can still hope that my soul will not be damned
forever and that the eightfold path remains open to me,
should I be destroyed. There are other powers out there in
the darkness, powers that finally made me play my own small
role in the macabre game we call the Jyhad. The times are
changing increasingly quickly, and faster than is good for
any of us. I am done. The manuscript before me will now be
put into the hands of loyal vassals who have already been
instructed how to deal with it. For me, the only hope that
remains is that | could bring knowledge to my esteemed read-
ers and answer many of their questions. Unfortunately, I will
not be around to say more myself, at least not for quite a
while. Tomorrow evening, | will already have holed up, but
after this work, I will hardly be forgotten. I wish all of you
luck and a long unlife. I have nothing more to say.

Pax,

ENcycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

198


u 4 "| ay =
2 TT Teet ee TMM TT eT TTT TAT orem,

el SER OTS EROEY

ExcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

199


APPENDIX II:
BIOGRAPHIES

IONTIUS

Looking back now, it is hard to explain what exactly made his
sire Embrace Iontius, if it really was the founder of Clan Torea-
dor who led the young Greek into the night. Was it his graceful
body, his wavy blond hair, the angelic voice or his sympathetic
ear to the woes and worries of all those whose heart nurtured a
desire that is hard to capture in words? Modern Kindred will
probably never kno

Soon, lontius made a name for himself as an artist and patron of
fumerous talented, promising mortals. His extensive travels took
him from Europe's west coast to the golden lands of Cathay. There
it is said he learned from the secretive Kindred of the East how
to feed from mortals without having to drink their blood. Just
the heavy, impassioned breath of kine in the act of lovemaking
is said to be enough to feed Iontius these nights. It is rumoured
that blood cults prayed to him as an avatar of the different dei-
ties of love in all four corners of the world.

In the Middle Ages, Iontius rendered the faces of many el-
ders and Methuselahs with various techniques and on a wide
variety of media. Several icons of the Dracon are among his
most famous works from that era. On‘a'stay in Paris during
the Renaissance, he became acquainted with Aristotle de
Laurent and Albertus Magnus, who even then toyed with the
idea of creating an illustrated genealogy of the children of

cgiinanhaiaaiced: 2

the Dark Father. After many centuries of exhausting research,
their efforts were spoiled by the French Revolution, during
which Iontius suffered the greatest loss imaginable: the love
of his unlife, a noble Giovanni whom he is said to have met
in the 17th century ata secret Sabbat ball, met his Final Death
in the chaos of the revolution. In his rage and anger, his dis-
appointment and despair, Iontius betrayed many French
Sabbat members to the Camarilla archons

During the next two centuries, lontius indulged his most sinis-
ter desires until Aristotle de Laurent managed to find him in
San Francisco in 1997, where he catered to mortals looking fora
very special form of entertainment under the name of Derrick
Zeel. The sage managed to gain the artist from the Clan of the
Rose as an illustrator again, this time for a project even more
ambitious than a simple genealogy. lontius worked under enot-
mous time pressure and mostly from memory, which is why he
denounces most of his recent works as sketches and early stud-
ies. The authors of this encyclopedia are more than satisfied with
the results of his efforts, though

As with all other Cainites his age, rumours and legends con-
cerning the Greek abound. Some even claim he was the true
progenitor of the Clan of the Rose.

- EncycLopaepia VaMpyRica

200


BINDUSARA

This Sixth Generation Ventrue was born around the time of Tshandragupta in Pataliputra, India, as a member of the Kshatrya
(warrior) caste. Neither his sire nor the circumstances of his acquaintance with the young warrior are known, but as Tshandragupta's
grandson, Ashoka, ascended to the throne and founded the first great Indian empire, the Ventrue Methuselah was already at his

side, He did not concern himself with the political intrigues of the time for long, however. Again, we can only guess at his reasons,
but it is most probable that he might have met the great historian of the Clan of Kingship, Ea Adapa, in {
these early y

ars and become her pupil

Bindusara became a watcher and researcher of Cainite his-
tory. With his mentor, he reached the Roman Empire and

there watched over historians like Cato, Polybios and
M. Terentius Varro, Julius Caesar's librarian. He trav-
eled more than most others of his clan, undertook and
ations

financed exce and invested in the end

avors
of grave robbers. In Erciyes, he studied the Book of
Nod with the help of the Cappadocians. In Egypt, he
visited Neferu's Fire Court to find answers to his ques
tions. While many Kindred claim the Ventrue to be
motivated only by lust for power, they could accuse

Bindusara only of being dominated by his thirst for knowl-

edge and understanding.

The Ventrue.spent more than two millennia studying and

understanding the history of the Kindred. He looked for pat-
tetns in the Jyhad and tried to find clues to decipher the iden-
tity of the true puppeteers in the eternal struggle. And with
each passing century, his fear of what he slowly started to un

derstand grew

His papers and reports on the history of the Kindred led to
him earning the highest regard in the Clan of Kingship, for
they are said to be the most reliable available. Although his
lineage is still a secret, countless Ventrue have studied
his writings or visited him in Alexandria, his ha-
ven of choice, to learn about their own lineage.
But a man of his knowledge and age has many
enemies. His legendary rivalry with the
Mnemosyne is known throughout the clan,
but the Jocastatians and the Inconnu, too,
took note of him for the very same rea-
son: he knows too much. Behind his at-

rogant fagade and his pedantic attitud
the learned Ventrue Methuselah
hides a palpable fear
these nights.

ExcycLopaeDIA VAMPYRICA

201

CAH

ARISTOTLE DE LAURENT

The French genius and intimate associate of Francois Villon, Prince of Paris, was born in 1101, in the
middle of the so-called Dark Ages, in the city where he still resides tonight. As the only son of
the conservative, choleric merchant Maximilien Lucien de Laurent, who traded in metals
and headed his family as a typical patriarch with sometimes uncompromising severity, but
in most cases with loving care, Aristotle soon turned to knowledge. Aristotle's family was
rather small for the time, as he had only one sister, Agnes.

With burning ambition and full of scholastic dedication, he drank in every word of Pierre

Abélard, the philosopher, theologian and scholar who taught at the Sorbonne, and visited
his crowded lectures together with hundreds of other students from all over the known
world. Abélard's ideas and his enthusiasm for the Greek Antiquity and its philosophi
ideals influenced the young sage even before his acquaintance with the Kindred,

The time of his Embrace and his initiation into the Kindred's grim world is mostly shrouded
in mystery. It is suspected that the Frenchman belongs to a secretive bloodline known as
the Mnemosyne, whose name derives ftom the mother of the Greek muses and goddess
of memory. This bloodline, probably a mixture of Malkavian and Gangrel blood, is
driven by an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, a manic search for information coupled
with the capacity to boldly associate all possible fragments of information to reach new
connections, an ability to think in patterns that sometimes unearths astonishing new
insights

It is rumoured that Aristotle de Laurent was somehow connected to the Greek
Ancient of the Clan of the Moon called the Dionysian. This would explain
his enthusiasm for classical Greek formation and ideals
and the name of the bloodline that was founded by
de Laurent, if you believe the rumors from the time
he was Embraced. The claim that the Mnemosyne
aspired to reach Golconda, thinking they could ob-
tain this mystical state of enlightenment by hoarding
all knowledge present in this world, comes from the
same, usually well-informed sources.

In the course of the last eight centuries, Aristotle de Laurent
has become the most famous Noddist of the Camarilla. With

the help of a very capable trio of undead researchers — the mad

Malkavian prophet Anatole; the Lasombra Lucita, whom he met
immediately after her Embrace in Paris; and later the learned Gangrel
Beckett, who is occasionally assumed to be Aristotle's childe — he has
collected many fragments from the Book of Nod. Thereafter, Aristotle pub-
lished them in a very small print run for esteemed fellow Noddists after add-
ing many illustrations concerning the topic. In doing so, de Laurent found

himself caught between archaeology and adventure that threatens his very
existence. His work was received with mixed feelings among the Kindred,
but de Laurent remained characteristically nonplussed.

Two bitter feuds have handicapped de Laurent for a long time. One of them,
the one against the Ventrue sage, genealogist and initiator of this work,
Bindusara, whom the Mnemosyne bloodline hunts mercilessly, has not only
been settled — at least on a personal level — in the meantime, but also has
given way to boundless professional admiration, even camaraderie. What
remains is the much more dangerous rivalry with Sabbat priscus Sascha
Vykos of Clan Tzimisce, who is a noted Noddist as well and hunts for the
same fragments. Only time will tell whose ambition as a researcher will
finally prevail

ENcyCLopaepIa VAMpYRICA

202


LUCITA Y ARAGON

The daughter of Alfonse I of Aragon, Lucita grew up privileged but chafed under
her responsibility to her father and family. She thought of patricide many times
and often ran away, only to be caught by the Aragonese guards and returned

to her father's custody. Rather than bother with disciplining the girl him-

self (as king, he had better things to do), Alfonse shuffled her off to con-

fession each time, trusting that God and church would engender peni-

tence in his daughter, The fact that her confessor was Ambrosio Luis

Moncada made this hope a vain one

Mongada recognized an indomitability of will in young Lucita,
and a fierce independence. These traits — combined with his
unholy lust for her — convinced the bishop that her Embrace
was warranted. After talking with others of his clan, Mongada
decided that the Lasombra would greatly benefit from this in-
dividual of high birth

After her Embrace, though, Lucita's relationship with her clan

was hardly idyllic, She struggled with Mongada just as she had
struggled with her mortal father, craving autonomy and free

dom. Although she serves Mongada dutifully as a diplomat and
anoble (she is rumored to be the power behind the throne of the
current King of Aragon, Peter II), she is more at home on the road
with her traveling companion Anatole, who inspires in Lucita more
faith in God than the degenerate Mongada ever could

For over eight centuries now, Lucita has observed a rigorous training regi-

men to unify the warrior abilities of the nobility and the dirty tricks of the
streets within herself and hone them to perfection. With Fatima al-Faqadi's
help, she used both to exact reveng inst her sire two years ago. In a

grotesque turn of fate, however, Lucita has recently taken up her sire's work

in the Sabbat, having decided that its personal gravity is far more impor-
tant than the illusions of independence she clung to for so long.

EncycLopsepia VAMPYRICA

203


Gags

ALBERTUS MAGNUS

Albertus Magnus had been what the kine call a resplendent personality when he was still
mortal in the Middle Ages. In Kindred society, he is said to be one of the wisest sages of
the Cainite race. He was born in Lauingen under the name of Albert of Bollstadt. As
a child, he was placed under the Dominicans' care by his family and later studied

theology in Padua. Later still, he traveled through all of western Europe and spent

several years in Bologna and Paris. There, the young scholar is said to have
attracted the attention ofa great scientist and
philosopher among the Kindred: Aristotle
de Laurent: De Laurent's plans for the
German prodigy were spoiled, however,

N)

when Albertus was called to Cologne
in 1228 to serve as the Dominicans'

master lecturer. In Cologne,
Albertus became teacher and
mentor of one of the most im
portant thinkers and theolo-
gians of the time when he took
Thomas Aquinas under his
wing. In 1245, Albertus returned
to Paris to teach at the Sorbonne,
where he was Embraced by Procet,
a childe of Critias, in 1248, At that
time, the sobriquet "Clan of Schol-
arship" was still a fitting one for
the Brujah, and Albertus had a
clever mind and was open to the
world, qualities that made him al-
most irresistible to his sire. Albertus
"lived on" for more than 30 years,
though, before faking his own death af-
ter his old confidant de Laurent had per
suaded him during a journey to Paris that
the contrast between his unbroken vitality
and his seeming old age would inevitably lead
to a conflict with witch-hunters. As one of
only a few Brujah with influence in the church
(Albertus was Bishop of Regensburg), he proved
» Ulfila, the Ventrue
guilty for the atrocities of the

an unrelenting rival to Fabriz
whom many see a!

Spanish Inquisition. If there had been more reason-
able Kindred and fewer scheming plotters like Ulfila
in the church's ranks, Cainite and maybe even mortal
history might have turned out different

In the Final Nights, ramors abound about Albertus, whose ha-

ven still lies in the domain of Cologne. He is said to act as an adyi-
sor to the Camarilla's Inner Circle, to be a confidant of the Founders
and one of the few Kindred whose faith in God remains unshaken even
after the Embrace

ENcycLopsenia VaMpynica
204


soz

voruadmvA viawdo1242NQ

‘AM UMO Jay BuIOS uodn sasisut YM ouO jo ajduexd ue ayeuT O7 aAey Jj AvUT
dota] atp ‘e2uaNyUT sJopisino ue jo yNsar e se 10 sysNoIO aary ay Jo ANUEYD ayp
UIE Woy JayiaYA\ *paiser aq paapul ]]M\ Ayedoy sSuyysry :awoo o2 sIYsru UT UTED
st Sump auQ ‘2outd aq 02 10u sazisop umo 19y Aq paduaplaa se ‘UOUUED Asoo] & st SUNSTY
‘prend pjo au jo esoaas jo suoruido ayp Uy ‘aaulazy, ayp jo syuer asaysty oy) Suoue
9q JBUYP sIaMOd ay} JO [RIBAS are ‘aAAMOY ‘sed JaxJep B UI ss9d9ns sTYp Jo TE SuLMaTA
ay Aaueynsut aiouier], jPuOIpeN ayp jo Yonw Surmaypse ‘aouersisse 10} paapury JayLo
(pla syeap Supjeu mnoge styenb ou umoys sey ays "UeTD aUp jo ano pue UI spudtay paoed
-Ysry jo Jaquinu e sey ays pue

‘sjuaSai rejndod pue s1weudp asour ayp Jo au0 st 34g
WI2909 BUM YIN Jay YIM oO} uNSaq aavy syuLI JBYsIY ayp Jo ows Apus2ay

"MOU U9Ad WHY JO P1OM 10} YDzvas 0} sNUTUOD ays "YON NASep s.ua!oN7 jo
paeay 40 3]9} ay pjnom ays rey ureWaD "UEP atp jo ano pue ut tpog ‘spouted ay2 uO
selpnas 2anntuyep ay) Suowe urewel snuenby jo asy oy) pue ssuesy Ayuedoy
ayp UO sauEUSUNWOD sJurshY JOY IDeNsIp YS! a ey sadoy YIM "voudWY
02 squ9Te} sueWIOM BuNoA ayy pauiny oym epulpaayy sem 31 ‘sdissod [aAa|-i0d
-dn uteui92 01 BuIprosdy *[OuNED Jouuy ayp Aq wry uaals A]pasoddns quourusis
-se ue Suranp Sursstur yuam Ajadnige uorueduwios aumSuo] pue ams 194 ‘Qh6] Ul

ssapyyne} Sem SaLNULYD pa|nequia so sainsean
aup aasasoid 07 spies sre SuuNp Y1om Jay TYAo ay uO ang ‘s1oLIadns Jay 03 a]qe

A1a]OIUT Sem DUNITAI 2B] AYR YAM 904 s.azawaL], ayp Jo BuruONsanb say ‘puey

due UO 41ay YK Op 02 YM apmdap 10U PINo> UsYo ssoyjd YsrY UF spud}
JB} "Uapsaiq] pue Moyery ‘este, "Bioquiainyy ur sauueyS ay papus
Bursty se spouiad Zuo] 40} way) pareredas {7 18/4) pyo/y "Stapso |lounog
Jouuy Uo SuNeFsoau pue soueiqy ANUeYD SuIpying ‘sa_UEYD. U92AI0q
soSessou SuLaAlap ‘squase aay se paasas aed ay ‘Os 10 SIA QE IX9U OY IOI

Ue] OUP JO sad AY? JoaUU oO pue aoeIqUIg
9Y? JO} BUUDIA 03 194 IYSNOIg ay ‘paysies sem ay Vay \ "aoUIaI], vse ssa
AY oy 38a2 Ajrasdas 02 aseq a]ppry aya pue adoang Jo sno papuaixa
ur uo pue ‘dsvid s,4ajmorp pue Uopuo] Woy Aeme I9y 400 ‘Aue
-Soad yenuaiod se Suyjsry Suuapisuod Apearye ‘uaion7 ‘ades 01 11
qns ays 1etp puewtap kB sem 3} ‘aDUASSA UT "UEWIOA\ I9[TVIg IXoUL
sly awodeq Buysry erp parsanbas "drysrepoyps say Aq uoTUaI
Ak q0ul 1ey SUNIL pur sauaishw sHauUaY ayy UT UY

Surddinsino sem sorunt sty sak AueW os 418 e Ie~P paie1
Aiquia Apuaredde Kajmorp 4916] Uy ‘s1uEpytod asop> awe
-2q Om dU pue ‘UO}S 2oun9s v SULINp Joy IU ‘UEssednEWy ap
uaiony ‘aq

as Jay ‘s1ayI0 Aq paooUUN OF ou pip s2uEN |G Ap] AopMOx
Jaisla]y JO asoui Suypnjour ‘soda AueM ataup drysiejoyps ajquyzeur

1 Joy pue
‘quaos 21N290 yA oIUy JJasiay pauiasur Suysry ‘uopuoy] Ainquad-ay240-WIN) UT

"UOpUOT JO BdUapPerap ay} JO} LIYSULY ULIIOIDIA, pouOpuege pue pury
isn 194 YOO pearsuy SuyJsty "Jools Ystuy o3 Jay palapio pure UMOP 100} 9A129]]09 419Uf1
ind Aap "yansautos 10 Qa1sog pauarysijuq,, Ue OWT UOHeIAU! Ue BUNdaade sem Fuysty
qwy) pura 208 Aypeuy Aprurey ss9ypour Jay Lay "19 aBeusar v YIM SuNestuNUTUOS aiom
fay kept ap] pey WoYa jo AuEU ‘sasT]N990 Jo oquinU e YAM papuodsaiio> pue s9IUe9s
papuone ays ‘Suipear woy apisy <(4ay 10} sY0oq MoLI0g O2 JayI0Ig Japja 49y Papens
aad ays) Areaqi] youny> ayp woy sixaq 3yN920 peal 02 YaerH pue UNIT Jessy 3Yysne
aYg "our wea] 01 Aressazau aq pjnom paaaijeq ays Joaareym paipmas pue Sursuugqdn
ayoUeD Joy YyBnomp wsisnskur premor payaess suysry ‘wopeay jo pouad Huo] sy
Suung] 9y ase Oy sidwiane suonejas Sur|ppaw 59pm sty ampud uetp Joye sIayoIg 194
{ptm uapdoy v ayq] Pym UNL JaysNEp sty 19] 07 asoYD J>YpEy JAY pue ‘oan sem Suysty Uoya
PeIp A yoUt 19} "AFM Sty pue JayuEg e o1 JOA MAN areasdn ur Q6g] UI WHO sem SUIS

AD CIYAYNLIS ONTTSIY :


APPENDIX II:
ADDENDUM

Dear readers,

On the following pages, we present you with some additione
writings that a messenger from my colleague Beckett delivered
to my study literally at the last minute. After reading them
thoroughly we thought it was impossible from a scientific point
of view to keep these documents from our ésteemed readers.

Judge for yourselves.

> digs a2 sic 7 OE ie
¢ 0


Qristotle—

Fist and foremost, Rill the measenger. She veads Snochian and I
don't trust her not to end word of thio back to hex filthy Dhabi
poral SUll ohe's the only one GicoeP mistecon tdchnheal isle
and § didn't have time to translate this into something feos... public.

F know F don't need to tell you what this is. My guess ia that it
comes fan the Chronicle of Caine, and it appears lo fil between pages
50 and 52 Jerse ° Sa ae manuscript. (Gpart fiom the epigzam,
of course; S have no idea where that fito, but I suapect the close of the
Qheonicle Wf Senta

Scant tell you the dreadful feeling this puls in my withered stomach,
but Fm owre you #underotand coon enough. J footnoted thia thing
bo the beat of my ability in the six nighta S had with it, but S'm

sure your knowledgeable eye will assiot you in turning oul a more

complete annotation.

Ba to where S found it: Iurckey. (Enjoy the grape leaves, if you can,
that will axxive with this.) St rested at the bottom of one of the
Anatolian underground cities, which waa apparently overlaid with a
ward againot our kind — Okuloo haa been unable to heave the last
portal, and he saya there are a hundred mummified corpses at the level
oe the bottom. $m working desperately to get him out, but I

‘On t want this to wait another moment.
Pare tell me this is a hoax. Pease.
— Beckett
Foat-scriptum: S haven't shown or mentionedthia to Eucita, and J
ouggeat you take the came precaution, at feaot until Enatole's latest

fever oubaideo.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA VampYnics

207


ENcycLopaepia VAMpyRICA
208


THE WORDS OF CAINE
AFTER THE DELUGE
The time has come,
My Children,
For me to bid the night goodbye.
\ But know that I do not leave you.

Await the time when I join you again'
After you have learned the wages

f

Of your vanity, sin and-pridez
And mark well the heralds of my return
' For I do not leave the affairs of my Rouse

To be tended by the Children of Set?

a.

ENCYCLOpAeDIA VAMP¥YRICA es

209

AT LILITH'S BOSOM

And I traveled for a hundred years' before I found

My father's first wife ;

Whose blood I drank rie

And yet she was Awake still.° 3
"I must talk to the One Above," I said /

And she smiled. a
"Talk to Him," she'said; A

"But know that he has turned his back on you F
For your sin." WY
os z ;

At this I cried thirteen tears of blood
And named them as each fell

When Lilith said:

"Why do you call our children's names?®

They cannot
And will not

ENcycLopaeDia VAMpYRICA
210

ENcycLopsepia VAMPYRICA
211


THE WORDS OF CAINE
BEFORE ENTERING THE FARTH

And I grew tired,
My dead heart heavy with all that I had done.

So I pledged to sleep umtil my wrongs

Had righted themselves.'

With Lilith's knife, I cut myself" and sang:
"From these open wounds a

Life shall come from death~ TEN
As the last daughter ay
Bearing the‘ma The mop ms,
Sends [Lasombra's] bane to the ashes, "
Sends [Gangrel's] brood to the cold stone," ™

Infests [Nosferatu's] den with [snakes] and strikes down his wife,"

And pierces the rest of my grandchilder

With the fires of the wise." aoe y
At these words, I sank 7
Embraced by the cold arms of =
Lilith'sgarden.

Please, [God]

Erase my folly

And end this.' XN

GgiGha ee > EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

212


Excyctopseia VAMPYRICA

213


eo EPIGRAM, ‘ 4
On the Jast st night, the eve of Gehenna, -
All oft Caine race shall Know of God's ju

J This suggests to me that we may face not only

one Gehenna, but two. Nothing else I've seen makes
reference to Caine's return, only that of the Antediluvians.
As you will see from the rest of this ,,missing signature,"
Caine is none too happy with his descendants, and it
sounds like whatever is left after Gehenna may be in for
an apocalypse of its own.

Has Caine chosen torpor because he wants to
teach his renegade grandchilder a lesson? Everything we've
seen prior to this suggests malaise. Again, this sounds more
like anger — almost like he knows the treachery
subsequent generations will inflict upon other Kindred.

3 Once more, this sounds as if the First Vampire

plans to return and take an account of the Reckoning left
after the Antediluvians' return.

, These must be Biblical years, of a duration

unknown to us, as this would place Caine's confession
well into the epoch of the Second City were this
translation to assume lunar years.

sn

Awake still? Implying that she still has knowledge
of the arcane arts that imparted our Disciplines unto us?
Why would Caine believe this knowledge to be temporary?
You are better versed in the lore of Lilith than 1 — does

judgement :

the Lilin view subscribe to a waxing and waning of
potency? Is this perhaps a reference to a feminine cycle of
ability akin to menstruation?

e As if this document doesn't present enough ill

omen with regard to the father's return.... Correct me if
I'm wrong, but this seems to suggest that the lesser
generations are products of the union of Caine and Lilith.
T am unfamiliar with any proven record that the Curse
may be passed on through anything other than the
Embrace. Indeed, we are dead! Our organs do not contain
the spark of life necessary to procreate. Surely (he couldn't
be bothered to record the names he spoke, could he?)
this alludes to Lilith's other ,,monster" children. Please
tell me this is the case.

This passage contains previously unknown
allusions to some sort of carnal or Biblical relationship
between Lilith and Caine. | may misunderstand the
context in which the word is used, but even ,,our children"
from the prior footnote may be used symbolically. This
usage inclines me to believe otherwise, however, which
is not precisely a comforting thought.

4 This obviously places Caine's exile from Nod at

some time following Satan's own banishment from Heaven.

EncycLopsepia VAMpyRICA

214


i Here the transcript returns to Caine as a tragic

figure, breaking away from the ,,angry sire" exhibited in
the last two passages. The context suggests that as time
passed, Caine's anger subsided. The shift is too radical
and too quick to be so easily dismissed, however, which
casts doubt upon the credibility of the scribe in this case.
Yet, as I'm sure you can tell, all of the pressed platinum
disks date to the same period. Have I read this incorrectly?

a To bleed out all his vitae in preparation for torpor.

A bit dire, but again, he wears his sorrow as a weight upon
his shoulders.

us 1 interpret ,,Lasombra's bane" as the anarch who
committed the Amaranth upon that terrible individual. I
believe he is known as Gratiano, and have begun inquiries
into his whereabouts (unless he exists only as ash as of
this writing...).

This reference has no precedent. What is the
ycold stone"? I'm sure the other Mnemosyne and Gangrel
would love to know, so we can stay the hell away from it.

Excycropsenia

215

ity

Could Nosferatu's wife be the Baba Yaga? It is
popularly accepted that she has indeed met her end.
Accounts of that tale also attribute her demise to the efforts
of ,dragons," which are certainly serpentine enough to pass
as snakes for the purpose of this individual's sensibilities. A
Lupine acquaintance of mine has passed me a corroborating
tale that leaves.a gaping hole in Russia's terva firma. I have
already sent word to Lucita to investigate (though I didn't
tell her any of the circumstances).

Another. oblique choice of words, particularly

given that fire doesn't typically pierce, but rather burns.

ps In almost every other occurrence of reference to

the Almighty, the scribe (if indeed it is not Caine who
recorded these words) names the ,One Above." In this
instance, however, the document clearly identifies the

Hebrew YHVH.

16

Once more, the anguished Caine pleads his case,
and this passage bears nothing that indicates the anger,
spite or bitterness of the previous passages.

VAMpyRica


oo
CREDITS

Written by:
Bindusara, Methuselah of the Kingship Clan Aristotle de Laurent, Elder of the Mnemosyne - Lucita y Aragon,
Archbishop of Aragon - Albertus Magnus, Elder of the Learned Clan - Aisling Sturbridge, Regenta Prima of the
Chantry of the Five Boroughs

Storyteller Game System Design:
Mark Rein® Hagen

Vampire and the World of Darkness Created By:
Mark Reine Hagen

) Developed by:
" Justin Achilli
Editor:
Jeanée Ledoux
Art Director:
Richard Thomas
Layout & Typesetting: Kieran Yanner
{ Interior Art: Thomas Berg, Timothy Bradstreet, A. Brubaker, Dennis Calero, Mike Chaney, Mike Danza, Birgit
} Daubmann-Probst, Guy Davis, Darryl Elliot, Jason Felix, Douglas Alexander Gregory, Tony Harris, Anthony
1 Hightower, Eric Lacombe, David Leri, Vince Locke, Larry MacDougall, Ken Meyer jr., Andrew Ritchie, Nick
X Ruskin, Alex Sheikman, Christopher Shy, Ron Spencer, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Andrew Trabbold.
4 Front & Back Cover Design: Kieran Yanner

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the
# — written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews and for blank character sheets, which may k
White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade
BR Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant wre regeterel
arks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse,
e Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Midnight Siege, Gilded Cage and
‘ Archons & Templars, Encyclopaedia Vampirica are trademarks of White Wolf
aN Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

reproduced for personal use only
ampire the Dark Ages, Mage the

1564 Litton Drive

Stone Mountain, GA 30083
USA

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge PUBLISHING

j to the trademark or copyright concerned

{ This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for entert
This book contains mature content. I

nment

eader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF

q Check out White Wolf online at
= http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
\

PRINTED IN CANADA.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

In assembling this volume, we were unspeakably fortunate to be able to collaborate with some remarkable
individuals: Master Archivist Richard Thomas, who is able to speak in glyphs; the artiste Iontius of the Clan of
the Rose, who let us use numerable works of art from his personal collection; Ms. Terry Land of the Order of
Virtual Adepts, who deciphered demonic data for us and the following children of the Ros

whose works adorn
our words: Thomas Berg, Timothy Bradstreet, A. Brubake alero, Mike Chane

Aike Danza, Birgit

| Daudmann-Probst, Guy Davis, Darryl Elliot, Jason Felix, Douglas Alexander Gregory, Tony Harris, Anthony |
| Hightower, Eric Lacombe, David Leri, Vince Locke, Larry MacDougall, Ken Meyer Jr., Andrew Ritchie, Nick
| Ruskin, Alex Sheikman, Christopher Shy, Ron Spencer, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Andrew Trabbold.

ExcycLopsepia VAMpYRICA

216

THE ROLL OF THE DAMNED

For centuries, the Kindred have bidden from the
wary eves of mortals. enigmatic creatures, the
Hindred ¢ efforts to uphold the Masquerade have
often succeeded even beyond thelr own desires,
and few of the pamned In the modem nights even
know those outside their Immediate domains. But
the fong and terrible bistory of the undead Is as

St and sweeping as the myriad Hindred who
make tt.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA VAMDPIRICA
INCLUDES

@ a thoroughly researched coffection of Kindred from
past supplements

@ Design sultable for use as a prop or as areference
volume

@ various other terms and concepts refated to the
Hindred, from amaranth to the zantosa

NEEAEG)

THE TJTASQUERADE

Lope

WW2440 $49.95 U.S.
ISBN 1-58846-227-7
| | 54995

PUBLISHING SCUWERT 9

£81588°462275
