# File: Ends of Empire.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Out—out are the lients —out all
And, over each quivering for
The curtain, a funeral pal
Comes down with the rush ofa storm
While the angels,


Credits

Written by: Bruce Baugh, Richard E. Dansky, Geoffrey C.
Grabowski and Ed Huang

Original Fiction by: Richard E. Dansky

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Additional Development by: Ed Hall

Editing by: Cynthia Summers

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas

Art by:Richard Clark, John Cobb, Mike Danza, Larry
MacDougall, Drew Tucker

Front Cover: William O'Connor

Back Cover: Mike Danza

Layout and typesetting by: Pauline Benney

Intern: John Chambers

Playtesters: Bryan Armor, David Bolack, Deird'Re Brooks, James
Kiley, Jason Langlois, John McGrady, Mikko Rautalahti, Eric Th-
ompson, William Van Meter and Dave Weinstein

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUITE 128

Special Thanks _

Jennifer Hartshorn, for the beginning.

Ed Hall, Ronni Radner, Carl Bowen and especially Cynthia
Summers, for editorial excellence.

Conan Venus, Matt Millberger, Katie McCaskill, Robby
Poore, Aileen Miles and Richard Thomas, for creating a look for
the game that was like no other.

Larry Snelly, Aileen Miles and Richard Thomas, for a su-
perb job of art direction.

The rest of White Wolf's Editorial and Development de-
partment, as talented and fiercely dedicated group of people as
one could ever hope to work with.

All of the authors and artists, too numerous to mention here,
who have given me — and you — their very best for so long.

The marketing, sales, warehouse and other folks at White
Wolf, past and present, without whom the books never would
have been born.

And most of all, all of you, for coming along for the ride.

Thank you.

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbid-
den, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the

Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Change-
ling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, The Cainite Heresy,
Buried Secrets, Haunts, Wraith Players Guide, Mummy Second Edition,
Guildbook Artificers, Guildbook Sandmen, Guildbook Masquers,

Guildbook Haunters, Guildbook Puppeteers and Pardoners, Guildbook
Spooks and Oracles, Ends of Empire, The Risen, Dark Kingdom of Jade, Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures, Doomslayers
Into the Labyrinth, Mediums Speakers With the Dead, Book of Legions, Renegades, Hierarchy, Sea of Shadows, Midnight
Express, Charnel Houses of Europe the Shoah, Year of the Reckoning and Dark Reflections Spectres are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf

Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA


The End of All Things: An intro
The Last Hour of ade
The Last Danse Macabre
By Charon s Oar:The History 0 [The et
Prologue to Remembrance: Guildbook Mnemoi
Appendix: Epilogues and Final Fates



The waves that wash over me are t quite wate, but they do until something wetter comes along m clinging to something that appears to bea ships beam
in the midst ofa stretch of ocean that cant be godforsaken because i honestly dont believe Gods ever lai eyes oni. m that thoroughly lost, and the waves are
getting bigger bythe minute icant drown, but | have a feeling that in afew minutes, thats going tobe small consolation.

To be honest, im arad in a way haven t been afraid in years. id swim, but theres nowhere to go. fi tay here, im doomed. if try to go elsewhere, it

doesn t get much bette.
itsnota good thing to be dead and all alone.

The Gran Gril not die wel.i dn t get to see much of it, having been "escorted belowdecks before we even got into cannon range, but i did manage to
see (and hear enough). Albert, my jailer-cunebabystter onthe trip out, had told me that our mission was simply to perform recon; we were to locate the black city
and chart acowse there, then tum around and head back to Styia. Unfortunatly the captain ofthe Gran Grinhad apparently not head those orders. Hed ordered
the gunners to their pots and gone in to tap atthe citys defenses. The ship must have been a majestic sight, the rigging fll of gunners and archers, the cannon
ports open, the crew taut and ready as a pack of leashed hounds

and then it all went to hell. One ofthe sentres on the wall spotted us and set ofthe alarms, and the ship was crushed. And i mean crushed i have no idea
what hit us, but i saw the timbers ofthe hull splintering under repeated blows from something unseen only seconds after the alarm was raised. Then something else
literally ripped the deck off -i didnt geta good glimpse at whatever it was because at that point i was moving my skinny dead ass out of there as quickly as
could hit the waves, and the lst sound i heard was a horible crackling as if someone were making a ist around a handulof cried twigs. found myself thinking
that perhaps a wooden sailing vessel might not have been the best choice fortis mission, and then the waters closed over my head and everything got dark.

Behind me, the Gran Grindied, this time forever.

i dot think what came nxt was Hawg Rather, twas a series of sions sl sank. isaac inthe Onyx Tower with the Deathlords arguing amonest thems.

Laven Lady saw me and pointed and theyal tured olook at metre to protest hat cdn know what was ding thee but the scene hfe. tole

ith, watchin Coldheart eions march witha of tebe antcipaton nthe tunel behind they, tine winged Spectres darted lik honeybees, ocasionaly picking of
ce of the solders and taking him off deeper int the maze he next image was ofa cataco, is wal ned with lions of pieces of paper. lone wath clad filthy rags, held up
a sap that had apparently fallen He sat there in his as and auehed in away that made me ala. After that saw aman — just aman a sight verweiht, unhapp looking Hrng
nan ithabotl onthe sft an an pty las inishard He nas wating or smeting ofthat much was, bore eo, vane het tingh sansa
fee, vasa woanae, ance asad ard carga ic tel at shcl se "Dont forget her,' she sad ome. ‘Don forget why your oumey began tied to call
oat to he oa her al he questions had hough on yeas ut hea wavered an became tanparent before | could peak sl word

Thenitall went Nakai again, and found mse breaking the surface nea alatng piece of, wel for ack ofa beter em, driftwood. thnks a piece of
the Gran Grin biti won t swear to it.The waters cold, in the same sort of way that oat that aloved one has cancer makes you feel cold. Off in the distance i
can see storm clouds bubbling up out ofthe water, presumably in the direction of that frowning city

ihave no idaho long ve been out hee it could be day, weeks moths pertaps ears. supet it bee at eas a ew days fom th distance fan hear vague
roses of bate, and that tells me that Stygasretumed tothe city nfoce, As much asi lathe te pricks who run the empire find mel hoping fora quick victory — for
thesake of al the solders inthe Legions, if noone else. Those sous are too important, each and everyone of them, to get sacrificed on the altar f the Deathlrds ambition.

Heh. {wonder what would happen if the Smiling Lord commanded an offensive, and no one came? it might be worth finding out

From a long way of, ican heara high, whining buzz it's annoying as al el, to be honest, and | wish the sound would cutout, but instead it ets louder:
look up and theese is, the harbinger of doom.

itsa plane, a simple propb plane. she got wing mounted engines anda body as squat and uly as death. Stes painted black, and her bom bay doors are
open, There a rising buzz from her target, where the Deathlords have sent in the rest oftheir airforce as cover fr this one one stragelr. She flies smooth and
steady into the fray, the same way id always imagined an angel would fly. The Tempest winds dont seem to touch her, silhouetted against the sky Shes headed
straight as an arrow and true asa promise for that black city, and when she gets there, shes going todo something horibl.

Assoon as see her, my gut clenches like a heart beating for the last time. The Deathlords are actually doing it. They ve taken the final step, God help us ll.

Then do something haven done since ici: pray. rom somenhere deep inside, ny tao ois. Ani {thatsnta sin othe eno the worl idon ho hati


The End of All Things:

An introduction

elcome to Ends of Empire. With this book,
\ Wraith: The Oblivion ends its current in-
¥4| carnation, at least for a little while. That
means that what you hold in your hands is
ty] the end of the tapestry. Here, all of the loose
ends (or at least all of the important ones)
3} get tied up. All of the stories find their ends,
or at least convenient places for their main characters to take a
little rest. This is the end of Erik's tale, and of the Road of Steel
and Souls. Here is where the fate of the black city is decided,
and that of Charon and Stygia as well. A great many secrets are
revealed, and hidden players unmask themselves. Treachery is
laid bare, as is deception, and the tragedy of the Mnemoi plays
itself out on the grandest stage of all.

There's more, though. Prepare yourself for a look at the
Ferrymen, their rituals and history, triumphs and failures. A
final look at the Yellow Springs as it prepares for war and con-
quest is also on the agenda, as well as an adventure through the
London Necropolis' darkest hour and into Stygia's last, best
and perhaps only hope.

In other words, there'sa lot going on here. So buckle up and pre-
pare for the last, wild ride through the Underworld, at least for now.

How To Use This Book

Ends of Empire is, to put it mildly, a crowded book. There's
material in here for players and Storytellers alike, and there are

8 Ends of Empire
% a RF SOT aL

some sections that Storytellers may not want players to read.
As such, players in particular may want to be careful about how
far they go into Ends of Empire, lest they inadvertently spoil
their own fun.

Furthermore, one might make with some justification the
claim that the book is something of a hodgepodge. A book's worth
of material on Ferrymen rests cheek by jowl with Guildbook:
Mnemoi, a lengthy adventure, fiction and a fair bit of Jade Em-
pire material. Why such a jumble?

There are two answers, one of them obvious. Simply put, if
not now, when? Those of you who've stuck by Wraith have earned
as lavish a farewell as we can produce, and that's why there's so
much stuff in here. Without knowing how long it's going to be
until the next Wraith book, if ever, we wanted you to have as
much to tide you over with as possible.

The other reason is that in its own way, each tidbit in Ends
of Empire is essential to the resolution of the story of Wraith.
The Ferrymen, the Mnemoi, the Jade Empire and even poor lost
Erik all play a part in bringing things round to their natural con-
clusion. Without them, the final threads of the tapestry would

be much duller.

Chapter by Chapter

Ends of Empire is organized in slightly different fashion than
most Wraith books. Because there are so many revelations in
here, the arrangement of sections is deliberate so as to keep play-
ers from stumbling across revelations that might hinder their en-
joyment of the chronicle "The Last Danse Macabre." It's a little


awkward, admittedly, but there's no other way to keep all of the
balls in the air until the time comes to let them drop.

The first chapter of the book is a final look at the Yellow
Springs on the eve of war. The chapter examines the Jade mili-
tary, as well as the political mood of the empire on the eve of
war. The final fate of Herr Holbein is revealed, as are the depths
to which Stygia's most famous traitor has sunk, and there is a
final look at the denizens of the Imperial Palace.

Second is "The Last Danse Macabre," a four-part adventure
that takes players through the most shattering events in Stygia's
long history. This section is for Storyteller eyes only, needless to
say. Players who read through it may get a few surprises, but they'll
spoil a lot of their own fun. The adventure moves from the Lon-
don Necropolis to Stygia and beyond, resolves many of the long-
tunning questions about Charon, and sets the stage for Wraith
chronicles that go beyond Stygia. The characters play pivotal
roles in fulfilling plans set in motion millennia ago — or in pre-
venting them — and the fate of the Dark Kingdom of Iron hangs
in the balance.

Next comes a section on the mysterious Ferrymen: their
history, powers and motivations. Included are rules for Ferryman
character creation, should your chronicle call for such, and a
detailed list of the initiations that a new Ferryman must endure.
The Ferrymen are a great deal more than just a travelers' aid
society, with roots in unexpected places and a mandate older
than Stygia itself.

Finally, there is Guildbook: Mnemoi. Mnemoi closes out
the story of the Guilds, bringing the Road of Steel and Souls full
circle. The section goes into much of the hidden history of the
Dark Kingdom of Iron, revealing why Charon banished the
memory-workers from Stygia all those centuries ago. Also in-
cluded are new Mnemosynis powers, Artifacts and other ways to
make Mnemos characters unique.

The book ends with an Appendix, which gives a brief run-
down of the final fates of many of the major characters from
Wraith's history, and also explains what the heck actually hap-
pened. Thumbnail sketches of the various Dark Kingdoms are also
included. Furthermore, there's material on running post-Ends of
Empire chronicles. Just because this is the end of the publishing
line doesn't mean it has to be the end for your story, after all.

Interspersed throughout the various chapters are the final
segments of the story of Erik, the wraith initially introduced in
the Wraith Players Guide. His story is now inextricably bound
up with greater matters, and he must play the role of Everywraith
even as the storms of history rage around him.

How Not To Use This Book

Ends of Empire contains a lot of surprises. A lot, Some of
them are mentioned in this chapter, some aren't. Some have the
potential, if passed around too early or maliciously, to ruin other
players' fun. Some make no sense out of context, and some can
be used as fodder for continuity wars.

Needless to say, ruining people's fun and ranting and raving
about how dreadfully unfair this is to the Nagaraja (who un-
doubtedly would have done A, B and C differently in order to
sink the entire Stygian fleet, defuse the relic nuke and steal the
Smiling Lord's tiddlywinks collection) is most assuredly not what
this book is about. Take it for what it is — a bushel of informa-
tion wrapped in adventure, all for the sake of tying off a veri-

table viper's nest of loose ends. There are no pro- or anti-agen-
das here, no attempts to make one Guild or faction or super-
natural species look better than another, and reading the book
that way will probably cause you to miss the point of all of this.

A Note on Plotting

Yes, all of this has been planned from the very beginning.
The timing of the revelations isn't what was originally planned,
but that's neither here nor there. Hopefully, after reading Ends of
Empire, you'll go back to other books you might have read and
have fun seeing where the clues and seeds were planted. (A hint:
The whole thing is actually tucked into the fiction in Guildbook:
Artificers, if you know where to look.) Happy hunting.

A Note on Timing

Much of the material contained in Ends of Empire con-
cerns itself, of necessity, with the way groups like the Mnemoi
are organized before the events of "The Last Danse Macabre."
This is for one very good reason: You can run an infinite number
of games before you go through "The Last Danse", but once you
run it, you can't go back. Pre-adventure material simply has more
utility. Much of what is contained in the non-adventure sec-
tions of this book can be extrapolated forward through the Reck-
oning-related events of the chronicle, and are perfectly suitable
for post-"Last Danse Macabre" play.

A Note on Placement

Normally, it makes little sense to have player content inter-
rupted by Storyteller content, particularly something as explo-
sive as "The Last Danse Macabre." However, there's no other
way to do it without ruining everyone's fun. The information
contained in the chapter entitled "The Last Hour of Jade" adds
to the enjoyment of the chronicle that follows; it elucidates with-
out spoiling. On the other hand, the information contained in
the chapters on Ferrymen and Mnemoi blows the doors off many
of the plot hooks in the chronicle section, so the placement of
those chapters after the adventure is natural. Players who know
they're going to be running through "The Last Danse Macabre"
may wish to hold off on reading those chapters as well, but hey,
it's your book, and we're not going to tell you what to do with it.

For the last time, just enjoy.

A Note

Ends of Empire 0}
in Book of Legions
the coast
this i
dabbling into t
luce on
tone aren

The St
ind som
allies n

warned


Ay pr in a storm they say. Wel there' o port within a couple of ifetme of my postion, and this storm does see kel to give me a chance to find
one. clinging toa piece of driftwood as the winds how and the Spectres scream by Wall terval of cloud seeps over me and pounds past, each battering me
incidentally as it moves on toward a date with the Shadowlands. The Mortwights ignore me as they go y, no doubt figuring that they can pick me up later at their
leisure. Rains that hit as hard as ablzard of needles pelt me fora few seconds of agony, then they too move on

And al alone in the middle ofthis el, wating forthe Maelstrom to notice me long enough to swat me once and fr al.

Something smacks mein the back of the head, andi lose my rip onthe driftwood a i go under: inside, the other Erik is screaming in lind panic. Screaming
strikes me as a good idea, and itr to follow hs example but get a mouthful of water for my trouble, then sink. Above mes a looming, square shadow. Severs?asks
my other half and et myself hope. The Feryman had always shown upto save me before, even at times when i frankly didnt deserve the help. Now i rly needed
him, more than i ever had before. Surely he d found a way'to locate me in my hour of need.

Witha kick powered by pure desperation, i launch mse upward, angling ora pint jut past the edge ofthe rt above. Hopeful ican come up where Severus could
reach out and rab me, and hau me upto safety | dont have thestrenth, even with my ther side' help, todo mre than break the waves at this point

i burst through the surface ofthe water with shout My Shadow lends me the strength to do so. {know therel be hel to pay fr tat later but that later. Right nov,
itsal about survival. | dont think Severus could have heard me above the storm, but shout anyway. Then a wave cashes in and tums me around, and hope ies.

The raft is empty. [here's no one ont he ain pounds down on the log that comprise it hissing into steam ast does so in the center ofthe tis a tle
pile; of what, ican tel from here.

But there sno Ferryman. There's no one to rescue me.

Wel then my ther hal sys. fuk it 1 theres no ae hereto rescue ws youd beter doit youre ora chang.

"What the hell Wei cant make tha! it too far.

Balls: You can make it you js dont want. Youre scared ol ying, hats allt hat hs isthe ft tie your babysit has come to get you of the
jingle gm, and youre oo much ofa fckin weenie to do anythin for yoursell. Youre jst goin to give up now, arent you?

*No, Isay around a mutha of water The aft dif further away." jut that cant. ve already ted so hard.

The hell you have. You ve been handed from Keeper to keeper like a fucking UPS bundle since Severus picked you up. You haven ¢ done a damn thing except yell
and scream and let other people do the work

"That snot true!

Oh, soso, youre night — you ripped the lace of that kid who idliced you. How could ave orgoten tat?

‘Dannit, Youre tisting thins again! it was necessary!

Necessary? Nice justification. How the hell could that have been necessany?

i spat out water, took afew tentative strokes inthe direction ofthe ft. "Because | needed to goon. {needed o do something for someone other than mysell"

And ht wasa good enough reason lr ou to shed lel but ot good enough lr you to get oul in gear? like ta loc Gimme some moe of tht

"No! And with thai summon whatever strength ve ot eft an tart swimming ike a bastard after that ft. {can hear my Shadow taunting me, ling me tat
im ih, never make it. ignore him. Stroke alter agonizing stroke, andthe raft crawls closer by inches. The other Erik is howling triumph, and ido my best to tune
him out, shut him up, focus all of my strength on just reaching that goddamned raft

Somehow, i doit. Somehow, I haul myself upon the raf, and craw tothe center: The eflort makes me cry

inthe center ofthe raft isa pile of odds and ends {sort throught, ooking fr anything that can shelter me from the terrible storm. There's some sort of pole
there, andi put it aide. There's a lantern, but the fire is out, so put that behind me. Hopefully it wont fll ff into the waves

Theres another tinge a hodedrbeBy some mil itd put it on and pul up the hod to keep then ff then cur up on th eck. My righthand
reaches ut insincvely and ind the ol. My ef hand encounters the Later i's warm oper my ees and se that its now it in know tha hs isimpovant but
right nowall hat matters ithe warmth {hold the lantem to me and cul up around it For the frst ime in anetemity, sleep All around the winds ofthe Sth Great
Maelstrom sing mea llleby.


e were waiting for them at the top of the hill, within
M| sight of their damnable wall. We were sneaking
around — hiding mostly from our own forces, so I
did not feel at all at home. Those little yellow bas-
yl tards were not at all prompt.

But it was worth it. I knew it would be worth it.

with the rest of my unit. We were armed to the teeth, and those Jade soldiers we
‘were waiting for were late.

The lieutenant raised his arm, and I passed the signal back to the
rest of the squad. We fell quiet, listening for the faintest trace of a
sound. I don't know about the others, but my hands were gripped tight
around my weapon. Then we heard the crunching of gravel underfoot,
and there they were.

T saw them, and they looked just like us for the most part. But while
we were armed to the teeth, they were armored to the gills. Thick plates of
white (I guess it's some sort of ceramic) armor covered every part of their
bodies but the face. Jade armor, my Shadow corrects me. I wonder what he
finds so damn funny. Then he stops laughing and gets deadly serious

Shoot him! Shoot him now! he urges as the first Jade soldier crosses
into my sights. Visions of a bullet tearing past those eyes. I'd call them "al-
mond eyes," if I were a writer. But since I'm not, all I can say is that they look
more like footballs. Shoot when you see the whites of his eyes, he cajoled.
Thave to admit, resisting him makes my daily existence a lot more interesting.
He's constantly coming up with things I'd forgotten.

You know what the scariest thing is? I know that this internal dia-
logue is going on with every guy in my unit. Not Mr. Football Eye in

Ends of Empire

The Last Hour

lade

.. the fulfillment of our manifest destiny to overspread the continent allotted by
Providence for the free development of our yearly expanding millions.
— Newspaper publisher John L. O'Sullivan, 1845.

formation down there, though. He doesn't have to worry about stuff like
a Shadow. Apparently those guys aren't like us. Everyone in my com-
pany says that over there, you're either a mindless Spectre or an emo-
tionless bureaucrat. There's no in between.

The lieutenant went down to meet with the head of their column. The
soldiers on the other side showed no surprise at his appearance. Very profes-
sional. I approved. The two chatted for a minute, and then the lieutenant
handed his opposite number a scroll case.

"This is the troop deployment of everyone on this side of the wall, then?"
he asked. His English wasn't very good, but I kept a straight face. Other
soldiers behind him, just as well-armed and armored, took the wagons and
started turning them around to face the wall. Inside were literally hundreds of

"Everyone." Our leader answered. He was smooth. | felt a pang of
guilt. My Shadow was laughing again, and that usually means bad things
for me. We took their wagon and made preparations to sneak past the
sentries and back to home base. It would be best if no one ever knew we
were here. We were one step closer to retribution.

A Kingdom Besieged

The Jade Kingdom's invasion of Stygia may be something of
a surprise to denizens of the Dark Kingdom of Iron. But for the
citizens of Yellow Springs and their tributaries, it all seems quite
inevitable. The emotions and pressures leading to such a course


May it please the Imperial Court to knovy that despite the most
Aifficntt and sensitive task set before me, J, Wei Xiao Jing, a mere
assistant adjutant of the Ministry of Information, have achieved the
goals set before me.

Uy task was a most difficntt one as it was np to me to both
encourage nationalistic fervor within the families and inhabitants of
Yellow Springs and foster a sense of outrage as regarding the Stygian
and Western threat. At the same time it was important to not allocr the
sense of outrage to Aemoralize the populace or to alert the barbaric dogs.

Much of this was achieved through nevy doctrinal programming
that twas adapted to onr use after careful studying of several Shanghainese
Communist families. As you knot, many of the nevv souls harvested at
this time have been raised Communist. A s education and information are
the most important tveapon of keeping peace in the kingdom, J was sad
Aencd to find that onr nevv family members are Aismatly lax in knovvleAge
of the classic texts. Wie alse have found it difficult to indoctrinate them
with the nevy texts, as the Middle Kingdom has changed writing styles
within the last ferv decades. Fortunately, these obstacles, tremendous as
they are, have been overcome through supreme effort and dedication.

Required texts nov include more accounts of Wypestern invasion and
occupation of our traditional lands. We're alse experimenting with a new
Wiestern concept called "manifest destiny," of conrse making it anignely
and completely our otvn.

Preliminary reports seem to indicate that most of the populace
will support a war against the Stygian barbarians. Many of the
holdonts seem to be pacifists whe will not offer an organized resistance,
(We believe at least 12 percent of the populace evill volunteer once wwar is
declared, possibly up te 20 percent were His Imperial Majesty to
make a call to arms himself.

May His Heaventy Majesty shine on ns alt,

Vice-assistant Adjutant to the Minister of EAncation for the
Protection of the Prosperous Realm

We Xiao Jing

of action have been building for quite some time. There is no
question that Stygia must be invaded, occupied and brought un-
der the control of the Emperor. When the Chinese first had con-
tact with Europeans, they were viewed as barbarians. That per-
ception has not changed in Yellow Springs.

Catalogue of Grievances

There is a saying that history is written by the victors. But it
is also said that the dead never forget. So it stands that many of
the souls of Yellow Springs have a list of grievances against both
the white devils and the very idea of Stygia. Whether or not a
particular ghost of that age has been personally wronged, it is cer-
tain that either someone from his family or someone he knew had
been. Such offenses have not, indeed cannot, be forgotten.

No part of Zhongguo has remained free from European or
American invasion and imperialism. While history books can gloss
over the atrocities of the white man's burden, those who suffered
or had their families suffer through it have long memories indeed.
(It is also true that much of this sustained hatred is, of course,
born of racism and prejudice, and in lands not their own white
faces are easy scapegoats and a convenient focus for hatred.)

The Last Hour of jade B

Take, for example, the Boxer Rebellion (1898-1900). His-
torically the only noteworthy portion of the event in most West-
er history texts is that fact that the Chinese were "silly" enough
to attack foreign citizens, believing themselves to be invulner-
able to bullets. Those selfsame texts fail to mention the slaughter
and exploitation of many of the souls who had to live through
Western occupation by what the Chinese call "The Big Eight."
China in the late 1800s and early 1900s was full of various impe-
rialistic settlements — so-called "spheres of influence" — main-
tained by foreign powers. Most notably affected were the island of
Hong Kong and the cities of Shanghai and Beijing, where inter-
national ghettos sprang up. Within these zones, foreign citizens
were immune from local law, and many establishments and pub-
lic parks had signs that proclaimed, "No dogs or Chinese allowed."

Many insults of this sort are easily blamed on Stygian influ-
ences; the fault transfers gracefully across the Shroud. The inci-
dent at Port Arthur and the connection between Stygia and the
Japanese revolt, which Jade Kingdom propaganda now lays at the
feet of Charon, provide sterling examples of this sort of thing.
Plus there are still tensions in Hong Kong, where the Western
influence lingers even in the Underworld.

The lack of a telling victory against the oppressors has only
made the ambient antagonism in the Yellow Springs that much
greater. The Jade Empire has not yet reached a level of closure for
itself, especially since it is common knowledge that the Jade
Kingdom's forces easily outnumber and are better equipped than
their Stygian counterparts. Under such circumstances, what was
wrong in Zhongguo should be made right easily in the afterlife.
After all, isn't that what the afterlife is all about?

The Big Eight
vere the nations of Japan, Britain, Fr
Austria, Italy and Germany

The Big Eight
issia, the United States

many official reasons why their various armie

tioned in China, whether to protect foreign citizens

tect national business interests or to promote stabili

trade within China. H er, the Chinese remember

claiming vast parts of China as their own s

through t arms and threat of military

both the civilian and military population

Spiritual Economics

Resentment against Stygia has not been limited to grousing
about present or past military occupation within the homeland,
but to other factors as well. The newly dead of the Empire bring
with them Western value systems and religious beliefs that are so
utterly alien as to be described only as a form of corruption.

This corruption is tangible and hits close to home for the
Restless Dead. More and more kuei besiege Yellow Springs these
days. Proper burial rites are almost completely forgotten. Expedi-
ency is more important than piety amidst the rigors of modern-
day existence, and Yellow Springs suffers for it.

For example, there is a major deficiency in the number of relics
coming across the Shroud. As a result, the Jade Censors levy taxes
ever more harshly as the possibilities of keeping their quotas and
their lifestyles grow less and less probable. It has even been suggested,
none too subtly, to most families whose businesses or influence does

14 Ends of Empire

not allow them to afford tax debt that a few lives in service to the
Emperor can wipe out many debts and back taxes. As a result more
and more families disintegrate as they enter service to pay off what
would have been unimaginable debts only a few decades ago.

With the sudden increase in ranks of Yu Huang's forces, many
of the new recruits are absorbed into the Imperial army. Most new
recruits get their ears wet as domestic guards charged with subdu-
ing and capturing rampant kuei or rebels for later processing in
Hell. Those units who are particularly talented are sent on to the
frontiers for further training.

While Yellow Springs might be suffering from this economic
crisis, Yu Huang himself certainly is not. At the cost of his supply of
relics drying up toa trickle, Yu Huang has gained a huge increase in
the amount of White Jade going directly into his coffers, bypassing
the corruption of his own bureaucracy. (Note: White Jade made
from kuei is only good for a few months, but that's long enough for
what he intends.) Furthermore, the Emperor also gains an awe-
inspiring and well-equipped army with live combat experience, at
little or no perceived cost to the morale of his citizenship.

Among more conservative elements of Yellow Springs soci-
ety, there is much public support for Yu Huang for effectively and
decisively doing something about the kuei problem that has been
affecting Yellow Springs in the past years. To be honest, some
families even welcome the taxation conscription, seeing it as an
easy way of relieving their households of members whom they
consider to be soiled by foreign ideals to the point of uselessness.

In the Conquered Territories, things are a lot harsher. The need
for souls to fuel the machinery of empire has put considerable strain
on the resources of the subjugated lands. The suddenly insatiable
Yellow Springs appetite for souls worries many collaborators (who
see themselves as potentially filling any shortfalls in quota), while
infuriating and stirring up those rebel elements still around. Further-
more, as the harvests of new souls in the Conquered Territories grow
ever more stringent, local administrators face the very real possibility
of not being able to make quota, and facing Imperial wrath as a re-
sult. But if there are no souls to harvest, what can be done?

Fortunately for those harried officials, effective and overt
rebellion in the territories has been pretty much been stamped
out as military governors look for any excuse to crack down on
obvious subversion. The Jade Kingdom has not been stingy in
providing soldiers for such exercises in maintaining hegemony.
The constant rotation of both experienced and green troops into
the troubled areas serves both to suppress whatever embers of re-
sistance remain and give new troops live-fire experience that will
undoubtedly be invaluable in more extensive combat.

The Generation Gap

The family model of the Jade Kingdom has worked well in
the past. But in the Jade Kingdom, as everywhere, times are chang-
ing. Many of the newly dead have a hard time relating to their
Restless families, and have not had the benefit of the careful ritual
observances that have served their forefathers so well. Asa result,
those ghosts who are lucky enough not to be so p'o-consumed as
to become kuei right off the bat are usually pretty close to becom-
ing kuei or Spectres within a few short years.

The elders of the traditional family do not always understand
the difficulties of dying in the modern age. Unsympathetic elders
find themselves battling with great-grandchildren who were re-


Sir.

‘Research has been completed on "Project: Oragon's Back.
‘The prototype has been a complete success, and we are
beginning plans for starting mass production. Factories in the
Taipei "Necropolis are alreaty online. Im not sure this
production pace is a good idea, however. as the sheer number of

Artifacts you want produced simply cannot be done in the
time and under the budget allotted. I respectfully submit to
you that we cut back on production until more testing of the
finished product can be done.

Shen Ping Chin. Production Supervisor. Ti Yu

Via Eunuch 4578-992-Imperial

spected and powerful patriarchs and matriarchs in their ownright,
and who have seemingly no respect for their ancient predeces-
sors. While some of this tension is relieved through either rigid
etiquette and careful avoidance, many families have found a need
to expand and separate. Such maneuvers, however, are almost
entirely a function of the modern age.

This is due to the fact that there are so many more wraiths
coming into Yellow Springs now than ever did before. In fact, an
estimated nine million people a year die in Chinaalone, and while
only a tiny fraction of those become wraiths, a tiny fraction of a
huge number is still fairly impressive. The population explosion
has made the Necropoli and countryside more crowded than any
time in Jade Kingdom history. While the Fifth Great Maelstrom,
rebellions and the depredations of kuei packs have done.a good
job of depopulating Yellow Springs, more and more souls find
themselves in an increasingly crowded afterlife.

In contrast to the congestion of the"Yellow-Springs, Stygia
has been promoted as a wild frontiér of barbaric kuei without any,
shen or contact with the Yang Wofld. There are relics lying on the
floor ready to be taken, while souls drift aimlessly under the iron
grasp of Stygian brutality. If/you're brave enough and Strong
enough, there are empires waiting to be carved and Chinese souls
begging to be free.

There are two stories commonly told about Stygia within
the Empire's bounds. One is for people with power, the'ther for
people without. For the ones with powers Stygia isrepresented as
a strategic obstacle that must be removed forthe Jade Empire to
have any chance against the unfilial tidés of so-called modem
thought. There are rewards for those families who forsake the com-
forts of home, and a rich land of opportunity awaits the hand of
the ambitious soldier or bureaucrat.

For those without power, the tales of oppressed Chinese are
first tendered. Small bastions of resistance, Chihatowns, are Wit-
nessed to offer weak but valiant pockets of resistance against a

racist invader hungry for Chinese souls. Promises,of riches and ~

power for the taking tempered with tales of exploitation by the
Stygians against those of Asian descent bring home the idea "Let's
do to them before they do to us."

The Gender Gap

A woman's role in the Jade Kingdom is an odd one, as much'
of traditional Chinese society appears to have been male-oriented
in the extreme. While superficially it seems that Chinese society
is almost completely misogynist, women have more power than

an outside observer might think. What is more accurate to say is
that there have been certain set gender roles for men and women
that have been followed until the past century.

Traditionally a woman has almost no individual rights be-
yond those that she possesses as a representative of her family. As
a daughter, she is useful for housework and as a way of bringing
families together through marriage. Once she is married, she be-
comes the responsibility of her new family and has duties else-
where, often serving the matriarch of her new household in what-
ever capacity she seems to be of use. Sons, however, stay with the
family forever. They continue the family name, bring wives into
the clan and strengthen the clan in its business and interests.

With this philosophy in mind, it is no wonder that the Chi-
nese prefer sons over daughters, though matters were not always so
extreme as they are now. Historically, female babies were known to
abandoned or killed only in times of severe hardship. The children's
mortality tate being what it was, parents were glad to have any
children tohelp maintain the household. Only in the modern era
of populationjcontrol and reproductive quotas has there been a cri-
sis of unwanted and abandoned females in Zhongguo.

According the Jade Kingdom censor statistics, there is cur-
rently one femalé,coming across the Shroud for every 25 males.
None of the abandoned or aborted female children make it to the
Jade Kingdom. Instéad, they go straight to Oblivion if they are
lucky, or become rampaging kuei if they are not. Those females
fortunate to get into Yellow Springs are fought after by birth fami-
lies and marriage families alike.

It is Jade Kingdom policy to have all ties of marriage respected
from Zhongguo. The ghostiof a married woman is given to her
husband's familysWhéther or not the husband has accompanied the
wife to cheafterlife. If there is no husband's family to go to, she goes
to her birth family, If there is no birth family, things get interesting.

Powerful Chinese wraiths are\desperate for wives. Some seek
them for'companionship, some for love and some for status, but
the chase is hard and relentless. Byer since Yu Huang started his
harem, the possession of concubines has denoted status within
Yellow Springs. Female wraiths are wooed, tricked and intimi-
datéd into marriage. As a result, for many women, Communism
exists,as a safe haven of equality and fair treatment. Communist
families have successfully recruited many women under a banner
of freedom and equal tights. To them, pragmatism, not archaic
gender stereotypes,are important. Besides, the Communist fami-
lies are not above using their new female recruits to bend the
Wills Of supposedly important and powerful men to their agendas.
Rumors abound that this is how they keep Yu Huang and his

~bureaticrats from otacking down on them.

"Weis important to note that women are far from powerless even
within the boundaries of a traditional family. After everything they
femain mothets, daughters and sisters of a network of wraiths who
Must respect, their generation and station. In fact it is much easier for
females to leap from station to station within the Jade Empire while
a tnale is pigeonholed into a rank that only Oblivion can relieve.

Asa result, most of the new volunteers are young male wraiths.
Many of them are looking forward to new wives, even Western
Ones; as they conquer territory in Stygia. How this influx might
affect the society of the Jade Kingdom should the invasion be suc-
cessful has yet to be determined. Women might be no longer as
cherished. Perhaps they will achieve a more equal status. Perhaps
Stygian brides and concubines might become a fad, or worse, acom-
modity. All things are possible; the only inevitability is change.

The Last Hour of jade 15


a A Brief Military History 0

Actions Between The Yellow
JAY Sorines and the West

Taiping Rebellion (850 - 1864)

Hong Xichaun, a recent convert to Christianity, claimed to re-
ceive religious visions and, as a result, vowed to overthrow the reign-
ing Manchu dynasty. He gathered followers, some who were also re-
cent converts to Christianity. Others who weren't joined anyway and
attempted to help him create what he called "A Kingdom of Heaven
on Earth," which would be the start of the Great Peace, or Taiping.

Hong Xichuan gathered up almost a million people at the prime
of his rebellion and stormed through China. With this army, he took
over Nanjing, which his followers made their capital. The govern-
ment they set up had any number of radical ideas, such as puritanical
morals, splitting all land throughout China equally, full equality for
women, economic modernization and other such odd notions.

Yu Huang and the Jade Kingdom were, for the most part,
oblivious to the conflict. At least, they were until the wraiths of
the over 20 million casualties of the revolt slowly brought the
battle to Yellow Springs. Fearing another religious riot like that of
the Second Great Revolt, the governor of Nanjing asked for help.
Many of the Christian souls became p'o-consumed and were lost.
Others tried to create a Kingdom of Heaven in Heaven.

The Jade Empire acted quickly. This was the Empire's first at-
tempt at actively intervening in affairs of Zhongguo. First, all the
troublemaking wraiths whose families did not intervene at their be-
hest were torced and taken to Feng-tu immediately by any Censors
who found them. There was a major effort on the wraiths of Yellow
Springs to turn back their descendants from this path of madness. In-
telligence about the Taiping government was given to Manchu loyal-
ists. Talented wraiths Skinrode leaders of the Taiping government, and
dissension was sown among the people and leaders in Nanjing.

The Taiping Rebellion finally collapsed after 15 years. Internal
strife and distrust amongst its leaders made the region weak enough for
Manchu regimental forces and a small Western-led unit to recapture
Nanjing. In the Skinlands, many Western powers used this as evidence
to show that China could not handle its own domestic problems. The
Kingdom of Jade, however, had gotten its first real inkling that West-
em ideas and ideals were going to cause trouble in its backyard.

Many ministers, both living and not, were suspicious about how
Hong Xichaun could possibly have amassed so much power with ideas so
odd. They suspected more than a Wester cultural influence, but rather
a supernatural one. Especially nettlesome was the question of how the
Wester troops arrived in time to "liberate" Nanjing. However, no con-
clusive evidence of outside dabbling of any sort was ever found.

qhe Boxer Rebellion (1898-1900)

Buoyed by the success of the Empire in the matter of the
Taiping Rebellion, numerous wraiths affiliated with the Protec-

16 Ends of Empire


tors of the Prosperous Realm decided once again to involve them-
selves in affairs of Zhongguo. They were inspired by the forma-
tion of the Heaven and Earth Society, a cult of martial artists who
believed that by praying and sacrificing to the gods and ancestors
that they would achieve the power to drive out all Western influ-
ences as well as the weakened and besieged Manchus, who had
negotiated and lost so much to the Western powers.

As a first step, these wraiths carefully used their influence to
blunt the Society's animosity against the Manchu government. As
the conspirators were fearful of a potentially messy succession, it was
determined that the monarchy must continue at all costs. Manchu
leaders and Heaven and Earth Society leaders soon collaborated, and
the Protectors saw a chance to go on the offensive against the West.

The Heaven and Earth Society thus entered a symbiotic rela-
tionship with the Jade Empire. The Society provided Memoriam and
Pathos for the ghosts, and the wraiths provided supernatural support
for the society. This was a very effective combination, except for the
fact the collaboration had not been sanctioned by the Emperor.

It was at this time that Stygia first sent ambassadors to the
Jade Empire. It was also at this time that the Stygian ambassadors
were taken by the Emperor and processed into earrings for the
Emperor's favorite concubine. A punitive series of lightning-fast
raids made by the Skeletal Legion jolted the Empire into disarray.
Many areas of the Yellow Springs were hit during this program,
both along the Great Wall and in the interior. As Yu Huang fi-
nally organized a response to the Legions, the Society project fell

by the wayside. The Heaven and Earth Society wasn't immune to
bullets anymore, while at the same time a new batch of Western
troops landed in China.

All was not lost, however. Zhongguo's loss was the Empire's gain. /
The newly arrived wraiths proved to be excellent warriors, eager to
serve when Peng Xin raided and sacked Boston Harbor. Ever since,
members of the Heaven and Earth Society have held an honorable
and high standing within the Jade Kingdom's military machine.

Port Arthur (904)

Port Arthur, called Lushun by the Chinese, has been a mili-
tary post since the second century C.E. The British conquered
the site during the first Opium War but later vacated it during the
Boxer Rebellion in order to protect their interests in Shanghai
and other, more profitable colonies to the south.

The Japanese invaded in 1894 and took the strategic port during
the Sino-Japanese War. A year later they returned it to China when
the Russians moved their fleet to Lushun in order to protect their in-
terests in Beijing and points north. It is also during this period that
Russia took over Mongolia and moved its border with China south.

It was only when Russia and Japan's interests in Manchuria and
Korea conflicted that Port Arthur became a battleground for both
mortals and wraiths alike. On February 8, 1904, the Japanese fleet
launched a surprise attack, crippling the fleet at Port Arthur. Many
Russians were killed, but numerous Japanese lives were also lost.

The Last Hour of jade 17


Yellow Spring and Stygian Reaper boats were deployed im-
mediately. Stygian Reapers had been getting more and daring in
poaching the Jade Empire's territory of late, mirroring the West-
ern advancement on China's own sovereignty. Many Russian
wraiths were properly Reaped, and the Japanese wraiths were not
left behind either. The insult of the Boston raid was still quite
fresh, and the Japanese casualties were seen as partial reparation.
Quickly, the transports moved the souls to Vladivostok from
whence they would be taken back to Stygia by Midnight Express.

The Jade ships arrived too late but quickly gave chase. As Bleak
Legionnaires moved the bounty into the waiting railway cars, the
Jade warships quickly blockaded the port and systematically destroyed
the Stygian Reaper fleet. It would be the only decisive naval victory
that the Jade Kingdom would have this century against Stygia.

Jade infantry assaulted the Midnight Expre:
train pulled out, but too late.

All of the Enfants, Russian and Japanese alike, were cata-
logued and sent to holding stations in the Moscow Necropoli. It
has since been pieced together by various agents of the Deathlords'
intelligence networks that this was the largest covert operation
that the Kingdom of Jade ever pulled on Stygia.

Many of the Japanese wraiths taken from the sea were, in
fact, Chinese infiltrators and spies. They had cleverly Moliated
Cauls onto their bodies so they appeared to be Japanese Enfants.
When they were moved into the railway car, the infiltrators fur-
ther Moliated themselves to appear to be Russian Enfants. Once
processed and reassigned, the spies lost themselves in the Stygian
bureaucracy. The Jade spies quickly climbed the ranks of the
Stygian elite, as their knowledge of Arcanoi and quiet efficiency
made them a power to be reckoned with.

The Nanjing Massacre (1937-194)

While Japan was conquered by Yu Huang in the Shadowlands,
quite the opposite was true in the Skinlands. The Japanese cap-
tured and installed a puppet government in Manchuria in the
1930s, claiming almost all of eastern China as their own.

top just as the

1 Unlikely Her

It was estimated that thousands more ld
if not for the brave exploits of a Westerner and x
member, John Rabe. A German businessman, Rabe pers
saw Japanese soldiers. Usin,

John Rabe flashed the Nazi

ally intervened whenever he

the Axis hield
ilians to safety. On hi

illiance as a
diers as he ushered Chine
initiative, other Germans and

hark
ll around them
When Rabe

Hitler himsel

anjing

whicl red perhaps 100,000 people from the massacre

turned to Germany to complain to Adolph
about the deplorable slaughter in Nanjing, he
was summarily fired from his job and questioned thorough!
Ironically, the Western her
s and penniless a few
of the

They or

t Gestay if Nanjiny

hims mel ort month:

left the city. Later, survivors ccupation in N

found out about his plight vanized and collected

1 to send over to him in Germany, helpin
war and its aftermath

money and foc

him survive much of the

It is estimated that almost 350,000 men, women and chil-
dren were systematically slaughtered by the Japanese in Nanjing.
Almost 20,000 were Chinese national POWs on whom the Japa-
nese had soldiers practice for live fire and melee exercises. The
rest were civilians, simply cut down.

At the time of the slaughter, the Nanjing Necropolis was
besieged by Spectres and kuei alike, so much so that almost a half-
regiment of Imperial Guardsmen was needed to keep the peace
Threatened by such adversity, Nanjing became the scene of heart-
warming unity. Politics weren't important, family rivalries weren't
important, power was not important. New souls were becoming
kuei, and those kuei were attacking other souls within the city,
and as a result everyone had to stick together for survival's sake.

What was important was that some answer had to be given
tothe crisis happening in Zhongguo. Rather than vengeance, the
wraiths of Nanjing chose humanity. Aid was given freely without
any demand for favors. Jade Censors gave the Emperor his due
from their own pockets. Souls were nurtured and protected dur-
ing this time of crisis. Nanjing at this time is often referred to as a
shining example of the benevolence of the Jade Empire.

Which is not to say that vengeance was not sought. However,
the ideas were not entertained by much of the populace. The city
crafted an environment where the Nanjing province was a respite
from the horrors taking place. This image has been reinforced heavily
in the minds of the citizens as many of the vengeance-driven wraiths
were lost in the Jade Empire's defeat in Hiroshima.

The governor of the province, Zu Taowu, was mostly respon-
sible for the organizational effort of the community. In order to
get many wraiths a good start and a decent chance at keeping
their relics, he sponsored many "orphans" personally, almost bank-
rupting his family in the process. For his generosity, however, he
was repaid a thousandfold. Even in these dark times, the Zu fam-
ily is a dominant force in all aspects of Nanjing life.

The Nanjing families have been made stronger by overcom-
ing this destructive conflict, and their successes have only strength-
ened their conviction that active philanthropy and kindness will
only bring the best for yourself and those around you. While this
has given them a reputation for being soft, their solidarity make
them a force to be reckoned with wherever they go.

Presently, many citizens of Nanjing have joined the Imperial
army. While Nanjing is a beautiful city, the jewel of the north, there
are just too many souls in it for existence to be terribly comfortable.
Many of the families who donated their vast fortunes for the relief
efforts are still recovering from the expense and thus cannot sup-
port new arrivals. Service in the military seems the only way out.

If anything, Nanjing citizens have made it their duty to come
to Stygia and prevent any wholesale slaughter of barbarians. They
understand the horror of war and the inhumanity that conquer-
ors inflict on their victims. While they must support their Empire
and their Emperor, the wraiths of Nanjing will be careful to not
allow their countrymen to be carried away and commit the same
crimes that were committed on them.

Today

Hong Kong

The Hong Kong Necropolis is up in arms. Both Jade Empire mili-
tary and Stygian military units have been mobilized following a de-


ON ENS

structive Maelstrom unleashed upon the city (see World of Darkness:

Hong Kong). No two wraiths agree to what exactly happened, but
everyone is quite willing to blame everyone else for the state of affairs.
Representatives of Yellow Springs state that the typhoon and
accompanying Maelstrom was completely the work of Stygian shen
— a signal that the Westerners do not leave Hong Kong will-
ingly. As such actions do not go unanswered, the army has been
gathering Stygian wraiths and putting them under the torc.

So far most of those taken are new wraiths still in their Cauls.
Stygian citizens have sent word back home, and many Legion-
naires have been arriving by Midnight Express. Reapers try to
"save" what they can, but the Stygians are hopelessly outnum-
bered. On the other hand, there are many reports of Chinese souls
being Reaped and taken back to Stygia when Western troops can't
get to the ones they're supposed to save.

There has not been any fighting in the Necropolis yet. Iso-
lated incidents have produced a tremendous amount of saber-rat-
tling, bur the first shot has not yet been fired, and no one on
either side has disappeared. (Well, no one important, that is.)
Hong Kong is a powder keg waiting to explode. Both sides are
committing a growing number of forces. Regular reports from Hong
Kong to the rest of Yellow Springs, routinely phrased in such a
way to raise the alarm, escalate the level of tension hourly and
increase the public awareness of the Western menace.

Chinatowns

It's pretty safe around here, but we Asians need to stick together. Some
of my best friends in our gang are Chinese. It's strange to have Chinese
friends when my family has been treated so badly by the Chinese, but this is
America — I gotta live here with my own karma. Some skinhead doesn't
care whether I'm Tibetan or Chinese. He just wants to stomp my head.

— Pema Jones, 13-year-old Tibetan lama

This isa dismal place. The dark gloomy haze of the Shadowlands
is lit with the unearthly glow of neon. Broad strokes of calligraphy
with English subtitles advertise restaurants, antique stores and a vari-
ety of other establishments calling themselves trading companies.
The differences between a street and an alley seem to solely be deter-
mined by foot traffic, and there is a lot of foot traffic.

The streets are filled with people of all nationalities, but Asian
faces dominate the crowds. Stalls of vendors selling relic furniture
and knickknacks, White Jade and soulsteel crowd the street even
further. The noise of chatter and haggling is constant. It is impos-
sible not to be jostled, and oddest of all, there are no uniformed
Legionnaires in sight. Compared to here, the rest of the Necropolis
seems positively empty.

Signs in other languages can be seen, though they are few. All
have Asian denizens staffing their counters and chattering in a lan-
guage noticeably different than the chattering of the marketplace.
Strange smells fill the air in an existence where food is often just a
half-remembered dream. Suddenly a loud noise like thunder fills the
air. The smell of food replaced by that of gunpowder. Wraiths scream
and scatter, leaving an empty and dirty street behind them. More
explosions fill the air, and shelter suddenly becomes a precious com-
modity. In seconds, even the ghost town has become deserted.

Welcome to Chinatown.

Most major cities, and thus Necropoli, have Chinatowns.
Chinatowns are those ghettos where the Asian people live and die,
trying to achieve the prosperity promised them in the lands of the
West. They exist as a Necropolis within a Necropolis. They are

islands where different rules, Yellow Springs rules, are applied, but
without the authority of Hierarchy or the Jade Kingdom in effect.

While Stygian interests have always been somewhat protected
in Hong Kong, the Philippines and various other Western strong-
holds in the East, so too were the Jade interests in the West in the
various Chinatowns. And while there were Midnight Express stops
in some cities of the East, most noticeably Hong Kong, there was
no convenient way for those Chinese wraiths to return to Yellow
Springs. They instead settled into the ghostly buildings that re-
minded them, however vaguely, of home.

The Chinese ghettos are strongholds that exist only because
of the treaty the Jade Emperor signed with Stygia after their first ~
war in the beginning of the century. Officially, those of Asian
descent are to be brought to these holding areas until they are
ready to be shipped back to the Yellow Springs. Lucky Korean,
Japanese, Vietnam and South Asian wraiths find themselves in |
these settlements. Many stay, while a scattered few leave to pur-
sue their own fortunes in Stygia proper. The unlucky ones find
themselves as easy Thralls for Stygian forges.

While there is usually a heavy Legion presence outside of
the ghettos, those inside are normally left alone. Any attempt
at peacekeeping has always resulted in saber-rattling from Jade
diplomats, and Stygia long ago decided that it wasn't worth the
hassle. However, all attempts at setting up a local Jade govern-
ment have been met with a Legion crackdown that threatened
to destroy any semblance of a day-to-day life. In fact, the
Chinatowns are targeted for sweeps whenever tensions are high
between Yu Huang and Stygia.

Thus Chinatowns exist without any local authority, yet mostly
free from Hierarchy control. Yu Huang definitely uses the various
Chinatowns as a staging ground for espionage and terrorism in
Stygia. At the same time, many Japanese, Korean and other na-
tionals use Chinatowns as a safe haven where they might plot
against Yu Huang while still having access to news and informa-
tion of Yellow Springs and the Conquered Territories.

The unique situation of the Chinatowns draws conspirators
who have other concerns besides Yu Huang. Other wraiths from all
cover Stygia descend on Chinatowns for their own agendas. The
combination of lawlessness, access to black markets and the ability
tocontact other Renegade figures for varying ends make Chinatowns
the place to be for the discerning conspirator in the West.

Hierarchy authorities are not blind to this development. In fact,
they welcome it. A lot of manpower is dedicated to cataloging and
observing the movements of various wraiths in and out of various
Chinatowns. If there are going to subversions afoot, then better that
they be concentrated in easily contained sections of large Necropoli
than left unsupervised throughout the Shadowlands. After all, the
Chinatowns aren't that big or hard to cut off from the outside.

Chinatowns do have some advantages. The buildings are old and
well-worn, and are thoroughly imbued with Pathos. They are some-
times restored but never torn down, which makes them superb Haunts
and Fetters. The lawlessness and isolation of the average Chinatown
allows for the institution of community Reapers, who gather souls that
die in the ghetto without any heed to Stygian quotas or Legion sys-
tems. The average wraiths not involved in conspiracies to overthrow
governments, (and there are more than one might think), stick to-
gether to face any external threats. The numerous sweeps and threat of
sweeps have never endeared Stygian authorities to the inhabitants.

Chinatown wraiths use firecrackers to warn of Stygian sweeps.
The loud booming noises serve as warnings to clear the streets
and to hole up in your haunt until the coast is clear.

The Last Hour of jade 19

Tales of the jade Empire

The Asian inhabitants of Chinatowns are true orphans of
their heritage. None, with the exception of a spy or two, has ever
known the reign of Yu Huang or his minions. The land of Yellow
Springs is held up on a pedestal because anything has to be better
than daily existence in Stygia. The traditions and stories of their
childhood and a few wild stories of wraiths who claim to have
crossed the Tempest are the only hints the wraiths of the
Chinatowns have of what it is like to live in Yellow Springs.

Many Buddhists believe that only by going back to their home-
land, or the homeland of the Dead, will they be able to be reincar-
nated into a new life. None know that the escape from Oblivion is
no more common in Yellow Springs than it is where they stand.
One of the ironic things is that Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese
wraiths also look at Yellow Springs as a placebo for all their ills
While nationalistic fervor exists, few know of the plundering of
souls that happens every day in their homelands. The legend is
burnished more brightly every day that the truth remains unknown.

To be sure, Chinatowns are a pivotal point for the looming
invasion. For Yu Huang, the Chinatowns exist as a source of col-
laborators and as a headquarters for his invasion of Stygia. For
Stygia, Chinatowns exist as a source of hostages that can be turned
into raw materials in case Yu Huang ever crosses the line.

Time will tell.

ellow Springs

At home, the worries are great for the welfare of the brave
sons and daughters of Yellow Springs as they embark on a military
mission abroad. Most think that the soldiers are being sent off to
Hong Kong to teach Stygia a lesson once and for all.

The Marketplace

If you are not entering Chinatown to pursue an agenda,
can we- interest you in the marketplace? The marketplace is
brimming with anything and everything a wraith might want
weapons, information, Artifacts, furniture or Thralls. Anything
can be found fora price. But know that shopping here entail

and the policies of "no returns" and "you break it,
id as law. All prices are negotiable, and

ers should have a healthy grasp of haggling.
fall are the restaurants. me knows where the
relic food or ghostly meals come from, and the proprietorssnidely
mutter, "Ancient Chinese secret," when asked. But courses and
courses of meals can be had for a relic, or perhaps a Thrall «

There are rumors that the food is the result of an amazingly
talented Masquer, usually a chef or a supplier. Whatever the
case, the me » taste incredible and smell even better

Kuei-jin can occasionally be found wandering through
these haunt me will perform favors in the Skinland:
price. Others are busy with their own business and interests
In fact, many of the goods found in the market stalls are the
wares of such enterprising Asian vampires, who see in the
Restless an untapped market

Ends of Empire


It is important to note that the society of Yellow Springs re-
volves around the family unit, and that family unit is much larger
than a traditionally Western nuclear structure, as several genera-
tions live under one roof. The amount of support for the success of
the war is so great because there are so many generations of ances-
tors and relatives pulling for the success of each individual soldier.
On a certain level, each soldier's success is the family's success, and
the war offers a tremendous opportunity for honor or disgrace.

Oddly, the chances of rebellion have gone down since the large-
scale recruitment for the armed forces began, but the perceived chances
forsubversion have increased dramatically. Suspicion of subversion lands
on those without families or friends, and every household has at least
‘one enforcement official to keep things clean under his own roof.

As the war starts, families continue their day-to-day existence.
The prospect of war is terrifying, but it is for their security that those
brave souls have gone to resist the Stygian threat. The dread and hor-
ror eventually increase, as tales of lost souls and the hunger of the Jade
military machine strips their loved ones away from them one by one.

But this is the way things are, the way things have been for
thousands of years. You must be loyal to your house and your elders.
You must be responsible for your siblings and your children. You
must serve your emperor. After all, what other choice do you have?

Sergeant Uranic was with me at the wall when they came through.
We were designated to be on watch, but to be honest, every man in the
platoon was already out and watching. We all knew what we were
doing. We all knew what was going on.

"Do you think it's worth it?" I asked.

He shrugged. "278 Kensington Road, Chicago, Illinois," he muttered.

"That's...." | already knew what it was. Everyone knew that we
‘were going home in two weeks.

He smiled at me. It was the first time I ever saw him smile since
I'd known him. He was the kind of person who dwelled over every
mistake. He rarely even stopped frowning, obsessed as he was with the
details and faults of every action. "It's where he lives. I got the copy
from the ledger yesterday." He giggled. "He has three children."

Need I describe how disturbing the giggle was? He proceeded to
lay out to me an entirely too graphic and sadistic blueprint of ven-
geance. I nodded as I watched the column go past our base camp.

"You?" I nemed back to focus on him. The column was eight abreastand
extended as far as the eye can see. Thousands of them. I doubt we could have
lasted very long even if we were to fight. I had an urge to ring the alarm bell just
to see what would happen. Ha! That's how I had gotten killed in the first place.

"Um, we're shipping out today. Reassigned to bodyguarding duty.
I'm supposed to know soon. They never told me who," I replied. I
looked down at the exit wounds in my chest.

Itisnotmy place to question my commanders. I appreciate the chance they
have given me in knowing the events of my death. Unlike Uranic, I didn't know
what I would do if I ever really knew. I just want to know. I'm a good soldier.

But as I see the columns of foreign soldiers beneath me — yellow
bastards, I believe I called them — I can't help but feel that I've be-
trayed millions for a single piece of knowledge. That I've betrayed mil-
lions because I learned to follow orders...

The imperial Army

The people are like water and the army is like fish... with the
common people of the whole country mobilized, we shall create a vast
sea of humanity and drown the enemy in it.

— Mao Zedong

The Imperial army of the Jade Kingdom is the strongest it's
ever been in a millennia. With advantages of modern Arcanoi use
and technologically advanced relics, the military has learned from
many of the mistakes of the past defeats in the lands of the living.

For one thing, armaments are much more common in the
East. Young soldiers with highly efficient weaponry have been ©
streaming into the Jade Kingdom in the past few decades as a
result of brushfire wars and police actions. While this also meant
that p'o-controlled wraiths and Spectre packs have access to these
new weapons, the Jade Kingdom has been very successful at gath-
ering a large supply of guns to arm its military.

It has helped that many of the recent military engagements

in the world have taken place in Yu Huang's domain. The Con- |

quered Territories and client states have been rich with tributes
and Artifacts from countless engagements of the Cold War, pri-
marily small arms and artillery.

Military strength is not only measured in firepower but in souls.
Yu Huang has actively searched for and recruited cold, hard, ruth-
less men. These veterans not only have the experience of fighting
with these modern weapons but of modern military tactics as well.

Asa result, the Jade Empire has the largest and best-trained
army in the afterlife. A steady stream of souls from various protec-

torates to Feng-tu has also made them the best-equipped. Many |)

of the wraiths of Yu Huang's army are neonates in terms of Arcanoi,
however. The learned ghosts of Yellow Springs have long since
ensconced themselves into the bureaucracy, far removed from the |)
fighting and the concurrent danger. Many of the Empire's true

professional warriors were lost during the Japanese revolt 50 years)

ago. The current army is primarily composed of eager but rela-
tively young souls, who have the will and the tools but perhaps
not the talents to surpass their predecessors' achievements.

It has been demonstrated again and again that the greatest
weakness of the Jade Empire remains its navy. Much of the suc-
cess of the Japanese revolt during the Fourth Great Maelstrom
was due in no small part to the relic warships of Nippon. Great
behemoths from the battles of Truk Bay and Midway helped the

Japanese greatly in their revolt, and Yu Huang took careful note), /

of this. He has bolstered his weakness in the Tempest in part by
having the Bugis as allies, but history has proven that the Bugis
will take any opportunity to play all sides against the middle.

However, since World War II, there have been very few na-
val battles to produce warships for the Empire. While some Japa-
nese ships have been captured and recovered, the Jade Empire
still relies on the Bugis fleet too much. That doesn't mean that
there isn't a Jade fleet, however.

It is in the navy that one finds the most devoted and power-
ful wraiths in the Jade Empire. There is much profit to be had in |)
the transportation of spoils and tribute. This is by far the most 4
sought-after and fought-over assignment possible within the Jade
military. Naval officers can only screw up once, however. With so
many wraiths after an assignment in the Jade navy, failure means ©
a trip to Feng-tu and a squabble over the right to replace you.

Almost all of the ships in the Imperial Navy are heavily
armed. The piracy of the Prince Alexsei (see Dark Kingdom of
Jade Adventures) has sunk a variety of Reaper ships costing the
Emperor an untold fortune in souls and ships, and the Emperor |
doesn't intend to lose any more of his valuable resources.

The pride of the Jade fleet is, of course, Yu Huang's ship, Heavenly
Mandate. Heavenly Mandate is a ship comprised entirely of True Jade
crewed entirely by Imperial Guardsmen. The ship is by, all accounts,

The Last Hour of jade 2


Sir,

Project: Oragon's "Back has hit a production stoppage.
"We've completely run out of inventory. "We desperately need
more supplies of "White Jade in orver to meet quota. Ive gone
through the numbers over and over again. Tve even turned in

my third cousin for embezzlement to the Judges. "While this
has the added effect of producing more jade. there is no Way We
are going to make deadline at this rate.
Shen Ping Ching, Production Supervisor, Feng-Tu
Via Eunuch 4579-304-Imperial

invulnerable, invincible and a hell of a ride to boot. The Heavenly
Mandate is not risked lightly, if at all, but it remains a shudderingly
powerful reminder of what forces Yu Huang has at his disposal.

Organization

Generally, Imperial army companies are comprised of either
soldiers or Censors. The typical size for a squad of Jade Kingdom
infantry is eight men. There are three squads per platoon, and four
platoons per company. Each platoon is assigned a Protector of the
Prosperous Realm to ensure that all actions by the squads under
him are within the best interest of the Empire. Each company also
has a Judge of the Dead to settle disputes within the military.

While on the surface it seems as if Protectors are more important
than individual soldiers and a Judge more important than a Protector,
this is not the case. It's all part of a series of checks and balances insti-
tuted to keep any one institution from running entirely amuck.

Soldiers solve difficulties within their rank and file. In mili-
tary situations the commanding officer always overrules the Pro-
tector. However, in situations where politics are involved, the
Protector is called on to make a decision. He is also held respon-
sible for that decision and the consequences thereof.

The Judges are responsible for making sure the Emperor's rules
are followed and obeyed and for all rulings on law and discipline.
There is no such thing as a military court or tribunal. Formal
charges have to be filed for a Judge to be brought in on a matter,
but once the process begins, it cannot be halted. So whether or
not incidents and crimes are brought to the Judge for a decision is
based on the discretion of the officer. On one hand, an officer can
win the unswerving devotion of his men by shielding them from
their Judge; on the other, Judges are naturally a suspicious lot and
may come sniffing around if they hear rumors of unreported im-
proprieties. In that case, it's the officer who stands in the dock.

The bulk of Yu Huang's forces are soldiers. There is usually
one archer or gunman for every three heavy infantrymen, because

A Note on bist val!

incient Chinese tr

Historically,

Cor 0 men or 25 re

rations were

giment

Regiment: 500 men

Detachment 0 men

Company Five men
Yu Huang has done his best to hev

still incorporating the need to integrate the Judges and Pr

tectors into the ranks

even with the influx of guns into the Underworld, there still aren't
enough bullets to go around. Heavy infantrymen are armed with
spears, while their officers armed with swords and sidearms. Both
armor and weaporisare White Jade, Any javelins, arrows and bule
lets are most likely made of kuei-jade.

Those wraiths entrusted with firearms or artillery generally
have some supply of Pathos currency in their possession. The sup-
ply is very limited as the coins last a week at most and require
constant replenishment by the logistical units. The limitation is
deliberate; this keeps wraiths thus armed from succumbing to temp-
tation and running off with their prizes.

Censors represent the bulk of the logistical units. As armies of
wraiths do not need food or clothing, only armaments, Censors are
responsible for analytical tallies of numbers, locations, positioning
and bounty. They are also responsible for treating those wraiths
wounded in action and determining who'd do more good as a hunk
of White Jade than as a convalescing soldier. Once a beachhead
has been established, Censors are also responsible for separating
and "processing" prisoners of war, relics and captured weapons.

Because the Imperial army has much of its ranks from local
militias, there is a real sense of regional-affiliated battalions. (The
best parallel for Westerners is, perhaps, the state units of the Ameri-
can Civil War.) Beijing units do not freely mix with Nanjing units:
Nanjing units do not mix with Singapore or Canton units. While
Mandarin is spoken between battalions, the regional dialect is spo-
ken between units from the same province. Veteran units may have
their own sub-dialect. Enemies have found this to be an infuriating
practice, as it is almost impossible to gain intelligence on the Jade
forces who deliberately isolate themselves linguistically.

4 Rumor.

unds of Stygian intelligence

e that is both extensive and

entire flight wings of Zeroe
There is no evidence

ay, burt it is consistent

The infantry units are further separated by specialties. Some
specialties are based on Arcanoi, For example, practitioners ofthe
Way of the Merchant are generally assigned logistical duty to ensure
that those units responsible for artillery and firearms have enough
Pathos to fire their guns, much like Artisans ensure there is a steady
supply of shells and bullets. Other, more sinister units include the
engineers, the kuei-go handlers and Masquer equivalents. There are
even rumors that there are squads of Korean Moliated dragons.

infiltrators

Jade infiltrators are the eyes and ears of the coming invasion. They
have labored long and hard for many years, paving the road to Stygia
for the conquest to come. Almost all are masters of the art of deception
and of Moliation, allowing them to do their work in secret and well.

The initial seeding of infiltrators began at the beginning of
the 20th century. Stygia was considered a barbaric land with few
amenities. In fact, most Jade officials didn't even really believe
that there was any sort of organized government, much less a place
to infiltrate, until the time of the Boxer Rebellion.


The infiltrators' original mission was simple:

* To learn the ways of and assimilate into the society of the
Kingdom of Iron undetected.

¢ To find, create and support enemies of any established gov-
ernment in the West.

© To detect any hostile action that would endanger the
Jade Kingdom.

© To find and destroy any intelligence the Kingdom of Iron
had on the Jade Empire.

The first directive was by far the hardest. Most loyal servants
of the Emperor felt that adopting the lifestyle of the barbarians
was a deeper betrayal than that of political espionage. The cus-
toms were foreign and reprehensible, and without understanding
the customs of the Stygians it was impossible for the spies to avoid
telegraphing their own heritage in a myriad of mundane ways

Stories of infiltrators discovered because they spit too much,
clasped their hands before them as they bowed, stared dumbfounded
at a curtsy or even improperly saddled a horse served as warnings
for future agents of Qin Shihuang. Conversely, they also illustrated
how one might detect Stygian agents in the Emperor's own lands.

Predictably, many of the first spies entrenched themselves
and made themselves invaluable to the Stygian bureaucracy. There,
they felt most at home in a foreign land. Many even introduced
innovative uses of red tape that the Westerners never considered.
While many agents were ordered away from their posts to infil-
trate other aspects and lifestyles in Stygia, the majority of the
older spies still occupy the bureaucratic corridors of the Legions.

Others were amazed at the relative freedom to be found in the
Kingdom of Iron. The expanses were empty, the Necropoli not at
all crowded with teeming masses of wraiths. There were elements
of home to be found here and there: in Chinatowns, in Asian homes
and in the rare, wild howl of a ravaging, solitary kuei

Some agents became great wise men in the West. Common
phrases and common sense back home were regarded as enlight-
ened wisdom in this barbarian land. Many of those "wise men"
don't even bother with Moliating themselves, as many Renegade
and Heretical elements accept them more readily as bearers of
ancient wisdom of the East. Taoist, Buddhist and New Age cults
have risen in the wake of such talented rabble-rousers.

Furthermore, those same "wise men" have done wonders in fos-
tering a strong loyalist and collaborative following in the Chinatowns
of the various Necropoli. The agents spin tales of golden enlightened
tule and hope for all wraiths of Asian descent as well as fostering a
sense of paranoia and mistrust about Stygian ule. "Things will change
when the Jade Empire arrives. Once you are under Yu Huang's reign,
you'll never worry about anything else again," they promise.

Scholars of the future may point to the wildly successful alli-
ance with the Smiling Lord as the ultimate fulfillment of the sec-
ond directive. In fact, officially, the Jade Emperor has recalled the
agents responsible for the alliance back to the Jade Palace to take
a revered post near his right hand. No doubt they will whisper
sage and informed wisdom into his ears as the invasion proceeds.

Insiders at the palace tell a different story. Apparently the
great ledger containing the death stories of all the Grim Legion-

The Last Hour of jade


naires also includes those cover stories by those Jade agents trying
to infiltrate the Grim Legion. Many of the infiltrators are still
securely hidden within the ranks to be an effective espionage force,
but enough agents were caught to compromise most of Yu Huang's
cells near the Smiling Lord. It was the Sardonicai of the Grim
Legion who brought Yu Huang a warship of Stygian steel to com-
pliment his own Jade fleet. Inside were the whimpering and half-
mad remains of many of his agents in the Grim Legion. The infil-
trators have since been added to Yu Huang's menagerie, after their
most glorious decoration ceremonies.

Since the "alliance" with the Smiling Lord, Jade infiltrators have
poured into the Iron Kingdom. While the Grim Legion knows for the
most part how they enter Stygia, precautions have been taken to pre-
vent them from knowing any more. Many of the wraiths have either
substituted themselves for other wraiths or otherwise re-invented them-
selves in order to blend into the busy life of the Hierarchy.

Of the Legions, the Skeletal Legion has been the most thor-
oughly infiltrated. Yu Huang is very concerned with his own
borders despite his ambition for conquest. This assignment is
also easier to sell because of the proximity of the agents to their
homeland, at least those who will be stationed with the troops
north of the Great Wall. The Iron Legion technically has the
next largest number of spies. Many idiosyncrasies of these infil-
trators are explained away as the eccentricities of aging minds,
though these wraiths are not easy pickings. Despite the appar-
ent ease of infiltration into the Pauper Legion, few enter be-
cause of pride and an unwillingness to look behind the facade

Sis and Countersigns

There is ni tor Jade agents to identify each

Geir excepe by the dae OFttedt asciveltaagues andl enolate

of the Jade Empire Acenits Oma ring cells generally contact

each other with pass phrases and literary references mumbled in

Mandarin, as problems of dialect make the use of any more spe

N

cific linguistic key only occasionally effective. Not all of these

s are found within mortal libraries; many great
nd the ind while a

literary reference

writers continue their works from bey« grave,

it know the works of the living, there is no
of the dead

holar mis
ry for her to learn all the writin

Typically, infiltrat
timid and paranoid technique similar to flirting. A

s find each other in passing through
1 very
n is casually mentioned or in

random phrase or superst

ned under the breath. If the other person asks for details or

nial or lie is offered. If a comment that plays

ziven, then a city in the Jade Kingdom is
This is the
supposed to offer his own
hometov within the conversation as well
firm the in infiltrator, the participant is to later
mention either a Haunt or a Minister of the Dead working in
the other satisfied

repetition, a

n the reference is

brought up in succeeding cony agent's

hometown. The

rsation
ther infiltrator is
1 veile To con
identity a
both sides are

ient's hometown. Once

with the answers, true dialogue can begin
it is extremely

another, if

flaws. For one thing
make initial contact. For

This system has it
difficult for agents to
one agent is unfamiliar with the other's native province, the
system of signs and countersigns breaks down immediately
Still, Yu Huang has

have too little c

creed that it is better for his agents to

tact than to have too much

24 Ends of Empire

pr" ie

Third Unele.

Thank you for your hun bao present for New Year's. I
appreciate the gift. but you really shouldn't have. Things here
in the bureaucracy of tell are as always, perhaps
busier than usual. All of the family here is proud of your
promotion as one of the top Judges in the Yellow Springs.

Please make sure that those of our family who get
jave amulets that isn't White Jade don't lose them until
they get adequate ones.

‘Your nephew,

Zu Xing Jing

Via Eunuch 4579-386-Imperial

that the Beggar Lord gives. However, a few find their way, pur-
posefully or accidentally, into their ranks.

The Emerald Legion has experienced the opposite effect. The
concepts and the recruiting style has many Jade wraiths very will-
ing to join and rise through the ranks. The concepts of the Emer-
ald Legion are very non-Legalist and the idea of recruiting against
the saboteur job description, but the merit system of advance-
ment is very familiar indeed.

The Legion of Fate and the Penitent Legion have the least
amount of infiltrators. Infiltrators have bought into the mystique of
the Legion of Fate hook, line and sinker, and give that Legion a
wide berth. However, by chance (or by Fate) a few agents have
been reaped by the Lady and taken under her wing. Whether or
not they can still be trusted, no one knows or even tries to find out.
For the most part they are written off. As for the Penitent Legion,
their reputation is so twisted and their order so grotesque that infil-
trators are shanghaied into the Legion. While no one questions the
agents identities, no sane agent stays and makes this Legion her
home. Which is sort of the point, in a twisted and bizarre way.

Jade infiltrators have tentacles in all the Legions and a mar-
ginal element of the Renegades and Heretics. Some have been
undercover for so long that they have truly become what they
pretend to be. Those infiltrators may have forgotten their past
lives and loyalties, but have a surprising knowledge of the nature
and tactics of the invading troops.

Palace Politics

The Jade Palace is alive with activity. There is an air of ten-
sion as no one knows exactly what is happening, only that it is
something big. What is evident is that there is going to be a tre-
mendous shakeup in the way the Yellow Springs are currently gov-
erned and constituted, one that will change the power structure
of the entire land.

Many families and political groups are flocking to the palace
in order to be at the right place at the right time. There are ru-
mors that there will be a war with Stygia, but no factual reports of
any kind drift back from the barbarian lands. There are reports
that there are revolts in the Conquered Territories once again,
but again, no one has any proof. Stories of the punishment for
revealing confidential information to anyone, including one's own
family, are as wild and frightening as the actual rumors themselves.

What's worse is that Yu Huang is nowhere to be found. Palace
functionaries make flowery excuses for Qin Shihuang — he is busy;


We Holbdn,
* $6 site gael tak he Teal ed sccsagelc oss ale the
charges J lay before you. Even if you don't believe me, yor must check to
| Seif evhat T coviteis tome, The survival of onr ton empires is at stake
/—Y auspect that a most grievens vorong has been committed. And if
"this plot is not uncovered, wwe wvill be at the mercy of the machinations of.
cot, merciless men. Yon must warn your hemeland to prepare for var.
Even nots the armies of the Yellorw Springs march on Stygia in
their nnmbertess ranks. Yon have beer betrayed hy ore of your war leaders.
Even noey they wnkeash a enrse on all of ns. The Yellorw Springs and the
Dark Kingdom of Tron evill bth be beset by m storms of ited strength,
Even nove J am clase te getting the proof J need te shevn the wvert
| what Yon Huang is np te. With the help of athers from my family, ive
‘are close te breaking inte Gunnch Central, But J fear that it vill be
ton tate by the time eve Ao se, ton bate for att of ns.

Listen carefully and Aestroy this exnnch vvhen yon are finisheA. J
cnn definitely get yon the evidence tb support these assertions, if yon can
get me one of the Minister's codes in Gunnch Central. This missive is
staan Fd wt tts to ym igh, Th fate of my family aod
ing homeland are in your hands.

Signed,
he is meditating; he is touring the territories; he is with his concu-
bines. But the fact is that no one has seen the Emperor in months.

The ministries are all busy. Many bureaucrats are away on
mysterious errands, but those who do not have assignments have
come eager to know why they are idle. At times like these, being
idle means being expendable. It is never good to be expendable,
particularly not when the mills of war are eager for raw materials.

The Principal Actors
Judge Li Gao, judge ofthe Dead

The Ministry of the Dead is doing a healthy business. Li Gao's
office has suddenly gotten very stringent when it comes to crimes
throughout the Empire. Some sentences are still lenient when
favors are called in and bribes paid, but it has been made clear
that "hanging judges" get promoted much more quickly than do
more understanding ones.

So many guilty souls have been sent to Feng-tu that many
citizens are beginning to suspect that any trial is a mere formality,
an inevitable prelude to a sentencing to Hell. Those who espouse
this view point to the fact that even civil suits now have what
amount to be capital penalties. Li Gao, while self-serving and cor-
tuptible, knows the limits of human tolerance, and the Judge's
office is quickly reaching it. He is aware that he needs to slow
down the sentencing machinery, but it may have become a beast
beyond his control.

With Yu Huang's absence, Li Gao is very afraid that he is
losing control and influence. In the last few years the Emperor
has been keeping his own counsels and not Li Gao's. Without the
favor of the emperor as protection, the Judge of the Dead is vul-
nerable to ambitious courtiers. And if a revolt is incited by his
overzealous underlings, Li Gao is sure to fall. Of course, no one
within the palace would work to produce just such a revolt, least
of all Li Gao's underlings...

judge Zu Fai Wan

A judge from the Zu family of Nanjing, Fai Wan has become
a well-respected and much-honored Judge by the least likely of
methods: being an extremely competent and insightful Judge.
However, due to an altercation with Li Gao, he has been trans-
ferred from his position in Nanjing to the capital where it is
thought he might do less political damage.

What Li Gao had not counted on was the amount of renown
Fai Wan has generated. People trust Fai Wan implicitly, and the Zu
family name carries a lot of weight, even in certain sectors of the
palace. Without an assignment, Fai Wan has been investigating a
letter he received from a nephew in Ti-Yu. It has been insinuated
in the correspondence that there is something wrong concerning a
project called Dragon's Back, and Fai Wan is relentless in investi-
gating those mysteries that are brought to his attention.

Honorable Judge Zu,

In reference to your inquiries about cer-
tain Eunuchs — notably 4579-386-Imperial, 4579-

* 304-Imperial, 4578-992-Imperial — we are afraid

we are unable to comply with your orders or to
be any help with your investigation. The 457x-
series Eunuchs were found defective and shred-
ded in order to help the war effort. If you
have any other Eunuchs that you need in your
investigation, please feel free to inquire.
Worry not, those responsible for creating these
unworthy Eunuchs have themselves been chosen
to replace them.

— Eunuch Central

Peng Xin, Warlord of the imperial Anny

So many men, so little time. Peng Xin has been driven to the
limits of his endurance planning this invasion. Nowhere in the }
history of the Underworld has an invasion of such scope, such |
magnitude ever been attempted. Never has there been so much ‘
pressure on an invading general, because Peng Xin is all too aware
of what happened to his predecessor.

It doesn't help that half of his staff generals are already carv-
ing Stygia up as if it's been won already. Peng Xin has faced Stygia
before, and knows that he faces a savvy and cunning enemy not
to be underestimated. Even though the Smiling Lord seems to
have betrayed his fellows, how long can the Warlord possibly trust
him? Luckily, Stygia has fewer men than Peng Xin does, less disci-
pline and no leadership.

Peng Xin also feels he must speak to Yu Huang about Impe-
tial Guard disbursement. Ass it stands, the plans call for a squad of
Guard per Necropolis. Something about this smells wrong to his
soldier's instinct. As things stand, each of those squads might con-
ceivably be battered and the Guard wrecked in detail. The situa-
tion is puzzling and not to his liking.

This operation has gotten so large that Peng Xin has been forced
to delegate authority to subordinates more politically savvy than he.
Needless to say, he is not pleased. While the Warlord has been able
to keep most of the authority in the hands of subordinates he trusts,
inevitably rivals have seized some power. Wong Tse-Tong of the
Heaven and Earth Society in particular has been a thorn in his side,
but the fanatic is now an inextricable part of the operation. Indeed,
Tse-Tong has gone so far as to allow the Communists their own rep-

The Last Hour of jade 25
api fae


resentative in the general staff. Such compromises must be lived with
if Peng Xin is to carry out the wishes of the Emperor. However, once
the invasion is finished, the Warlord intends to clean house and con-
solidate his authority once and for all.

Wong TseTong Arc-Govemor ofthe Conquered Temitories

Wong Tse-Tong is a strong supporter of the notion that the
Jade army should destroy all of the foreign devils and let the gods
sort out what the White Jade mills don't. A veteran and casualty of
the Boxer Rebellion, Tse-Tong has a lot to offer the foreign devils
should they cross his path. With his mortal descendants and family
wiped out in the Nanjing Massacre, the Heaven and Earth Society
has become his only home. As such, he has devoted himself to it
utterly, and as a result, Wong Tse-Tong has found himself in com-
mand of the armies of the Conquered Territories.

Tse-Tong has noticed recently the large number of Nanjing citi-
zens to be found at the palace — most of them as wall decoration.
He's also noticed that Zu Fai Wu seems to be heading that way if the
Judge doesn't learn to keep his nose out of other people's business.

Tse-Tong fully believes that this invasion is the inevitable
movement of the people. This isn't a war where quarter can be
given. The Westerners have made that clear from the start. In
fact, Tse-Tong feels that he should be in charge of the invasion,
not Peng Xin. Peng Xin is an idiot, in spite of his poorly earned
reputation as a war hero. It's as if he doesn't want to invade Stygia.
And when the time comes, Peng Xin will allow those curs to sur-
render, never mind what history demands.

In the meantime, Tse-Tong is responsible for the Conquered
Territories. If he does a good job there, it's only a matter of time
before Peng Xin falls on his face in the Iron Kingdom. Then Yu Huang
will ask Tse-tong to replace him. Until then, it is time for the Society
man to remake the Conquered Territories in his own image.

The last thing on Wong Tse-Tong's agenda is that he must
also ask his contacts at the palace to watch Hu Ji. Rumor has it
she is a Stygian spy. People note her strange mannerisms and Ar-
tifacts that reek of Western cultural pollution, and whisper. It seems
ordained that she will fall, and Tse-Tong wants to profit when she
does. Given a chance, Wong Tse-Tong will soon cleanse all of
this Western stench from the Yellow Springs.

Shih Hua-Nui, General Protector of Yellow Springs

Proud and alert, they carry five-foot guns,

First rays of the morning sun illuminate the drill-field

The daughters of China are filled with high resolve,

To red garments they prefer the uniform.

— Mao Zedong

Shih Hua-Nui is the first female general of Yellow Springs.
She had an illustrious career when she was alive, although she
was never a soldier. Instead, she was a Communist postergirl, one
of Mao's favorites. In the afterlife she rode on her fame and took
the offer of a Communist family to give her real military responsi-
bility, then excelled at every task put before her. Her charismatic
leadership abilities, her attention to detail and her knowledge of
modern military techniques has made her a real up-and-comer in
the Empire's military

Hua-Nui finds herself given the dubious honor of holding
the borders of Yellow Springs itself from Stygian counterattacks.
Her forces are sadly under strength, as most of the militia forces

26 Ends of Empire

have been conscripted for the invasion. However, a Grim Legion
officer has provided her with the entire troop displacement and
supply system of the Skeletal Legion troops arrayed opposite her
lines, which will help immensely.

Because she has the fewest troops and the advantage of home
territory, Hua-Nui has been given some of the best-armed (though not
best-trained) troops in the army. However, she has the added responsi-
bility of having to police the realm against insurgents so the conquer-
ing armies have a place to return. Imperial Guardsmen were supposed
to be made available to her as support and a source of reinforcements
but thar hasn't seemed to pan out. What's really going on she doesn't
know, and so instead she plans with what she knows she has at hand.

Hua-Nui knows that she achieved this rank not because of
merit, but because she was Communist and a female to boot. Poli-
tics may have gotten her this position, but with the Skeletal Le-
gion amassed at the Great Wall, only competence will allow her
to keep it. However, the way that people from the party talk, Peng
is the one setting himself up for a big fall, and if Hua-Nui knows
that if Peng falls, someone else must rise.

Hu ji, jade Censor

Hu Ji has been in a good mood recently. Perhaps the smile
she wears is the smile of a job well done, or more likely it is the
smile of spoils yet to come. For Hu Ji knows that the treasures of
Stygia will be soon at her disposal. She has grand plans for Stygia
— grand plans indeed.

Hu Ji knows that relics are one thing. But with the advent of
a Stygian invasion, relics are no longer her only concern. She
feels a desire — no, a calling, to collect the souls of the thinkers,
the experts, the great men of Stygia. With those souls she'll build
her own harem. She has given orders for the Censors to bring her
interesting and unique people who cross their inventories while
in Stygia. In fact, she has commissioned a ship so that she might
supervise the culling in person.

That is, of course, assuming that she can get away from the
office. The Censor's Bureau has been hit with inquiries from both
Li Gao and Zu Fai Wan about a project called Dragon's Back.

She expected such from Zu Fai Wan. From all reports the
Judge is a meddler. But can Li Gao actually be beginning to do his
job? In any case, both Judges will have to be distracted from their
inquiries if she is to leave the palace to visit Stygia.

LeiZu, "Favored' Courtesan

Lei-Zu is worried, very worried indeed. Yu Huang is gone, and
he is keeping something secret — something he finds amusing and
is taking much pleasure from. He has not been around, and Heav-
enly Mandate is gone from the dock. Something is happening, some-
thing no one else knows about, and the Emperor isn't sharing. Dur-
ing their moments alone, he has shown signs of weakening. He
seemed ready to boast of his cunning, but this isa changed Yu Huang.
The changed Yu Huang keeps his own counsel.

Chan, the court jester, shares her worries. She listens to tales
of the horrors of Feng-tu. She listens to tales of the cruelties of
the Judges. Now that Yu Huang is away, it is time to bring down
Li Gao. Zu Fai Wan seems to be the perfect replacement. In fact,
Lei-Zu was responsible for getting him transferred away from
Nanjing to the palace. She can't risk contacting him because
people already watch her too closely as it is. All her conspiring
must be done with veiled gestures and hurried whispers.

Herr Holbein, Steian Ambassador tothe jade Kinedom

"*... This is vital, and I do not send this to you lightly. The fate of
my family and my homeland are in your hands. Signed, No One.'"

"No one?" | asked.

"Please rephrase, humble servant does not have the ability to un-
derstand," came the monotone.

I looked over to my fellow guardsman. "Herr Holbein will still be
indisposed. | will give him your message." He blinked back at me. I wonder
what would happen if I sent the Eunuch to Fan Wushang, the Head of the
Secret Police around here. It might do wonders in the area of diplomacy.
You-know-who cackled along, filling my head of images of what-if.

The other guardsman joined in with my Shadow's laughter. I knew
then that my "what-if" had become a "what-is" when I wasn't looking.
I frowned and wished | could find a Pardoner in this place. But then
again, I didn't want my Shadow speaking to anyone at all. My betray-
als were stacking up like cordwood, but respite was coming soon.

The next visitors to the embassy spelled trouble. But not for me, I
reminded myself. Fan Wushang headed a parade of Imperial Guards-
men, four of them. They looked more alive than I did, yet they seem so
unalive as well. | knew they were coming, but I didn't know if the
Eunuch had ever made its way to him. Then again, suspicion was as
good as evidence these days, at least within the walls of the palace.

We opened the door to Herr Holbein's chambers without any re-
sistance. My Shadow taunted me about my betrayals. I wondered what
Holbein's shadow was saying to him as Fan Wushang confronted him.

"Yes?" Herr Holbein looked surprised but unperturbed at the group
before him. He must have been curious about the presence of the guards
as well as Wushang in full regalia. Holbein himself was dressed as a
dandy. Lace ruffles framed his skeletal face.

Fan Wushang bowed. He was dressed in robes of ebon silk. His
long beard fell as he bowed, almost touching the floor. "Ambassador
Holbein, it is my duty to inform you that his Imperial Majesty the
Emperor has in his infinite wisdom decided to no longer entertain the
insults that the barbaric lands of Iron offer to him and his people. He
asks that you surrender now and await his judgment."

They moved in to subdue him. Uranic and I just stared. I wanted to do
something, I was supposed to do something. The impact of what was happening
— of what was going to happen — struck me fully. I was going to betray the
only semblance of civilization that I had. My people, my homeland was going to
war, and I would have nothing but a name and an address to show for it.

Now was the time for me to intercede. Holbein had the Argos to
open a Nihil back to Stygia and warn the others if I could delay the
Guardsmen. Now. | should move now. Move.

I said nothing and I did nothing as they put a torc on him and
took him away.

Holbein looked at Uranic and I motionless, and whispered,
"The Smiling Lord?" Uranic nodded guiltily. The he brightened and
laughed, surrounded by Guardsmen. I feared him more than I did
them at that moment.

Holbein was probably taken to the dungeons of the palace, though
there are rumors that he was taken to the menagerie. I found out later
that my killer was already dead, taken to Oblivion. He stood for noth-
ingin the end. The last connection I had with the Skinlands was a dead
end. But it wasn't the identity and the circumstances of my death that
made me stand silently that day, but the macabre curiosity of just see-
ing what would happen.

Herr Holbein knew that Yu Huang was about to make his
move on Stygia. The winds of change were in the air. He knew

Sy

war was imminent once he ran out of friends at court. However,
he thought that the tension throughout the palace had to do with
Hong Kong, which, frankly, he had already written off. It was
important that even should Stygia lose Hong Kong that there be
enough ofa fight that Yu Huang would have a healthy respect for
Stygian Legions. That was all Holbein was looking at, though.
It had been worrisome that no one would talk to him, but his
response was a blunder. For support, he called in some Sardonicai

to help him with the negotiations once trouble started and to /)

bodyguard him. That done, he rested secure, sure that if more
than Hong Kong were at stake he would receive adequate warn-
ing from his Bugis spies or from the Gaunt Lord whose troops —
were stationed at the Great Wall. Unfortunately, he did not count?
on the Smiling Lord's perfidy, and so never received the message
that might have saved him.

Getting There

Much of the viability of Yu Huang's plans for the invasion of
Stygia hinges on the ability of his minions to be able to enter the
Stygian Shadowlands without having to navigate endlessly
through the Tempest. Many of his most talented scholars have
been working on this puzzle for hundreds of years. Only during
the last century of globalization and the ability for one to have
many Fetters throughout Zhongguo has the basics for their break-
through been available.

In the past few months, each member of the Imperial army
has been issued an amulet as a talisman against the dangers of the"
Tempest. The amulet is made of White Jade and denotes the
bearer's rank and unit. Some of the higher-ranking officers have
amulets commissioned in True Jade.

In reality, the jade talisman is a bit more complicated than
that. Each amulet has a tie to a real-world object that serves as a
sort of Fetter for a True Jade activator. The effect is similar to
some Lifeweb powers, in truth, though the researchers who pro-
duced it swear their work is totally original.

When it's time to move, the activator is used to snap the
wraith holding it.along an artificial Byway to the Fetter. All the
other wraiths of that activator's unit get immediately sent to the
Fetter as well. Should the amulet fail, the Byway shatters and the
unit tumbles into the Labyrinth for a Destruction Harrowing.

System: Using the amulet requires a Stamina + Argos roll
(difficulty 7). No Pathos is needed to activate an amulet, but an
entire unit must jump at once. (

A botch results in a Destruction Harrowing. A True Jade
amulet produces one automatic success on the roll.

Pog Xin .
Yon must stop this madness. J have broken into Eunnch
rentrat. Gomerne wwithin the palace has ordered that the amulets —
given to onr soldiers be made with kunci jade! This has a faiture
rate of one-third! Feng-tu was operating on full capacity, but
couldn't keep up with demand. Many traits of uvhere the ihite
ade event turned np cotd, but we Aid find Li Gao building a
boat of jade to rival pyeavenly Mandate. This is going to turn ont
in disaster. Yon must stop the invasion!
US eSigeidr

The Last Hour of jade

w F, 2 8
iO ca I ae ee ea ee



its been three days since i got a Ferrymans raft upside the head, three days since i put on the robe and took up
the scythe. All around me the storm rages impotently, but the raft — my raft — is an island of relative peace. | dont
know if it's the raft thats responsible or some innate power Ive just learned to tap, but either way it's making for
smoother sailing than Id gotten from the wreckage of the Gran Grin

ive been steadily poling in a direction that my internal compass tells me will take me to Stygia, though there arent any
landmarks out here to guide me. ive seen some amazing things, mind you — ships with rows of eyes along the waterline
foundering in the stonm, Plasmics the likes of which ive never seen surfacing to bellow defiance at the wind, and more — but no
land, and no evidence of Stygia.

{look down at the raft its indubitably wood, probably made from the trees that grow along the River or on Eurydic. Relic
wood has a disturbing softness to it, but this fees like the real stuf. That means this raft is an expensive piece of equipment, and
not something youd just let drift loose on a whim. 1 mean, it could have just been carried off by the storm surge from wherever
the Ferymen do their drydocks, but that explanation doesnt cover the pile of goodies i found wating for me. A robe, a sickle
a lantern thats lihts itself up — this was not an accident. Someone (Severus? Maybe its a deathday present! my Shadow chimes
in, not very helpfully) deliberately set all of this up and sent it on its way with a precise push

i mean, it could have been intended for someone else, but i didnt see anybody else flailing around out there, and its
a big Tempest. The odds of the raft finding me are infinitesimal. The odds of it smacking me in the back of my head when
it was intended for someone else are nonexistent.

So someone sent me the Offical Ferryman Starter Kit. Why?

Because someone wants you to be a ferryman, dipshit comes the inevitable answer. Either that, or someones going fo a lot
of expense and effort to set you up for something. What do you think the real Ferrymen do with impersonators, anyway?
Quarters? Eighths? Julienne tries?

"Damned if ( know," i say out loud. "Sil, theyre efficient, so i expect it would be over quickly."

Fractly. Theyre elfcient. Competent. Precise. Not at al like you

"Oh, bite me."

Har-de-har har har, get a better line, Kiddo. Seriously, theres no way youre ferryman material You can barely cover
your own ass, let alone anyone eles. Youre Spectre bait, not a mysterious defender of lost travelers. What are you
going to do the first time some Shades decide to play water polo with your raft? Scream for Severus? Ask me for help?
No, this whole gie is some kind of cruel joke. Good thing you ve got me around to set you straight, or youd let your
PR go straight to your head.

i think about what my other hal is saying for a ew minutes while i pole the raft along. He stays quiet wile i do so, which
is odd for him. He usually is impossible to shut up, yammering away at all hours of the day or night. Constant chattering was a
habit i hated in myself when i was alive, and he's taken it to a new extreme.

Not now, though. There's something to ponder in that.


"So, Bik," I say to him. He perks up. its the first time ve actually called him that. He's always been "my other half" or the
other Ek' or ‘my Shadow" or a few other things that frankly arent printable. Never "Ek." Ive never admitted he was part of
me, or that we were in any way the same. Not until now, in any case

i think | may be onto something here.

"Erik. Let say, forthe sake of argument, that youre right."

You bet im right, baby.

"Heh. im not conceding that yet. (Whatever | can hear him mutter to himself) in any case, if youre right, and this is all
some sort of accident, im doomed no matter what, yes?"

Jep.

"And that means doomed whether i stay on here or dive off into the waves or try to steer this thing straight into the mouth
of the Void, right?"

Youre getting brighter every day, I swear

"Thanks. So if that's the case, my demise is likely to be more painful if i stay on here and let this thing take me to the
Ferrymen, who will promptly fricassee me than if i just hop overboard and go down for the third time. You should be doing
everything in your power to keep me here. Whats up?"

Hes broodinely silent for a long time. Normally, this is a bad sign — it means he's plotting some deviltry or other to land
my unliving butt in hot water ~ but { get a different sense from him now. it feels like he's pondering whether or not to tell me
something, and not necessarily in a bad way. freaky.

You want the tuth?

i continue to pole the raft. There's a sense of familiarity to the waters 7m moving over now, and { can see vague shapes on
the horizon. Theyre low to the water, which is pretty much what | was expecting

"OF course i want the truth. The question is, ae you going to share it?"

Depends, im not sure

‘Were running out of time. i think i know where we are, and ths trip isnt going to take much longer." Off in the stonm, the
shapes on the horizon are coming into focus. Theyre moving, headed toward the same place that { am.

Good point. Harm. How the hell do I say ths?

{ say nothing, and wait for him to continue.

Look, we ve been over here for a few years now, and all things considered. we have a pretty good working relationship,
right? | mean, you dont have Pardoners stomp me excessively offen, and havent used the opportunites ive had to jump down
a Nihil or anything. Right?

"Rielt. Your point?"

Well you may or may. not know this but f occasionally... chat.. with some of the guys on the other side, and they talk to
one another, and they tak to other... people ike me, and. well ive learned some things.

Some things? Come on, shyness is not one of my bad habits youre supposed to embody.

Jeah, yeah, whatever. [he point is, iknow what happens to people who pick up the robe and the lantern and the
sickle. i know what happens to all of them, if you know what i mean. I know wha... whats going to hagpen to us. And im
scared to death of it :

That surprises, nay, floors me. Even when he's admitted to being scared inthe past, its been in a bravura sort of
way, with a Give me the reins now!" urgency to his actions. Now he sounds like he wants to curl up into a ball and
cry. Weird. "You know, you might yet convince me to get off this thing if you give me some hard data instead of being
wishy-washy and ominous."

Siop stealing my sick Eri. This is serious Think about Severus fora minute. Hes powerful. right? Completely together,
right? Never othered by anything. not even his other hall. Right? Right? Now start thinking about what going to hagpen to you
~ fo us if you stay on board. Think about the price we re both going to have to pay

And then he drops the real bombshell

/-dont want to be alone, Erik

qhen he fal silent, and im left to ponder his words as all around me, the Ferrymen silently converge on th barely vise
towers of Stysia


The Last Danse

~~ Macabre

When aman has suffered much and accomplished much, he after-
wards takes pleasure even in his sorrows when he recalls them.

— Aristotle, Rhetoric, 1370

- Overview
© The Story

This is the last story of the Dark Kingdom of Iron. Charon's
Empire is under assault from all directions, beset by foes without
and traitors within. In desperation, the most powerful defenders
of the Empire set in motion plans laid down in prophecy and de-
veloped centuries ago, to recover the soul and mind of Charon.
(See page 112 for the full story of those plans.) The characters
become part of the plans, marked by Fate for a crucial role as
smoothly running operations stumble and fall. They move from
Necropolis battlefield to the heart of Stygia itself, and have a voice
} in the last council of the Stygian Empire.

W

© material in this F
Macabre

ones following

ming!

k that is labeled as being part
he Last Danse is for Storyteller eyes only!
Thi

venture

it present an epic ad

hapter and the
in which the characters play an important role in

ME the fate of the Stygian Empire. If you're going to play th

chronicle and decide to read past this point anyway, don't

"The Last Danse Macabre" is a story of hope in the midst of
tragedy. The institutions built up over millennia to unite and gov-
ern the Restless Dead fail. As things fall apart, however, the char-
acters move into position to pick up the pieces, or perhaps to
build something new. The Underworld does not come to an end
in this adventure, and its future form depends greatly on what the
characters do now. One era may be coming to an end, but the
next one is just beginning, with the characters at its epicenter.

How To Use This Chronicle

The first chapter begins with war. Yu Huang's long-planned
invasion of the Dark Kingdom of Iron erupts, exploiting two ad-
vantages: the extent to which Stygian military forces are commit-
ted to the destruction of the recently discovered black city of vam-
pires, and the Smiling Lord's subtle treachery. The finest soldiers
of the Dark Kingdom of Jade pour through artificial Byways, by-
passing all the usual Stygian defenses. The characters take part in
the desperate battle for control of Necropolis London: the sur-
prise of the attack, rallying for defense, engagements along the
beachhead perimeter and chases and clashes throughout the city.

The characters first face the basic challenges of mere sur-
vival, primarily those involved in getting away from shock troops
(and complications like exploding Artifact vehicles). Then they
join the ranks of Iron wraiths taking the battle back to the invad-
ers — some through combat, some through stealth or trickery.
The chapter concludes with the characters helping to repulse the
invasion and securing the liberty of at least part of London.


The second chapter begins with an unexpected interruption
of plans to push the invaders further back from their perimeters.
A high-ranking Oracle arrives from Stygia with a fresh mission
for the characters. He explains Charon's plan for rebirth (or at
least part of the plan) and guides the characters to Charon's mor-
tal self. There the characters or the Oracle must fulfill Fate's de-
crees by killing Charon, Reaping him and escorting him to Stygia
to be reunited with his memories, which have been kept safe for
him by a most unlikely agent. Once Charon's died a second time,
the characters and their Oracle guide set out for Stygia, dealing
with complications along the way. The battlefields across the
Necropolis present risks from ambush to accidents amid the rubble,
and once the characters descend into the Tempest, they face the
turbulence and local storms created by the Jade invasion. Through
all of this they also have to deal with Charon, ignorant of his role
or indeed of anything else about the Underworld.

Within the upper reaches of the Tempest, the characters res-
cue a lone wraith from Shadow-eaten assassins only to find them-
selves the recipients of an unexpected gift. The wraith they rescue
is one of the Mnemoi, and transfers her share of Charon's memories
to the characters before succumbing to her wounds. The characters
then have the option of spending a long subjective moment ex-
ploring some of Charon's past before proceeding; flashbacks inter-
mittently intrude throughout the rest of the adventure.

The Midnight Express arrives to provide the characters with
some assistance. The characters get some much-needed rest and re-
cuperation, and get to spend a little time visiting with the train's
denizens (as well as trying to make sense of their unwanted gift of
memory). Elsewhere in the Tempest, the battle against Enoch comes

to its climax with the use of one of the Smiling Lord's relic nuclear
weapons. The characters know only that the Sixth Great Maelstrom
erupts with the Midnight Express in sight of Stygia but not yet there.

The third chapter begins with the characters and their com-
panions making the very dangerous passage from the Midnight
Express, derailed in the Great Maelstrom's first moments, to
Stygia. The Skeletal Lord and his forces meet them halfway, and
together the Stygian wraiths and the characters from above fight
their way to safety. Once within the multiple layers of Stygian
defense, the characters take part in the final council of the
Deathlords. They're present as the Smiling Lord's treachery is
exposed, and help decide the traitor's fate. Then they join the
Mnemoi in rebuilding Charon's memories... a task which ends
in only partial success. The episode ends with Charon announc-
ing that he can no longer be the leader he was.

The fourth episode opens with Stygia coming under attack
from inside as well as outside. The thousands of Spectres captured
by Martyr Knights and stored in the city's catacombs burst loose,
as does the Pardoners' vast store of Angst. While the Spectral
assault from the Tempest escalates, the city's wraiths fight against
unexpected enemies and their own comrades fallen to Oblivion.
Charon and the Deathlords ride into a battle that ebbs and flows
across the breadth of the city.

The battle brings in all the forces opposed to Oblivion, in-
cluding the Ferrymen, returning to the city for the first time since
they turned their backs on Charon. Victory does not come easi!
some of the Empire's most powerful wraiths sacrifice themselves
to buy time for others. When the Spectral hordes at last retreat,
the Isle of Sorrows has been so badly battered that it cannot be


restored. Charon's final acts as Emperor include opening the way
for his heirs to make a new home for themselves.

The adventure ends with the prospect of rebuilding. The char-
acters and the other wraiths to leave Stygia now face a future in
which the old powers are gone forever. Now it's time to rebuild and
prepare for the immediate challenges — the Sixth Great Mael-
strom foremost among them — and for the long-term futures.

The Powers Behind the Scenes

The events of Ends of Empire began with plots set in mo-
tion centuries ago. This section reviews the plans laid by some of
the Dark Kingdom's most powerful individuals and groups, and
also the complications that fouled up their various agendas.

qhe Ferrymen

‘The Ferrymen brought news of Enoch to the Deathlords in part
to fulfill an ancient bargain, though their actions were also moti-
vated by a sincere horror of the intrusion in their realm. The Ferry-
men are perhaps the best-informed group in the Underworld, and
their movements throughout the events of this story were determined
by centuries of planning. Nothing the Ferrymen do is without rea-
son, not even precipitating the greatest crisis Stygia has ever known.

See page 82 for a detailed discussion of the Ferrymen's back-
ground and mission.

qhe Mnemoi

The Mnemoi were long ago entrusted with the most precious
burden in all of Stygia: Charon's complete memories. The Guild was
to hold those memories in safekeeping against the day Charon would
leave the Underworld, be reborn and eventually return. To cement
the illusion, Charon had the Mnemoi "banished" — as much to pre-
vent his memories from being taken advantage of by Stygian society
as to keep them safe in the hinterlands of the Underworld.

Alas, the best-laid plans of mice, men and the Restless Dead
all go astray. The myth of the Mnemoi's corruption grew beyond
all imagining, leading to a full-scale purge of the Guild's member-
ship. Over the centuries the Mnemoi were hunted down before
they could pass on their precious burdens, or succumbed to the
pressures of persecution and went Spectre. The current leaders of
the Guild know that they have not fulfilled their mission; they
only hope they've been able to save enough of Charon so that he
might in turn be able to save them. As a result, the Mnemoi act
with desperate purpose; they are among the very few wraiths ex-
tant who know what precisely is at stake.

See page 112 for the full story of the Mnemoi and their ar-
rangement with Charon.

The Lady of Fate

The Lady of Fate, the first wraith, is the only one to know the
full outline of the events unfolding in Ends of Empire. She cannot
prevent the tragedy, and instead focuses on seeing how much can be
rescued from the ruins. She appears only at the end of the adventure,
to answer lingering questions and pass on what hope she can for the
future. Going through the adventure itself, the characters should not
know that someone with her power watches and hopes for them.
The Lady of Fate provides succor and, sometimes, emergency assis-
tance, but she does not do other wraiths' work for them.

34 Ends of Empire

Yu hati

The Emperor of the Yellow Springs spent decades preparing
for the invasion he launches now. His advisors recognized an op-
portunity in the era of the Great War, and infiltrated highly trained
agents among the prisoners harvested by Stygian Reapers working
in eastern Russia. They've sent in more from time to time ever
since. Yu Huang also enjoys the advantage of covert assistance from
the Smiling Lord. Each believes he can use the other. Yu Huang
expects to let the Smiling Lord weaken Stygian defenses enough
that Jade troops can sweep away all resistance, then remove the
Smiling Lord himself at his leisure. The Smiling Lord believes that
he can use Jade forces to crush all competition and then drive back
the invaders through superior strategy and firepower (to wit, the
relic nuclear devices he's been harvesting for decades).

While information about the Yellow Springs never comes eas-
ily, Stygian authorities have gradually realized that preparations for
an invasion are underway. The Smiling Lord seizes the opportunity
to call for ever-larger border garrisons, both along the Shadowlands
frontier between Dark Kingdoms and along major Byways near the
edges of the Stygian Empire. Of course, such troop positionings
leave Yu Huang's real routes of attack completely unguarded.

London

Players creating new characters at the outset of this adventure
should create them as natives of Necropolis London. Every faction
of wraithly society has its representatives in London, along with
many wraiths who owe no allegiance to anyone but themselves.

The Hierarchy

The Anacreons of London compete vigorously to prove their
respective districts of the Necropolis the best-ruled and most de-
sirable. Civil corruption is very rare in London, since exposing
the misdeeds of one's superiors is a common path to promotion;
over time, all the wraiths incapable of either efficient honesty or
smart abuses go to either Thralldom or the forges. Intellectual
fads afflict the Restless Dead just as thoroughly as the living, how-
ever. The Necropolis' day-to-day operations often depend on quiet,
hard-working subordinates who trudge along while senior offi-
cials pursue harebrained schemes for reorganizing, improving
morale or simply renaming everything. Visionaries crowd into
London seeking opportunity just as often as pragmatic, power-
hungry wraiths do, and the Anacreons' staffs search endlessly for
wraiths with "interesting new ideas."

while

‘emote, me

under

ret units


Any wraith who lasts for very long in the London Hierarchy
must have a way of coping with pressures from below, a knack for
preserving equilibrium in the face of constant change and enough
ruthlessness to exploit the weaknesses of superiors. The Citadel holds
few wraiths who can plausibly be described as very nice, but many
(even most) do in fact share a genuine desire to secure as much
good as possible for as many wraiths as possible, within the frame-
work the Empire provides. In other Necropoli the local authorities
may or may not care about Charon's mandate to protect the wraiths
of the Dark Kingdom of Iron; in London that mandate matters.

The Anacreons need both military and civilian staffs. The
routine of Necropolis afterlife seldom calls for large-scale military
response, but the sheer size of the city means that many wraiths
must take part to provide anything like effective patrols. Lik

wise, it takes a great many administrators to keep records in order
High turnover at all ranks creates constant opportunities, with
wraiths seeking transfers from other Citadels as well as ambitious
locals seeing London as a path to power.

Others

Few relationships in the Underworld are as tidy as "firm
friends or allies with no complicating factors" or "implacable en-
emies." Whatever official declarations may say, wraiths of varying
allegiances must learn to cooperate with the wraiths they come
into regular contact with. Hierarch, Heretic and Renegade may
all share a favored leisure spot, or have Fetters attached to the
same general location or have a mutual interest in some construc-
tive task. Wraiths on opposite sides of a political fence may share
an enemy or a Passion.

When mixing characters of diverse allegiances, be sure to
provide points of contact that are strong enough to keep the char-
acters together in the depths of the crisis. Troupes that split off to

go in separate directions are far more likely to perish separately.
Characters need not be profound confidants, but neither should
they carry serious hostility toward each other. There are enough
wraiths out there who want to tear the Circle asunder already
without giving them more help from the inside.

Existing characters may have any of several sorts of ties to
London, including:

© The Byway from London to Stygia is one of the largest and
best-maintained anywhere in the Empire. Characters who do regu-
lar business with Stygia almost inevitably end up passing through

A few character types don't fit the demands of this adven:

ture well. Asa result, players may want to reconsider playing:
Risen, who cannot cross into the Tempest, and there-

fore cannot take part in the second through fourth chapters.
haracters native to the Dark Kingdom of Jade, who,

face pressure from both Stygia and their homeland to take
sides in the escalating conflict, and who may well become
targets of assassination if they refuse. Yu Huang wants all of

"his" wraiths in the Iron Shadowlands working in accordance

with his plans or removed once and for all

© Characters native to other Dark Kingdoms, to whom
face much greater suspicion and hostility than Stygian wraiths

1s the adventure approaches its climax

Moving into Position
If the characters in a chronicle don't already reside in Lor

don, the Storyteller can lead up to the events of this adventure
with the process of relocation. Over the course of several se:

sions, present the characters with reasons to move: promotion
within their respective organizations, greater opportunities in
business or personal pursuits, social connections and the lik

Draw the characters into Necropolis London society, so that
when the crisis erupts, the characters have a personal stake in
the outcome. The adventure can work perfectly well with char-
acters in the Necropolis as outsiders, driven by more general
and abstract concerns, but personal commitments generate
some of the most interesting conflict and tension in a story.

London. Couriers, Thrall dealers and commercial escorts all be

come acquainted with the Necropolis. They get to know officials,
find available Haunts and establish friendships or at least acquain

tances among London's permanent residents.

© The sheer size of Necropolis London means that individu
als who ply marginal trades or cater to exotic tastes may have
more success finding customers in dead London than elsewhere.

¢ Characters who serve in an organization like one of the
Legions or Guilds may earn a posting to London as a promotion.
It's a move to a place where there are many opportunities and
concomitant responsibilities.

¢ Finally, wraiths may have purely personal connections with
London and its environs. A Fetter might move or be moved to
London; a friend (living or dead) may move there. A wraith might
enjoy vacationing in London, enjoying the bustle in a city where
the Dictum Mortuum is spoken more softly than in many Necropoli.
(Since the time of the Insurrection [see Wraith: Great War, page
36], the city's Anacreons have maintained a policy of not fretting
too strenuously about minor violations, freeing their resources to
concentrate on major problems.)

Ic's best if characters have at least a modicum of prior experi-
ence with London as this adventure begins. If none of them do, the
Storyteller may wish to consider adding an expendable companion
to the Circle, to act as guide and deliverer of necessary exposition.

fetters

A number of the wraiths the characters will encounter in
the course of this adventure, including the Oracle John Davis
and Fetter-management specialists within the various Legions,
know Lifeweb. Creating temporary Fetters should be something
the elder wraiths take for granted as part of preparing for the trip
across the Tempest and for the great battles within Stygian walls.

one of the temporary Fetters will be very strong, but they at
least provide points to return to if the characters are so unfortu

nate as to fall into a Harrowing during the course of events

Harrowings

Use the normal rules for Harrowings until the end of the second
chapter, when the Sixth Great Maelstrom breaks out. If the charac-
ters have Fetters in London, use them: characters who begin the ad:
venture should have a fair chance to finish it. If characters created
specifically for this adventure don't have Fetters in London, encour
age the players to change one or more Fetters before things get roll-

The last Danse Macabre 35


ing. (This is technically known as "having God sit in your lap," but
the needs of the story —and of keeping all of the characters involved
in the story — take priority.) Characters who fight the invasion in
the company of other wraiths should get a chance to benefit from
Splice Strand and the creation of a temporary Fetter, if necessary.
After the Great Maelstrom begins, Harrowings take longer
to resolve. Wraiths wait in a state of suspended consciousness for
hours or even days before the Harrowing takes place. The Har-
rowing itself takes no more time than usual. The delays come
from the confused state of the lower Tempest and Labyrinth, with
Spectres displaced far from their usual domains and the Labyrinth
itself rejecting its mobile occupants. You have discretion in de-
ciding how long to keep a character who gets Harrowed in the
final chapters out of action, though the wait shouldn't be too long.
A few scenes' delay suffices to establish the altered nature of the
environment. If necessary, the player of the trapped character can
help out with Shadowguiding other characters in the meanwhile.

Patt
Evious Cas Craig Hand

Let's talk of graves, of worms, and epitaphs, make dust our pa-

per, and with rainy eyes write sorrow on the bosom of the earth.
— William Shakespeare, Richard II, Act Ill, Scene II

The Scene: Necropolis London

Living London forces constant change upon dead London.
Grand schemes for redevelopment of slums and run-down areas
slam new walls through old Haunts, and when the walls enclose
new spaces for commerce and living, Skinlands traffic follows to
take advantage of them. In the World of Darkness the resulting
extremes are even more pronounced: The darkest slums fester and
breed miseries to compare with any Third World famine or war
zone, while shining new towers gleam with a dark, inhuman edge.

The Thames runs approximately west to east through Lon-
don. Haunts cluster most thickly along its banks in the central
and east-central districts, from Blackfriars Bridge and the Tower
of London to the Thames Barrier. The north bank holds more
and larger Haunts than the south bank, since the north bank in-
cludes more large commercial facilities and official buildings of
various kinds, with more large empty spaces the living leave alone.
The gradual decline of the London docks — exacerbated in the
World of Darkness by supernatural manipulation — created op-
portunities for wraiths, since it proved cheaper for Skinlands busi-
nesses to develop new docks than to rehabilitate the old ones.

While the docks host many of the city's wraiths, every dis-
trict of the city (and the metropolitan sprawl beyond city limits)
hosts some Haunts. The crush of population and demand for space
mean that few large tracts of land remain undeveloped for very
long, but wherever there's a run-down wing of a big building or a
neglected neighborhood, wraiths find shelter.

The London Citadel marks the western end of the Necropolis'
area of densest wraith population. An Arizona entrepreneur bought
London Bridge and moved it out of the country in the 1960s.
London's Monitors struck a quick deal with the Citadel: in ex-

36 Ends of Empire

change for the Anacreons pardoning some captured Guildwraiths,
the Monitors took advantage of the bridge's disassembly to covert
it into a relic. The physical structure of the bridge now stands in
Arizona, but the essence of the bridge, the care invested in it over
the centuries, stayed behind.

Citadel engineers erected relic and Artifact structures all
around the ghost of the bridge, leaving room for the replacement
bridge and Skinlands shipping. Soaring towers stand at each end
of the bridge, holding watch rooms, offices for the Citadel's most
senior wraiths and mustering points for elite military units. Smaller
outbuildings stretch along the banks and even below water level.
(It took very careful timing and careful Argos use to pull the trick
off, and the current Anacreons frown on the practice as wasteful
stunt-pulling. They approve no new maritime construction,
though ambitious administrators keep proposing extensions to the
existing underwater structures.) Work space in the Citadel is one
of the great tokens of personal prestige, and Hierarchy wraiths
compete vigorously for the prize.

Some wraiths also manage to make do in the midst of some
of London's busiest districts. Churches, museums and other public
buildings offer many chambers with ceilings that soar far above
the level of pedestrian or vehicular traffic. Enterprising wraiths
cobble together scaffolds and platforms, connected by elaborate
systems of cables carrying handcars and gondolas of various sizes.
They risk discorporation only when living people come up to
clean a ceiling or perform some maintenance chore. The rest of
the time, the space overhead belongs to the Restless Dead.
London's "roof wraiths" can observe the ceremonies in St. Paul's
Cathedral and the Houses of Parliament, attend the shows in
West End theaters and delve into the stacks at the British Li-
brary with very little risk of interference from mortals. Occa-
sionally a particularly sensitive human might sense the presence
of dead things overhead, but that's just part of the ambiance of
life in an old, busy city.

Even further removed from ground level, whole communi-
ties flourish underground. Wraiths gather in abandoned subway
tunnels, bomb shelters and other underground fixtures. Through-
out the centuries, it's often been cheaper to simply seal up an old
tunnel and dig a new one than keep re-fitting existing tunnels to
accommodate changing technology and uses. The pace of obso-
lescence sped up with the Industrial Revolution. Behind Skinlands
locks and barricades, countless miles of prime Haunt space wait
for wraiths: old subway tunnels, two complete sets of back-up gov-
ernment offices constructed during eras of international tension
and wartime quarters for tens of thousands of refugees.

Many of these spaces have never been entered since they
were closed up, and the only visitors to most of the rest are sur-
veyors, historians and the occasional thrill-seeker. Wraiths get
virtually all of the abandoned realm for their own exclusive use.
Most of the construction took place in highly emotionally charged
circumstances, so the warrens' ghostly inhabitants get a steady
diet of residual Pathos as well as sanctuary.

qhe Tower of London

The Hierarchy would dearly love to have the Tower of Lon-
don for its own. Hierarchy agents do manage to keep it closed for
repairs for years on end, but inevitably Skinlands popular pressure
leads to its being reopened. While most mortals cannot consciously
sense the accumulated Pathos in the place, they can recognize a
certain "something." Wraiths understand that something far bet-
ter, and want to draw on it for sustenance and power.

KS

AMTK

Wraiths and living human beings aren't the only ones
interested in the Tower. It also serves as home to the largest
European gathering of Corax. The wereravens use the Towet
as home base for forays into the hostile environment of Eu
rope and into the Underworld. The Tower is the only place
in the material world some Corax, almost altogether Sun
Lost, care to visit. The Corax deal on good terms with the
local Hierarchy, trading information and providing mutual
assistance. The Citadel would much prefer that the Corax
not also deal with Renegades and Heretics, but cannot man-
age to prevent the Corax from doing so. Most London wraiths
are familiar with the sight of the large black birds winging
beneath gray Shadowlands skies, and many can tell stories of
getting help, or at least interesting conversation, from Corax

See Corax for more information about the wereravens.

London By the Numbers

Seven million human beings live in Skinlands London. The
vast majority don't become wraiths when they die — less than
one soul in 20 emerges across the Shroud in an environment as
relatively calm and peaceful as the Great Britain of the 1990s. Far
more people become wraiths upon death in times of great calam-
ity and suffering, and wraiths can last (with care and luck) a very
long time. In the modern day, about a million active wraiths in-
habit the London Necropolis, including those who work directly
for the Hierarchy, independent wraiths, Guildwraiths and wraiths

in Thralldom for specific periods of time. (Wraiths sentenced to
perpetual servitude may sometimes escape or win a pardon, but in
practical terms they're doomed.)

About 50,000 wraiths occupy the Necropolis as short-term resi- hs
dents at any given moment. Thousands of messengers move through
the Necropolis, or rest and recuperate before embarking on the next :
leg of their journeys, acting on behalf of Citadels, Legion garrisons,
Byway inspectors and all the countless other branches of the Hier-
archy. Hundreds of messengers also move on behalf of the Guilds, cae

Heretic cults, Renegade bands and other groups not officially sanc-
tioned. On most days, like the day of the invasion, tens of thou- :
sands of mercantile wraiths carry their goods, licit and otherwise.
Individual wraiths pass through for all the reasons discussed in {
"Moving Into Position," above, and for many more. The Hierarchy

attempts to track the movements of independent wraiths, but in-
evitably loses track of many and never detects others at all.

qhe Pace of Adventure

"The Last Danse Macabre" does not provide a very rigorous
timetable, and as Storyteller, you can compress or expand events
tosuit the needs of your chronicle. The key events of each episode
can unfold in a single session, or span several sessions each. The
single day described for the first episode, for instance, can readily
become several days of complex maneuver and counter-maneu
ver. This is the climax of the secret story of the Underworld' fate,
now made visible. Itshould be neither hurried nor dawdled throug
but unfold with a steady dramatic sense of urgency.


A third of the wraiths in London died either in 1914-23
(World War Land the great influenza plague) or 1939-45 (World
War II). The rest span the gamut of history from yesterday to
pre-Roman antiquity.

First Movement: Assault
The invasion

The invasion from the Dark Kingdom of Jade begins literally
with a bang, or rather with countless thousands of bangs.

A Note to Storyteller

First thi

What's Going On?

Yu Huang and his general plant
vilable

n of |

of the f their

ways the ny

terlaklook# oveewhelminis
eontblicate eve

The day of the invasion dawns without portents in the sky.
Skinlands London enjoys clear sunshine; the Necropolis at least
lies under no more gloom than usual. The city's wraiths go about
their business — soldiers on patrol, merchants vending their wares
in back streets and converted warehouses, tourists strolling along
walkways and roof-level bridges to see the sights. Convoys sail around
Skinlands ships and into the Tempest, while ships (and aircraft and
ground vehicles) move out of Byways into the Shadowlands.

There's no warning of the invasion. One moment, those in
the Tempest or peering into it see only the usual Byways surrounded
by the usual turbulence. The next moment, brand-new Byways,
hewed from gleaming White Jade, stretch off into the distance.
Where the new Byways cross old ones, the existing Byways de-
form or even shatter altogether; hapless wraiths moving along the
ruined routes disappear into the storm. Yellow Springs aircraft,
both relics and Artifacts constructed specially for this assault, fly
low over the new Byways, attacking wraiths still on the preexist-
ing paths. Close behind come armored vehicles and wraiths with
speed-enhancing arts, leading long columns of troops.

The invasion draws on a variety of Byway forms. Some re-
semble roads, and carry troops and ground equipment. Others re-
semble rivers and canals, and carry the Yellow Springs navy, with
vessels ranging from two-man patrol craft on up to full battleships.
Still other Byways manifest siiply as columns of clear air with steady
winds, through which aircraft can fly with maximum efficiency.

Troops in the front ranks of the invasion carry catapults or
other means of launching bottled Nihils. Most of the Nihils open
up on the troops' artificial Byways, letting invaders march onto major
streets and sail into the Thames. Some of the Nihils open up in the
sky over the Necropolis so that airborne forces can leave the Tem-
pest ready for their aerial missions. Yu Huang assigned his best troops
to the attacks on major Necropoli, and made sure that they drilled
thoroughly. It pays off. Hundreds of artificial Nihils open all across
the city within seconds of each other. The second wave arrives five

38 Ends of Empire

minutes later, moving through its own set of Nihils, and the third
wave arrives through its Nihils five minutes after that.
Characters anywhere near the invaders' primary targets (see "The
Plan of Attack," below) find themselves surrounded by invaders.
Characters elsewhere may find themselves near a Jade unit assigned
to secondary duties, or may witness the invasion from a distance.

The jade Army by the Numbers

The Skinlands countries that provide the Yellow Springs with
souls (free or occupied) include more than 1.5 billion human be-
ings. More of them become' wraiths than do inhabitants of the
Western world, but then spleasant, fates await more of them,
too. The loyal subjects offfhe Yellow Srings enjoy a comfortable
afterlife only because others go to Ti Yuand the White Jade facto-
ties. On the other hand, Yellow Springs wraiths do not suffer the
depredations of Great Maelstroms... or at‘least traditionally did
not. So the total wraithly population of the Yellow Springs is larger
in relationship to rhe total living population.

The Imperial army and militia combined usually total no more
than 10 percentof the "free" wraiths under Yu Huang's rule. In the
years leading up,to the invasion, this percentage grew gradually,
masked by minor fluctuations up and down and wrapped in stories
about response to various erises. Still)the army marches to war with
a total strength in the millions. Many of these are in no sense fit for
serious combat or other demanding tasks,/but can serve as rein-
forcements, cannon fodder, garrison guards and the like. The effec-
tive military force is much smaller, but its members are armed with
the best equipment Yu Huang's quartermasters can provide.

The major Necropoli get the lion's share of the military elite.
The generals' strategy calls for maximum exploitation of surprise
at the points of greatest Stygian' strength, with later follow-up
actions against weaker Necropoli.

qhe Plan of Attack

Yu Huang's spies have spent years studying their targets, and
the Yellow Springs' best strategists developed plans for seizing the
key points within each major Necropolis. The unexpectedly high
failure rate among Byway-generating Artifacts forces frantic re-
design of timetables, abandonment of secondary objectives and
other moves to focus remaining resources. This is what the gener-
als come up with on the spur of the moment.

Attackers hold a decisive advantage only during the first mo-
ments of assault. The balance of power then quickly swings back
toward defenders. First of all, defenders know the terrain and re-
sources better: not just physical and corporeal features, but where
to find Pathos reserves, the Fetters to which Harrowed defenders
will return and other stockpiles of useful resources. Both sides can
shift between Tempest and Shadowlands, and with their superior
knowledge, defenders can arrange complex ambushes. The attack-
ers must gain as much territory as possible as quickly as possible,
then secure their perimeters against the inevitable counterattacks.
Otherwise, they will be whittled down to nothing very rapidly.

The Jade armies enter the Dark Kingdom of Iron with as-
sets that, their generals hope, will let them make the best use of
their initial window of opportunity. The troops themselves are
the best available, most of them veterans of campaigns in the
Occupied Territories. The Smiling Lord's treachery insures that
they do not face equally excellent defenders, since many of
Stygia's best troops have been sent to the Eurasian front, where
decoy forces keep them occupied until the invasion breaks. In


addition, the Jade troops carry the best equipment available, relics
harvested in special levies across the Middle Kingdom and Arti-
facts of White Jade produced in recent years for this war. Outfit-
ting the expedition emptied many of the Yellow Springs' trea-
sure troves, a carefully calculated risk that will only return its
investment with a swift victory.

Scenes From the War: Ambush!

As previously noted, London's wraiths use an intricate se-
ries of catwalks and bridges to get around without stumbling
through mortal traffic. Residents quickly learn the ins and outs
of this maze, but the invading troops have a little more diffi-
culty navigating.

Storyteller Note:

All of the sections marked "Scenes From the War" are
optional encounters that you may or may not want to insert
into your chronicle. You can certainly feel free to ignore any
ind all of them, but they serve as touchstones in the greater
action, things that your characters can get involved with while
the pillars of heaven shake around them. If the examples pro:
vided don't work for you, feel free to come up with other
encounters — London is certainly full of plenty of excite
ment at this point. Just don't let the characters become spec
tators to history. They are the heroes of this chronicle, and

they need to act rather than watch or even react

,? Oe |

The Circle comes across a small band of Jade soldiers en-
tangled in a series of walkways, clearly lost. There are eight sol-
diers, two of whom are bickering loudly as to which way is the
best route to their objective. Two of the others stand watchful,
while the remaining four simply look bored. Only two have weap-
ons at hand, meaning that in the case of a sudden surprise attack
the Jade wraiths would have only two effective defenders. There
are several options open to the characters

If they have distance weapons or Arcanoi that work at a
distance, they can try to attack the intruders from where they
stand. (Wits + Stealth, difficulty 5 not to be spotted by one of the
guards while getting the attack going) Conversely, the characters
may try to destroy the catwalk itself, plunging the wraiths into
the busy street where they'll no doubt be pummeled into
Harrowings by heavy automotive traffic.

¢ Sneaking up on the soldiers takes a bit more doing, but
allows for a more effective attack. Wits + Streetwise, or an equiva-
lent skill (difficulty 7), allows the characters to get into an effec-
tive position to bushwhack the intruders.

If this is the route the characters take, they get in one clear
shot before the patrol snaps back to life and starts returning fire.
The characters get one turn of ambush, another wherein only the
two wraiths on watch can return fire, and then all hell breaks loose.

The walkway the soldiers occupy is wide enough for two
wraiths to stand abreast and fight. Clever characters may perform
duck-and-fire maneuvers (difficulty on the shot is increased by
one for the character firing, while the wraith doing the ducking
needs a Dexterity + Melee success, difficulty 6, to keep from tum-
bling off the walkway, standing up too soon or otherwise doing

The Last Danse Macabre 39


something foolish.) Argos and Leap of Rage can also allow char-
acters to get in better or different angles on the attack. Charac-
ters wishing to use Leap of Rage to jump to an encircling position
on the other side of the walkway can do so at a +2 difficulty, due
to the narrow nature of the landing zone.

The soldiers put up a fierce resistance, and do not retreat
unless utterly beaten. They will not, under any circumstances,
surrender, having been inculcated with all sorts of horror stories
about what Stygian wraiths do to their prisoners. After six turns
of combat, a Jade patrol starts moving up the street below. If the
characters haven't already finished their opponents off, they now
come under fire from the street, and may be forced to retreat.
How the characters do in this encounter may determine their at-
titude toward future brushes with the invaders.

© Of course, the characters can always decide on the better
part of valor and sneak off. If that's the case, the Storyteller may
want to have the befuddled patrol pick their trail and chase them
across the rooftops of London, fighting a running battle all the
way. The longer the battle goes on, the more likely other soldiers
are to notice and join in. Sooner or later the characters will have
to stand and fight, lay an ambush or try to hide.

Headquarters

Every unit larger than a platoon includes wraiths whose role is to
give orders and collect responses. They normally operate from tempo-
rary shelters that provide a level or two of armor equivalent, unless
they find convenient local property to use, like Haunts whose occu-
pants now lie on the far side of Harrowings or elsewhere out of the way.

Given the disruptions of the initial assault, many field HQs
must operate on their own, something for which they've not been
trained or prepared. Unit commanders have experience making
decisions on the small scale, but the whole structure of the Jade
army weighs against innovation. Perceptive wraiths can exploit
the situation further by attacking field HQs. If a unit loses its
commanding officers, it splits into smaller components, and for
the next scene, is at +1 difficulty to perform any actions due to
the confused state of affairs.

qhe first Wave

Somewhere in the process of preparing the means by which
the Jade army breaches the Tempest, Yu Huang's fabricators made
some crucial mistakes (see page 27). Half the jade amulets used for
flinging the troops into battle explode either when opened or a few
seconds thereafter, destroying the invading troops nearby. All across
the Necropolis, sudden bursts of barrow-flame mark the failures.

The biggest explosion occurs on the Thames, as the
battleship Righteous Judgment of the Firmament gets halfway
through its Nihil only to break apart as the Nihil collapses.
Ammunition stores cut in half detonate and send chain reac-
tions blasting through both halves of the ship, in the
Shadowlands and in the Tempest. Not a single wraith man-
ages to make it off the ship. Nearby support craft also catch
fire and sink or explode4Smaller but still significant explo-
sions mark the spots where tanks or transports emerging on
land get ripped apart; brief flashes and lingering smoke show
where foot soldiers perish.

ss

BIRD G0 8 Nadas +e

oe


Wraiths of the Dark Kingdom of Iron who have military ex
perience may recognize the degree of disorder the Nihil failures
create, with one or more successes on a Perception + Alertness
roll (difficulty 6). Other wraiths more likely see it all as part of
some hideous plan, and lose more rather than less courage be-
cause of the explosions.

In fact, the Jade plan cannot work as intended given the de-
gree of losses suffered. Contingency plans covered lesser degrees
of initial failure, not this massive front-wide problem. Command-
ers improvise a variety of local solutions and rush to establish new
lines of communication.

The immortal Guards Activities

The statistics given on page 47 for the Immortal Guard task
force assigned to London reflect the capabilities of an elite unit.
Each of the soldiers is capable of commanding a regular platoon
on his own, and the commander has under his command multiple
contingents of these supernaturally powerful wraiths.

A single Guardsman is capable of taking on most groups of
characters without any serious difficulty. Allow characters with
combat abilities to realize early on just how formidable a target
a Guardsmen presents, and allow them to retreat. Since the
Guardsmen want to get lines of communication restored as soon
as possible, they allow minor distractions to remove themselves
without pursuing and destroying those annoyances. Actually de-
feating a Guardsman requires coordinated effort, and a fair bit
of luck as well.

The initial Targets
Insofar as they're able to do so, invading forces concentrate
on a few major objectives. These include:

© The Citadel — Sailors take a few turns to remove the re-
straints locking down guns for safe transit through the Tempest.
Once the guns can move freely, the battleship Emperor's Wrath
concentrates its main guns on the London Citadel.

© The Tower of London — The Emperor's Wrath aims sec-
ondary gunfire at the Tower. The invasion plan calls for reduc-
ing the Citadel first, then turning to the Tower. The Tower
holds fewer wraiths than the Citadel and plays a less essential
role in the Necropolis' organization, but it's better fortified,
thanks to the Pathos invested in the structure over centuries.
A dozen cruisers survive the initial Nihil collapses and pro-
vide supporting fire, dividing their attention between the Cita-
del, the Tower and any threatening-looking gatherings of
would-be defenders. One pair of cruisers heads upstream, an-
other downstream, firing to pick off minor strong points and
keep the invaded population distra

© The Eastside docks — Surviving transports make for shore
to tie up and unload the thousands of Jade marines they carry.
They rendezvous with the survivors of the land force assigned to
the docks. Meanwhile, units close to the shoreline help out as
they can with transport debarkation:

qhe Rectifiers of the Way

Any city as busy as London presents formidable obstacles to
large-scale Shadowlands operations. Without some way to clear a
path for military units, discorporation would be a constant men-
ace. The Jade forces include special squads of wraiths trained in a
variety of Arcanoi to deal with these problems: Inhabit to neu-
tralize and remove machinery, Outrage to clear miscellaneous

cted,

It goes without saying that the invasion generates a tre-
mendous amount of negative energy. Fear, terror, pain, gree
and other unpleasant emotions rise from the combat like
floodwaters, and every Shadow in the city can eat quite nicely
without doing much to stir itself

What this means is that there's plenty of Thorn action
going on in the city, not to mention a great deal of Catharsis.
Make sure to feed Angst to the characters' Shadows on a regu
lar basis (one point per hour of gameplay is a nice start)
Shadowguides should be encouraged to be active
with the use of Thorns like Bad Luck and Trick of the Light
Wraiths thé characters come in contact with

particularly

should also be experiencing severe Shadow difficulties
When the man at the back of the charge

en over by his

the guy holding the line until reinforcements get there sud.
denly sees enemies where there are none and looks the wrong
way — such things can rapidly change the course of a battle.

obstacles, Puppetry to remove particularly troublesome living
people and Pandemonium to drive bystanders away.

Rectification squads enter London airborne. They identify
targets in advance of major ground units and endeavor to remove
problems. A single Rectifier can take on up to a dozen wraiths,
exploiting her own speed and combat training to keep targets con-
fused. Rectifiers work together to deal with larger obstacles like
crowded intersections. Their standard tactic is to isolate a section
of road by destroying or disabling vehicles at each end of a strip
one or more blocks long, then destroying or disabling targets within
the blocked-off area.

Rectifiers get a +2 bonus to Initiative until characters fight
two rounds of combat with them, except for characters with prior
experience in aerial combat. Few wraiths have the reflexes or habits
of thought to keep looking up for eee enemies.

The Course of True War Neer Did Run Smooth

The invasion commenced with a straightforward timetable,
now drastically complicated by initial losses.

© Secure initial beachheads. This was supposed to be the
simplest task. Wherever significant concentrations of Jade force
arrive, remove London wraiths; erect barriers and defensive forti-
fications; set up temporary forges to replace losses in supplies. With-
out the losses on arrival, this would take no more than a scene or
two. The unexpected losses turn it into a matter of hours or even
days, and the task will continue until events in future chapters
render it a moot point. Units of division strength and above re-
group most quickly; units below regiment strength may never get
coherent perimeters marked before the Great Maelstrom arrives.

© Advance on primary targets. Once divisions (or reason-
ably coherent smaller-sized fragments) secure their own posi-
tions, they advance on the goals identified above in "The Initial
Targets." Within secured beachheads, follow-up regiments mount
sweeps for London wraiths to take as prisoners, erect forges with
which to replenish lost supplies and establish more reliable mes-
sage relays between headquarters units. Intact units can begin
their advances within two scenes of the initial invasion, while

The Last Danse Macabre 41


others must persist in securing their beachheads and making
contact with superiors.

© Seize primary targets. While ground forces gather, the Jade
navy directs its fire at the Citadel and Tower (and occasional tar-
gets of opportunity). The bombardment must let up as ground
forces approach — shelling one's own troops seldom works very
well. The Jade commanders try to get the largest groups of more
or less intact troops to the most important targets, but the chaos
of the actual situation does not allow for perfect match-ups.

¢ Later objectives. Once both the Citadel and the Tower
are in Jade hands, the plan goes, a continuous strong perimeter
across the center of Necropolis London can be the launching point
for systematic looting of the city's resources. Souls, relics, Arti-
facts, whatever's available can all enrich the Jade Empire in vari-
‘ous ways. In practice this stage won't arrive at all. Even the most

successful units will be swept away in the Great Maelstrom.

Once More Unto the Breac

Troupes who wish to play out a highly military-oriet

adventure should consult the mass « s in Wrait
Great War. Available relic techr

than Skinlands advances, so the Storyteller does not need t
write a fresh set of damage charts or anything of the sort. Troupe:
less interested in sustained tactical resolution should empha
size the flexible, evolving, non-combat aspects of the situa

ape and so on

42 Ends of Empire

The invasion Step By Ste

Step I: Secure initial Beachheads

Wraiths caught in areas flooded with Jade troops have only one
viable option: escape. Fortunately, the task is difficult rather than
impossible. Defenders enjoy these advantages against the watchful-
ness of the invaders and the launching of patrols intended specifi-
cally to capture London wraiths within the initial points of contact:

© Superior knowledge of the territory — Wraiths native to Lon-
don, or who have spent any significant period of time in the Necropolis,
know this area well. The main thoroughfares carry constant high vol-
umes of Skinlands traffic, so wraiths lear alternate routes through side
streets, along rooftops and through underground tunnels. Wraiths seek-
ing to escape dd the successes from an Perception + Streetwise
roll to all Stealth rolls for the rest of the scene.

© Confusion among invaders. Subtract one die from Leader-
ship and Initiative dice pools for wraiths in divisions isolated from
their superior officers. The smaller the gathering of wraiths, the
greater the penalty. While all of this goes on, characters and other
London wraiths can exploit the opportunities for surprise and speed.

Characters being hunted by Jade wraiths on perimeter-secur-
ing duties must accumulate five successes more than their hunt-
ers on a series of Dexterity + Stealth rolls against the hunters'
Perception + Alertness. The troupe can simply resolve this ab-

ail,

stractly, but it's more fun to play out the chase. The pursuit wends
through busy city streets, dark alleys, towering office buildings
and cavernous warehouses. With a modicum of planning, the
characters can even ambush some of their pursuers. If they suc-
ceed in wiping out a platoon of Jade wraiths, the pursuers' accu-
mulated successes are lost; most likely the characters can then
escape immediately to safer territory.

The Emperor's Wrath's 5" and 6" guns (see page 47 for statis-
tics) open fire on dockside targets as soon as the ship settles into
the Thames. Supporting ships add their fire, so that by the end of
the first scene, wraiths who spend more than a few turns in the
open in view of the East End riverfront face withering artillery
fire. Even small shells suffice to plunge wraiths — armored or not
—into Destruction Harrowings.

While the ships clear the area, land troops disembark from the
Emperor's Wrath and transport vessels. Troops with Flicker move
onto the docks immediately, to engage in combat with wraiths that
shipboard guns can't readily reach. The Immortal Guard commander
jumps to shore to apply Chains of the Emperor arts to remaining
local wraiths. Jade wraiths with relic diving suits enter the Thames
to deal with underwater threats, and soldiers proficient in Outrage
or Inhabit move Skinlands vessels out of the way. Then the gang-
ways descend and regular troops move off in formation.

A Storyteller who cannot dissuade players from having their
characters attack the main Thames-side forces does not need to
play out the ensuing combat in detail. A fight against a squad of
Immortal Guardsmen and hundreds of fresh Jade troops can have
only one outcome.

Yu Huang's plans called for the immediate replacement of lost
stores through quick forging of local wraiths. The surprisingly high
failure rate of invading vehicles makes this even more imperative. So
"snatch squads"— often composed of several squads of soldiers ac-
companied by a tank to which captured wraiths can be chained —
sweep through the East End. They bring to bear soulfire explosives,
battering rams and improvised tools to force their way into storm
shelters. Characters with Passions concerned with justice, protecting
others and the like should feel the urge to intervene in these cases.
Even characters lacking in nobility may well see the pragmatic value
in denying the invaders valuable corporeal resources.

Scenes from the War: On the Waterfront

The characters have learned from fellow resistance fighters
that there's a cache of relic ammunition sitting in a crate on the
docks, along with all sorts of other contraband that normally would
get the owners soulforged for possession. These are not normal times,
however, and that sort of thing is desperately needed to help repel
the invasion. One way or another the wraiths end up with the as-
signment of retrieving it. They get promised a percentage of what
they bring back, so it isn't quite as unfair a job as it seems. Still,
getting out with what they need is not going to be easy.

Simply getting down to the dock area is extremely difficult.
Several ships are shelling (see page 47) the area, and dodging the
impacts is both dangerous and time-consuming. A large percent-
age of the Shadowlands architecture is being leveled as well, mak-
ing movement slow and cover harder to find in some places.

Suddenly, the shelling stops. The characters may decide this
is the perfect time to move, and break for the ammunition dump
(Yes, they have been provided with a map, if necessary). More
cautious wraiths may wonder why the firing has ceased, and look
around. On a successful Perception + Alertness roll, the reason

becomes all too clear: A pair of Imperial Guardsmen are march-
ing through the area, going from building to building and crate to
crate, obviously looking for something.

If the characters are already on the move, the Guardsmen
spot them ona Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 5) and move
in. The Guardsmen will attempt to capture the characters and
force them to lead the soldiers to the ammo dump. Wise Circles |
will split up, with one or two characters drawing the Guardsmen
off while the others get in, get as much of the ammunition as they
can carry, and get out. The characters probably don't have enough,
time to go through the other crates, but if they do they find an
astonishing quantity and variety of relics, many of them some-
what prurient in nature. (Yes, there is a black market in smut in
the Underworld, and the characters have unwittingly stumbled
into it.) At this point the scene turns into a pair of challenges:
Can the decoys stay ahead of the Imperial Guardsmen and can
the other wraiths get their prize out before the soldiers figure out
that they've been had. Furthermore, if the decoys get caught, the
other characters may attempt a rescue. If they do, their best chance
is to hit the Guardsmen before they get back to their lines. Other-
wise things can get problematic (though a daring extraction mis-
sion is certainly a chapter possibility, as the characters sneak into;
the heart of the enemy encampment to rescue their friends).

If the characters wait, or don't decide to go with the decoy
route, they have a chance of sneaking past the Guardsmen on a
Dexterity + Stealth roll (difficulty 7). All of the characters must
succeed in this roll, or else the group is discovered. If the roll is
successful, the wraiths can sneak out to the ammo dump and get
what they need, then try to sneak back. The roll for getting out is
ata +1 difficulty to the one for getting in, as the wraiths are now
burdened down with rather a lot of ammunition. If the Guards-
men spot the characters, they will pursue as far as they can.
Whether or not the characters arrange to have a surprise waiting
for the Imperial Guardsmen is entirely up to them.

The ammunition is in small boxes packed into a larger crate.
There are 24 boxes in the crate, and an enterprising Circle should
be able to figure out a way to get most, ifnot all, out. Opening the
crate requires a relic crowbar or some such and three successes on

a Strength + Melee roll; impatient characters can just smash their

way in but the noise may attract the Guardsmen.

Once the Guardsmen pass by, the shelling starts again, and
sooner or later a direct hit finds the ammunition. Even among *
the dead, he who hesitates is lost. {

The Disorganized Forces

What the pieces of units scattered across the Necropolis, sepa-
rated from each other by distance and the burning remains of
exploded bottled Nihils, do next depends greatly on the personal-
ity of their commander. The usual approach is to secure the im- |
mediate vicinity, moving to a better location if the unit simply
cannot secure the point of arrival, then attempt to establish con-
tact with the nearest visible concentration of Jade troops.

Not every separate unit behaves like all the others. In particu-
lar, when a commander takes enough injury to have difficulty pro-
viding effective leadership and the assigned Protector remains healthy,
the Protector generally orders aggressive pursuit of the unit's goal
whether or not the goal makes sense given present realities. Pitched
battles between Protectors and military wraiths break out at various
points; characters fortunate enough to witness such a dispute may
well wish to exploit the opportunity for flight or attack.

The Last Danse Macabre B


Scenes from the War: The Relic Warehouse

Somewhere not far from the docks sits a relic warehouse which
houses telics seized by Necropolis authorities from Renegades and
other criminals. But these somehow slipped through the cracks of
official record-keeping. A small network of mid-ranking officials doles

the relics out to their favored associates, for everything from bribes to

anniversary presents. Small relics occupy trays in desks and wall rac
dd carefully, others not).

larger ones rest in crates (some lab

London wraiths who shelter from the dockside perimeter
sweeps here may find the warehouse a mixed blessing. The vast
majority of the relics are minor (one- or two-point items), while
many of the rest are broken, tainted or otherwise unreliable. Some
could explode, and would if struck with significant force during

battle. The interior maze of haphazardly stacked crates lowers vis-
ibility to no more than a few feet for any wraith who can't fly, or
at least clamber up onto the boxes. Moving along the tops of the
stacks requires a Dexterity + Athletics check (difficulty 5) each
turn to avoid slipping falling 10 to 20 feet.

ithin a few minutes of Jade soldiers discovering the ware-
house, a follow-up platoon arrives, well-armed and prepared to
The warehouse can provide only a tem-
the characters have moved in the back

remove anything of value.
porary shelter. Meanwhile
door and are busy ransacking the place for all it's worth. If they

decide to duke it out with the soldiers, the cramped nature of the

The 18" guns of the
with Yellow Springs Arcanoi to enhance their explosive force.
The Storyteller should designate'a target spot and roll the
artillerist's Intelligence + Military (difficulty 6). On failure,
each | means a drift of up to 10 feet in a random direction. If
a forward observer can pass along a re|
shell's point of impact, the artillerist can spend up to three

nperor's Wrath lob shells prepared

ort of the previous

turns preparing for the next one; each turn of delay adds one
die to his dice pool. Damage rolls for anyone within 15 feet of
a shell's point of impact are irrelevant. Wraiths within the
primary blast radius must make a Dexterity + Athletics (or
Martial Arts) roll (difficulty 8) to escape. Those still inside
plunge immediately to a Destruction Harrowing. Wraiths
within 30 feet take eight dice of aggravated damage; wraiths
within 45 feet take eight dice of regular damage, which can
be soaked. Each success at a Foreshadow roll immediately
before a shell strikes allows the Fatalism-using wraith (de
pending on location) an extra die to roll to escape the pri
mary blast radius, converts aggravated to normal damage or
adds one die to the wraith's Soak roll.

Three shell impacts within a 10-foot space break down a
section of fortified wall. Defenders can bring Alchemy and
Arcanoi to bear to fix the gap; as a temporary measure,
Martialry can meld three wraiths into a man-high barrier that

other

requires another shell or comparable damage to penetrate
This requires three extra successes and two points of Will
power, and takes two turns

Each 18

doctrine calls for firing only one ona given turn, so that each

gun fires once every six turns. Jade military

one in sequence can benefit from observations of previous
shots. On any turn where no gun fires, waiting soldiers direct
small arms fire at any exposed defenders and provide covers
for mining or other efforts at subverting defenses.

44 Ends of Empire

warehouse evens the odds. The soldiers cannot bring their full
numbers to bear in the cramped enclosure, particularly if the char-
acters start toppling shelves, hurling barrowbombs and the like. It
will take 10 turns for the soldiers to admit they're backed up and
send a squad around the back to try to pincer their opposition;
that maneuver takes another two turns.

If the characters just want to smash the place, that's a bit
sier. Suitable uses of Outrage and the like (especially the pow-
ers listed in the Guildbook) can bring the whole thing down ina
matter of turns. Then it's a question of Dexterity + Athletics (dif
ficulty 7) to make sure the characters get out as well, if any are
foolish enough to remain inside.

Step 2: Advance on Primary Targets

Naval bombardment dominates one scene's worth of action
for characters anywhere near the waterfront. Nobody ignores sus-
tained shelling, whether personally near the target area or not
Even characters well away from the Thames should notice (and
most likely worry about) the steady rhythm of massive explosions.

While the navy's big guns fire, the divisions along the water-

Ait maneuver into position #Demolitionlcompanienrenone
buildings and other obstructions. Snatch teams prowl through
buildings left standing, searching for forge fodder, concealed would-
be snipers and any other London wraiths not yet uncovered.

Organizing Resistance

The Hierarchy never planned for an attack so deep within
Stygian territory without plenty of advance warning. Standard
Stygian military doctrine assumes advance notice of hours, if not
days or weeks, with plenty of time to rally troops in response to
observable threats. Even the best emergency-response system in
the world can't adjust to a timetable of minutes.

Routine patrol assignments spread Stygian soldiers
throughout the city, but nowhere in very strong concentra-
tions. Two or more platoon-sized groups of soldiers in one place
means that there's trouble going on as the invasion breaks.
Possible causes include:

© Renegades attempting to liberate Hierarchy-held Thralls,
or Thralls bought by private citizens. The Renegades can range
from starry-eyed idealists to scum who pride themselves on being
more brutal than Hierarchy slavers.

Fighting around a Haunt or gathering of Guildwraiths. The
Spooks in particular maintain a fairly sizable presence in London,
thanks to a mostly unspoken truce with the Citadel. All of the
Guilds maintain some presence in the Necropolis — a Storyteller
looking for a way to bring together a mixed group of Hierarchy
wraiths and Guildwraiths can even use this as an opening scene.

© Heretics who view the invasion as a form of divine retribu-
tion, and who hamper the resistance effort "in accordance with
God's will." Bystanders may well join in on both sides, if the Sto-
ryteller cares to handle a confused, multi-sided melee.

On the other hand, there are a great many wraiths who
prefer the devil they know to the one they don't. As such, in
many places Heretics, Renegades, Guildwraiths and Legionnaires
are fighting cheek by jowl. The snatch squads have made their
presence known, and even the most defiant Renegade knows
what's going to happen to him if the invaders get their hands on
him. There are stories of defiance and unity as well as pain and
defeat to be told here.


Other incidents

Some other scenes that might be worth attempting include:
© Recruitment — The characters try to rally die-hard Ren
egades or Heretics to the flag, but it might take some convincing
* Naval Action — By s
mandeer a ship and take the battle to the enemy in the river.
While the invaders wreck any Shadowlands craft they see, that

me means the characters com:

doesn't mean it's impossible to use something in the Skinlands
* Rescue sIdiers are taking a cargo of captured
wraiths back to the White Jade mills. The characters must
intercept the caravan and rescue the prisone
¢ Escape — Somehow the invaders have advanced theit
position past where the characters are hiding, Now the wraiths
vithout beit

must get out of enemy lin aptured or destroyed

Scenes from the War: into the Court

somewhere in the East End, just off a busy main street, lies a
small residence court on a steeply sloping street. A narrow road
runs downhill to the main street; old worn stairs lead up out of
the court's other end to the next street. Two buildings of flats
stand on each side of the court. Nobody in the Skinlands lives in
any of them except for squatters, not since the whole set was con-
demned 15 years ago. Since demolition keeps getting delayed by
bureaucratic complications, they all provide thriving Haunts.

Like many East End wraiths, the Renegades and Heretics who
inhabit Utterson Court hold no great enthusiasm for the Hierar-
chy. But they hold even less for soldiers, particularly soldiers bent
on wiping out Utterson Court and its inhabitants. Characters who
succeed at Oratory and Streetwise checks can rouse up to a dozen
Urtterson wraiths to interest in coordinated action.

Utterson Court lends itself to a very simple ambush: Wraiths
acting as bait attract Jade pursuit up into the court. While the bait
escapes, wraiths in the flats overlooking the court rain down heavy
objects, gunfire if they have any guns available and whatever
Arcanoi they can muster. The ambushers earn automatic surprise,
particularly if the Jade troops charge after the bait wraiths in haste.
Ambushers can topple roofstones to block off the downhill exit
and arrange themselves in rough ranks to block the stairs up. Any
Jade soldier who enters one of the buildings to strike at ambushers
faces more problems, including narrow high stairwells that allow
no room for melee weapons but do allow for hand-to-hand strikes.

The Battle Below

Underground routes not yet under Jade control make excel-
lent rallying points for London wraiths. The old platforms can
accommodate hundreds or even thousands of wraiths, and many
were designed to withstand wartime bombardments. The stairs
andclevators to the surface provide clearly defined:lines Of ap-
sroackis witich can be Sealediolfinteessary: by carefully applied
destructive force. (A few well-powered Stonehand Punches can
collapse many archways, for instance.) The usually narrow stair-
wells subtract at least one die from dice pools for melee weapons
and any combat maneuver requiring space to turn or twist.

Before fighting begins, underground stations, bomb shelters and
the like provide good bases of operation for spying and sabotage.
Construction designed for the Restless Dead won't come with air

shafts, for instance, but anything built for the living will. Covered
grates allow wraiths to peer out with very little risk of being seen (at
least +2 difficulty to Alertness and Awareness rolls by Jade soldiers).
Many old underground installations were sealed off when abandoned,
but often not with undue thoroughness—in many cases only a thin
wall of plaster or sheet of plywood stands between the surface world
and an old entrance. Wraiths coming up from below can burst through
and enjoy automatic surprise for the first round of combat, as long as
they get through the barrier in a single turn. Wraiths with arts that
don't require tangibility may incur the Rule of Ouch penalty while
passing through the barrier rather than removing it.

As regiments gain control of the area around entrances to
underground strongholds, companies descend to open Nihils
through which emerge relic locomotives prepared to sweep along
old Underground tracks. These trains range from early 19th cen-
tury to mid-20th century vintage. Each consists of a locomotive,
its engine enhanced by concentrated Pathos stores, one carriage
to carry troops and a second carriage to carry prisoners and cargo.
An engineering platoon operates the train while the rest of a com-
pany rides along to chart and attack as necessary. Once a locomo-
tive crew reports a stretch of track free, additional companies de-
scend to finish securing the area. They can then use other exits as
the launching points for further attacks.

Characters with train experience can attempt to capture the
Jade trains to use for themselves. If none of the player characters
know how to operate a train, the Storyteller can allow the use of
Charisma + Streetwise or Charisma + Status rolls to locate other
wraiths in the area who do. It takes six wraiths to operate one of the
Jade trains, though only three have to possess actual engineering
competence as long as the others can follow instructions. Other
Jade troops will not at first suspect anything if London wraiths ap-
proach in a captured train; this is another path to surprise attack.

Many potential complications can arise. The constant shelling
from the Emperor's Wrath may cause weak roofing to collapse, possi-
bly just blocking a tunnel, possibly opening a shaft to a higher level
of tunnel or even the surface. Spectres and Plasmics cast up by the
Maelstrom may not want any wraith, Stygian or otherwise, intruding
on their new dwelling. Scared Jade soldiers sometimes bolt to go

AWOL. More courageous Jade soldiers treat their cowardly comrades
as targets at least as important as London's own defenders; characters
could end up as innocent bystanders in an existing crossfire. London
wraiths who came below to seek shelter from the storm need rescu-
ing, but might be too panicked to understand or obey with even the
most sensible orders, and end up creating problems of their own.

How invaders Fai

Even after losses to accidents and whatnot, the Jade invasion force
numbers are still huge. If the fight took place on a level, featureless
plain with a clearly defined boundary, the invaders would win: they are
better organized, better armed and armored, and better trained.

London has features which complicate the picture

Above all, the invaders did not expect or prepare for the loss
of half their force. All their timetables assumed some minimal
degree of loss during the passage.
move precisely as planned; many isolated units can take no effec-
tive action at all, other than perhaps self-defense. The chaos gives

Jo element of the invasion can

defenders crucial time to survey the scene and prepare a response.

Many Jade soldiers become worried about the reliability of
their weapons after the initial explosions. Around every smoking
bit of ruin, soldiers think, "Maybe my gun will do that too, if I

The Last Danse Macabre 45

—


push it too hard." Jade soldiers with equipment that has a relic or
Artifact level higher than 2 must make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 6) to muster the courage to use their weapons for the rest of
the current scene. Soldiers in units commanded by a leader who
gets at least two successes on a Charisma + Leadership roll (diffi-
culty 7) may add one to their effective Willpower for this check.
The Storyteller may wish to roll once per discrete unit the char-
acters encounters, as keeping track of a huge number of individu-
als creates more problems than it solves.

Finally, the invaders have no personal experience with the
territory. It's one thing to read on a map that a network of iron
cables allows repair crews to maneuver beneath Tower Bridge. It's
something else for a captain desperately seeking a general, any
general, to remember to check those cables and avoid snipers or
demolitions-equipped defenders. In straight head-to-head battles,
each Jade soldier can kill several defenders... but in sabotage,
ambush and the like, a handful of defenders can reduce entire
brigades to devastated confusion. This chapter provides opportu-
nities to use the bombs, mines, missiles and other neat imple-
ments of destruction so many characters accumulate but can sel-
dom use without embarrassment.

Step 3: Seize Primary Targets

The Jade forces do win one decisive victory, over the Citadel.
After several scenes' worth of naval bombardment, the big guns fall
silent and ground forces advance to exploit weaknesses uncovered.

The Jade assault alternates periods of bombardment from ship-
board guns with periods of ground troop advance to exploit weak-
nesses. A few minutes of gunfire followed by several minutes of
probing advance is the usual pattern, with forward observers for
the battleship using relic telegraph equipment, signal flags or flares.
Ground commanders can use Keening-amplified coded shouts to
call in extra fire or announce a successful breakthrough (after
which the Emperor's Wrath turns its main guns on secondary tar-
gets like other bridges).

When the guns fall silent to allow for an approach, the troops
mass against any visible weaknesses. If shelling hasn't yet pro-
duced any promising-looking targets, troops concentrate on gate-
ways and windows. Attackers vastly outnumber defenders, but one
well-protected wraith can hold off five to 10 invaders as long as
main walls hold. Once the walls begin to go, the defenders must
flee or retreat to increasingly confined strong points, or find indi-
vidual places to hide. Eventually, the Citadel falls.

Elsewhere, chaos prevails among the Jade forces. Advances grind
toa halt. Sensible commanders make gathering into defensible safe
spaces their first priority; commanders with less sense fall in battle or
at the hands of their own insubordinate troops. London wraiths with
military expertise recognize the general fallback and move to exploit
it —characters willing to take the responsibility can lead the counter-
push in their area, either independently, acting in charge of local
volunteers or as part of a larger force under someone else's control.

Having Done All, Stand

The chapter concludes with the emergence of a stalemate be-
tween invaders and defenders. The invaders have a few key suc-
cesses to their credit, including the sacking of the Citadel, but can
make no further effective advance. The defenders have the invad-
ers contained but cannot yet push in. The Storyteller should con-
clude the episode at sunset, or sunrise if the troupe wishes to engage

46 Ends of Empire

in nocturnal adventures, and the general recognition that the first
stage of the war is over with nobody very satisfied by its outcome.

Statistics

jade Soldiers

Most of the soldiers of the Jade army share about the same
level of competence. The Storyteller should feel free to adjust
these numbers up (to reflect veteran and special units) or down
(to reflect relatively inexperienced groups), however.

The typical Jade soldier:

Physical: Strength 3, De:
Social: Charisma 3, Mai
Mental: Perception 3,

3, Stamina 3

ion 3, Appearance 3

nce 3, Wits 3

Dodge 2, Martial Arts 2
elee 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2,M

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Artifact 3

ite, Outrage, Usury
wer 6, Pathos 6, Ang:

Corpus 8.
Thorns: 4

are, after all,

ial units like weapons platoons,
bilities necessary for their ie

a of these ik 0
battalion leaders, three
and division leaders and

\ three or four dots; if
this wraith does nota above, then another
wraith who does worl
Most companies a1
wraith who knows Way
dots. The Soul arts play
during the stresses of battle}
this sort of preparation than

Scouts possess Argos 4 in addition to their other Arcanoi. Some

le in holding units together
le army puts more effort into

regiments maintain one or more platoons of wraiths who all know Argos
1, and these concealed units can do a tremendous amount of damage.


immortal Guardsmen

Yu Huang's personal guards operate on an altogether different
plane. They've fought together for more than two thousand years
and draw on the best resources of the Yellow Springs. Remember
their distinctive appearance: their Corpus consists of a substance as
solid as porcelain, but flexible, and the colors of their skins, clothes
and objects are brighter than anything else in the Shadowlands.

Statistics for the unit commander appear in parentheses.

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5 (6)

Social: Charisma 3 (4), Manipulation 3 (5), Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3 (4), Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3 (5), Athletics 3, Intimidation 3 (4),
Martial Arts (soft Shuai-Chiao) 4 (5)

Skills: Archery 4, Leadership 3 (5), Melee 5, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Etiquette 3 (4), Investigation 3 (4), Law 3 (4)

Arcanoi: Argos 2 (3), Fatalism 2, Moliate 4 (5), Chains of
the Emperor 4 (5), Way of the Scholar 3 (5)

Corpus 15, Willpower 8 (9), Pathos 150 (200)

Armor Rating: 5

Weapons: Jade weapons which inflict aggravated damage, at
least two for each Immortal Guardsman.

Artillery

Use these figures for the naval and land guns described be-
low. The accuracy of the fire depends on the competence of the
gun crew commander. The officers assigned to the attack on Lon-
don have Intelligence 4 and Heavy Weapons 4. Roll the
commander's Intelligence + Heavy Weapons (difficulty 6). On
one or more successes the shell lands fairly close to where it was
supposed to go (within the first blast radius' distance). Each fail-
ure translates into a five percent drift in a random direction; on a
botch the shell might jam and refuse to fire or go wildly astray. It
takes the rest of the scene to clear a jammed gun.

Heavy guns take six turns to load, aim and fire. The shell
does 20 dice of damage, plus two dice per extra success on the
targeting roll, to everything within 30 feet of the blast point. Ev-
erything within 75 feet takes 10 dice of damage, plus one die per
extra success. Everything within 200 feet takes half damage.

Medium guns take four turns to load, aim and fire. The shell
does 12 dice of damage, plus one per extra success, to everything
within twenty feet; eight dice (plus one per extra success) to every-
thing within 50 feet; and half damage to everything within 100 feet.

Light guns take two turns to load, aim and fire. The shell does 8
dice of damage, plus one per extra success, to everything within 10 feet;
four dice, plus one per success starting with the third success rolled, to
everything within 25 feet; and half damage to everything within 50 feet.

Fnperor's Wrath (Musashi)

The Japanese battleship Musashi entered the Shadowlands in
1945 during the battle for the Marianas, and Jade troops were ready.
It took only minutes to enslave the Enfant Japanese sailors and
install a loyal Jade crew. Since the mid-1950s (after a full refit), it
has provided heavy firepower wherever there's unrest on the fringes
of the Middle Kingdom. The ship's assignment to London now is a
mark of imperial trust, one that fills the crew with pride.

The Emperor's Wrath is 862 feet long and 121 feet wide amid-
ships. Thanks to relic engines, it has a maximum speed of 35 knots.

— substantially faster than most ghost ships and also faster than all
but the quickest Argos-using wraiths. A permanent crew of 2000
wraiths operates the ship and its weapons; for the invasion, the ship
carries another 2000 soldiers in (very cramped) temporary quarters.

The ship's weaponry includes nine 18" (heavy) guns, six 6" i
(medium) guns and 24 5" (light) guns. Sixteen inches of armor
belt provide an Armor Rating of 10.

The Imperial Guardsmen enter the Shadowlands standing
on the deck of the Emperor's Wrath.

Small ships

The dozen cruisers accompanying the Emperor's Wrath come
from a variety of eras and nations, but the Yellow Springs military {
overhauled them to conform to a standard design. They each carry |
eight 6" (medium) guns and 12 5" (light) guns. They have armor
of varying compositions and thicknesses, which provides an aver-
age Armor Rating of 8.

qhe Restless Dead of London

The typical London wraith:

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Raise two Attributes to three dots each. (Remember that |)!"

even the baseline rankings for player characters reflect greater-
than-normal capabilities.)

Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy |

Backgrounds: Distribute six dots among Allies, Artifact,
Contacts, Haunt and Relic.

Arcanoi: Distribute six dots among Argos, Castigate, Inhabit,
Keening, Moliate, Outrage and Usury. Keep in mind that wraiths
who demonstrate Arcanoi likely to flout the Dictum Mortuum at-
tract official attention, and probably need to develop Stealth and
Survival Abilities as well.

Corpus 6, Willpower 5, Pathos 5, Angst 3

Parti: into the Depths

Down these mean streets a man must go who is not himself mean,
who is neither tarnished nor afraid.
— Raymond Chandler, The Simple Art of Murder

A Screaming Comes Across the Sky

The last chapter ended with the emergence of a stalemate,
which the characters should have helped to create. This chapter
begins a few hours later.

In the meantime, characters need all the rest they can get.
Fortunately, their local piece of front line stays calm enough for
relaxation, healing, emergency Castigation and so on. The char-
acters get few opportunities for rest later on. Now is the time for
healing, preparation and the like.

The existence of a stalemate does not put an end to all fight-
ing. It merely describes the overall situation, neither side making
major advances. Wherever there's a weak spot in one side's lines,

The Last Danse Macabre 41 |


the other side sends in forces to exploit it; it's just that follow-up
pushes inevitably peter out when the threatened troops get backed
up by their better-secured comrades nearby. Major advances meet
with major opposition, so that the situation can change (for the
moment) only in detail.

Characters can seek out whatever level of local action suits
them. One block lies quiet, with wary Jade troops peering across
strong barricades and perhaps the rubble of some old buildings at
equally wary London wraiths. The London wraiths might be Hi-
erarchy troops, a well-organized band of independent fighters or
simply everyone in the neighborhood willing to help out. Just a
block away the situation can be very different, with skirmishes
between forces of company or even battalion scale, small-arms
fire mingled with artillery and combat Arcanos arts.

Some neighborhoods vary block by block. Others maintain
a constant level of active conflict for many blocks or even square
miles at a time. The one sure fact of urban warfare is that it's
unpredictable. Almost any outcome you care to present can be
made to fit in somewhere.

Fighting along the front isn't the only option available to
characters. Underground London is a vast, complex and poorly
known environment; characters seeking to strike at the enemy
behind the front can try sneaking through old underground tun-

nels, utility conduits or the sewers, emerging through manholes
and access hatches. Keep in mind the imperatives of the Jade plan;
the more major a thoroughfare, the more likely it is that Jade
forces control it, or are working hard at clearing it of opposition.
Side passages offer the best routes of approach (and departure).
Jade troops don't control all the territory within their front lines.
Characters can take part in heroic defenses of encircled buildings
and defensible areas, or in efforts to rescue heroic defenders through
underground routes. Stealth and combat capabilities count in equal
measure. See Chapter Nine of Wraith: The Oblivion for rules on
pursuit, shadowing, sneaking and many more dramatic things.

Scenes from the War: The Deputy

liza Maston died in 1865, at the age of 101. She'd been
a famous adventures, traveling to every continent and writ-
ing popular narratives of her adventures. After death she
joined the Iron Legionias an obseryer/spy, continuing her trav-
els and reporting. The Fourth Great Maelstrom nearly de
stroyed her, and upon surviving she decided that maybe she'd
had enough adventure for the time being. She returned to
London and settled down, devoting herself to observing the
evolution of her favorite neighborhoods.

Most storm wardens take up their work after having done
something else for a while: It's a way to be of service without
being in constant action. Maston's experience is dramatic but
not really unusual. Storm wardens should have interesting sto-
ties to tell about travel, intrigue, war and the like, if there's a
lull in the action. They all possess at least four dots of Casti-
gate and at least two of Fatalism or Lifeweb, as the basic tools
of their job. While they may not look corporeally impressive,
wardens tend to be very experienced at Dodge and other meth-
ods of evading potential assailants.

Maston encounters the characters while spreading news
about where to find shelters once the alert sounds. She can
help out ina pinch; if you need, you can use her as a source of
support without being blindingly obvious about it.

48 Ends of Empire

The ill Wind That Blows Nobody Good

The Iron Legion's Maelstrom Prediction and Preparation Unit
(MPPU) is a small office; in times of crisis it relies on the assistance
of deputies recruited from local Citadels. In London, veterans of
civil defense efforts during the world wars provide most of the depu-
ties. They lead safety drills, teach simple mnemonics about the
warning signs of approaching Maelstroms and attempt to instill a
sense of duty among wraiths at large. Whether their efforts seem
comic, serious or pathetic depends on Storyteller presentation. The

Maelstrom Force Levels

Force One
liquids carried up from the Tempest and some small pieces of solid
debris. Unprotected wraiths take no more than four dice of damage

Winds blow up to 40 mph. "Rain" includes

perscene, soakable. Class Twoarmorand minimal shelter offer com:
plete protection. Haunts reduce damage by two dice per Haunt level

¢ Force Two — Winds blow up to 80 mph. All tasks under-
taken outdoors or in places the wind can reach are at +1 diffi-
culty. "Rain" includes strange, noxious liquids and wriggling live
Plasmics. Solid debris includes chunks of pavement, wind-sharp-
ened fragments of bone and Stygian steel and other dangerous
objects. Spectres often move through the storm. Unprotected
wraiths take four to six dice of damage per scene, soakable. This
damage is aggravated up to one-quarter of the time. Armor pro:
vides its usual protection, while Haunts reduce damage by one
die per Haunt level. The storm blows in windows, rips away loose
roofs and the like, but cannot break through solid structures.

© Force Three — Winds blow up to 120 mph. Outdoor
activities are at +2 difficulty. "Rain" consists of a mixture of harm
less and dangerous elements, including dangerous fluids from
the Tempest and hostile Plasmics. Spectres fill.the storm and
converge on exposed wraiths. Unprotected wraiths take six to
eight dice of damage per scene; this damage is aggravated about
half the time
usual; Haunts reduce dame

Armor provides one less die of protection than
by one die per Haunt level. The
storm smashes through flimsy Shadowlands doors, roofs and walls.
© Force Four — Winds blow to at least 200 mph. Outdoor
activities are at +3 difficulty (or higher). Rain and debris slash in
from all angles, penetrating any place not tightly sealed. Spectres fill
the storm and attack anyone outdoors for more than a tum or two.
Exposed wraiths take eight to 12 dice of damage each scene; this
damage is aggravated half the time. Armor provides one less die of
protection than usual; Haunts reduce damage by one less die than
Haunt level, Buildings that lack strong reinforcement may collapse
© Force Five — Storms this strong blow only at the moments
of greatest chaos, like the outbreak of a Great Maelstrom. Wind
speeds are immeasurable. Outdoor activities are at a minimum of
+4 difficulty, and possibly much higher. Spectres converge almost
instantly on exposed targets. Exposed wraiths take at least 14 dice
of damage per scene, usually aggravated. Armor provides half nor:
mal protection, rounded down; Haunts reduce damage by one die
per two Haunt levels, rounded down. Only massive Citadels, struc
tures of Stygian steel and the like stand much chance of surviving.
e Wraith: The Great War for an extended discussion
of Maelstrom behavior and how wraiths may protect them-
selves against it

wal aed

MPPU deputies take their work very seriously (and make no mis-
take, it ultimately is important work), but they also tend to cling to
half-century old memories of how such things ought to be done.
The Smiling Lord's plan to use relic nuclear weapons is, of course,
asecret held at the highest levels of the Hierarchy, but the public face
of the campaign justifies concem. Any major military operation cre-
ates risks for minor Maelstroms, and operations against mysterious,
powerful enemies must be assumed to carry additional unknown risks.
Storm wardens circulate even during the invasion. They don't
rush to the front lines, but they try to remind as many wraiths as
possible that large-scale violence in the Shadowlands often stimu-
lates storms in the Tempest. Deputies may stop to lecture wraiths
on the importance of keeping an eye on nearby shelters, or scold
someone who makes fun of a deputy's safety jingle or rhyme. But
the cumulative effect of constant warnings, combined with im-
plausibly cheery and optimistic "news" reports from Stygia about
the progress of the campaign against Enoch, should be one of worry.

qhe Alert

See page 7 for the direct experience of Enoch's destruction.

The Night Mail, an informal alliance of pilots with relic air-
craft (both heavier- and lighter-than-air), circled the battlefield
ata safe distance, and raced off in all directions when the mush-
room cloud erupted. A single plane races high over embattled
London, its pilot shouting down in a Keening-amplified voice,
"Storm coming from Enoch!" Some Jade artillery units open fire
on the plane, but the pilot makes her way around and above the
flak, zooming off in search of safety somewhere else.

!

When Anarchy Comes to London

The invasion provided a clear, external enemy against whom
London's wraiths could rally. The storm presents a different sort
of peril. Wraiths see each other as part of the problem, competing
for the resources necessary to ensure their own survival. Fragile
accords among wraiths with differing agendas fighting together
against the invaders break down in the face of the storm. Only
the most disciplined or dedicated wraiths avoid panic and col-
lapse into the naked pursuit of narrowly defined self-interest.

Only a fraction of the city's wraiths could get to shelter even
without the complications of the war. As it is, every shelter not
actually on the front line becomes the focal point of a desperate
scramble among wraiths demanding admission. The Citadel would
normally take care of high-ranking officials, but now it's rubble
being sorted through by Jade soldiers. Surviving Hierarchy wraiths
join the press for shelter along with everyone else.

None of London's wraiths know how long they have until
the storm arrives. This is your opportunity to present the charac-
ters with raw, naked panic. Moments of chaos with which to chal-
lenge characters include:

¢ London wraiths guarding a stretch of artillery-damaged
buildings against a Jade offensive break and run for nearby shel-
ters. Jade troops scramble after them, hoping to get shelter for
themselves. The characters must rally resistance to deal with the
problem... or manage to get out of the way.

© Adventurous wraiths sneaking behind enemy lines through
abandoned warehouses or slum flats suddenly find Jade troops pour-


ing in through every available opening, searching for some scrap of
shelter. Whether the characters fight or flee, they find themselves in
a volatile situation. A mass of panicked troops is in some ways harder
to deal with than an organized corps, since the scared individuals pay
less attention to what happens to anyone but themselves.

© Wraiths flood into the West End and North London, hoping to
find some hiding hole amidst the bustle of Skinlands affairs. Rule of
Ouch collisions push refugees closer and closer to the brink of collapse,
and inevitably some of the wraiths fall into Harrowings. Those who
remain merely become that much more desperate. Roof-level networks
of footpaths fill up past capacity; those that do not host impromptu
battles break, sending wraiths spilling into the living crowds below.
Dictum Mortuum violations follow inevitably; some panicked Hierar-
chy wraiths focus obsessively on doing their duty to punish violators as
a way of avoiding thinking about the larger situation.

oryteller Note

r more than a scene or two.
ition | n_and the
the charac

of the

yural beneath the surface

n erases their tracks and hurries them

wr this purpose in various \

© Wraiths with strong Haunts or possibly useful relics face
the attacks of wraiths without. Characters with three or more dots
in Backgrounds like Haunt and Relic undoubtedly face this sort
of attack. Lesser property may also seem like sanctuary worth seiz-
ing by wraiths who've become sufficiently worried.

Half an hour passes between the Night Mail warning and the
arrival of the storm. In some parts of town, frenzied action fills the
whole time. Elsewhere, an initial bout of action gives way to long
waiting that takes as least as much psychological toll as the panic.

Ashes from the Dark City

The storm itself rises up out of the Tempest and blows across the
Shadowlands, ripping through open Nihils to tumble forth in all direc-
tions. In five minutes the wind rises from nothing to more than a hun-
dred miles an hour, and it continues to build after that. Storm clouds
tower miles overhead, Spectres swirling inside them. All the Spectres
drifting free in the Tempest when the mysterious, menacing city gets
vaporized rush to join the storm. Tempest-stuff resembling everything
from water to oil to acid sleets down on unprotected wraiths.

Storms bring out bad behavior in wraiths. Panicked shelter-
seekers grab at proffered Shadow dice and succumb to Catharsis.
Looters, Shadow-dominated and otherwise, swarm forth with
improvised armor to take advantage of the difficulties confront-
ing guards. Enemies of Citadel officials take the opportunity to
toss their victims into Harrowings; in the confusion of the storm,
who's to tell the difference between assassination and accident?
Individual exploitation of the general calamity undercuts all ef-
forts by MPPU deputies and others to organize for safety.

¢ The characters gather in a secure storm shelter, likely an
old underground station (one that Jade troops didn't attack) or
bomb shelter, and visit with Eliza Maston as she tends wraiths
brutalized by storm debris.

© Martially inclined characters can use some secure shelter as
the launching point for a counter-offensive against the Spectres

50 Ends of Empire

who rise with the storm, the Jade invaders or both. The Spectres
have no love for the invaders — in the depths of the Hive-Mind,
rumors circulate about Yu Huang's ultimate plans, and the forces
of the Labyrinth do not care to surrender what they see as their
rightful domain to anyone.

© Once away from outdoors and battlefields, characters may
explore. Much of London took only minor damage from the inva-
sion. Both above and below ground level, there are buildings to
wander through, living people to observe and secrets to seek.

¢ If your troupe would enjoy a crossover, this is a good moment to
bring in the Corax. The handful of Corax with experience of the
Shadowlands do what they can to help guide wraiths to shelter, all the
while observing the overall course of events. They gladly cooperate with
wraiths who share concer for the well-being of innocent victims.

Squads of Jade soldiers with kuei-go prowl for souls to capture
and hammer into White Jade, escorted by soldiers prepared to fight
the Spectres and London wraiths who might object. Improvised
workshops light the night around major ships and clusters of land
vehicles, as Jade troops work frantically to repair the damage so
many units suffered upon exiting their improvised Byways. Looters
prowl the streets, relying on stolen arms and armor and their own
knowledge and quickness to let them dodge the storm's perils.

Tempus fugit

Down in the depths of the Tempest, Xerxes Jones (see Medi-
ums) flounders ahead of the storm from Enoch and finally falls. When
the storm sweeps over him and destroys the nuclear warhead he car-
ries, the Sixth Great Maelstrom begins. Xerxes can survive only a
few hours in the teeth of the initial storm blast, and does not survive
the detonation of his own weapon. You can adjust the precise details
to suit the pace of your troupe's progress, but do not let characters
linger. Use the Oracle John Davis, described below, to impress upon
characters the need for urgent action, if characters dawdle too much.
If the characters really don't want to leave, as an absolute last mea-
sure, have Davis abduct them. He can incapacitate and command
them with Keening if he really needs to, but he'd rather not — he
continues to worry about what that might do to Fate's skeins.

Characters with Foreshadowing should rouse from Slumber
with the sense of great, great trouble coming. Characters with
Lifeweb may pick up a vague sense of impending disruption, more
severe and wide-ranging than the strands cut by the invasion.

The Second Death of Charon

john Davis

In 1827, John Davis opened the first casino in New Orleans, in-
troducing many European games of chance as well as providing space
to play familiar American games. By the time he died, gambling had
become a major enterprise for the city. He crossed the Shroud filled
with continued zeal for exploiting the risk-taking impulses of others,
but found the New Orleans Necropolis uncongenial. Neither the in-
creasingly powerful faction loyal to the Dark Kingdom of Ivory nor the
early aristocrats suited his fancy. He traveled at random for some time,
finally settling down in Necropolis London at the beginning of the
20th century. He soon became a fixture of the sporting scene there; the
Hierarchy overlooked his not-heavily-concealed ties to the Oracles
Guild in exchange for his occasional services for the Citadel.


What Davis Knows, What Davis Says

Davis knows that Charon was reborn as a mortal, that

the Mnemoi carry Charon's memories and that the Sixth Great

Aaelstrom is imminent. He doesn't know how thoroughly the

Oracles manipulated Charon's fate in life, about Charon's im-
pending Transcendence or Stygia's doom

Davis won't tell the characters everything he knows. The story

given below isa mixture of truths, selective emphasis and genuine

distortion. He justifies this to himself as being what's necessary to
motivate the characters to discharge their assigned roles.

Three years ago, Davis' long-standing run of lukewarm luck
turned red-hot. He shot up through the ranks, and suddenly found
himself being discussed seriously as a candidate for assuming the
office of Dealer, once the current Dealer inevitably started losing
When the Pantheon decided it was time to send instruction to
the prophesied guardians of Charon — the characters — Davis
was the obvious choice, close enough to the center of power to
need little briefing and thoroughly familiar with London. He was
on his way home from Stygia when the invasion and storm broke.

Davis cultivates the image of a 19th-century riverboat gam-
bler. Davis' appearance is very much a deliberate construct,
with heavy borrowings from Twain. When presenting even the
most basic information, Davis likes to leaven his speech with
colorful metaphors and exotic slang. The more passionate he
becomes, the louder and more colorfully he talks, to the point
of near incomprehensibility.

Wherever the characters are half an hour after the storm
breaks, Davis find them. Thanks to a touch of Pandemonium,
obstacles in his way tend to fall apart, while Fatalism and Lifeweb
help him steer around impending trouble. He greets each charac-
ter in turn, using any formal titles they posses. If the characters
show any surprise at this (and presumably they do), he describes
aspects of their experience of the invasion and storm to make it
clear that he knows things about them nobody could have wit-
nessed by normal means. By doing so, he hopes to establish at
least a curiosity about him in the characters, so that they'll hang
around long enough to listen to his pitch

Once he has the characters' attention, Davis tells them that
Fate chose them to rescue Charon from his current situation. He
produces scraps of records taken from the Oracles' archives: me-
dieval illuminated manuscripts, shards of Etruscan poetry and bat-
tered clay tablets whose hieroglyphics spell out the characters'
e freeing Charon

names, as well as making references to the Circ
from some sort of imprisonment. One picture shows Davis pre-
senting these very treasures to the characters. (Note: If Davis has
to produce more evidence than seems plausible for him to be car-

When Fools Don t Rush in

Not every troupe will include at least one character will-

ing and able to kill Anderson. But Fate says that Charon's
mortal shell dies now. If all of the characters decline, Davis
uses Outrage to do the deed himself, But he worries greatly
about doin it tampers with the skeins of Fate as he

unimaginably bad. So it's very much the last resort

rying on his person, he ma

he's secreted his bona fides.) The Oracle explains to the charac-
ters that the prison from which they must liberate Charon is that
of the material world. In short, they are to kill Charon, who now
dwells in London.

After delivering that bombshell, he provides some context:

© Long ago, the Oracles told Charon that he was doomed to
perish in battle with Goroolsemade plans with thelnemettn
protect his memories, so that when he fell, his empty soul could
escape the Underworld. He would then return at Stygia's moment
of greatest need.

¢ The plan worked. The Mnemoi received Charon's memo-
ries and scattered in the guise of the Empire's worst enemies. From
time to time, Charon would disappear from watchful gazes, going
off to refresh the Mnemoi's records of himself. When he fought
Gorool, he was ready to pass from the Underworld, and did.

© Charon was reborn as Charles Anderson, citizen of Lon-
don; and gtew'up ‘to' become an investment banker. He' in his
mid-50s, and in failing health, since hi
Raving bad uel' setting decent seccice Homi National Flealn See
vice. He would not have many more years to live in any event

's a heavy smoker who's

¢ But the crisis at hand (and crises yet to come, to which
Davis alludes only vaguely) requires Charon be reunited now,
without delay. So it's necessary to Reap him. Prophecy says that
the wraiths Davis now addresses are to be Fate's instruments for
the task.

Where Oracles Fear to Tread

Davis' revelations probably provoke extensive questions and
arguments from the characters. He deals with them as best he
can, endeavoring to offer reassurances about the rightness of it
all, while leading the characters to Anderson's current location.

The church of the parish of St. Dismas and St. John of God
(the patron saints of prisoners and the sick) occupies the end of
a small side street. It's large enough for a pulpit, 20 choristers,
and 200 worshippers. This particular evening only a handful of
pews hold anybody. Anderson sits alone off to one end of a pew
halfway between the door and the pulpit, so that the characters
can approach without risking Rule of Ouch interactions. The
pastor is a middle-aged man, scarred from youthful service in
colonial police forces but otherwise comfortably middle-class and
nondescript. The choir members range from high school to old
age, and sing Palestrina arrangements of psalms with equal mea-
sures of talent and enthusiasm. The parishioners are mostly eld-
erly men and women, with a few adults of varying ages there
because they enjoy the music even though they don't care about
the religious message (Anderson is one of these), and a smatter-
ing of teenagers and young adults using the church as crash space.
Pillar candles provide illumination, supplemented by glints of
lights from busier nearby streets refracted through the church's
stained glass windows.

The actual murder of Charon takes only a few moments.
Removing his Caul and Reaping him takes only a few more. Now
the characters and Davis must escort the single most important
wraith in the Empire to home and safety... and their companion
doesn't know any more of what's going on than any Enfant does.
He has no Shadow; the legacy of the Pardoners' great accident
continues. While he can and may act in self-destructive ways,
there's no dark voice within his head luring him on. The charac-
ters must explain everything about Underworld existence to him.

The Last Danse Macabre 51


‘SAAT Deu Satt

Ends of Empire

ture af the Gone Worl :
Niska

The wraith who now calls herself merely "Niska," or "water spirit,"
died not very many generations after Charon himself. She was a teen-
age girl, engaged but not yet married, when Mount Thera erupted and
swept her away with the rest of the village on Crete's north shore that
she called home. She was fond of sailing and had resented not being
allowed to join the men at their deep-sea work; after death she used
Inhabit to travel with sailors across all the seas of the known world.

Some centuries after death, she discovered an emerging tal-
ent for Mnemosynis and joined the Mnemoi. She managed to
hang onto one Fetter, a pillar she and her sisters had decorated
with carvings in honor of Demeter (which now rests in a museum
in Athens). She therefore never had to abandon the Shadowlands
altogether, but gradually her Mnemos duties took more and more
of her time. But when the prophecies of future doom became clear
and the great ritual of preserving Charon's memories was com-
plete, she gladly returned to a quiet afterlife, enjoying the sea.

She received warning of the need for Charon's imminent
reunification through the Mnemoi's limited Hive-Mind, and used
Argos to journey to London to meet with John Davis. Unfortu-
nately, she's fated to be destroyed in the meeting.

Passing the Torch of Memories

Niska emerges from her last jump in the street outside the
church of St. Dismas and St. John of God. She's haggard, and her
Shadow's been fighting her every step of the way for days. Both
Psyche and Shadow sense through Fatalism (and the Mnemos
Hive-Mind) that the crisis they've anticipated for centuries is at
hand, and her Shadow wants to stop her from playing her part.
When Niska arrives and senses Charon's presence, through a faint
resonance with the memories she carries, her Shadow pushes for
a suicide maneuver. It uses a Thorn that transforms Corpus into
Pathos, without requiring the Psyche's approval. In half a dozen
turns, Niska will drain to nothing and disappear, even though she
can use some very powerful arts in her final moments.

Niska shouts out for Charon and all with him. She staggers
toward Charon, her Corpus sloughing off with every step. She
screams at the characters to give her their hands, that this is
Charon's only hope. Every effort at establishing her intentions,
whether through Soulsight or analytical skills, shows her to be
free of Catharsis and apparently bent on doing good. The fact
that she recognizes Charon should be an indication that she's part
of the big story — characters who miss this altogether on their
own might discover it with a little hint from the Common Sense
Merit or other channels of Storyteller input.

All the characters she touches experience a brief moment of
vision. They find themselves all sharing the same point of view,
that of a girl descending a beachside cliff path in bright Mediterra-
nean sunlight. It's the living world, with their perceptions unclouded
by Deathsight. If any of the characters speaks, they find that they
can hear each other, dimly, with the unfamiliar point of view over-
laid on but not wholly displacing their usual senses. The girl wears
a bright red and blue tunic and worn leather sandals. She's heading
to a pier extending north into the ocean; two ships are tied up at
the moment, and one sailor offers a sacrifice of fish at an altar with
a carved pillar at the shoreward end of the pier. It's a warm, clear

that mai of
used. They pio
frameworks within
s fall into a

1e Mnem rned a |

memories stored without order t

neered techniques for imposing menta

which to sort things. Charon's memori symbolic

landscape der m hi characters now

ter the le in th

day except for a massive black cloud rising up from somewhere over
the northern horizon. Characters whose players succeed at an In-
telligence + History roll (difficulty 8) identify the scene as belong-
ing to the Mycenean culture destroyed by the eruption of Mt. Thera.

The characters find that they have no control over the point of
view. The girl whose memory they're experiencing isn't being influ-
enced from what is, from her point of view, the distant future. So the
characters see what she sees. They're not aware of her thoughts, but
they do perceive the environments she does, including understand-
ing the ancient Greek being spoken by the sailors.

Suddenly the black cloud in the north swells and rockets higher,
miles into the atmosphere, while hot winds blow across the Aegean
Sea and Crete. The sky darkens from ash and fast-moving clouds.
The sea churns into a white-capped frenzy. The docked boats pound
up and down, bouncing repeatedly against the dock (fatally crushing
any sailors who slip). Earthquakes bring down huge pieces of the cliff
face. The last thing Niska sees in the Skinlands is the altar pillar.
She's thrown into it by a passing tremor, her vision filling with a
freshly painted bas-relief of a bull leaping, then flashing to blackness.

The next thing she sees is the Shadowlands, and her Caul
being removed by a kindly looking wraith. He wears a simple robe,
and his face is that of the just-Reaped Charles Anderson. He tells
Niska, "There, there, family-daughter. The worst is past now. Time
to learn what comes next."

The Memory Palace in Darkness

Without transition, the characters who were in Niska's memo-
ries find themselves apparently standing at the bottom of a spiral
staircase. There's a blank Stygian steel door at the foot of the stairs. A
few arrow loops provide openings along one wall, but beyond them
the characters can see only a featureless black void. The stairs curve
up ina circle several hundred feet in diameter. At each floor, there's
a Stygian steel door emblazoned with the sigil for one of the Arcanoi.
After the last of these, the top landing ends in another blank door.

Each of the doors swings open with the distant sound of grind-
ing gears when the characters approach. The doors at top and
bottom open onto flat white walkways stretching off through the
void, leading to a remote glow within which no details are vis-
ible. Characters who stand in a threshold for a moment may hear
a variety of uncertain sounds, like rodents scurrying, something
bubbling or metal plates slamming together. The sounds disap-
pear as soon as the characters move away from the threshold again.

Characters who set out on either of the white walks find them-
selves moving very rapidly. In a few steps they arrive at a doorway
identical to the main door of the Church of St. Dismas and St. John of
God. It also opens into darkness broken by white walk. If they step
through, they return to their own Corpus, as described on page XX.
The characters return immediately once all the doors have been opened.

As each door opens for a first time, one wall of the landing
on that floor disappears, offering a window (of sorts) onto one of
Charon's memories. The point of view in each case is Charon's.
Characters cannot enter into the scene or affect it; it plays out,
and then the wall regains its usual nature.

The Alchemy Door. No scene plays. Either Charon has no
memory he strongly associates with this Arcanos, or Niska didn't
carry it if he did.

The Argos Door. This scene is a quiet vignette, not a pat-
ticularly special moment, but representative of the way Charon
spent many, many years. He poles his raft through the River of
Sorrows, as it was long ago. The river flows wide and deep, un-
clogged except along its banks. From time to time he lifts his/lan-
tern high to peer into the gloom on each side; he moves his head
slowly, memorizing each line and curve of the shores. There's a
distant buzzing sound. Characters who concentrate may, be'able
to recognize it as Charon's still-developing Shadow, whispering
threats of the destruction of everything Charon now examines

The Castigate Door. Charon tours the hasement of the Par-
doners' chapter house in Stygia, with Sister Acceptance at his
side. He looks up at the huge container full of Angst as Pardoner
acolytes empty their individual flasks of Aifgst into tubes running
up. Sister Acceptance speaks with confidenge, "Ofcourse it's safe,
my lord. Look at these beams, forged from Nhudri's finest mate-
rial, tested to withstand far more load than we ever put upon them."

"It is my experience," Charon says, "thateyerything can break
— people, Surely the Underworld teaches us that
nothing lasts forever. I fear that you may put too much trust in your
things, and not enough in preparations for when the worst comes."

The Embody Door. No'scene plays. Either Charon has no
memory he strongly associaté§ with this Arcanos, or Niska didn't
carry it if he did.

The Fatalism Door. Charon sits on an outcropping of rock
somewhere in the Tempest. It's sometime before the Third Great
Maelstrom. The sea lapping around the rock moves with a slow,
viscous rhythm, and the dark clouds overhead aren't anywhere
close to being storm clouds. A Mediterranean woman of
unguessable age sits next to Charon, one arm around him; tears
track down her cheeks, Her forehead bears a deathmark whose
shape constantly drifts and evolves, passing through all the Le-
gions' marks if turn. Charon concludes some speech already un-
derway when th@ymeni6ry begins. "...and after all that, | return,
and pass away again? That's it?"

The woman —the Lady of Fate — nods. "It is. It's not the story
you would have chosen, nor the story I would have chosen for you.
Fate does not offer us the choice. All I ever wanted was to be reunited
with my husband, and that won't happen for a long, long time yet."

After a moment's silence, Charon stands up and turns to survey
the eridless sea. "Well, then, all I can do is make the most of what Fate
giveS:me. \Let it be an existence worth remembering when I'm gone."

Thenhabit Door. Charon stands in Nhudri's forges, exam-
ining a sword whose hilt Nhudri grasps. "I'm not sure I see the
problem, Master Artificer."

"Look more carefully, damn it!" Nhudri stops and looks em-
barrasséd, then his scarred and burned face is suddenly illumi-
nated by innocence. "My apologies."

"Never mind. Let me see." Charon stares intently at the
sword, shifting his head to cast a shadow. Within the dimmer illu-
mination, flaws in the sword's construction glimmer by reflected
light. "Ah, I see. Yes, you have unworthy apprentices.

The Last Danse Macabre 3


"I should work out some kind of system, I suppose, for train-
ing themeBut this—," Nhudri gestures at the work around him,
"—this is avhat I do. Perhaps you could advise me on choosing
som@Ohe)to do the rest?"

The Intimation Door. No scene plays. Either Charon has
no memory he strongly associates with this Arcanos, or Niska
didn't carry it if he did.

The Keening Door. Charon stands facing the Smiling Lord in a
throne room (that of the Smiling Lord's palace). The city of Stygia
spreads out along mountainous slopes toward the Sea of Sorrows. The
Smiling Lord is accompanied by two guards who wear uniforms of the
Great War era. He addresses Charon in a calm voice, "No, | will not
explain. If you have charges of treason and can convince my fellow
lords of them, do so. Otherwise you're wasting my time. You speak of
leadership, but you haven't actually led in centuries. I can use the con-
tacts you accuse me of to clear away the debris and build a better soci-
ety ona clean foundation. But | admit nothing of your charges."

Charon answers, quietly at first, then gaining volume and
intensity. He combines Crescendo and Requiem beneath Sotto
Voce. By the timé he finishes, the guards have collapsed, stunned;
strips of torn Corpusidaingle loose from beneath the Smiling Lord's
mask and armor. *Your predecessor went to the forges for an of-
fense less than what you plan. Judgment will come for you in due
season. Fate doesn't rely on me alone for these things; the events
you set in motion will'destroy you in the end. When the last mo-
ment comes, you will have no time for repentance, so if a worry or
regret ever crosses your mind before then, treasure it. You'll need
a final shred of hope when you boil away. You admit nothing. But
in your every move you confirm the truth of the reports given to
me. You are an admission, with each step, of greed and soul-rot.
When your end comes, remember that I offered you the chance
to confess and make amends now, and that you refused."

The Lifeweb Door. Charon stands in the Shadowlands, in a
German museum. (All the signs are in German, and a newspaper
headline dates the scene as Aptil 1),1871.) He peers at a collection
of funerary urns decorated in' Roman imperial designs. He leans
back and half-closes his eyes, and the network of Lifeweb connec-
tions comes into focus. One of the ums has a strong strand running
down and out of sight; the uta glows'faintly with the deathmark of
the Skeletal Legion. Charon approaches to reach into the urn. Af-
ter a moment's tugging the strand comes loose, and with a brief
push through the Shroud he knocks it over onto the floor. He speaks
softly to himself, "Three Deathlords down. On to Cairo."

The Mnemosynis Door. Charon sits ona black throne, fac-
ing a semi-circle of about three dozen wi s with the marks of
Mnemosynis. The characters may recognize Niska among them.
Charon gives a short laugh, then speaks, ich of sadness in
his voice. "They'll see you as villains €¥ ‘ere works per-
fectly, you know. Deception takes on a life of its Own. Ifany of you
want to leave now, go with my blessing," He Waits; none of the
Mnemoi leave. "Very well, then. Let your'last visit to the Onyx
Tower be a productive one. Let's begin." He leans forward and
stares at his hands for the remaining moments of the memory.

The Moliate Door. Charon examines himself in/a, mirror.
He looks like a squat Russian soldier, dressed in early-20th cen-
tury uniform, with no resemblance to his usual selfé,Characters
may not be able to recognize him at all until he speek he
familiar voice. "Thank you, Slander, it's a marvelous, di

A completely neutral voice, betraying no clu¢ba ay the
nature of its owner, comes from somewhere behi Karon.
"You're welcome. It was an interesting challenge. Not, quite my
usual line of work."

Ends of Empire


Charon laughs, "Nor mine. But if the fools in their palaces
want to fight each other, I'd as soon be out of the way for a while.
Afterall,who could pay you if they decided to remove me as an
obstacle? let's attend to my voice."

"The Outrage Door. No scene plays. Either Charon has no
memory he strongly, associates with this Arcanos, or Niska didn't
carry it if he didg

The Pander
has no memory
didn't carry it ifhe di

The Phantasm Door. NoS¢ene plays. Either Charon has no
memory he strongly associates "Gp Gav cte'h or Niska didn't
carry it if he did. Nb /

The Puppetry Door. No sceng plays. thee
memory he strongly associates with this Arcani
carry it if he did.

The Usury Door. In the amas of the First Gleat Mgéletrom,
Charon and other wraiths battle against Spectrés on the Stygian
waterfront. The storm whips the sea into endléss ranks of wh
caps, and city-sized monsters splash up in the distances
just turned in favor of the defenders, with Spectres'
along a gradually eroding front. Charon swivels from‘ ide,to ide
to see how his fellow warriors are doing, and misses a S| Avith
long claws until the Spectre actually impales him. Charon swings
Siklos around to decapitate the Spectre, but staggers and falls.

One of the wraithly soldiers drops her axe and withdraws
from some pocket a pair of Usurer's scales. She slices off Corpus
from her own arm, weighs it in the scales and applies it to Charon's
wounds. In a moment he stands again. "My thanks. Your sacrifice
means much to me. Get to shelter, and let your comrades carry
the battle for you now." He picks up Siklos again and charges
back into the fray, slicing through more Spectres as he goes.

Memory and the Moment

Time does not stop for the rest of the Underworld while
Mnemosynis-touched characters explore Charon's memories. The
memories do flow by faster than real time, though they don't feel
hurried while the characters experience them.

Wraiths around the characters wandering this part of the
Memory Palace see the characters suddenly become unrespon-
sive. While in Mnemosynis-related trance, the characters' eyes
lose their focus. They stand motionless, apart from occasional
movement of their heads in response to unfolding recollections.

Anyone trying to get the attention of characters in the
Memory Palace must succeed in an opposed Willpower roll (dif-
ficulty 8). Within the Memory Palace, characters hear outside
sounds very dimly, if at all, unless they concentrate. Then the
memory freezes; while they continue to see only the scene, their
other senses report the world of the present day. As soon as the
characters stop concentrating on the present day, then the
memory resumes.

See page 112 for the full story of the Mnemoi's plans. If the
Mnemoi reveal themselves now, they'll want very much to estab-
lish that they're not enemies, and submit willingly to examina-
tion via Soulsight and the like. One or two of them have Shad-
ows perilously close to Catharsis, but none have the deep stench
of evil that any informed wraith would expect the treacherous,
perfidious, dangerous Mnemoi to have. Kismet shows them all to
have the same mark of importance to Fate's schemes.

‘ium, Door.No scene plays. Either Charon
associates with this Arcanos, or Niska

Baron has no

aps didn't

The characters then regain their usual perspectives. Davis and
Anderson stare curiously at them; Davis is reaching out, about to
try shaking one of the characters in what Davis saw as a momentary
trance state. Those who didn't partake in Niska's parting gift saw
the others freeze, stop responding to their environment and turn
their heads in unison, following Niska's movement. If the charac-
ters describe their experience, Davis suggests (if none of the char-
acters think of it) that it sounds like Mnemosynis at work.

Cautious characters may well wish to examine themselves
and each other for signs of spiritual corruption. After all, contact
with the dreaded Mnemoi may carry all sorts of unknown, dread-
ful risks. In fact, Niska passed along nothing but her share of
Charon's memories and a few of her own. There's no taint, no
increase in Angst, no lurking damage to the soul. Since neither ©
the characters nor Davis can readily know that, they should be
allowed to try Soulsight, Bulwark and anything else that comes to
mind. In response to rolls that generate only a few successes, the
Storyteller should feel free to preserve ambiguity. Provide defi-
nite "no"s only when rolls produce three or more successes. G

The Dark Descent

With great distaste, Davis explains any lingering questions the
characters may have. Yes, the Mnemoi carried Charon's memo-
ties... and now that Niska is lost, the characters must complete her
part of the mission. So it's doubly necessary that they get to Stygia.

The characters can go by Midnight Express if they lack trans-
portation of their own, or by some other way if they have it. Davis
should strongly discourage any effort to go through the Tempest
without a vehicle of some sort, since there's a Force Three storm |
blowing and the ever-present risk of its worsening.

By Train Through Layers of Afterlife

Before World War II, St. Dismas Station South was a signifi-
cant stop on underground routes leading to the city of London. But it
took enough damage from bombing raids that after the war, civil
engineers found it easier to seal off the station and a few blocks of
track on each side. Now an underground line runs a quarter-mile to
the west. In the 1950s, St. Dismas Station South reopened for busi-
ness in the Shadowlands as a stop for the Midnight Express. The
train slides into the Shadowlands on the abandoned tracks at one
end of the station, and slides out again on the tracks at the otherend.

The trip from church to station can be as eventful as the Story-
teller thinks appropriate. The characters must not forget that there's
an invasion underway, but the Storyteller can present any of several |,
spectacles that convey the menace as well as a fight scene would:

© Battlefields abandoned because of the storm — Some front lines
remain thickly manned, and combat actively rages along a few. Many
less-defensible positions now stand vacant. Broken weapons and ma-
chines litter the landscape. Broken Haunts line the streets, ripped open
and their occupants hauled to the forges in chains by invading troops.

Distant conflict — The Emperor's Wrath continues to fire at
prominent targets while smaller Jade units engage with defenders.
London forces rally for strikes at weak points in the Jade perimeter.
Patrols sweep along, making only cursory searches for forge candi-
dates. There's a lot of dramatic potential in the approach of a band of
warriors, who close in only to veer away, or pass by one street away.
Characters can, of course, rush to do battle, but aren't forced into it.

qhe Last Danse Macabre 55


© Close-up conflict— See the previous chapter for various battle
scenes, but keep in mind the complications created by the storm.

© Threatened Fetters — This can provide a moment of more per-
sonal challenge in the face of broader struggles, and open up potential for
intense roleplaying as character must balance their own well-being and
their mission.

Where the Express Stops

Six other wraiths wait on the platform. See the Statistics sec-
tion in the previous chapter (page 47) for the template for London
wraiths. The waiting passengers include two wounded Hierarchy sol-
diers (each down three Corpus levels and no Pathos), the last survi-
vors of their company; two independent wraiths whose storefronts
were destroyed in the panicked search for storm shelters; and a pair of
doubtful Heretics, whose faith in the evil and uselessness of the Hier-
archy was badly shaken by the invasion and response.

The station itself is nondescript. Artifact lights provide a dim,
yellow illumination. Posters advertising tooth powders and stage shows
from the early 1940s still cling to the walls, since in the Skinlands
the station remains almost completely sealed off. Leaves and papers
accumulate in corners where the wind blew them, but there are no
signs of regular inhabitation by transients or others seeking a place
out of the public eye. The Midnight Express crew put up a brief no-
tice about their stops here at some point in the past, but made no
other effort to improve the place apart from maintaining the lights.

As Charon Waits

While waiting for the train, many characters may want to
examine Charon. Charon, or, as he still thinks of himself, Charles
Anderson, is simply bewildered. He has no Shadow; that's a legacy
of the pre-Gorool separation, and it remained part of his nature.
Whatever self-destructive impulses he had in life now lie inert
rather than speaking with an Oblivion-granted voice. But like-
wise he remembers nothing of his previous existence.

Even in his current state of ignorance, however, Charon is not
a typical wraith. The absence of a Shadow makes a real difference:
he moves with a confidence and internal unity that other wraiths
simply don't possess. He doesn't face constant second-guessing or
efforts to undermine him from within. All efforts to manipulate
him via Social abilities are at +1 difficulty; mood- and mind-ma-
nipulating Arcanos arts are at +2 difficulty. Wraiths near Catharsis,
with Angst within a point or two of permanent Willpower, feel
uncomfortable around Charon. Wraiths with very low Angst (3
and below) feel especially comfortable near the man. Others merely
notice something different, and may take a while to figure it out.

qhe Express

Right at midnight, the Midnight Express pulls in. The en-
gine is a gleaming black-and-brass locomotive from the 1880s,
freshly restored wherever it is the Ferrymen perform their main-
tenance. Only the first car emerges fully from the tunnel the train
now fills. This car gleams, with polished hardwood and silvery
inlays. From within come sounds of people talking and laughing.

The door slides open, and a grizzled old wraith in a uniform
of some obscure 17th century European army addresses the char-
acters. "Get a move on, we're not waiting the full time." Porter
Jacob Risovich is actually scared out of his wits by the combined
invasion and Oracular warnings (see below), and conceals it with
a gruff exterior. Not very far away, a company of Jade soldiers and

56 Ends of Empire

tanks seeking wraiths to forge approaches, with a clatter of boots
and tank treads. Risovich peers out nervously and hustles the
waiting passengers onboard. The train pulls out just as an advance
platoon of Jade troops rushes down the station steps, firing a few
(pointless) shots.

Anyone looking out the windows sees the train pass through
a long dark tunnel and emerge on a narrow railway bridge run-
ning high above a turbulent sea. Every few minutes the train goes
through a bank of clouds, mist or pure sourceless visual distortion
and enters a different Tempest region. Possible sights include:

* A plain of what appears to be cast-iron plates bobbing on
some unknown medium beneath. The sky overhead is a solid sheet
of iron, pierced by occasional Nihils.

© A river of some viscous liquid that glows bright green, passing
through fluorescent red rock-life cliffs. Gusts of wind blow through the
canyon, stirring the liquid into "whitecaps" that glow an intense yel-
low. The train runs along a ledge carved from one side of the canyon.

* A prolonged period in which the train occupies a feature-
less gray void. From time to time, shadows cast by things that
must be miles long fall across the train and the light dims; the
tracks may vibrate from the passage of the sources of the shadows.

© An apparently endless progression of limestone caves (or
something that looks like them). The natural caves twist and turn.
in three dimensions, but the train runs along a straight tunnel
hacked out for the tracks.

The final approach to Stygia takes place along a raised normal-
looking track bed crossing a turbulent sea of what appears to be water.

qhe Gambling Car

The car into which the porter ushers the characters is a gam-
bling car, rescued from a turn-of-the-century train crushed in a
Mississippi flood. A sub-sect of a Heretic cult known as the Riders
of the Wheel operate it, with the not-very-amused tolerance of the
Midnight Express crew, for the benefit of passengers. The Riders
absolutely deny the existence of Fate, or indeed of anything but
pure blind chance; for them, gambling in all its forms is an act of
worship that brings them in contact with the only truth of the uni-
verse. The Ferrymen of the Express find that sometimes the experi-
ence of real randomness brings insight to a troubled wraith, and
(very occasionally) leads to the resolution of a Passion or Fetter.

In the center of the car, the Riders mounted their pride and joy,
a roulette wheel from the Hanging Gardens casino in Atlantic City.
It's charged with a huge quantity of Pathos, having been used for
almost two decades by desperate patrons both living and dead. The
Riders use it in Gambler-like ceremonies to read the present mo-
ment. (Most Riders disbelieve in time as such, regarding it as merely
a hallucination, but do believe that the whims of sacred chance can
be read and used.) Slot machines run along one wall, tables for black-
jack and other card games along the other. At the back of the car, a
bartender tends a small selection of bottled liquid Pathos in various
emotional flavors. The dealers all use Moliate to present handsome
or beautiful, generally young, features. The bartender is a heavily
scarred former Grim Legionnaire who turned to the Riders' doctrines
after her experiences fighting in the Fifth Great Maelstrom.

Characters who wish to gamble may pit their Wits plus Ca-
rousing, Gambling or Enigmas against the dealers' Wits + Gam-
bling. The stakes range from single oboli to relics and Artifacts.
The game is fair — cheating would interfere with the workings of
blessed chance — but the house generally wins in any case. The
Riders also seize any opportunity expound their philosophy.

qhe End of the Line

The Midnight Express steams on through the Tempest. The
next act in the tragedy begins with Stygia visible off in the dis-
tance. The storm kicked up by Enoch's destruction continues to
rage, though astute observers (particularly veteran Harbingers)
notice that it's settling down with something of the unnatural
speed with which it blew up. The tracks run through "generic"
Tempest, on a bed of crushed rock and woodlike pilings in the
midst of a dark oily sea. Spectres and high winds lash at the train
but can only succeed in rocking it a bit as it passes.
ec page 148 for the story of Xerxes Jones' calamitous fail-
ure. What characters, who are unaware of the hapless explorer's
fate, experience is a sudden series of extremely violent tremors.
From horizon to horizon, the surface of the Tempest lights up with
ablindingly bright white light. At its peak, the light inverts, leav-
ing the Tempest a featureless black mass, while every Nihil over-
head winks open to admit a second flash of light from above.
Through the din of Spectral shouts, the characters hear the toll-
ing of the great bells that Stygia rings to herald the onslaught of a
new Great Maelstrom.

The Tempest whips into a frenzy, with gusts from the Laby-
rinth tossing up geysers and the equivalent of waterspouts. All
resemblance to water disappears, leaving behind a mixture of pitch-
black viscous sludge and writhing Spectres. The Storyteller may
wish to show the characters the fate of an unprotected Tempest
traveler or relic vehicle: in seconds it's overwhelmed and ripped
apart. The lights of Stygia disappear behind miles-high waves
scouring the Tempest in all directions.

With a series of harsh squeaks and jerks, the Midnight Ex-
press bucks against the twisting track bed, then derails. This epi-
sode ends with the characters stranded in the midst of the new
Great Maelstrom, so close and yet so dangerously far from Stygia.

Jwo if By Sea
Characters may own (or have the use of) vehicles of their own.
Those without may attempt to seize one from the Jade invaders, or
*\iberate" one no longer being used by a London wraith. (The owner
might be destroyed, or Harrowed, or simply injured and incapaci-
tated.) Whatever the circumstances, they can attempt to drive or
sail or fly through the Tempest on their own rather than relying on
the Midnight Express. John Davis does his very best to dissuade any
group of characters about to head off on foot, and if push comes to
shove will take Charon away from them, into his own custody.

Remember that a Force Three storm is blowing when the
characters leave London. See page 48 above for the sorts of ob-
stacles this presents, and the damage done each scene. In addi-
tion, add +2 to the difficulty of vehicle-handling rolls. Driving in
the worst weather the Skinlands has to offer is nothing compared
to trying to control a vehicle in the storm-wracked Tempest.

If at any point the characters' vehicle crashes, smash it some-
where near Midnight Express tracks. Then, when the Great Mael-
strom erupts, the train can derail nearby, and the wraiths rejoin
the flow of events given above and in the next chapter. (In a
worst-case scenario, Davis and Charon can be on the train, re-
solving that dangling plot thread neatly.) Even if their vehicle
doesn't crash, have its flight path approach the tracks so that when
the Great Maelstrom erupts, they're fairly close to the train. No
small group of wraiths can survive the first shock of the storm
alone; they need the resources the train can offer.

See page 56 for some sample Tempest landscapes to use. The
characters should spend no more than a couple of scenes in each. In
addition to the constant problem of storm-borne Spectres, feel free to

bring in Plasmics. See Wraith: The Oblivion and Doomslayers for

many Plasmic menaces, distractions and complications.

Statistics
john Davis

Nature: Gambler

Demeanor: Gambler

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 5, Intimidation 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Mediation
1, Repair 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Law 1,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Eidolon 2, Legacy 1, Status
(Legion of Fate) 4

Passions: Serve Fate (Devotion) 5, Explore innovations in gam-
bling (Fun) 4, Help other wraiths (Compassion) 3, Promote
Stygia's fame (Envy) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 5, Embody 2, Fatalism 5, Keening 4, Outrage 4,
Usury 2


Willpower: 8
Pathos: 9

Permanent Corpus: 7
Shadow: Abuser
Angst: 4
Shadow Passions: Meddle with Fate's Workings (Hate) 5, Seize
Power in the Guild (Greed) 3
See page 51 for image and roleplaying notes.

Charon/Charles Anderson

Nature: Leader

Demeanor: Explorer

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Awareness 2, Empathy 2, Streetwise 1

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 1, Repair 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Politics 1

Backgrounds: None that matter at the moment

Arcanoi: Latent potential in all the Arcanoi. Charon may mani-
fest defensive arts if threatened; bring in up to three Arcanoi if
necessary to prevent him from getting seriously harmed.
Willpower: 10
Pathos: 15
Permanent Corpus:
Shadow: None

20

HVAT Sega

=

The writeup here applies to Charles Anderson as freshly
Reaped. See the next chapter for a summary of Charon's capabili-
ties once he regains his memories.

Midnight Express passengers and crew

Use the template for London wraiths in the previous chapter
(page 48) for the passengers. Treat the crew as typical Heretics

Pat ill: joumey to No End

What might have been and what has been
Point to one end, which is always present
TS. Eliot, "Burnt Norton

Through the Storm
he Personalities of the Midnight Express

The Ferrymen who established the Midnight Express intend
it as a sort of experiment, one of many alternative approaches to
Transcendence. Its crew share a common devotion to the Ferry-

man who oversees it and to the hope that every worthy, ready
wraith may find peace. Nicholas the Ferryman hasn't told the crew
just what's happening, but all the train's regulars know that re-
markable times lie ahead.

Nicholas

The Ferryman who now calls himself Nicholas seldom thinks
about his life in Britain 14 centuries ago. He became the man he
is now long after death, after centuries of wandering — alone,
with the Fishers and with an elder Ferryman. For more than a
thousand years he's devoted himself to helping others prove them-
selves worthy of the Transcendence he declined for himself.

Nicholas is a short, stocky man, with light blond hair and
attentive green eyes. He usually dresses in simple, functional

Action

If the characters are a little too complacent about what
they've just gone through, some suggestions for shaking them
up include

* Having other surviving passengers on the train un:
dergo Catharsis suddenly, hampering the efforts to protect

the remaining car and possibly driving the characters outside

into the storm.

* A suicide attack by some Haints or other minor Spec-
tres who've decided to settle for easy pickings.

¢ An assault by Plasmics (or maybe just one big one)
tiled by the storm. Examples of Plasmics can be found in
Buried Secrets and Wraith: The Oblivion.

© Maybe the car the wraiths were on is one of those
about to go off the track. Having the characters escape be
fore the car teeters into the abyss should provide some ex-
citement, not to mention plenty of opportunities for Shad-
ows to strut their stuff


oryteller Note:

There should be precisely as many survivors of the wreck
as you deem appropriate. If the Circle is badly battered, more
help might be useful. If you want to throw the wraiths back
on their own resources, have the Riders.get crushed beneath
their own roulette wheel and sucked down into Harrowings
Even better, if the other passengers sacrifice themselves for
the characters, gasping about "the importance of the mission"
(and just how did they learn about it, anyway?), itcan lend a
real sense of urgency to what the Circle is doing

clothes of no particular era, favoring plain shirts, trousers and boots.
In moments of crisis his garb reverts to leather armor with iron
fittings, which he wore in life.

Nicholas seldom mingles with passengers. He may sit quietly
and observe them, but he almost never chooses to take part in
conversation, unless something he can say would make a real dif-
ference to a wraith well advanced toward Transcendence.

Gabriel McClintock

McClintock knows more about the inner works of the Ex-
ne than anyone except the Ferryman who built it. He's

press' er
tended it for more than a century, since dying in a train wreck in
1887. The locomotive he died in currently houses the engine that
lets the train slip through time and the Underworld.

McClintock loves precisely one thing in the universe: the
Midnight Express itself. He invests no effort in anything else. Char-
acters who can discuss engineering, the geography of the Under-
world or other subjects that matter to McClintock find him gradu-
ally warming to the conversation, and eventually becoming
friendly and voluble. Everyone else gets the brush-off, and that
includes Ferrymen.

The engineer stands more than six feet high, with a muscu-
lar Corpus and perennially soot-stained features. He dresses in
worn coveralls and boots, and often mops his perpetually dirty
forehead with a perpetually dirty rag.

jacob Risovich

Risovich joined the train's crew just a few years ago. He died
of malnutrition and neglect in Prague after the abortive 1968 up-
rising, and spent the years after that roaming the Shadowlands in
search of the romance and glamour his life never offered. It took
Risovich half a decade to convince Nicholas that he could be an
asset to the Midnight Express' operations, but eventually he pre-

Ways Through the Storm

The main text assumes that the characters proceed with
the train's other survivors along the broken tracks. But there

are other options, including:

© Cobbling together something from the wreckage of the train

¢ Finding something adrift in the storm, possibly even
another wrecked vehicle

© Catching a lift from one of the many Ferrymen now
heading toward Stygia (This should be held back as a last

resort, however.)

vailed. Now he carries baggage, checks destinations and does other
menial work, and he loves it. Anywhere else in the Underworld
the work would be laborious and dull, but this way he gets to see
the whole Empire and meet fascinating people. Complex notions
like Transcendence escape him; he basks in the wonder of his
routine experience.

Risovich retains the short form and twisted arms he had in
life, the product of medical incompetence during delivery com-
pounded by a life of bad care. While the porter's Corpus is with-
ered, it doesn't actually interfere with his physical capabilities.
He dresses in an outlandish combination of "professional" uni-
forms from throughout the century, constantly adjusting this ele-
ment or that to convey his sense of the ultimate in garb.

Deraling

The Midnight Express' derailing happens in just a few sec
onds, almost faster than characters can notice. One moment the

Express is steaming through the Tempest above a waterlike sea,
with all the speed the engineer can muster. The next, the Great
Maelstrom has erupted, and the initial blast shakes the track like
cracking a whip. Each car in turn bounces up and lands a little
off-center from where the trac!

snow lie. The engine scrapes along
for instant, then topples over. The other cars twist in turn. (A
Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 7 is required to avoid up to
four dice worth of damage in the incident.)

Anyone looking out a window sees the train and cars draped
at a 45 degree angle across the tracks. The engine hangs almost
entirely off the rails, nose tilted sharply forward toward the abyss.
Two cars, behind the gambling car, each lie with one end off the
track and one on, and a third car dangles almost all the way off
like the engine. The cars behind the third snap off and fall into
the storm even as the characters watch. The screams of those
trapped in the plummeting cars can be heard even over the howl
ing winds of the storm.

Fortunately for the passengers, Nicholas' arts keep many of
the storm's worst effects at bay. Location helps, as well. The Mid-

night Express is an easy target for Spectres boiling up out of the

Tempest... but then they'd have to stop to deal with it, and let

other Spectres ride the storm into the Shadowlands. Spectres shake
the train as they pass, but prefer to go in search of more interest-
ing targets. After all, they reason, the train's not going anywhere

Those who endured (or landed near) the wreck now face
two challeng

First, they must make sure they can protect themselves. Stores
of Pathos available to support Housecleaning (while on the train)
and Bulwark (once they leave) include individual relics and the
bar of the Riders' gambling car. The Storyteller should allow quick-
witted characters the opportunity to propose some scheme of Pa-

thos allocation. If none of the characters suggest some way of set-
tling the problem, Nicholas imposes a simple rotation schedule
based on the order of wraiths as he sees them at the moment he
lays down the ordei

McClintock encourages everyone with Castigate to exercise
Soulsight on as many of the passengers as possible. (He sees the
matter as an engineering issue: The train cannot function prop-
erly if its passengers are attempting to destroy it.) The porter and
one of the Riders of the Wheel both possess Usury and use it to
channel Pathos into Pardoners able to help with the train's de-
fense. They solicit but do not compel the characters' help. On

The Last Danse Macabre 59

~


What Castgation joins Together

Bulwark extends to protect every wraith touching the Par
doner using that art. The protection Bulwark grants lasts even
once the wraiths no longer touch each other, extending for the
rest of a scene. If action flows without an easily identifiable break
point, Bulwark lasts two hours, until the conclusion of a battle or
until the Castigator falls into a Harrowing. As soon as any of these
conditions is met, the Bulwark collapses, and those wraiths who
were formerly protected are vulnerable

the other hand, characters who decline to take part in the com-
mon defense lose trust that may come in handy later on.

The second and greater challenge is to get from the train to Stygia.
Astute observers saw the lights of Stygia through the storm just before
the Midnight Express derailed, but judging distances in the Tempest is
difficult at the best of times. Needless to say, a Great Maelstrom is not
the best of time:

Experienced Argos users may use Orienteering to

provide a general estimate, suggesting a few hours' travel on foot.

McClintock decides that it would be wise to cut the engine
loose, to allow passengers to go out the front end of the gambling
car straight onto the tracks. This requires Dexterity + Repair (dif-
ficulty 7 in most cases, though the storm or aggressive critters in it
may increase that); characters with relevant experience may take
part in planning the details. If none of the characters are qualified
or interested, then it's sufficient to say that the engineer uses small
explosives to do the job. The Express uses Living Chains to se-
cure valuable or dangerous cargo. Quick-witted characters (Wits
+ Alertness, difficulty 7) may notice and retrieve the chains be-
fore releasing the locomotive.

Nicholas contributes little to the ensuing discussions. When
it comes time to take action, he's there using his abilities to the
fullest. Strategy for crises is not one of his strong points, and he's
aware of not knowing all the technical details that might matter
in planning. He knows wraiths and their needs. In other words, if
the characters figure out how to put him to use, he's an excellent
resource. However, he is not going to save the day or act as a sort
of supernatural scout leader to get them out of the wood

Risovich, much to his surprise and delight, brings a wealth of
experience to bear. He knows about dealing with widespread dev-
astation, a legacy of surviving a world war and an invasion. He
grew up scavenging; he knows how to recognize structural sup-
ports about to fall how to spot pocentialiyalsenil or valisbie ob
jects in a pile of rubble and generally how to make the best out of
Being tespped inva Rellhole" Hinde form ries tmeke fe ditficule for
finite ide aris fine manipulation: bac he's an sstuke Obsecver:

When All Else Fails: The Lady of Fate

The Lady of Fate has many things to attend to in this mo-
ment of crisis. One of them is making sure that Charon endures
long enough to regain his memories and choose his final fate. If
the characters face impending doom — for instance, if they all
stand one blow's distance from Destruction Harrowing — the
Lady of Fate intervenes. She prefers to kindle a spark within the
characters, the equivalent of three levels of short-term Eidolon
and three points of Pathos. The glow of confidence fades once
the dice are spent. If that's not enough, she can also direct mind.
less but cooperative Plasmics to provide distraction or relief

60 Ends of Empire

Along the Tracks
The Nature of the Challenges

As long as the ranks of the wraiths leaving the Midnight
Express include characters (players or otherwise) who have Bul-
wark and five points of Pathos to spend at the start of a scene, the

train wreck survivors need not worry about Spectral attack. Bul-
wark does nothing to protect against winds, rains of disgusting
Tempest debris and the other corporeal complications of a
Five Maelstrom, but it does free characters to concentrate on them.

‘orce

The Storyteller may therefore run one or more scenes which
focus on the storm challenges. These combine some of the flavor
of alpine and mountaineering adventure with deep-sea explora-
tion and spelunking, and include some aspects that have no
Skinlands equivalent at all. Scenes with this emphasis involve no
little or no combat — Spectres cannot attack, and most Plasmics
won't — even as they present many obstacles requiring physical
traits and skills to overcome. On the other hand, dragging this
part of the adventure out too long can get monotonous. Once the
characters establish their credentials for slogging along through
the storm, it's best to hurry them through the long, slow process.

Spectres held at bay by Bulwark are not altogether helpless,
however. Direct assault is only one of their weapons. They can
ered by the Spec-

prey on fears and vulnerabilities, whether discov

tres' own observations or harvested from secret dialogue with
wraiths' Shadows. Spectres can search with Hive-Mind to bring
in the Shadow-eaten souls of wraiths' friends, associates and loved
ones to engage in targeted psychological warfare. Further, while
the Spectres themselves cannot strike at wraiths covered by Bul-
wark, the Castigate art does not automatically defuse all incom-
ing applications of Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi. Spectres can strike
at the wraiths' immediate environment, and the journey as a re-
sult is not necessarily a safe one.

incoming!

Although most Spectres caught up in the storm swoop on
toward the Shadowlands, some Spectres see targets on the move
and dive in to take advantage. The sample Mortwights in Wraith:
The Oblivion, page 275 should serve as a good statistical base for
the attackers. Should any of the characters Shadows have a Thorn
that might serve to attract the attention of Spectres, an assault is
almost certain.

Even if there's no invitation from anyone's Shadow, individual
Spectres or small groups of Shadow-eaten present themselves from
time to time as well. Make another roll against current Pathos when
a wraith uses an Arcanos; on one or more successes, the burst of
activity attracts the attention of a Spectre. In addition to
Mortwights, the Spectres most likely to prowl the Tempest and be
available for these attacks include Striplings and Doppelgangers.
Keep in mind that Shades are very formidable enemies; don't bring
one in if the characters already bear significant damage.

For more information on Spectres, see Wraith: The Oblivion,
page 270 and Dark Reflections: Spectres.

Moments of Crisis

The Great Maelstrom's winds blow steadily. Each scene (once

pechatitorthereabente leat ctanctermusenekee bexteiene
Athletics or Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 4) to maintain a


age for each | rolled; on a botch, the wraith gets one last-minute
effort to avoid being swept away into the Tempest. (Rescue at-
tempts should involve use of Argos and Dexterity + Athletics
rolls, plus Strength rolls to make sure the rescuer can hang on.
Incoming Spectres are optional.)

Weak wraiths may not wish to risk themselves all alone. They
can, with permission, lash themselves to stronger wraiths. The stron-
gest individual in a chain of wraiths makes the roll for all of them, with
the difficulty rising by one for each wraith relying on the strong one.
Living Chains, rescued from the locomotive or brought with the char-
acters, provide their usual protection for wraiths lashed together.

Debris clutters the track. Every few hundred yards, storm
detritus and track wreckage must be cleared or maneuvered around,
with the same roll as required above to cope with the sustained
effects of the storm. Weak spots may collapse. Perception + Alert-
ness and Perception + Repair rolls (both at difficulty 6) can spot
weak points in time for wraiths to avoid stumbling onto them;
characters who fail to notice the approaching peril must again
make the rolls described above to avoid falling or slipping. Debris
ranges from platform-loads of machinery strewn by winds across
yards of tracks which are otherwise undamaged to long spans where
one or both rails are simply missing.

qhe Tracks

For dozens or hundreds of miles (insofar as distances exist
reliably in the Underworld) on the final approach to Stygia, the
Midnight Express runs along a custom Byway. The train tracks
rest on a solid soulsteel scaffolding surrounded by platforms made
from relic wood and woodlike Plasmic Corpus. Supporting pillars
hold the tracks a hundred feet above the usual level of the Tem-
pest; the pillars perch on rocky outcroppings somewhere beneath
the Tempest's surface.

Solutions include:

* Leadership allows wraiths to better coordinate their ef-
forts. A wraith who succeeds at an Intelligence + Leadership
roll grasps the opportunities for joint action. Each success on
this roll after the first allows one selected wraith working with
the Leadership-using character to roll any of the following abil-
ity checks at -1 difficulty.

© Repair allows wraiths to identify points of weakness in the
tracks and their supports, and to develop quick fixes. Each success
at a Perception + Repair roll (difficulty 6) identifies a spot that
would otherwise put a wraith at risk of falling. Each success at a
Strength + Repair roll can fix one such spot; the difficulty is 6 if
the wraith has appropriate tools (perhaps to be appropriated from
some nearby platform), or 8 if the repairs must be improvised or
done without tools.

* Crafts also helps in making repairs. Each success at a
Strength + Crafts roll fixes one point of weakness. The difficulty
is 7 with appropriate tools, 9 otherwise.

© Enigmas contributes as well — Tempest engineering is not just
a matter of physics, but of the soul. Each success at a Perception +
Enigmas roll (difficulty 8) adds one success to a Repair or Crafts roll.

© Argos cannot contribute directly to repairs, but may help
in keeping an eye on the surrounding environment, so as to pro-
tect the wraiths doing the actual work.

© The Fatalism basic ability Kismet can identify specific points
of failure, on one or more successes on a Perception + Fatalism

roll (difficulty 8).

The Approach to Styia

The wraiths making their way from the wrecked train do not
know that they don't have to cover the whole distance themselves.
Oracles within the Skeletal Legion explained to the Skeletal Lord
that Charon and his memories approached, and (with a heart filled
with hatred for the idea that declared enemies of the Empire could
ever be so useful) the Skeletal Lord set out to bring his long-lost
master to safety. The Storyteller may choose to foreshadow the Skel-
etal Lord's approach with glimpses of troops or sounds of battle against
Spectres, or spring the military force on the survivors of the Mid-
night Express as a surprise. If you use the latter approach, you may
want to wait until the last minute to reveal that the Skeletal troops |
are actually friendly, just to make the wraiths sweat a little more.

qhe Lord of Pestilence

The characters round a bend (or emerge into a pocket of
relatively calm space, allowing them a longer view) to see a fight
taking place a few hundred yards away, moving slowly toward them.
A wraith who resembles a skeleton in armor leads gaunt-looking
soldiers in battle against Spectres. The lead skeleton's armor promi-
nently displays the deathmark of the Skeletal Legion, just in case
any character has problems figuring out who this is. (Even in
Stygia, there aren't that many walking skeletons almost seven feet
tall.) The Spectres finding them have forms chosen to be irritat-
ing or enraging: bloated, fleshy and reeking of rot.

The Skeletal Lord leads a small contingent of Equitaes (whose
horses are almost as bony as their riders) up the tracks toward the
characters. Behind the riders, the Legionnaires move in two col-
umns, one along each rail. They fight in teams of three, attacking
a single Spectre until it's eliminated. The Spectres use almost
nothing in the way of coordinated tactics. Each attacks a wraith |
individually, and any approach more sophisticated than "try to
strike from behind" eludes the doomshades. As such, the Skeletal
Lord's troops are cutting them to pieces. av

The Skeletal Lord has little use for Moliate, taking pride in his 9/
appearance, though many of his troops have been reworked with 9"
Martialry. He favors the simple power of Outrage, coupled with his 9/7
own strength and distinctive abilities. When he grabs a Spectre, all
the non-bony parts of its Corpus boil off in two turns, leaving behind
a husk stripped of sentience and motion. (Legionnaires who need
weapons scoop up some of the bones to use as clubs.) Some of his
barehand blows turn the area of impact on his target into a calcified
bonelike material, which impairs the target's speed and dexterity. Small
Plasmic creatures like magnified bacteria swarm around him, eating
away at exposed bare Corpus and corroding soulforged metals.

Skeletal observers using Leap of Outrage and Phantom Wings
survey the area around their current battlefield, and spot the Mid-
night Express survivors on the way in. As soon as they notify the
Skeletal Lord, he rides up with several squads of his best troops.

As soon as the characters come into range, some of the Spectres
in the area attack. The Shadow-eaten here include a mix of Striplings
and Doppelgangers; the Shades present continue to home in on the
power of the Skeletal Lord and his senior soldiers. Once the Skeletal
Lord reaches the characters, confrontation ensues. The Lord should be
intimidating: completely without humor, and speaking in a flat mono-
tone that conveys no passion. He speaks clearly and directly, explain-
ing his hatred for everyone who fails to meet his standard of loyalty to
the Empire and his devotion to Charon's well-being. Efforts at decep-

qhe Last Danse Macabre 61

tion do not impress him. But equally direct, honest responses do — he
cares about integrity, and listens to those who show no fear.

The Skeletal Lord carries two fixed thoughts: Charon must be
preserved at all costs, and no enemy of the Empire can be tolerated
one moment or one inch more than necessary. Since he's not en-
tirely convinced that the freshly Reaped wraith actually is Charon,
the Skeletal Lord begins with a battlefield interrogation of Charon.
That, of course, generates no useful information, so he turns to the
characters and other Express survivors. Gradually he can be per-
suaded by the accumulating weight of evidence, but he does not
like it, not one bit. Bear in mind that all of this is going on while
the sortie party stands on the devastated tracks, being buzzbombed
by Spectres and assaulted by Maelstrom winds. The scene is a
crowded and chaotic one, fraught with peril for all concerned.

Wraiths who push matters with him may well find them-
selves the targets of his wrath, and the Skeletal Lord is not gentle.
Furthermore, in his anger, the Skeletal Lord may, at Storyteller
discretion, use some of his powers unconsciously. If the Skeletal
Lord must arrange for the healing of damage he's done — the
healing to be performed by Skeletal Legionnaires with Moliate
and Usury as appropriate — his anger only deepens. Apology never
comes easily to God's chosen instrument of vengeance, and in
the long run he'd prefer to completely remove anyone whose pres-
ence serves as a reminder of failure.

Presumably, as soon as the Skeletal Lord is convinced of the
Circle's bona fides, he turns the expedition around and escorts them
back to the city. The trip in is uneventful. There are more than
enough soldiers to keep things safe for the characters, plus there's
the tall, bony gent. Soon enough, the wraiths reach Stygia.

Paths to Stygia

The Skeletal Legion holds open a passage to one of the gates
in the Stygian seawall. If the characters have won some measure
of respect from the Skeletal Lord, he lets them proceed by them-
selves a good distance ahead of the body of troops, with the in-
struction to report to the gatekeepers that the characters are those
whom the Lord sought. If the Lord does not feel any confidence
in the characters, he escorts them to the gate himself.

The Skeletal Lord does invite characters who show martial
ability to join the defense of Stygia. Characters who accept won't
be present for the ceremonies in the Onyx Tower, and characters
who carry Charon's memories won't be allowed to fight on the walls.
Any characters who do decide to join in receive the thanks of the
unit they're assigned to and relic arms and armor at the four-dot
level. However, as the real action is going to take place in the Onyx
Tower, it is suggested that the characters stay with Charon.

A Brief Guide to the Capital

Stygia is the City of Cities for the Western world. Nothing
now found in Stygia was trivial or unimportant in life. Each build-
ing and street survived not one but two purges. First it survived
destruction in the Skinlands to emerge as a relic, and then it met
with enough favor when threatened with displacement from the
Shadowlands to warrant the Hierarchy's transporting it to this

62 Ends of Empire

safe place in the Tempest. Even if now neglected, every back alley
and minor edifice once seemed profoundly important. Pathos in-
fuses everything in Stygia with an atmosphere of significance.

Above all, Stygia must seem impressive. Three thousand years
of the history of many of the world's most dynamic civilizations
have come to rest here. The wraiths whose decisions (and whims,
compulsions and obsessions) set the course of the Empire gather
here, and Stygia provides them with what they feel is a worthy
meeting place.

qhe isle of Sorrows

The Isle of Sorrows emerged from the Tempest in the unob-
served distant past. It resembles the head of a giant sickle resting
in the sea. The side facing the mouth of the River of Death slopes
up gradually, with plentiful harbor space along the shore. The
side facing into the Tempest drops off sharply from the summit
holding the Onyx Tower. A few narrow plateaus hold some build-
ings and roads do wrap around the whole island, but most of the
Tempest face is cliff and near-cliff. Plasm accumulates in depres-
sions and closed valleys, overflowing in "seasonal" channels after
intense storms. The major thoroughfares include bridges rising
above flood-prone channels.

Starting with Charon's lighthouse (which became the
nucleus of the Onyx Tower), Stygian development proceeded
haphazardly. Charon's "plan" for the city included the Road of
Steel at water level and the Road of Souls from the point clos-
est to the River of Death up to the crest. Beyond that, each
group of wraiths building their settlement did more or less as
they pleased. Charon and the Deathlords engaged in coordi-
nated planning only after the First Great Maelstrom, and then
only because it was clear how important something like coher-
ent layout could be in emergencies. The Deathlords' palaces
stand in an arc just below the Onyx Tower, on the encircling
Road of Lords; each Legion oversees development on the slopes
below it.

Centuriesiago, the last bare ground.on the Isle:(except for
the Tempest-facing cliffs) disappeared beneath relic buildings. Now
the general shape of the island remains visible, but towering build-
ings — individual relics and elaborate fusions of pieces of many
different structures — cover every spot of ground except those
reserved for roads. Bridges, walkways and buttresses stretch over-
head to make use of the "airspace."

The City in Stonm

For all the Deathlords' failings, their defenses against Spec-
tral invasion hold as the characters approach. Soldiers line the
seawall, fighting with melee and ranged weapons (up to and in-

Towers of the Dead

Jon't have t
uilders. Sheer belief

ilable to

raiths. So the tallest towers of Stygia rise far higher than any

The architects of the Undery
Skinlands t

ecial engineering arts

much attention to gravity a
loes matter, as do the

ng in the Skinlands. Buckminster Fuller's dreams of mile
buildings find expression along th Souls, and

ven lower structures can dwarf the \ Center or

the Docklands development

cluding 20th-century siege guns like Big Bertha and the abortive
Iraqi super-cannon) against Spectres in and near the Tempest.
Archers and gunners in towers across the island keep the "sky"
overhead clear. The defenders take their losses, particularly when
one of their own falls into Catharsis and attacks everyone nearby,
and the battle lines flicker constantly as Nihils open for an in-
stant to seize wraiths thrust into Harrowings. Still, the attackers
remain outside Stygia's first line of defenses.

Streets of Pathos: The Pattem of the City
qhe Lines of Approach

Once the Sixth Great Maelstrom broke out, Stygia lost
most of its connections to the rest of the Empire. Storm-surge
waves pound up the River of Death; any travelers so unfortu-
nate as to be sailing the river's lower reaches were immediately
smashed. Waves whip across the surface of the Tempest, some
towering hundreds feet in the air. Byways of any solid structure
take serious beatings, and most have already broken apart.
Winds of unparalleled speed and variability make flight of any
sort a dangerous activity.

Getting to Stygia depends on both military might, to deal
with Spectral attacks, and Arcanos mastery, to deal with all the
other challenges that arise. The Midnight Express tracks offer the
corporeal foundation for an approach, and the Skeletal Legion
provides the support the characters need to complete their jour-
ney. Nobody else moves in or out of Stygia at this point.

The

Stygia's first line of defense is a hundred-foot-high wall built
of mixed materials. Labyrinthine rock and Stygian steel provide
the framework; sheets of soulforged metals and relic blocks of
stone, concrete and the like fill in the spaces. Spectres concen-
trate their attacks on weak points where outer layers of metal
sloughed off in the storm or had been weakened by corrosion in
earlier decades. Shades and Haints batter against the wall, while
Doppelgangers and Mortwights search for weaknesses, try to
coordinate their efforts and operate whatever Artifact drills and
mining gears they can find.

Half a dozen gates open through the seawall. Each consists of
three separate doors, one at each side of the wall and one in the
middle, all made of the heaviest Labyrinthine metals reinforced by
arts Nhudri keeps to himself. Slits in the walls open onto adjoining
rooms, allowing defenders to rain down missile fire on intruders. In
the midst of the Great Maelstrom, the gates stand shut except when
opening to let a unit of troops in or out, and the gates open only
after masters of Castigate raise Housecleaning across the gatehouse.

qhe Sea of Souls

The space between the seawall and the Isle of Sorrows con-
sists of a semi-liquid mass made of countless millions of almost-
lost souls. Chains hold them in place, so that they slosh about
only within a limited circle of drift. Stygian policy says that only
mindless souls and those on the verge of being lost to Oblivion
forever are consigned to the Sea of Souls. Rumors of political ad-

qThe Last Danse Macabre 6

versaries of the Deathlords, Renegades and Heretics and other
undesirables also spending an eternity at sea circulate constantly
despite the absence of hard proof. Whatever the souls were be-
fore, now they lack any independent existence. Their Corpus
blends together into something more like a lumpy, congealing
broth than a mass of separate bodies.

In normal times, the Sea of Souls shows the lingering wakes
of passing ships, since it takes much longer for wakes to disappear
from the soul-sea than it would from water. Now the only ships
moving carry troops and equipment to the soldiers on the sea-
wall. Strong bridges run from each of the seawall gates to the Isle
of Sorrows, alternating low spans with ones high enough for relic
battleships to sail under.

qhe Road of Steel

A metal roadway circles the Isle of Sorrows at waterline, at the
top of a low retaining wall. The isle's piers attach to the retaining
wall, and warehouses cluster along the landward side of the road.
The warehouses range from Phoenician open colonnades to com-
mercial trading centers abandoned by economic downturns in the
last few decades. Most consist of a small original building to which
many others have been grafted over time. Sometimes expert crafts-
men built new facades and joined everything so carefully that ob-
servers cannot isolate the components; more commonly, barely
covered seams and wildly clashing architectural styles make it easy
to trace the history of a storage business' growth. Prime property
along major roads up the Isle's spine goes to those who earn and
keep the favor of the Deathlords. Most patrons show their appre-
ciation by displaying prominently the deathmarks of their patrons.

The road itself gleams with a dark shine that, though pol-
ished, does not reflect. The surface remains a constant burnished
gray-white. It resists the corrosion that takes its toll on most of
the city, with Nhudri called upon to replace a piece of paving
only once every few decades or centuries. Only Great Maelstroms
make a significant mark on it, and then only once the city's outer
defenses fail.

The road is wide enough for an infantry regiment to march
in typical formation, wide enough for half a dozen large trucks to
drive side by side. Sidewalks of more typical Stygian steel flank
the road, raised a foot above the Road of Steel's surface.

In normal times, crowds throng the Road of Steel: merchants
and longshoremen, soldiers and bureaucrats, tourists seeing the
sights. Once the city's bells announced the Great Maelstrom, most
wraiths scurried for shelter. Some cargo palettes lie abandoned in
mid-street (or shoved to one side by troops reporting for duty).
Only occasional individuals and small groups make their way
through the turmoil, and they mostly dash from one sheltered
doorway to the next.

The Road of Souls

The main thoroughfare of the Isle of Sorrows, the Road of
Souls rises from the Road of Steel straight up to the Onyx Tower
and Charon's lighthouse. It's even wider than the Road of Steel,
flanked by a two-tier sidewalk. Regular pedestrians move at ground
level, while official messengers can speed along a story overhead.

Stygia doesn't have "blocks" in the usual urban sense. A road
runs around the island every quarter of a mile, and relatively
straight thoroughfares mark the boundaries between Deathlords'
jurisdictions. Apart from those, the only routes between build-
ings resemble back alleys: cramped, twisting routes which may or

64 Ends of Empire
4) Bi fe Sa) ean

may not be at all lit or paved. Much of the Isle's traffic therefore
uses the Road of Souls to get as close to its destination as possible,
and a large fraction of any trip's travel time is spent covering rela-
tively small distances away from the Road of Souls.

As with the Road of Steel, most of the Road of Souls' regular
traffic stopped at the outbreak of the Great Maelstrom. Military
couriers relay messages from the Deathlords' palaces and units
muster in the public squares that line the Road of Souls before
trooping down to the waterfront for assignment. Bureaucratic
couriers use the upper tier of the walkways, when their rank makes
them eligible, while lower-ranked messengers sprint for shelter.

The Road of Soul maintains a constant slope. At some points
this requires extensive excavations, and the ground level of the
surrounding buildings is dozens of feet above the walkway (which
sometimes tunnels through the rock, with windows looking out
onto the Road). Elsewhere it requires equally extensive landfills
and bridges, and wraiths walking the Road can peer into the up-
per stories of surrounding buildings.

qhe Deathlords' Palaces

See The Book of Legions for descriptions of the seats of
power for each Legion.

qhe Onyx Tower

The center of the Onyx Tower is Charon's Lighthouse, re-
modeled over the centuries to continue to stand taller than any
other structure on the Isle of Sorrows. Most of its height is a simple
stone column with a ladder along one side. The light needs very
little tending, running on huge soulfire crystals.

The tower contains 18 stories, the topmost a huge high-
roofed ceremonial chamber. (Player-characters with Niska's
memories have already seen this, the room where Charon shares
his memories with the Mnemoi.) A single door leads in. It's made
of the same flat black Tempest-rock as the tower, and carries
two rings of embossed sigils. Inside, each of the Legions' primary
deathmarks lie in a circle. Around them, in a square, there are
the embossed sigils of each of the Guilds. Those of the three
banished Guilds were defaced long ago: not removed unobtru-
sively with Moliate or Inhabit, but smashed away with strong
blows, as a constant reminder.

A single hallway bisects the ground floor, with doors open-
ing off to each side. A single spiral staircase leads up, along the
inner wall of the tower. There's a separate door for each level, and
each door carries a single Arcanos mark. Each floor has a single
main hall, running off at right angles to the staircase landing at
that floor. When the characters enter, all these halls lie empty
and all the doors are locked.

Narrow arrow-loops look out along the staircase. The top
chamber has huge arched windows offering panoramas in every
direction. The dais on which Charon's throne (also simple in
design, also jet black) rests can rotate, so that the Founder could
survey all of his domain with minimal effort. In the space in
between windows, statues and tapestries commemorate public
and private moments from Charon's histories. The Storyteller
can work in elements from the memories characters experienced.
The staircase continues up to the roof, for wraiths tending the
beacon or (as at the present moment) fighting a Spectral inva-
sion. There is a constant flow of wraiths up and down this stair-
well, reinforcing the troops on the roof, bringing armaments,
removing the wounded and so on.

The 16th floor is a single open room, occupied by a complex
mechanical system like an orrery (a model of the solar system).
Systems of metal and crystal gears support small globes, each la-
beled with a deathmark or other identifier. Each globe refers to
one of the major personalities of the Empire: the Deathlords, the
Guildmasters, the Anacreons of major Necropoli and so on. The
machinery that moves the globes can be tuned to make any globe
the center of the system; the orbits the others trace around it con-
vey information about patterns of relationships. At the moment
the system centers on a dull globe that contains no labels at all,
around which all the others spin gradually closer. A Wits + Enig-
mas roll (difficulty 5) should reveal the symbolism to any observer
who cares to speculate.

The 17th floor is a mostly empty chamber, centered on a
rough stone table. Careful observation will note grooves in the
black stone of the tabletop, clearly designed to drain blood
away. The table is the oldest relic in Stygia, and radiates both
age and a sense of almost palpable hunger. (Nothing comes of
this sensation unless someone with a Hunger Dark Passion gets
a little too close, but the wraiths should be uncomfortable in
this chamber in any case.) There are a series of chairs around
the table, all rough and unmarked. This is the chamber in which
the Deathlords ceremonially meet. It is kept deliberately sparse,
as a reminder of where they came from and what eventually
waits for them.

Charon s Return

from the Tempest to the Tower

The Skeletal Lord accepts his Oracles' report that the wraith
the characters bring is in some sense Charon. But the Lord also
has no desire to rouse false hopes or start a panic. So he wants the
characters to proceed directly up the Road of Souls to the Onyx
Tower with as little fuss as possible.

He won't get his wish.

The very fact of the Skeletal Lord setting out in person on
a mission arouses attention and sets rumors flying. The entry
into Stygia of a nondescript group of wraiths with the Lord's
personal escort merely confirms that something important is
going on. The storm itself keeps many wraiths inside, and the
demands of crisis management keep others busy, but gradually
a growing number of wraiths peer out to see for themselves
whether Charon returns. The more courageous, curious and
nosy among the audience step out to speak with the characters
and their party.

qhe Crowd

These are a sample of the personalities found in Stygia, cov-
ering the range of first reactions to returned Charon. Presumably
the wraiths will encounter any and all of them as they make their
way through the streets of Stygia.

* The Crossbowman: Bryan Shield belongs to the Emer-
ald Legion; he's part of the city's inner lines of defense, on pa-
trol, keeping an eye out for wraiths in Catharsis and shooting
them down before they can do serious damage. He has Percep-
tion, Castigate and combat skills all at level 4, and does his job
well. He died as a young man in the 1970s, crushed when a book-

case in his favorite store collapsed and buried him in toys and
books. The military branch of the Emerald Legion respects his
competence with the crossbow and rifle, but doesn't fully trust
him: he retains a wide-eyed fascination with Underworld exist-
ence, and is as likely to say "That's cool!" as "This is a valuable
opportunity the Legion can turn to its advantage." In short, he's
quietly barred from advancement through the ranks. He knows
this but doesn't mind, being content where he is. Bryan is 5'8"
tall, with a solid big-boned Corpus and short brown hair and
sideburns. He continues to wear relic glasses even though his
Corpus eyes work just fine. Charon is for Bryan a name and a
symbol, one he's eager to know more about — he plies the char-
acters with courteous but persistent questions if he gets a chance
to interact with them.

© The Librarian: Lizabette Julan tends an administrative li- "
brary on the waterfront, keeping track of transactions to and from.
the Necropoli of western Europe. She died in the Thirty Years'
War, mistaken for a zealot of one side by the zealots of another. |
The Penitent Legion claimed her and found that she made a fine |
administrator, willing to pass along orders and work within the
boundaries laid down from above. Patient service brought her
gradual promotions, as she proved more capable of routine chores
and more willing to do them year after year after year than most
wraiths; promotion to Stygia followed in the middle of the 19th
century. Having seen two Great Maelstroms strike the Isle, she
has a pretty good sense of when it's really necessary to run, and
knows that that moment hasn't arrived yet. Charon is for Lizabette
a baffling figure, someone capable of founding the order that sus-
tains her existence and yet also prone to uncertainty and chaos-
promoting decisions. She wants to see for herself who this man is,
and at the moment no trade demands her attention.

© The Helldiver Theologian: Brother Alex Bryell spends
most of his time in the depths of the Labyrinth, seeking proof
for or against the philosophical propositions he and his colleagues
debate. He's been doing this for almost 300 years, since he died
under mysterious circumstances on a boating trip with other
monks assigned to the Vatican. The Legion of Paupers took him
in and put him to use working out conceptual models of the
Underworld which might suggest lines of advantageous strategy
for the Beggar Lord. Brother Alex does not deal well with other
wraiths and prefers to work as close to the fundamental myster-
ies as he can get. In the Underworld, that means the Labyrinth,
where he can put his formidable talents in Moliate and Pande-
monium to use. For Brother Alex, Charon is another enigma to
analyze and categorize.

* The Citydweller: Amos Carmody has dwelt in Stygia for
over four centuries, putatively a member of the Iron Legion but
bouncing from profession to profession as the years rolled by. At
one point he rose in the ranks of the Legion's bureaucracy to a
point where he regularly accompanied deputations to the Onyx
Tower. He endured Great Maelstroms and revolts, and to Carmody
Charon is almost a figure of worship. The emotions Carmody has
about Charon's disappearance and return are near-Messianic in
their intensity. Charon will return. He will save Stygia.

And, in the way that fanatics sometimes have, he recognizes
Charon instantly. As soon as Carmody sees the Reaped Charon,
he sets up the cry, "Charon is here! Charon has come back!" Other
wraiths take up the chant, and soon the sound reaches the walls.
The effect is immediate: The defenders take heart and fight with
much more courage, while the Spectres are discouraged, and the
press is driven back from the walls.

The Last Danse Macabre 65


Assassin!

At some point before the Skeletal Lord arrives to expedite
matters but after the crowd envelops the Circle, a deep-cover
Doppelganger who's been lurking in Stygia for decades makes a
play to Harrow Charon. If Charon can be knocked into a Har-
rowing, all bets are off, because the rules of Harrowing go out the
window under these circumstances. Once the Labyrinth gets its
talons on a reborn Charon, it isn't letting go.

The Doppelganger, named Janosz Brusche, is undercover in
the Emerald Legion. When the crowd starts chanting, he works
his way close to Charon with a maggot revolver. He knows that
there is no chance in hell of getting away, but frankly doesn't
care; he just wants one clean shot.

Appropriate Arcanoi may detect Brusche's approach. Failing that,
A Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8 because of the surrounding
noise) may uncover the approaching menace. Otherwise, the
Doppelganger gets off his bullet before anyone notices anything is wrong.

If the characters detect Brusche, he tries to get past them to
get a shot at Charon. He has six maggots in his revolver, and will
empty five into anyone who gets in his way. If he gets multiple
shots at Charon, the Doppelganger will take them. If he flees, it is
only to distract attention from the stricken Charon. He may even
try to continue his charade and try to frame another wraith for
the deed, if the characters are particularly slow on the uptake.

Brusche's pertinent statistics are as follows:
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Subterfuge 3, Firearms
4, Melee 2, Stealth 5, Bureaucracy 4

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Hive-Mind 3, Larceny 3, Moliate 4, Outrage 3
Artifact: Heavy Maggot Revolver — Difficulty 7, Damage 6 (Aggra-
vated), Range 35 yards, Rate 2, Clip 6. The gun fires maggots instead
of bullets, which burrow into the target's Corpus on a hit (even with
no damage successes). Each maggot does a level of aggravated damage
for each turn it is in the victim, plus it increases the difficulty of all of
the target's actions by +1 to a maximum of 10. The maggots can be
removed through Castigat at no risk to the victim, through very
careful Moliation or by simply digging the maggots out. The last ap-
proach risks wounding the victim further, however.

With any luck, the characters subdue Brusche and'save
Charon. If not, the Skeletal Lord may ride in to save the day, as
he has a vested interest in keeping Charon in one piece. Brusche
is not part of any organized conspiracy, though he may make one
up if interrogated.

qhe Hoi Poli

Wraiths with all the above views want to know things the
characters probably can't answer: how Charon survived his battle
against Gorool, what he plans next, how it will all turn out. Re-
sponding to the questions requires all the social competence the
characters can muster, plus they must work hard just to keep from
getting crushed in the press of curious wraiths.

As the crowd swells and slows the characters down, the Skeletal
Lord rides up to get things back on track on again. He does not actu-
ally harm any of the crowd, but is perfectly willing to intimidate them
as much as seems necessary to get them to fall back. Then he marches
his mount at a pace just slightly less comfortable than comfortable
walking speed, escorting the characters up to the Road of Thrones.

into the Tower

The Skeletal Lord sent messengers to alert the other
Deathlords once he made contact with the characters. Then the
Lady of Fate presented herself to each of the Deathlords, instruct-
ing them to choose eight acolytes and gather for the ceremony of
Charon's restoration. The contingents wait on each side of the
Road of Souls, just before the Onyx Tower.

The Lady of Fate and Ladies of Fate wait furthest down.
Whether or not the Lady of Fate has met the characters in person
before, she takes the time to greet them each by name and thank
them for their services. Behind her, each of the factions within

Reactions

that the Mnemoi's assertion is going
th Charon‘

It is highly unlike
¢ unchallenged. The fraud they perpetrated
sistance was i, and has g

to take a lot of shouting bac

wn in the telling. It's going
and forth before wraiths who
have spent centuries hunting Mnemoi accept this. Only the
evidence of th

heltered the Mnemoi), the characters and the Lady of Fate

Masquer and Usurer Guildmasters (who have

But it's a fun argument while it lasts, and it provides an

rtunity for the characters to score points on some of the

st names in Stygia

the Oracles Guilds has its representative. John Davis takes part as
the Gamblers' delegate.

The guard the Skeletal Lord assigned to the characters forms
half his contingent. The other four stand in a line, each with a
Corpus showing progressive effects of decomposition: one with
the unhealthy pallor of the recently dead, one green and rotting,
one with strips of fleshlike Corpus hanging off in strips, the last a
bare skeleton like his master.

The Grim contingent wear armor with holes cut and framed
to show their death wounds. The eight delegates show a variety of
causes of violent death, from lethal dueling to warfare to terror-
ism. Each also wears an extensive collection of decorations for
valor in service over the centuries; the Smiling Lord wishes to
impress on the other Deathlords (and the characters) how much
the other Legions owe to his.

The Emerald contingent wear a variety of natty suits from
different eras (not necessarily the eras in which their wearers died).
The Emerald Lord wishes to project the image of innovation
through the ages, reminding the other Legions of how many use-
ful steps he and his took first

The Silent contingent wear simple uniforms. They have no
boasts to make and no mighty deeds to declare. Their reserve is its
own statement: The Silent Legion matters for what it does day in,
day out, and others may do their own grandstanding.

Statistics

ay, if the Smilin;

Needles:
of his full

Lord were at any fraction
trengeh) the' characters wouldn't stand'a hope dn
him down. However, he's not at his best after

ealed.

hell of bringing
his treachery is rev
rit, the Smiling Lord's

tthe moment he makes a brea

pertinent statistics are

Physical: Strength Yexterity amina 5
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Abilities
timidation 9, Subterfuge

5, Stealth 5

Appearance 2

8, In

Melec

Alertne Awareness 5, Brawl 8, Dodge

. Leadership 7, Firearms 9,

Guards

wr also has four guards with him, wh
ats, armed with Artifact pistol

The

ire ancient and j

Smiling |
verful Gau
and swords, and armored in Stygian steel as well. If they in
sible to fight through them in

rd

, Dexterity 4

tercede, it will he nearly im

Physical: Strength Stamina 4
Social: Charisma
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence
Abilities: Alertness 5,

arms 5, Melee 5, Stealth 4
Arcanoi: Argos 4, f

), Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Artifacts: Heavy pistol — Difficulty 8, Damage 5, Range 3¢

yards, Rate 3, Clif 1
Damage Strength +4, causes a

Saber — Difficulty ¢

vated damage

The Laughing contingent swing between extremes of frenzy
and stasis. They stand motionless, moving only their eyes, then
move with exaggerated leaps and bounds. They speak infrequently,
but when they do, it's in rapid torrents of speech, often laden with
digressions and complex metaphors that make no sense to others.

The Iron contingent watches everyone else with amused con-
tempt. They dress in simple armor or the clothes of their death
eras, and move with a careful reserve. They waste no energy, and
never seem to hurry.

A mixed group of soldiers from each the Legions oversees a
small throng of other wraiths. The Lady of Fate explains to the
characters that master practitioners of each of the Arcanoi will take
part along with the Mnemoi, providing a symbolic framework as
Charon regains his old soul. Characters who get one or more suc-
cesses on a roll of Perception + each of their Arcanoi (difficulty 9)
may recognize that in each case, the "leading practitioner" either is
a Guildmaster or someone high up in the Guild hierarchy. The
Ladies of Fate understand this perfectly well, and intimidated the
Deathlords into not asking many questions about it.

Behind even these unwanted souls is another cluster of
wraiths who watch the proceedings, unblinking. These are the
Mnemoi, loathed for centuries, and as soon as the other wraiths
realize who they are, a mob starts brewing. It is up to the charac-
ters, based on their association with Niska, to shout down the
incipient riot, though wraiths like the Skeletal Lord are going to
need a lot of convincing. The Lady of Fate will intervene if things
look like they're getting too ugly, but she gives the characters as
much slack as they can handle. After all, it's never too soon for
them to get a handle on dealing with the Deathlords.

The Assembling

The delegations from the Legions, the Guilds and the massed
Mnemoi ("Pitifully few," characters may hear the Lady of Fate
mutter to herself) make their way up to the throne room of the
Onyx Tower. The characters attend as Charon's personal delega-
tion. Like the orrery room, the throne room occupies the entire
floor. Charon's throne is, like the walls of the tower, flat black. It
sits on a round dais that can pivot when the throne's occupant
leans to one side or the other. Rows of benches circle around the
throne, with gaps to allow light from high arched windows to
shine in. (With the Great Maelstrom blowing, light is scarce, and
the windows are reinforced with steel bars.)

The head Mnemos steps forward and explains why he and
his followers are here. They have been carrying, by Charon's ex-
press order, his memories against this day. It has been their sacred
mission to guard the soul of the Emperor for his return, so that he
might have all of his experience and powers at his disposal when
he returned, rejuvenated, from his sojourn in the Skinlands. To
protect those memories, he gave them to the Mnemoi to guard,
then banished them so that none of the Deathlords might learn
this secret and seek to exploit the Mnemoi while risking the safety
of the Empire. And so, for centuries, the Mnemoi have hidden
and waited for the call. Now that the call has come, the Mnemoi
have answered it.

What happens next has the inevitability of ritual. One of the
Smiling Lord's servants comes forward and hands his master Charon's
mask. The Deathlord takes it to Charon, kneels and offers the Ar-
tifact. Then Thusimos of the Sandmen (see Guildbook: Sandmen)
comes forth with Siklos, and likewise presents that. Charon ac-
cepts both gifts, and he dons the mask of office without hesitation.

The Last Danse Macabre 67

The Lady of Fate then explains that before it can be safe to
restore Charon, she must uncover the traitor in their midst. As
soon as she says that, shouts and debates erupt. Every Deathlord
has accusations to make against the others. It takes the Lady of
Fate some time to restore order. The Storyteller may include the
threat of inter-Deathlord violence, or even actually have some
(Smiling Lord versus Skeletal Lord being most likely) come to
blows. Calming the Deathlords down most likely requires both
Keening and a little luck in imposing corporeal barriers.

Eventually the Lady of Fate makes herself heard over the
roar, and explains that the Ladies of Fate can perform a ritual to
detect the traitor. Everyone agrees to submit.

The Ladies of Fate circulate through the crowd with a bronze
bowl. They use knives to make a slit in each wraith's palm and
collect a drop of plasm — far less than one point's worth, doing
no harm in game-mechanical terms. Once everyone's donated,
the Ladies chant briefly over the concoction. The liquid Corpus,
which came out in a variety of hues, turns a uniform silver and
bubbles with great heat. Curiously enough, the Lady of Fate then
asks the characters to bear the bowl around the room. The un-
precedented action causes a tremendous stir. Hopefully, the wraiths
accept. Charon stands apart, at the center of the floor. The Ladies

carry the bowl to whichever one of the wraiths is going to carry it,
and they begin a procession around the room

As they approach the Smiling Lord, his mask begins to bubble
in time with the plasm in the bowl. He screams in intense pain,
but cannot remove the mask. The First Augur, there to represent
the practitioners of Fatalism, steps forward and demands that the
Smiling Lord confirm his treachery. With a sob, the Smiling Lord
confesses, and attempts to bolt. The chara
close enough to tackle him before his guards can close and cover
his escape. If the character carrying the bowl of fluid has the pres-
ence of mind to toss it on the Smiling Lord (Dexterity + Melee,
difficulty 5), he is instantly paralyzed. Even if the wraiths don't
think to do that, the ritual has stripped the Smiling Lord of his
Arcanoi temporarily, making it a matter of sheer physicality to
bring him down.

ters are the only ones

Memories

Mnemoi are

actually doing is returning
his Memory Palace from
f Charon's
nother again

been lost, alon
ated by the

What the
Charon's memories to him, rebuilding
each and every one
one Mnem

» many Mnemoi have

the ground up. In theor
memories is being carried by «
this day
with what they carried, ¢
Smiling Lord. Char

In reality
the persecution inst

» well

stilla

1's plan worked ti

In the meantime, ver, there are eat many

of Charon's memories about for characters to explore

recommendations include

© The rescue of Nhudri

* Any of the prior Great Maelstroms

Some

¢ The Breaking of the Guilds

@ The revolt of the Fishers

© The wanderjahr Charon undertook during World War I
Storytellers should feel free to invent any and all ap-
s that needed touch
extant Wraith hist

propriate details to give the memor

verisimilitude, without contradicting

too badly

68 Ends of Empire

If the Smiling Lord gets more than a tum's head start, his guards
come into play to cover his exit. At this point, all becomes chaos.
The character still have the best shot at catching the traitor, but
things have just gotten a lot more complicated. At Storyteller discre-
tion, there can be an extended chase sequence down the stairwell of
the Onyx Tower, with the Smiling Lord desperately trying to make
his escape through the crowds of wraiths now thronging the place.

In fact, it is entirely possible that the Smiling Lord may es-
cape. If he does, it really doesn't affect the story that much, but it
certainly will get the other Deathlords up in arms.

Once the traitor is taken down, the First Augur reaches into
and through the Smiling Lord's mask, drawing out a flat mirrored
surface. It shows a scene of sometime in the past, with Yu Huang
himself and the Smiling Lord standing on some remote Tempest
shore, making plans for how the Smiling Lord can render Stygia
more susceptible to invasion. The scene takes only a few seconds
to play out, but should leave no questions about the Smiling Lord's
guilt.

At this point a debate begins on what to do with the Smiling
Lord, and the characters should be a part of it. They may or may not
have prior standing within the Legions, but as Charon's rescuers and
the villain's captors (in theory), they've proven themselves worth tak-
ing at least somewhat seriously. The Skeletal Lord will, for instance,
agree that a member of the Grim Legion should administer the termi-
nal blow, and can listen to arguments about duty with regard to various
possibilities. Most of the delegations have no clear idea how to pro-
ceed, so the characters' words and actions can make the difference in
tipping the balance toward execution or imprisonment.

Either the Smiling Lord plunges immediately into a Destruc-
tion Harrowing or he spends the rest of the scene wrapped in chains;
in all honesty, it doesn't matter that much in the grand scheme of
things. In either case, the process of restoration itself now begins.

into the Memory Palace

The Legions escort in the Arcanos experts, who take their
seats in between Legion contingents. The Mnemoi stand around
Charon on his throne. Charon still doesn't have any memories to
explain what's going on, and relies on the characters as the clos-
est thing to stability he has. The Lady of Fate explains the pro-
cess, but he's not quite sure whether he believes it or not.

The ritual taking place now resembles greatly the one charac-
ters witnessed through Niska's eyes. Charon, somewhat calmed by
the Lady of Fate, sits on his (not yet again familiar) throne, leaning
back, eyes closed. The Mnemoi gather around him, and bring in
any characters carrying Charon's memories. The Mnemoi instruct
the characters to simply breathe deeply and follow the experience.

Without transition, the characters find themselves standing with
the Mnemoi on a featureless twilight plain. The lighting suggests a
just-past twilight or not-yet-arrived dawn. The ground and sky are
very slightly different shades of gray. Charon himself is nowhere to be
seen. A wind blows from each corner of the compass, and seems to
blow through the characters' heads. As it rushes in to the center of
the ring, the wind carries dust motes that gleam like precious metals.

The dust motes arrange themselves into the form of the dark
hall the characters experienced before. But this time it's brightly
lit by torches and smooth balls of light, and it's not alone. Con-
necting passages run off in all directions. The wind continues to
switch direction rapidly, spreading the motes throughout the ring
of Mnemoi and beyond — the Mnemoi all step back as motes
settle into place and form an ever-growing building. Over the
course of a few minutes, the motes give rise to a gorgeous castle in

rrymen t

Iti

lerts the char

ind the

a late medieval or Renaissance style. The castle shines with layers
of thin metallic film.

As the pace of growth slows, the characters have time to explore.
The castle becomes more solid with every passing moment. One of the
Mnemoi explains that this is a symbolic framework within Charon's
memories can be housed. When it finishes aligning itself, then it can
be grafted onto Charon's existing soul. As long as the characters dis-
turb nothing and confine themselves to passages and chambers already
solidified, the Mnemoi have no objection to characters' investigations.

Suddenly the sky darkens and the ground shakes. Some parts
of the memory palace — a tower here, a corridor there, a suite of
rooms somewhere else —dim and even crumble. The dust released
by their collapse does not reunite with itself, but simply floats
aimlessly on the still-shifting currents of wind. This development
shocks and dismays the Mnemoi, but they press on regardless.

The actual process of reattachment draws on Empathy, Medi-
tation and Occult. Characters who possess all three of these abili-
ties may join in. They must make Perception + Empathy, Intelli-
gence + Meditation and Wits + Occult rolls to contribute. If all
three rolls produce success, then the ritual proceeds a little bit
faster. The process of reattachment takes 10 turns, minus one turn
for each triple success like the one described here, plus one turn
for any botches rolled during these attempts. When it's done, the
characters experience a final rushing movement, this time away
from the Memory Palace and back into their own bodies. A char-
acter who rolls a botch at any point in the process must succeed
ona Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or be lost in the Memory Palace.

qhe Verdict

Charon opens his eyes. His expression isn't different than it was, but
there's much more going on inside his head. Charles Anderson wasn't
just a shell, he was a real person, who expressed Charon's personality.
That link remains even as the primary soul returns to speak for itself.

If the Smiling Lord stands in chains waiting for judgment,
Charon passes judgment on him. The Imperator finds the Smiling
Lord guilty of (in reverse order) treachery on behalf of the Dark
Kingdom of Jade, criminal negligence and attempted genocide dur-
ing the San Francisco earthquake of 1906. Sentence is passed, and
Lord Nhudri (who has been standing at the back) takes charge of
the prisoner. Both vanish into the shadows, not to be seen again.

Charon then stands and paces around his chamber. He peers out
the windows at the Great Maelstrom and the battle for Stygia. With a
sad smile he turns to the Lady of Fate. "This is what you warned me of
that day. I didn't understand then, but now I know, it's not enough."

After a moment's contemplation, Charon turns around to face
the gathered wraith. He paces along the edge of his throne, to look at
each wraith in turn. "All of you, for whatever reasons, have played your
part in bringing me back to myself. | appreciate it more than I can say.
But all of us together are like peasants carrying water in leaking sieves.

Too much of what I was lies... somewhere out there, gnawed upon by
Oblivion's servants or drifting in the Tempest. | cannot be Emperor
anymore. There just isn't enough of me to do the job well, and to do it
properly. I have enough of myself remaining only to fail spectacularly,
should I attempt to resume my mantle of old. The same mistakes, the
ones I thought I had insured against, would occur again. The same er-
rors would be committed. The same crimes against you all."

Tears come to his eyes. "I can lead you one last time. Then it
will be time for another to lead you." He regains composure and
beckons to the Deathlords. "Come. We have little time to pre-
pare a defense against the assaults to come."

As the Deathlords overcome their various combinations of
fear, rage and confusion, Charon takes the characters' hands, one
by one. "You brought me here. You have borne yourselves nobly
through great trials, starting with my own death. Before | go, I
will have gifts for you, presents from what remains to me to give."

¥

Part Il:
The End of All Thing

And I turned myself to behold wisdom, and madness, and folly:
for what can the man do that cometh after the king? even that which
hath been already done.
— Jeremiah 2:12

he Walls Fall

While the Mnemoi rebuild Charon and Stygia's soldiers hold
their positions at the seawall, trouble brews elsewhere on the Isle
of Sorrows. As Charon remarked in one of the memories the char-
acters observed, too many things on Stygia have the potential to
create serious harm when they break.

The Spectral assault on the Stygian seawall sends occasional
tremors throughout the Isle; so do particularly strong gusts from
the Great Maelstrom. Wraiths across the island must secure their
fragile, dangerous possessions... and inevitably one slips. After
that, calamities cascade in ever-escalating volume. By the time
the characters and other forces on the scene learn what's going
on, the terminal blows are already falling.

The Pardoners' Guildhouse and the Commandery of the
Martyr Knights occupy the basements of nondescript buildings
halfway up the Road of Souls. "Nondescript" in Stygian terms
means that the buildings which stand over them stand only a few
dozen stories high and consist of relatively coherent amalgams of
office buildings destroyed in World War I and World War II. The
buildings therefore blend in with those around them, not as flashy
as those that include cathedrals, sports stadiums or museums. The
bureaucrats (and the Domems desperately seeking some way to
eke out a subsistence) who toil on the floors overhead generally
lack any clue as to what goes on beneath street level.

The Great Maelstrom hammers the Isle of Sorrows with un-
thinkable force. Waves and winds bear items — and Plasmics — out
of the Tempest, to batter the fragile seawall. The flotsam thumps
against the seawall and drifts away again, serving as nothing so much
as a monstrous battering ram. The vibrations from one such collision
crack a few containers holding Spectres in the Commandery and an

The Last Danse Macabre 69


intake valve for the Pardoners' vat of Angst. In seconds, Spectres
flood the Commandery while Angst throws every Pardoner in the
Guildhouse into Catharsis. (Catharsis also strikes all the wraiths in
the building above, and many more wraiths in the surrounding streets.)
The Stygian defenses suddenly matter much less, because they're about
to come under assault from within as well as without

qhe Last Martyr Knight

Precisely one Martyr Knight lasts long enough to make it to
the Onyx Tower. Albert is a young wraith, in both senses of the
word. In life he was a French rebel, fighting in turn against the
Nazi occupation and then against the French colonial govern-
ment in Algeria. He died in a car accident in his mid-40s. He
knew at once that the Hierarchy wouldn't satisfy his sense of jus-
tice, and drifted through various Renegade groups before seteling
on the Martyr Knights. It's been less than half a century since he
died quaking him one of the! younger wraiths on'‘che Isles

Albert presents a Corpus Moliated into a very generic set of
features: middling height, plain Gallic features. But when he speaks,
it's with fiery, poetic enthusiasm. He tells the lords assembled in
the throne room of how Spectres destroyed his comrades (make use
of Dark Arcanos descriptions in Wraith: The Oblivion, Dark Re-
flection: Spectres, Doomslayers, and Wraith: Great War), and
fears that the city must fall in the face of the new onslaught. De-
spite his fears, he heals himself up (accepting but not soliciting
help from any Usurers present) to be fit to take part in the battle.
Albert has no confidence in the Empire as an institution, but he
hates Oblivion) and stands ready to give everything he has and isto
allow wraiths the chance to choose their own fates. Portray him as
a quiet but supremely confident individual.

Stysia Mobilizes

Initially the defenders of the city are at a tremendous disad-
antage: All of their high commanders are in one room, far re-
moved fram: the action. The Guilds and Legions areieffectively
headless while Charon is restored. That's not to say that there aren't
some excellent officers and subordinate Guildmasters who do their
best to rally resistance to the assaults, but there's no substitute for
raw power and authority, which is what's missing on the scene.

The grandees of Stygia don't let this situation go unrectified,
however. Charon assumes command as if he had never been away
commanding the various Deathlords to rally all of their resources
(the last is said with especial emphasis to the Beggar Lord) and
ordering them to sweep up Stygia's two main thoroughfares. One of
the Smiling Lord's guards is given a field promotion and the re-
mains of his master's mask, and told to stick very close to Charon.
The Guildmasters are offered reinstatement in Stygia for their ser-
vices in this dark hour; their followers are assigned to support the
Legion troops and do side-street sweeps in efforts to clean out pock-
ets of Spectres. The entire process takes perhaps a half an hour, a
‘kably efficient mobilization. The characters may be asked for
input, but at the moment they're clearly out of their league. How-
ever, if they try to leave to get into the fighting, the Lady of Fate
has one of her servants unobtrusively block their exit. A Percep-
tion + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7) may allow a wraith to see what's
going on, but not why. The Lady of Fate is more subtle than that.

In any event, as soon as the council of war finishes, Charon
and his entourage descend the Onyx Tower to take the fight to
the streets. The Deathlords and Charon don their masks; the
Emperor takes up Siklos once more. As the procession wends its

rema

70 Ends of Empire

way down the steps, the wraiths inside begin cheering, chanting
Charon's name and renewing their courage. By the time Charon
reaches the street, the word has gone out to the troops all over
the city. Stygia has gone back on the offensive.

Charon invokes a blessing on all his company. He calls upon
the gods of his Mycenean childhood, and the gods honored by his
favorite wraiths over the centuries, and all the worthy gods he
does not know. In his brief prayer, he asks for the courage to fulfill
the highest callings of virtue and the will to persist until what-
ever end Fate chooses to offer. Then he mounts his steed, takes up
Siklos and with a shout, leads the charge into battle.

In the Streets

Newly freed Spectres and newly
into the streets in irregular mobs. They have no coordination be-
yond the barest minimum of Hive-Mind and no particular strat-

hadow-eaten wraiths pour

Overwhelming Hordes!

seemingly an infi
can be challenging

Running a combat wherein there
like this one
The horror and impact of the fight comes from the fact that

nite number of foes

the bad guys just keep on coming. Drop one Spectre, and two
teach other to get at you in its place
less to say, that sort of thing can be difficult to
However, there are a few hints that can mal
f sequence easier to run.
'r roll for every single attack by every single Spec
yy the time you
finish rolling each and every action your players will have fallen

If there are hordes and hordes of them,

asleep. Instead, decide what you want the Spectres to accom-
plish in terms of attacks and Arcanos effects. Roll a reasonably
large handful of dice. Get a sense of how the horde as a whole
does, and then dole out successful attacks as necessary; Yesnit's
inexact, but it keeps the action of the game movit

© Spread things out equally. Don't pick on one target
too much, unless the target is really, really asking for it. (Pound-
ing one's chest in the middle of battle, shouting "You want
some?" and letting a Spectre take the first shot are all forms

of really, really asking for it.)

¢ Don't miss anyone. If one character is' being over

whelmed by 30 Spectres and the next guy isn't facing any,

mething's wrong
© Think about space. Only so many enemies can getata single
wraith ata given time. Bear that in mind as you structure thing:

© Keep your numbers straight. Just because the wraiths

are in no position to count their swarming foes doesn't mean

that you shouldn't know how many they're up against. Nothing's
more disheartening toa player than hearing the Storyteller say
"Oh, did I not mention the dozen more in the back?"

© Know when tosay when. Horde battles depend on shock
and initial impact. If they goon too long, they become the equiva
lent of chopping wood. Ifthe pace of the battle starts to slacken,
joes melt away, or have the characters find

nally thought. In

have the remaining
that they were facing fewer foes than they orig
theory, a horde-style encounter works best when the characters
are constantly on the brink of being overwhelmed. If the fight

ts too easy, it's dull. If it gets too hard, it's over


egy beyond doing as much damage as possible as quickly as pos-
sible. Groups of a dozen or more Spectres set upon soldiers travel-
ing singly or in pairs. Cathartic wraiths grab bureaucrats and cou-
riers, then pour concentrated Angst down the throats of their
prisoners. Soon most of the road running horizontally halfway
between waterfront and summit belongs to Oblivion's forces, with
front lines spreading in both directions along the Road of Souls
and through the buildings in the heart of the city. Fast-running
(or flying) Spectres and Shadowed wraiths leap into other parts
of the city to create new beachheads. Oblivion's armies outside
the seawall detect the sudden burst of activity and redouble their
own efforts, pushing weak spots ever closer to collapse.

qhe Ferrymen Return

Whether or not characters notice the early stage of Stygia's
succumbing to Oblivion, everyone notices the next development.
From their haven deep in the Tempest, the Ferrymen converge
on Stygia. Most converge on the shore of the Weeping Bay and
force their way into the city; others stay outside the walls to rein-
force the defenders and draw off the worst of the assault

See page 82 for a detailed discussion of the Ferrymen's pow-
and abilities.

Even the Ferrymen have difficulty making their way through
the Great Maelstrom. Their rafts buck and pitch. Sometimes a
Ferryman actually falls off and must scramble back to safety. The
most powerful Spectres attacking Stygia's walls — Nephwracks,
Hekatonkhire and Pasiphae — turn to fight the Ferrymen. In the
meantime, other Ferrymen sweep into the streets, taking up stra-
tegic points and making the very air hum with the sound of their
scythes. Some of the ensuing battles are hard to see, as clouds of

Taking Up the Oar

Playing the part of a Ferryman can be challeng
incredibly old, incredibl

Charon as a sibling wh«

pow
mana;

member, the Ferrymen ar

ful and inclined to reg:

to disappoint the re ¢ family dreadfully. Furthermore,

Ferrymen have no Shad which means that they can f

tally on

nd nature that

It is this distinct lack of

the Shadows

ust iven task at hand

lrive f perceptive char

vcters mad with terror

Rememt ve Ferr of myth and leg

the

nan is a creatu

end. While yaracters have already had their share of

onversations with mythic figures, a Ferryman is something

else entirely. Every wraith hear ries about Ferrymen in

wut Robin Hood
ith i

or the

like

much the we hear stories ak
Lone Ranger; to a¢
stepping into-a storybook
The Fe

The characters are not equals, and he should not treat them
any attempts at being buddy-buddy are
‘ld dismissal. If the characters

man returns

ume wa)
ually meet and cony

is such shot n
il, the Ferry
If they a

with « are respec

e respect that is due to them ruck
or petulant, he should have no hesitation about demonstrat

ynamic in the
lish enor
he influence of (

ing precisely :
I h to attack

ire f
Ferryman (unk atharsis), they

leserve whatever they

storm debris swirl around; others blaze with the reflected energy
of the most powerful Arcanoi and Dark Arcanoi.

Scenes From the War finding the Ferryman

Asthe Deathlords, Guildmasters and other wraiths of note charge
into the fray, the characters (not surprisingly) get lost in the shuffle.
With Legions and guilds to coordinate, Spectres to fend off and the
shock of Charon's return to deal with, there's no one who really has a
handle on what the characters should be doing. So, as the battle
spills back into the streets, the wraiths quickly get separated from the
assorted powerhouses they've been dealing with up until now. Charon,
the Lady of Fate and the others all have bigger fish to fry at this
precise moment, so if the characters seek some direction, they're
handed down from subordinate to subordinate, eventually being told
"Stand here and someone will be along in a minute with orders."
Needless to say, the characters get forgotten, no one ever comes along
with orders and the battle moves on. Within minutes, they find them-
selves on a side street, alone except for some Spectres.

The Spectres are refugees from the Martyr Knight's redemp-
tion program, freshly escaped and coked to the gills on Angst from
the explosion in the Pardoners' Guildhouse basement. There are
four of them, two Mortwights and two Doppelgangers, and they're
not so much interested in the conquest of Stygia as they are in
making someone pay. Unfortunately, "someone" means the wraiths.

The street the Circle finds itself on is narrow, with tall, de-
crepit houses overhanging the roadway proper. There are sounds
of battle off in the distance, but this place is almost preternatu-
rally quiet. Only one of the Doppelgangers is visible. It's playing
hurt, pretending to be a wraith who was wounded in the attack. It
attempts to draw the characters' sympathies (Perception + Sub-
terfuge, difficulty 7, to see through the act). The second the wraiths
drop their guard, or even focus all of their attention on the
Doppelganger, the other three leap to the attack. The Mortwights
come out of second-floor windows, while the remaining
Doppelganger bursts from a doorway on the left side of the street.
If any of the characters have Thorns that allows their Shadows to
talk with Spectres, those will come into play. Wraiths have a slim
chance (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 8) of noticing the at-
tack and being able to react to it instantly; otherwise, the Spec-
tres surprise them.

While normally Doppelgangers and Mortwights are not
among the more savage castes of Spectres, but these aren't nor-
mal circumstances. The Shadow-eaten wade in without strategy
or thought toward anything except inflicting pain. As such, they
close as quickly as possible and then bite, claw and otherwise try
to cause as much bodily harm to the wraiths as possible. Arcanos
use is minimal, except for Larceny. The characters' Shadows do
what they can to assist the attackers, and if one of the characters
falls into Catharsis, he will turn around and attack his friends.

If the wraiths look like they're going to lose, one of the Spec-
tres might go into Catharsis of its own — miracles are everywhere
today, after all — and that brief defection should turn the tide. If
the Psycheguided Mortwight is still standing at the end of the
fight, he begs the characters to destroy him and put him out of his
pain. How you handle this, and whether or not euthanasia feeds
the characters' Shadows, is up to you.

When the characters finally finish mopping up the Spectres,
the street returns to silence. They have a moment to heal, and
then the sounds of combat start up down the street, coming from
around a bend so that no details of the combat can be seen. Per-

The Last Danse Macabre

ception + Streetwise or an equivalent roll allows the wraiths to
track the sound of the fighting. If the characters follow the noise,
they come upon a terrifying sight: a single Ferryman beset by doz-
ens of Striplings. The Ferryman is laying about with his scythe
and Arcanoi and extracting a fearful toll of the Spectres, but there
are what seem like endless numbers of them. At the wraiths' in-
trusion, a handful of the Striplings break off the attack on the
Ferryman and go after the characters instead.

If the wraiths decide not to follow the noise, an acceptable
tactic is to have the wraiths harried by encounters with bands of
Spectres and herded by collapsing buildings, eventually winding
up where the Ferryman is hewing down his foes. Optimally, a
maximum of three encounters/close calls should get the charac-
ters where you need them to be.

With any luck, the wraiths help the Ferryman defeat the Strip-
lings. He puts on a truly awe-inspiring show, and it should be quite
obvious to the characters that they are in the presence of impres-
sive power. While the story thus far has brought them in contact
with many of the most potent wraiths in Stygia, they haven't really
had a chance to see anyone of that sort of capability in action.
Now they have, and it's terrifying. Furthermore, each wraith gets a
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 9). Any success means that
the wraith's Shadow is cowering in gibbering fear from the Ferryman's
presence, for reasons that are not immediately obvious.

Eventually the Ferryman, in conjunction with the charac-
ters, finally clears the street. He surveys his helpers and thanks
them without formally introducing himself. Characters who press
the Ferryman for his name get stony silence. Hopefully, they'll
eventually get the hint and stop trying.

If the Ferryman is paying attention (which he should be), he
notices something odd about the characters, something relating to
Charon. He will spend some time trying to pry out of them what
precisely has happened. If they prove recalcitrant, he may (Story-
teller discretion) uncork Intimation to make someone want to tell
him, but that's a last resort. If the characters do explain matters to
him in a reasonably straightforward and factual manner, he dem-
onstrates his appreciation, either by providing the wraiths with some
sort of useful relic from the folds of his robe or using various Arcanoi
to heal Circle members, grant them better armament and so on.

When the Ferryman finishes, he asks the characters what they
know of Charon's current whereabouts. In all probability all the wraiths
can do is wave vaguely in the direction they came from; if they can
provide anything more concrete, the Ferryman will be most gratified.

"Thave an appointment with him two thousand years in the mak-
ing," the Ferryman says, and then strides off. "I thank you for your
assistance. We shall, undoubtedly, meet again." He strides off into the
city at an astonishingly rapid pace, and within seconds is gone.

inthe City

The next series of encounters is not mandatory in any sense
of the word, and there is no linear progression to them. The idea
is not to have the characters get hauled all over Stygia before the
city goes down for the last time, but rather for them to experience
what it is that's being lost. Therefore, the following encounters
are designed to show off Stygia at its best — and worst. There's no
specific order in which they should be run, and if the players are
getting restive you can skip some or all and get to the fireworks on
page 75. On the other hand, this is the last chance to see Stygia,

Ends of Empire

and the wraiths may appreciate getting to see the Great Library
and other monuments of the ages for the very last time.

So after the characters finish dealing with the Ferryman, they
find themselves lost in the streets of Stygia. Sounds of fighting,
screams and explosions come from all directions. A geyser of Spec-
tres bubbling up out of the ground can be seen intermittently over
the rooftops; occasionally the stream stops and the sounds of battle
wash over the city. Snatches of eerie song, courtesy of Chanteurs
fighting for their very souls, and other, less identifiable sounds
carry over the fray. Stygia is in a struggle for its existence, and the
battle has not yet been decided.

Ttshould quickly become apparent that while there may not be a
right thing to do, there certainly is a wrong one — and that is to stand
around, waiting for matters to be decided. If the wraiths just hold posi-
tion for too long, a squad of Spectres finds them and chases them through
the streets toward any one of the following destinations:

qhe Great Library

The Hierarchy's Great Library stands at the upper edge of
the mid-city battle zone. The oldest piece of the Great Library is
the Library of Alexandria. It's surrounded by other lost libraries,
from temple collections destroyed in Jerusalem's various falls to
universities torched during the Thirty Years' War and museums
looted or bombed during this century's conflicts. Around them,
outbuildings house further collections and the indices for it all.
Three tiers of Stygian steel platform hold additional libraries and
institutions, many merely shells of their old selves, remodeled to
fit the Hierarchy's needs. The combined edifice stands more than
20 stories tall, and Charon alone knows how deep underground.

Spectres attack it at its weakest points, the pillars supporting
the upper tiers. In seconds at least one pillar gives way and the whole
structure topples over. The upper tiers slide off their platforms diago-
nally, sprawling across the Road of Souls. The platforms themselves
plunge down through the lower levels, crushing almost all the wraiths
beneath. Fragments of irreplaceable relic books and manuscripts swirl
through the dusty air, along with a few traces of records kept on the
exotic soulforged papers used in the upper ranks of the Hierarchy.

By the time the characters arrive, most of the Spectres have
moved on. Only a few remain, picking through the rubble for new
victims. The characters should, by a determined assault, be able to
clear the area, as the only Spectres here are weak Striplings and Haints.
With any luck, the fight is vicious but brief, and the Spectres break
and run when it becomes clear they're up against serious opposition.

Once the area is clear, the characters' focus should shift to
rescue and recovery. If they want to pursue the fleeing Striplings
they certainly can, but before too long they're going to run into a
solid mass of Spectres who will claw their way over one another
just to get at some fresh meat.

Wraiths who stay at the Library have other matters at hand:
survivors (so to speak), treasures and the threat of further immi-
nent collapse. It's harder to get trapped wraiths out of the rubble
than it is to get objects. Excavating a trapped wraith requires a
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty variable, depending on how
deep the wraith is buried in the rubble) even to know where a vic-
tim might be, then a series of Intelligence + Repair and Strength +
Repair rolls (difficulty 8) to plan and execute a method for rescuing
an imprisoned wraith. Of course, the more wraiths the characters
free, the easier the job becomes, and the more the difficulty drops.
The characters become the leaders of the operation (Charisma +
Leadership, difficulty 5, to give any actual orders) and direct the

other wraiths. If they're wise, they set some of the rescued victims
out as a perimeter; otherwise, there's always a chance that a Spectre
might stumble onto things at a suitably delicate moment.

There are also plenty of other things to pick up at the Library
besides the corpora of the Restless Dead. The Library's priceless
collection is either buried under tons of stone or blowing free in the
wind. Wraiths minded toward posterity — or possibly toward cur-
tying favor with Charon — may seek to save various documents
and volumes. Perception + Alertness is required to find books and
other items, while Intelligence + Enigmas (difficulty 7) is required
to determine whether the item saved is of value or not.

After a few minutes bagging relic manuscripts and the like,
the characters should feel a nagging urge to move on. If they're
smart, they'll delegate the wraiths they leave behind to continue
picking up the pieces. If the characters stay too long, pieces of the
Library that are still standing start falling off thanks to the storm
dodging them becomes more and more difficult, and the
pieces of masonry falling get larger and larger. Sooner or later, the

characters should figure out it's time to move on

The Agora

Huge piles of rubble block the entrances to Stygia's mar-
ketplace. Wraiths peer out from behind the barricades, gripping
weapons and preparing for the next assault. Sentries posted on
rooftops call out the Circle's approach, and the wraiths are aware
that there are a score of relic rifles trained on them as they ap-
proach the defenses

The approaching wraiths are challenged by man in late-18th
century styled clothing, complete with powdered wig and bloody
slash across his neck. He introduces himself as Max, the commander
of the defenses. With him he has a Pardoner named Brother De-
spair, a thin, horse-faced man given to intoning predictions of im-
minent doom. Max apologizes for the necessity (which brings cat-
calls of derision from the other wraiths in the area), but says that
the Pardoner must check to see if any of the characters are Spec-
tres. Any objection to this is seen as an admission of guilt, and the
full force of the defenders pours down on the Circle en masse.

Once the characters prove that they are indeed on the side of
the angels, they are welcomed inside the defenses. Max looks at sev-
eral of the wraiths strangely, and finally confesses that he has a weird
feeling about the entire situation, as if he'd been here and done this
before. Several of the other wraiths defending the Agora chime in
with similar comments, though those in Grim Legion uniforms have
recollections of seeing the defenses from the outside.

Characters carrying Charon's memories can check (Intelligence
+ Enigmas, difficulty 9 — and Storyteller discretion) to see if any of
this rings a bell with them. On the off chance that it does, the
character finds that he has Charon's memory of hearing about the
fighting in the Agora between Renegades and Grim Legion troops
during the Great War, and of having ordered the incident removed
from Stygian history for the sake of the unity of the Empire. Whether
or not the wraiths choose to share this revelation is up to them.

There is an attempt made on the Agora defenses while the
characters are within the barricades, and they are expected to help
repel the assault. The attack comes from the north, and is led by a
pair of Shades being driven by a Nephwrack. Supporting them are
a mob of lesser Spectres, primarily Haints. Unless someone does
something spectacularly stupid, the defenses should hold, albeit
barely. The battle should be brief but nasty, and Catharsis on the
part of one of the defenders should be a constant possibility.

Once the fighting dies down, Max asks a favor of the charac-
ters: "We can't hold out forever here. We need help. Go find some-
one in authority and get us reinforcements or we're doomed." Brother
Despair chimes in with his equally chipper predictions, and an open-
ape

(For more information on Max, see Renegades. For more
information on the Agora battle, see Wraith: The Great War.)

qhe Street of Extinguished Lanterns

The Street of Extinguished Lanterns earned its name because

ing is cleared in the defenses for the characters' es

once, long ago, many Pardoners worked and dwelt in the tall houses
that line the road. Now their houses are empty, or filled by squat-
ters, and the iron lanterns that once hung over every doorway are
dark and dead. Few wraiths like to visit this place, and those who
dwell here do not do so by choice.

The Street of Extinguished Lanterns has already been swept
clean of Spectres by the time the wraiths arrive. Guild squads
have been through here, and have attacked any intruders with
especial vigor. Guildwraiths, in particular, have no love for this
place any longer, and demonstrated their displeasure upon the
corpora of their opponents.

When the characters reach the Street of Extinguished Lan-
terns, all here is silent, almost unbearably so. Even the distant noise
of battle is muted here. An overwhelming air of sadness, tinged
with bitterness, hangs over the place like a pall. Wraiths with Pz

sions or Dark Passions relating to either of those emotions can make
or Angst

The silence of the place should be unsettling, and any wraith
who succeeds on a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 7) should
sense a subtle wrongness that's growing rapidly stronger. Charac-
ters with Fatalism should also feel discomfort without the neces-

checks to see if they acquire any Pathos -

Other Encounters

If the characters seem intent on roaming around

Stygia for an even lengthier stretch of time, here are a
few possible encounters
* Catharsis

Pardoners' Angst Batter

Wraiths infected by the explosion of the

are roaming the streets, lookin,
for others to infect. A few find the characters, get close t
them, and then attempt to pour liquid Angst down their
throats. If even one succeeds and pushes a character int
Catharsis, the victim jackrabbits off into the maze of side
f the Circle to go look for him

* The Last Martyr Knight, Redux

vastation to the Ony

streets and forces the rest
Albert, the wraith
who carried news of the new Tower
From a
© down under a tide of

m? Or flee?

is trying to fight his way back to the Commandery

distance, the characters see him

Spectres. Do they go to help? Carry on his miss

© Chance Meetings: At any point the

liable to find any of the

iracters are
wraiths they met on their progress
through Stygia in either peril or Catharsis. It's up to the
characters to choose whether to help, harm or ignore these
souls and move on

¢ Fugitives: The Smiling Lord was not alone in hi

treachery. Some of his top advisors were also in on the cor

ruption, and these are being hounded through the streets of

Stygia by Spectres and wraiths alike


sity of a roll. Should the wraiths stand stay on the Street of Extin-
guished Lanterns for more than a couple of turns, a Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 6) allows a character to notice the sound
of many shambling footsteps coming up the road, along with a
faint keening or moaning and the jingling of chains.

The Mourners are coming.

When the shrouded, chain-wrapped figures of the Mourners
appear in the distance, an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 7)
allows any wraith viewing them to identify them. Little is known
about the Mourners in Stygia, save that they are to be feared above
almost anything else short of Oblivion. It is said that if a Mourner
so much as touches you, you are doomed to join their ranks. Be-
yond that, little is known save that any attempts to keep the
Mourners from their chosen targets invariably end in failure.

If the characters are smart, they'll run or attempt to find shel-
ter. The doors and lower windows along the Street of Extinguished
Lamps are all locked and barred; some have inhabitants who are
hiding from the storm; some have just been abandoned and made
sure of. If the characters can find a way to break into a building or
convince the inhabitants to let them in (not terribly likely — if
the Mourners are after one of the characters, they're not going to
let a little thing like a locked door stop them), then more power
to them, and the Mourners march on down the street toward their
date with destiny at the Onyx Tower.

If the wraiths decide to stand and fight the Mourners, then
there is every chance that they'll be trampled and eventually
added to the chain of doomed souls making its way through the
city. Should the Circle be truly foolish enough to want to slug it
out with the Mourners, a Ferryman may swoop down to rescue
them by diverting the Mourners, though the effort obviously
takes a toll on him. (See page XX for details — if you want to
make the scene particularly poignant, the Ferryman may con-
tract Mournerism himself and, with his last conscious thoughts,
explain to the characters what they've done. If that doesn't pro-
duce a guilt trip of epic proportions, nothing can.) He then pro-
ceeds to administer a severe tongue-lashing, telling the charac-
ters in no uncertain terms what complete and utter idiots they
are, and how risky it was for him to rescue them. That should
leave the wraiths suitably cowed (and wondering why the Ferry-
man bothered). If the characters are unfazed at being chewed
out by a creature of legend who has just rescued them from cer-
tain doom, it may be time to take a break.

If, however, the characters just run, things get interesting.
The faster the wraiths run (Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty 6),
the faster the Mourners follow. Storytellers may wish to simu-
late this with contested rolls, with the Circle moving only as
fast as its slowest member (unless someone gets thrown to the
wolves) and each time the Mourners gain an additional success
beyond the number the players get, they close the gap by 10
feet. The Mourners never actually catch the characters, but par-
ticularly slowfooted wraiths may feel the figurative breath on
the back of the neck.

Eventually the characters.come to a side street, the Via
Furorum, which is both considerably wider than the Street of
Extinguished Lanterns and more crowded with fighting. If the
wraiths turn off in hopes of shaking the Mourners, their hopes are
rewarded. The Mourners look neither left nor right, but continue
toward the Onyx Tower without sparing the wraiths a second
glance. It may strike someone as a particularly good idea (Intelli-
gence, difficulty 8) to follow the Mourners and see whom they're
after; it seems likely to be of some significance, after all.

Ends of Empire

Guilty Bystanders

ters do not take part i
ead to the scene «

ver the batth

ar witness.
urners all «

n. Spectres who try t

syed, quickly and efficient!

take no action

Note: These are not the same Mourners who appear in front
of Erik on page 147. There's more than one band wandering
around the Underworld, and they're all coming to Stygia.

Finding Charon

The Mourners can lead the characters straight to where the
climactic events of "The Last Danse Macabre" occur. If the char-
acters don't follow the Mourners, they can bang about the city
through however many more encounters interest them until such
time as they decide to look for the real action. That should be
precipitated by a series of loud explosions (whenever appropri-
ate and a thick pillar of black smoke rising over the horizon.
The smoke is the funeral pyre for Lord Ember and several other
noteworthies of Stygia, who have given their ultimate in an ef-
fort to defend the city.

A series of Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 7) rolls allows the char-
acters to find their way through the city to the place where the
remaining Deathlords, Guildmasters and Charon himself are mak-
ing a last-ditch effort. Ironically enough, the final confrontation
is taking place near the Onyx Tower itself. While Stygian and
Guildwraith troops have swept many of the lesser Spectres before
them, the largest knot of Shadow-eaten, and the one that con-
tains the most powerful Spectres, is directly in front of the reborn
Emperor himself.

Going Across Town

The fighting through much of the city has died down. The
Spectres have been, in most cases, pushed back toward the walls
or the harbor. That means that cross-city travel is not as hazard-
ous as it might be, at least from one perspective.

On the other hand, there's a whole new set of navigational
hazards to worry about now. Crumbled buildings make old maps
of the city useless, and a wraith who formerly knew his way
around Stygia is in for a series of nasty surprises. Taking to the
skies with Argos to check on matters is a risky proposition be-
cause of the storm winds, so getting from point A to point Bisa
hit-and-miss proposition.

More threateningly, neither the sky nor the land is terri-
bly stable at this point. Stygia has long been honeycombed
with tunnels for secret meeting places, hideaways, workshops,
bunkers, exhaust vents, Spectre storage facilities, forges, hold-
ing cells and other, less identifiable chambers. With the vari-
ous shocks the Isle of Sorrows has taken in the past few hours,
portions of the streets are collapsing into those underground
rooms. The ground, and indeed the Isle itself, has become in-
creasingly unstable. With winds and Spectral assaults toppling
buildings as well, the city has begun the slow, but irrevocable
slide into collapse.


Hacking through six of heart's Companic

no easy task, and it's characters

simply aren't up t rat's S no shame

lowing the

in giving them a for that
sort of thin
wraiths t unters, com
ing away Instant Nihil

and the | an these to great effect

the Ferryman whom the
ind hold oft

ve wraiths t

against the guard. Failin

met earlier can fight to the ide
or all of th F 1 ging tl
in and take a ¢

ome

Characters moving across the city should be able to keep
an eye out for developing trouble from above or below. Periodic
Perception + Alertness checks should allow the characters to
see and avoid incipient disasters, though a chunk of plummet-
ing masonry or two, ora sinkhole that suddenly opens beneath a
character, could make for an exciting incident. Indeed, if the
hole that opens up leads to someplace particularly interesting (a
basement of a Guildhouse, for example, or a secret Legion weap-
ons cache), it may be worthwhile to allow the wraiths to de-
scend and check the situation out. Of course, they may not have
been the only ones to find the inviting emptiness. Mortwights
and Doppelgangers are particular hazards of this sort of explora-
tion, and the Circle that descends so confidently into the wreck-
age of an Artificer's forge may come scrambling back out, post-
haste, with a Shade on thei0r heels.

The Last Hour

When the characters find Charon and his remaining co-
horts, the situation is desperate. Though everywhere else in
the city, the Legions and freewraiths are winning slow, steady
victories, Oblivion has concentrated its forces here. Coldheart,
general of the armies of the Labyrinth, knows that if he can
destroy Charon he can effectively break the back of the Stygian
resistance. As such, he's driven the cream of his troops here —
Hekatonkhire, Pasiphae, monstrous Shades — and plowed di-
rectly into the vanguard of Stygian resistance, led by Charon,
the remaining Deathlords and the Guildmasters who are still
standing. The fight is brutal, the scene illuminated by flashes
of light from Arcanoi unknown to lesser wraiths. Nihils are
constantly opening and closing, swallowing wraiths and dis-
gorging Spectres. Coldheart stands at the back of his forces,
directing the assault on the Stygian salient. Charon is at the
forefront of the defenses, swinging Siklos with a will, surrounded
by allies modern and ancient.

The characters come upon the scene from the flank and a
little above, having a good view of the whole battlefield. Sharp-
eyed characters (Perception + Alertness) can see off in the dis-
tance, a column of Ferrymen cutting into the rear of the Spectral
ranks and making a beeline for Coldheart himself. Even as the
line against Charon moves back and forth (with entities on both
sides going down in the press of battle), Coldheart shifts his forces
to deal with the new threat.

This gives the characters their chance. With the main forces
tied up with Charon, and the reserves being thrown in against
the Ferrymen, Coldheart's back is barely protected. A determined,
quick thrust just might get through. The only wraiths in position
to make that assault, however, are the characters. A Perception +
Leadership roll (difficulty 5) allows one of the characters to no-
tice that fact. After that, it's up to the wraiths.

into the Breach

The characters' charge to Coldheart is not an easy one. There
are still milling ranks of Doppelgangers and Mortwights in the
way, who aren't going to lay down and let the wraiths walk over
them. Instead, they fight with the fury of desperation. Fortunately
for the characters, as they charge into the fray, the Skeletal Lord
is overwhelmed and many of the Spectres who might otherwise
foil the charge rush to the front.

Fighting to get past an opponent is very different than fight-
ing to subdue or destroy. Should a player choose, on a successful
attack he can take one die off his damage pool and consider his
character to have "moved past" the Spectre. Characters who try
to hack down every Spectre in their way are liable to get bogged
down and swamped, but those who seek to avoid or move past
opponents still stand a chance of getting to Coldheart.

After three turns of this sort of advance, Coldheart notices
the characters' approach. He orders his personal guard to deal
with them, then turns back to directing the battle. The guard, six
members of Coldheart's Companions (see below), are powerful
and determined Spectres, and they can't be moved past. The good
thing about the situation is that Coldheart stops paying attention
to the characters once the guard engages them, and gives them
no further thought.

Coldheart

When the wraiths burst through the Companions, Coldheart
isn't paying attention to them. He's too busy shouting orders, try-
ing to take advantage of the weakening Stygian left flank (The
Emerald Lord and some of the more prominent Guildwraiths have
been taken down, and there's an opportunity there that he's try-
ing to exploit.) In other words, the leading wraiths get a free shot
at him, and then Coldheart turns on them with all of his fury.

Coldheart is an efficient warrior. He's been around a very long
time, and he's not only survived but flourished in the most hostile
environment imaginable. Despite his status as a Nephwrack, he
has considerable power both physical and metaphysical, and he's
trained in its use. When he turns his attention to the wraiths, they
had best be ready for a fury the likes of which they have never seen.

Antagonists

Coldheart's Companions
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Intelligence 3, Wits 3 , Perception 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee 5, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 1, Occult 3

Dark Passions: Defend Coldheart (Loyalty) 5, Destroy the Un-
derworld (Hatred) 3, Harrow Enemies (Sadism) 3

The Last Danse Macabre 15

ae wr

Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Keening 1, Moliate 4, Outrage 3, Usury
1, Contaminate 3, Hive-Mind 4, Larceny 4, Shroud-Rending 2,
Tempestos 3, Tempest-Weaving 3
Corpus: 10
Being: 8
Angst: 10
Artifacts: Relic rifles — Difficulty 7, Damage 7, Range 150 yards,
Rate 3, Clip 42+1
See Wraith: The Oblivion, page 261 for the details on other fire-
arms if you choose to arm the Companions thus.

Coldheart
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance |
Mental: Intelligence 4, Wits 5, Perception 5
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Intelligence 3, Wits 3 , Perception 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Awareness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 5, Leadership 5, Melee 5, Performance 3, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 4, Law 3, Occult 4
Dark Passions: Destroy the Underworld (Hatred) 5, Find and
Harrow the Wraith of Alexander (Anger) 5, Find Peace (Fear) 3
Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Keening 4, Moliate 5, Outrage 5, Usury
3, Contaminate 4, Hive-Mind 5, Larceny 5, Shroud-Rending 2,
Tempestos 5, Tempest-Weaving 3
Corpus: 15
Being: 10
Angst: 10

nds of Empire

Asifscte! Colihearea ways carlesa relic nistolintone handand
a Soulsteel sword in the other.

Pistol — Difficulty 7, Damage 4, Range 20 yards, Rate 4, Clip 17+1
Sword — Difficulty 6, Damage Strength +4 (aggravated)

Victory!

With any luck, the wraiths vanquish Coldheart. His death-
scream resounds across the battlefield, causing every combatant
to pause as Oblivion swallows its servant once and for all. At this
point, the tide turns irrevocably against the Spectres. The belea-
guered Stygian position stabilizes and goes on the offensive. The
Ferrymen resume their ruthlessly efficient work. Spectres begin
fleeing in all directions, to be caught by Mourners or carried off
by Maelstrom winds. The battle quickly becomes a rout. The day,
such as it is, is won.

With the battlefield cleared of Spectres, Charon strides across
the wreckage to where the characters stand. With him are a smat-
tering of guards, a few Mnemoi, the Lady of Fate and a few others.
Of the Deathlords, there are no sign. Charon greets the charac-
ters warmly and thanks them for their invaluable assistance. He
expresses sorrow for any losses they might have suffered, and con-
cern for Stygia as a whole. Subtle tremors now rock the Isle, and
more and more buildings are beginning to collapse into rubble.

Charon then motions the wraiths to return with him to the
base of the Onyx Tower. "My time here is about finished, I am
afraid, but there are still things which need to be done. Walk with
me." Saying this, he turns and heads back to the Tower. Ranks of
Mourners, Mnemoi, surviving wraiths, Ferrymen and other inter-
ested observers form a circle around the open space before the
Onyx Tower, and Charon motions the wraiths inside. The last act
of Charon's drama has begun.

ram 3

Charon stands in the middle of the open space before his
Tower. With an idle gesture he sets aside his mask and Siklos.
Characters who ask what he's doing get no verbal answer, just
another gesture pointing out toward the city, which lies in ruins.
Fully half the buildings show major damage, from shell holes to
corroded faces to total collapse. Fires burn everywhere. Shattered
equipment commemorates where wraiths fell in combat. The battle
for control of the city will end in a sort of triumph, but the city
itself can scarcely act as the center of the Empire anymore. Its
time is past. Victory makes an orderly withdrawal possible, but
does not redeem the damage done. Charon does not weep. He
stares with a steady, clear-eyed gaze, clearly trying to fix every
detail in his memory.

"I see my empire's end," he says at last. "It is not what I
dreamed of. But it lasted long enough for you, my heirs, to help
bring the consummation. You have earned the right to take up
my mantle, just as today I and my Senators have earned the
right to lay that burden down. I give you as many of my memo-
ries as will aid you, as much power as you can use wisely, and my
blessing. Do not refuse this thing. Though the way will be hard,
my gracious Lady," and he inclines his head to the Lady of Fate,
"has shown me a promise of better things for you. Perhaps you
will have better success making your dreams tangible than I did.
Go in whatever peace Fate and the gods give you. Best to stand


back now, as I fear the fire of my passing might scorch you." He
smiles sadly.

In other words, Charon has just sprung the surprise of the
ages on the characters. They are to be his heirs, to take up the
dream of a safe Underworld and Transcendence, and to rebuild
the Empire in their own image if they so choose. If they argue,
Charon tells them that it was written long ago, and that their
adventures have been a test to prove their worthiness. They
have passed, and to refuse the honor would be to try to deny
Fate itself. The responsibility and power are theirs, for now
and evermore.

Charon sings an ancient song softly to himself. It's a lullaby
of his childhood, a blessing to last through the mysteries of the
night. The characters feel a soft, warm wind at their backs,
and light pours down from the stormy skies above. They step
back as a pillar of light stabs down from the skies, enfolding
Charon. From somewhere, a second voice joins Charon. Ev-
eryone who's met her recognizes the Lady of Fate's distinctive
tone. The lullaby comes to a conclusion as the light blazes
brighter than the Skinlands Sun, as bright as the initial out-
burst of the Sixth Great Maelstrom. At the climactic moment,
the top floor of the Onyx Tower implodes, leaving behind a
small glow that flickers on and off throughout the rest of the
scene. Charon and his works are gone, Siklos and his mask
melted to slag on the ground.

The Lady of Fate is the one who finally breaks the stillness of
the scene. She says nothing as she steps up to the characters. Nor
does she speak as she stands in front of each one, embracing the
wraith and tracing the mark of fate on the character's brow. Still
silent, she walks through the crowd, down the Road of Souls, to
the waterfront. There the oldest surviving Ferryman waits to es-
cort her to wherever it is she waits out the years ahead.

Epilogue and Coda

The Stygian Empire is over now. Its founder gone and its capi-
tal a smoldering ruin, the Empire endures only as a memory and as
an ideal. As the years pass, the legend of Stygia will grow, perhaps
serving as inspiration for new generations of the Restless Dead. For
the moment, however, it survives only in its extremities, in the
besieged Necropoli and the souls of the wraiths who saw its glory.

The characters must now decide where to go. Ferrymen en-
courage them to descend to the waterfront; other wraiths gather
around the characters, and may as well gather at points of embar-
kation as anywhere else. Every so often another weakened build-

ing collapses. Out in the distant Tempest, the Maelstrom regath-
ers its strength and Spectres flit across the horizon.

One of the Ferrymen points out to the characters a beacon
of calm air emanating from the light at the top of the Onyx
Tower. It swings around aimlessly at the moment. As the char-
acters come to a decision about where to go, the beam becomes
steady in that direction, a Byway that lasts long enough to empty
the Isle of Sorrows.

Argos-expert wraiths bring reports of battles throughout
the Shadowlands. The Great Maelstrom wiped out much of Yu
Huang's invasion force. Some beachheads remain, turning the
usual battles between wraiths and Spectres into a three-way
struggle. The instant Byways created for the invasion all shat-
tered in the storm's first seconds, so Jade soldiers now have no
lines of communication to the Middle Kingdom. The storm's
fury ripped through most conventional defenses; in many
Necropoli, a majority of wraiths perished in the first hour of
the Great Maelstrom. In other Necropoli the destruction spread
more slowly, but no messenger bears a tale of a Necropolis do- |
ing particularly well. Q}

The characters feel the first stirrings of Charon's gifts of {
power as the reports come in. Over the next few scenes, their
scores in existing Arcanoi rise to 5, and they gain knowledge of
the arts kept secret by Guilds and Legions in addition to the
common arts. Their Willpower rises to 10. Their permanent
Angst falls to 1, their Shadows no doubt screaming at the sud-
den loss of power. (The characters aren't becoming Ferrymen;
their Shadows remain, merely weakened for the moment. Nor-
mal mechanics should apply in future scenes.) Attributes of less
than 3 rise to 3. Those who lack Eidolon | gain it now. The
characters take on a limited form of the confidence that Charon
radiated during most of his last stay in Stygia. For the next year,
it will cost them one less experience point than usual per level
to learn new Arcanoi and Abilities.

The gifts don't make the characters wiser, smarter or more
virtuous. They can do more things, probe further and respond in
new ways, but they don't stop being who they were. Their Na- ?
tures remain, along with their Shadows. In addition, they must |
still make the decision: where to go?

Once the characters settle on a location — be it a favored
Necropolis, a ruined spot on which to build anew or simply some
safe corner of the River of Death known to the Ferrymen — the
final exodus begins in earnest. Charon's Byway lets them make
the passage safely. What the characters do next marks the begin- ()
ning of the next story.

This one, however — Stygia's story, Charon's story and
Wraith's story — has ended.

qhe Last Danse Macabre 71
Sy 0F Sa Wee


N


Picture tis scene, if you will: A thousand Ferrymen poling their rafts in utter silence, each drawn inexorably to the Weeping
Bay. They move in straight lines, like drops of water running down a spiderweb. No one speaks. No one has to; everyone knows
what must be done. Ahead of us isa dying city. We are here to ease its pain.

Now, if you can picture that, get the hell away from me because iim busy. A Spectre comes howling up the Street of Empty
Bottles at m, and i make lke a vegetable slice with my scythe it boils away, screaming, and i turn to lok forthe mea attack,

_At my back, Severus ~ at least | think is Severus ~ swings like a mechanical thresher. The scythe goes up, the sythe comes
down and then there's one less Spectre infesting the streets of the imperial City.

We're on the perimeter, wordlessly charged with holding this position when all hell broke loose. it's been a blur
since the moment we all set foot on the island. The older ones began wailing then, making a sound to chill the soul.
On some level i assumed they were doing something with Keening, but in the here-and-now it scared the hell out of
me, We moved into the streets silently, sweeping the Spectres that had infested the city before us. Stygian soldiers
joined us, unwilling to believe what they saw but desperately elad for the help. Over by the Onyx Tower there was
something going on — the light show that came arcing up into the clouds was proof of that - but we had no time to
head that way.

Why? Because under our very fet, the guts ofthe island tore themselves apart and vomited forth 10000 Spectres into the
alleyways. id heard stories that one of the secret societies on the isle had tucked a few doomshades away in the basement for
purposes of experimentation, but I couldn't have imagined something like this

And now all of those fat, greedy, maddened pigeons were coming home to rost. The screams make themselves heard over
the storm winds and whatever the hell is going on over by the Tower, but i don t care. ive got business in front of me here.

Every so often ican feel Severus eyes on me. He hasnt said word one since we took our position, but i get the sense he's
judging my performance. | wonder brielly how fm measuring up, then turn asa Det hurls itself from a rooftop at me.
There' no time to get the scythe up, so roll out of the way as it impacts on the cobbles next to me and snarls.

Severus, £0 my infinitesimal surprise, just watches.

"Two hundred fucking years i was in that jar do you understand what that means you son of a bitch im going to make you
pay for every second i was in there cut off alone couldn't hear the others couldn't touch the others | want to make you bleed
As near as ican tell, that's what the Spectre is saying, and then it leaps for me.

i bring the scythe up in a defensive posture, but he dodges to the side and rips along my ribs. The cloth of my robe flows
around his hand, but his claws sink into my Corpus. Before the shock hits me, i bring the blade around and clip him on the side
of the head, but that's alli have time to do before the pain hits

i've been in scraps before. i've fought Legionnaires and slavers, and even the occasional Spectre in my time. I've
been cut, and cut deep. i've been Harrowed, and seen things that were supposed to be my sisters taken to pieces for
my benefit. But i've never felt anything that hurt like this before. is it because i'm a Ferryman now? is it some kind
of tradeoff that i have to make?


Horsesht. it's because you got cocky.

its my other half, trying to distract me again. | ignore him, and steady myself for the Spectre's next attack.

You put on Severus' pajamas and decided that it made you Captain Charon. No brains as usual, always going forthe quick
and easy explanation.

The Doppeleanger feints high and comes in low, its claws dripping something black and poisonous-looking. {twist to the
side and try to bring the scythe around in an arc that will catch the back of my opponent's knees, but he rols right. My blade
strikes sparks off the stones as he comes to his feet again.

Of course you can t get hurt now that you rea ferryman. Of course you re invulnerable. Of course you don t need to guard
your left — whoops!

And that's exactly where the bastard nails me. He punches in under my guard and through my robe, and suddenly his hand
isin my ectoplasmic guts, ripping forall he s worth. i scream and drop the scythe. Severus just watches, the impassive son of a
bitch. Tis is it. Here is where I fal. Here is where | fall,

Don tyou fucking dare quit on me now, Erik, its not over, you litle prick /am not letting you get off belore the end of the
ride. Fight back!

The Spectre's face is right in front of mine. He's mouthing senseless obscenities as he rips chunks of my soul away, The
scythe is inches away, but it's useless where it is. im helpless.

_ Five fucking years without that scythe, and now you can ¢ do without it? You re fucking pathetic! Why the hell do you think
those scary bastards picked you? Do something!

Five years without it... Severus is watching. All of them are watching, somehow.

i have to do something. What would i have done before i became... what i might be? The pain makes it hard to think. /m
on my back now, one arm nearly bitten through by the thing on top of me in his hurry to tear me to shreds.

And then it comes to me. i concentrate, as much as i can, on my hand. its stil shot through with spines, a memento ofthe
early days of my death. The spines are needle-sharp and hard as stel, and the story of them has gotten around enough that Fm
instantly recognized in most Necropoli

Now i need them, and they come to my call. Each rips itself out of my hand with a tiny shriek. Each is barbed and jagged,
and each hurts unimaginably coming out. And then, each fies straight and true into the face of the Doppelganger who s destroy-
ing me and shreds him. He collapses in a pile of fragments, then wafts away in a matter of seconds.

its over that quickly.

i slowly haul myself to my feet, doing my best to force my Corpus to knit itself back together as i do so. My robe
is wet with plasm, and there's a godawful stench on the wind. The scythe is on the ground not far away. { reach for
it and wait for sarcastic commentary from my Shadow, but there is none. There s no sign of the spines, either. They re
gone with the Spectre.


Severus is gone, too. That doesnt surprise me. | guess ive failed. All around me, i can hear the sounds of an
empire in its death throes. | wonder if Rome sounded like this when it was sacked, or Byzantium when the Crusaders
rode in. it doesn't much matter now, i guess. Even the ghosts of those cities are about to crash amidst flame and
thunder. it's time to play my part in the final scene, though truth be told i feel like a spear-carrier in a high school
production of Coriolanus.

Since Severus abandoned our post, | assume it's not necessary to hold it any more. There's an echo of confirmation
somewhere in my skull, but {assume it's my Shadow and ignore it. One direction seems as good as the next, sol wend my way
down the Street ofthe Lamplighters and go looking for trouble

i dont find it instead, as i come around a bend in the road, i find something entirely diferent and wonderful
ifind her, and everything changes all over again.


Charon s Oar:

ory 0

enyinen

And then the lighting of the lamps
—TS. Eliot, "Preludes"

Ghost Story: Dies irae

i= &4| eculiar, isn't it? To look at Dis from here, you

| would think it nothing more than another of
the Tempest's many Sargasso Seas, just another
crush of ruined, Spectre-haunted ships come
Cc, to their final rest in this eye of the eternal
storm. I can distantly hear the calls of the
gale) Shadow-eaten who infest the wrecks, their
shared impressions of the,Hive-Mind echoing faintly over the
Bridge of Memory. Yet there is more to this lonely field of forgot-
ten boats than meets the eye — much more.

Left here, then right, then right again. The hulks loom
around us, each rocking at a different and irregular tempo, mak-
ing a quiet cacophony of grindings and groans. Had my passen-
ger so much as shifted position during our voyage, I would cau-
tion him not to move. The corridor of safety through the Laby-
rinth is narrow indeed. But such caution seems unnecessary for
our benefactor, who betrays not more animation than a statue.
In any case, he has made this trip often enough to know not to
raise his arms or stand while we traverse the barrier. Though
Nhudri's Embrace prevents the Shades from attacking us, there
are other, less selective dangers sown quite thickly through the
maze. Not even I know all the hazards that await those who
stray from the narrow, unmarked zones of safety. Luckily for both

82 Ends of Empire

of us, I am quite adept at spotting the minute signs left by my
fellows to indicate which paths are open.

And so, in silence, | pole our jackal-headed benefactor
through the watery corridors that guard the city of Dis. What
brings him to call us to redeem our pledge now, after so many
centuries, | will not venture to guess, and he is clearly unwilling
to share. I glance across the mirror-calm surface of the Tempest
around us and sense a storm in the wind, a storm greater than
the Underworld has seen in quite some time. A storm that will
tear at the eaves of even the Boatmen's Society. So be it, then
— the Ferrymen have never shirked an oath before, and I do
not think we will begin now.

MOOS 00OC OOOO OOOCORCOOO

Not quite at the center of the maze lies our goal: an
acropolitan temple, crumbling and Maelstrom-scoured, the last
grim tooth of Dis thrust up defiant in the darkness. Who or what
erected this city in the Tempest we do not know. She is a city of
the ancients, walled and circular, quartered by great avenues for
the triumphs of her conquering heroes. Her drowned acropolis is
covered in temples and a mighty citadel. No doubt it was the
pride of its builders, if human hands built it at all. Now it lies
below the Tempest, drowned in first kisses and sourceless grief for
lost pets, slipped beneath the sea of dreams and agony.

I pull my boat up to the age-scarred steps and steady it with
the pole of my scythe. With the fluid grace of an automaton,
Anubis steps onto the covered terrace. Unearthly creature — I
need not have steadied the boat at all. Impassive and silent, he
watches as I drag the boat out of the Sea of Shadows, across the


portico and into the temple. As I settle my craft with the boats of
the others, I notice that most of us are here. Reaching out across
the Bridge, I feel the reassuring murmur of my fellows below us,
cut through with the hazy buzzing of the Shades patrolling the
boats outside. Turning, I find my passenger — our guest and Bene-
factor — standing just behind me, watching with those cool eyes
of his He tame with his aniearthiy grace) and walke toward the
place where the altar once stood, without hesitating to see if I
aouldlioin hime Arrogantscajisucald camo decide:

Anubis descends the steps ahead of me, each step taking
him closer to our sanctum sanctorum. Our hands have chiseled
these tunnels from the very bedrock of the Labyrinth. Unaided,
we have carved the great chambers where we store our millennia's
worth of secrets. It was the Society that repaired the submerged
temples and fortress of Dis' acropolis and made them tight against
the tendrils of the Storm Which Knows No End. All this we
have done, and thus have we made this place our own. No out-
sider has ever walked these halls and returned to tell the tale,
save for the jackal-headed enigma who proceeds me to the meet-
ing chamber. Very well, then, let the announcement come with-
out delay. I send my mind across the Bridge, and beckon the
others to the gathering place. Soon, then, we shall see what our
Benefactor requires of us.

We flow into the Great Hall like black oil, from our work-
shops and gathering places. Crowded together but quiet, we file
into the ranks of pews at this, our place of assembly. As one of the
First, my place is at the front. Behind me, the ranks of my peers
fill the amphitheater, almost wordlessly. The Navigatus stands at

his place, without lectern or chair, and Anubis, our Benefactor of
so many years ago, stands beside him. The Navigator steps for-
ward, and the sudden and total silence throws the previous din of
whispered conversation into stark relief

When Anubis speaks, it is not as if his voice is the voice of a
man, or the noises of an animal, but rather as if the desires of an
immeasurably vast will are translated into a form that we can un-
derstand. His glittering jackal's eyes seem to meet mine and, | am
certain, the eyes of every other Boatman in the room. "I come to
you on a matter of gravest importance, and speak not only with
my own voice, but with the voice of the Council of Osiris, and
with the voice of the Avenger Of His Father.

"Many of the Boatmen's Society no doubt know of the city
in the Tempest known to its inhabitants as Enoch, a nest of the
drinkers-of-blood that was sacked and set to barrowflame by
Coldheart's armies during the Third Great Maelstrom. Some of
you may even know that the city's inhabitants have resumed their
residence of late, rebuilding the ruins with the help of Thralls."

A sussuruss ensues, a shifting of feet. If any of us knew this
thing, then they have not shared it with their brothers. After a
perfectly measured pause, Anubis continues, "What perhaps none
of you know is that there is a brood among these vipers whose
meat and drink is the flesh of the Dead, and whose blood can
enslave the Restless as effectively as the Quick.

"Two of the Shemsu-Heru, the immortal servants of the
Avenger Of His Father, came upon one of these abominable crea-
tures using its powers of deceit to travel through Amenti unseen.
They apprehended it, and brought it before the Throne of Osiris.
There, the loyal servants of the Avenger Of His Father caused


this viper to reveal its mission and the name of the traitor who
had betrayed the location of our land to the Tal'Mahe'Ra.

"That traitor is now Without Name, though before its foul
existence was likewise wiped from the Slate of the World, the
drinker-of-blood also revealed to us its mission. It had come, it
told us, to make for itself servants among our people. It also re-
vealed that Amenti had not been its only destination. After a
sojourn among our people, it was apparently bound to keep ap-
pointments with its agents on the Isle of Sorrows."

There is another commotion, and it not an uneasy or a fright-
ened one. Whatever hatred we bear for the Hierarchy, we are
Stygia's guardians, just as our cousins the Shemsu-Heru are the
guardians of Amenti. Anubis smiles, perhaps, and continues over
the sound of our shifting feet and robes. "The Lords of Amenti
and the Avenger Of His Father have thus asked me to come be-
fore you. Our people are few, and the Shemsu-Heru even fewer.

"Thus, by the treaty between Osiris, Emperor of Amenti, and
the Boatmen's Society, by which the Ritual of Severance was
taught to the followers of Master Charon, we request that the
Boatmen's Society unleash the might of your people against the
city of Enoch, that no stone be left standing upon another, and
that the Tal'Mahe'Ra be scourged from the Underworld until it is
as if they had never existed. I leave you now, that you may plan. I
give you this list of agents in the city of Stygia that the servant of
Apophis so willingly gave to us, before the viper was Unmade. Do
with it as you will."

And then our Benefactor is gone, and there is chaos.
WOOO OOCOCOCOOOOCODCOOOt

It is some many days later, after plans have been made and
many, many oracles have been cast. I stand atop the Temple of
Dis, watching the Boatmen scurry forth on their missions in the
Underworld. One by one, they slip through the maze and are
gone. In the far distance, almost out of sight, a storm is gather-
ing. Even from here, the black flashes cast sharp shadows, and
occasionally the shrieks of the Shadow-eaten riding the storm-
winds can be heard.

I hear the feet behind me, and know it is the Navigator. From
over my shoulder comes his voice. "There's a storm brewing, Severus."

"Indeed there is."

"I am sorry that you must be the one, and about your student."

I shrug off his hand on my shoulder. "Tell me, Navigatus:
How long do you think that they— that he knew? The wording
of the treaty — so precise. The situation in Stygia so delicately
balanced. Has all of this, all of this," and I gesture to indicate
the maze of ancient, rotting ships, and Dis, and perhaps the Un-
derworld in general, "really been nothing more than a move in
some elaborate game? Have three thousand years of history re-
ally done nothing more than prepare us for the day the hand of
our master reaches down and moves us two ranks forward and
one row left?"

"Don't be so melodramatic. Even if that is precisely the case,
has it changed anything? Are you somehow more a pawn if the
hand that moves you is that of Horus, rather than that of Fate? We
have always known this day would come, when the storm would
break and blow the kingdom of ages into ash. Do you think that the
masters of Amenti are not just threads on the loom? Certainly, per-
haps Horus' hand moves us into play, but whose hand moves Horus?"

"] find that cold comfort, Navigatus."

"Tt is the only comfort you will receive, Severus. Now go —
the storm is drawing closer."

And indeed it is, and so I go to cast my student into the jaws
of Fate. If there is a God, then I hope that He will have mercy on
my soul when I see Him.

History

Who are the Ferrymen, that their secrets have never passed
outside their tightly closed ranks? To some wraiths, they are the
messengers of the Far Shores and enigmatic crusaders for justice.
To others, they are nothing more than Charon's former secret
police, fallen from grace and surviving on their reputation. The
truth, as always, is both more complex and more simple than any-
thing outsiders could imagine.

Founded shortly after Charon received his mandate from the
Lady of Fate — before even the First Great Maelstrom had rumbled
up from the Labyrinth — the Ferrymen swore an oath to protect
those who would seek Transcendence and to police the Under-
world for those who would cross the Shroud to abuse the Quick.
Like Charon, many of the wraiths who originally chose to join
the Ferrymen were of Mycenean origin, or of the other peoples
who would one day make up the Greek nation. These wraiths
considered their duty sacred, as indeed it was, and thus they made
their organization in the image of the mystery cults that flour-
ished among the Quick of their homeland.

The first Days of the Mandate

In the early days of its existence, the cult of the Ferrymen
was also commonly known as the Boatmen's Society or the Oath-
circle of the Oar. An organization based on initiation and mys-
tery, the Ferrymen were the first organized group to serve the wraith
who would one day be Emperor of the Underworld. To them,
Charon was first among equals, their leader in the task of aiding
the Restless to pass on to the Lands Beyond, where they could
find peace. It was for Charon that the Ferrymen who would come
to be known as the Shining Ones traveled to the Far Shores in
search of the knowledge that would allow them to perform their
task more effectively.

The Boatmen's Society was never entirely comfortable
with Charon in his role as ruler of the Dead. To them, the idea
of a permanent Kingdom of the Dead was a necessary evil, a
means of defense against the threat of the Shadow-eaten. Ide-
alists, the Ferrymen struggled to find weapons for use in the
battle against Oblivion, and to assist individual souls in their
quest for Transcendence. Charon's embassy to the Far Shores
was not taken at the behest of his people — among all but the
oldest Dead, Charon had the legitimacy of that which is and
always has been. The quest for the Seven Signs was taken to
satisfy the Ferrymen, who insisted that Charon assume his
mantle as First Wraith only with the agreement of those who
he ultimately served.

It was Charon's first act to grant the Ferrymen their own
territory inside the nascent city of Stygia, to balance the honor
given the more temporally oriented Senators. On this dockside
land the Boatmen's Society established the Legations of the Shin-
ing Ones. In these antechambers to the Far Shores, the Ferrymen
and the representatives of the Shining Ones worked to divide
those souls who sought the Far Shores, sending each one to a
destination suited to its needs and beliefs.

84 Ends of Empire
SC d @ssy ¢€ Ce: e cs °
5 = Rea. Sead : e SS NN LS WL ¢

qhe Alienation of the Ferrymen

Though the dispute never spilled outside the closed circle
of the Boatmen, the founding of Stygia, Charon's Seat Eter-
nal, began the process of alienation between Charon and the
other members of the Boatmen's Society. This alienation would
continue until Charon's assumption of the title "Emperor" cata-
lyzed the final split between the First Ferryman and his most
faithful servants. None of the original Senators were members
of the Oath-circle of the Oar. Instead, the Senators were cho-
sen from other notables of the nascent Empire, a decision which
suited both Charon and the Ferrymen well. The Boatmen had
no interest in temporal power over souls; they wished only to
escort lost ones beyond the pale of the Shadowlands. Charon,
meanwhile, needed a structure to administer the ever-growing
mass of the Dead, and to regulate the actions of those who
wished to cross the Shroud to resolve unfinished matters — a
matter in which Charon sympathized with many of the Rest-
less he ruled.

Tt quickly became apparent to the Ferrymen that their wor-
ries regarding the establishment of the Republic were well-founded
indeed. Charon's first two acts after his position as Consul was
established were the Tithe of the Dead and the establishment of
the Lux Veritatis. The Lux Veritatis the Ferrymen simply saw as a
needless frivolity — resources going to waste gathering statues
when they could have been used to reap Enfants. The Under-
world was not the final resting place for the Dead, and making
the Deadlands aesthetically pleasing was least among the
Boatmen's worries.

But if the Boatmen saw the Lux Veritatis as a superfluous dis-
sipation of resources, then they perceived the tithe as an unspeak-
able abomination. They saw it as a blasphemous corruption of the
informal tithe they themselves charged, an institutionalized mock-
ery of the Ferrymen's' ideal. With the imposition of the tithe and
the maiming of the Needy Dead, an irreparable breach was made
between the Oath-circle and its titular leader. Though the Sena-
tors took the masks that Charon offered them, the Ferrymen flatly
refused any gifts forged from the tithe-pennies.

In an attempt to make good the wrongs committed by the
Republic, the Boatmen tended as well as they could to the muti-
lated wretches created by Charon's brutal policy. Those unfortu-
nates they could find, the Ferrymen sent to the Far Shores, hop-
ing that they might fare beyond the Underworld to a place where
their maiming could be mended. Many more of these pathetic
wraiths vanished without a trace not long after their disfigure-
ment by the servants of Charon and his Senators. Not even the
far-ranging Ferrymen could find these lost cripples, and it was
believed they were lost to Oblivion.

It was only during the First Great Maelstrom that the true
fate of the lost became known. The tithe-maimed had indeed
fallen to Oblivion, but not in so agreeable a fashion as a plum-
met into the Well of the Void. It was from the ranks of these
poor devils that the Nephwracks and ultimately the Onceborn
first sprang. It was these eyeless, handless wretches who first knelt
down in the darkness of the Labyrinth and begged Oblivion to
wipe away the Underworld that had treated them so brutally.
And because the time was right, their prayers were answered;
the First Great Maelstrom welled up from the Void and poured
across the Shadowlands and Stygia alike, and the Shadow-eaten
tithe-maimed came with the storm winds.

qhe Fleht into Exile

After the Maelstrom, the practice of maiming the Needy Dead
was discontinued. Charon wisely offered no apology to the Ferry-
men for his error; it would not have been accepted in any case.
Charon did the only thing he felt he could, given the growing
menace of Oblivion — he founded the Dark Empire of Iron. With
but a single act, Charon had become Emperor of the Dead. And
in response, the vast majority of the Ferrymen rebelled, as Charon
had known they would. Many descended the Veinous Stair to
throw themselves into the Well of the Void (or, others say, to
become the creatures of Oblivion known as the Pasiphae). Other
Boatmen set out for the Far Shores, or simply abandoned their
posts and went back to their original, nomadic ways. These latter
rebels Charon banished from his sight, banning them forever from
the Isle of Sorrows.

The departure of the Ferrymen marked a period of chaos in
the process of transporting souls to the Far Shores. When the
Boatmen's Society forsook their duties, none of the Ferrymen who /
worked in the Legations remained behind on the Isle of Sorrows.
Some set off for the Far Shores themselves, and the rest went into
exile. It was years until there were sufficient well-trained Imperial
personnel working in the Legations to assure a smooth transit for
souls bound to the Far Shores. Transition to more efficient Impe-
tial management definitely improved the performance of the Le-
gations; in the first decade after the departure of the Ferrymen,
the number of souls departing from Stygian havens tripled, and it
continued to increase gradually thereafter until the final exile of
the Shining Ones.

Those loyalists who remained in Imperial service were mostly
low-ranking Ferrymen who had not yet taken their final initia-
tion into the Oath-circle. There were, however, a few full Ferry-
men who remained, bound by their oath of loyalty to Charon and
sympathetic to the Emperor's situation. These latter Ferrymen were
excommunicated from the Boatmen's Society, and would later form
the core of the Magisterium Veritatis, the Stygian secret police.

For novitiate Ferrymen who remained loyal to the Hierar-
chy, there was apparently no advancement in the Cult. While
they were eventually promoted to positions of authority, none of |
these lesser Boatmen demonstrated the Ferrymen's uncanny im-
munity to Catharsis or total resistance to Arcanoi that affect the
mind. Those few fully initiated Ferrymen remaining in the Em-
pire were demonstrably still possessed of these abilities. This hand-
ful of holdovers from the pre-Republic era proved their excep-
tional value as the directors of the Magistracy of Truth. When the
conspiracies of the Solicitors Guild were uncovered a few short
centuries after the foundation of the Empire, it was these excom-
municate Boatmen who were crucial to breaking the Guild's sin-
ister web of intrigue and the destruction of the Center of the
Wheel, the master (or perhaps executive board) of the Solicitors.

qhe Modern Era

And so things went for centuries. With the arrival of the
Fishers' Golden Ship and the establishment of the Far Shore for
this growing new faith, the number of souls who departed the
havens of the Legations for the Far Shores swelled ever larger.
Though the exiled Ferrymen would have no business with the
Fishers, Stygia would. The temples of Paradise increased in size,
and soon had roofs and doors of gold.

The Magisterium Veritatis began inquiring into the situa-
tion of the Fishers and their sudden riches, and found many

The history of the Ferrymen 85


distusbing faccecThiar they! portayedithembelpesanchelkeees
ers of the only Christian Far Shore (there were 19 such estab-
lishments registered at the Legations), and that the Fishers had
not only misreported the number of souls they handled to the
Hierarchy for venal purposes, but that they had also neglected
to inform many souls that the Hierarchy existed at all, instead
portraying the Underworld as the road to Heaven (that is, their
ad been forcibly de-
faiied@ placed in Nhurc'sem beacetorfevenaMalinredl to' pres
vent their escape.

Paradise). In some cases, unwilling souls

Charon was most wroth at this news. When the Magisterium
announced that they believed the Fishers had been plotting against
Stygian rule, Charon ordered the Crusaders disbanded and doubled
the Fishers' tithe while the Unlidded Eye finished its investiga-
tion. The Fishers' futile assault on the Onyx Tower and the dis-
patching of legates to the Far Shores is history, as is the subse-
quent exile of the Heretics

It seemed as if the Shining Ones had betrayed their cause,
and yet the Ferrymen still carried souls to the Far Shores. At times,
the Ferrymen clashed with the Hierarchy, while at other times it
seemed as if the Boatmen's Society had declared war on Heretic
groups (particularly the Fishers). Legends sprang up that the Fer-
rymen had never actually taken souls to the Far Shores, but to
someplace else. In some stories, the Ferrymen were brutal slavers,
or worse, Spectres. In other tales, they were the guardians of the
keys to Paradise and had fled Stygian persecution when the Far
Shores had bought off the Empire. In those latter stories, it had
been the attempted coup, not the conditions, which had brought
the justice of Charon down on the Fishers. As was their way, the

Ferrymen said little, and continued to carry away those souls who
would go with them, never to be seen again.

qhe Current Day

And so it was that the Ferrymen worked their way into the
landscape of Stygia. Though there were occasional clashes with
the Hierarchy, the strength of the Boatmen's Society, their
staunchly apolitical stance and the lingering sympathies from their
former service to the Emperor of the Underworld prevented any
large-scale conflict.

It was not until the middle of the 20th century that the
Ferrymen again made their influence known on a large scale.
All across Europe and Eurasia, genocides were taking place —
mass murders that the Stygian government resolutely overlooked
rather than dealing with the political consequences of once again
filling the ranks of the Grim Legion to overflowing. While the
Legions looked on impassively, thousands of souls were falling
to Oblivion, or being carried there by their Shadow-eaten fel-
lows. For the Ferrymen, this repetition of the same sins that had
brought about the First Great Maelstrom was too much. Enter-
ing the political fray for the first time in centuries, the Ferrymen
took Stygia by surprise. First supporting the Dybbuks in the ne-
gotiations that led to the Partition Accords, and then again in
the Covenant of Millions, the Ferrymen forced Stygian recog-
nition of the problem of the Shoah-dead.

As the Covenant of Millions was concluded, the Steering
Committee sent a private message to the Hierarchy: political con-
s be damned, the Hierarchy would accept the victims of

sequenc:

>.
N

SN

~
~
= .

86

I)
i

y fy

yf)

fj

»)
ze Nd)


genocide into its ranks, or the Boatmen's Society would see to the
establishment of as many secondary governments as were neces-
sary to afford those souls adequate protection. With the Covenant
of Millions fresh in mind, and reeling from the loss of Charon and
the devastation of the Fifth Great Maelstrom, the Deathlords con-
ceded to the Ferrymen in their role as spokesmen for the millions.
The ranks of the Hierarchy were perforce opened, and the Arme-
nians, the purge victims and the millions of other Restless gener-
ated by the atrocities of the century of monsters were grudgingly
accepted into the society of the Dead. Never again would the
Boatmen's Society coexist placidly with the Hierarchy, and never
again would the Hierarchy turn its back on millions for the sake
of political expedience.

Anubis and Neter-khertet

Before even the Republic was founded, the Boatmen trav-
eled across the Underworld in search of new lands, in search of
souls in need of aid and guidance. South, across the Mediterra-
nean Ocean, the Ferrymen discovered the Kingdom of Neter-
khertet, the Egyptian underworld, which was millennia old when
Charon's mandate was but newly minted.

There was a being in that land, Anpu, who is now known as
Anubis. Said by the inhabitants of Neter-khertet to be the first
man who ever tasted death, jackal-headed Anubis was ancient
even then, and wise in the ways of the Underworld and Fate.
Spiritually akin to the Lady of Fate, Anubis was (and still remains)
the protector of the Egyptian underworld. It was he who taught
Osiris the Great Rite, by which the Deathless might be created,
in hopes that they might safeguard Neter-khertet.

Meeting the Boatmen as they poled their rickety crafts across
the waters of the Shadowlands, Anubis sensed that they and their
people were greatly favored by Fate. Anubis knew himself to be at
a time of decision, and knew also that the Shemsu-Heru were
more involved in the desperate struggles of the Osirian League
than in the protection of Neter-khertet.

So Anubis went before the Ferrymen as their herald to the
court of Osiris. There, the Boatmen negotiated a treaty with the
Dead of Neter-khertet — a treaty which Charon would later
approve. In return for promises of assistance against enemies and
mutual non-aggression, the Kingdom of Neter-khertet would pro-
vide experts to tutor the people of Greece in the Arcanoi. In
addition (and most importantly to the Ferrymen), Anubis would
share with the Boatmen's Society certain secrets relating to com-
position of the human soul — the same wisdom that Anubis
had once shared with Osiris that had resulted in the develop-
ment of the Great Rite. It was from this shared knowledge that
the Ferrymen known as College of Inquiry developed the Ritual
of Severance, the ritual by which a wraith is forever separated
from his Shadow, and from which the dualistic entities known
as Pasiphae and Ferrymen are born.

qhe Ritual of Severance and the Pasiphae

The Ritual of Severance is the ultimate initiation into the
Ferrymen. Once, it was performed on only to senior initiates in
the Society (see "The Third Initiation," p. XX). Now that ranks
below Initiate are essentially probationary, all Ferrymen save the
newest inductees have undergone the ritual.

The Severance itself is a fairly complex process, taking almost
16 hours. The process combines spiritual preparation via the Arcanoi
with a magical rite. At the end of the ritual, the Ferryman separates

permanently from her Shadow, which becomes an independent
being: an eyeless, voiceless servant of Oblivion known as a Pasiphae.
It is this existence in a state of spiritual unity that gives the Ferry-
men their vast endurance and immunity to Catharsis. Yet this state
ultimately causes most Ferrymen more anxiety than comfort.

The Pasiphae are self-willed creatures with the potential to
grow as powerful as their former Psyches. While their destinies
are inextricably linked, the Psyche and Shadow now lead totally
separate existences. This causes most Ferrymen no small amount
of discomfort. For most wraiths, the battle with the Shadow is a
relatively simple matter: resist or be devoured. For the Boatmen,
matters are not so simple. Every Ferryman must spend his exist-
ence knowing that his Nemesis walks the Underworld, promot-
ing the cause of Oblivion as he himself promotes Transcendence.
For a Ferryman, the battle with the Shadow is not a game of en-
durance and willpower, but an actual race to do more good than
the Pasiphae can do evil. Some Boatmen thrive under these con-
ditions, while others do not. Some destroy themselves out of de-
spair, while others search out and destroy their darker halves. The
result of either choice is the same. Though separate, the destruc (
tion of one half of the spiritual equation is invariably accompa- |
nied by the destruction of the other. No Ferryman endures the
destruction of her Pasiphae, nor vice versa.

While it is not known conclusively outside the Boatmen's
Society that the Pasiphae are related to the Ferrymen, it is sus-
pected by some of the oldest Gaunts. Not even the Ferrymen
know where the Pasiphae get their scythes and robes. Some be-
lieve that the inextricably linked fates of the two beings make it
inevitable that the Pasiphae will somehow receive the same tools
of office as the Ferrymen. Other Ferrymen theorize that the
Pasiphae may have some sort of dark mirror of the Boatmen's
Society that manufactures these items for newly created Pasiphae.
The Pasiphae do not speak, and go always masked to conceal
their eyeless visages. Just as there are few servants of Transcen-
dence so talented and powerful as the Ferrymen, there are few
proponents of Oblivion who combine power and lucidity as well
as the Walkers of the Labyrinth.

qhe far Shores and Stygia

Just as puzzling as the relationship between the Pasiphae and
the Ferrymen is the continuing relationship between the Ferry-
men and the Far Shores. When so many of the Far Shores are at
best Dark Kingdoms with a religious rather than a cultural base
(and many are far worse), why is it that the Ferrymen willingly
carry souls to these destinations? Many allege that the Ferrymen
are nothing more that powerful, partisan Heretics, serving the
Shining Ones to the exclusion of all other Far Shores.

And these accusations are correct, though few realize how
carefully the Ferrymen monitor their charges. In truth, each Fer- |
ryman is an agent of Transcendence, nota simple courier of souls. |
For those who seek Transcendence with the Ferrymen, the jour-
ney is more often directly to the Beyond itself as to the Far Shores.
The Ferrymen seek to reach out to their charges and place them
at ease with their demise — thus the extraordinary length of many
journeys and the inordinately roundabout routes.

In many cases, this simple therapy, backed by the wisdom of
centuries and an extensive mastery of Castigation, is all that is
needed to help wraiths desirous of Transcendence to reach their
goal. However, there are some wraiths whose circumstances are
so dire, whose religious beliefs are so strong or whose problems lie

The history of the Ferrymen 87


qhe Pasiphae

The Pasiphae are rarely seen but ever-present Nemeses
of each Ferryman. Some pursue distant and unknowable goals
deep within the Labyrinth or elsewhere in the Underworld
hile others dog their Ferryman with Shadowlike persistence
Whatever else they do, Pasiphae are known to assist souls in
reaching the Well of the Void in the same way that the Fer-
ymen help those who wish to travel to the Far Shores. They

are definitely intelligent and at least as powerful as the Ferry

men they spring from

The relationship between the Ferryman and his
Pasiphae, while not direct, is crucial to understanding the
existence of the Boatmen. Each Ferryman is an engine of
destruction, able to use her Arcanoi and draw upon the
power of her Shadow endlessly and without fear of Ca:
tharsis. But while the immediate personal cost of this power

is negligible, the potential cost increases dramatically. A

Ferr
matel

man cannot starve her Pasiphae, only feed it. Ulti

the Ferryman is the spiritual power source behind
1 great evil, and she can rest assured that every erg of en
ergy she grants her

f Oblivion

Pasiphae will' be used to'further the
Ultimately, the Pasiphae is equally aware that the Fer-
she can. Asa result, the existence of both groups tends to

be a study in attempting to harness vast power in as effi-
cient and constructive a fashion as possible. Storytellers
running Ferrymen, and players portraying them, should kee
in mind at all times that while they have vastly more per-
sonal power available at a given moment than the average
wraith, the consequences of using that power are propor

tionally greater as well

For more information of the
Dark
Labyrinth.

iphae and the culture of
the Labyrinth, see lections: Spectres and

Doomslayers: Into th

so deep that the Ferryman can never hope to come to grips with
them in the context of a boat ride. These souls the Ferrymen give
to the keeping of the Shining Ones.

In reality, there are two sorts of Far Shores, those which
are run by the unfallen Shining Ones and those which are not
Those which are controlled by Shining Ones who have re-
mained true to their mission are places of spiritual healing,
where the most severe casualties of life can be treated. Such
places are placid retreats in the chaos of the Tempest, closely
guarded by the Ferrymen and by the Shining Ones themselves.
The inhabitants of these intensive care wards for the spirit are
highly empathetic with the victims of life's mischance the Fer-
rymen bring to them. Indeed, many of those who staff the Far

Shores were once treated there themselves. These souls were
lucky enough to recover from their desperate conditions, and,
like bodhisattvas, have chosen to remain behind to tend to
those who come after them. The Shining Ones who operate
these places of refuge have either undergone the Ritual of Sev-
erance, or else gone beyond the need for rituals to strengthen
their Psyche. Having made perfect their will, these elevated
creatures remain behind in the Underworld, hoping, like their
attendants, to give aid to those in need

88 Ends of Empire

Not every Far Shore is such a paradise, however. Many are
run by Shining Ones who were unwilling to undergo the Sever-
ance, or who were not strong enough to conquer the Shadow.
These places are mockeries of the true Far Shores, where wraiths
are tortured in therapies that strengthen only their Shadows, and
where the glitter in the eyes of the attendants is not the efferves-
cence of satori, but the icy glint of Oblivion. Many such places
have been destroyed by the Ferrymen, but some of these
Procrustean establishments still survive to trap the unwary with
false hope, protected by their location or by their Unshining lords,
now grown in power to rival the Onceborn.

Other Far Shores are little more than petty kingdoms, ruled
by tyrants operating under the flimsy pretense of religion or di-
vinity. Still other Far Shores are twisted mockeries of the afterlives
advertised by the religions of the Quick, or else the demented
brain-children of whatever twisted being holds the reins of power.
Of these, no example need be given.

Perhaps the most famous of such false afterlives is the Para-
dise of the Fishers. Here, hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions

of souls endure a totalitarian existence based on early Christian
visions of the afterlife. Perhaps once Paradise was a petty king-
dom of some sort, but now it is something far greater, and far
worse. In Paradise, the reins of power have become puppet strings
controlling the Elect (as those Restless who once ruled this blight
on the Underworld are called) as well as the masses of the gov-
erned. The ever-vigilant self-appointed Angelics monitor the
populace for dissent or disharmony.

For those who will not heed the stern warnings of the
Angelics, there is Sheol, the black and filthy labyrinthine realm
of works and forges which serves as the Fishers' Hell. Here,
Shadow-eaten Demonics toil to maintain the faux Heaven above.
Some who stray are simply punished, while the truly ungodly are
transformed into needed goods, or — perhaps more gruesomely
—remade through Moliate and Intimation. Indeed, there are those
who say that the pits of Sheol are the birthplace of both Angelics
and Demonics, though such notions are just hearsay, of course.

The Demonics use Intimation as liberally as Castigation in
the process of "setting straight" wayward souls, and most of thos
in the Heaven above are little more than Drones, miming out
the motions of joy and mouthing empty words of unfelt praise.
Perhaps these souls do experience the joy they sing of. Certainly,
if they feel discontent with their condition, they are incapable
of expressing it in any meaningful fashion. Wraiths meeting the

eyes of these beatific creatures have been known to enter imme-
diate Catharsis.

Fisher Missionaries are invariably heavily programmed, armed
with a formidable arsenal of Arcanoi and massively enhanced
beneath their normal appearance. They are hunted by both Fer-
ryman and Hierarch alike, and those wraiths who sojourn to Para-
dise with them should not be trusted if met again.

In truth, the vast majority of the Ferrymen — certainly all
those working in the Legations — always known that most of
the Far Shores were not to be trusted. The Legations dealt only
with the most reputable destinations when such travel was strictly
their official purview, and urged the Ritual of Severance on the
Shining Ones who would accept it. For centuries after the Ferry-
men fled into exile, the Empire sent millions of souls into the
darkness of the Sea of Shadows at the behest of any being who
asked for them. To make the situation worse, most of the legiti-
mate Far Shores continued to work with the Ferrymen, rather
than with their successors in the Legations.


From the exile of the Ferrymen until the exile of the Shin-
ing Ones, most of the souls who departed Stygia sailed into
what was at best an uncertain fate. Gagged by their own hu-
bris, and by bitterness and rage at the magnitude of Imperial
incompetence, the members of the Boatmen's Society watched
too long as the Paradise of the Fishers grew from a dozen drift-
wood shanties to a blasphemy on the face of the Tempest so
vast as to beggar the imagination. But by the time the Ferr
men chose to act, the time had passed. The Ferrymen's emi
shouted down by Fisher diplomats and ignored by
Stygian officials grown fat on graft from the tithe. It would not
be until the Fishers' own greed undid them that Stygia recog-
nized the problem of the Far Shores. It was a lesson the
Boatmen's Society learned at great cost, and they learned it
well. When the Shoah came, there was no hesitation in the
Ferrymen's outrage — only action.

Methods

The method by which the Ferrymen go about their business
of guiding souls toward Transcendence and the Far Shores is well-
known to the denizens of the Underworld. Rare is the wraith who
has not heard the stories of Restless taken upon the Ferrymen's
reed boats, never to return. While most travel with a Ferryman is
simply a journey from one place to another (often out of some

saries wer

imminent danger to a place of refuge), many Restless are reluc-
tant to discuss the specifics of their time with the Boatmen.

It is known that a wraith can approach a Ferryman asking
for transportation to a location, The Ferryman may or may not
accept the wraith's request. While the Ferrymen often choose
roundabout routes, there are few methods of transport more re-
liable. A Ferryman defends her passengers at any cost, even if it
means her destruction, and Ferrymen are nearly impossible to
destroy. Ferrymen are much more likely to accept a request for
passage from a wraith wishing to travel for personal reasons than
from a wraith wishing to travel for official reasons. The func-
tionaries of the Legions and Guilds have to find their own rides
around Sea of Shadows.

Obviously, this is not always the case. Ferrymen played a ma-
jor part in aiding and escorting the Dybbuks to the conferences
that brought about the Partition Accords and the Covenant of
Millions. Similarly, the Ferrymen played a still misty role in sup-
porting the Loyalist cause during the Grim Legion's Insurrection
during the Fourth Great Maelstrom. These are, however, excep-
tions to the rule.

There are two rules to traveling with a Ferryman. The first is
that nobody rides free. By ancient custom, those who travel with
the Boatmen pay them, either with a valuable Artifact or relic, or
with an outstanding favor of unspecified nature that any Ferry-
man can call due at any time. The payment is symbolic, but never
inexpensive. The Artifact or relic used to pay the Ferryman must
be more valuable than a simple obolus; it must be something im-
portant or valuable to the passenger. Ferryman are legendary for
their ability to judge an object's subjective worth to a wraith. This
applies to wraiths rescued by the Boatmen's Society as well as to
those who request passage — to be plucked from the Tempest by
a Ferryman is to owe him a debt. Most Restless rescued from the
Tempest by Ferrymen are far from unhappy with the fact, but there
are always a bitter few.


The second rule of the Ferrymen is that while a wraith trav-
els with a Ferryman, the Boatman's word is law. Those who choose
to dispute her orders are invited to leave the boat, regardless of its
location. Wraiths who continue to argue are helped off the boat,
if necessary by being sent into a Destruction Harrowing by the
Ferryman's scythe.

It is also well-known that those Restless who obstruct a Fer-
ryman or betray a Boatman's trust are prone to catastrophic mis-
fortune and are often subject to hostility from other members of
the Boatmen's Society. This may simply be coincidence and word
of mouth, but there is every reason to believe that the Oarsmen
can mark wraiths who cross them in a fashion similar to the dreaded
malacchio of the Oracles. The evil eye of the Boatmen, however,
has much more immediate and lethal effects. There is certainly
no disputing that the Ferrymen are closely associated with the
Lady of Fate. This reputation for the evil eye is in part responsible
for the Boatmen's freedom from Hierarchy interference. The
Underworld is a dangerous enough place. Few functionaries, no
matter how officious, are willing to call disaster down on their
heads by incurring the wrath of known powers.

There are rumors of much else, of course, plus the demon-
strated fact that the Ferrymen are ridiculously powerful. A hun-
dred different "certain guesses" abound as to what makes the Fer-
rymen supernaturally durable. Rumors that the Ferrymen have a
secret fortress hidden deep in the Labyrinth are common, as are
rumors that the Boatmen are the true masters behind the Solici-
tors Guild. Many wraiths claim the Ferrymen have already Tran-
scended, but that they remain behind to help others achieve that
blessed state — that they are the bodhisattvas of the Underworld.

v

What is Secret
The ferrymen and the Far Shores

The Ferrymen are more, far more, than the Underworld's
most reliable taxi service. Charon, the First Ferryman, never
underwent the full initiation. Like the mystery cults the Ferry-
men took their structure from, the Ferrymen took their initia-
tions seriously. Not even the Lord of the Underworld was never
made entirely privy to the secrets of the Boatmen's Society. This
would prove useful later, after the Society was alienated and
forced into exile. All those who knew the location of Dis (as the
hidden fortress of the Ferrymen is called) were full Initiates. No
Ferrymen, not even those former members who had resigned
and taken directive positions in the Magistracy of Truth, would
reveal it. Thus has the Society been protected from the wrath of
Stygia, even up to the present day.

induction

The Boatmen's Society is rooted in the mystery cults of an-
cient Greece: many of the Oath-circle's members belonged to such
organizations during their time among the Quick. Once a much
more regimented organization, the Ferrymen have allowed their
structure to change in order to adapt to the present day. Never-
theless, the Society still retains as its heart the system of graded
initiation. However abbreviated the proc: in these dark times,
the newest aspirant to the Boatmen's Society passes through the

90 Ends of Empire


ranks just as the Navigatus, the head of the Ferrymen, did. Through
the process of initiation, the aspirant gradually gives up her iden-
tity as one of the Restless and takes up her new identity as a Fer-
ryman, apart from the masses of the Dead and imbued with great
responsibility. The psychological impact of the initiation should
not be underestimated: the Boatmen's Society predates the Ritual
of Severance by over a century. There were Ferrymen putting their
existence on the line for the benefit of the Dead on the strength
of their oaths alone for a very long time before the Ritual of Sev-
erance.was developed.

Probationer — The First initiation
qhe Presentation of the Robes

The first step toward becoming a Ferryman is the Presenta-
tion of the Robes. Originally, this meant that the would-be Ferry-
man had approached the Society for membership and that his
petition had been given sufficient consideration to grant him ad-
mittance at the lowest rank. Probationers were the functionaries
and dogsbodies of the pre-exile Boatman's Society. They performed
tasks that didn't merit the attention of a full Ferryman, but that
needed to be handled by a trustworthy wraith. As apprentice Fer-
tymen, Probationers also studied the Code and received tutelage
on the nature of the Underworld.

Prior to the exile, the initiation was a ceremony of welcom-
ing culminating in the ceremonial presentation of a set of
Ferryman's robes. However, security concerns and the Society's
growing attachment to the Lady of Fate have changed this con-
siderably. No longer do the recruits come to the Ferrymen. In-
stead, the Master Preceptor and the Master Archivist (two of the
wraiths who direct the Boatman's Society) work together in the
use of Fatalism to spot potential students. When a promising po-
tential member is spotted, the Society "develops" his talents
through contact with senior Ferrymen, the use of Phantasm, subtle
alterations of weave of Fate's tapestry and the like. If the auguries
concerning the potential Probationer continue to be favorable as
he matures into a Gaunt (and this is by no means always the case),
then the Ferrymen undertake the initiation themselves.

A set of the Ferryman's garb (for centuries now it has been
a full set, including scythe and lantern) is placed on a Ferryman's
raft, and the boat or raft blessed by the Navigatus, who uses
specialized arts of Lifeweb and Fatalism to see it on its way. The
raft is destined to come into the hands of the Probationer-to-be
in a time of need. For these modern initiates, the degree of Pro-
bationer is self-initiated. Through the power of the Navigator's
blessing, each initiate comes to realize that the raft and garb are
not a bit of flotsam cast adrift on the Tempest: these items are
his, should he choose the accept the mantle. By no means does
every potential initiate choose to enter the ranks of the Ferry-
men. The rafts and garb of those who refuse eventually make
their way back to the Isle of Dis, where they are ceremonially
destroyed. There is no second request.

Novitite — The Second initiation
qhe Education and the Oath

The second initiation has changed little over the years. For-
merly, a Ferryman who proved herself worthy during her service

as a Probationer was taken into the next circle of initiation, the
Novitiates. At this point, she was awarded more responsibility
and her education in the Boatmen's Society begun. After achiev-
ing the second grade in initiation, the Ferryman-to-be's superiors
assessed her education in the Arts of the Dead. In any areas they
judged her lacking, she was tutored until she met the standards of
the Boatmen's Society. The initiate's second rite of passage was
quite weighty. Senior Ferrymen Castigated the initiate through
the use of Defiance for seven days until her Shadow was totally
silent. Then, after an elaborate ceremony of several hours, the
Probationer swore the Ferryman's Oath, witnessed by the
Navigatus and the other members of the Steering Committee.
They then ceremonially awarded the new Novitiate her scythe
—asymbol of her ability and obligation to fight for the Boatmen's
Society, should some threat arise.

In the modern day, the process of initiation is much the |
same, though of course the Ferryman-to-be has been given all
the symbols of her office in advance. Probationers are still taught |
the Arcanoi until they have met the minimum requirements set
by the Master Preceptor (see "The Rituals of Initiation," page
90), and are still schooled in the lore of the Underworld. None
of the alloyed Arcanoi are taught, even to modern Novitiates,
nor are any of the Society's great secrets revealed to them. It is
only after her final initiation and the Ritual of Severance that
the Ferryman-to-be learns the nature of the Pasiphae, the secret
of the Mourners and the other closely guarded lore of the
Boatmen's Society.

intiate — The Third initiation
qhe Ritual of Severance

The third initiation — the true entry of the aspirant into the
ranks of the Boatmen's Society — has changed only once in the
history of the Dark Kingdom of Iron. That change, the introduc-
tion of the Ritual of Severance into the ceremony, brought about
a profound shift in the Society. The psychological impact of the
Severance, and of the First Ferryman's refusal to be re-initiated
into the ranks of the Severed, shaped so much of what came after
in the Underworld that it is difficult to overstate the importance
of the event. The transformation of the Boatmen's Society from a
political organization with mystical trappings into a true religious
order, and its subsequent alienation from the secular elements of |
Charon's emergent Stygian society, can all be laid at the feet of
the Severance. For better or worse, the Ferrymen and their Bene-
factor, Anubis, who bartered the secrets of the soul for the safety
of his people, forever changed the course of Stygian history.

During the third initiation, the Novitiate gives up his name

and his identity among the people of the Underworld, taking up") )

anew identity among the Ferrymen. He swears an oath that he
understands that from the good he does may also spring some
evil, and that he accepts this. The Novitiate then endures the
Ritual of Severance.

The ritual is the acid test of the initiate. When the
Shadow is cut away, the Pasiphae forms only a few feet from
the Ferryman, and they face one another. Over the newly
formed Bridge of Thoughts, the link which connects all those
who have undergone the Ritual of Severance, the recogni-
tion is instantaneous. If either the Pasiphae or the Ferryman
cannot abide the idea that his other half will walk the Un-
derworld unrestrained, then the Ferryman's career ends at that

The history of the Ferrymen 91


point. None of the Ferrymen present will so much as budge
to stop either of the new-made entities from destroying the
other, and in the process, itself. Assuming the pair do not
annihilate one another, each departs. The Ferryman climbs
to the top of Dis' acropolitan temple, and is welcomed into
the ranks of the Boatmen's Society by the Navigatus and the
rest of the Steering Committee. The Pasiphae descends into
the Labyrinth though a door in the ritual area. Perhaps it
meets a similar welcome from its fellow Labyrinth-walkers,
or perhaps not — none of the Boatmen have ever followed
the Pasiphae on its journey to find out.

After the Ritual of Severance and the final initiation, the
Boatmen's Society holds no secrets to the new Ferrymen. He is
taught the alloyed Arcanoi, and the secrets of the Mourners and
what it known of the Pasiphae. He is schooled in the true history
of the Boatmen's Society, in the nature of the Benefactor and the
Society's shameful period of inaction after the exile. The new Fer-
ryman is entitled to request any item from the stores of Dis, or to
ask a fellow Ferryman for anything and expect his desires to be
honored without question.

The initiate is no longer part of Stygian society — he is a
Ferryman, a guardian of souls, and his fellow Boatmen are his
people and his only true family. Even though he will encounter
his brothers and sisters only rarely, he is part of something greater
than any single individual. The impact of this is quite profound:
Those who join the Ferrymen are idealists to begin with. The
Ritual of Severance and the community of their fellows renews
that idealistic streak, and the nagging knowledge that the Pasiphae
are out there, as intelligent and as powerful as the Ferrymen them-
selves, lends urgency to their actions. Ferrymen are some of the
most motivated individuals in the Underworld. They toil end-
lessly, fight without ceasing to protect their charges and make any
sacrifice necessary, no matter how heroic, to accomplish their goals.
They are without peer.

Ottices

Though there are only perhaps a thousand Ferrymen to-
tal, and despite the fact that the members of the Boatmen's
Society invariably interact in an informal fashion, there are a
few positions of importance within their ranks. In any organi-
zation that engages in group undertakings, there must be some-
one, or several someones, who help, however informally, to
coordinate the activities of the group's membership. In the
Boatmen's Society, this need is filled by the Steering Commit-
tee and the First. While all Ferrymen are beholden to the Steer-
ing Committee, the Committee takes great pains not to inter-
fere in the individual existences of the members, instead at-
tempting to guide the Society as a whole. Individual Boatmen
can and do go their own way. Perhaps the most obvious ex-
ample of this is the Ferryman Nicholas and the other members
of the council that founded and maintain the Midnight Ex-
press. Though certain of the contrivances that allow the Mid-
night Express to follow its somewhat unusual schedule were
drawn from the stores of the Boatmen's Society, the entire
project was organized, undertaken and operated with no more
than a nod to the Committee. This sort of independent action
is typical of the Ferrymen, who are without exception old
enough and wise enough to run their own show and run it well.

Ends of Empire

efi

first
By tradition, special honor is given to those Ferrymen who
were full initiates in the Boatmen's Society prior to the develop-
ment of the Ritual of Severance. These Boatmen are given spe-
cial honor because they carried out the duties of their office with-
out the benefits of Severance — an often difficult task. After the
founding of the Republic and the alienation of the Society, the
First became the informal advisors to the Steering Committee. |
The First became even more important after the Ferrymen aban-
doned the Empire and fled into exile, acting as the Society's pool
of diplomats, leaders and junior executives.
Over the centuries, as the First have slowly dwindled, what
began as an honorific has become a semi-formal position. Ferry-
men who show talent, promise and a shrewd eye have their names
suggested for promotion at the regular meetings of the Planning
Assembly, a group consisting of the Steering Committee and ad-
vised by the members of the First whose general goal is to plot a
future course for the Society. The invitation to attend the meet-
ings of the Planning Assembly must by tradition be extended three
times before the Ferryman is considered one of the First and thus
a de facto invitee.
Over a dozen of the original First persist, and most of those
who were not there originally aren't all that much younger. The
newest First are over a thousand years dead, with the youngest
having spent a "mere" seven centuries in the Underworld. All
the First are masters of a dozen or more Arcanoi and equipped
with some of the finest Artifacts in the Underworld. As a group,
the First routinely consort with beings like the Lady of Fate and
the Benefactor, and have demonstrated the ability to call on these
beings for assistance when the need arises.
The work of the First is not entirely related to the gover-
nance of the Boatmen's Society. The Planning Assembly is also
in charge of making certain that sufficient material is available to
feed the Society's soulforges. Just as the Pasiphae occasionally roam
the Underworld as engines of destruction, the First sometimes
travel the Labyrinth as Helldivers, harvesting dozens of Spectres
for the forges, sowing dissension and combing the corridors for
lost souls. For these missions, the First use Stygian steel doors in
Dis that seal off passages leading far below the shallow burrowings
of the Boatmen's Society, doors to which only the Master Archi-
vist has the keys. Each of these doors is always guarded by a sen-
try, usually one of the First, their equipment drawn from the stock
of Artifacts and relics the Boatmen's Society has gathered for use
in the defense of their home. Though attempts at forced entry
have been made, no denizen of the Labyrinth has ever success-
fully entered Dis from below.

qhe Steering Committee

The Steering Committee is composed of the five Ferrymen
who jointly decide the direction of the Boatmen's Society. Va-
cancies in the Committee are filled by decision of the Planning
Assembly. To date, every Committee member has been one of the
First. Similarly, every vacancy on the Steering Committee has
been filled with the candidate recommended by the remaining
Committee members. However, there are no formal rules of pro-
cedure for these matters, or for any of the activities of the Plan-
ning Assembly and the Steering Committee. Steering Commit-
tee turnover is so low, the membership so talented and the work-


ing relationships so well-developed that rules of order would cre-
ate a far greater hindrance than a help.

Appointment to Steering Committee positions is permanent,
though members have stepped down in the past, usually because
they no longer felt they could do the position justice. For example,
in 1843, Master Preceptor Juliana quit her post without explana-
tion and returned to the ranks of the First. Steering Committee
members generally have between three and five Students, Ferry-
men of the First who work as their direct subordinates and assis-
tants. While the Assembly holds a pro forma vote on the appoint-
ment of new Steering Committee members, it has not yet contra-
dicted the recommendation of a retiring Committee member or

declined a clear heir apparent.

Navigatus

The Navigatus (Navigator) is the chairman of the Steer-
ing Committee and the first among equals. Originally the ad-
ministrative director of the Ferrymen, the Navigatus increas-
ingly came to fill an executive role as the Boatmen's Society
drifted further from directly serving Charon's will. Though his
tule is far from autocratic, the final decision of the Navigatus
is just that — final.

In the entire history of the Ferrymen, there has only been
a single Navigatus. Supposedly he was Charon's first follower,
but the name of the Navigatus has long been lost to history.
Now, he is known only as the Navigator. Some Ferrymen say
that not even the Navigator remembers his name. There was a
very brief period after the foundation of the Republic when
the Navigatus wore a very simple domino mask out of respect
for his position in the newly founded government of Stygia.
Part of an elaborate political deal, the Navigator accepted the
mask only on the condition that it be forged from the corpora
of Spectres (or doomshades as they were then called), which
were at that time extremely rare. Thus, the Boatmen symboli-
cally accepted the Stygian structure, but only on their own
terms. After the exile, however, the Navigatus put his mask
aside (it still hangs in the workshop of Master Fabricant) and
resumed his regular, barefaced role.

While he is painfully drawn (as are all those who undergo
the Severance), the Navigatus is a short, thickly built man, his
face pocked from acne. Clearly in his early middle years and blessed
with thick black hair, the Navigatus looks as if he'd be more at
home behind a shipwright's adze than sitting behind his desk in
the Lesser Hall. While the Navigator often has pressing concerns
of office to attend to, he never lets his hands rest idle. At those
times when the Society does not need him as its leader, the
Navigatus performs the task he knows and loves best — supervis-
ing the construction of the boats and rafts that convey the Boat-
men on their errands across the Underworld.

Master Archivist

The Master Archivist's duties mix both past and future. The
Archivist is the historian of the Ferrymen, charged with keeping
records of the lives of the Ferrymen and the doings of the Boatmen's
Society. Even the sharpest memory dulls over the millennia, and
it is by the pen of the Master Archivist that the deeds and lore of
the Ferrymen are preserved from the teeth of time. The Archives
of the Society cover every possible topic, from the day-to-day his-
tory of the Underworld and the Skinlands to the discoveries of
the now-defunct College of Inquiry. As historian, the Master Ar-

chivist works closely with the Master Preceptor to induct new
members into the Boatmen's Society.

The Archivist is also the Ferrymen's master seer, and charged
with foreseeing the future and helping the Society chart its course
through the turbulent waters of the Underworld. The clairvoy-
ants among the Ferrymen are said to use divinatory systems un-
known among the Quick or even to the Oracles Guild. These
systems, which involve the use of various elements of the afterlife
(soulfire crystals, material from the Labyrinth, plasm, soulsteel
and bits of relic material), are of mysterious origins.

Some Oracles claim the Ferrymen learned their scrying tech-
niques directly from the Lady of Fate, while others claim them
to be an independent development. There is certainly some rea-
son to believe the first claim: The Master Archivist is the
Society's primary liaison with the mysterious being known as
the Lady of Fate. Though the Ferrymen have alienated them-
selves from Stygian politics, they have kept in contact with the

Lady. Over the years, this contact has grown increasingly close,

to the point where rumors of the alliance between the Ferrymen
and the Legion of Fate now makes the regular rounds of Stygian
political gossip. Given the often-adversarial nature of relations
between the Ferrymen and the Hierarchy, this can only place at
risk the already-delicate relationship between the Lady of Fate
and the rest of the Deathlords.

Argus the Red, so called for his hair, is the current Master
Archivist of the Boatmen's Society. Though Argus is one of the
Myceneans who formed the original cadre of the Ferrymen, he
only ascended to his post in the 1400s, when the previous Archi-
vist retired to a hermit's existence on one of the Far Shores. A
talented librarian and scholar, Argus is only moderately capable
as a seer. To cover this weakness, he relies heavily on the Ferry-
man Hekabe, one of the more recent First and one of the
Underworld's most talented Fatalists. Though she is theoretically
Argus' subordinate, Hekabe often attends Steering Committee
meetings, thus becoming a de facto member of the Steering Com-
mittee. It is entirely possible that if Hekabe leaves her position

before Argus, another seer will be appointed to take her place, |

thus producing a new Steering Committee office.

Master Fabricant

The Master Fabricant is the Boatman in charge of develop-

ment and manufacture of the tools by which the Ferrymen carry

out their trade. The robes, scythes and other accouterments of
the Boatmen are her responsibility. While the Boatmen refuse

to use even Drones for soulforging, they have no qualms about |
using Spectres. Many of the First predate the emergence of ( |

Nhudri from the Great Maze, and the Boatmen's Society has
had members who learned the arts of the forge when the craft

first spread beyond Nhudri and his immediate apprentices. There

are a number of truly masterful Artificers within the Society,
and the creations wielded by elder Ferrymen are among the most
powerful items in the Underworld. Interestingly enough, while
the Ferrymen teach the art of soulforging outside the auspices of
the Artificers Guild, they insist on the same brutal initiatory
proceedings as Ember's subordinates do. There are some rumors,
unsubstantiated but in common circulation, that Nhudri taught
Daedalus, the former Master Fabricant, personally.

The current Master Fabricant, Aretas, assumed her role
shortly after the previous Master's death during the Third Great
Maelstrom. Compared to the rest of the Committee, Aretas is
young. She was said to be a student, lover or perhaps both to

The History of the Ferrymen 93

CDEP


Archimedes during his life, and to have died in the sack of
Syracuse. She first joined the Ferrymen just as the Fishers be-
gan to increase in power, and was made one of the First around
the year 1000, after only six centuries with the Society. After a
century of general service on the Planning Assembly, Aretas
began working as direct assistant to the previous Master
Fabricant. After Daedalus was destroyed holding one of the
lower portals of Dis against a Hekatonkhire during the Third
Great Maelstrom, she ascended to his post according to his
publicly expressed wishes.

Master-at-Arms

The Master-at-Arms is the Ferryman responsible for the
battle-readiness of the Society, both its individual members and
as a whole. First among the Master's responsibilities is making
certain that every Ferryman is equipped and trained for battle. In
the former, the Master-at-Arms cooperates closely with the Mas-
ter Fabricant, assuring that every Ferryman is properly equipped.
In the latter, the Master works closely with the Master Preceptor,
making certain that each Ferryman is properly trained in the art
of battle and educated in the defenses of the Drowned City.

The Master-at-Arms acts as the castellan of Dis. While the
Ferrymen have no intentions of taking the open field of battle as
agroup, the defenses of Dis must still be seen to. Additionally, the
Boatmen's Society regularly launches raids into the Labyrinth to
provide the Master Fabricant with raw material for her forges.
The Master-at-Arms organizes these Helldiving parties, which are
composed of whatever members of the First are available and are
led by the Master-at-Arms.

The Ferrymen's current Master-at-Arms is Panthesilea, who
has held her position since the previous Master-at-Arms was de-
stroyed during the First Great Maelstrom. Panthesilea is a shovel-
faced, uncommunicative woman whose duties consume most of
her time and energy. Though she appears unassuming, she is in
fact tremendously skilled, routinely carrying on her person some
of the most powerful Artifacts in the Ferrymen's arsenal. During
the Third Great Maelstrom, Panthesilea destroyed the Onceborn
Carnifax Rex in single combat after its destruction of the previ-
ous Master Fabricant. Though a talented Ferryman, she has not
ferried a soul across the Tempest in centuries. She regularly threat-
ens to step down from her position to reacquaint herself with what
she sees as the primary goal of the Ferrymen, but has been argued
out of it, at least so far.

Master Preceptor

The Master Preceptor is the Ferryman responsible for select-
ing, initiating and training new members of the Boatman's Soci-
ety. In this, the Preceptor works closely with the Archivist and
the Master-at-Arms. Since the Rite of Severance was developed,
the Master Preceptor has also been responsible for administering
it to those undergoing their third initiation. Before the Final Ex-
periment, the Master Preceptor was also the leader of the College
of Inquiry. However, since the tragedy that led to the creation of
the Mourners, the College has been inactive. The Preceptor is
also the seneschal of Dis, responsible for seeing to those aspects of
the citadel's maintenance and upkeep that are unrelated to the
defenses. To accomplish this task, the Preceptor has not only those
Ferrymen who are undergoing their preliminary initiation and
education, but also a number of Spectres held in Nhudri's Em-
brace that are used for manual labor.

94 Ends of Empire

The current Preceptor is the youngest of the Steering
Committee members by far. Born in Byzantium in the 800s,
Alexandrus became a Ferryman around the year 1200, and
was made one of the First shortly after the Third Great Mael-
strom. Willowy, with a feminine build made almost anorexic
by the Ritual of Severance, Alexandrus has long raven hair
that maintains its luster even in the afterlife. Some say this is
not natural but a result of cosmetic Moliation, a practice vir-
tually unknown among the Ferrymen. Alexandrus ascended
to the Preceptor's post after the previous Master Preceptor's
demise in the Last Experiment in the mid-1700s. While much
less experienced than the other members of the Steering Com-
mittee, Alexandrus' young age gives him a degree of verve in
executing his office that none of the other Committee mem-
bers can match.

Dis the Haven ofthe Ferre

history

The city of Dis has been the headquarters of the Ferrymen
since the time only a few centuries after the founding of the Soci-
ety. Drowned in the Tempest long before the Ferrymen found it,
Dis is a planned city in the fashion of the era. Built around a rock
hill, Dis is walled and circular in pattern, with a broad avenue
running along each of the four cardinal directions. The acropolis
is covered in a number of temples and large residences, as well as
a strong citadel.

Dis' origins are unknown. None can say if it was built in
the Underworld by some now-forgotten people, or destroyed in
some Skinlands cataclysm so great that it was cast directly into
the Tempest. Perhaps Dis is an Amphiskiopolis cast up into the
Sea of Shadows by some bizarre contortion of the Labyrinth's
geometry. Whatever the case, Dis was deserted when the
Boatmen's Society discovered it, drowned up to the steps of the
temple that crowned the summit of the acropolis. The city's struc-
tures were stripped down to the bare marble but otherwise in-
tact. All around it hung the air of disaster recently departed, but
its future was unsullied enough. And so, lacking a home, the
Ferrymen took the city as their own. .

However, rather than attempting some project to lift the
city from below the waves or dike it off from the Tempest, the
Ferrymen embraced it as it was. Starting from the still-exposed
temple on its summit, the Ferrymen dug down through the bed-
rock of the Labyrinth, hollowing out rooms and passageways
in the black stone of the hill. Workers and Thralls went down
into the Tempest around the summit, to make the great build-
ings of the acropolis tight against the Sea of Shadows, and then
to dig inward until they met the workers digging outward to-
ward them.

After centuries of constant work, Dis became what it is to-
day: a fortress carefully hidden in the hair-fine space between.
the devils of the Labyrinth and the deep black sea of the Tem-
pest. Miles of twisting corridors and labyrinths of long-forgot-
ten rooms house the secrets of what is without a doubt the Dark
Kingdom of Iron's most powerful secret society. Even today, work
expanding Dis continues at a lessened pace, as the Ferrymen cut
galleries and workshops from the black bones of the Underworld,
and their enthralled Spectres reclaim buildings from the clutches
of the Tempest.

To further conceal their presence, the Ferrymen labored long
(and labor still) constructing a vast artificial agglomeration of
wrecked ships above the sunken streets of Dis. Extending for miles
in every direction from the center of the city, the maze of Dis
serves many purposes. It conceals the acropolitan entrance to the
city, as well as protecting the city from detection during the
Tempest's moments of unremitting clarity. Indeed, the reputation
of such crushes of ships as havens for nests of Spectres exiled from
the Labyrinth is so bad as to cause most wraiths to give these
ships' graveyards as wide a berth as possible.

The maze also serves as Dis' first line of defense against any
possibility of attack. The spaces between the ships are both thickly
salted with traps and heavily patrolled by Spectral "watchdogs."
Between their natural territoriality, collars in the mode of Nhudri's
Embrace and the judicious use of Intimation, the Shades, Haints
and vulpines who patrol the sea of lost ships around Dis perform
their task with remarkable efficiency. While the maze would do
little more than act as a speed bump for an organized expedition,
that delay is enough. And as for lesser expeditions, foolish travel-
ers and foolhardy salvage teams may enter the maze of Dis, but
they do not leave.

The paths through the maze shift over time, and of the paths,
some are safe at certain times, and some at others. A system of
very subtle signs is used to convey information about which lanes
are clear to Ferrymen traversing the maze. This language of float-
ing debris and the periods of bobbing ships is almost invisible to
those who do not know what to look for. Even if a traveler can
spot the presence of the codes, the meanings of the various signs
change from place to place in the maze. Though a number have
tried, none have yet come to Dis without the escort of one of
the Boatmen.

Places of importance

The refuge of Dis is a fortress millennia old, and its tunnels
wind for miles beneath the original city. It was intended to serve
as a haven for a much larger organization, and the additions
carried out over the years have had no set order. The city's for-
gotten rooms and abandoned cul-de-sacs are numberless. Even
those of the original architects who survive have forgotten the
layout of many sections and the intended purpose of many ar-
eas. Below are some of the fortress' most important locations,
but there are other places used only by a few Ferrymen or aban-
doned to the dust of ages. These are not discussed, and are left
to the individual Storyteller to detail.

The Acropolitan Temple: The Temple is the last part of
drowned Dis to protrude above the surface of the Tempest. The
waves of the Sea of Shadows lap at the steps of this ancient struc-
ture, the fane of some long-forgotten sky god. Within, enthralled
Spectres wait to help moor the rafts of arriving Ferrymen or to
haul their boats into the safety of the Temple's interior. Inside,
where the altar once stood now lies a well-trodden flight of steps
leading downward into the heart of the refuge. Normally, the
Temple is left open to the storm during Maelstroms, but the stairs
themselves are closed with a tremendous Stygian steel shutter.
While this gate is normally locked when the door is closed during
storms, every Ferryman is given the key, a simple set of soulsteel
wards with a pentagonal tag (as depicted on the back of Wraith:
the Oblivion, 2nd Edition). The gate has been breached in the

past, however, and during storms it is always guarded from the
inside by at least one Ferryman.

The Great Hall: Infrequently used, the Great Hall is opened
for the rare occasions when all or most of the Ferrymen gather
together to debate some issue or hear a pronouncement from the
Steering Committee. Carved by the Ferrymen from the heart of
the stone hill on which Dis sits, the Great Hall is semi-circular,
shaped like an amphitheater or lecture hall. The seats, like the
rest of the room, are cut from the black, living rock of the Laby-
rinth itself. The walls of the Great Hall are shot through with
veins of some sort of luminescent crystal, which light the room in
a harsh, blue-white radiance.

There is no comfort in the seats, however, nor is there a po-
dium or other accommodations for a speaker. Such appurtenances
are not the way of the Ferrymen, given as they are to only infre-
quent debate. Only the most serious issues are subjected to formal
debate in the Great Hall. In most other cases, the Steering
Committee's consideration of the issue, backed up by the advice
of the First and straw polls of the general membership, take the 4
place of orthodox debate.

The Lesser Hall: Used much more frequently than the Great
Hall, the Lesser Hall serves as the meeting place of the Steering
Committee to debate such day-to-day matters as concern these
ancient beings. It is also the meeting place of the Planning As-
sembly. Lavishly appointed, the Lesser Hall is furnished with a
table and a large number of comfortable chairs, though how ex-
actly these are arranged depends on the circumstance.

The Lesser Hall is located in one of the buildings of Dis'
acropolis. Originally built from brilliant white marble, the build-
ing has been salvaged and made tight against the Tempest by the
Boatmen. The walls have been carefully reinforced with Stygian
steel bracings and great windows opened in the walls. These sub-
merged windows are glazed with a near-unbreakable crystal found
deep within the Labyrinth beneath Dis, and afford a perfect view
of the Tempest beyond the walls of the room.

The Lesser Hall is lit by carefully selected soulfire crystals in
lamps of relic gold and amber, and the walls are covered in thick
hangings of gold and scarlet. Overall, the effect is one of standing
in a warm, well-appointed council hall while strange storms boil
beyond the windows. Through cunning artifice, Artifacts employ-
ing variants on the Phantasm art Phantasmagoria work to rein-
force this impression. In the precincts of the Lesser Hall, particu-
larly with the curtains drawn, a Ferryman can sometimes even
forget she is in the Underworld at all.

The Stores and Forges: Deep below Dis lie the forges and
workrooms of the Master Fabricant and her assistants. In these
mazy chambers lie stunningly appointed workrooms for every
form of craft known to the Quick and the Dead alike. From
the making of printed circuitry and the working of wood to
the forging of soulsteel and the shaping of True Jade, a crafts-
man familiar with the layout of the workrooms is never at a
loss for the proper tool for the job at hand. Materials are some-
times more scarce, but the Fabricants travel the Underworld
both in their duties as Ferrymen and in search of raw materi-
als. Likewise, there are places in the maze of ships above where
the Thralls of the Fabricants squat among the hulks and win-
now the Tempest in search of the objects that might prove
useful to the Boatmen's Guild.

More extensive than the workshops are the storerooms that
hold the Fabricants' raw materials and finished products. Some
are warrens of small, interconnected rooms, and others are great

The history of the Ferrymen

caverns that have become cyclopean over the millennia. As with
so much in Dis, the contents and specifics of these rooms are
forgotten even to those who carved them and filled them. There
are rumors that in some places in this warren, there are rooms
where coffles of Spectres have been trapped in Nhudri's E
brace for hundreds of years, awaiting use as forge-fodder. C
tainly, a large number of Plasmics, not all of them friendly, have
taken up residence in these rooms. Many Artifacts have been
damaged or ruined by the depredations of these creatures. A

number of forgotten Spectres have escaped and live like rats in
the depths of the storeroonis, competing with the Plasmics for
sustenance. Ferrymen going into the deeper storerooms usually
go heavily armed and travel in groups. Specially trained vulpines
and Shades similar to those used in the maze above are used to
help control these pests. Although constrained by collars simi-
lar to Nhudri's Embrace, the beasts are otherwise free to roam
the storerooms. Some of the Fabricants have made these watch-
dogs into pets of a sort.

The Chamber of Initiation: Located below the Great Hall,
the Chamber of Initiation is the location where the Ritual of Sev-
erance is performed. Used for little else, the area generally stands
empty, gathering dust, until needed. This Chamber is the only
room in Dis that is regularly locked. The Navigatus and the Mas-
ter Preceptor both have keys, and the room is opened only for
cleaning before use, and locked again shortly after the ritual.

The chamber is fitted out in marble scavenged from one of
Dis' bathhouses. At the center of the room is a great pool that is
carefully filled before the Ritual of Severance with crysta
plasm from the Tempest above, and just as carefully emptied
and dried afterward. On one side of the arched room are the
Stygian steel doors leading to the rest of Dis, and on the other
side, an identical set leading downward into the Labyrinth.
Monstrously strong, these doors are the only descending portals
from Dis that go unguarded. The key held by the Preceptor and
Navigatus fits both sets of doors.

-clear

When the Chamber is not in use, it is unlit, but while it is in
use, great faceted bowls of cobalt blue al are hung from the
ceiling and filled with plasm, and into these are dropped chunks
of the purest, most perfect soulfire crystals, charged to their maxi-
mum capacity with Pathos. The agitation caused by the boiling of
the plasm causes the crystals to circulate in the bowls, producing
spectacular undersea lightning effects

The Secret History

Until now, this narrative has covered nothing save
what an educated Gaunt might know. Yet there are unan
swered questions. What gives them the Boatmen their
mysterious powers? Why do they continue to ferry souls to
the Far Shores that Stygi rightly abhors? And, of course,
what is the connection between the Ferrymen and the Fer
rymen of Oblivion, the Pasiphae? The answers given here
after are some of the greatest secrets of the Underworld,
known only to the Boatmen and a few others Anubis,
the Lady of Fate and perhaps one or two of the eldest and
most cunning Deathlords. Players who do not wish to spoil
the secrets for themselves should probably stop reading at

this point.

The climax of the Ritual of Severance involves the wraith's
immersion into the plasm by the celebrant, and the re-emergence
of the newly born Ferryman and Pasiphae. By tradition, the First
wait silently around the edges of this pool to witness the act, and
they intervene only to defend themselves. Immediately after the
Pasiphae departs, the newly born Ferryman is wrapped in white
robes and taken to the roof, where the Navigatus ceremonially
bestows upon him his lantern and welcomes him into the broth-
erhood of the Ferrymen.

The Doors Below: All throughout Dis' lower levels lie thick,
rivet-studded doors of Stygian steel. These doors, to which the
Master Archivist holds the keys, lead down into the depths of the
Labyrinth. Perhaps by some cunning artifice of the architect, or
perhaps by the Labyrinth's own twisted geography, these stairs
end in vastly different areas of the Great Maze. It is down these
steps that the First descend into the Labyrinth to gather fodder
for the forges of Dis.

The doors are extremely stout, but are placed under guard
during periods of ill omen. Of the three times doors have been
breached, once was by a Hekatonkhire, once was by an extremely
cunning ruse, and the third was by a pack of specially selected
Shades being driven before a detachment of soldiers from an un-
known general of Oblivion. In none of those cases did the intrud-
ers cross more than a few steps over the threshold. The sorts of
detritus that might come upon a door during the typical Mael-
strom are not sufficient to worry the Ferrymen.

Generally, a single Ferryman and a number of guard-Thralls
man each door, while a number of the First and more Thralls wait
ata central location (usually the Great Hall) to respond to devel-
oping threats. If few Ferrymen are present in Dis, then a single
Thrall is left at each door as a tripwire of sorts, and those Ferry-
men available gather centrally to respond.

The Rituals ot initiation

This section deals with using the Ferrymen in your Wraith:
The Oblivion chronicle. It covers the specific effects of the Ritual
of Initiation and the game mechanics used to represent them.
Also detailed are the specialized Artifacts and Arcanoi used by
the Boatman's Society in the course of their duties. Guidelines
are included on the Society's minimum requirements for entry
into their ranks, the process of initiation and the alterations
undergone by a standard Wraith: The Oblivion character who
joins the ranks of the Ferrymen Also included are rules for cre-
ating Ferryman characters, for those players who don't wish to
play their character for several hundred in-game years before
undergoing initiation.

The Powers of the Ferrymen

Below is a list of the powers of the Ferrymen, as granted to
them by the Ritual of Severance. It includes only the powers in-
herent to the Ferrymen's condition. Obviously, this is not every-
thing. There are also the Artifacts the Boatmen's Society so lav-
ishly equips its members with, the formidable reputation and not
inconsiderable influence of the Ferrymen and the vast and varied
array of Arcanoi available to the Boatmen. These are also part
and parcel of initiation into the Boatmen's Society, but are dealt
with in more detail elsewhere in this chapter.

the Rene

_—

The Ritual of Severance is a powerful rite, one that grants
the subject spiritual powers far beyond those of the normal wraith.
Below is a list of the positive effects of the Ritual.

© No Shadow — While still metaphysically connected, the
Pasiphae do not have anything like the control over the Ferry-
men that the Shadow does over the average wraith. The Pasiphae
does not possess Thorns, or gain temporary or permanent control
of the Ferryman's body through Catharsis. The struggle for con-
trol of a single Corpus is forever over.

© No Angst — While the Pasiphae still gains Angst when-
ever the Ferryman fulfills one of her Pasiphae's Dark Passions,
rolls a 1 on a Shadow die or uses Arcanoi that would cause a
normal wraith to gain Angst, this does not negatively impact the
Ferryman's ability to carry out business as usual.

* Unlimited Shadow Dice — The Ferryman may grant her-
self up to five Shadow dice on any roll.

¢ Strengthened Corpus — The Ferryman's Corpus is
strengthened by the Ritual of Severance, and by the fact that it is
free from the forces of Oblivion-induced decay that plague most
of the Restless. When the Ferryman completes the Ritual of Sev-
erance, she adds five to her Permanent Corpus total (which gen-
erally means the Ferryman has 15, rather than 10, Corpus levels).

© Greater Pathos Reserves — Without the Shadow and its
associated stores of Angst, the Ferryman has more metaphysical
"room" within herself to store Pathos. Ferrymen may store a maxi-
mum of 20 Pathos points, rather than 10.

© Dark Arcanoi — Ferrymen can learn and use Dark
Arcanoi. Over the years, members of the Boatmen's Society have
forced most of the secrets of the Dark Arcanoi out of the Shadow-
eaten. Some Ferrymen learn these arts by capturing and interro-
gating Spectres, while others learn them from their fellow mem-
bers of the Oath-circle. Whichever is the case, Dark Arcanoi are
alien to the Ferrymen's condition and cost current rating x 5 to
advance, rather than current rating x 3.

* The Bridge of Thoughts — A Ferryman who makes eye
contact with another being who has undergone the Ritual of Sev-
erance may speak wordlessly with him with as much understand-
ing as if they were having a spoken conversation, but with no
chance of misstatement or misunderstanding.

* Immunity to Mind Control — Only half of the Ferryman's
soul is present. The rest is elsewhere pursuing its own goals. While
the Ferryman is vulnerable to emotional manipulation through
Arcanoi like Keening, powers that rely on spiritual compulsion or
rewriting the Ferryman's being, like Intimation, Mnemosynis and
Way of the Scholar, automatically fail unless they are used on
both the Pasiphae and the Ferryman simultaneously.

¢ No Harrowings — Ferrymen do not undergo
Harrowings. Unless they are reduced to zero temporary Corpus
entirely by aggravated damage and/or by damage inflicted by
their Pasiphae, the Ferrymen are effectively immortal. When
reduced to zero temporary Corpus through some other method,
Ferrymen dissipate like smoke in a stiff breeze, only to reap-
pear on the steps of the acropolitan Temple of Dis a few tides
of the Sea of Shadows later. Pasiphae similarly dissipated ap-
pear on the porticos of the Neverborns' temple in the Well of
the Void. When a Pasiphae or Ferryman is reduced to zero tem-
porary Corpus from entirely aggravated sources, or by damage
inflicted by his other half, both are immediately destroyed. The

The history of the Ferrymen 9


Ferryman Transcends, and the Pasiphae likewise instantly falls
into Oblivion.

* Spontaneous Pathos — Whenever the Pasiphae performs
an act that would cause its Psyche to gain Composure if it were a
normal Spectre, the Ferryman instead gains points of Pathos equal
to the amount of Composure the Pasiphae would have gained.
The ways a Pasiphae can cause its Ferryman to temporarily gain
Pathos include, but are not limited to, fulfilling one of the
Ferryman's Passions, rolling a 1 on a Psyche die, or using an
Arcanos like Larceny that would normally cause the Pasiphae to
gain Composure.

A Ferryman cannot go over her normal maximum Pathos by
this method — the additional points are lost — but the Ferryman.
suffers no harm if she cannot accept the Pathos. This is normally
represented abstractly by the Activity Background (see page XX),
however, if the Pasiphae is present and active in the story, its ac-
tivities and rolls may directly benefit its Ferryman.

qhe Drawbacks

Unfortuantely, nothing is without its drawbacks. While
the Ritual of Severance is a great boon to the Boatmen, it also
has negative effects as well. Most of these are relatively minor,
though some (such as the inability to cross the Shroud) are
fairly significant.

* Unpleasant Appearance — For unknown reasons, the
Ritual of Severance forever alters the Ferryman's "natural" ap-
pearance, leaving him looking drawn and leathery. Most Ferry-
men believe this is a side effect of the drawing out of the Shadow,
but there is no way to say for certain. The ultimate effect is that
when wearing his natural appearance (which almost every Fer-
ryman does), the Ferryman's Appearance Attribute is reduced
by one dot.

* Feeding the Pasiphae — Just as the actions of Pasiphae
benefit the Ferryman, so do the actions of the Ferryman benefit
the Pasiphae. Any time the Ferryman would gain Angst, her
Pasiphae gains an equal amount of Angst instead, exactly as if
the roles had been reversed and the Pasiphae had done some-
thing to cause it to gain Composure. Exactly how much Angst a
Pasiphae can store is a matter of much conjecture among the
Ferrymen. The only certain answer is "at least as much as the
Ferryman once was able to."

© The Black Mirror — The Pasiphae starts with the same
set of Attributes, Abilities and Arcanoi as the Ferryman. It is her
dark mirror. While they will obviously now walk separate paths,
the Pasiphae and its Ferryman lead disturbingly parallel lives. As
a Ferryman grows in power, so, inevitably, does his Pasiphae fol-
low suit. And, yes, the Pasiphae has at his beck and call an unlim-
ited number of Psyche dice.

© The Nemesis Effect — Ferrymen and their Pasiphae are
inextricably linked. They share Passions and Dark Passions, and
their Fates are as if they were one being. Similarly, Ferrymen seem
preternaturally prone to conflict with their Pasiphae. Ferrymen,
especially younger Ferrymen, often find themselves at loggerheads
with their dark counterparts. No matter how powerful the Ferry-
man may be, there is one opponent he must confront with a bet-
ter strategy than yelling, "I waste him with my scythe!"

* Cannot Cross the Shroud — The Ferrymen's incomplete
condition and the effects of the Ritual of Severance make it far
more difficult for them to interact with the world of the Quick.
While they can use the Arcanoi Keening, Outrage and Pandemo-

98 Ends of Empire

nium across the Shroud with only +1 difficulty, Ferrymen are un-
able to cross the Shroud enough use the Puppetry, Embody or
Corruption Arcanoi. Also, the incomplete condition of their souls
makes Rising impossible for the Ferrymen

Minimum Requirements

There are certain irreducible minimums for membership in
the Boatmen's Society. Keep in mind that these are the barest
possible entry requirements. In reality, the average entrant is con-
siderably beyond these minimal standards. Also keep in mind ex-
actly how exclusive the Ferrymen are. There are perhaps a thou-
sand Boatmen in the Underworld today, many of whom have been
members of the Society for over a millennia. Of many highly quali-
fied, eligible wraiths, only a tiny fraction are ever considered for
membership, and most of those are passed over as unsuitable.

* Good Fate — Only those who really stand out to the seers
of the Boatmen's Society are even considered for membership.
The Ferrymen want not only destinies brimming over with good
fortune, but also those laden down with genuine good. They've
seen the best and, frankly, most of the Underworld doesn't mea-
sure up. Out of all the dead in the Dark Kingdom of Iron, the
Society accepts perhaps one new member per decade, (on aver-
age). There just isn't room for uncertain heroes, obsessed crusad-
ers or well-meaning bumblers within the ranks of the Ferrymen.
Such souls are left to their own devices.

* Good Behavior and Reputation — The Ferrymen evalu-
ate each potential recruit closely before even considering her
for membership. Wraiths under consideration for membership
in the Boatmen's Society must impress the Ferryman who comes
to evaluate them as a potential recruit. Typically, this is one of
the First, though it is not unknown for a younger Ferryman to
perform this task.

The initial evaluation is far more than a test of the wraith's
people skills, though given the job description those are obvi-
ously important. It is also an evaluation of competence and atti-
tude. As the Navigator says, "We can teach them how to talk to
people, but we can't teach them how to be a person." This is not
a two-hour job interview; typically the Ferryman maintains ir-
regular contact with the subject for several years, occasionally sev-
eral decades, before making a decision. Though the subject typi-
cally never knows it, the Ferryman's inquiry is far deeper than
friendly conversation. Most also use Castigate and Mnemosynis
in the process of their inquiries, both on the potential recruit and
on those acquainted with her. The interviewing of those the wraith
comes into contact with is done always done in strictest secrecy,
with the Ferryman Moliated into a totally different persona. These
background checks are disturbingly thorough: the founders of the
Magisterium Veritatis were originally Ferrymen, and the Magistracy's
tactics have changed little over the centuries.

Also, prospective Ferrymen should be well-connected. The
budding Ferryman must typically have at least four dots of Status
in any combination of organizations.

© Fetters — Last but by no means least, all Ferrymen must
be Gaunts. That is, all potential Ferrymen must have resolved at
least one Fetter. In part, this allows the Ferryman to travel freely
in both the Shadowlands and the Tempest. More importantly, it
indicates the Ferryman has the level of self-composure necessary
to begin the road upward and outward. This is the one truly in-
flexible requirement of the Ferrymen: proof positive that the Fer-
tyman is already on the road to Transcendence. It is positively


required that, before he attempts to help others along the treach-
erous road to the next level of existence, the Ferryman must have
gone at least partway down it himself

© Knowledge — Prospective members of the Boatmen's So-
ciety must all know at least 20 dots of Arcanoi, including a mini-
mum Castigate of 5, and a minimum combined score of at least 5
in Lifeweb and Fatalism. Obviously, this is a minimum. The more
Arcanoi the prospective Ferryman knows, the better.

Making the Transition

The process of becoming a Ferryman is fairly arduous, and much
of it works best if set in the downtime between two chronicles.
Also, Ferrymen are entirely out of balance with standard Wraith:
The Oblivion characters. Characters who become Ferrymen are
probably best run by the Storyteller. On the other hand, playing
out the process of becoming a Ferryman as a solo adventure might
make a nice way for the a player to say good-bye toa much-beloved
character if the Storyteller and player are willing to devote the
amount of effort to it that doing it properly demands

First, the Ferrymen evaluate the character. As outlined above,
this is an extremely thorough process, often stretching for decades
(or at least, many game sessions). The character may be puz
the fact that a Ferryman, and an old one, is taking an interest in
her. It's quite unlikely that the character will ever know just how

led at

close the Ferryman's scrutiny is. Despite the Ferrymen's public ad
herence toa highly stereotypical appearance, they're just as capable
of deceit as any other wraith. Perhaps moreso — after all, they have
much freer access to their Arcanoi than the average Restless, and
how many would suspect a Ferryman of this sort of ploy?

If the character proves suitable (and she may not), she will
eventually be presented with the accouterments of the Ferryman's
craft and granted the knowledge that, if she wishes, the office is
open to her. This presentation generally happens at a moment of
decision in the wraith's existence, when her future is determined
by the choices she is about to make, rather than by the choices
she has made. There is no penalty for declining the opportunity,
save that the character will never be asked again, nor is there a
problem with using the items until the need has passed and then
setting them adrift once again. But if the character chooses to
accept the office of Ferryman, then she has inexorably set herself
on the road to initiation and the Ritual of Severance.

After the character attempts to perform the office of Ferry-
man for a short while, she is contacted by a member of the
Boatmen's Society — usually her patron among the First — who
takes her to Dis for the second initiation. Historically, the periods
between initiations were times of evaluation and testing for hope-
fuls. In the present day, however, no Ferryman is presented with

the regalia until it is certain that she will make an adequate ini

tiate. The time between the acceptance of the regalia and the
performance of the Ritual of Severance is only as long as is needed
to teach the aspirant Ferryman the lore of her new station. This is
what the provision of the full set of regalia during the first initia-
tion symbolizes — that the wraith is already fit for her office. All
that comes after is simply so much formality.

After a year or 10 in Dis under the tutelage of the Master
Preceptor and his various appointees, the Ferryman is put through
the Ritual of Severance and decides her fate. Those who survive
are Ferrymen, with all the powers described above. They are taught
the alloyed Arcanoi, and the secrets of the Mourners and the
Pasiphae. And then, after a small ceremony, they depart. S

ome

The history of the Ferrymen 99


return regularly to Dis to study and socialize with their only real
peers. Others leave Dis and are never seen again, spending their
whole careers operating alone.

Creating a Ferryman Character

Ferrymen are powerful characters. There is absolutely no rea-
son that you as a Storyteller should ever let a player portray one in
anormal Wraith: The Oblivion game. However, for solo play,
they are interesting and playable characters, and it is not incon-
ceivable that a group of Ferrymen might band together to accom-
plish some great task. After all, someone had to lay the rails the
Midnight Express follows through the Tempest.

Ferryman character generation is just like the normal char-
acter generation process of Wraith: the Oblivion, except that the
numbers are larger and there are certain minimum requirements
that the wraith must satisfy. Just as normal, Abilities and Arcanoi
cannot be raised above 3 without the use of freebie points.

Ferrymen must have a minimum score of 4 in Melee, Aware-
ness and Empathy. Ferrymen must have a score of 5 in Castigate,
and a total of 5 or more in the sum of their Fatalism and Lifeweb
scores. Ferrymen must have a Willpower of at least 8, and must
have a minimum total of 4 dots of Hierarchy, Guild, Heretic or
Renegade Status. Some or all of these will require the expendi-
ture of freebie points.

ferryman Character Generation
Attributes and Abilities

Attributes: Ferryman have nine points to distribute to their
Primary Attributes, seven points to distribute to their Secondary
Attributes, and five points to distribute among their Tertiary At-
tributes. Just as normal, Ferrymen get one free dot in every Attribute.

Abilities: Ferrymen have 20 points to distribute among their
primary Abilities, 15 points to distribute among their Secondary
Abilities, and 10 points to distribute among their Tertiary Abili-
ties. Remember that freebie points must be spent to raise an Abil-
ity above 3 during character generation.

Advantages

Backgrounds: Ferrymen have 12 points to distribute among
the normal Backgrounds. Ferrymen also have two new Back-
grounds available to them. Activity is an abstract representation
of the degree to which the Pasiphae perform actions that cause
the Ferryman to gain Pathos. Ferrymen Artifacts is a more potent
version of the normal Artifacts Background that represents the
Ferryman's access to the Boatmen's Society storehouses on Dis.

Arcanoi: Ferrymen have 25 points of Arcanoi. Arcanoi can-
not be increased above 3 without the use of freebie points. Ad-
ditional arts, Dark Arcanoi or the Arcanoi of other Dark King-
doms are all available to Ferrymen, but must be bought entirely
with freebie points.

Passions: Ferrymen have eight points of Passions, at least
one of which must be rated 4 or higher. Freebie points cannot be
used to raise the sum of the Ferryman's Passions above 20.

Fetters: Ferrymen have five points of Fetters, and are au-
tomatically assumed to have resolved at least one Fetter, al-
lowing them to forever more travel freely between the Tem-
pest and the Shadowlands.

100 Ends of Empire
Bas y . wey — WS
y We a SN TTT

Freebie Points: Ferrymen have 30 freebie points to distrib-
ute as they wish.

Pasiphae: Ferrymen's Pasiphae have 12 points of Dark Pas-
sions, seven points in Dark Arcanoi and no freebie points.

New Backerounds
Activity

This Background represents the Pasiphae's attitudes with regard
to actions that grant the Ferryman Pathos. Those Ferrymen with a
high Activity Background tend to gain large amounts of Pathos from
their other halves, while those with a low Activity background have
Pasiphae who are very careful not to feed their counterparts.

Secretly, before the beginning of each session, the Storyteller
should roll a number of dice equal to the Ferryman's Activity rat-
ing (difficulty 6). The number of successes is the number of points
of Pathos the Ferryman gains each in-game day during the ses-
sion. The Storyteller should release the points at his discretion,
possibly using them to advance the plot or simply awarding them
at random intervals.

If the Pasiphae is actually present and "on camera" in the
story, obviously these rules no longer apply, and the Ferryman
gains Pathos as the Pasiphae's actions merit, and vice versa. How-
ever, when portraying the Pasiphae's style of operations, the Sto-
ryteller should keep in mind the Activity ratings. Pasiphae with
high Activity ratings tend to make profligate use of Arcanoi, take
a large number of Psyche dice and otherwise perform actions that
add to their Composure.

Ferryman Artifacts

Ferryman Artifacts represent the Ferryman's relationship with
the Fabricants and her willingness to explore the storehouses of
Dis in search of useful odds and ends. All Ferrymen automatically
receive their scythes, robes, lanterns and boats for free. Any rat-
ing in this Background represents additional Artifacts that the
Ferryman has either persuaded a Fabricant to manufacture or found
in the storerooms of Dis and taken as her own. Each point in
Ferryman Artifacts gives a Ferryman character three points of the
Artifacts Background which can be used to choose Artifacts, or
one Storyteller-chosen Artifact of a randomly determined level
between | and 5. The Fabricants' knack for experimentation means
that all sorts of interesting things can be found or created.

New Knowledges
Tempest Lore

The Knowledge reflects the Ferryman's knowledge of the
Sea of Shadows. Wraiths with a high Tempest Lore are knowl-
edgeable about the locations of Byways, the routes to the Far
Shores and other features of the Tempest. They know where
bands of Spectres are likely to hide in ambush, and hidden loca-
tions like the gathering places of the Harbingers, the land of
Amenti and the special zones in the Tempest where Active
Plasms can be gathered.

© Student: You've traveled the major Byways and know the
major ports.

© © College: You can act as a guide at long as it's nowhere obscure.

Masters: You've cut out across the Great Unknown more
than.a few times on dead reckoning, and haven't gotten jumped
(at least, not fatally so).

Doctorate: You know the Tempest fairly well. From
the Shadowlands to the Far Shores, you've seen it all and gotten

new scars there.
°

¢ Scholar: Ferryman of more than a century's experience.
Possessed By: Ferrymen, Harbingers, Stygian Legates, Old Haints
Specialties: Spectral haunts, Out-of-the-way islets, Good

places to gather Active Plasms, the Far Shores, Major Byways.

Dis Lore

Dis Lore represents the Ferryman's knowledge of the ins
and outs of Dis and its surroundings. Dis is huge, an entire city
built underground. With so much of the city forgotten or aban-
doned, those Restless;who dont lniow where they're going can
end up hopelessly lost for days, and that's if they're lucky. Worse

still is actually trying to find something in the lower levels of

the city, where pools of standing plasm have built up over the
years from tiny leaks and specially trained vulpines hunt Plasmics
in the darkness.

© Student: You still remember what they taught you in train-
ing pretty well: always go upward and check the dust for tracks.

© College: You've spent more than a few years roaming Dis,
and you're pretty familiar with the ins and outs of the city. You get
where you're going with no more than occasional delays.

eee Masters: You're quite familiar with the city, and help
other, younger or more independent Ferrymen find their way.
Doctorate: You can actually find things in the storerooms.

. © Scholar: The city is your existence, and you are its soul.

Possessed By: Older Ferrymen, Hunting Vulpines, Sneaky Pasiphae
Specialties: The storerooms, Abandoned regions, Hunting
for tasty snacks, The maze.

The Arts of the Ferrymen

The Arcanoi of the Ferrymen are many and diverse, as
befits their ancient age and great experience. Many of the
secrets of the Guilds have made their way into the lore of the
Boatman's Society over the years. Some of these secrets came
from Ferrymen working to emulate arts they had seen in use,
while others were given to individual Ferrymen as payment
for services rendered or shared by Guildwraiths who joined
the Society

Also, there were a number of Ferrymen who devoted
themselves entirely to researching the Arts of the Dead. These
inquiries came to an abrupt end with the tragedy that resulted
in the creation of the Mourners. Though this formal inquiry
has ended, the results of the College of Inquiry's early work
have survived in the form of tempered Arcanoi passed down
through the ranks of the Boatmen's Society. Over the centu-
ries, these arts have been refined and added to by various in-
dividual Ferrymen. The Ferrymen's access to most of the Guild

arts and the Dark Arcanoi, their own unique mastery of the
alloyed Arcanoi and the innate abilities granted to them by
their condition makes them some of the most powerful be-
ings in the Underworld.

The Price of Knowledge

Alloyed arts are more difficult to learn than normal

Arcanos arts. Alloyed arts use the same chart as normal alter
nate arts (see the Alternate Arts table on page 133 of Wraith:
The Oblivion, 2nd Edition). Look up the cost of an alter
nate art for the highest sir
art, plus one. Alloyed
than two Arcanoi

level of Arcanos used by the
arts, as a rule, cannot combine more
For example: Messenger of Light requires Fatalism 3 and
Pandemonium 4. It thus costs 10 experience to learn: nine
for the Pandemonium 4 and one for the fact that it's an al
loyed art. Needless to say, the Ferryman must have achieved
suitable levels of expertise in all Arcanoi involved in the al-
loyed art before she can learn it

To date, only Ferrymen have learned the secrets of these
arts. Should an outsider discover or learn any of the powers
listed below, Angst that would normally be ascribed to a
(es to the character's Shadow.

Ferryman's Pasiphae instead

The Arts of Travel
The Bridge of Thoughts

Lifeweb 3, Fatalism 3

The Ritual of Severance provides a level of kinship that
allows the Ferrymen to communicate with one another through
»ye contact as if they were speaking. The Boatmen call this the
Bridge of Thoughts. Through the use of this art, the Ferryman
may extend this awareness beyond line of sight, sensing the pres-
ence of other Ferrymen nearby and, if both parties so desire,
opening communications. Also, the Bridge of Thoughts oper-
ates on a metaphysical "frequency" close to that of the Hive-
Mind of the Shadow-eaten — a two-edged sword. While this art
allows the Ferryman to detect the pr

esence of Spectres nearby,
it also allows the Shadow-eaten to detect Ferrymen who are ac-

tively communicating using the Bridge of Thoughts. Also, this
overlap causes a great deal of interference with the Ferrymen's
communications during Maelstroms or when the Boatmen de-
scend into the Labyrinth. It is believed that the Pasiphae can
listen in on these conversations, and so the Ferrymen are loath
to use the Bridge for important communications, save in situa-
tions of extreme urgency.

System: The player spends one Pathos to active Bridge of
Thoughts fora scene. Normally, communication is automatic. How-
ever, Ferrymen in a Hive-Mind-tich environment must make a
Manipulation + Lifeweb roll for each message, with a difficulty of
either (4 + the Maelstrom level) or 8 (if in the Labyrinth). One
success results in a highly garbled message, three successes indicate

aclear transmission, and five successes allows the Ferryman to com-
municate across the Bridge without rolls for the rest of the scene.

To detect Spectres requires a roll of Perception + Fatalism
(difficulty 9 minus the Spectre's score in the Dark Arcanos Hive-
Mind). One success detects animalistic Spectres like Shades, who
constantly radiate their thoughts to the Hive-Mind. Three suc-
cesses permits the Ferryman to spot the average deep-infiltration
Doppelganger, while five successes allows even the most cunning
Spectre's location to be pinpointed.

The History of the Ferrymen 101


Guardian s filament

Fatalism 3, Lifeweb 3

This art allows a Ferryman to put a "tag" on someone who
she feels needs looking after. The art is generally but not always
their passenger or passengers. The Filament has two uses. First, it
warns the Ferryman if the charge is in imminent danger. Sec-
ondly, it allows the Ferryman to view the subject, though it does
not allow communication.

System: The player spends one Pathos to establish the Fila-
ment. An additional point of Pathos must be spent every day to
maintain it, just as if it were an artificial Fetter. When the subject
is in imminent danger, the player must succeed in a Perception +
Fatalism roll (difficulty 6) to notice. To view the subject, the player
spends a point of Pathos and makes a Perception + Lifeweb check
(difficulty 7). One success allows the subject's direction to be di-
vined, and perhaps a hazy image or two appears as well, Three
su s allows the Ferryman to determine the target's distance
and direction, and receive blurry and somewhat disjointed im-
ages of his situation. Five or more successes allows the Ferryman
to pinpoint the target's exact location, even if he moves, and re-
ceive crystal-clear images of what is happening around him for
the rest of the scene.

Long Leap

Argos 5, Fatalism 3

The Long Leap is the ultimate refinement of the Harbinger's
art — the ability to use the strange involutions of the Underworld's
metaphysics to make a journey of any distance practically instan-
taneous to an external observer. The Ferryman disappears in a
flat black flicker, only to flicker into existence again somewhere
else. The process, which is similar in many ways to the journey to
a Harrowing, seems to take a considerably longer time from the
inside. Also, like a Harrowing, the trip is strictly single passenger.
While the Ferryman and her goods, even her boat, can slip effort-
less through the flicker of Nihil, no passengers, not even Plasmics,
can accompany her on the trip. When the Ferrymen make the
Long Leap, they make it alone.

System: The player spends four Pathos and one temporary
Willpower point, sends one point of Angst to her character's
Pasiphae, and spends three turns prepairing herself. She then
makes an Intelligence + Argos roll (difficulty 8). Only one suc-
cess is required for the Long Leap to take place. Those at the
Ferryman's destination must succeed in a Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 8) or be surprised for a turn when she emerges.
The fates of those who botch their roll are dark and little spo-
ken of. Some travelers arrive incurably insane, apparently vic-
tims of trips with infinite subjective duration. Others are never
seen again, and can only be presumed to become lost forever in
the interstices of the Underworld.

Serendipitous Passage

Argos 3, Fatalism 4

This art is of inobvious effect, allowing a Ferryman to cast
himself adrift on the sea of Fate as well as the Sea of Shadows.
Most Ferrymen use this to travel to where they are most needed,
or to pilot their passengers to destinations that will help the pas-
sengers to come to terms with their condition. Most Ferrymen
have a profound and unblinking faith in this art, and it has cer-

102 Ends of Empire

é
B


tainly contributed a great deal to their mystique. There are a few
Boatmen who worry that this makes them little more than tools
of the Lady of Fate, but most Ferrymen see the Lady herself as
little more than a tool in the greater web of Fate. In the end,
however, the art's utility cannot be debated.

System: This Art has no system. To activate it, the Ferry-
man simply spends two Pathos, states a general goal and lets her-
self become a passive instrument of Fate. She arrives at the place
most appropriate to her goal when the time is right. Though the
destination may seem quite strange, there have been no reports of
Ferrymen who arrived somewhere that was seemingly irrelevant
to their ultimate goals. Then again, they may have turned up in
just the right place after all.

Shadow Fetter

Lifeweb 4

Shadow Fetter is a specific adaptation of Splice Strand
(Lifeweb ¢¢¢) to meet the needs of the Ferrymen, who must
often shepherd souls who have lost their Fetters. After entering
the Shadowlands, the Ferryman can generate an anchor that
allows the target to exist outside the Tempest, so long as the
Ferryman continues to feed the Shadow Fetter Pathos. This is

not an actual Fetter, and cannot be torn away — it is merely a
metaphysical anchoring that allows the target to exist at the
Shadowlands' higher order of stability. While using this art is
not much more effective than Splice Strand, it frees the Ferry-
man from worries of having a subject fall into a Harrowing from
the loss of a temporary Fetter, either through its destruction in
the Skinlands or the actions of a malicious Monitor.

System: The player spends one Pathos and makes a Cha-
risma + Lifeweb roll (difficulty equal to the local Shroud rating)
Each success allows the Shadow Fetter to persist for five hours
before it must be renewed

A wraith attached to a Shadow Fetter who is Harrowed re-
turns afterward to the Shadowlands equivalent of the site of his
death. That is, of course, assuming he returns at all

Spirit Triage

Usury 2, Castigate 3

This art is used by Ferrymen who are carrying wraiths dan-
gerously close to Catharsis or to becoming Shadow-eaten. By
means of simple conversation and an expenditure of Pathos, the
Ferryman strengtheris the victim against the urges of his Shadow.
While doing so does not actually lower the victim's permanent
or temporary Angst, it does benefit him in the struggle for con-
trol. As such, Ferrymen favor it for use in conjunction with De-
fiance, or to stabilize a wraith whose Shadow is beyond the

Boatman's ability to control as the Ferryman hurries him to one
of the Far Shores.

System: The player spends one Pathos and one Willpower
and makes a Manipulation + Usury Roll, with a difficulty equal
to the subject's permanent Angst rating. For each success, the
Psyche's difficulty is lowered by one for the wraiths' next Ca-
tharsis roll. If the subject is at 9 permanent Angst, the Spirit
Triage instead makes the wraith Slumber for one hour per suc-

cess on the roll, hopefully preventing him from acquiring any
more Angst of any sort

Using this art gives the Ferryman's Pasiphae two points of
temporary Angst.

qhe Last Experiment and the Mourners

The Plasmic entities known as the Mourners were born
from the worst and last disaster to befall the Society's College
of Inquiry. Shortly after the Deathlords' Fetters were found to
have been destroyed, the Society resolved to take measures to
protect itself against a similar attack. It was agreed to remove
the remaining Fetters of the Ferrymen to storage in Dis, where
they could be more easily protected. As a preliminary step to-
ward implementing this program, five of the College's seven
members attempted via a combination of Usury and Embody
to draw one of their Fetters through the Shroud.

While the members of the College believed that com-
ing into contact with one's own Fetters might be extremely
harmful, none of them expected the unmitigated disaster
that resulted. As the Fetter crossed the Shroud, the process
of transformation began. By the end of the change, four of
the five Ferrymen present had been transformed into Mourn
ers, either by attempting to assist the first victim, or by try-
ing to contact the victims over the Bridge of Thoughts.

The resultant beings were not given their name by the
Boatmen's Society (who were too aghast to call them anything),
but rather by the witnesses to their later, seemingly random at
tacks on others. As their last act before disbanding, the College
of Inquiry worked out a method akin to Puppetry by which the
Mourners could be controlled and contained. Then, their spirits
broken, the survivors returned to their existence as Ferrymen.

Since that time, the Mourners have wandered the Under-
world, dragging away their chosen victims to the Sea of Shad-
ows. The exact nature of the Mourners' condition is mystery,
even to the survivors of the College. The consensus of the Ferry-
men willing to speculate about their former fellows is that under
normal circumstances, a Fetter will refuse to cross the Shroud
However, the Ferryman's divided condition due to the Rite of
Severance resulted in a different (and far less pleasant) outcome

Only the Ferryman's shell remains, eager to be "fulfilled"
through Transcendence or Oblivion but incapable of compre-
hending this need. Left with only a guttering spark of sentience,
the Mourners seek to fill their emptiness with anything they
come into contact with less empty than themselves. This, theo
tize the Ferrymen, is why they inevitably return for those who
interfere with their processions. Having come in contact with
something more substantial than themselves, the Ferrymen can
only numbly seek it out and devour it

As for the highly contagious nature of the Mourning con-
dition, little is known, other than that the victims of the
Mourners themselves inevitably become members of the pro:
cession. The general belief is that the Mourners devour the
essence of their victims in a quest to quench their own inner
void, and somehow make the victim empty like themselves,
without every actually fulfilling their own need.

Why the condition is communicable over the Bridge of
Thoughts without special protection, yet has no effect on
Spectres using Hive-Mind, is a mystery. Similarly, no expla
nation has ever been found for why Mourners remain chained
to the eldest Mourner in their procession. Like so much else
in the Underworld, the Mourners are a mystery to which only
a few clues are known, whose very nature prevents the sort of
close study that would explain more.

The history of the Ferrymen 103


The Arts of War
Beckon Tools

Argos 5, Lifeweb 5

The Ferrymen are said to develop such a mystic connection
to their tools that they will come to the Boatman's hand when
called. In reality, this effect is caused by an alloyed Arcanos with
much broader applications than calling a reed boat. In fact, the
Ferryman can call any object he has ever touched to himself. The
Ferrymen, however, are very careful not to reveal the full extent
of the art unless absolutely necessary. Asa result, the Underworld
is almost totally ignorant of just how flexible this power truly is.

System: The Ferryman must touch the object. The player
spends three Pathos and a temporary Willpower and rolls Dex-
terity + Lifeweb (difficulty 7). In order to mark an object, the
Ferryman must achieve a number of successes determined by
the size of the object. One success allows small objects like rings,
masks and lanterns, three successes allows the marking of me-
dium-sized objects like scythes and robes, and five successes marks
even large objects like boats and rafts to be marked. There is a
brief flash as the mark is placed on the object, most Ferrymen
take pains to conceal it.

To call the object to him, the Ferryman must spend two Pa-
thos and roll a Manipulation + Argos (difficulty 6). Each success
determines how far the object can be called from. One success
calls the object from a few miles away, three successes calls the
object from anywhere in the same Dark Kingdom, and five or
more successes calls the object from anywhere, even the Laby-
rinth or the Shadowlands. Normally, the object appears in the
Ferryman's hand, while larger objects appear just out of sight or
drift into view on the Tempest a few seconds after the call is given.

The mark on an object never wears off, nor is it visible, though
Monitors using Sense Strand can detect it (difficulty 9). The Fer-
tyman who made the mark can voluntarily "erase" it. Only ob-
jects and not individuals can be marked with this power.

Using this art gives the Ferryman's Pasiphae two points of
temporary Angst.

Burning Aegis

Castigate 4, Pandemonium 3

Through the use of this art, the Ferryman pours Pathos into
the Wylding, causing the air (for lack of a better term) around her
to are and crackle with Wyldfire. While this display is expensive,
it is also extremely inhospitable for Spectres, and makes the Fer-
ryman virtually unassailable by the Shadow-eaten. Burning Ae-
gis also serves as a useful if somewhat costly beacon, because the
brilliant multicolored flash is both unmistakable and blinding-
bright over even the vast distances of the Tempest.

System: It costs five Pathos and a point of temporary Will-
power to activate Burning Aegis for a scene. The player then rolls
Charisma + Castigate (difficulty 8). The number of successes is
the number of levels of aggravated damage that every Spectre
within the Aegis takes each round. The edge of the Aegis usually
extends from between three to five yards from the Ferryman, with
the exact distance fluctuating constantly. Spectres making ranged
attacks into the protected area take a penalty to the difficulty of
their attacks equal to the number of successes the player rolls.
Additionally, the forces of pure Oblivion cannot be made mani-

104 Ends of Empire

fest inside the Aegis. While it might not stop an attack from a
Malfean, the Aegis prevents Maelstrom damage and negates
Oblivion-based attacks such as Miasmal Breath and Obliviate.

Witnesses of its effects note that the Aegis is clearly an active
force — it can and does decrease in intensity in one area in order
to actively lash out at Shadow-eaten hovering near another, Non-
Spectral opponents are not affected by the power of the Burning
Aegis, though Pasiphae are.

Using this art gives the Ferryman's Pasiphae three points of
temporary Angst.

qhe Shear of Fate

Fatalism 5, Usury 3

Taught to the Ferrymen by the Lady of Fate, the Shear of
Fate is a deadly power used by the Boatmen to destroy those who
hinder them excessively. The Boatmen are reluctant to use this
power, not only because it feeds Oblivion, but because of the hu-
bris of cutting an individual's strand short in the web of Fate. This
means that only those who actively hinder the Society in its task
merit the use of this dreaded art. Also, like most weapons of ter-
tor, the less the Shear is used the better. The reputation of the
Ferrymen's ability — that their curses are strong enough to make
the Mourners come for you — is far more effective at deterring
officious Hierarchy functionaries than the actual application.

System: The Ferryman must make eye contact with the tar-
get, single him out, and utter a clearly audible curse. The player
spends three Pathos and a permanent Willpower point, and sends
five temporary Angst to the Pasiphae. The player then makes a
Manipulation + Fatalism roll (difficulty 8). Even a single suc-
cess indicates that, unless for some reason the target is shielded
by Fate, her destruction due to catastrophic bad luck is assured.
The number of successes rolled simply determines the speed at
which the creeping doom arrives. A single success means that
the bell tolls for the target in a week or so. Three successes snuffs
the target out within a day, and five or more successes indicates
that a Nihil has opened under her feet and cast her into the
Well of the Void.

Concussive Shout

Keening 4, Outrage 3

This art is a melding of the forces behind Outrage and Keen-
ing, harnessed for battle. More powerful than Stonehand Punch
and more precise than Crescendo, Concussive Shock allows the
Ferryman to vocalize a single emotion with such strength that it
does aggravated damage.

System: The player spends three Pathos and sends two tem-
porary Angst to the Pasiphae, then rolls Strength + Keening (dif-
ficulty 8). Each success is a level of aggravated damage that the
those within a 30-degree cone of the Ferryman's mouth (friend
and foe alike) take. The cone reaches out a distance of 10 yards,
and can also do considerable structural damage to inanimate ob-
jects as well as to the Restless. At close range this art can damage
even Stygian steel.

See With Blind Eyes

Lifeweb 3, Puppetry 5

This art, the last developed by the College of Inquiry be-
fore its dissolution, allows the Ferrymen to control the Mourn-
ers and use them for their own ends. The Ferryman summoning

the Mourners effectively Skinrides the leader of the procession,
controlling the Mourner's movements but speaking with the
Ferryman's own voice. Treat this exactly as if it were normal
Puppetry. Occasionally the Mourners are summoned for com-
bat, but generally they are used to eliminate the enemies of the
Boatmen's Society. The Ferrymen are very careful to use the
Mourners in an inobvious fashion: The connection between the
Mourners and the Ferrymen is obvious enough if looked at closely.
Disturbingly, many Mourner attacks have nothing to do with
the Boatmen's Society. Some Ferrymen believe that the Mourn-
ers roam randomly, but others suspect that the Pasiphae have
learned to See With Blind Eyes as well — a disturbing thought,
given that the Boatmen's Society has assiduously avoided men-
tion of their power over the Mourners. Perhaps the Pasiphae
have worked out the riddle of the Mourners on their own, or
perhaps they have a greater command of the Bridge of Thoughts
than the Ferrymen have hitherto suspected. j

System: Use of See with Blind Eyes costs one Pathos and
one Willpower, and causes the user's Pasiphae to gain three tem-
porary Angst, plus any gained from Dark Passions fulfilled when
the victim is dragged screaming into the Tempest to begin his
new career. It is not possible for those who have not undergone
the Ritual of Severance to use this art, as it presumes the user has
aconnection to the Bridge of Thoughts. The player makes a Cha-
risma + Lifeweb roll (difficulty 9) to control the lead Mourner of
the nearest procession for the scene, which appears in from the
Tempest within 10 minutes. A botch while attempting to use this
art is much dreaded, for it means the Ferryman has contracted
Mournerism. Ferrymen who use this art generally stand far away
from friends and loved ones while it is in operation.

Messenger of Light

Fatalism 3, Pandemonium 4

This unusual art was developed in response to the vulner-
ability of the Bridge of Thoughts to eavesdropping, at the very
least by the Pasiphae, and possibly by other Spectres as well. Rather
than use Tempestweaving, which would feed the Pasiphae and
could be somehow vulnerable to Spectral interference, the Col-
lege decided instead to use this unwieldy combination of arts to
achieve a similar effect.

To use Messenger of Light, the Ferryman reaches into the
Tempest and pulls forth a brilliant golden bird, At first glance or
from a distance, the bird resembles a dove, though looking too
closely destroys the illusion and makes it seem to be more a mis-
matched collection of random memories sheathed in a soft light.
The Ferryman whispers his message to the dove and releases it. It
wings its way across the Underworld to the intended recipient of
the message, settles on her shoulder and repeats the message in
the Ferryman's own voice.

System: The Ferryman's player pays four Pathos, and the
Storyteller rolls the player's Wits + Pandemonium (difficulty
8). The number of successes determines how likely the dove
is to arrive safely and how long the passage will take to ar-
rive. One success means the dove will arrive in a day or two.
Three successes makes it so that the golden dove will prob-
ably get through to its destination within the day, barring
Maelstrom conditions. Five or more successes, and the dove
is so fast and sure that it acts as if the Ferryman whispered it
in the recipient's ear. A botch indicates that the message is
lost, and-possibly intercepted...

The Artifacts used by the Ferrymen are constructed by the
Master Fabricant and the half-dozen or so who assist her at the
forge and loom. However, the workshops of Dis are open to all
Ferrymen with interest. Most of the Boatmen eventually learn
the arts of soulforging and constructive Moliation, though few
of them become members of the tight circle of the Fabricants.
With their millennia-old in-jokes and merciless perfectionism,
the Fabricants are the tightest of the subcultures within the
Boatmen's Society.

Since the destruction of Daedalus, there has been a definite
change of emphasis among the Fabricants. While Daedalus was a
genius at rings, torcs, wall flies and other such tiny and cunning
contrivances, Aretas' brilliance lies in working with unusual ma-
terials. Driven by her reluctance to work with any sort of formerly
human material, even Nephwracks, Aretas has become a master >
of working with Plasmics, producing one-off Artifacts from the >
Whistimmu she and her fellows capture from the Sea of Shadows
or out of the Labyrinth. She has passed this skill along to those
who work with her, most of whom share at one level or another
her reluctance to forge those who might otherwise be Redeemed.
Asa result, the output of the forges of the Boatmen's Society has
being much more unearthly over the last few centuries, and much
more dominated by singular items.

The Basics

These tools are manufactured by the Master Fabricant and
her assistants for use by every Ferryman. Should one of the pieces
of a Ferryman's basic equipment be lost or destroyed, he needs
only to return to Dis to replace it. While most Ferrymen go cen-
turies without needing replacements, there are usually two or three
pieces in stock with which to outfit new Initiates or replace lost
or damaged gear. However, sudden demand can empty out the
stockpiles, and unlucky Ferrymen may be forced to do without or
remain in Dis while new equipment is forged.

'
ferryman s Boat

The Ferrymen's boats are made by the Master Fabricant,
though she is often assisted at her work by the Navigatus, who
was a shipwright in life. The boats of the Ferrymen generally use
no relic material in their construction, either being rafts made
from the wood of the trees that grow on the Isle of Eurydice or
reed boats made from the oily black cattails that grow along the
River of Death. Both sorts of boats are far sturdier than their
appearance would suggest — stronger even than Stygian steel,
for they can survive the teeth and claws of even large Shades
with only superficial damage.

System: In addition to their durability, the rafts and boats of
the Ferrymen also have a sheltering effect on those taking passage
in them. Reduce the force of any given Maelstrom by three grades
when determining the effect of the storm on those inside the boat.
Note that this includes the boat itself — the rafts of the Ferrymen
are exceptionally seaworthy. The vessels crewed by Severus and
his ilk do not sink or break up, even under the worst conditions,
and generally overturn only when poled across the wind in a Force
Five Maelstrom.

The history of the Ferrymen 105

'

Ferryman s Robes
Rather than simple being formed from a single Spectre's
Corpus via Moliate, the robes of the Ferrymen are instead created
through a much more arduous process. Spectral corpora are
Moliated into thread and woven together with hair-fine Stygian
steel wire into a cloth that is then cut and sewn into their robes.
The hems of the garment are then sewn with carefully concealed
soulfire and bloodfire crystals. The result is not only some of the
most durable armor in the Underworld, but also a form of camou-
flage which allows a Ferryman traveling alone to traverse the Tem-
pest with much less worry of Spectral attack.

System: As armor, the robes provides two forms of protec-
tion. The first is that each contains 12 points of stored Pathos,
which can function exactly as a soulfire mask, including the abil-
ity to use it as an offensive weapon. The robes also add six dice
to the Ferryman's soak pool, which can be used to soak aggra-
vated damage.

As camouflage, the Ferrymen's robes have a distinctly Spec-
tral character. The Angst in the bloodfire crystals circulates
through threads of Spectral Corpus and radiates a simple sort of
Hive-Mind. This adds +2 to the difficulty of Spectral Aware-
ness rolls to spot the Ferryman. In the case of instinctive hunt-
ers like kuei, vulpines, Shades or Haints, it also adds +2 to the
difficulty of Alertness rolls to spot the Ferryman. Obviously this
only works in environments like the Tempest, where Spectres
disregard the presence of other Shadow-eaten. Some Plasmics,
specialized to feed on Spectres, are attracted by the radiance of
the robes. Also, in the Labyrinth, the robes act a beacon to ev-
ery Spectre defending its territory. Asa result, Ferrymen descend-
ing into the Labyrinth often eschew their robes for other forms
of armor. Of course, when the First raid the Labyrinth to feed
the forges of Dis, they wish to draw as many Spectres to them as
quickly as possible and generally wear their robes, sometimes
even going so far as to use captured or Intimated Spectres as
hunting-hounds and bait.

Those Spectres subjected to Nhudri's Embrace and Intima-
tion and used as Thralls in Dis are dressed in special versions of
the Ferrymen's robes to avoid the difficulties associated with the
illumination of the lamps. These lesser robes add two dice to the
Spectres' soak rolls, protect them from the effects of the Ferrymen's
lanterns (qv.) and block all contact with the Hive-Mind.

Ferryman s Lamp

The lamps of the Ferrymen are their greatest secrets. None
but the Master Fabricant and her assistants know what pro-
vides the fuel for these ever-burning lamps, which also light
the fortress of Dis. The lanterns cast a warm, candle-yellow
radiance. This unearthly light can penetrate Maelstroms, al-
lowing visibility out to several hundred yards in even a Force
Five storm. In normal weather, the lantern can be seen as far
as seven miles away. The Ferryman's lamps also penetrate the
cloak of shadows created by the Argos art Enshroud, making it
impossible to use that art to move unseen while within the
bounds of the lamp's illumination.

System: The Shadow-eaten are pained by the light of the
lamps, and must succeed in a Being roll (difficulty 6) or be un-
able to enter the illuminated area for a scene. Additionally, the
corpora of wraiths and Spectres have distinctly different appear-
ances under the light of a Ferryman's lamp, and a Perception +

106

Ends of Empire

Awareness roll (difficulty 6) allows someone knowledgeable of
this fact to differentiate between the Restless and the Shadow-
eaten by lamplight.

The lamps themselves are immensely durable and especially
resistant to the forces of Oblivion. Most Ferrymen fight with their
scythes in one hand and use their lanterns in the other asa shield.
If used as a shield, the lantern adds +1 to the difficulty of hitting
the Ferryman in melee combat, +2 if the attacker is Shadow-eaten
or attacking at range. If used to block blows, the lantern can stop
even area-affecting attacks like Misasmal Breath or Tempestos
Blast. Each success on the Ferryman's Dexterity + Melee roll to
block the attack subtracts one from the number of successes rolled
on the attack, or from the number of Corpus levels done if the
attack is automatically successful (for example, Miasmal Breath).
The lantern cannot be used to block attacks and provide its shield
bonus in the same turn.

Ferryman Scythe

The scythes wielded by the Ferrymen are patterned after
Charon's own scythe, Siklos, though of course not even the Mas-
ter Fabricant can match Nhudri's own craftsmanship. The
Ferrymen's scythes are more than simple weapons, however. They
are also used to pole the rafts and boats of the Gray Pilgrims
across the Tempest, and the back of each wickedly sharp blade
has a u-shaped hook attached to hold the Ferryman's lantern as
she makes her way.

Used as weapons, the scythes are improbably fast and unbe-
lievably dangerous. They can be used one-handed, do Strength +
6 aggravated damage, add two dice to the Ferryman's initiative
and have an attack difficulty of 4. The scythes are held blade-up
when used as poles, and seem to seat firmly on the "bottom" of
the Tempest even though only a few inches of their tips pierce
the "surface" of the Sea of Shadows. Use of the scythe as a pole
reduces the difficulty of all Orienteering rolls by one, and also
aids in the use of certain of the Ferrymen's alloyed arts.

The scythe makes an excellent rest for a Ferryman's lan-
tern, even when being used as a pole. Some unknown property
of the scythe manages to hold the light steady even as the head
of the scythe dips and swirls. While the primary effect is to
provide the Ferryman with a strong and steady source of illu-
mination, there are other benefits as well. The lantern's still-
ness as its illumination swirls through the darkness of the Tem-
pest has a decidedly calming and hypnotic effects on passen-
gers. While there are no specific mechanical effects to this,
passengers aboard a Ferryman's raft often experience a severe
distortion of their time sense and a profound feeling of calm
and isolation — a real boon for Ferrymen carrying passengers
close to Catharsis.

Other items

The Fabricants of the Boatmen's Society are only rarely
under any real time pressure, and even more rarely are they
pressed for material. In addition, there is only so much need
for robes, lanterns and scythes. As a result, Fabricants who see
something rare or unusual in a Corpus tend to take the time to
make that piece of Corpus into what it really deserves to be.
Given the millennia that the forges of Dis have been in opera-
tion, the stores of bric-a-brac that have built up in the store-
rooms of the Sunken City are hard to imagine. In addition,


the recent output of the forges has contained a large number
of unique items forged from Plasmics, which lay waiting for a
Ferryman willing to carry them into the field.

Most of the items found in Buried Secrets can be found
in the stores of Dis, as well as those listed below and many
others. Spectral items are very rare in Dis' storehouses, but not
unheard of — Aretas has forged at least one maggot revolver
as an experiment.

Ultimately, there's no limit on what Ferrymen can take
from the Sunken City. There are rooms full of unique and ex-
quisitely crafted Artifacts gathering dust. Indeed, much of the
mechanism driving the Midnight Express was taken, already
complete, from a dusty storage room deep inside Dis. Those so
incautious as to look acquisitive may have problems escaping
with just one armload of unidentifiable junk. Of course, this is
not always a positive thing. The inconvenience of traversing
the Tempest with bucketloads of trinkets and the obvious mis-
communications possible when people are laden down with
powerful weapons are just the beginning. Even their creators
have forgotten the purpose of most of the items in Dis, and
many of the items are dangerously old. Ferrymen selecting
Artifacts from the storehouses of the Fabricants should be very
careful to take only what they need, and to experiment in a
controlled environment before putting their new toys to the
test under a high-stress situation.

Aileron Whip

Forged from the tail of an Aileron, these whips are fairly com-
mon and easy to manufacture. Extremely fast, the whips retain
the Aileron's natural camouflage, making them rather hard to
dodge if the target does not know the strike is coming. They also
have some of the Aileron's vampiric nature, draining Pathos from
the target with each strike. On the downside, their several advan-
tages don't balance out the fact that they still do only a relatively
minor amount of damage with each strike.

System: Aileron whips do Strength + 1 damage, and
dodges against them are at +1 difficulty because of the whip's
color-changing tendencies. Each strike that does unsoaked
damage drains one point of the target's Pathos, assuming the
wielder can absorb it. If the wielder is already at maximum
Pathos, none is drained.

Hookplate

Hookplate is forged from the corpora of the Labyrinth-
dwelling Shadow Plasmics known as Borers. Hookplate is
most aptly described as a suit of plate mail manufactured
from the hammered bodies of monstrous star-nosed moles.
The plate itself is of fine Stygian steel, and the razor-sharp,
super-hard cutting teeth of the Borers protrude all across
the armor, strengthening the plate as well as making it deadly
in close combat.

Hookplate provides seven additional soak dice, which can
soak aggravated damage. The wearer can body block and grapple
for Strength + 1 aggravated damage, and body block, grapple, bite
and similar unarmed attacks on the wearer subject the attacker to
his own Strength +1 aggravated damage. If an armed attacker
botches an attack roll against the wearer, the weapon is shattered
or cut to pieces against the hooks, even if it is of True Jade or
Stygian steel.

There is only one of these Artifacts extant, built primarily
as a experiment. Unless some Ferryman chooses to test it and
finds it satisfactory, it highly unlikely that the immense effort;
needed to manufacture another such suit will ever be under-
taken. Made from an entire Shroudripper captured at great ex-
pense, the lightning wings are a distinctly intrusive, Spectral-
style Artifact, and not so much an Artifact as a new state of
existence for the Ferryman who eventually chooses to assume it.
While a Spectre might choose to wear this impressive array, the
Artifact would probably have an immensely destructive effect
onan wraith who donned it without previously being subjected
to the Ritual of Severance.

Most of the Shroudripper's 12-foot wingspan and form was
retained during the forging process, though the cadaver was ham- 5
mered into Stygian steel for greater strength. Modifications were
made, however; the center was reforged to accommodate the
Corpus of the wearer, and to hold three 10-point bloodfire crys-
tals. Those using the wings can fly at the Shroudripper's natural
speed of 120 miles an hour, as well as gaining access to the Argos
art Flicker and the Pandemonium art Tempus Fugit, both of which
are powered by the bloodfire crystals.

System: Both arts activate together, and the wings' Angst
is consumed at the rate of five points per scene during which
the Tempus Fugit and Flicker "Lightning Ride" is activated.
(For the sake of simplicity, assume that a character activating
the Lightning Ride flies objective speeds of slightly over a thou-
sand miles an hour [a bit slower than an average Shroudripper
in attack mode] with two additional actions each turn.) Char-
acters making the Shroudripper's characteristic swoop-and-slash
attack must take one action to fly their attack pattern, but
may use their other two actions to attack. Unless the target is
also under the effect of Tempus Fugit, or has some special de-
fense, the character is essentially immune to counterattack.
Unfortunately, the character does not gain the Shroudripper's
ability to spray acidic mist.

While the lightning wings themselves can endure the
tremendous stresses of flight at these incredible speeds, the
user cannot, at least not without a great deal of additional
modification. The necessary alterations include serious
Moliation to eliminate structural weaknesses and add steer-
ing apparatuses, the addition of Stygian steel armor along the
user's major friction points and special prosthetic reinforce-
ment of stress points of his Corpus. The net result is that the
user permanently loses three Corpus points which can never
be regained, and has his Appearance permanently reduced to
0. Additionally, the character is no longer able to use normal
furniture, clothing or armor properly. On the positive side,
the character gains a pool of three soak dice which can be
used to soak aggravated damage.

Hunting Darts

The Ferrymen's answer to the maggot revolver, the hunting
darts are a deadly weapon used to even up the score when a Ferry-
man has to defend himself against a group of enemies. Hunting
darts are also used to extinguish enemies of the Boatmen's Soci-
ety — those who have publicly hindered or harassed Ferrymen, or

for cases where use of the Mourners might arouse suspicions.

A bunting darts in essence a foot-long dart, with a wickedly on their persons beneath their robes in
barbed head and a Stygian steel covering just behind. Immedi- special sheaths that pull the covers off

the darts as they're drawn.

Burning Chains

Burning Chains are a popular
item among the members of the
Boatmen's Society, and among up-
scale Stygian officials and soldiers as
well. Similar to Living Chains, but
more specifically designed for com-
bat than for general utility, Burn-

ing Chains are an invaluable aid
») to those forced to face conside
X ably superior foes, or who mus
fight large numbers of opponents
at once. Burning Chains appear
to be superficially similar to Liv-
ing Chains, but are comprised

of a large number of short
chains rather than a few long
ones. Each chain ends with a

short, sharp blade, and the
links near the blade are
studded with fragments of
live soulfire crystals. Burn-
ing Chains are a brilliant
sight, even when not being
used for combat. Wraiths
wearing them are at a +2
difficulty on all rolls involv-
‘ing Stealth.

ately before use, the Ferryman going a-hunting removes this cover,
revealing a live 10-point soulfire crystal worked into the weapon.
It is via this crystal that the darts do most of their damage.

System: Hunting darts use a variation of the Argos art
Flicker to reach their target. The user of the dart must see
her target and spend one point of Pathos to "wake up" the
hunting dart. The Ferryman then throws the dart — in real- at
ity, little more that a flick of the wrist is needed to send //
the dart on its way. The dart's imbedded Argos does the
rest. The hunting darts have a range of several miles,
using one Pathos from the imbedded crystal for each
mile of distance traveled

Hunting' darts attack with pool. of Seven dice
(difficulty 6), and can be blocked or dodged, as-  /
suming that the target is alert enough to notice
them (Perception + Alermess, difficulty 8 Z
However, if the dart is dodged or deflecte i J
it returns the next turn to make another "es
pass at the target, until it hits the tar- 3
get or something (like a shield) is
abruptly interposed to absorb the at-
tack (Dexterity + Melee or Ath-
letics, difficulty 9).

If the hunting dart be-
comes lodged in a shield or
something other than the tar-
get, the soulfire crystal dis-
charges, melting the dart

into uselessness, quite pos-
sibly ruining the interposed
object and doing a level of
aggravated damage to any
wraith foolish enough to
touch the bubbling re-
mains for the next several
minutes. A dart that
strikes its target does three
dice of aggravated damage.
If even a single damage suc-
cess goes unsoaked, the dart has
lodged into the target, who begins
taking one level of aggravated dam-
age per turn (not soakable) from
exposure to live soulfire until the
dart is successfully removed or the
target falls into a Destruction Har-
rowing. Removing a hunting dart
is an extended Strength + Ath-
letics test that requires three suc-

Burning Chains have an
eight-dice pool which they can
use each time the wearer takes
an action. These dice can be split

into as many as four actions with-
out penalty. Dice used to parry can
be added to the user's own Dodge or
Parry roll. Dice used to attack must be
used on their own (the chains cannot
aim the user's hand, after all), but can be
used to launch a series of simultaneous at-
tacks, forcing the defender to split her
Dodge dice pool. Burning chains do four
dice of aggravated damage per successful at-
tack, and cannot make more than two at-
tacks on an individual per turn.
Similar to but more complex than
Living Chains, Burning Chains are im-
planted all along the user's spine, rather
than just at the base. The implant pro-
cess causes two Corpus levels of dam-
¢ \ age, which cannot be healed until the
iV chains are removed. Burning Chains must
be recharged with 30 points of Pathos ev-
ery three months. Burning ains whose
charge has run down have only four dice in their

pool and de-onlyiewa levels ot aperavered durnnne On
p4 successful' ateack:

x

level of aggravated damage.

Being hit with several hunting
darts makes a Destruction Harrowing
nty, while being hit with

a near-certz
one is likely to distract an opponent long N
enough for the Ferryman to dispatch her other

foes. Many Ferrymen carry a half-dozen or so darts

108 Ends of Empire


efnymen

The annals of the Ferryman are full of heroes. Each of the
Boatmen has performed enough heroic deeds in their exist-
ence, even before initiation, to qualify them for any roll of
honor. Yet even among the Ferrymen, there are some who stand
out for their unusual determination or odd methods.

Datian Severus

Severus is the Ferryman with perhaps the most contact with
Stygia. One of the First (though among the oldest of the second
tier, rather than one of the original few), Severus was by all ac-
counts one of Marius' close advisors in the days of the Roman
Republic, and brought a patrician sense of obligation and no-
blesse oblige with him across the Shroud. He quickly broke with
Charon, however, and joined the Ferrymen's ranks, making a
name for himself and indeed being one of the very few Ferry-
men whose names were known at all outside of Dis.

In recent centuries, Severus has adopted the role of unoffi-
cial liaison between Dis and Stygia, though he, like all his ilk,
refuses to set foot on the Isle. It is he who spearheaded the efforts
to see justice done for the victims of genocide, and he who finds
ways to let the Deathlords know when Dis is particularly displeased
with their courses of action. His presence in the Empire is an un-
official one, but one that is known to those who follow the paths
of power on the Isle.

It is Severus himself who is primarily responsible for the im-
age of the Ferrymen held in the popular eye; it is his exploits and
habits that most Stygian citizenry take for the norm of Ferryman
behavior. Whether this is an accidental development, a plan of
Severus' or a smokescreen deliberately constructed by the Steer-
ing Committee with Severus' compliance remains unknown.

Bowen

Many among the Ferrymen are reluctant to soulforge even
the Shadow-eaten, believing that this deprives them of the chance
for Redemption. The enigmatic Ferryman known as Bowen takes
this ethos a step farther, refusing also to use material forged from
even the dubiously living Plasmics. Instead, he uses only relics

The worlds revolve like ancient women, gathering fuel in

vacant lots.
+TS. Eliot, "Preludes"

gathered from the Shadowlands and inanimate material fished
out of the Tempest. Clad in a tattered robe of True Jade, and
wrapped in a cloak made from sewn-together swatches and tatters
of relic cloth, Bowen travels the Underworld armed only with his
Arcanoi and a sturdy relic scythe.

Perhaps one the most diligent of the younger Ferrymen,
Bowen is forever traveling in search of those who wish transport
to the Far Shores. Bowen is perhaps best known for his fierce op-
position to the slavers and other wraiths who fraudulently prom-
ise safe passage over the Sea of Shadows, but who instead turn on
their passengers. The single greatest target of his ire are the Fish-
ers. Bowen has destroyed over a dozen Fisher recruiting agents,
and raided Paradise on at least one occasion.

Bowen's Pasiphae is equally active, and clearly his antithesis.
Clad in clothing made from half-forged souls still able to scream,
it takes great delight in emerging suddenly from the Tempest to
attack travelers, and in roaming the Labyrinth in search of
Helldivers. Bowen and his Pasiphae are both masters of Phan-
tasm, and Bowen is said to have been one of the greatest Sandmen
in Stygia (which one, however, is a matter of speculation) before
he left the Guild for the Boatmen's Society.

Kurt

One of the newest of the Ferrymen, marked for great things
long before his time among the Quick ended. Kurt bore the
deathmarks of the Legion of Fate since the moment of his birth,
and the Ferrymen were notified of his existence by the Lady of
Fate shortly thereafter. Though his life as an artist was checkered
and ended early by his own hand, his Fate is one of the brightest
to have come to the attention of the Boatman's Society in almost
a thousand years.

Kurt was personally Reaped by Severus, who gave him his
regalia shortly after his death, led him through the resolution of
one of his Fetters and gave Kurt his first initiation shortly thereaf-
ter. Kurt has only recently finished his training at Dis, and has
undergone the Ritual of Severance. Among the small minority of | /
Ferrymen who use modes of transport other than a boat or raft,
Kurt travels the Underworld on the same motorcycle that carried
him through much of his life. Though barely accustomed to the
Underworld, Kurt has taken to his job with positive verve, and is | ~
progressing as well as wraiths five times his age.



Romance is a giddy thing. Throughout my somewhat truncated life, 'd alternated too-cool rationalism about love with bouts of love-at-irst-sight
obsession, swapping back and forth with enough velocity to cause whiplash in casual observers. Needless to say i never managed to resolve this dilemma
before passing on, thoueh i did have any number of strange, destructive and ultimately bizarre relationships back in my breathing days. | turned most of
those encounters into anecdote fodder rather than look at them seriously, even in the rearview mirror. Perhaps that s why 1 Kept on running into the
samme situation over and over again in different guises.

Mind you, most folks would thik that death shoud! be a pretty permanent cure for romantic angst, not to mention awkwardness inthe presence ofthe
opposite sex. mean, there's no pressure, right? You're dead — its not ike a chance meeting ata Haunt could lead toa whirlwind romance a storybook wedding
and eventualy settling down to raise a gagele of Enfants. Love is a Passion lke anything else, andi suppose a couple of wraiths could do pretty well basking in
each other's presences until they gt sic of one another, but even so, you dont expect the thunderbolt to strike after youre dead and gone.

Damned if i didnt get nailed two weeks after they scraped me off the pavement.

Five years ago, i spent my nights staring out the windows of the office where | used to work, peering down at the afterlife on the pavement on
Newbury Street that | was too fearful to join. She'd been one of the ghosts whom i saw night after night, somehow more alive than the rest of them. Every
s0 often we made eye contact, and she smiled at me. i think she'd wanted me to come down and join the fun. i keep on telling myself 1 was working
myself up to do so, to sneak down out of the office and through the door out onto the whole wide world of the Restless Dead.

Correction. Hah. i perpetually wimped out, atleast until the night the soldiers arrived. {saw the whole thing from my window, my lovely safe bay
windor, and did nothing while she got he face torn off by some local Centurion with a bade that made him ee! like a man. The soldiers carved off what
was left of her, and no one else on the street did anything, Not even me.

Well, that's not true. i engaged in an act of sel-mutilation that seemed profound atthe time, so as to urge myself to gt the hell out of the office
and do something. i mean, even gettin your face ripped off cant be any worse than inflicting that sort of pain on yourself deliberately, right?

Fortunately i havent had the opportunity to test that particularly idiotic hypothesis. instead, i got on my metaphorical horse and starting riding off
after this gil Fd only seen a few times.

id never met her. id never spoken to her. /d'never even learned her name... and here i was, charging across perdition backward and forward,
looking for her. There are times i think i didnt look too hard — or deliberately didn't look in the right place —so as to avoid finally, actually meeting
her and having my ilisions shattered when we finaly spoke. i mean, what was | going to say? ‘Hi there, you don t know me, but {used fo watch you out
the window in Boston before you got your face torn off, and think you're realy cute, andi was wondering if your boyfriend was dead, too?

So maybe that explains why, instead of marching up tothe gates ofthe Boston Necropolis and offering to buy her Corpus back — wich woul have been the sensible thing
to.do—{ walked from Boston to Savannah to San francisco to places that don even have names. | went with Sevens into places that gave me nightmares had enough to scare
my Shadow Team the ats ofthe dead, and made a name for msel as that obsessive-compulsive guy that noone wanted to wast the effort bothering

Chay, maybe im Lying it on a tle thick. i! eam quite a handful of tricks, and ic make something ofa name for mse. inever did look as hard for he asi should
have, though mean, putin alt of effort and oged a at of les, but it wast rected proper Knowing what know now, | wonder i my steps were diverted, or perhaps
subtly altered fo the purposes of the Ferymen. it would make me feel aot beter about myself that were the case, had csp
szret machinations utilize me Personal god would have ben stated tothe higher mision, the needs of the many gs in black robes woud hae outweighed the needs
of the one guy in slacks and soon. it would bea comforting notion cling to, but icant shake the persistent feelin tha its pure hooey.

So here i am, in the strets of Stysia, wearing Ferryman s duds and watching the world end. Here she is, laying about her with a sword forall she
worth as the Spectres come out of the woodwork. She's wearing patchwork armor with Emerald Legion insignia on it, though i cant imagine she would
have joined a Legion after... what happened.

Here you are standing around with your thumb up your ass while she gets overwhelmed again

You know, every so often my other half has a good point.  nliber the scythe and charge into the fray


- Prologye to Remembran

uildbook Mnemoi

oad of Steel and Souls:

- An Ending

the great iron doors into the blackness be-
yond. From below came the shouts and oc-
casional screams of workers hewing the raw
Pfoo|| stuff of the Labyrinth from the walls of the
M4) Veinous Stair. Torches flickered and guttered
in the darkness below, but the column of 14 souls neither he
tated nor spoke. Lord Ember himself took the lead, nervously
passing his great hammer from hand to hand as he descended.
Beside him the faceless assassin Slander flowed down each step
with inhuman grace; the tension between the pair was pal-
pable. Behind them, two by two, strode some of the most fa-
mous — or infamous — wraiths in Stygia's long and colorful
history. Miklos the Chanteur, his hands on a lute Moliated to
look like bleached bone, occasionally pursed his lips as if to
whistle, but thought better of it after a glance at the glowering
presence of the notorious Spook thug beside him. Brother De-
votion of the Pardoners raised his lamp fearfully and took a
look around, then hurried to catch up. At the end of the col-
umn were a mismatched pair: the Alchemist Jedediah (upon
whose presence in the expedition Lord Ember had insisted)

112

Ends of Empire

and the aged Sandman Thusimos, who had a most incongru-
ous smile playing on his lips.

In silence the column descended, and in silence they chose a
branching tunnel marked with the same rune that Charon had
used of old to sign official documents. "It seems an obvious trap,"
rumbled Ember, frowning at the whole situation.

"The doors above were the trap, my lord," replied the
Masquer. "This is merely one of the gears in the great machine.
Still, it is better to go in with our eyes open, so to speak." With
that, the Pardoner coaxed his lantern to greater brightness, and
the wraiths moved forward.

Toward the rear, Miklos sang a few short bars of a song none of
the others could identify; it seemed to be about going off to work,
but before he could mouth more than a few words Fix turned on
him with a savage hiss. "So help me, another fucking note and I'm
going to ram that ukulele up your ghostly asshole. You want every
goddamned Spectre in this place to know we're coming, or do you
just want a select audience of a few million for your swan song?"

Miklos laughed. "I'm sure they already know we're here, and
why not go whistling to our own funerals?"

With a muttered curse the Spook swung at the singer, who
dodged nimbly back. Before Fix could strike again, Slander had
flowed from his place at the front of the line to entangle him.
"Not now, Fix. We'll need all our strength."

Still cursing, Fix subsided. Slander waited a moment and fixed
a warning stare on the smirking Miklos, then returned to his proper
place. The column moved forward, each wraith knowing it was
only a matter of time before they were discovered.


Jedediah was the first to vanish. As the Guildwraiths moved
through a confluence of tunnels lit by glowing bands within the
very walls themselves, a pack of Mortwights made a futile, sui-
cidal attack on the front of the group. Ember and Slander dis-
posed of the dozen or so Spectres, but while the rest were watch-
ing the skirmish, a monstrous, shambling Shade emerged from
one of the side tunnels and absconded with the Alchemist before

he could so much as shriek. Thusimos apologized profusely for his
lack of watchfulness, and asked why the ever-watchful Monitor
representative had not detected the Shade's approach. The reply
was a sullen "I blinked," and then the group moved on in silence.

Others fell as the wraiths continued onward. Despite Brother
Devotion's best efforts, the predations of the Labyrinth itself —
ihe Blasmesidvellineewithine heirerile of hhevacid issuer
other, less identifiable hazards — slowly eroded the numbers of

the expedition. As powerful as the wraiths comprising the group
were, the perils the Labyrinth presented were infinite, and persis-
tent. The Monitor, Alphonse, vanished down a pit that suddenly
opened beneath his feet and then closed within seconds. Swarm-
ing, buzzing Spectres carried off Ceridwen the Puppeteer to feed
Rabark the Inhabited when she lingered too long to examine an

abandoned Spectral city.

And so it went, so that when the survivors finally reached
the great empty forge that had once housed Nhudri, there were
but six of them: Ember and Slander, Miklos and Fix, Brother De-
votion and Thusimos. Before them stretched the abandoned work-
shop that had once housed the Smith of the Dead. Leg irons that
looked strong enough to chain time itself lay on the floor, sliced

neatly in twain. All else — the anvil, the bellows, the workbenches
was covered in dust

1 Ember as he strode around

"There's nothing here!" bellowe:
the chamber. "We'v

"That you have," replied Thusimos, "and for that decep-
tion, you have my most sincere apologies." He stood, smiling
once again, at the doorway. His smile was sad, however, and he
made no move to flee.

"Sandman — you? But why?" Ember crossed the distance
between them in perhaps four strides, his anger crackling off him
like sparks. "What reason was there for this charade?"

Thusimos shrugged. "The best of all reasons —Charon's pres-
ervation. There was, or perhaps still is, a traitor among us, and by
diverting our attention here, I had hoped to turn our enemies'
gaze here as well. Better that the Onceborn be looking at their
own domain than at Stygia while Charon is reborn, would you
not agree? And so I made sacrifices of us all, that Charon might
have the hours he needs to come into his own, and save the Em-
pire. That is," he inclined his head slightly at Ember, "what you
wanted, isn't it?"

Before the Artificer could reply, Miklos uttered a most unmu-
sical shriek, as Fix smashed his throat with one swing of a heavy,
vicious-looking mace. The others turned to find Slander impaling
the singer with a bladed fist and lifting his victim off the ground.
Miklos' legs kicked and dangled, but he neither sang nor spoke.
Instead, he just spat and writhed. "This is the traitor, | think," said
the assassin as calmly as if he were discussing a sunset or a day's


worth of sightseeing. "Miklos commissioned the attempt on you,
Lord Ember; it seems likely that your rough treatment of him was
deliberately provoked so as to provide an acceptable justification
for his purchasing the contract. Interestingly enough, the contract
specified that you were not to be destroyed, but rather to be Har-
rowed. It was a fascinating detail, and one that had slipped my mind
for some time while we concerned ourselves with other matters."

"So what?" said Fix. "Maybe he was just trying to teach you
a lesson? We run that racket all the time." He looked up at the
Chanteur and grinned, nastily. "One note out of you, Celine,
and I'm gonna make your heart go on through that wall over
there. Just give me an excuse." Miklos looked daggers at him,
but said nothing.

Slander, despite its lack of any facial features whatsoever, still
managed to radiate equal parts contempt and despair in Fix's di-
rection. "We handle such assignments as well, and matters like
that are usually phrased a bit differently than this contract was.
No, the idea was to send Lord Ember into a Harrowing and keep
him there as long as possible. Why?"

"Perhaps to give the Labyrinth a chance to... convert me?"
Ember sounded puzzled. "But what would Miklos gain from that?"

"Miklos? Nothing. His master? Everything, I think. The
Emperor of the Jade Kingdom has been preparing for war for some
time. His love of poets, artists and singers is well-known. Surely
Yu Huang would benefit from having the master forger of Stygia,
the man who creates so much of the realm's arms and armor, re-
duced to Spectrehood on the eve of invasion." Slander's tone was
flat and grim. "Had I known, I would have refused the contract.
You have my apologies, Lord Ember.

Fix turned to Slander incredulously. "I thought you guys never
broke client confidentiality? What the hell's going on here?"

Slander smiled, or performed the equivalent. "I think, con-
sidering the circumstances, that normal rules can be set aside.
Besides, I don't think any of us are liable to escape and spill the
secret, and the seven other Slanders still extant in Stygia will
make certain our reputation remains unsullied."

"Seven—," said Ember, and then there was no more time for
talk, as the Spectres erupted from every shadow and corner.

Slander quickly gutted Miklos, with help from Fix, and turned
to face the enemy, but there were too many and the defenders
were too widely separated. Brother Devotion was torn apart by a
hail of relic rifle fire, his lantern crashed to the floor, and then the
individual wraiths were on their own. Slander and Fix fought back
to back, grace and precision matched with sheer brutality. Ember
lay about him with his hammer, bellowing curses and orders.
Thusimos quickly drowned under a sea of Spectres. A moment
later, Fix's head was torn from his shoulders by something impos-
sibly huge and mantislike, and then there were only two.

"You've improved since our last meeting," said Slander
humorlessly, as he carved yet another howling Stripling into scraps.

"Awaiting the rematch," replied Ember, grunting with the
exertion of his hammer blows. "A pity we'll have to wait for an-
other lifetime to try it."

"A pity indeed," said Slander, and then the only sounds in
the chamber were those of hopeless battle. The sounds took a
very long time to die away, but die they did.

Silence returned to the Labyrinth, and that was all.

"Js that how it would have been?" growled Ember at the
nondescript wraith seated before him. A woman with graying

114 Ends of Empire

hair tied up in a tight bun, she nodded impassively and folded
her arms across her chest.

"As near as we could tell after speaking with the Oracles,
yes. The dialogue was a little fanciful — it's been years since I've
spoken to Fix, and my handle on his colloquialisms is a bit rusty.
Still, I cannot envision matters as having gone much otherwise."

Ember made a harrumphing noise. Across the table, the
Masquer representative to the Council of Guilds put her hands
on the tabletop and said, "You do realize that this... memory... is
hardly binding evidence, Ember, either against us or Miklos."

The Artificer shrugged and waved off the comment. "It's in-
consequential for now, really. I'm not inclined to seek revenge at
the moment anyway. We have other matters to attend to, yes?"
Murmured assent came from around the table, save from the seat
normally occupied by the Chanteur representative. That space was
empty. "A marvelously crafted memory, Phaedra. Excellently done."

The Mnemos inclined her head slightly. "I wish it had not been
necessary for me to craft it, or indeed for me to come to you at all. [am
afraid that by doing so, I have betrayed the oldest trust my Guild holds,
and I know that Minos will not be pleased with me on my return."

"Minos will discuss matters with us first, I think," said the
dapper Spook Vanderwal, obviously pleased that his subordinate
had acquitted himself well in the phantasy that the Mnemos had
woven. "So for us halfwits whom Lord Ember doesn't let into the
secret clubhouse, why don't you explain this trust to us? The more
we know, the better we can plan and act."

Phaedra sighed. "It makes little difference now. I, and all my
brethren, have been falsely accused for centuries. That we agreed
to the deception makes little difference, save that it makes each
destruction that much harder to bear. We have been Charon's agents
for the last six centuries and longer, the keepers of the most essen-
tial part of the Empire. He banished us for safekeeping, that the
knowledge we carried not be used by the Deathlords or—," she
paused, "—the Guildmasters, for what we carry is for Charon alone."

"Dammit, woman, stop speaking like this is Aeschylus. What are
you rambling on about?" The Spook seemed equally intrigued and irri-
tated, and half-rose from his chair. Around him, the other Guildmasters
leaned forward unconsciously, eager to learn the secret of centuries.

"We carry Charon's memories against his return," Phaedra
said, "so that when he had finished his sojourn in the land of the
living, he might come into his former power and glory, and thus
rescue the Empire and all those dwelling within it. And every one
of you who has taken a Mnemos Thrall or sent one to Oblivion
has unknowingly committed treason, and pushed Stygia one step
closer to destruction."

There was stunned silence in the room, then a confused
babble of voices. Ember pounded his gavel on the table and bel-
lowed for order, but it was the sound of bells, hundreds of them,
that finally brought quiet to the chamber.

"What's that?" asked Alphonse, the timid little Monitor.

"Maelstrom bells," replied Thusimos grimly from his corner.
"All of them. It sounds like the Sixth is here."

Unnoticed, Phaedra had risen from her chair. "The voice of
the storm is the herald of Charon reborn. We must go to meet
him." She turned to face the chamber, a tear glistening on her
cheek. "I am sorry for all the lies, sorry that you must learn your
own error this way, but there was no choice. Now who will go
with me to meet the Emperor reborn?"

And two by two, just as they had in the forged memory, the
Guildmasters of Stygia went forth for the last time.

We are memory. That is the first thing you must know before you
can understand us, or indeed, before you can understand yourself. We,
as we perceive ourselves, do not exist. We are our own memories of
ourselves, lingering in a place where such things are possible. We are
here because we remember ourselves well enough, whereas the vast
tuck and run of souls simply weren't memorable, even to themselves.

Once you understand this, once you can accept the fact that
you do not in fact exist (at least not as you understand existence),
you can begin to understand us. For we are the keepers of memory,
and in a place where we are all simply memories, that means we
have a great deal of power indeed.

So close your eyes. Extend your hand. The Memory Palace
awaits you. Enter freely, and of your own will, and you will learn
much. Enter unwillingly, and you will learn nothing. Enter fool-
ishly, and you may not return at all.

Do you trust me, at least this far? It is a start, and a better
one than your friend made. If you listen closely, you can hear
him from where you stand. No, I would not call that "scream-
ing" so much as "energetic exclamations," but I don't think the
distinction matters much at the moment. He opened a door in
the Memory Palace that he was, perhaps, not quite prepared to
open. Rest assured, that while you have free run of the Palace,
wisdom lies in knowing which doors not to open as well as know-
ing which ones to seek out.

How will you know which doors to open and which ones to
leave alone? There is no single answer to that question. Follow
your instincts, child. You are memory, so let memory call to memory
as best fits your desires.

Be warned, though, notall of the memories you are likely to
encounter arésniine: 1 Haye held pieces ofniany other codls over
the years, some as great as Charon's, some as insignificant as, well,
as yours. Don't be offended. You've not yet proven yourself to be
anything more than a small candle set in a great darkness, and
you have not earned more than my amused tolerance yet. This,
too, may change, but if your attitude does not, | would not wager
heavily upon the possibility.

But enough distraction, enough debate, enough procrastir
tion. The Memory Palace waits for yout tread. Close your eyes
once again, and give me your hand. ‘There, do you see it? The gate
lies open for you; enter and do not be afraid.

Now you should find yourself in the Great Hall. From here,
you can take myriad paths. Do you see the doors? E:
toa different memory. Each will teach you something of the history
of the Mnemoi, and by extension, of the history of Stygia.

Is it that simple? It never is. By choosing one memory, you
may deny yourself access to another. It never pays to retrace one's
steps in memory, after all.

Remember as well that these are memories. If you are look-
ing for the absolute, objective truth, look in storybooks and fan-
tasies. No such thing exists in the real world, and especially not
here. What you will learn is history through the prism of recollec-
tion, prejudice and bias. Do not condemn those who remember
for those faults; they are part and parcel of the human condition.
We all bring experience and agenda to the table in every waking
moment. You yourself are no different from anyone else — not
even myself — in this regard. I would be most amused to peer at
your memory of these past few moments, for example, to see how
your recollection regards me. Not kindly, I think, and yet I may be
the greatest friend you have in the afterlife.

Guildbook Mnemoi 115


How many doors lie before you? Two? A dozen? A hundred?
It varies from visitor to visitor. It's a question of how many memo-
ties you're willing to learn, I think. The more open you are to the
experience, so to speak, the more doors appear before you. There
have been some few visitors who have seen no doors at all, just
blank smooth walls. The fault, of course, was entirely theirs. They
chose not to open themselves to the possibility of knowledge, and
hence could not see the doors that were right before them.

How many doors do you see, then? Twenty? That seems about
right for someone of your limited years and experience. Where do
they lead? Even if I could tell you, | would not. You must make
your own choices, after all.

Does one door appeal to you more than any other? The one
to the side of the Great Hall, perhaps, emblazoned with an eye? It
does not surprise me. Many choose that door first.

Hesitant, because you are following a well-trod path? Don't
be. Follow your muse. She knows what she is doing. Open the
door, and learn what lies beyond it.

And once you finish with that chamber, there will be other
doors, with more memories behind them. Go. Seek enlighten-
ment, and return to the Great Hall — if you are able to do so —
when you are finished. Linger as long as you like, but take care
not to spend too long within this place. Memory is tenacious,
and may not want to let you go. It would be a pity if you became
nothing more than a memory, and a faint one at that, by re-
maining here forever.

Where is here? You mean you don't know? Open the door,
then, and step through. You will find out soon enough.

Doors of Memory:
history Remembered

This is the First Door, the Door of Creation. This is how
we came to be who we are.

Minos sits on a bench. He is plainly garbed, wearing a tunic and sandals,
and his eyes are wide with excitement. "Phaedra! Phaedra! I've done it!"

A young girl walks quickly into the chamber, moving with the
grace of royalty. Her garments are also plain, though finely woven,
and her feet are bare. "What have you done this time, Minos? Found a
way to speak to the living? Others have done that already."

Minos stands, laughing. "No, no, I've done something better!
Something fantastic. Here, hold this!" He extends his hand, and in it is
a single shard of crystal. It seems almost green in the pale half-light of
this place. She looks at him dubiously.

"It's a rock," she says. "You've got a rock."

"No! The crystal isn't what's important. It's what the crystal holds!"
Minos is almost beside himself with glee, a sudden change for the
sobersided man. "Take it!"

And so Phaedra does, saying, "Now I've got a rock," when sud-
denly her expression changes to one of rapture. The minutes tick by
while she sees things that are not there, and Minos merely smirks. Even-
tually the interlude ends, and she hands the shard back to Minos. "That
was the palace, but never as I'd seen it. The banners were much brighter,
and the dancing and the number of servants... your time?"

Minos nods gleefully, unable to speak.

116 Ends of Empire

"Your time... your memory? Trapped in this... rock?" Again,
Minos nods. "You've figured out how to store a memory in a stone?
That's astounding."

"Not just a stone, Phaedra. Here as well," and he taps his fore-
head with his finger. "Though I believe memories of love still reside in
the liver. But that's neither here nor there. This means great things,
Phaedra. Great things for all of us."

"Indeed," she says with a smile. "Now let's go tell Charon. I'm
sure he'll be anxious to hear."

And so Charon charged Minos to refine his discoveries,
and in another hour, charged Phaedra to watch over Minos.
And both of them were told to take disciples, so as to pass the
knowledge of memory down through the ages, that it might be
safeguarded against loss. From them came the Mnemoi, and
from the Mnemoi came the Judges and Inquisitors of Stygia.
The Mnemoi grew in righteousness and wrath, and in pride as
well. Yet never was their duty forgotten, and in that memory
lay the seeds of disgrace and terror.

You leave that room and enter a corridor that is made of
black stone and iron. Water flows down the walls in an endless
stream and vanishes, and the stone and iron glisten. There are
grilles in the floor through which the water flows, and you sense
that there are many corridors like this one below you, each one
darker and colder than the last. You shiver, for it is very cold,
and move toward the door at the end of the corridor. The door
itself is made of iron, and has a ring a foot across set in it. The
metal is cold to the touch, so cold as to burn, but the door opens
easily enough.

This is the Door That Hides the Memory of Duty. Do not
enter this place lightly.

«..Charon sits on his throne, his mask in his hands. Siklos is at a
careless angle on the floor, cast aside like a child's unwanted toy. Phaedra
stands at the entrance to the chamber, her small frame burning with
righteous anger.

"Why? Why him? Couldn't you sacrifice anyone else? He gave
you so much!" She know that if she were to strike Charon, he would
not stop her. She would be the first wraith in centuries to do so.

He looks up at her, and says nothing. She crosses the floor to
where he sits and, with all of her considerable strength, slaps him across
the jaw. He still says nothing. "Answer me, damn you!" She strikes
him again, and again. Still he makes no sign that he even acknowledges
the blows. Finally, she spits at him and turns to go. "You are pathetic."

She gets as far as the door before Charon speaks. "I am sorry," he
says. "I am very sorry."

Phaedra turns. "Sorry? Is that all you can say? You've destroyed
the best man in Stygia for no reason that I can see, and all you can
say to me is that you are sorry? Almanzar was not a pet, or a distant
relation, or a favored servant. He was a better man than you de-
served to have serve you, or your Empire, and you threw him away!
You sicken me."

Charon stands, his face full of sadness. "Phaedra, do you know
why Almangar and Pallonius and all of the others perished? Do you
think they were sacrificed lightly?"

"Yes, oh mighty Charon, I think they were. Nothing could be
worth their souls." Her voice is cold and cutting, and Charon visibly
flinches beneath her words. The look on his face is calculating, as if he
is deciding how much to tell her.

"T see that Minos didn't share all of our conversation with you.
That is unfortunate. Will you give me a chance to tell you why they

were chosen, and why a choice was necessary? If you disagree, well
His voice trails off, and he gestures to Siklos, laying on the floor.
Charon," Phaedra says. Neve
, tell mea story."

So, my Emperc

Charon paces as he begins. "I had a visit from the Oracles about
a fortnight ago. They had some disturbing news. Apparently one of
their number had an especially emphatic vision of the future, one that
was echoed throughout the temple."

"And what might that vision be?"

"My destruction at the hands of a Malfean, the end of Stygia in a
Great Maelstrom to follow, and various and sundry other bits of unpleas-
antness. Apparently they were all quite convinced of its veracity. So I did
the only thing | could — threw a public fit and tossed them out, then sum-
moned them back for a meeting when there weren't so many eyes about. It
seems there are ways that this fate might be avoided, but only at great cost."

Phaedra smiles coldly. "Almanzar and the others being that cost?"

"Part of it. You're seeing only a part of this, Phaedra. Others matter
too, you know. Now, it has been determined that there is no way that I can
avoid destruction. None whatsoever. It's simply a matter of time. But there
are other preventatives that I can have in place. If I force the issue in certain
ways, I can go before I am supposed to, and rather than Oblivion I can find
away to the Skinlands. Then, when I live out my years there, I can return.
rejuvenated, and prevent the destruction of Stygia."

The Mnemos purses her lips. "Interesting theory, but how is an
Enfant who happened to be Charon once going to be able to effect any
sort of change?"

Charon smiles sadly. "That is where you come in, Phaedra. You
and your charges. Certainly, the wraith you describe could do nothing
But one who had been granted his memories and experience once again,
to match the vigor of his youth

"Oh, no. No. You can't be asking—"

"Lam not asking. Minos offered. You and yours will carry my memo.
ries against the day of my destruction and retum. However—," and he
gazes unhappily out the window in the tower's north face, "I cannot simply
have my memories floating about, easy prey for anyone who decides he
wants an inside look at my mind. I cannot have the Deathlords prodding at
my knowledge of Arcanoi they do not know, or the Guildmasters either
Can you imagine the chaos once word got out? Mnemoi being held hostage
for the memories they might contain. Secrets sold to the highest bidder. It
would bring the desolation upon Stygia in weeks!"

"And so you must hide us....," Phaedra whispered

"Yes. I must hide you, and I must hide you in a way that
those who go looking for you do not go looking for that which you keep
for me. I will build your legend as monsters so high that they will fear to
seek you, and blacken your name so that none will associate with you
The secret will be hidden, yes, and you will be hidden along with it."

"So Almanza
your grand scheme

and the others were nothing more than a mask for

Charon nods. "If only minor officials or the truly corrupt were
held up as examples of your dastardy, the populace would shrug and
trust Almanzar and the others to carry on as usual. He was a rock in
which their trust was built. But if he were shown to be false, then how
could any of you be worth saving?"

Guildbook Mnemoi 117

Phaedra rises. "And so, Almanzar goes to the forges. And Pallonius
is broken and thrown into the Sunless Sea. And all of my students and I
must flee to the hinterlands, to be loathed for how many centuries."

Charon nods. "Yes."

"And this is all that you might return some day?"

Charon shakes his head. "No. In the grand scheme of thing:
not matter. What matters is that all of this," and the sweep of his arm
takes in all of Stygia, "does not perish. | am merely the instrument of
Stygia's preservation, and the Mnemoi are the instruments that craft me."

He turns, and seats himself on his throne once more. "You have
heard my tale, Phaedra. Siklos waits for your hand, if you deem it
necessary." He closes his eyes to await the blow

She faces him, fists clenched. "I would rather you had destroyed
me, Charon. I still cannot believe all of Stygia is worth what you
have given up. And I would throw myself into the Void if I could
ensure that it would be Almanzar who would return and save this
place, and not you."

Charon shrugs. "Perhaps he'd do a better job of it. I do not know.
Blame me if you must, blame Fate if you dare. But you know my
reasoning, and you know my will cannot be swayed."

"I know. | pity you."

"I thank you for your pity. Now see to your charges, Phaedra.
We will meet again anon."

Phaedra turns to go. "If we must," she says, and vanishes into the
darkness of the stairwell

You emerge from the chamber into a darkened hallway.
Grooves run down both sides, and the stone is splotched dark

with dried blood. There are no tapestries here, no decorations
or mosaics of any kind. A single torch gutters in a bracket far
ahead, but that is the only light. The smell here is that of the
slaughterhouse, of blood half-congealed and flesh allowed to rot
in the teeth of saws. A distant wailing can be heard, but that is
all save your own footsteps on the moist stone. Do not look down.
Keep your eyes on the torch, and on the doorway behind it.
Gaze elsewhere and you may be lost.

This is the Door of Persecution. Fear what it may show you.

Ten wraiths wearing the badges of the Grim Legion pound on the
door of the haunt. Inside, a wraith huddles, paralyzed with fear. He is
a slender man in nondescript clothes, balding and mousy. He burrows
under a pile of rubbish and prays that the men outside will just go away

No such luck. They call for him, mockingly. He does not answer
Tiring of their game, they break the door down and enter the haunt
They kick over his few possessions, stealing any that are worthwhile
For a moment it seems as if they will not find him. Then the Centurion
in charge of the patrol sees him, and hauls him out bodily. "Got you,
little man," the soldier says. "We're going to teach you not to skulk
around our nice clean corner of the Underworld."

Most of the other soldiers laugh at the small man's bleatings and
pleas for mercy. One at the back does not. "I don't get it," he says to
the man next to him. "Who is this jerk?"

His companion looks at him with condescension and pity. "Oh,
man, kid, you don't know? This guy's a Mnemos."
"A what?"

"Mnemos. Nee-mose. Say it with me. Neee-mose."


ae

"Yeah, yeah, whatever. So he's Leonard Nimoy. What does that
have to do with anything? The guy looks like a twerp."

"Didn't they teach you anything back at the Citadel? These guys
are bad news. They can mess with your heads. Make you see stuff.
Make you forget stuff. Hell, a few centuries back they nearly took over
the whole thing. They were running the courts and everything, and
they nearly took over. Good thing Charon, God rest his soul, found
out and routed the little bastards." He stomps over to where the pris-
oner stands, quaking with fear. "But I guess one decided to weasel back
into town." He takes the small man's face in his hand. "What do you
want here? What are you after?"

"Nothing," the Mnemos squeaks out. "I was just trying to go
home." Tears form in the corners of his eyes. He looks around. There
are too many for him to do anything, he thinks, and if he tries it will
just make things worse. He wishes he'd waited a bit longer and gotten
a bit more training before setting out on his own. He wonders who
betrayed him.

"Oh, you're going home, all right. Right straight home to Oblivion." He
slams the wraith up against the back wall of the building with a sickening crunch.
Plasm dribbles out between his fingers. "C'mon, kid, take a shot at him."

The wraith who had no idea what a Mnemos was steps forward
uncertainly. He senses the eyes upon him, and steels himself to deliver
a blow. The Mnemos closes his eyes. That just makes it easier.

An hour later, the Mnemos teeters on the edge of a Harrowing. If
he is lucky, they will batter him just a little bit more, and he will fall into
the Labyrinth and perhaps escape to a Fetter.

He is not lucky. The leader of the patrol says "Fun's over, boys.
Poppa needs a new pair of shoes, and this guy is what they're gonna be
made out of. Break out the chains."

And the soldiers imprison the Mnemos, whose only crime was
being heir to a legend, and drag him off to the Citadel. They pa-
rade him through the streets, so that all might see what they've
done. They offer him a chance to plead for mercy before they throw
him in the forges, and he does not take it, for he knows that if he
speaks he may say too much. So he goes to the fire, and the sol-
diers slap each other on the back for having defended their city
against the Mnemos peril.-

And so it has been in every Necropolis since Charon banished
us. The lie we wove together was better than we might have dreamed,
the will to believe it was too strong. In the shadows stood the Smil-
ing Lord, fanning the flames. Somehow he knew we would someday
be the key to his destruction, and so he set about destroying us.

We have lost too many. Fear did not protect us. Fear made
them hate us more. Charon, in this you failed us.

You emerge into a corridor that seems as if it were taken
directly from a hospital. The walls are green, as is the tile of the
floor. The light is dim and eerie, but omnipresent. Sound ech-
oes long and low here. Each footfall resounds like the opening
gust of a storm. At the end of the hallway are swinging doors, as
‘one might see in a hospital. A slight breeze forces them to sway,
back and forth, as you approach. A babble of voices wafts on
that breeze — voices and the screams and moans of men in un-
endurable pain. A scent of chloroform, of gangrene, of blood
and death drifts past you.

This the Door of the Second Lie. You have been here be-
fore. All the Restless Dead have journeyed here, and all have
forgotten the way. Treasure what you learn here, for no others
know what you shall.

Charon stands outside a small dwelling on an isle in the River of
Death. A few frail trees grow by the waterside, but nothing else grows

here. The island itself is mud and stone, and the river that flows past is —
dirty with the filth of a storm. Charon wears no mask and does not
carry his scythe. To all appearances, he is merely a wraith, and a weary
one at that.

He raps on the door. After a moment, Minos answers. "My
lord," the Mnemos says without inflection. "You honor me with
your presence."

"Minos, the honor is mine. May I enter?" Charon stands outside with
all due formality until Minos bows, then steps away from the entrance.

Inside, the room is sparsely furnished. A door leads to another
chamber; neither Charon nor Minos so much as acknowledge it.

"To what do I owe this honor, Charon?" says Minos, still scand-
ing formally. Charon seats himself on a stool. "You're not due for an-
other session with me for three months, and then at the Onyx Tower.
Though considering recent events, I cannot see the harm in starting
early." He takes a step toward Charon, hands extended.

The Emperor of the Dead shakes his head to the negative. "I'm
afraid that's not it, Minos. Do you know what's been happening out
there? The civil war?"

Minos stops and looks thoughtful. "I understand two of your
Deathlords grew impatient and tried to seize power."

"One. The Skeletal Lord acted on my orders, more or less. But ;
the wounds that this has left will take a long time to heal. A very long
time. And according to the Augur, I don't have a long time anymore."
A self-deprecating smile crosses his face. "We have a year, Minos.
Give or take a dozen, we've found the year."

Minos sits, ashen-faced. "It's to be that soon? How long until |

your return? What does this have to do with your visit? We're not
ready yet; I need to recruit perhaps a dozen more. There are still three
centuries we haven't touched—"

Charon holds up a warning hand. "Peace. All will be taken care
of, 1am sure. Phaedra is most capable, and you know the trust I place
in you. No, I am here because if we do not concern ourselves with
another matter, all the long years of sacrifice will not matter."

Minos grows suddenly alert, suddenly fearful. "What else must
you have me do?"

"Allin good time. The Empire is split. It has made war upon
itself. Rebels have held the Agora. The other Legions do not trust
the Grim. And if I vanish with all of these wounds still raw... ffft."
He spreads his hands. "And there has been too much pain to for-
give, Minos. They do not want to heal, so long as they remember
what has been done."

Minos smiles bitterly. "So if they cannot forgive, they must for-
get? And so the hated Mnemoi must save the Empire again?" He laughs |
bitterly. "Do you think they will appreciate the jest?"

Charon stands. "Whatever resources you need are at your dis-
posal. If necessary, I will personally enthrall Ember and watch over
him. Just tell me what you require."

Minos stares at him for a moment without smiling. "You already
owe me too much, Charon. The bill cannot ever be paid." He opens
the door with grace and an economy of motion. "Send me Nhudri to-
morrow. We will deliver you from your Senators." )

Charon leaves, and the door closes. The Emperor of the Dead
turns to go, and chooses resolutely not to hear the weeping coming from
the closed door behind him.

And so with Lord Nhudri Minos toiled, and brought forth
Memory Shards that would steal the memories of the great war
of the dead. With the assistance of the Unlidded Eye and many
others whom Charon pressed into service, the recollection of

Guildbook Mnemoi 119


that time faded from every wraith in Stygia, and many beyond.
Those who aided the Mnemoi had their own memories cleansed
and so on, until such time as only Charon and Minos knew
what had been done.

The corridor before you is short and without light. The stone
of the floor is cold beneath your bare feet. There is no sound and
no breeze, only a massive iron door that you somehow know is
there. You find yourself unwilling to open it, but this is the last
step. Take it, or dwell forever in the past.

This is the Last Door, the Door of Storm and Sorrow. It is
tomorrow's Door.

Minos sits before the Greater Palace of memory. It is a magnifi-
cent structure of columns and spires, dungeons and courtyards. It is a
faerie dream of excellence that nevertheless looks strong enough to outlast
the ages. And in places, here and there, it glows from within.

"It should all be glowing," says Minos faintly. "Alll of it."

"I know, Minos," says the Lady of Fate, not without sympathy.

"We tried so hard. We taught them so much. Where did they all go?"

"To the forges, or to Oblivion, or beyond even my reach. But
they are gone."

Minos looks up at her, his mask of command shattered. "Is it enough?"

"I donot know," she says, averting her face. "Make ready your people.
It will be tomorrow, or the day after, and you shall have your redemption."

But she does know, and Minos knows why she turned her face
away. Still, he has come too far to abandon hope now, and so he will
gather his people and journey to the heart of the Empire that despises
him so that he might try to save it.

And the last door shuts behind you, and you know all that
you must know.

The hour grows late, and I must depart. Remember Minos
kindly, friends, and his works and deeds. Scribe them down on
stone or parchment, and trust not the feeble mind to hold them.
The storm is coming, and even memories will be lost if you do
not protect them well.

Guard them better than I did, I pray you. Now go.

Those Who Rementber:

Mnemos Society
What Are They Doing?

The Mnemoi are one of the greatest mysteries in Stygia.
Everyone knows that they did something, but blessed few can
remember exactly what it was. Everyone knows that they're ter-
tifying, but no one can say exactly how. Everyone knows that
they're extinct, or nearly so, and yet the Legions are always on
the lookout for them.

It's a curious dichotomy, and one those who dwell in Stygia
are careful not to examine too closely. After all, they're afraid of
what they might find if they do.

The Great Secret

In so many words, everything Stygia knows about the
Mnemoi is a lie. They did not betray the Empire or Charon,


they never were corrupt and the litany of their hideous crimes
is so much fiction. Rather, they have sacrificed everything, in-
cluding many of their own number, in attempt to safeguard the
Empire from itself.

The Mnemoi hold the key to Stygia itself: Charon's memo-
ries. Long ago, when Charon was first told of his inevitable de-
struction at the hands of Gorool, he arrived at a contingency
plan. The plan was simple: The Mnemoi would hold his memo-
ties against his eventual return from the Skinlands, thus allow-
ing him to take up his old mantle with all his ancient powers
and experience, but with a soul refreshed from time among the
living. In the meantime, the Mnemoi had to be exiled for safe-
keeping, lest any of the Deathlords or Guildmasters get tempted
to adopt any of Charon's knowledge for their own. Thus was
created the plan for blackening the Mnemoi's name, placing them
so far beyond the pale of Stygian society that none would seek
them out and possibly learn their secret. The Mnemoi consented,
sacrificed many of their best to cement the credibility of the
fraud, and vanished into the shadows of the Underworld.

And so the Mnemoi have endured calumny and persecution
for centuries, patiently waiting for Charon's descent and return.
They have mourned those of their number whom they have lost,
recruited deliberately to continue their great work, and carried
on. In the end, they believe that the preservation of Stygia from
Oblivion will be worth all that they have suffered.

The rest of Stygia can only pray that they are correct, and
that the Mnemoi will forgive acts of persecution performed in
ignorance. It is a certainty that they will never, ever forget.

Structure

The Mnemoi have a structure that is tyrannical in the Clas-
sical sense. They are a people under siege, and as such have little
room for dissension or confusion of purpose. They do not have
the luxury of debate, only the harsh taskmaster of necessity.

On the other hand, the Mnemoi are one of the most disorga-
nized guild, at least from an outside observer's perspective. The
Mnemoi go where they want without a complicated system of
ranks and titles. The secret lies in each and every Mnemos' devo-
tion to duty and ability to self-motivate. All learn during their
time at the Academies what they must do and how they must do
it, and they take that responsibility seriously. The Mnemoi do not
need titles to make them aware of honor and duty; they under-
stand those things naturally.

Minos Tyrantnos

The lord and undisputed master of the Mnemoi is Minos.
He is the eldest, he is the one closest to Charon's counsels,
and he is the one who gives the Guild its strength of purpose.
Any who flag in their devotion find themselves sternly re-
minded by the Guildmaster himself. Any who betray the cause
meet his wrath.

Minos is harsh but fair in the administration of the Guild.
He does not seek to recruit any who cannot endure the price of
being Mnemos, and regrets bitterly the cost his followers have
paid over the centuries for the sake of Charon's great deception.
Still, he is the Tyrant of the Guild, alone and unchallenged, and
with him rests power unquestioned. Should he decide that a
Mnemos needs to be destroyed, it is done, quickly and without

any questioning. His favor is sought but not toadied after; he
has little use for sycophants. Indeed, Minos himself is utterly
devoted to duty, and he has done his best to shape the guild in
his own image.

Phaedra, the Teacher

Phaedra is the only wraith in the Guild who can stand up
to and perhaps occasionally intimidate even Minos. She handles
many of the night-to-night operations of the Guild, from re-
cruiting to Academy assignments, and also spends as much time
in the field as possible. She tries to oversee at least part of the
instruction of each new student personally, but her duties are so
many and so pressing that she does not always succeed. While
Phaedra must ultimately give way to Minos, all other Mnemoi
bow to her authority. Many regard her as more worthy to run
the Guild than Minos is.

qhe Ancients

The Ancients is an epithet, possibly a derisive one, for those
Mnemoi who can still remember when the Guild was honored
in Stygia. They are prone to waxing rhapsodic about the place
of glory Mnemoi once held, talk about the nobility of wraiths
like Pallonius and Almanzar and generally let the newest crop
of Mnemoi know that they simply don't measure up. On the
other hand, the Ancients know exactly what they've given up
to be Mnemoi, which is something that separates them, by a
wide gulf, from their younger brethren. As such, the younger
Mnemoi tend to cut the Ancients some slack, but not as much
as one might think.

The Ancients also are among those few wraiths who can
alter the Greater Palace, and whose counsel Minos and Phaedra
heed. Many still have contacts among the Legions and Guilds,
should it become necessary to activate those arrangements.
Others have knowledges of many Arcanoi, making them fear-
some opponents when angered, and useful assets to the Guild
as a whole.

qhe Wandering Ones

Phaedra's squad of Reapers and recruiters are unofficially
known as the Wandering Ones. They never stay in one place for
very long, preferring instead to move around as much as possible
They stay in more or less constant contact with Phaedra through
a network of messengers and signs, however, so that she can al-
ways reach one in a pinch.

The Wandering Ones do a great deal of scouting for the Guild,
and also bring back regular reports on the state of the Legions, the
other Dark Kingdoms and the other Guilds. They are the eyes

and ears of the Mnemoi, for after all, it wouldn't do for the Guild ()*

to miss Charon's return.

Hermits

Many Mnemoi simply prefer silence, solitude and safety. They
hie themselves off into the wilderness of the Underworld, taking
occasional Academy students but otherwise absenting themselves
from all company. Only those who know how to read the Greater
Palace know how many hermits there are, and Minos likes it that
way. The more widely scattered the hermits are, the less likely
they are to expose themselves to Stygian persecution.

Guildbook Mnemoi 121


Many hermits do a side business in memory work, particu-
larly for Renegade and Heretic groups. However, these wraiths
also work hard to create for themselves an aura of fear and fore-
boding, making the times when someone knocks on their door
infrequent. Such Mnemoi are not above borrowing memories of
horrible punishments from others of their kind and imposing
those memories subtly on patients, the better to instill a proper
terror of the Mnemos.

Memory Pushers

A relatively modern development, memory pushers are
Mnemoi who work their way into the underside of Stygian soci-
ety. They move much like the Wandering Ones do, but at a much
slower pace. Generally a pusher sets up shop, builds a clientele
that trusts him, then moves on before the heat descends. Such
pushers have irregular circuits that they follow, trying to avoid
stepping on one another's toes and always making sure to keep a
relatively low profile.

Pushers serve another purpose. Every client they get is a
potential blackmail victim, a back door into Stygia and a poten-
tial ally when it comes time for the Mnemoi to reveal them-
selves. Scrupulous lists of pushers' customers are kept in safe lo-
cations, so that should the Guild need to exploit one of these
weaknesses (say, to rescue a captured Mnemos), the informa-
tion is accessible and concise.

Pushers are the face of the Guild to Stygia these days, shady
little men in dirty little haunts pushing tawdry little memories. This

122

Ends of Empire

wi

y
NY Z I, Dageme

S

nN

~

is what the Guild's proud tradition has come to in the minds of the
Stygian populace, those who don't dismiss memory pushers as fic
tional creations. The deception pains Minos, but he recognizes the
necessity. As for the pushers themselves, they seem to enjoy it. Many
even make unofficial alliances with street-level Spooks and Sandmen,
always careful not to say too much about who they really are.

Runaways

Unfortunately, the screening process is never perfect. Some
bad eggs always slip through. These souls become runaways. Most
have a smattering of knowledge of Mnemosynis, but no real train-
ing in Memory Palace construction. As such, they become low-
grade memory pushers with unstable Palaces, running far and fast
until they inevitably devolve into insanity or are caught. Runaways
are generally desperate soul; they know that they are friendless.
Neither the Mnemoi nor Stygia will harbor a runaway, and luck's
not likely to be any better with the Underworld's other factions. So
the runaways run, and keep running until they can't run anymore.

The Mnemoi's parasitic relationship with the Monitors means
that the Guild has any number of Lifeweb specialists, and these
are brought to bear to track runaways. A Mnemos who avoids the
Guild for long is a truly exceptional wraith indeed.

Becoming Mnemoi

The Mnemoi cling to tradition, not ritual and ceremony. As
a result, they do not have elaborate initiations, apprenticeships,


Guildhouses or really any other trappings one normally associates
with the Guilds. Instead, they keep their formalities and their
gatherings to a minimum, the better to stay hidden and protected.

Recruitment

The Mnemoi recruit from two distinct classes of wraith:
Enfants who have not had time to learn the standard Stygian preju-
dice against the Mnemoi, and long-time denizens of Stygia who
have proved themselves to be utterly devoted to the Empire and,
in many cases, Charon himself. Wraiths who fall in between these
two categories generally know too much about the Mnemoi's repu-
tation to fall in with them, but don't have the required sense of
duty to cast off what they know and accept the Mnemoi's burden.

Phaedra isin charge of bringing new Mnemot into the fold,
albeit occasionally Minos will either veto a candidate or suggest
one. She spends much of her time moving through the various
Necropoli and Stygia, checking on candidates both living and dead.
On occasion, the Mnemoi will target someone from birth, biding
their time patiently until death claims him. Despite Phaedra's role
as the overseer of all recruiting, she rarely tackles the hands-on
work. She's simply too valuable to risk in that capacity. Other
Mnemoi serve as intermediaries, recruiters and Reapers.

The process is easier for new recruits, who are Reaped, taken
toa place of safety, and inculcated with the Mnemoi's history and
mission. If they seem amenable, they commence training at one
of the Academies. If not, their memories of the encounter are
destroyed, while they themselves are smuggled to a nearby
Wecropclisand hopetallysetery:

Recruiting an older wraith is a slower, more delicate process.
Initial contact is generally made through a series of "chance" en-
counters, conversations and notes left where the intended recruit
can find them. All are directed toward gauging the strength of
the wraith's commitment to Stygia and Charon, and to the spirit
of what the Empire theoretically stands for as opposed to the soul-
less laws and regulations that govern it. If the target seems recep-
tive, eventually the Mnemos arranges a private meeting. Any at-
tempt by the wraith to bring others to the meeting or even tell
anyone else about it cancels the rendezvous, and may bring some
form of retribution.

The meeting itself is generally brief. The Mnemos uses
Memory Shard to make all of his points, then offers the recruit the
chance to become Mnemoi. If he accepts, the two vanish into the
night, and the training process begins. If not, the Mnemos uses
whatever means are necessary to maintain the Guild's secrecy.

failures

Not every recruit makes a y run

the task. The way the t ailutes vatic

Anemoi wipe the unt m nev

and the flake

me the raw stuff of

ones, and send hin

yuts, however, are ni

Memory Shards and which
is unknown t
Minos and h

seriously indeed

The Academies and Training

The term "Academies" conjures to mind images of formal
schools, headmasters, desks and group lectures. Nothing could be
further from the truth. Instead, the Academies are courses of study
in the arts of Mnemosynis, deception, subterfuge, duty, loyalty,
history and working with the very stuff of memories. The young
Mnemos is passed from teacher to teacher throughout the Guild,
never staying longer than a few months with a given tutor before
moving on to another. At any given time, there is a dizzying dance
of apprenticeships and trades going on, making it nigh impossible
for an outsider to get an accurate picture of what's going on.

Sooner or later, a Mnemds finds one teacher who works well
with her. That teacher is responsible for the remainder of the
Mnemos' training, up through initiation. In theory, it is this teacher,
called a sponsor, who is responsible for teaching the Mnemos the
ways of Memory Palace construction Any failure of the student
teflects back on the sponsor, and Minos has been known to make
his displeasure at lapses in training known with some emphasis.

Time in the Academies (the name is apparently a canard,
created to send witch-hunting Legionnaires off on a wild goose
chase to find a Greek temple filled with rows upon rows of eager
young Mnemoi) ranges from a de
short. Phaedra, who oversees the Academies as well, feels that it
is better to err on the side of caution in matters of training. Fur-
thermore, any Mnemos who's too impatient to finish his training
cannot be trusted with the secret of centuries.

Initiation

Minos carries within himself the bulk of Charon's memories.
He does so for a variety of reasons: He has the capacity to do so,
he does not want to risk spreading the memories any thinner than
necessary, he perhaps does not trust his disciples as much as he
should, and he, of all the Mnemoi, is least likely to encounter a
mishap. While there is some weight to many of these arguments,
Minos steadfastly claims that he looks forward to the day when

he can unburden himself of many of these recollections, and make
them another's burden.

ade to a century, but is never

The day a Mnemos receives his share of the memories of the
Emperor is one‘of the proudest of his The cieual ise
simple, spare one, performed in some out of the way location. Not
for the Mnemoi are the temples of the Oracles, or the massive
Guildhouses of the Pardoners. They are a fugitive lot, and take
their moments of solemnity where they can find them. Usually
there are but a mere handful of Mnemoi present; the fewer there
are in a given place at a given time, the less chance that those
gathered will be captured and destroyed en masse. Under normal
circumstances, those in attendance include either Minos or
Phaedra, the initiate's sponsor into the Guild, and as many as
three witnesses. The witnesses stand in a semicircular are behind
the initiate while the leader of the ceremony tells the fledgling
Mnemos the story of the Guild — its history, its secrets and its
mission for the future. No Mnemosynis powers are used, as a sym-
bolic reminder of the oral tradition from which the Guild's an-
cients sprung. The initiate is required to repeat a section of the
lecture, one of the initiator's choosing, verbatim. If he fails, the
ceremony is over and he is taken off for more study at the Acad-
emies; if he succeeds he joins the ranks of the Muemoi.

xistenc

At this point, the Mnemos' sponsor steps forward, to speak
about her protégé. She has as long as she needs to explain her

Guildbook Mnemoi 123


y

Ss

CN ree ///

/ HS .
J //)/ ARM
charge, and in one memorable case Phaedra herself took three
days to extol the virtues of ansinitiate to the obviously displeased
Minos. Still, tradition is tradition, and the sponsor cannot be in-
terrupted while she speaks.

At the end of her monologue, the initiator chooses which of
Charon's memories to bestow on the new Mnemos. In theory the

Charon s Memories

Normally the Mnemoi can duplicate memories from
one to another, creating a network of redundant back
ups for things they need to have preserved. Unfortu
nately, Charon's memories are atypical in this regard. For
whatever reason, they simply refuse to rest in more than
one place at a time. As soon as Minos or Phaedra do:
nates a memory to a new Mnemos, it leaves the original
possessor's head forever. Moreover, it requires one of
those two worthies to take one of Charon's memories
out of a Mnemos to place it in emory Golem or other
storage device for safekeepin

Incidentally, the block on Memory Palaces can in fact
be broken, but at a hideous cost. The attempt costs 7 Perma
nent Willpower points, and requires a roll (difficulty 9)

gainst the wraith's new Willpower rating. A failure dumps
the wraith into a Destruction Harrowing. A botch means

instant annihilation:

124 Ends of Empire

choice is influenced by the presentation speech, but in practice
Minos and Phaedra have a pretty good bead on their subordinates
and know what the newcomer is likely to be able to handle. The
transfer itself is brief and unspectacular-looking; the memory sim-
ply moves from one mind to another, and is crafted into a small,
self-contained Memory Palace by the wraith bestowing it

The final stage in the process is perhaps the most important
and dangerous one. Minos recognized a long time ago that he and
Phaedra would inevitably make mistakes in the recruitment pro-
cess, and that some who were unworthy would somehow slip
Minos in particular worried about the idea of

through the crac
a traitor Mnemos selling his share of Charon's memories to a
Deathlord, unraveling the whole plan and causing chaos. As a
result, the eldest of the Mnemoi developed a method by which a
Memory Palace could be sealed off from any intrusion save that of
the one who had built it. Try as he might, the initiate will never
be able to access that Palace. Minos and Phaedra are the only
Mnemoi with knowledge of this art, and they only use it to seal
off Charon's memories. Both Mnemoi are well-aware of the po-
tential for abuse of this sort of thing, and they do not use it lightly.
Of course, that doesn't stop rumors from spreading that either or
both have on occasion sneaked into Stygia to mess about with
the heads of various Deathlords, but such rumors have been around
as long as Minos has. An oath of silence is solemnly, albeit briefly
administered, and that's that

When the ceremony of initiation ends, all concerned simply
go their own ways in silence. There is no celebration, no secret sigil


given, just a recognition that the newcomer has taken his place in
the ranks of those who are essentially Stygia's last, best hope.

On Their Own

Mnemoi who have passed their initiation are free to do what-
ever they please, so long as they maintain some form of contact
with Minos and Phaedra, don't expose the Guild and otherwise
don't behave in a reprehensible and stupid manner. Most flit from
Necropolis to Necropolis, and Renegade band to Heretic cult,
selling their services briefly and then vanishing. Others infiltrate
the Monitors or even the Legions, trying to keep an eye on the
Stygian situation so as to prepare the Guild for the day when it
will be needed. Mnemoi who are taking part in one of the Acad-
emies don't take such hazardous pursuits; the presence of an ap-
prentice is often difficult to explain away.

Many Mnemoi maintain haunts in the hinterlands of the
Underworld, along the River of Death or in other inhospitable
places. Such domiciles quickly get reputations for being unlucky
places to disturb, though a few Mnemoi run memory pushing
businesses from such outposts. Smart Renegades and Heretics
know not to get too nosy, however, and generally the Mnemoi
are left alone.

Finding Devices

While the Mnemoi aren't much for the gadgets and gew-
gaws, they do occasionally require Memory Shards and Fragments,
and even the occasional Memory Golem. These devices are kept
in the hands of the Ancients, who alone have the secret of craft-
ing them. Many of the Ancients have retired to hermit status, so
the majority of the younger Mnemoi know where to go to get
what they need, if necessary.

Talking With Others

It is certain that not everyone in Stygia is taken in by
the Mnemoi's self-defacement. It is definite that the Ladies
of Fate are not at all taken in; after all, they helped arrange
or at least precipitate the whole affair. There are probably
others among the Guilds and the highest echelons of power
who have some inkling of the truth, and Minos is extremely
wary of how much the Smiling Lord knows. After all, it was
the Grim Legion that began the persecutions of the Mnemoi;
Charon's original plan was simply to make them untouch-
able. (Or perhaps Charon's Shadow is to blame, whispers Minos'
darker half in the small hours of the night. Perhaps he wanted
to fail...)

It also seems likely that some, if not all of the Unlidded Eye
knows what's going on, as do many of the Ferrymen. Still, each group
keeps its own counsel, perhaps awaiting the day of the return.

Silence and the Oath

Astonishingly enough, the Mnemoi's secret has remained
extremely well-kept for all of these centuries. Part of that comes
from the fact that few Grim Legion troops will give a Mnemos the
time to surrender before stomping him into a puddle of moaning
plasm, but much of the ironclad nature of the Mnemo's secret
comes from other sources.

One is the fact that all of the Mnemoi who make it through
initiation (and subsequently take an oath of silence) theoreti-
cally know what they're carrying and how important it is to


keep secret. They have been trained to resist torture, to de-
fend themselves and if possible to seek Harrowings or even
destruction before relenting. Captured Mnemoi have taken the
worst the Artificers have to offer (and that's bad indeed) and
not said a word.

The other safeguard that the Mnemoi have is the fact that
they simply can't prove the secret, even if they break silence. A
captured, battered Mnemos who claims that he's really protecting
Charon's memories, which he can't access but keeps locked up ina
palace inside his head, is going to be forged for either a lunatic or a
bad liar. The story is simply too implausible for the wraith in the
street to accept without proof. Even if the Mnemos' captors are
inclined to give him a chance to prove the idea, the best he can do
is try to break the block on the Memory Palace and destroy himself.
A few enterprising traitors have tried to lead Legion detachments
to Minos' dwelling, but somehow the traitor always forgets the way
en route. The fact that the assault team in such cases always seems
to include a Monitor, or at least a wraith who looks like one, doesn't
strike anyone as more than a coincidence.

And that's before one factors in creative use of
Mnemosynis on the part of the Mnemos himself to ensure
that he can't talk.

Memories interpreted
The Factions

The Underworld has ever been pulled three ways at once,
each side straining against the others and the steady tug of
Oblivion. It is sad, but sadly human that when faced with a foe
that requires all of their strength to withstand, the Restless Dead
have instead chosen to turn their attentions on one another.

Heretics

"All of this is punishment for your sins!" shouts the white-haired
man in the town square of the Necropolis. "You have sinned against
God and must be punished, and that is why you are here, to expurgate
your sins! To pay for your crimes!"

A crowd drifts closer, intrigued by the possibility of entertainment.
Nosane wraith believes he is truly damned — the immediacy of Oblivion
tends to supplant tales of a distant Heaven and Hell — but there is
much amusement to be had in hearing the calls of those who do believe.

"You will all be made to suffer unless you repent. You will all be
trapped here forever unless you abandon your wicked ways!"

I make my way through the crowd with half an ear on the Heretic's
rantings. He is following the usual pattern, albeit he seems less fixated
on personal power than most. Perhaps he truly does believe.

"If you do not repent now, you will learn what it is to suffer the
wrath of the living God!"

The final phrase stirs a spark of anger within me. I have no idea
why. I simply step out of the crowd and catch the old man's face be-
tween my hands. "This is what it is to suffer," I say, and feed him my
memory of the time I was tossed into a barghest pen for sport. He
screams and collapses. I continue on my way. Behind me, the crowd
disperses. By tomorrow, they'll forget | was ever here.

One must admire Heretics' faith in the face of all logic. Clearly,
if any of their ridiculous cults held any fraction of truth, they wouldn't

Ends of Empire

still be here in the misery of the Underworld. And yet they persist
with their sometimes touching, sometimes dangerous delusions.

Heretic groups are always willing to shield a new convert,
which has rendered them of much assistance to us over the years.
On the other hand, extracting that "convert" afterward can be
more than a little difficult.

Renegades

The Agora is blocked by barricades 20 feet high, made of piled
debris and rubble. Behind the crest rebel banners wave, held by men
and women who should have put their resources to better use. The
Smiling Lord is coming for them now, coming with all his strength, and
they will be swept away like dry leaves in a strong wind. No one will
remember this day, or that they occupied the marketplace of Stygia. No
one will remember their sacrifice or their losses.

That is why I am here. For in the end, while I will not be able
share what I learn this day, I can at least be their memorial.

Are we not Renegades of a sort? One can admire the spirit of
rebellion without agreeing with it. Bravo to those Renegades who
strive to make the Underworld a better place. Alas for those who
would tear down all we've sacrificed for, and who have yet to real-
ize that something must replace it.

The hierarchy

"Is this worth saving, Charon?" Minos strides back in forth in the
bare room that fills the 17th floor of the Onyx Tower. "All of this
bureaucracy and busywork?"

Charon is seated, incongruously, on the table in the center of the
room. His feet dangle off the side, his sandals flapping loosely against
his feet. "I've often asked myself the same question, Minos, and the
answer I keep on coming to is that there's nothing better. It needs to be
saved just to keep things from getting worse."

Minos starts to speak, and Charon hushes him. "Don't start
with me, Minos. There's too much inertia here for me to make the
sort of sweeping reform you'd love. It would be too much of a shock,
and I'd lose a million souls in the chaos. Besides, that's if the reforms
even take. If they fail, we're all worse off than we were before. No,
this is the only way."

He jumps down from the table, the slap of his feet loud on the
floor. "So I ask you, old friend, will you help me? I know what I'm
asking of you, and I don't ask it lightly. All 1 can promise, according to
the Oracles, is a better place for all of us in the end. Is that enough?"

Minos closes his eyes and thinks. It is not enough, he hears
himself say. But it will have to do.

Surely the Lady of Fate holds sway over irony as well. We
have given all for the sake of preserving the Hierarchy in its last
hour, and yet it has been unrelenting in its persecution of us. The
Smiling Lord in particular has hounded us; could he possibly have
known why he hated us so? It does not matter. We suffer for the
Hierarchy, and do so willingly. Do not make us out as martyrs to
Stygia; rather we are those who have chosen a hard road so that
millions of souls might have an easier one.

qhe Guilds

We do not necessarily hold the most accurate opinions of
our fellow Guilds, if in fact they can still be called our fellows. We
have been exiled from their company even as they have been
exiled themselves, and are at some remove from their most recent

tendencies. Only Phaedra and some of her disciples know them
well enough in these dark times to comment. Still, enough re-
membrances of what was linger, and | will share them with you.

Harbingers

A ship rides the waves of the eternal storm, but not for much
longer. Its mast is broken, and its crew has abandoned hope. All around,
the Spectres howl their glee. Soon the hull will splinter and the souls on
board will descend into the Labyrinth.

Suddenly, there is a beacon of light. Dancing on the winds of the
storm, a man with jet-black eyes breaches the clouds. "Hang on!" he
says. "Help is here," and he darts down on angel's wings to where the
vessel rides the crest of a wave. The three wraiths who remain on board
struggle to the prow of the ship, to greet their rescuer. He sees them and
offers a hand to the first, who clasps it eagerly. "More help is on the
way," he says cheerily, and speeds off into the storm. "Always glad to
help out the fine fellows of the Monitors' Guild."

Later, the Harbinger will learn that no Monitors match the de-
scription of the wraiths he helped to rescue. He will decide that he has
been tricked, and that he must be more careful in his missions of
mercy, lest he inadvertently rescue "undesirables." Eventually he
aborts a rescue, and abandons travelers to the Tempest. "I am cer-
tain they were disguised Spectres," he says when called to task by his
superiors. "Quite certain."

The Harbingers are noble, but limited. They do not see that
the destination can matter as well as the journey, and that the
speed of the journey is less important in many cases than what is
seen along the way. They mean well, and do much good in the
Underworld, but their own limitations deny them greatness.
Artiers

The Three stand in conversation, purposely distancing themselves
from the other wraiths around them. Their discussion is animated and
heated. Smoke, the youngest of the Three, is furious.

"This is madness," he says. "We were never meant for such things,
we were never trained for such things. Return to the forges with me.
Let Master Nhudri and honest toil burn this ambition out of you. It will
lead us all to disaster if unquenched."

The younger Artificers in the workshop pretend not to hear. Some
lose themselves in the sound of hammer on soulsteel. Others quench
newly forged swords in buckets of plasm, allowing the hiss of steam to
obscure both sight and sound.

The wraith who would someday be called Lord Ember merely sits
at his post at the bellows and watches. He is old, but not so old as the
Three, and he is a man to watch in the Guild. There are great things in
his future. Even Master Nhudri has said so. But Ember can never rise
any higher so long as there are Three before him, and so he sits and
watches, and begins to hope.

Macabah, the only woman among the Three, replies angrily to Smoke,
"He is a fool," she says, "and cannot see what must be done to save Stygia.
Only by acting can they do what must be done for the sake of al of the Dead."

Ember sits and watches. Later in the day he will walk with Smoke,
and their path will take them past a shop wherein sits an old man with one
green eye. The eye blazes briefly when the two soulforgers walk past.

It is not many more months until the Guilds revolt, until Smoke
and Macabah and Ferrum are dust beneath Charon's heel. Perhaps
Ember — Lord Ember now — took his predecessor past that shop for a
reason. Perhaps not. But Ember now stands in Smoke's place, and in
the end that is all that matters.

As Charon to Stygia, so are the Artificers to the Guilds. I
think they see us as a fiefdom, perhaps to rally against those who §
have wronged us all. I like to think that Lord Ember has grown
wiser than that, but time will tell. In the meanwhile, the Artifi-
cers work openly in the great city, with no one the wiser, and it ©
makes me laugh. Deception and invisibility are the very air that |
Stygia breathes.

Solicitors

"We can make Charon reverse his decision. It will be difficult,
and it will be expensive, but it can be done." Salazaar, the head of the
Solicitors' negotiating team sits at the head of the table wearing a pen-
sive expression. "I cannot tell you the cost at the moment, for we have
only dreamed of doing something on this scale, and never planned it."
He permits himself a small chuckle. "Or budgeted it, either." 4

Salazar is an old man dressed in Spanish style, with a neatly
trimmed white beard that emphasizes the sharp angles of his face.
Behind him stand others of his Guild, hard-eyed men with hawklike
faces, all of them. Each bears the glowing green eye that is the Guild's)
sign, a sign that no one has yet been able to disguise save beneath the)
rags of the blind beggar. .

Minos sits at the other end of the table, cloaked in majesty and >
suspicion. He is alone. Phaedra was called to this meeting, but would
not come. Her anger with Minos is still too fresh. "It is a generous
offer," Minos says. "But I wonder what I have done to earn your sud-
den generosity, Don Salazaar."

"You? Nothing." The Solicitor smiles without humor. "Your
damned judges and double-damned inquisitors have cost us many of
our finest. Were circumstances otherwise, I'd pump the bellows for
Nhudri just for the privilege of watching your transformation into a
paving stone. But we must deal with the circumstances at hand,
and the fact of the matter is that your banishment sets a bad, bad ©
precedent. Charon has never cared about corruption before — look
at the pack of thieves he's elevated to the Senate. I must confess I
was surprised to hear that our esteemed Judge of judges was among
those implicated, but never mind that. If Charon has a new love for |
law and honesty, that puts my people in a bad situation. If he can
banish a Guild based on evidence as flimsy as that brought against
you, then he can banish another one, and I can promise you that |)
we're his real target. You're the test case, dear Minos. If he suc-
ceeds with you, he can move against the more difficult target with
impunity. If he reverses your banishment, it's reconsideration of a
foolish policy move. If he exiles you and then recalls us, no matter
how subtle we are, someone will cry foul. No, this needs to stop
now if it will ever stop at all." .:

Minos closes his eyes. He wants to laugh, and he wants to cry,
and most of all he wants to take this arrogant braggart Salazaar and rip
every shred of memory out of his empty head and turn the shell loose for
the Drone-collectors. The Solicitors are the real target, indeed! Charon
would do well to banish that lot, true, but he'd do better to put them to }
use as girders or torches.

And with that, his decision is reaffirmed.

"No, Salazaar," he says. "I appreciate the generous offer, but should |
‘your attempt fail, it would only make matters worse for," he pauses for a
smile "me and mine. Besides, I think I will enjoy seeing your people |
banished, when Charon feels he has the strength to do so. Look for me in
the dark places when that day comes, Salazar. I'll be waiting for you."

The Solicitors are vipers, every one. What good is memory in
the face of false desire? What good can possibly come of their tal-
ents? They are Labyrinth-spawn, and not cleverly disguised, at that.

Guildbook Mnemoi 127


Masquers

"You are not imposing, Phaedra," says the small girl with the old,
old eyes. "We have been friends for a very long time, and it is my
pleasure to give you shelter even in the face of our Emperor's whims."

The slightly older girl opposite the table bows formally, making
obeisance in the Egyptian style she saw in her breathing days. "You are
too kind, my friend, to risk Charon's wrath for my sake."

The child makes a negligible gesture. Men armed and armored
like fantastic insects run out of the room. "Secure all of the gates to this
Guildhouse," she says. "Let no one who is not of our rank inside."

"No one, mistress?" asks one of the guards? "What if others of
her kind seek shelter?"

"Others of her kind can find their own damn shelter, I think," says the
girl, clearly upset. "If we try to save too many here, we will save none. Other
Guildhouses will rescue their share, but as of now, our doors are shut."

Phaedra's head bows, saddened by the inevitability of it all. Some
had to be sacrificed to start the great plan in motion, and now more
must be destroyed to allow it to survive. The wheels of fate are crushing
her students, her work, her friends.

The Masquer Guildmistress sees her distress. "I am sorry, Phaedra,"
she says softly. "Itis the only way." Charon and Minos had used those same
words. "And am sorry about Almanzar. Was— was it true, do you think?"

Now is the moment of decision. Now Phaedra can kill the new-
bom lie, the one Almangzar has already been destroyed for. Now she
can avenge him. She opens her mouth to speak.

"I... [did not know," is all she says, and falls silent.

Her friend coos to her, makes comforting noises. "I am so sorry,
Phaedra. So sorry. Now let me do what I can for you. Your face is
known to every Legionnaire and jackal in the empire. Let me hide you.
Iris the least I can do. The very least."

The Masquers have been among our best friends, though it
still shames me that we cannot share all that we know with them.
It is only with these wraiths that we have dared a little contact
with all we have left behind. Perhaps their goodwill shall sustain
us when circumstances force us to return. I cannot see another
way for us to do what must be done.

Usurers

A broken scale sits on a table. No one seems to notice. Two
men hover over a ledger while a woman paces at the far end of the
room. "It adds up," says the fairer ‘of the two men, with a note of
self-satisfaction in his voice. :

"Of course it adds up,"
Three need to be humbled. ;

thers, "It makes perfect sense. The

we just fade back into thés
go on as usual, and a

all of the hard fighting — ai
"What if they don't go throug
"Unlikely. Salazaar's been
"What if they almost succeet
to do something drastic?"

and Charon gets frightened enough

Ends of Empire

There is silence for a moment. Then the eecee: man laughs.
"Well, then he gets rid of more than three of the Artificers. No matter
what happens, if we bow out before the actual fighting starts, we're
safe as houses. It's in the numbers."

The human soul is nothing more than a resource to the Usu-
ters. Their approach dehumanizes even more than the Artificers'
does, for the soulforgers recognize that they are dealing with a
soul. To the Usurers, however, it is merely a collection of Pathos
and plasm that can be moved about as easily as you might move a
paper from one file to another. Falling in with them is dangerous;
understanding them even more so.

"The temples burn well. I am surprised."

Thus speaks Andreas Zywica, one of the Spooks who helped Charon
drive the Fishers from the Isle. He does not speak in anger or sorrow, but
merely with acceptance of the fact that places where once souls gathered
to worship bum well even here. He flexes the muscles of his right hand
unconsciously, perhaps recalling his part in setting those temples ablaze.

"It seems a pity, burning all of that," he continues. "Much of the
work was good, and many of the Artifacts could have been put to good
use elsewhere in the Empire. I am sure that even some of the Fishers
could have been redeemed, or at least made useful. But governance and
rage do not go well together, and so all of this burns. It makes me sad."

In the distance, Charon's soldiers are celebrating. At the waterfront,
Fishers hustle themselves onto boats and cast off quickly. Their path is lit by
the glow from the temples, but they do not look back. There is no one else
near where Zywica stands, however. To whom does he speak?

History? His prescience frightens me. Perhaps I will speak with him later.

Butit is not to be. Zywica is Shadow-eaten before I can find him,
and it is only with the greatest difficulty that I salvaged his thoughts
from this time. Mayhap it was meant to be.

But I still wish I could have spoken with him, to find out why he
held conversation with the empty night as the temples burned.

Do not listen to the Spooks when they put on their show of
ignorance. They may play at being thugs and bullies, but they are
wise and subtle, and have made few missteps over the centuries.
Fear them as you would fear few other enemies, for they are more
than what they seem.

Oracles

One very old ghost sits in a room full of scraps of paper and laughs
the laugh of a madman. It does not fit him very well, for he is not mad,
but he wishes he were. Others of his Guild are coming to visit him, and
he does not wish their company, so perhaps if they think him mad they
will flee in short order.

It is a vain hope, and he knows it. Even now, the first footsteps
approach. It is the First, her imperious tread tapping out staccato on the
cold stone floor. "I hear you have learned great things," she says, oblivi-
ous to the way in which her passage disrupts years' worth of careful ar-
rangements of prophecies on the wall. "What news do you have for us?"

"Your pardon, oh great one," he wheedles. "Perhaps it would be best if we
waited for the others, so that I did not have to tell the tale more than once?"

"You will tell the tale once," she says, "and we will not wait for
the others. Am I understood?"

Perfectly, the old man thinks, but it is not his place to judge. "Yes,"
is all he says, and he struggles to his feet as if for a recitation.

"Thave leamed the days of Charon's retum from the lands of the living."

"Days?" The First is furious. "Days? What is this? The man can
only die once!"

The old man smiles a gap-toothed smile. "I do not understand it
myself. There are good days for him to die and bad ones, though I am
not sure what the difference might be. But it still has not been decided
when he will rejoin us, save that it will be on one of these six days."

The First does not enjoy hearing this. "Find out which day is most
auspicious and let me know. Tell none of the others of this. You have
told me nothing." With that, she sweeps off in the direction from which
she came. The old man watches her go, then patiently rearranges his
prophecies and clucks his tongue against his cheek.

"Impatient little thing. Didn't even wait to hear that all of the
dates are within the year."

They are part and parcel of our great deception, though they
know it not. Most spend more time in the future or the past than
in the present, and as such they miss much of what they prophesy.
Heed them, but do not follow them. The impersonal Fate of which
they speak so often has very personal consequences for our kind, I
think.

Pardoners

Sister Acceptance wanders the Labyrinth, lanterns slung over her
shoulder. She meets no Spectres. She treads paths that have never been
trod before, smooth paths that have opened just for her. She seeks Charon
in the Labyrinth, and does not know that he is not there. She travels
ever deeper into the maze, and sees things that are beyond human imagi-
nation. She beholds the Neverborn where they slumber, but none of the
God-Kings of Oblivion's servants disturb her. She gazes on the Well of
the Void, and no voice beckons her to jump.

She wanders the Labyrinth, and the Labyrinth protects her. Even
at its darkest hour, when the storm will come, it will enfold her in safety,
in a way that it will not protect even its own best-loved children. For
Sister Acceptance gave the Labyrinth its beloved, even for a little while,
and it loves her for that. And what the Labyrinth loves, it keeps.

Forever.

The Pardoners know us too well. We worked with them for
many years, doing much good, and yet when the time came for us
to be outcast they were among the first to decry us. Long centu-
ries of shared labor meant nothing; they abandoned us in an hour
of need. And yet, their betrayal helped convince others that we
were traitors, and so all things come round in the end.

Puppeteers

"Are you certain we should be doing this?" comes the whisper
ihg anxiously at her patron in the

raith says, "because you're
Pingo clear matters up yourself
a simp haven't gotten the knack

for fine manipulation yer. Let me pitally honest: You'd probably
aa ye re before, and give your
Ho wever—," and he lets the

impers. Her eyes are unfocused,
ing to hold external and internal

Her mentor looks pensive for a moment, then folds his arms and

smiles. "Very good. You'll also be creating an evidence trail while you're |

down there, one that will force people to believe. The more people be-
lieve, the lower the Shroud gets, and the easier it will be for all of us.
When you Rise, you do the entire Guild a great service."

She stands now, afraid. "Evidence trail? Won't the Hierarchy find
me, then? Won't I be forged for breaking the Dictum Mortuum?"

"Hush," he says, and extends a calming hand. "No one will find
‘you, not if you are as good as your other teachers and I think you are.
Dare this, and a glorious future in the Guild awaits you."

She nods, shudders and decides. "All right. I'll ry. Wish me luck,"
she says almost shyly, and then she is gone.

Her teacher nods approvingly. Now it is time for him to distract

the local Legions from the bloody carnage he has unleashed on the
Skinlands. If she is good, and fast and lucky, she will return. And if

not, well, the Guild's purposes will have been served in any case.

They share many of the qualities of both the Proctors and
the Haunters, but the blend is an uneasy one. Their trips to the
Skinlands are fraught with envy and desire. They steal moments,
lives, souls, all for the moment's pleasure — the Proctors are more
innocent in their travels.

Haunters

The spiders crawl in and out, up and down. Marjorie watches

them from her bed. She daren't move anywhere else in the room, be- |

cause the spiders are there. She doesn't want to step on one, doesn't
want to feel the crunch of chitin under her bare foot, feel the ichor
seeping between her toes.

She knows that will happen. She's tried to leave three times. Each
time the spiders drove her back. They've climbed up the doorjamb and
turned the lock. They've pulled down the blinds. She is alone in the
dark, and the spiders won't let her go.

"Is this sort of thing truly necessary?" asks the observer, a brutish-
looking man in the garb of Roman Britain. He stares at the tableau
with an expression akin to disgust.

"Oh, certainly," his companion replies. He wears a laboratory
coat and tattered clothes beneath it; impossibly thick glasses sit on his
beaklike nose. "Soon she will die. We know this. And when she dies, 1
will Reap her, and make her one of us. Then she will assist me in doing
the same to others, and so on."

"And the point of all of this? Is this why you left us, so you could
play terror games with foolish girls without our interference? Pathetic."

"You're misunderstanding, Praetor Rufus. We do this for the best
of reasons. It's just that you're not privy to them."

Rufus sighs. "Ah, so it's alla big secret, then. Fine, I'll play along."

His voice takes on a sing-song quality, the type that adults use when
i

forced to play children's games. "When will I know?"
The Haunter giggles, a chilling sound. Marjorie hears it some-

how, and shrieks. The spiders redouble their activity. "Why, my dear }

Praetor, you'll learn when everyone else does. When it's too late"

Fear these souls. They stand before a great door guarded by
but a single lock, and have devoted themselves to the picking of
it. On the day that door swings wide, all the devastation that has
come before will seem as nothing.

Chanteurs

Miklos sits on a bench before the Onyx Tower and strums his lute.
Passersby gaze at him. A few throw relics or fractional oboli at his feet,
rewarding him the way they would reward an ordinary street musician.

Guildbook Mnemoi 129

)
om
al


Tt amuses Miklos to no end.

He often comes here to sit and play, and to watch the endless sea
that stretches off to the Far Shores. Once, a very long time ago, he
dreamed of taking that voyage, but that dream is long dead. Instead, he
comes here to mourn its death, and to give voice to that mourning.

Today he has a new composition to play, one that only he has
heard before. Miklos has spent the past year composing it, to the
exclusion of all other things. The Guild has carried on well enough
without him, he supposes. At least there haven't been any more
calls for revolution lately, and no one's tried to assassinate him in
years. It's a pleasant, lazy set of circumstances, one that he could
grow very used to.

But time is wasting, and he has a new song. Gently he launches
himself into the first, tentative chords, then as the music gains strength
he gives himself to it utterly. Tourists and sightseers stop in their tracks
and listen, entranced. He sings of loss and rage, of the battle which of
late they had all witnessed from this very spot. He sings of the heroism
of Charon and the power of his foe, and as the last notes drain away
softly on the breeze it seems to those who listen that they are losing their
Emperor all over again.

A young woman, tears in her eyes, comes up to where Miklos
sits. "That was beautiful," she says. "Thank you."

"You're quite welcome," he says with airy charm. "I am glad to
see that it pleased you thus."

"May I ask what the piece is called?" she asks.

"Of course. It's my Great Dirge."

"For Charon?"

"No, for Gorool." And he walks off, leaving the stunned silence
before they even begin to puzzle out what that might mean.

Beware those who would make themselves poet-kings, for
poets have no notion of kingship, and kings make poetry from the
deaths of their subjects. There is a great treachery here, a deep
and subtle one, and even I am not sure how far it goes.

Sandmen

A hundred wraiths sit, dreaming, in a single room. Alll show faces
of perfect peace and contentment, rare in the Underworld. All are
transported by the dreamweaver's art, while behind them, armed
Sandmen armored with tatters of dream stand guard over them.

"This lot would be easy pickings," one says, a woman with a scar
running diagonally across her face and a sword that bends at an impos-
sible angle. Around her feet, shreds of gossamer dance to a time signa-
ture that no orchestra ever played.

Her opposite number merely grunts. "Good thing we're so damn
honest, isn't it? Good thing they're willing to give up the prohibition on
Guilds when they want a night's entertainment. Good thing that you
and I would both end up as seat cushions if we tried anything."

She nods with mock sadness. "Too true. I wonder if they real-
ize how close they come to the edge, though, every time they give
themselves over to a dream? I hear stories that some of the big ones
can spin dreams they don't come back from. They hide the bodies
and claim the poor saps Transcended, but that doesn't play well on
the Isle either."

The other guard shrugs. "Don't know about that. I do know we've
got some permanent dreams set up, though. Ever been to the Horror
Show?" She nods to the negative. "Well, it lives up to its name. Mon-
sters and worse, all through it. I hear there are even some of the Guild
boys who've decided to stay inside permanently."

"So what is it?" she asks impatiently.

130 Ends of Empire

"Well-l-LLLLI," he says, and draws out the word to emphasize
his own importance, "if you ask me, it looks like a chunk of Labyrinth.
The Horror Show is a dry run for going in after the next Nhudri."

She stops, ponders, shakes her head. "Whatever. So what dream
you think they're getting tonight?"

We can sometimes craft falsehood from truth. The Sandmen
try to illustrate truth by means of falsehood. Both great under-
standing and great hatred have emerged from this dichotomy.
When the stars align properly, we can work in harness to create
miracles. When Fortune frowns upon us, the Sandmen are among
our worst enemies, and neither | nor any of our kind have the
knack of knowing when the signs are favorable.

Alchemists

"Come on, we've got to pack up." The tall woman, her face
pinched and contorted by worry, stands by the door of the laboratory.
Around her assistants pack alembics and siphons, fragile relic glass-
ware in a harsh world that was not kind to such.

"Why?" comes the response from a distracted apprentice, who
stands staring at something in a bowl. "Why now, when I'm so close?"

"Because," the woman says impatiently, "we have been banished.
Every man jack of us. While your nose was buried in that bowl, and I
was off in the Skinlands doing experiments on decay rates, our noble
masters decided to riot. His Imperial Majesty was most displeased, and
now me and thee and the rest of our noble Guild must go tagging along
after the Artificers when they leave." She speaks as one speaks to a
child, or an idiot.

"It's not fair," the young man says, finally turning from his
work. "Why should we have to move, when we didn't do anything?
I didn't march on the Onyx Tower. You didn't try to fight anyone.
Why should we have to go anywhere?" His face sets in a pout of
righteous indignation.

His companion merely shakes her head, and speaks with even
more exaggerated care. "Because we are part of a Guild. And all of the
Guilds, even the ‘we didn't do anything so be nice to us' Guilds, are
banished. Quod erat demonstrandum. And that is why I am leaving,
and Master Duncan is leaving, and Totila's batch from the next work-
room is leaving. You, of course, are welcome to stay, and when you
have been turned into a handsomely crafted desk ormament, one of us
shall sneak into Stygia in disguise and purchase you as a memento, to
remind us not to be flaming idiots."

He stands and looks at her, blinking twice. "I'll start packing."

She smiles. "Good boy."

Not quite the lapdogs others think them to be, the Alche-
mists nevertheless have always found themselves in an untenable
position. Their relationship with the Artificers has denied them
the standing they might otherwise have earned, while their im-
pact on the Skinlands has encouraged Stygia to look upon them
with a jaundiced eye. I think they would have preferred to be left
to their experiments, emerging once in a great while to share some
inconsequential advance with the rest of us. Alas for them that
Fate is not so kind.

Monitors

"So, do we have the whole list?" asked the head Monitor, a squat little
man named Alphonse who took entirely too much pleasure in his work.

"We do indeed," replied his assistant, a taller, thinner man named
Dietrich who was well on his way to acquiring his superiors attitude.
"One church, two children (now grown) and one bag of coin buried

in the backyard where no one's been able to find it in a dozen years
since he died."

Alphonse steepled his fingers and hummed. "Are you sure that's all
of them? We're not missing a wife, a home, a sword or a favorite toy?"

Dietrich shook his head. "Not a one. The wife died two years ago
and went straight into the Void. He frankly loathed the house, and
there's nothing else of his left on God's green earth. Truth be told, he
was the sort of fellow we ought to have been encouraging. Loved God,
his family and a nice pile of money." He laughed. Alphonse did not.

"Well, that's wonderful. He's a model citizen. However, he's also
annoyingly restrictive on our trade through his checkpoint, and has the
sort of sterling record that leads to swift promotion. If he isn't brought
to heel now, he may become unmanageable. Suggestions?"

Dietrich sucked air past his teeth. "Hmm. Well, we could tip some-
one off to the bag of money, which would no doubt get split up and send
our friend into a particularly unpleasant Harrowing."

"A good start. The children?"

"If we can't wait for them to die on their own, we can certainly
have them taken care of. I have some Puppeteers who owe me favors."

"Good, good. And the church?"

"Oh, don't ask me to destroy a church. That's a step I won't take."

Alphonse leaned forward, his face a mask of disappointment.
"That's unfortunate. Well, if you won't tempt God, perhaps you'll
at least think of a way to separate our little Centurion from that
church. Once he loses that connection, he's no longer fit for
Necropolis duty. Perhaps he'll make a deal to have a Fetter re-con-
nected, or perhaps he'll just attach himself to new duties. Either
way, he's no longer our problem." Deitrich nods eagerly, lapping up
the details of a modus operandi he has performed many times be-
fore. "But don't think I'll forget about this church business,"
Alphonse says. "God may forgive you for your piety. But these
days, you work for me."

The Monitors have always been petty. Handed the greatest
gift in the Underworld, they reduce it to a game of influences and
levers. Someday they will find a man who cannot be moved, and
they will suffer for it.

Proctors

Itis the day after the proclamation of the Dictum Mortuum. Deep
within one of the Monitors' oldest Guildhouses, dejection reigns.

"This is just a phase," counsels Terrence, one of the oldest of the
Proctors present. "Charon has had whims to this effect before, and
each was revoked in a few short years. He'll not deny his servants their
pleasures, lest he lose their allegiance."

"But what if he doesn't revoke it?" demands Adrienne, one of
the newest members of the Guild. "What if he keeps it in place, and
we can't do anything, and we wither? The other Guilds will grow
stronger, and we'll be forgotten, and before long we' ll just be trapped
down here muttering into Terrence's beard because we'll be too afraid
to try to do anything."

"Well, then, I must make sure my beard is well-groomed if you
are going to be muttering into it en masse," Terrence replies, and the

is general. "Adrienne, daughter, listen to me. We will always
visit the Skinlands, regardless of Charon's decree. We are drawn to
doing so and cannot resist. But this petty little law of his will fade, in
fact if not in writing. There are too many of us who cross the Shroud
regularly for him to have a hope of containing us all, and too many of
his loyal subjects want what we and the others can offer. No, this will
pass, I am certain of it. We simply must be patient."

Adrienne allows herself to be comforted for the moment. A hun-
dred years later, she is no longer so patient, and destroys Terrence at
her Shadow's urgings. The Dictum Mortuum is never repealed, nor
does its enforcement ever grow lax. Adrienne spends more and more

time in the Skinlands until such time as her own Shadow betrays her.

Enthralled, she waits for her sentence to be passed. Patiently.

The Proctors have always stood apart from the political
machinations of the Underworld, perhaps because they seemed
to regard the fact that they were all dead as an inconvenient
one. As such, there is little that can be said about them for good
or ill. They have merely existed, and done less harm in Stygia
than they might.

Others

We have fewer dealings with those beyond the Shroud than
most. In the fullness of time, even the mightiest vampire lord or
most powerful wizard comes to us, and there is no need to hurry
matters. Indeed, sometimes their memories are improved by death,
so that they obtain some perspective on matters that seemed too
immediate in life.

Vampires

There is a difference
one. The drinkers of blood spe
brance is crystallized and enshri
of these relics, never to be taken out or re-examined. It is almost
amusing that beings who dwell §0 thoroughly in the past never
take time to re-assess their surroundings.

Lupines
Memory is an art
They have inscribed

down that traditio
honor them for this, if

Mages

Those who seek to ri
those who preserve all that w:
to realize their deeds affect ot

spective is too narrow. The
their deeds never seems to

he fae
I Sa
Faerie souls in mortal bod es again and again intoa world
that loves them not. Itlis | ff of grand tragedy. We could help
low themselves to be

them a great deal, I si pect the Sul
helped. But those who seule fon metier is tragedy have ~

little use for those who thenia wider repertoire.

Spectres

We have touched the memories of the Shadow-eaten,
and it is not a pleasant thing to recall. One can easily lose
one's self in their pain, and one can see why they would wish
to end all things, just to end their misery. However, one can
sympathize without agreeing, and knowing the true nature of
one's enemies can often spur one to fight that much harder
against them.

iving memory and a dead
lize in the latter. Each remem-
ed for all eternity in the minds

ildren of the moon.
their hearts, and pass

are, by necessity, foes of
e mortal wizards never seem
besides themselves; their per-
thers might take issue with {
hem.

Guildbook Mnemoi 131


Working inthe Pat: ites
Memory Palaces

A Memory Palace is not a real place. Rather, it is the
sort of structure that Mnemoi use to organize the recollec-
tions that they borrow or steal from others. The Palace is an
organizational framework, with each hallway representing a
connective theme, and each room on that hallway being an
actual memory. The arrangement of rooms, halls and stair-
wells is a representation of how the Mnemos has organized
the memories she holds.

Most Mnemoiare only capable of producing a single Memory
Palace. They integrate all of the alien memories they possess into
that single structure, separating one wraith's recollections from
another by means of torturous stairwells, towers and the like. Truly
gifted Mnemoi can maintain separate Palaces, though the stories
of those who try and fail to do so are used to frighten students in
the Academies.

Appearance

Most Memory Palaces created by wraiths under two mil-
lennia old default to the classic medieval castle with moat, bailey,
crenellations and so on. This is more a function of stereotype
and propaganda than anything else; in truth, a Memory Palace
can look like anything the owner and builder wants it to look
like. Minos', by all reports, resembles the buried palace at
Knossos, while Phaedra's eerily recalls the Onyx Tower. As a
rough rule of thumb, the decor reflects the Mnemos' feelings
about the memories contained within; unpleasant ones are gen-
erally located in dungeons or dank, poorly lit corridors, while
pleasant memories are in well-lit hallways that are lavishly deco-
rated and well-maintained.

Building the Palace

When a Mnemos acquires a memory, or a batch of memories,
from another wraith, they rest in a disorganized jumble with the
Mnemos' own memories. Left alone for too long, they will inevita-
bly bleed into the Mnemos' own consciousness, causing all sorts of
problems. This is a particular concern if the adopted memories are
particularly fierce or powerful, as Charon's inevitably are.

Ergo, the wraith must build a Memory Palace. In theory,
each Mnemos builds her own, from her own memories, as she
is trained. She then constructs a separate Palace from others'
memories when she acquires them, though more often than
not the "external" Palace is just an extension of her inner one.
In such cases, memory bleedover is a possibility (see page 136).
In theory, so long as the Mnemos keeps on performing the ex-
ercises she learns by studying memories, her personal Palace
will maintain itself nicely. On the other hand, each time a
new external memory is added, she must consciously graft it
on to the existing Palace.

Creating a Memory Palace requires a series of Intelligence +
Memories rolls, difficulty 7. The number of successful rolls re-
quired depends on the complexity and number of memories being
stored (Storyteller discretion). Failures mean that sections of the
Palace are dangerously unstable, and the memories contained
therein are in peril.

132 Ends of Empire

‘gag tier

Furthermore, since creating a Memory Palace takes utmost
concentration, the Mnemos generally has to buy off her Shadow
before commencing the operation. What sort of bribe is re-
quired is up to the Shadowguide, though the Storyteller can
make suggestions.

Going inside

With sufficient skill at the Mnemosynis Arcanos (level 4
mastery or above), a Mnemos can open up her Memory Palace
to a visitor. While the wraith does not actually go into the
Mnemos' head, his consciousness does enter the Memory Pal-
ace. While there, he can stroll about those rooms the Mnemos
has left unlocked (or attempt to force his way into locked ones;
doing so requires a Willpower roll, difficulty 8). As soon as he
passes through a door into a "chamber," the visitor experiences
the memory contained within. When the memory ends, the
wraith finds himself before another door or series of doors, and
the process begins again.

It is possible for a wraith to stay too long or otherwise be-
come trapped in a Memory Palace. If the Palace is unstable (see
page 134) if the Mnemos has booby-trapped a particular memory
(doing so requires an Intelligence + Memories roll, difficulty 7)
or the memory itself proves too much for the visitor (Willpower
roll at Storyteller discretion), the intruding wraith can be trapped
in the Palace. His Corpus sits, a witless shell, while he wanders
from room to room. How the wraith reacts to events within the
Palace (a successful Dexterity + Athletics roll to escape a collaps-
ing memory, for example) determines whether or not the visitor
is trapped in the first place; otherwise, the victim gets one Will-
power roll (difficulty 7) per day to see if he can escape. A botch
on the Willpower roll costs the wraith a permanent Willpower
point, and he cannot use Willpower on the roll itself. (He can,
however, take Shadow Dice.) Existence isn't pleasant for a
Mnemos with a foreign wraith in his Memory Palace, either —
the echoes of the trapped wraith's personality simply won't go
away, and the Mnemos' Shadow makes hay with the possibilities.
Furthermore, the Mnemos is at +1 difficulty on all rolls involving
concentration as long as she has an unwanted mental guest.

Both Passions and Dark Passions can be fed while a wraith is
inside a Memory Palace, and Catharsis is an ever-real possibility.

Breaking Down the Walls

A trapped wraith can attempt to wreck the Palace he is in. Of
course, this is all symbolic — he needs to "attack" the walls with
something, but the effect is symbolic as well. Well-crafted Memory
Palaces can defend themselves, however. For every success in the
creation of the Palace, there is a guard (which more often than not
resembles an empty suit of armor, armed with a sword) patrolling
the halls for just such occasions. The guard has effectively three
dots in all Attributes, plus four dots in Dodge, Brawl and Melee,
and two dots in Alertness and Awareness. If a wraith attempts to
damage a Memory Palace, the guards come running and attack with-
out mercy. A wraith destroyed in a Memory Palace is indeed de-
stroyed, and his Corpus becomes a Drone.

Getting Out

All it takes to leave a Memory Palace under normal cir-
cumstances is a successful Willpower roll. If the Mnemos de-
cides to expel a visitor, both wraiths make a contested Willpower
roll. If the Mnemos wins, the intruder is evicted and gets two

points of Temporary Angst. If he wins, he gets to stay at least
another turn and the Mnemos gets the Angst instead.

A Mnemos can have as many wraiths in her Memory Palace
at any given time as she has points of permanent Willpower.

Merits and Flaws
Other Marks (! point Merit

For some unknown reason, you have manifested the mark-
ings of another, more socially acceptable Arcanos. Often it is the
Arcanos of someone whose memories you've worked with exten-
sively, but there's really no rhyme or reason to it. What it means,
however, is that you are not instantly identifiable as a Mnemos,
which makes ghostly existence a touch safer for you than it might
have been otherwise.

Knows Too Much (5 point Merit)

In theory, each Mnemos' burden of Charon's memories is
locked away so that the bearer cannot access them. The failsafes
and barriers that Minos has erected are ominous, redundantly pro-
tective and all but unbreakable.

Well, at least they were until you came along. For some rea-
son, the defenses simply don't hold against you. You have perfect
access to whichever of Charon's memories you carry, and can call
them forth at will.

The more points you spend on this Merit, the more profound
(and perhaps useful) the accessible memories are.

On the other hand, if Minos, or indeed anyone else, learns
that you can do this, you may not be long for the Underworld.

Heart of Memory (2 point Merit)

You carry within you one of Charon's most precious memo-
ties. Perhaps it is of his dealings with the Deathlords on a par-
ticularly sensitive matter, or a discussion with the Lady of Fate.
The details don't matter. What does matter is that while all the
Mnemoi are theoretically equal, you are more equal than most.
In situations where you are among your brethren and in peril
(admittedly rare), others will make every effort to protect you
and the secrets you carry.

Known Memory Pusher (2 point Merit

You've weaseled your way into the fringes of wraith society
as the lowest of the low: a memory pusher. You sell good memo-
ries and pleasant recollections for anything your fellow Restless
care to barter — relics, Artifacts, oboli or information.

Fortunately for you, however, your clientele likes you. They
appreciate your services, and they trust you. That means that
they're not going to turn you in to the Legions, at least not to-
day. Furthermore, while your clients aren't necessarily willing to
go out ona limb for you, they do serve as a convenient source of
gossip. And let's not get into the possibilities for blackmail...

Mistaken Monitor (2 point Meri

For some unknown reason, the effects of Mnemosynis and
Lifeweb on the user are identical. This sparked some debate in

the days when such debates were less likely to send those taking
part in the discussion into chains, but it has remained a source of
some speculation even in these degraded times.

However, you don't care about the wherefores of the mat-
ter. Instead, you've used the happy coincidence to go under-
cover in the Monitors. Your "superiors" in your new Guild
have no idea where your true allegiance lies. They trust you
as they would trust one of their own, making you eligible to
learn any specialized Arcanoi they know and privy to all of
their secrets.

While being mistaken for a member of an outlawed organi-
zation isn't necessarily the best thing in the world, it certainly
beats being recognized as a member of an outlawed and despised
group. However, if the Monitors ever catch on to your little cha-
rade, the torments Stygia could devise will look like nothing com-
pared to what they'll do to you.

Perfect Memory (4 point Merit

You remember everything — everything. Every word of every
conversation, every step you've ever taken is stored, safely, in your
Memory Palace. Furthermore, you've trained yourself so that you
can access any tidbit of posterity with minimal delay.

Any time you are called on to "remember" something,
roll Intelligence (difficulty 4). Any success means that the
datum in question is at your fingertips, and that if you (the
player) have forgotten it, the Storyteller should remind you.
It is recommended that players taking this Merit for their
characters take copious notes during gameplay, and compare
those notes with the Storyteller after each session for pur-
poses of accuracy.

Wandering Mind ( point flaw)

Try as you might, you can't keep yourself focused on day-to-
day existence. Instead, you keep on drifting into memories that
you've stored. Make a Willpower roll (difficulty 5) at the begin-
ning of any scene where you're not in immediate danger or else be
distracted by more pleasant memories.

Fraement junkie (2 point flaw)

Your own memories aren't good enough for you. Other
people's memories have always somehow been better, fresher, more |
real, so you indulge in them whenever you can. You trade your
services for peeks at other people's memories, sneak Memory Frag-
ments when you can, and generally neglect your own mental store-
house of experience. Your superiors haven't noticed yet, but when
they do, it could get ugly.

Delusional ( point Flaw)

The Mnemoi are charged with the preservation and trans-
mission of memories. Unfortunately, you have a hard time
drawing the line between what happened, what might have
happened and what you wish had happened. As such, your
memories are a hodgepodge of delusion, wish-fulfillment and
just plain wierdness.

Any time you attempt to do anything with a memory,
you must succeed on a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) or the
memory is corrupted by your rich and rewarding fantasy life.
The more Is rolled on a botch, the more outré the delusions
you pass along.

Guildbook Mnemoi 133


Forgetful ( point Flaw)

The Mnemoi are dedicated to the preservation of memory.
Unfortunately, they recruited you to help with the job. You
have a mind like a sieve. More specifically, none of the memory-
training techniques, none of the Arcanoi and none of the en-
thusiastic disciplinary actions your teachers have administered
have enabled you to develop anything vaguely resembling a
good memory. You'd forget your own head if it weren't attached,
and considering some of the recent advances in Moliation, that
may come next.

In game terms, this means that you are at +2 difficulty to use
all Mnemosynis powers involving your own powers of recall. Fur-
thermore, you simply have difficulty remembering names, faces
and details of conversations. Any time you are called on to re-
member anything specific ("What was the name of the Masquer
who said he'd disguise us?") requires an Intelligence roll. Failure
means that the desired bit of data has gone right out of your head,
never to return.

Unstable Memory Palace (3 point Flaw)

One of the Memory Palaces you constructed has been put
together shoddily. Simply put, you botched the job. Some memo-
ries are inaccessible, others are redundant and still others are rot-
ting away. Anyone who enters that Memory Palace must make a
Willpower roll each time she moves from room to room, or else
the room she's in collapses and she takes damage as if it happened
to her Corpus. Wraiths have become trapped in Memory Palaces
forever in this fashion, essentially destroying them and driving
the Mnemos carrying them mad.

For more information on becoming trapped in a Memory
Palace, see page 132.

Furthermore, memories may become temporarily or perma-
nently inaccessible through this Flaw, at Storyteller discretion.

identified! (4 point Flaw)

Most people ordinarily think the Mnemoi have all been ex-
terminated, or banished to the Underworld equivalent of the An-
tipodes. Most of them have never seen a real, dead Mnemos, and
honestly wouldn't know how to identify one if ever they needed
to. With all that in mind, it would seem safe for a sufficiently
cautious Mnemos — yourself, say — to mingle on the outskirts of
Stygian society.

Unfortunately, "seems" doesn't always equate to "is." Some-
how, word's gotten to all of the wrong places that you are what
you are, and everyone's eager to collect on the reward for turning
you in. You have no friends in Stygia, and precious few anywhere
else, and somehow no matter how you Moliate or otherwise dis-
guise yourself, they manage to find you.

Arti cts

The Mnemoi don't do much in the way of crafting Artifacts.
There are only a few devices in which the Mnemoi specialize, but
centuries of experimentation and implementation have allowed

those devices to evolve into superbly crafted tools of the
memorysmith's trade.

Ends of Empire

Memory Fragment

A Memory Fragment is essentially a quick hit of someone's
past, looking like nothing so much as a quartz crystal two inches
in length and a half-inch in thickness. A Mnemos "fills" the Frag-
ment by placing it on the target's forehead and then drawing forth
the memory in question. Doing so requires a Wits + Mnemosynis
roll (difficulty 7) if the target is cooperating, the expenditure of a
Willpower point and a roll against difficulty 9 ifhe is not. At that
point, the memory leaves the victim and flows into the Fragment.
Until the Fragment is broken and the memory released, the origi-
nator of the memory simply cannot recall the information the
Fragment contains. He knows that he's forgotten something, but
simply cannot put his finger on it, even if reminded.

Fragments have multiple uses, then, not the least of which is
depriving others of their memories until such time as the Mnemoi
deem it useful to return them. While Memory Fragments are not
eternal, they can last up to a century, and a well-protected Frag-
ment can put a vital memory (say, of a Mnemos' indiscretion) on
the shelf for a very long time.

Activating a Memory Fragment is a simple affair. The wraith
holding the Fragment (only a Mnemos can fill a Fragment, but
anyone can activate one) breaks it on a success on a Strength
roll (difficulty 5) and presses the jagged end of the Fragment
against the intended recipient. The released memory floods into
the target, transporting him into what is essentially a single room.
of a Memory Palace. The wraith remains caught within the
memory for the duration of the flashback (up to 10 minutes, in
most cases), unable to defend himself or react to the world around
him during that time.

Some Mnemoi grow addicted to the intense rush of memory
produced by Memory Fragments. Such Mnemoi are often found
in Necropoli working as memory pushers, trading their services
for "shots" of clients' memories.

The older a Memory Fragment gets, the cloudier and more
fragile it becomes. Passing a memory from one Fragment to an-
other, so as to preserve it in perpetuity, has produced only flawed or
dangerous copies. This problem, in part, explains why the Mnemoi
have never trusted Charon's memories to artificed storage devices,
but rather keep those memories in ghostly mind instead.

Using a Memory Fragment to steal a recollection costs two
Pathos. Attempts to hitch Fragments to soulfire crystals have re-
sulted in melted Fragments.

Memory Shard

A larger, bulkier and somewhat kinder variation on the
Memory Fragment, the Memory Shard duplicates memories
rather than stealing them. For every additional point of Pa-
thos the Mnemos "charging" the Shard uses when loading the
crystal up, the memory inside can be discharged to another
wraith. So if four points of Pathos are used to charge a Shard,
the memory contained within the crystal can be released three
separate times, or once to three wraiths simultaneously. Fur-
thermore, additional Pathos can be added to a Shard to pro-
duce repeated showings, at a rate of three Pathos per viewer
after the initial charging.

One of the ways in which a Shard differs from a Fragment is
that the Shard does not erase the memory from the mind of its
target. The wraith from whom the memory is taken retains per-
fect recall of what is copied in the crystal. While a Shard is still

filled in the same way a Fragment is (in other words, memories
can still be stolen with one), it is much less of a violation of the
target's psyche.

On the down side, Shards have a much shorter shelf life than
do Fragments, generally fogging up completely in a decade or so.
Standard Mnemos procedure for particularly choice memories gar-
nered through a Shard is to have a Mnemos incorporate the du-
plicated memory into his own Memory Palace, because Shards
simply can't be counted on to last.

Fortunately, activating a Shard does not require breaking it.
Rather, the crystal simply must be placed against the Corpus of a
wraith and a command phrase (encoded within the Shard by its
creator and generally something simple) must be spoken. At that
point, the Shard releases the flood of memory.

After a Shard runs out of Pathos fuel, it shatters and, in a
matter of seconds, reduces itself to a pile of dust.

Mirror of the Past

A Mirror of the Past is one of the rarest and most valuable
Artifacts a Mnemos can possess. Nothing more than a silvered
bowl filled with a silvery plasm, the Mirror of the Past portrays
anything the wraith holding it cares to project into it, so long as
that image is a memory and not a fantasy, daydream or specula-
tion. The image is then displayed on the surface of the plasm,
visible to anyone who can see the bowl.

Most Mirrors of the Past are built into elaborate stands
that also contain holders for multiple soulfire crystals, and in-
deed many Mirrors are large enough (a foot or so across, mini-
mum) to require support. If there is a hunk of soulfire plugged
into the base, displaying a memory in the Mirror takes a point
of Pathos out of that crystal. Otherwise, the wraith who is pro-
jecting pays the price.

Itis possible, with a successful Wits + Memories roll (difficulty
7) and the expenditure of a Willpower point, a wraith can distort
the memories projected into the bowl. The more successes achieved
on the roll, the more seamless the distortion. Doing so is risky, how-
ever. A failure causes the plasm in the bowl to erupt in a scalding
column, while a botch shatters the entire mechanism.

Memory Golem

When a Mnemos is about to set out on a particularly perilous
mission or otherwise risk herself, she sometimes avails herself of
the services of a Memory Golem. A massive humanoid figure
crafted from the same material as Memory Shards, the Golem is a
repository of the sum and total of a wraith's memories. That way,
in case of disaster, the Mnemos' recollections are temporarily safe
until another home can be found for them.

A Memory Golem can function in one of two ways:

It can duplicate some or all of a wraith's memories; or

© It can absorb them in the same manner as a Memory Frag-
ment absorbs a single memory.

The former method is preferred, because stolen memories can
only be reclaimed from a Golem by smashing it, and Memory Golems
are simply too expensive and intricate to go around breaking.

When charged with memories, the Golem shambles around
in a rough parody of the normal routine of the wraith it's cur-
rently backing up. It speaks in a crude imitation of her voice,
and can be convinced to speak about its stored memories, albeit
nothing else. The Golem also shares something of the wraith's

personality, and won't speak to someone the wraith dislikes or
distrusts. Memory Golems can't be tortured into speaking, but
they can be tricked.

Powering a Memory Golem requires 20 points of Pathos per
week, more if the Golem gets energetic. This energy can be do-
nated through either Usury or a soulfire crystal. If the Golem ever
runs out of Pathos, it powers down immediately, though the memo-
ties it contains don't fade for at least a month.

Getting memories into or out of a Memory Golem works pre-
cisely as does getting recollections out of Shards and Fragments,
depending upon which storage option was chosen.

Memory Golems are, on average, seven feet high and very
broad. Most have a faint green or blue tinge to them, the reason
for which has never been explained. The humanoid nature of a
Golem is generally very rough; attempts to get finer have resulted
in a loss in efficiency at memory storage.

qhe Greater Palace

Needless to say, it is very, very important to the Mnemoi to
keep track of which of Charon's memories are where. The device
used for this purpose is the Greater Palace, a three-dimensional
representation of what Charon's Memory Palace should look like.
The Greater Palace is composed entirely of light, and each
chamber's possessor is marked clearly in the model. Only Minos,
Phaedra and a few of their most trusted advisors can manipulate
the Greater Palace. The device does not update itself automati-
cally, but rather relies on manual input of any news, good or bad.
Rooms corresponding to memories that are known to have been
lost for all time are dark within the matrix of the Palace. More
and more of the Palace is dark these days.

The Greater Palace is, as one might expect, huge and eclec-
tic in design. It stands over a dozen feet tall and twice as wide,
and rests in Minos' shelter on the River of Death. The Palace is
vaguely translucent, and by focusing one's attention one can see
rooms within the structure of the Palace as well as ones that would
be normally visible. Minos does not allow any visitors to see the
Palace, save those who have been initiated and granted one of
Charon's memories.

New Abilities

New Knowledge: Memories

Memories is the art of working with the stuff of memory it-
self. Furthermore, it includes training one's self in memorization
and memory organization techniques, Memory Palace building
and efficiency at recall. With expertise in Memories, you can re-
member things better and access those memories you have charge
of more easily. Storing all the memories in the world won't do you
any good if you can't find the one image you want when you need
to do so ina hurry, after all.

© Novice: You have reasonably good recall, and things don't
go immediately in one ear and out the other

© © Practiced: You can construct a basic Memory Palace well.
Competent: You can place names with faces without flaw.

eee Expert: Go someplace once and you can remember
the way forever.

@@¢¢¢ Master: You never forget anything you don't want to. Ever.

Guildbook Mnemoi 135


Specialties: Memory Palaces, Total Recall, Conversations,
Fine Detail

Possessed By: Mnemoi, Inquisitors, Unlidded Eye members

New Mnemosynis Powers

* Erasure

Despite the Mnemoi's stated philosophy, not every memory
is worth keeping, at least not under all circumstances. Many are
the prisoners who wish they could have forgotten the secrets forced
out of them by interrogation; legion is the number of abandoned
lovers who wish they could forget the sources of their pain. It is
no surprise, then that the Mnemoi have perfected an art for for-
getting quickly, painlessly and almost effortlessly,

What Erasure does is simply to wipe a memory from the
Mnemos'mindialhe powendccs nonwork on anyrocheswraith
save the Mnemos herself. However, its effectiveness on the wraith

choosing to turn it on herself is devastating. Memories excised
with Erasure are gone so thoroughlly it is if they never have been.
The wound in the wraith's mind is even self-cauterizing; other
memories that refer to that which has been forgotten now lead
into aimless rumination. The wraith never even knows what

she's forgotten.

It is believed that Erasure was originally developed so that
Mnemoi might jettison borrowed or stolen memories that had
become troublesome. In little time, however, the Guild discov-
ered other uses for the art, most of which involved avoiding be-
ing forced to testify or reveal secrets under torture. Guild records
demonstrate that at one point in the Mnemoi''s history, it be-
came routine for wraiths to leave entire sets of their memories

stored at Guild strongholds before setting out on missions; such
wraiths also frequently wiped out all of their memories not re-

Under Wraps

In thesrys meniGHesaequired (hrolish Soulkeeperreside
ealelmnarcnentalicdionibvocuMuenes mind
the Memory Palace. The memories are easily accessible, but
do not intrude on the wraith's nightly existence. They are
discrete and clearly alien, and at no time should a Mnem
think the borrowed memories are his own

That is, of course, the theory. The reality is somewhat
more tricky. Every time a Mnemos goes into Catharsis, the
Bea lievarcdtnel eve oh ante atenecies centia litelesthininss
Over the centuries, a Mnemos may truly come to believe that
the memories he carries — whether they be of receiving a
mandate from the Lady of Fate or of giving birth to a child in
the Skinlands
rowed and natural memories swirl into a kaleidoscope of half

are his own. Given enough time, the bor

accurate: remembrance, and the personality of the Mnemos
blurs along with them

System: Each time a Mnemos recovers from Catharsis
Willpower roll (difficulty 6) is necessary. If there are no suc
cesses on the roll, some fragment of the memories the wraith
is storing escapes into the Mnemos' consciousness. The na

ture, size and intensity of the escaped memory are all uy

the Storyteller.

136 Ends of Empire

lating to the job at hand, the better to perform their tasks with a
minimum of distractions.
System: Erasure is generally one of the simpler

Mnemosynis arts that a wraith can use. A successful roll of
Wits + Mnemosynis (difficulty 5) and the expenditure of a point
of Pathos means that the offending memory is gone. A botch
brings the memory screaming to the forefront of the wraith's
mind, which can be particularly troublesome if the Mnemos
was trying to rid herself of memories that were overwhelming
to begin with. Such instances function as if the Mnemos were
a victim of Mnemotechnic

The exception to the rule when it comes to Erasure involves
Passions and/or Fetters. Should a Mnemos try to forget one of
these anchors of her reality, the roll suddenly acquires a difficulty
of 8, the cost increases by a Willpower point and the wraith's
Shadow gains a point of temporary Angst.

Note: If the Mnemos truly wishes to forget something perma-
nently, the expenditure of a permanent Willpower point ensures
that the offending memory can never, ever be restored. Even the
use of other Mnemosynis powers cannot overcome this act of will.

"
Swipe
Swipe allows a Mnemos to temporarily erase a single memory
belonging to another wraith. The memory can be any specific
recollection (memory of a Fetter, memory of a deed or conver:

tion, memory of a combat technique), and it simply vanishes, leav-
ing a gaping hole in the victim's mental landscape.

System: Swipe requires that the victim be touched, Corpus
to Corpus, before being activated. A contested Willpower roll
comes next. If the Mnemos wins, he erases the memory of his
choice from the victim's mind. The number of successes the
Mnemos rolls equals the number of turns for which the memory
vanishes. If the target wins, there is no effect.

Swipe costs a point of Pathos and gains the Mnemos a point
of Angst. Spending a Willpower point changes turns of effect to
hours. Two Willpower ups the duration to days.

Soulkeeper

This power allows a Mnemos to duplicate portions of an-
other wraith's memories — no more than a year's worth at a
time — and store them within his own subconscious. The
Mnemos can absorb more than one set of memories, taking them
either from a single individual or from multiple "donors." All
that is required for the duplication is that the wraith touch his
target, however briefly.

System: The player declares which memories he wants his
character to store, and makes an Intelligence + Mnemosynis roll.

Other Powers

The Mnemoi have come up with liter
other variations on Mnemosynis, many r
ice Construction, other stealth and caus
uld feel
vithin rea
e Wraith

Players Guide. Space is all that prevent m printin

ret their very presence
free to cook up their own Mnemosynis ps
Mn, as variations on the ones listed het

more here

If the target is willing, the difficulty is 5; otherwise, the diffi-
culty on the roll is 8. The more successes the player rolls, the
more clearly the character duplicates the memory. A single suc-
cess may produce fuzzy, grainy or incomplete recollections (more
bizarre instances may include memories with no sound, for ex-
ample, or ones in which everything is seen from a distorted per-
spective). With two successes, the memory is as clear as the
Mnemos' own, while five successes provides superlative detail.
A botch may provide the unlucky Mnemos with the target's
dreams, fantasies or nightmares, or might well transfer some of
the Mnemos' recollections into the victim.

If the target is willing, this art costs one Pathos and one Will-
power. If the target is unwilling, the wraith also acquires a point
of temporary Angst with each usage.

ww Tabula Rasa

Arunning joke among the Mnemoi is the motto "Do unto
others as you have learned to do unto yourself." This truism
reflects the Guild's penchant for perfecting their powers in us-
age on the individual, then turning that expertise loose on the
test of the Underworld. Tabula Rasa is one of the purest ex-
pressions of that philosophy, and it is one that other wraiths
would do well to fear.

Tabula Rasa is nothing more than the manner in which the
Mnemoi have taken Erasure and learned to inflict it on the rest of
the Underworld. What the most callow apprentice Mnemos can
do to his own mind, his master can do to anyone else's.

System: Tabula Rasa works no differently than Erasure, ex-
cept that it is directed against a specific target. A successful roll of
Wits + Mnemosynis (difficulty 5) and the expenditure of a point
of Pathos means that the chosen memory is gone. A botch brings
the memory screaming to the forefront of the wraith's mind. Such
instances function as if the target was a victim of Mnemotechnics.

As with Erasure, Passions and/or Fetters are the exception to
this rule. Should a Mnemos try to cause her target to forget one of
these anchors of reality, the roll suddenly acquires a difficulty of
8, the cost increases by a Willpower point and the wraith's Shadow
gains a point of temporary Angst.

Note: If the Mnemos wishes her target to forget something
permanently, the expenditure of a permanent Willpower point

ensures that the offending memory can never, ever be restored.
Even the use of other Mnemosynis powers cannot reverse this.

Memorycrating

Memorycrafting allows a Mnemos to create memories out {
of whole cloth, creating them from sheer fantasy. The memo-
ties produced with this power are as realistic as the wraith
producing them can make them. Errors that the Mnemos her-
self inserts into the forged memory (say, automobiles in a
memory of the American Civil War) can be detected by a |[
sufficiently observant spectator.

Recollections created through Memorycrafting do nothing |

on their own. A Mnemos wishing to utilize her creation must use /

another Mnemosynis power to imbue them into either another
individual or a Memory Shard (see page XX). Until such time as
a crafted memory is put to some kind of use, it flutters like a wisp
of fog around the wraith who created it. Careful observers note
that the haze of a crafted memory never goes away completely,
and that a Mnemos who has produced a great many false memo- |
ties (or recreated the same one many times) is, at all times, wrapped >
in a shroud of forged recollection.

System: Using Memorycrafting requires the expenditure of two
points of Pathos and a Willpower point, as well as a Wits +
Mnemosynis roll (difficulty 8). The number of successes indicates
how vivid and realistic the memory is. A remembrance crafted with
just one success might seem jerky or appear only in black and white,
while one made with five successes is positively immersive.

If a Mnemos wishes to edit a memory she has created be-
fore she instills it in someone, it requires another point of Pa-
thos and a Wits+Mnemosynis roll (difficulty 7). Any success
indicates a successful re-editing of the memory. A botch pro-
duces new errors in the memory.

All recollections created with this power are from a first-
person perspective. In other words, anyone absorbing the crafted
memory believes that it happened to him, that he was there and
that anyone telling him otherwise is lying. After all, he remembers
it. If there is a glaring error in the memory, or if incontrovertible
proof of the memory's falsehood is presented to the target, a Will- 4
power roll (difficulty 8) may allow the character to realize he has
been somehow defrauded of his past.

Guildbook Mnemoi 137
ore a


So you were stuck, and you lived your life pinned in that
position. All around you everyone else had all the fun and
got all the glory, and you just got more and more bitter.
You stopped going out, stopped eating right, stopped do-
ing anything to take care of yourself, and soon enough it
caught up with you. You died.

Then guess what happened? You crossed the Shroud,
and found yourself in a society where the same crap was
going to keep happening to you forever, unless
someone turned you into a lawn ornament
first. The sleazes and the weasels still got
all the goods in Stygia, and the people
who busted their humps got stuck in
dead-end Necropoli until the end of
the world.

aces Committed to
Memory: Templates

The Mnemoi are few and far between. Centuries of
slander and persecution have taken their toll. How-
ever, more of the memory-weavers exist than the
Smiling Lord would like to think. Here are a few,
for you to take as your own as characters, an-
tagonists or inspiration.

It pissed you off, and to keep
yourself sane you started keeping
track of every slight, every insult,
every cut corner someone else uti-
lized. You swore you were going to
remember them all, and pay each and
every one of them back.

That's what caught the Mnemoi's
attention. The Mnemos who found
you wasn't crazy about your drive for
vengeance, but he was impressed by your
attention to detail. So he brought you into
the fold, and that's when things started
getting really interesting — for you, and
for all of those people whom you made
sure to remember.

Just remember: These are the young
Mnemoi. The older ones rarely come out to
play, regardless of circumstance.

Note: There are no statistics attached
to these templates. This is not an oversight.
We'd just rather give you more informa-
tion than a page full of dots you can whip
up for yourself quickly any

Memory Pusher

Quote: I can show you a good time, cheap.
And the best thing is, you've seen it all before and
you know you like it. So what do you say? First time
back is free

Prelude: You tell everyone you were a small-
time pusher in life, but that's not the case. In
truth, you were an uptight, repressed geek who
watched his friends and coworkers break the
tules without ever paying the price. Other guys
tried pot and coke at college, or drank themselves
into puking stupor, but never seem to get penalized
for it. You watched them do whatever they damn
well pleased and have a hell of a good time at it,
never suffering consequences that you could see.

And you hated them for it. You did your assign-
ments on time and busted your ass doing so, and yet
when people who ran weeks late didn't get penalized it
made your blood boil. You put weeks into projects and
made sure that nothing was done last minute, but peers
who did everything the night before were the ones who

Concept: You move from Necropolis
to Necropolis, selling your abilities to
bring back pleasant memories in exchange
for favors and oboli. Of course, you're not
above ransacking the memories of the
people you're giving blasts from the past,
and you're certainly not above blackmail-
ing them into helping you nail the bastards
who are on your little list. You know enough
about what the Mnemoi expect of you not to
get too far out of line, but as far as you're con-
cerned, your agenda comes first.

Roleplaying Hints: Act like a stereotypical
pusher — it's what all the straights expect. Prey on
bureaucrats and others in dead-end positions. What
you've got to sell is especially appealing to them, and
even better, they're the ones sitting on the sort of in-

formation you need to take care of business. Let them
talk themselves into buying your wares. If you push
too hard, they'll chicken out and bolt. And always,
always keep an eye on the exit — your own skin is the
only thing that's essential these days.

Relics: A little list of folks who won't be mis

memory crystal, pen, pad, small knife

got the praise — and the scholarships, and the promo-
tions, and the raises.

It ate you up inside.

To make matters worse, the one time you did
cut a corner, you got caught. You paid the pen-
alty. You got nailed, and the stain of the inci-
k with you. After that every time you
were mentioned for a promotion or an impor-
tant project, the conversation always included
the phrase "But what about that time when...."

dent stuc

138 Ends of Empire


Mystic On the Run

Quote: Can you hide me, please? I have oboli. I can pay. And I
can make it so that you never saw me

Prelude: While you changed religions often in life, there's
one thing that never altered: your faith in the idea that you were
doing the right thing. It's just that the various expressions of be-
lief you tried (starting with your parents' whitebread Christianity,
then discovering Wicca at college, moving to Buddhism after that
seminar, and so on through flirtations with Sufi, Hare Krishna
and Objectivism) just didn't seem to reflect the inner truths that
you knew were waiting for something to unlock deep inside you.
Your friends regarded you as a harmless flake and your parents
despaired, but on the whole your energetic spiritual quest didn't
keep you from holding down a job, having a series of relation-
ships, or generally getting from point A to point B in life.

Unfortunately, eventually you got to point D — death —
and you still hadn't found anything that satisfied you in life. Some-
thing was still missing, and when you found yourself in the
Shadowlands you just sort of figured that here was where you were
supposed to look for it.

Initially, you drifted from Heretic cult to Heretic cult, sam-
pling each one but finding the same sort of half-satisfaction from
each that had so frustrated you in life. Once you understood how
Passions worked, you grew cynical at watching group after group
manipulate the flow of Pathos, just to claim an absolute truth
that they didn't possess. Before too long you'd gone from being a
seeker of truth to a cataloguer of frauds, but that didn't do any-
thing to fill your gnawing feeling that something was missing.

It was years before you stumbled on the Mnemoi, following
hint after hint until they could hide from you no longer. They
told you who they were, and what they sought to do, and offered
you a place among their ranks. You were impressed. They didn't
try to coerce or bribe you, and promised that they would erase the

memory of the meeting if you declined.

Intrigued, you accepted, and the rightness of it all made ev-
erything somehow better.

Unfortunately, you made a lot of enemies in your post-Her-
etic days, and they're not above trying to get you caught by the
Hierarchy. So now you're on the run, ducking and covering from
place to place and praying that no one who harbors you is endan-
gered for doing so.

Concept: You're a seeker who's found what you've been look-
ing for, but now everyone is looking for you. Somehow word got
out that you were Mnemos, and that means that every hand is
raised against you. So you run, and keep running, and do your
best to cause no harm even as everyone tries to harm you.

Roleplaying Hints: The hardest thing for you to do is to keep
the secret of the Guild. When you hear people repeating old lies
and slanders, it's nearly impossible for you to keep silent about
what the real story is. You manage somehow, though, and keep
moving before the temptation to speak gets to be too much. You
do your best to keep others from being hurt for protecting you,
and you use what skills you have to help those who are kind to
you. You'd rather be destroyed than captured, though, and fear of
both fates haunts you even when you Slumber.

Relics: Backpack full of knicknacks, Bible, handful of frac-
tional oboli


Thief of Yesterdays

Quote: I can do that for you, and the cost is something you'll never,
ever miss. Now I want you to think about the first time you made love.

Prelude: Envy was the defining emotion of your life. Other
kids had toys that you wanted. Other students got attention from
teachers that should have been yours. Other graduates got the
jobs that should have been falling into your lap. It all should have
been yours, and none of it was.

So you set it to change that. You took what you wanted, re-
gardless of whom it belonged to. If someone had a toy you wanted,
you found a way to get it. If someone else took the job you were
gunning for, you maneuvered him out of it. It worked well enough,
at least for a while. You had a good job (and your eye on a better
one). You had plenty of money (though you wanted more). You
had all the material knicknacks and comforts that made life worth
living (but there was always something out there that caught your
eye). And then you overextended yourself.

You were good, no doubt about that, but you weren't the
best. The guy you ran up against was, and he squashed your power
play like you'd squash a bug. By the time he finished with you,
you were broke, unemployed and unemployable. Then, just to
drive the last dagger home, he took the lease on your old apart-
ment and invited you to the housewarming, just so you could see
that what was yours w:

now his.

To put it mildly, that sucked. What sucked more was that
you couldn't do a damned thing about it.

So with nowhere to go and nobody to turn to, you just quit.
You sucked down a bottle of Dutch courage and went out to play
in traffic, and when you were done they were hosing you out of
the treads on someone's tires.

Coming across the Shroud, you realized that you hadn't e
caped your defeat — merely distanced it a little. That persistent
voice in your head kept on telling you that you could still even
the score, but that the best way would be to lay low here, build up
a power base, and have a nasty little surprise waiting for your rival
when he finally kicked off. The notion made sense, a lot of sense.
So you buried your ambition long enough to get picked up by the
Mnemoi (suckers! ), and now you're honing your skills.

Because everybody dies someday, and when the man who
beat you at your own game does, you want to be ready.

Concept: You're a low-level Mnemos who thinks he's a lot
bigger deal than he is. You see the places in the Guild hierarchy
you want to ascend, but in the meantime you're getting ready for
your revenge. You still have an eye for others' belongings, though,
and now you're after the most precious ones of all — memories.
To take away even someone else's remembrance of a happy time
and make it your own gives you a thrill like nothing else, and
you're not shy about indulging.

Roleplaying Hints: Butter wouldn't melt in your mouth,
and to call you a weasel is to insult small carnivores everywhers
You know what you want, and you know how to get it out of
people, and that's all there is to it. You have no mercy and no
pity, just a sense of your desires. You listen to your Shadow a
great deal. He makes a lot of sense, and he speaks your language.
You two make a good team, and you're not going to do anything
to screw up the partnership.

Relics: Cross pen, datebook, Rolex

140 Ends of Empire

Ve


Faulty Monitor

Quote: Of course I belong here. Here's my authorization, both
from the sector head and from the Anacreon of Iron. The question is,
do you belong here?

Prelude: Contrary to the image presented in James Bond mov-
ies and John LeCarre thrillers, most spywork is dull, not deadly.
It's full of crop reports and demographics studies, with very few
helicopter chases, assignations with beautiful women or attempts
to prevent nuclear devastation at the hands of lunatic rogue gen-
erals with launch codes. Your life was a testament to that fact
though you admit, if the world were depending on you to save it
from nuclear annihilation, it might be wise to invest in canned
goods, shotguns and a bomb shelter.

For 40 long years you served the government, analyzing data
as it poured over your desk in an endless stream. Statistics were
your calling, and you could tease the most subtle facts from col-
umns of sheer numbers. You occasionally felt closed in by the rou-
tine, but you never envied the field agents. They could be shot,
tortured or maimed, while you were safe in the basement of a
nondescript office building. The whole country would have to
come tumbling down before anyone found you and your neat white
cube filled with neat stacks of neat numbers in neat little rows.

At least, that was the theory. You never knew what hit you.
(Well, you knew on one level: It was a black Lada.) You watched
your funeral from across the Shroud, counted the agency men in
the crowd, and mentally tallied up how much things were going
to slip without you there to keep the data moving.

The Mnemoi Reaped you. Apparently they'd had their eye
‘on you for quite a while. You were inducted and shown the opera-
tion, and immediately tsk-tsked at the inefficiency of it all. There
were more organized ways to keep track of which memories were
where, more organized ways to keep the Guild structured. So the
Guild elders put you to work, and, to make sure that what hap-
pened to you last time didn't happen again, they hid you — right
in plain sight.

The Monitors were ecstatic to get a recruit with your qualifi-
cations and skills. And just because no one could remember re-
cruiting you doesn't mean they should worry about where you
came from...

Concept: You're a deep-cover mole, being hidden where ev-
eryone sees what they think you are. The Monitors are a paranoid
lot, but you're used to paranoia. You do what you are supposed to
do for your "new" Guild, while helping to maintain the opera-
tions of your old one. You work hard at maintaining your cover,
but look forward to the day you'll be extracted. All this sneaking
around is hard on your nerves, after all.

Roleplaying Hints: You are ultra-cautious and conservative.
Make sure you know where everything is at all times, and don't
let anyone surprise you. Keep an eye out for the equivalent of that
black Lada, but don't let fear rule your existence. Oh, and make
sure everything's organized.

Relics: Spreadsheet pad, pen, glasses, impeccably forged credentials


Known to legend as one of the kings of the dead, or later one
of the judges of Dante's Hell, Minos is at the same time some-
thing less and something much, much greater. One of Charon's
oldest confederates — the rumors say that Charon was his
warleader in life — outside of the Ferrymen, Minos supported his
friend and compatriot through many of the early trials of the es-
tablishment of Stygia. Their paths diverged, however, as Charon
grew concerned with matters of secular power, while Minos delved
into matters of the soul.

Whether Minos discovered Mnemosynis, received it from
the Lady of Fate as a gift or otherwise came by a working knowl-
edge of the Arcanos is, in the end, immaterial. What is known
is that he emerged from a self-imposed exile during the days
after the First Great Maelstrom, and presented himself and his
new powers as a sign of fealty to the Emperor. Charon granted
him license to teach Mnemosynis to those he deemed worthy,
and those who passed Minos' scrutiny often rose to positions of
prominence in Stygia.

Minos was also instrumental in the creation of the veil of
deception under which his charges were "banished" from Stygia.
He offers swift and brutal punishment to those who betray the
trust Charon placed upon him, and reserves especial contempt
for those who try to barter Charon's secret in exchange for their
unworthy existences.

Minos' Haunt rests ona desolate island on the River of Death,
far removed from even the remotest vestiges of Stygian civiliza-
tion. He abides there in a rough hut, and spends most of his time
either in meditation upon his (and Charon's) memories, or over-
seeing the activities of the Guild. Very much against his will, Minos
has been forced to begin recruiting heavily for the Guild of late,
and he fears that some unworthy souls have passed beneath his
scrutiny, undetected.

Minos appears as a king of ancient Crete, which indeed he
was. His beard is curled and oiled, his raiment rich and his signs of
office those which would befit a king. He rarely takes time to
array himself in proper splendor, however, and for the last 300
years those signs of office have rested in a pile on the floor of his
hut. Still, Minos remembers how to make an appearance when
splendor is called for, and those who have seen him in his wrath
still tremble at the memory.

Of all the wraiths in Stygia, Minos reserves his greatest ha-
tred for the Smiling Lord. It is Minos himself who carries Charon's
memories of the Deathlord's treachery during the Fourth Great
Maelstrom, and he alone knows the depths of the Smiling Lord's
perfidy. It is almost inconceivable to Minos that anyone would
willingly betray Charon, and the fact that the traitor has been
allowed to remain in a position of power and honor is something
Minos broods on endlessly.

Phaedra

Whereas Minos is the head of the Mnemoi, Phaedra is per-
haps the Guild's hand and heart. Utterly nondescript in appear-
ance, she moves throughout Stygia protected by her almost pre-
ternatural ordinariness. It is she who maintains the Guild's irregular

142 Ends of Empire

| ah aces fm he As

Minos

contacts with its few, fragile allies, she who scans the ranks of the
newly dead (and about to die) looking for those who might be
suitable for the task ahead. And it is Phaedra who hears the tales
of Mnemoi who have been caught or destroyed, and who sheds
bitter tears over the loss.

Contrary to popular belief, Phaedra and Minos are not lov-
ers. Indeed, there is something of a formal dislike that has crystal-
lized between the two over the years as Minos has clung to duty
while Phaedra has wept at the loss of so many good wraiths. How-
ever, her devotion to the Guild's duty is no weaker than his; it
merely wears less martial garb.

Phaedra is also among the few surviving pre-Stygian wraiths,
a Minoan princess who once dallied with the noble Theseus. She
served briefly with those who became Pardoners, then assisted
Charon in preparing for his descent in the Labyrinth and in time
found her way to Minos. For centuries, she has done those tasks
for which Minos was not suited, and has to a large degree remade
the Guild in her image as a result.

Tens of thousands of wraiths have seen Phaedra and never
known it, as she is a master of deflecting attention from herself.
Despite her reputation as a legendary beauty, Phaedra goes about
as a slight, middle-aged woman, her silvered hair tied back in a
bun and her clothes showing nothing of rank or age. She wears a
belt of simple weave that was given to her by Almanzar before
that wraith's destruction, and that belt is by far her most cher-
ished possession.

Phaedra is also responsible for the initiations of new Mnemoi,
as apart from Minos she holds the greatest share of Charon's memo-
ries, and her personality is less apt to terrify new recruits. She has
anumber of Haunts throughout Stygia and the Shadowlands where
she performs the rituals of initiation and transfer, and it amuses
her to effect the transfers of Charon's memories below the streets
the Deathlords' troops walk. Phaedra's own retreat is within the
restored palace of Minos on Crete, a place that even the place's
former owner hesitates to enter without invitation.

Almanzar

Almanzar's name is a watchword among the Mnemoi for
faith, integrity and loyalty. No wraith was more devoted to the
ideals of truth and justice than Almanzar, yet today Stygian
wraiths spit when they hear his name. For it was Almanzar's fate
to be sacrificed on the altar of Charon's great need, his name
blackened unfairly for all time because, as Minos put it, "Some-
one must fall."

Almanzar was one of the great Judges of Stygia, and his court
was renowned as the fairest and swiftest on the Isle. Prisoners in
chains begged to be tried before him, and guilty wraiths did their
best to avoid his penetrating gaze. Indeed, before long even the
attempt to escape Almanzar's attentions was taken as a sign of
guilt. Among all the Mnemoi, none — not even Minos — had a
greater reputation for integrity with the citizenry of the Empire.

It was that reputation that, in the end, cost Almanzar. When
Charon and Minos agreed that the Mnemoi would be banished,
it was determined that a reason needed to be trumped up for that
banishment, so that none would question the decision. The
method they chose was corruption: The judges and inquisitors
would be shown to be tainted, so that they could no longer be
trusted or even tolerated. But as long as Almanzar stood as a sym-
bol of the incorruptible system of justice, the attempt was doomed
to fail or, even worse, half-succeed.


Minos brought his dilemma to Almanzar, who suggested that
which Minos had feared to ask: That Almanzar himself be falsely
accused and punished, that his reputation be forever sullied, and
that he be sacrificed for the good of Stygia and the Guild. Minos
wept as he accepted the offer, and Phaedra wept when she visited
him later, for the last time.

And so it was that Almanzar, Judge of the Dead, went to his
destruction — accused by his friends for the best of reasons, jeered
by those who only hours before had dwelt in fear of him. Yet not
aword did Almanzar say in his defense, even when accused of the
most heinous abuses of his powers. Silent he stood in the dock,
and silent he went to the forges, and if he stood a moment in
wordless communion with Phaedra before accepting his fate, surely
even Charon could grant him that.

Today, every new Mnemos is taught the lesson of
Almanzar by Phaedra herself, so that they know full well the
weight of the trust being placed upon them. And while Stygian
wraiths mock the Judge's memory, the Mnemoi revere him,
and look forward to the day when once again, Almanzar's
memory is an honored one.

Sheldon

No one's sure if Sheldon is Sheldon's first name, last name or
pen name. It's just the name everyone knows, especially Necropolis
guards and Unlidded Eye regulars.

That's because Sheldon is the most accomplished, slipperi-
est, sneakiest memory pusher in all of the Empire, and unlike most
of the Mnemoi, he loves to flaunt what he's doing. Typically
Sheldon sets up shop in a Necropolis, spends a few days or weeks
feeling out the local scene, and then lets it be known that he's in
town. Anyone who's interested can let him know by any number
of methods — posting something on the Citadel gate, just to get
the Anacreons in a twist, is a particular favorite — and then,
when the time is right, Sheldon finds his clientele.

For what it's worth, Sheldon at least provides value for his
customers. In exchange for oboli, knowledge of various Arcanoi
arts, relics, Artifacts and details of what's going on in the Hierar-

chy, Sheldon give the best memorywipes, created histories, re-
membrances of happy times and other applications of the Mnemoi's
art in the Underworld. His clients are never dissatisfied (well,
those who are never remember it), and indeed, the Emerald Le-
gion in particular seems inclined toward a policy of benign ne- |
glect toward him.

Of course, darker rumors follow Sheldon as well. Supposedly
he also wipes out memories of Fetters and performs other, more
dastardly deeds for the right price. A client foolish enough to con-
front Sheldon with these accusations finds himself on the street
with no idea what he's doing in such a ratty part of town, and if
he's lucky he scurries home to deal with his confusion there.

Sheldon delights in pulling the Hierarchy's tail for whatever
reason. One of his personal favorites involves taking "bait" as-
signments, then implanting memories of working with the decoys
in settings as diverse as the Onyx Tower, the local Anacreons'
offices or Wrigley Field in Chicago. Sheldon also acts as his own
press agent, spreading stories of these exploits from city to city so
as to make the attempts to catch him look even more buffoonish
than they actually are.

The memory pusher looks like nothing so much as a stereo- ©
typical mid-1940s newsman, complete with battered hat, rumpled
coat and scuffed shoes. Rare witnesses suggest that Sheldon al-
ways decorates his Haunts luxuriously, and that his tatty public
appearance is a matter of image, but since public is the only place
people are likely to see Sheldon, what he wears in private is a
moot point.

Why Minos allows Sheldon to get away with this sort of be-
havior is a mystery, and Minos himself gets bad-tempered when
the matter is brought up. Insiders speculate that Sheldon is doing
something else for the Guild on his travels, but the discussion is
generally fruitless. Sheldon's true motives are inscrutable, and his |
public actions give no clue as to what they might be.

One of these days, Sheldon is likely to slip, and when he
does, it's going to get ugly. But in the meantime, he's having a

great deal of fun, and there are a lot of wraiths having fun along |)

with him.

Guildbook Mnemoi 143


N
BN
NY

ae


Pethaps the most disappointing thing about combat in the Underworld isthe fact that the bodies clean themselves up
afterward. You look around the field after a hard-won battle, and you expect to see some kind of evidence of your victory
— bodies strewn about, that sort of thing — but instead you ve got nada. Well, that's not quite true; occasionally you ge the
disgusting slurping sound that Nihils make, but realy, as far as deep-seated psychological satisfaction goes, that sort of
thing is sadly lacking.

At the moment, however, there are other compensations.

Chief among them is the lovely woman currently sitting on the front steps of what looks to be an abandoned
Pardoner shop. She's got long hair the color of cornsilk, all strageled out in a hundred different directions.
She's wearing jeans and a blue work shirt and raggedy-ass sneakers that look like they were ghosts 10 years
hefore she was. She still has that pocketwatch i remember her looking at all the time, all those years ago in
Boston, and now she's got a wickedly notched sword, too. Occasionally i meet her eyes; they re colorless, like
really deep water on a cloudy day.

Hd say that i think i'm in love, only it would be redundant to do so.

Le sigh, as a living friend of mine would say.

Le nausea, as I would say. jesus A. Christ om a stick, you rea sp. So what are you going to do now? Walk upto her
and say, Hey, baby, wana see my big shiny scythe? Tve got some etchings on my raft?" Want to go back to my raft and
make lke American beer ~ fucking clase to water?" Oooh, cant wat to see how you re going to operate with her. Damn,
/ want some popcorn when / get to watch this

"Shut up," i say, not terribly witty, and she turns to look at me with an eyebrow raised. "Uh, not you. Shadow problems.
You know."

She nods. "im familiar, though i have to confess that ve never heard of a Ferryman having them before."

Hehehehehe. She's on to you, Kidd!

"Wel, actually, the truth is that im..."

And then i hear it. Oh, God, no, not now. Not here.

Very faintly, off inthe distance, ican hear the steady tromp-tromp-tromp of marching feet in perfect unison, with counter
point from jingling chains.

The Mourners are loose in Styia, and they're headed my way.

She looks around asi trail off but doesnt see anything. That makes sense, because there's nothing to see, yet. "What
is it? What's wrong?"

"listen, we have to get out of here right now."

"Are you sure? This place seems pretty quiet at the moment.

"Fyactly," i say, and grab her hand. she yanks it right back, and makes me feel like an asshole to boot.


"Excuse me?"

My Shadow cackles. Smooth move, Ex-ax. "Oh, sorry again. Umm, look, we have to leave. Now. Were in alot of danger."

Oh, yeah, you re making serious points now. So, when are you going to start quoting movie lines?

"What are you talking about? There's nothing here."

"Not yet."

And then the Mourners turn the commer, and she jackrabbits out of there like a shot. it takes all of about hal a second for
me to follow her.

One of the weirdest things about Mourners is that no matter how slowly they seem to be shambling along, they make
absolutely amazing time. No matter how fast we go (and believe me, {am hard-pressed to keep up with this woman. Whatever
she's been doing for the past five years, she's learned how to make some serious speed), the Mourners follow and somehow,
- amazingly, gain ground. Every sie alley we try to cut down, they're wating in. Every shortcut we tryto take, they anticipate. And
still they gain on us.

ihad a close call with the Mourners the last time i was in Stygia, andi never quite believed that it was my interrogator they
were after that time instead of me. it looks lke someone back in the Mourners accounting department agrees with me, and has
sent the boys back to rectly their error.

"Were being herded someplace!" my companion shouts as we duck through the arch leading to the Street of Amphora. it
makes sense. The way the Mourners picked up ground initially, they could have had usin under a minute, Now they seem content
just to move us along.

"You're right," | say, and think for a second. ‘Keep moving. im going to try something."

"What? she calls back, but as islam on the brakes and turn around, she sprints out of earshot in a matter of seconds. The
column of Mourners flows toward me like a gray and brown tide, surging up the street and filling it with row upon row of lost
souls. They're all looking at me, i swear, and they don't slow down a bit.

Maybe this wasn t such a good idea alter al

i realy hope she got away. really hope i's me that theyre after, and nother. i realy hope this isnt going to hut too much.

qhen the Mourners reach me, andthe wave of them splits and flows around me like im a rock inthe middle ofa stream. Not
a one so much as touches me, but i am surrounded by them.

And suddenly, | see

i see the first Ferrymen trying to bring their Fetters across the Shroud for safekeeping, and the horror that resulted.
i see the Masquers hiring the Solicitors to inflame the ambition of the three eldest Arifcers, and the failed revolt that
follows. i see Charon in audience with the Oracles, learning his destiny. i see the banishment of the Mnemoi, and the
terrible secret with which they have been entrusted. { see Charon's descent with Gorool and the hope of ultimate triumph
he takes with him.


isee it all. And when i have finished seeing i find myself siting on the stones of the streets of Stygia, weeping like a child.

There, ther, i hear Severus voice say. Come. Follow the Mourners. There are great things occurring now, things that you
must witness.

i stand and follow the current of Mourners through the streets. know where they are going now. They are traveling to the
Onyx Tower, to bear witness to Charon' return. And so i follow them to the hill overlooking the courtyard before the Tower. They
stand in serried ranks atthe top ofthe bluff, looking down, and i stand with them. Severus holds the place next to mine, which
surprises me not at al. The woman id managed to speak to briefly is here as well, which does surprise me. i look at Severus, and
somehow know that he commanded the Mourners to keep her safe.

Severus turns to look at me, and raises a single finger to his cow in a gesture meant to hush me. There is history happening
in front of us; we should simply observe. Charon has returned. The surviving Guildmasters and other wraiths of importance stand
around him, and the remaining Mnemoi as wel. Legionnaires and ordinary citizens, as well as a scattering of ferrymen, surround
them. The stage is set for earthshattering events, for greatness.

And then the Mnemoi gather around Charon, and there i light of some sort that reaches down from the skies, and {realize
along with the rest of the empire that maybe Charon isn't back to save the day after all


: Appendix:
Foilogues and Fina

A Quick Guid
o What rely Happened

And Whom it Happened To

Here's a quick guide to some of the major players in Wraith
over the last five years, their parts in Ends of Empire and their
ultimate fates.

© Xerxes Jones (from Mediums)

Xerxes fulfills his dream of performing live-fire experi-
ments with fusion devices in the Labyrinth, with tragic con-
sequences. He is in his solo exploratory craft deep within the
maze when the Smiling Lord's device detonates over Enoch.
The resultant shockwave triggers Jones' nuke early, detonat-
ing it within a few short miles of the Well of the Void. The
two explosions and the position of the second blast combine
to create the Sixth Great Maelstrom. To no one's surprise,
Jones perishes in the blast.

* Thusimos (from Sandmen)

Thusimos perpetrates the hoax on the other Guildmasters
that focuses their attention on the Labyrinth at a critical time.
He is at peace with himself for what he has done, and is de-
stroyed during the Sixth Great Maelstrom. The Guild as a

148

Ends of Empire

whole does much better than one would think during those
trying times, as the training provided by extended sessions in
The Horror Show (see Book of Worlds) pays off.

* Miklos, Guildmaster of the Chanteurs

Like the Smiling Lord, Miklos came to an agreement with
Yu Huang. The Chanteur was to take a place at the head of the
Emperor's stable of artists and a position within the palace equal
to any of the four Ministers, in exchange for certain services.
Chief among those was the transformation of Lord Ember into a
Spectre, weakening Stygian defenses immeasurably on the eve
of invasion. Miklos failed in his task, and his treachery was un-
covered by the Mnemos Phaedra. It is believed that the Chanteur
took refuge with his would-be patron, but there is no conclusive
evidence to that effect.

After the fall of Stygia, the Chanteurs splinter. While indi-
vidual masters of Keening are still welcomed as guests in many
Necropoli, the Guild as a whole ceases to exist.

© Slander, Master Assassin of the Masquers

There are no fewer than eight wraiths who bear the name
Slander, all equally deadly. Most, if not all, survive the fall of
Stygia and continue to build upon their legend in the days
that come.

* Lord Ember, Guildmaster of the Artificers

Lord Ember is part of the party that stands with the reborn
Charon and the Deathlords. Persuaded grudgingly to abandon
his own plans for the rescue of Charon, Ember takes part in the
final stand before the Onyx Tower. Loyal (in his own way) to


the end, he falls before one of the Hekatonkhire, but not before
destroying it in turn. He descends into a Harrowing, and none
see him return.

* Brother Tenacious, Guildmaster pro tem of the Pardoners

In the aftermath of Sister Acceptance's disappearance and
the demolition of Stygian society, Brother Tenacious takes the
Guild back to its roots. The Pardoners are everywhere in the ru-
ined Necropoli, tending to the wounded, helping fight off resur-
gent Spectres and otherwise restoring the Guild's good (and well-
deserved, now) reputation.

° Erik

Erik is Severus' candidate for inclusion in the Ferrymen
for years before he himself knows it. Picked by the Navigatus
to set the fatal events of Ends of Empire in motion, he brings
news of Enoch's existence to Stygia, and thus helps precipi-
tate the Sixth Great Maelstrom. At the end of the battle, he
rejects Severus' offer of membership in the Boatmen's Soci-
ety, and instead chooses to seek his fortune in the devastated
Shadowlands.

¢ "Sock Girl"

One of the most powerful Chanteurs in the Underworld, yet
completely unknown to the Guild, the nameless girl whose Pas-
sion involves collecting relics of lost things survives the Mael-
strom handily. Indeed, it's not even certain if she noticed any-
thing unusual was going on. Even in the afterlife, innocence pos-
sesses a certain resiliency.

* Persephone (from Risen)

The oldest of the Risen, Persephone tries to flee into the
Skinlands when she receives warnings of the incipient Maelstrom.
Her Shadow delays her crossing just long enough, however, and
she ends up crossing the Shroud at the precise moment the Mael-
strom hits. Some form of resonance ensues, and wraiths by the
thousands are blown across the Shroud into the Skinlands. Some
possess bodies that are not their own, some return to their own
rotting cadavers, and some are simply lost. Chaos, and other, less
pleasant things, ensue.

* Maxwell Carpenter (from Shadowplayers Guide)

One of the cleverer Doppelgangers extant, Carpenter is
caught in the backlash from Persephone's transition and blown
through the Shroud himself. He finds himself in Chicago, in a

new body, but with a very old mission of vengeance in mind.

* Hungry Maw (from Doomslayers)

Hungry Maw is incinerated in the blast from Jones' device.

* Lord Nhudri

Nhudri is last seen taking charge of the Corpus of the dis-
graced Smiling Lord. He is not seen during the battle for Stygia,
and later explorers find his smithy destroyed as if by blows from a
gigantic hammer. It is believed that he returns to the Labyrinth
to meditate on his works and ponder some form of reparations to
the Underworld.

* Datian Severus

Severus protects and trains his protégé, Erik, for several years
in preparation for the day of reckoning. He regrets bitterly the
impossible situation he is forced to push his student into, but un-
derstands the necessity. It is his intention that Erik be rewarded
for his service by early induction into the Ferrymen, but Fate has
other plans. After Erik's refusal to take up the oar and sickle,
Severus returns to Dis briefly before journeying to the Far Shores.

© Midian, Haunter Guildmaster

When the Shroud suffers its near-fatal moment of weakness,
itis as if the jubilee has come for the Haunters. Hundreds escape
across the Shroud. Midian leads them, leaving the ever-cautious
Dr. Shudder to deal with events in the Deadlands — and to try to
re-create the event.

¢ Rasputin, Puppeteer Extraordinaire

Rasputin exits with alacrity across the Shroud when the op-
portunity presents itself. Many of his compatriots in the Guild
follow suit.

* Fix, Spook Legbreaker

Fix is volunteered by his superiors for the abortive march
into the Labyrinth after Charon, but he smells a rat and ducks
out. He is last seen fighting on the walls of the Buffalo Necropolis,
cursing a blue streak and wreaking havoc on the Spectres foolish
enough to try him.

¢ Artemus Vanderwal, Spook Commissioner

Vanderwal survives the final storm, as he has survived every-
thing else Fate has thrown his way. Most of his fellow Commis-
sioners do not, and Vanderwal takes it on himself to rebuild the
Spooks from the ground up — in his own image.

© Anna Zhilinsky (from Doomslayers: Into the Labyrinth)

Zhilinsky is one of the wraiths responsible for the Spectre
storage program that proves so disastrous to Stygia. Fittingly, she
perishes when the imprisoned doomshades escape and rampage
through the streets of Stygia. The Doomslaying orders survive the
destruction of Stygia in tatters, but valiantly close ranks and at-
tempt to fulfill their mission even after the empire that brought
them forth has vanished.

* Marcus Stavaston (from Book of Legions)

While the Silent Legion (and indeed, all of the Legions)
technically ceases to exist after the fall of Stygia, Stavaston
becomes the equivalent of the Silent Lord in the days follow-
ing the Maelstrom. He performs brilliantly in the rearguard
action at the evacuation of Stygia, and by acclaim helps lead
the survivors afterward.

© The Skeletal Lord

"Mister Bonyhands" is Charon's most trusted ally among the
Deathlords, and spends the decades after Charon's fall trying to
hold the empire (as he sees it) true to Charon's vision. He sus-
pects the Smiling Lord of treason, but has no proof, and falls in
the final defense of Stygia. Through sheer force of will, he escapes
his Destruction Harrowing and now wanders the Labyrinth, seek-
ing either escape or revenge.

© The Beggar Lord

He survives, somehow. He always does. After the transfer of
power (at the end of "The Last Danse Macabre"), he fakes his
own destruction and retreats to the Copenhagen Necropolis, there
to nurse his wounds in secret and see to the future.

© The Ladies of Fate

They, and their patroness, are never seen again after the fall
of Stygia. The Legion of Fate suffers disproportionately high casu-
alties during the Maelstrom, and is effectively shattered.

© The Laughing Lady

She is the first Deathlord to fall in the defense of Stygia, and
frankly the others are just as happy to see her go. With no clear
successor behind her, she leaves behind chaos. The members of
her Legion dissolve and attach themselves to other groups all across

Epilogues and Final Fates 149


the Underworld. In time, former membership in the Penitent Le-
gion becomes a mark of shame.

¢ The Ashen Lady

The Ashen Lady's followers do their best to prepare the
Necropoli for the Maelstrom they know is coming. While their
leader is destroyed in the defense of Stygia, the wraiths of the Iron
Legion are good, tough and organized. They form the core around
which many Necropoli rebuild.

* The Smiling Lord

Despite his defeat during the Fourth Great Maelstrom, the
Smiling Lord still harbors poisonous ambition throughout the
20th century. In 1986 he makes an alliance with Yu Huang,
each thinking he has outsmarted the other. Yu Huang wants to
use the Smiling Lord to lower Stygia's defenses, while the
Deathlord wants to use Stygia's might to weaken Yu Huang
sufficiently that he might conquer both empires. It is at this
time that he begins salvaging relic nuclear devices from Los
Alamos, to use on his erstwhile ally should it become neces-
sary. The use of the bomb on Enoch is intended as a demon-
stration and a warning to Yu Huang, one which goes unheeded.
Needless to say, neither side gets what it wants. The Smiling
Lord is unmasked and destroyed, while his Legion fragments
and takes both sides in the Necropolis fighting. After the dust
settles, many of the "loyalist" Grim Legionnaires take up with
independent or even Heretic groups. A sizable number of their
opposites take up Doomslaying in hopes of finding the Smiling
Lord in the Labyrinth and rescuing him.

© The Renegade Lord

His myth endures, even if he does not. Most Renegade groups
are pounded mercilessly by the Sixth Great Maelstrom. The ranks
of those who called themselves Renegade are thinned consider-
ably by the storm and the invasion, and in the aftermath of the
destruction of Stygia, such distinctions blur anyway.

* The Unlidded Eye

Charon's inquisitors are notable by their absence in the
events leading up to the fall of Stygia. They also maintain a
discreet silence throughout the years afterward, which arouses
much debate among those who had felt their tender ministra-
tions previously. Rumors abound, though the most credible are
that the entire order voluntarily accepted destruction after
Charon Transcended, or that the Smiling Lord had them ex-
terminated. Regardless of cause, they, and any secrets they held,
are lost to the ages.

© Spartacus

The wily old campaigner decides to return to action just in
time for all hell to break loose. He is among those wraiths sent
through the Shroud, and finds himself immediately getting into
hot water all over again in the Skinlands.

* Coldheart

The General of Oblivion is overwhelmed during the final
assault on Stygia. With his destruction, the offensive falls to pieces,
and eventually the Spectral forces fall back from the Isle. Coldheart
never does realize his ambition to destroy Alexander's ghost; the
King of Macedon fell into the Void centuries ago with not so much
as a single dirge to mark his passing. All the evil Coldheart did
was, in the end, for naught.

© The Enclaves of Wire

The wraiths of the Shoah are warned of the incipient storm
by the Ferrymen, and prepare themselves for it as they have pre-
pared themselves for every other trial they have faced in the af-

150 Ends of Empire

terlife: with ruthless efficiency. While there is fierce fighting in
many of the Wire Necropoli, they endure.

* Enoch

The black city of vampires endures for days, rather than
the expected hours, against the combined might of the Stygian
navy. In the end, it becomes clear that the Smiling Lord has
no intention of reducing the city through conventional tac-
tics, and calls in the Stygian air force. A lone bomber carrying
a relic nuclear device flies in behind a cover screen of fighters
and delivers its payload perfectly. The city is leveled as a re-
sult, its defenders incinerated. The Stygian fleet outside fares
only marginally better, with many ships foundering and others
being blown into distant reaches of the Tempest by the force
of the blast. The explosion triggers a Class Three Maelstrom
that surges down into the Labyrinth. There, it catches Xerxes
Jones, and things progress.

When the smoke clears, Enoch is a smoking ruin mostly
covered by the waves of the Sea of Shadows. Its inhabitants,
ghostly and vampiric alike, are either destroyed or scattered,
and there were no visible survivors of the explosion. Of the
entities supposedly sleeping in the crypt beneath the city,
there is no sign. Perhaps the blast was not sufficient to awaken
them, perhaps they were destroyed, or perhaps they were never
there at all.

© Swar

As the Maelstrom breaks, the gates of Swar open for all those
who wait outside. They hurry in, seeking shelter.

For the next century, Swar dines very well indeed.

* The Sea Which Knows No Sun

When the storm sweeps over Ru's Archipelago, many of the
islands harboring families of ghosts are swept away by the force of
the Maelstrom. Of those souls pushed into the sea, some become
Maku, ironically strengthening the Polynesian Underworld's de-
fenses against Yu Huang. The drum of creation never stops beat-
ing, however, and new islands are born, slowly replacing those
which were lost.

¢ The Mirrorlands

The Sixth Great Maelstrom cuts out all contact between
the Island Below the Sea and the Mirrorlands for quite some
time. Cut off from Les Mystéres, the Loa slowly come to regard
themselves as abandoned, and move to establish for themselves
a new social order. Eventually, the Petro faction comes out in
top in the political struggle, and incidents of ghostly meddling
with Les Chevaux rise tremendously. However, the interven-
tion is not malicious, it's just more frequent. Proof of Les
Invisibles' existence becomes harder and harder to support, while
many of the Caribbean islands provide destinations for souls
forced through the Shroud.

* The Bush of Ghosts

The Maelstrom makes Ocean almost impassable, and the
African Deadlands become very much isolated from the rest of
the Underworld. No one in any of the other Dark Kingdoms has
any idea what goes in the Lost Kingdoms, and the Orishas like it
that way.

New Orleans is one of the targets of the Jade assault. A
strange three-cornered battle rages between troops from the Yel-
low Springs, the Bush of Ghosts and the Mirrorlands until the
Maelstrom makes all concerns moot. Eventually, the queen of
the city regains her dominion. To keep it, however, she must
make several compromises to appease her Rada allies, who ar-

rived from the Mirrorlands in time to tip the scales of battle
against the invaders.

* The Flayed Lands

When the storm comes, the denizens of the Flayed Lands
simply take refuge and wait: They have seen this before, and are
prepared for it.

© The Islands of Flint

Cut off from the Shadowlands by the Maelstrom, the I s -
lands of Flint survive the storm/aurprisinglywellaThe lack
of access to the Shadowlands means that territories that
were previously off-limits to Stygian wraiths become flooded A.
arieehostly refugees: 2

Karta <=
The Dreamtime is as it always has been, regard- S|
less of events in the upper Underworld. Only a
thought of the Great Storm touches it, a momen- go] —

tary disquiet. The Australian Shadowlands are j
not so lucky, and take a pounding as fierce as any suffered

by Stygian territory. Much of the construction of the | eS
Shadowlands is scoured clean, leaving only shift- 4
ing gray sands and ruins.

© Yu Huang and the Yellow Springs

The rumors are true: Qin Shihuang was replaced by a
Malfean ages ago, albeit the eldest of the Onceborn variety.
He has stolen a march on most of his rivals by establishing
himself as a power in the near Underworld, but his subsumption
of the original Jade Emperor has made him somehow more
human than he might otherwise have been. Yu Huang's goal is
eventually dominion over the entire Underworld, and he sees
Stygia as the largest obstacle to that goal. (His earlier defeat in
the Sea That Knows No Sun he has written off as a fluke.)
Hence, the alliance with the Smiling Lord and the invasion
Unfortunately, the Maelstrom shatters everyone's plans, and
the invasion founders. While the Empire maintains some foot-
holds in Stygian territory, the storm belches forth new rivals
for Yu Huang, and he must turn his attention to them. While
he does so, new revolts break out in the Conquered Territories
and on the border with the Indian Deadlands, necessitating

that most of the troops return home.

¢ The Malfeans

Many of the Onceborn perish in fire and pain when
the blast from Xerxes Jones' nuclear device fills the Laby-
rinth. Many of the Neverborn begin to stir uneasily in their
slumber, their dreams of dark power and destruction inter-
rupted. Slowly but surely, a few begin the long ascent to-
ward wakefulness.

© Stygia
In the wake of the fall of the Isle of Sorrows, Stygia be-
cropoli be-

comes once more a nation of cities. Individual N
come self-governing, and contact with other cities is tenta-
tive and frail due to the storm. Making matters worse is the
loss of central authority for the Anacreons to rely upon. Some
cities become strongholds of individual Legions, while oth-
ers become loose confederations. Many fall. Others devolve
into anarchy. In some places, the Guilds re-emerge and take
power; they are organized and powerful enough to do so now
that there is no Stygian authority opposing them. A few be-
come enclaves of Heretical activity, and traffic to the Far
Shotes increases markedly. Interestingly enough, some return
traffic begins as well.


Most of Stygia's laws, especially the Dictum Mortuum, fall
into disfavor. It is a new age in the Underworld. Many of the old
institutions are, like the ones who created them, vanishing.

Storytelling Alter the Fall

So Wraith ends here, at least for the moment. Stygia has
fallen. Much of the information in various Wraith supplements
is, to put it mildly, out of date. It would seem that continuing
Wraith chronicles past the point where Ends of Empire, well,
ends, would be problematic.

Nonsense. Just because the books may stop flowing for a while
doesn't mean that you have to stop playing, or that there's noth-
ing more to say. The destruction of Stygia ends some old possibili-
ties, but creates plenty of new ones. Here are a few ideas as to
where you can take your chronicle now that the world's turned
upside down all over again.

Rebuild This City

The characters are the Anacreons (or perhaps just the se-
nior surviving officials) of an isolated Necropolis. Cut off from
the rest of the Underworld and besieged by Spectres, they must
rebuild their city while fending off challenges both external and
internal. Renegade gangs and Heretic fanatics may attempt to
mount coups, Guildwraiths could come forward to seize power,
and there's still the little matter of the Great Maelstrom wailing
outside. Can the characters make their Necropolis strong again,
or will they watch it crumble?

Stranded!

The wraiths are caught outside when the Great Maelstrom
hits. Can they find shelter before they become victims of the storm?
Where will the storm winds blow them, and what perils might

» they face that other wraiths, safe behind Necropolis walls, will
never see? Conversely, what treasures might the Maelstrom re-
veal or dredge up from the Tempest?

Up From the Ashes

The characters belong to one of the Guilds, now no longer
outlawed. However, that doesn't mean that other wraiths like
or trust them. Can the wraiths help to restore their Guild to its
former place of glory, or will centuries of accumulated suspi-
cion drive them back underground? And what if the Guild starts
taking power in the characters' Necropolis — where do they
stand then?

Digging Through Ruins

Stygia is abandoned in the wake of Charon's Transcendence.
That doesn't mean that everything of value is gone from the Isle,
however. There are treasures beyond reckoning there, and un-
imaginable dangers as well. What might a dedicated team of "sal-
vage professionals" find? What if there are other teams there in
competition with the characters, or serving masters who want the
characters eliminated? And just because the wraiths have left the
island doesn't mean that all of the Spectres have.

Last Desperate Message

The characters are trapped in a besieged Necropolis. With-
out help, it's only a matter of days before the city falls to the Mael-
strom. It's up to the characters to try to get a message out and find
some help. Can they escape the siege, defy the storm and bring
back help before it's too late? Will they bring back enough aid,
and what if the cure is worse than the disease?

152 Ends of Empire

Take the Battle To the Enemy

With all of the Spectres in creation riding the winds of
the Sixth Great Maelstrom, it's the perfect time to go for a
Helldive. After all, if all of the Spectres are out here, there
shouldn't be any at home guarding the nest. Maybe the char-
acters are trying to rescue someone they believe is trapped in
the Labyrinth, or perhaps they just want to kick the Hive-Mind
where it hurts. Either way, a Doomslaying expedition in the
middle of a Maelstrom is possibly the most audacious thing a
band of wraiths can attempt.

Against Fate

Perhaps your chronicle begins before the events of Ends of
Empire. Somehow the characters have gotten wind of what's go-
ing to happen, and have decided either to help or hinder the
events. As Fate moves history relentlessly forward, can the char-
acters do anything to save more of Stygia?

On the Walls

This chronicle is set during the first wave of the Great Mael-
strom. The characters are part of a city's defenses against the storm
(perhaps even Stygia). As the alarm bells toll, they find them-
selves in desperate battle with invaders from both the Labyrinth
and the Jade Empire. Can they survive? Will they make allegiance
with one side against the other? And how long can they protect
their city?

Through the Shroud

A friend of the characters is one of those unfortunates who
has been blown through the Shroud into the Skinlands, and they
have no idea where to find him. Now, suddenly, they need to
locate him. The trail is cold, and the road is long, and there are
many obstacles to be overcome. Can they find him in time? Will
they join him in the Skinlands? What will it take to bring him
home, especially if he doesn't want to go?

Transcendence

Now, more than ever, the Underworld is a particularly in-
hospitable place to dwell. Transcendence, now that Charon''s as-
cent has demonstrated its veracity, seems more and more appeal-
ing to the vast ruck and run of wraiths. But there are no teachers
left, it seems, to show the way to Transcendence. Can the charac-
ters uncover the path out of the Underworld, or will they be frus-
trated as have so many before them?

To the Far Shores

Likewise, the near Underworld is a royal mess. However,
no one knows how the Far Shores fared. They couldn't possi-
bly be worse off than the Shadowlands or Stygia, could they?
There's only one way to find out — set sail though the Mael-
strom to uncover the truth, and maybe a better place. What
might they find?

The Whole Wide World

Maelstroms, particularly not Great Maelstroms, are not an
exclusively Stygian phenomenon. Perhaps the characters want to
see how the other Dark Kingdoms fared. Maybe they're sent as
part of a delegation to Yu Huang, charged with negotiating an
end to hostilities, or they have ties to other Dark Kingdoms and
want to see if they suffered less damage than did Stygia. Then
again, maybe the characters just want to travel to exotic lands
where they're less likely to end up as Spectre fodder.

Shadow-Eaten

Not a chronicle to be undertaken likely, this story assumes
that the characters went over to the other side during the Sixth
Great Maelstrom. Now they're back, riding the winds of the storm

and looking for things to wreck. There's still opposition out there,
much to their surprise, but surely Oblivion's going to win this
engagement. Right?

Mercenaries

The Necropoli need help, and the characters are just the
wraiths to give them that help. The chronicle moves from city to
city as the wraiths face new challenges at each stop, from simple
combat to internecine strife to Doppelganger infiltration. The
characters can be wandering Pardoners and Guildwraiths, merce-
naries or just plain folks who want to help. In any case, there's no
shortage of excitement waiting for them.

I'm Baaaaack!

Notall of the major players in Stygia were destroyed defend-
ing the Isle. Two members of the Artificers' Three, most of the
wraiths named Slander, the Beggar Lord and countless others es-
caped. Perhaps one or more of them see an opportunity. Will the
characters join or fight them, and in what capacity? Do they even
know who's out there, or does the grandee wish to remain anony-
mous? And if so, what happens when his secret is revealed?

The New Deathlords

If the characters survived the adventure in this book,
they're essentially the new Deathlords. They have access to as
much of Charon's memory and treasure trove as they can carry,
and the responsibility of rebuilding Stygia is in their hands. If
there aren't enough trials and tribulations for a heck of a lot of
chronicle sessions in the rebuilding of an Empire in the face of

aGreat Maelstrom, Spectral assaults, resurgent powermongers,
a violation of the Shroud and so on, there's something wrong.
Whom can the characters trust to help them rebuild? Who
must be weeded out? Can Stygia even be re-established? It's up
to you and your players.

terword

So this is the end, at least for now. Originally this storyline
was intended to play out over eight years (the words "foolishly
optimistic" do not begin to describe my mindset at taking over
Wraith), but you take what Fate gives you. I hope the tucks and
seams aren't too noticeable, and that you enjoy your walk through
Stygia's last hours as much as I enjoyed imagining them.

I'd like to thank everyone who ever worked on a Wraith
book — all the writers, artists, editors, layout folks and espe-
cially the other developers — for being part of something that,
in my humble opinion, has been pretty damn wonderful. Thank
you, all of you. Your contributions have been appreciated more
than you know.

Thanks as well are due to all of you out there who have played
Wraith, read Wraith and just generally given enough of a damn
to check it out. This is, as it has always been, for you.

Meee


So now it's over. it's all over. Charon is dead, again — Transcended, | think - and permanently this time. His
empire has died with him. Stygia is a wreck. The Maelstrom continues unabated, though the local infestation of
Spectres seems to have been quelled. i think we put down 10000 or so by the time it was all over, if you can
believe that. Word is straggling back from the Necropoli of fighting there, but suddenly it doesn't seem very
important. The Deathlords are gone, cut down in the line of duty. i wonder how many of my old Renegade
acquaintances would have fought as hard or as well in a hopeless battle to buy time for others. Not as many as
they themselves would think, | suspect.

You learn strange things about people when they don't have time to bullshit you, i guess.

The Lady of Fate is still here, big surprise. i got a chance to speak with her, very briefly. She's much more approach-
able than you'd think, and it didnt surprise me one bit to discover that hers was the last face fd seen during my
hallucinations on the Sunless Sea. She seemed glad to see me, and expressed satisfaction at my progress. it's terrifying to
know what sort of powers were looking down on me as i made my way across the Underworld. She also mentioned that she
was very tired, and she was hoping that her son would wind up his affairs soon so she could resolve matters with him. That
sort of surprised me, seeing as i didn't think any of the Deathlords had any Fetters left. So, i asked how old her son was.
(it wouldn't have been polite to ask Aer about her age, afterall.) she said around nine or ten thousand yeas but that no
one was really counting anymore except the vampires.

i get the definite feeling that im out of my depth here.

There are stl a lot of ferrymen milling about, as those who werent cut down inthe fighting don t seem to have gotten back
on tei ats. There are refugees leaving the city ina surprisingly orderly fashion; Legionnaires, other wraiths and even a few
Ferrymen ae organizing the evacuation. A group of strangers i dont recognize is sanding on the landing ofthe Onyx Tower,
talking amonest themselves rather aetatedly. The way everyone's deferring to them, they seem to be in charge. They look kind
of young, deadwise, to be running the show, but what do iknow? im just a failed wannabe Ferryman.

Just keep on believing that, Kidd

Heh. its nice to know i haven lost everything in this wreck. At least my Shadow is still with me.

Always and forever, Erk

i erin wanly, and look around.

Severus is standing on my left: the sinister side, i remember from my high school Latin. He's saying nothing, but rather
waiting for me to speak.

"So." it seems a good way to start. ‘Now what?"

"That's up to you, Erik," Severus replies. i see now that he's leaning heavily on his scythe. He looks tired. ive never
seen him look tired before. i mean, i've never seen him look anything before, if you know what i mean. He's always been
Severus, impeturbable and barely human. Until today, id never even seen his face, just the glow of his eyes from beneath

his cowl. Now, though, he just looks like a tired old man with an eagle's beak of a nose and a Caesar haircut. He's gone
gray, as if that's some sort of big surprise.

"What do you mean, ifs up to me? i washed out, didnt i? i got clobbered by one lousy Doppelganger, and when i looked
up you were gone. | figured id failed and that you were done with me, so i set off to do what {could on my own." He starts
laughing, and it gets me anery to see. What? Whats so damned funny?"

"Oh, Erik, that's the funniest thing i've heard in decades. { abandoned you? You failed? Oh, dear..." And then he collapses
into wheezing gusts of laughter that, before too long, prove contagious. find myself sitting on my ass on the ground, cackling
like a madman. My traveling companion turns to look at us quizzically, clearly not understanding why the two guys in the
bathrobes have completely lost it. Fm not sure i know why myself, but this feels good.

Eventually she turns back to watching the parade, and Severus and i wind down. i pull my knees in and drop the scythe, then
wait for an explanation.

Severus gets the hint. "Really, Erik, this is the one concern we always had about you. Unless you get an engraved
invitation to do so, you won t even get out of bed in the morning. So we needed to see how you d perform by yoursel:
you'd done well enough on the other tests, as it were. it seemed best, then, to force you to act on your own, to leave
you to your own devices and see what came: of it. | must say, we did not anticipate this," and he nods toward our


companion, complication. im still not sure how her presence will affect things. But i can tell you one thing, Erik. The
testing is over."

"its over? So im done?"

"Not at all. You're just beginning. The Underworld needs us now, more than ever, Erik. Many of the best of us
have been destroyed, or gone on to their well-earned rewards. But the Maelstrom shows no sign of abating, and there
are a great many lost souls who need our lanterns to show them the way. Perhaps we'll even resume commerce with
the Far Shores — they seem the safest place for many of these poor ghosts, and he waves his arm, loosely taking in
the thousands of wraiths pouring over the bridges to get off the isle. "No, there's too much work to be done to be
thinking of endings."

i stand up and look at him, unbelieving. "You mean that (m...now im one of...

He nods, as if he's talking to a bright but not terribly sensible three-year-old. "Yes. The higher initiations await
you. Once we are finished here, we will be leaving, and you will be coming with us. You have a destiny, Erik, one
that's been foreordained. | am sorry for the pain it has caused you, but there are higher purposes that must be served.
You are one of.us now.

ilet his words sink in and say nothing. 'm a Ferryman now. its the last thing i would have ever expected.

$0 now you get what you always wanted. Jou get tobe the lone hero, savin people left and right. You get to go ofl nd be
by yourself until the end of time or until you decide you ve had enough. Wondertul. hope you re happy.

Ke sounds petulant. Abit put out. its not surprising, really — i dont think there's a place for him in my new existence. A
Ferryman cant afford to be distracted by his Shadow. A Ferryman cant afford to be distracted by anything, reall.

Anyone?

Anything

"Sorry, miss, but they re telling us that this part ofthe isle isnt stable any longer. The whole thing is liable to get sucked
down the Veinous Stair any moment. You cant stay here any longer. Let me escort you down to where its safe,

ilook up, and there's a Legionnaire in clawed-up armor trying to take my. friend() by the elbow and lead her of. Bad
move. | dont know what this woman has been doing for the past five years, but 1 do know she's got a bad track record with
soldiers trying to push her somewhere.

"im not going anywhere," she says icily, and the poor Legionnaire (Skeletal Legion, from the armor) looks
surprised and kind of embarrassed. This nebbish is precisely the sort of person Stygia was supposed to be about, the
kind of guy who needed a place and a duty and a purpose to keep him going while he sorted out all his leftover
business from life.

"But, miss, the isle's not safe. See, even the new councilors are leaving." He points over to where the folks who d taken over
were standing, and they're walking off. The Ferrymen are going, too. Down in the harbor, i can see the first few poling their rafts
out into the Sunless Sea. Stygia is being deserted, even by the dead.


For a second, she looks over at me. i meet her eyes, then turn to Severus. He's put the hood back up, and he's waiting.
He's waiting for me.

Then the moment is over. The soldier makes a polite gesture and takes a step back, and she walks off down the hill toward
the rest of the refugees. it's a simple, human thing — one person helping another. The soldier slips, then, and she instinctively
reaches out a hand to steady him. Severus smiles, more or less, from deep within his hood, then turns to go.

iim supposed to go with him. There are great things waiting for me. She's already halfway down the hill to the rest of the
lost souls. The Underworld needs me. All of those people down there need me, right?

Right. Do what you have to do, Erik. Its been fun

i take my first step after Severus, then realize i cant doit. { cant follow him.

Maybe it wont work out. Maybe there won't be an ‘it' of any sort. Maybe she'll just want to be friends, God forbid. Five
years and i don't even know her name. five years of chasing after an idea of her, and now alli have is the promise of eternity
chasing after another idea. Here's a crazy idea: How about some human contact? What about remembering that this place i filed
with people, not thines or rocks or anything else. just people. How about doing everything we can to hang onto the fact that
we're all people over here, stil? Charon and the Deathlords didnt, and look what happened to them. Look what happened to all
of us because ofthat.


i skid down the slope, an avalanche of pebbles announcing my arrival. She's almost to the bottom by the time i catch up with
her. Her escort looks up at me, and since im still in my Ferryman kit, he immediately defers and scoot She just stands ther,
looking at me as i do a great psychosomatic impression of being out of breath.

Think about what you re choosing says Severus voice in my mind. You don t even know her name. There is work that needs
you, souls who will need your guidance. Everything rests on the most fragile of gambles.
Cant help you here, Eri, says my Shadow. Good luck

She turns and looks at me. Up at the top ofthe hil, i know al the Ferrymen in the world are looking at me through Severus
eyes. My whole future, and maybe a whole lot more, hangs in the balance here.

Well" she says, hands on her hips. its a challenge.
There's only one thing i can say. | take a deep breath and quickly, before i can change my mind, i say it
"Hi. My name's Erik. What's yours?"


e Smiling Lord Lays Waste to Enoch..

»and all hell breaks loose in the Underworld. The hour of
Charon's-return is at hands, The armies of the Jade Empire invade
Stygia. The Ferrymen return from self-imposed centuries of exile.
The Deathlords discover the traitor in their midst. And the Mnemoi,
long hated and hunted, may hold the only key. to Stygia's survival.

This is the Way the Underworld Ends

Welcome to Ends of Empire, the final book for Wraith: The
Oblivion. Here all the loose ends are tied up, all the mysteries
revealed and all of the secrets laid bare for the world to see. From
the conclusion of the Guildbook series to the end of the saga of

lost Erik, from the identity of Stygia's most powerful traitors to
the desperate, daring plan that Charon has gambled everything
on, everything that was hidden about the Underworld is hidden
no longer.

Ends of Empire contains:

¢ Everything you wanted to know about Ferrymen, from their
history to character creation;

¢ Guildbook: Mnemoi in its entirety, complete with the Guild's
terrifying secret;

¢ A full-length chronicle detailing Stygia's finest — and perhaps
last — hour, and more!

GUNES FOR
ISBN 1-5
WW6014

a! !
