# File: Erciyes Fragments.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ISBN 1-56504-297-2
WW2818 $14.95 U.S.
51495

042971
Games for Mature Minds

The shadows are whispering again. :
They have followed me here, it seems. Even here. One
would have thought this tiny monk's cell would prove inhospi-

table to such creatures, but it is not so. 1 cannot make out the
words, but | catch the rhythm of languages now lost to the
living, accents that have not been heard for millennia. | know
that if | turn around suddenly in an attempt to see who is
speaking, | will find nothing behind me. Nothing but shadows.

So has it been each time | have tried it. Whoever my
tormentors are, they hide themselves well. They are watching
me.

Before me lies a stack of parchment, now wrapped in
oilcloth and bound for travel. My hand trembles as | draw the
package close, knowing the value of what it contains. It seems
to me the whispers ee louder as | do that, and agitated as
well. Dread voices, brittle as old parchment, that murmur
threats from the shadows. Will they follow me when | leave
this place, and if so, will their presence be noted by others? Or
is it only | who will hear them, only | who will feel the chill of.
their presence, only | who will look into the darkness sur-
rounding and tremble at the thought of what ancient creatures
might be watching?

Enough. Enough. This is not the report of a scholar, but
the rambling of a madman. Have | become so unnerved in
recent nights that | have forgotten all my training? Forgive the
shortcomings of your loyal servant, my Uncle and Regnant,
and accept this record of my recent discovery. | have culled the
most important notes from my journals for your perusal.
Judge for yourself the value of what | have found, and its
significance for future generations. In this the Year of our Lord
1197, | remain ever your faithful servant,

Niccolo


2 August

Today | heard tales of a fragment of the Book of Nod, rumored to be more
complete than any which scholars have thus catalogued. This rumor was told to
me by a Nosferatu who has taken up residence in the ruins of an ancient palace,
now buried beneath a thousand years' rubble. There, where pagan kings once
received the word of their gods, amidst the detritus of a fallen empire, | traded him
news from distant lands for shadowy rumors of a priceless antiquity. The
fragment is in a monastery, he says, far north, a secret place where the sun can
scarce invade. There it is guarded against inquiring eyes by those who can see into
the depths of a man's heart, and only pilgrims whose motives are judged worthy
will ever be permitted to see it. It was about then that he seemed to realize the
value of a ghoul who knew all the ancient tongues, and it took all my diplomatic
skill to delay him from action long enough for the sun to rise, making my escape
possible. | take his tale as one takes all things from the Nosferatu, that is, with a
good bit of skepticism. Any information they part with freely is by its very nature
suspect. Nevertheless, it seems to me that if there is even a particle of truth to his
tale, those scholars whom | serve will surely wish it verified. So it is a foregone
conclusion that | will head north on the morrow, along the trade route once ruled
by Assyrians, and trust that my lord and master will agree the detour is
justified. One cannot let an opportunity like this go uninvestigated.

14 August

Only three days in Tabriz, and already | have unearthed whispers of the
same legend. A Brujah scholar has told me tales of explorers who went in search
of the lost fragment. Some, it seems, ascended into the northern mountains and
simply never returned. Others came back from their journey confused, with no
clear memories of their travels. He himself is not so sure that the fragment even
exists, but he insists only the most powerful of Cainites should go in search of it,
for clearly the magic protecting the fragment would overwhelm anyone else. | was
not so sure of that, but | did not say so. You have taught me, my beloved Uncle,
never to contradict Cainites, and | have learned in my recent travels that it is
doubly dangerous to do so with the Brujah. Instead | scribed him a copy of
Laertes' Ode to Carthage to thank him for his assistance, and while he read the
ancient verse and tears of scarlet came to his eyes, | took my leave. In the morning
/ will buy fresh supplies and head for the northern mountains. Sometimes a
ghoul can go places his betters cannot.

15 September

This land is not hospitable for mortals or Cainites, and twice | have had to
travel to neighboring regions to procure the vitae necessary for my continued
existence. This past week it cost me several nights' service for that favor, nights |
spent in the dusty vaults of a Ventrue's keep, cataloguing her collection of moth-
eaten parchments. But that task has proved to be a blessing in disguise. Buried in
a pile of long-forgotten manuscripts | have found the notes of a Ventrue who once
sought the fragment himself, in a place he called the Monastery of Shadows. He
spoke ofa village in the mountains, near the Nishaz Pass, where news of the
monastery might be sought. And so | have taken his notes with me, for | am sure
their owner would rather they be in our hands and preserved for all eternity,
rather than lost in this isolated place.

Tomorrow | head north once more, the precious notes tucked into my pouch.
Into the mountains themselves, steep and forbidding, | shall search for a path
which the Ventrue calls ‘so narrow and winding that it is better suited to goats
than to men." Alas, the road to knowledge is never neatly paved, My beneficiary
has given me an extra flask of her vitae to take with me, should the journey prove
long. Though | am loath to make use of it, | fear | shall need it.

18 September

1 came upon the village today. It is little more than a gathering of huts.
There is one greathouse made of wood and stone where one might buy coarse ale
and escape the winds of the mountains for a short while. | was grateful for the
shelter by the time | arrived and even grateful for the ale, bad as it was. But
i 1 plied the locals with artful questions, | could not gain more information
on the thing 1 sought, or any sign that they had ever heard of it.

Tired, disheartened, | paid what was asked for the use of a rough pile of
straw, and wondered if | had come all this way for nothing. | was exhausted, and
fell asleep before the vermin in the damp straw even realized | was there. But sleep
did not last long. Sometime after midnight | awoke suddenly, as a man does
when his sleping mind catches some hint of danger: Breath held, | lay silent in
the darkness and tried to locate the cause of my sudden alertness. Could it be
that these poor peasants meant to assault me? That would not be unheard of,
though it hardly seemed worth the effort. | doubted that the few fragments of text
| carried would have any meaning to them, and my coins were few enough. Yet it
was not a human stirring | slowly became aware of, but something far more
ominous. A strange chill licked across my temples, as if some cold and bodiless
thing had bent down to taste my flesh. Deep inside | felt an upwelling of terror,
not rational in nature but wholly instinctive, such as a mouse must surely feel
when the shadow of a hawk's wings suddenly sweep across it. Yet, unlike a


mouse, | did not run for shelter: Nor did | give voice to my fear and cry out for
help, though my terror said that if | did not | would surely be devoured. Yours is
not a lineage of weakness or emotion, my Uncle, and | could hardly do less even
in the face of this fear. What right had 1 to seck out the wisdom of the ancients if
the very scent of mystery so unmanned me? So | waited, trembling, silent in the
darkness, wishing | knew the name of the Presence that was in the room, yet
fearing to discover its nature.

The chill passed across me once more and | could feel my hackles rise, yet |
forced myself to be utterly still. If | strained my senses to the utmost it seemed 1
could almost see the darkness coagulating into an even greater shadow, and it
was from this that the coldness seemed to emanate. "Who are you?" | whispered
at last. "What are you?" It did not see fit to answer, but it seemed to come closer
to me, and a tendril of black-within-black passed so close to my face | could feel
it. Something fluttered down below my face, brushing against my chin like the
wings of a moth before coming to rest on my chest. And then. ..the Presence was
gone. As suddenly as it had come in the first place, as completely as though it
had never existed. | lay frozen for what seemed like a small eternity, as my
pounding heart sought its normal rhythm again. Finally | reached up with a
trembling hand to see what it was that lay upon my chest. | half expected it to
take flight as | touched it, but it did not, and as my fingers closed around it 1
realized it was nothing more than a piece of folded paper. The touch of such a
mundane thing brought me back to myself, and | sat up in bed and fumbled for
the flint. It took me time to strike a light, for my hands were still shaking, but
once | did so I lit the lamp and held the paper close to the glow, so that I might
study it. It was a map. Crudely drawn, and not well labeled, but after | looked at
it for a time | came to recognize the Nishaz Pass, and even the tiny village where |
now took shelter: And north of that... there was a twisting road marked in faded
brown ink, with turns and landmarks indicated, and beyond that a single
phrase, in markings so ancient that none in this village would be able to read
them. Few in the world could read them, in fact, save those scholars who special-
ized in ancient tongues. Cainite scholars in particular:

It was scribed in that language which we call Enochian. The first language
spoken by men. Monastery of Shadows, it said.

My path is chosen.

22 September

It took me four days to reach that place called the Monastery of Shadows.
As soon as | saw it, 1 knew why that name had been chosen. Of course. It could
be called nothing else.

The monastery is set deep within a narrow valley, flanked by granite cliffs
so high and steep that even a goat would have trouble descending them safély. For

a brief time at midday its fields garner sunlight, but mere hours afterwards they
are cast into shadow, and night falls so quickly after that, one could hardly
descend the distance to its gates without stumbling through utter darkness.

How fitting | thought, as | tucked my hands beneath my doak for warmth,
studying the place from above. | wondered what manner of creature made its haven
in such a dwelling. ..for it seemed beyond doubt that the monastery would be home
to Cainites, if it had not been created by them in the first place.

It took me the better part of a day to descend the treacherous path safely. |
was met at the gate, of course. It would be impossible to approach during the day
without being noticed, and so a monk was there to greet me. He nodded in silence
after | gave my name, and did not seem surprised when 1 asked for shelter. Of
course | would ask for shelter: Where else was there for a traveler to go in this
desolate region? | walked beside him, past other silent monks who glided about
their business in the cold stone halls without sparing either of us a glance. It was
impossible to tell from their complexion if they were a Cainite's herd or not, for the
primitive stone lamps cast equally sallow light over all. In truth, | would not be
surprised if such a place housed more than one of Caine's blood. This far from
Givilization they could rule openly, as it is said the ancients once did.

Tomorrow | will seek permission to view their library.

23 September

Breakfast was meat, served directly after the Lauds service ended. Appar-
ently it is easier to herd the beasts that feed on scraggly mountain growths than
to try to raise crops in the shadows. Of course it did not escape my notice that
such a diet serves well to replenish the strength of a human herd as well. This is
indeed the perfect haven, and I have no doubt that a powerful elder is master
here.

After breakfast | was taken to see the abbot. He was a most gracious man,
and clearly he was pleased to have a traveling scholar as a guest. | did not have the
impression from him that he knew of the map 1 had been given, or that he had in
any way anticipated my arrival. So if he served a Cainite lord directly, his master
was clearly one who chose to keep him in the dark. Finally | decided to take a chance,
and asked him, "Who is monachus here?" Testing the waters, as they say.

"We are all monachi," he responded. Of course, it was true. The title used
for the Cainite lord of a monastery means only "monk," in a literal sense. Yet |
knew that by my question | had made my own enlightenment known, and
whether the abbot understood it or not, he was the tool by which | had rendered
proper greeting to the master of this shadowy realm.

The abbot took me to the library himself, and despite his attempt to
maintain an air of humility, his pride in the collection was obvious. As well it
should be, for here in this place was a library that Alexandria would have envied.


For a few moments | just looked about, gazing upon the stacks and racks of
books, scrolls, and even incised tablets, drinking in the sheer wealth of | ‘knowledge
surrounding me. Then | remembered why | had come, and it sobered me consider-
ably. In truth, while so vast a library might be a pleasure to visit under other
circumstances, it was a daunting sight indeed when one sought but a single tome.

| dared not ask for it directly of course, but | displayed such appreciation for the
collection that in time the librarian was pleased to serve me, and he showed me where
the most ancient materials were kept. Fragments of manuscripts so fragile that the
slightest breeze might them, day tablets inscribed with long-forgotten
symbols... he watched me for a while to make sure that | knew how to handle such
things without damaging them, then left me to my research. God in Heaven, if. only I
could transport this entire collection back homel But despite the many hours | spent
there before nightfall shut down the monastery, | could find no sign of my objective,
nor any clue of where to look for it. Ah, well, had | truly expected better? The most
precious gems are not left fying around in plain sight, are they? This search will take
time, and above all else persistence.

24 September
Another whole day of searching. | have found treasures beyond price here,
but not the one thing | seek.

25 September

1 have rummaged through all the ancient ‘fragments, and | am searching
through more prosaic volumes now. There is of course a chance the Book is not
kept in the library at all, but how can | proceed without knowing for sure? At
least the collection is well-ordered. There are a few shelves | can skip over entirely,
for they are unlikely to shelter my quarry.

26 September

! dared to drop a hint today of my true purpose, to see if it would spark
any recognition in the librarian's eyes. It did not seem to. Tomorrow | shall do
likewise with the other archivists, and see if any take the bait.

27 September

None of them have any knowledge of the Book, | am sure of it. Meanwhile,
another night has proven unproductive. | may have to seek out the Cainite master
of this place, and that is a course fraught with unique peril. | think that | can
present myself well enough that he will not kill me outright, though if 1 please
him too much he might set his own claim upon me. Denied the explorations that
stir my blood, | would surely die in such a place. There is only so much knowl-

edge you can seek in a single library, no matter how well appointed. | prety Ido
not end up trapped here.

28 September

God in Heaven!

1 have found it. Or perhaps, more accurately...more chillingly...it has
found me. | can scarcely write, my hand is shaking so badly. Never in all my
years have | seen such a thing, or even dreamed it existed! To have touched it, to
know it real through all one's senses. .. Slowly. Slowly. Record it properly. Begin at
the beginning. | decided to visit the library late at night, when the monks were all
asleep. For | had determined by now that the item I sought was not on any shelf,
where the lowliest monk might stumble across it, but instead must be tucked
away in secret somewhere. The most logical place to start looking was in the
darker corners of the library itself. After that...well, | did not relish the thought of
searching a monachus' haven without permission, but if that was required to
find the Book, so be it. 1 had not come this far to give up now.

The plan was not as simple as it seemed. Unlike normal monks, who retire
with the sun, the denizens of this place were accustomed to working in near-
darkness, and so they were free to keep to a later schedule. Hourly | stole down to
see if the library was yet deserted, but it was nearly ten o'clock before | was
satisfied. The monastery was silent by then, save for the sighing of the night
wind down the long open halls, and occasionally the distant squawk of a
triumphant owl. All was perfect for my explorations.

Silently | slipped inside the vast chamber, shutting the heavy door behind me so
that the light of my candle would not be noticed. | know many ghouls who could not
manage a search by such dismal lighting, but my vision is as keen as yours, my
Undle, and the one flame was all I needed. | began to search. | emptied first one shelf,
then another, feeling beneath them for secret switches, measuring the walls that
divided them from one another, tapping the stone walls softly to search for hollow
spaces beyond. It was an immense task but | am a patient creature, and | knew that
given enough nights | could account for every nook and canny of the place. God
willing, that which | sought would be hidden here somewhere.

Midnight passed, then another hour. My muscles began to ache from the
unaccustomed strain of squeezing into various tight spaces, and | could not afford
to waste precious vitae on such a minor healing, so | let them ache. Finally, with
a sigh, | set my candle on one of the heavy oak tables in the center of the room
and allowed myself a moment to relax. What had seemed like good progress as |
worked had in fact gained me little, and | saw that it would be many nights
before | had even half of the library accounted for. | was very glad that the
Ventrue lady had given unto me her vitae, for | would surely need it. There is
nothing more frustrating than having to leave a job unfinished to go in search of


the staff of life, and nothing more dangerous than leaving the latter task until the
fast moment. Quite a number of my fellows have died over the years, having been
so wrapped up in their research that they forgot just how closely Death watches
us. Or perhaps in the end their borrowed clan's blood got the best of them, and
love of Death outweighed their fear of it. 1 turned back to the candle after a while,
meaning to take it up again and assault a new section of shelving. But | stopped,
and my hand froze in mid-air, and for a moment | could barely think clearly, so
focused was | upon that one point of flame. For as | watched it flickered wildly,
then bent to one side, as though a breeze of some sort were playing across it.

Here?

1 looked about the room. There were no windows anywhere that | could see,
and the door was shut fast. Even if an errant breeze had managed to squeeze
across the threshold, it could not be responsible for this, for the flame pointed in
another direction entirely. | picked up the candle, slowly, carefully, and used it as
a compass to trace the course of that errant stream. Doing so brought me to a
narrow alcove whose several shelves supported stacks of scrolls. The breeze seemed
to be coming from behind it. Trembling with excitement | put the candle down on
the nearest table, and then began to empty those shelves. As | did so | could feel a
chill breeze on my face, and | knew for certain there was some opening hidden
behind the rolled parchments. Yet | was careful with them, both in removing them
and in setting them aside, for it would be a crime to damage such precious
artifacts, even in search of something greater.

At last they wer all transferred to the table, leaving bare shelves before me. |
brought the candle close. . .and by its light I could just barely make out a crack in the
wall behind, from which the breeze seemed to be issuing. My heart began to race as 1
tested one of the shelves, and yes, it came loose easily, sliding forth from its moorings.
So did the others. It was not long before | was able to squeeze myself into the alcove
and test the back wall with my fingers. Sliding them into that narrow crack, then
pulling at the heavy wood as best | could — to no avail — and finally pushing at
it. And it moved, as a door will move, and swung open before me. A gust of chill air
greeted my face, damp and clean and tasting of mystery. | brought the candle forward
and its light illuminated a space that had clearty begun as a natural cavern, though
score-marks on the wall showed that it had been smoothed and perhaps expanded
for hurnan use. On the far side | saw several horizontal crevices, fringed with
stalactites like teeth. It was from there, no doubt, that the breeze was issuing. But
these observations could not hold my attention long, for in the center of the room there
was a table hewn of gray stone, and set upon that was a great leather-bound book. |
felt my heart skip a beat as | gazed upon it, and for a moment it seemed 1 could not
breathe. Then | forced myself to step forward, one step and then two, and finally with
a trembling hand | reached out and touched its cover: And yes, the leather was what
it appeared to be. I have held enough volumes bound in human skin to know the feel

of it beneath ry fingers. Cold air brushed along the base of my neck, this tine not
from any natural wind. | whirled about, but saw no one behind me. Yet the feeling of
being watched persisted, and I felt my hackles rise as I turned back to the book and
slowly, carefully, opened it. It was not a book proper, but a folder of sorts, with soft
pages of translucent skin meant to separate the papers stored inside it. | turned the
first one aside to see what had been placed there and found a simple manuscript,
written in a dialect of Chaldean more ancient than any | had seen before. About the
main text were notes of some kind, each written in yet another ancient script. |
counted five languages in all, the most modern of which was Imperial Latin.

And then | began to read what lay before me, and the rest of the world
ceased to exist.

How can | describe that moment, when | first came to understand the
magnitude of what lay before me? Was it the opening verse which made it clear,
with its simple statement of narrative intent? This is the tale of Caine 's father,
Firstborn child of God, maid in His image...? Or was it the notes which
surrounded the text, penned by scholars who had come here before me? Or was it
that first line hinting at the manuscript's true author, the first stunning sugges-
tion that this well-preserved fragment of the Book of Nod might have been
written by Caine himself?

1 found a corner where the rock formations would allow me to sit, and 1
brought the volume over to it and began to read. My hands trembled as | touched
the pages of something so very priceless. Here was a whole chapter of the Book of
Nod, complete. Verse after verse in ordered precision, nothing missing, nothing
damaged, nothing illegible. True, | had sought such a thing in coming here, but
deep in my heart I'd thought the legend of an entire Book had probably been
inspired by no more than a few complete pages. That in itself would have been a
treasure. But this!

1 studied it for hours. | ran my hands over the fragile pages again and
again, as if they were some dream or phantasm that might disappear if | ceased
to touch them. And | read. My God, | read! The story of Eden told through
Caine's own eyes, not as some simple tale, but with all the depth of recounting
one might expect from a witness. And all about his words were the scribblings of
scholars who had read them before me, sometimes authoritative in tone, some-
times so casual that they seemed almost an affront to the majesty of the text.
Who else but an ancient would dare to write thus, would dare to set his own pen
upon such a sacred document? | had a passing fancy of adding my own notes,
but banished that quickly. Such arrogance on the part of a mere ghoul would
surely not be tolerated.

1 heard the bell ring in the distance for Lauds, signaling the rising of the
sun and the start of the day's activities. For a moment | shut my eyes and
trembled, unwilling to tear myself away from the Book. At last, hands shaking, |


forced myself to close it, and put it back in the position it had been in before. The
chamber did not look like it had seen a visitor in much time, but | could not
afford to take chances. With one last glance behind me to savor the wonder of the
place, | squeezed back out through the alcove and quickly restored the shelves and
scrolls to their original positions. The candle's flame was steady when | was done,
for | had closed the door completely. Just to think, if someone else had not failed to
do so, | might still be searching the outer chamber in vain...

There. That is all of it, the whole story. | cannot eat or sleep now, only
stare at the wall opposite me in a haze of wonder, waiting for the daylight hours
to pass. Only the night matters now. Only the night...and the Book.

29 September

1! returned again just before midnight to find the library vacant, and this
time it was the work of perhaps twenty minutes to clear the way to the hidden
chamber: It was exactly as I had left it, and | breathed a sigh of relief to see it
thus. In nightmarish fantasies | had imagined the master of the monastery
discovering my trespass and locking his precious Book away, so that I might
never see it again. But no, it was still there, just as | had left it. And this time |
had come prepared to deal with it.

/ laid out a pile of the finest vellum sheets, a bottle of deep-black ink, and a
pen. It was my intention to copy all that | could, in order to bring this wealth of
knowledge back to you, my Uncle, and the others of your blood. Perhaps in
another time and place | might have tried to steal the original pages, but here it
was out of the question. There was little doubt in my mind that if | hid even a
fragment of the Book among my things | would not get five steps beyond the
gates before the master of this place knew what | had done, and my punishment
would make Christ's torment on the cross seem mild in comparison.

So | set about to copy the ancient document as precisely as | could, in order
that you, my Master, might study it. After much deliberation | had decided to
make two copies: one an exact duplicate of the original, including ink blots and
misspellings, and the other a translation into modern language of the text and all
its notes. Though the former would have more value for posterity, | must admit
the second was more dear to my heart, and | worked hard to capture the
colloquial tone of the notes.

Here was the expulsion from Eden, which paralleled the biblical version to
perfection. Here was the last conversation between Caine and Abel, hinted at in
the Bible but never fully described. Here was the blindness of Adam, the pride of
his Maker, and the defiance of Caine in all its glory. And surrounding all that
were the notes of five distinct scholars, passing commentary not only upon the
text itself, but upon each others' opinions. By their use of | Tanguage | knew them to
be truly ancient, not modern scholars writing in dry, dead, tongues, but creatures

of the past for whom these were vital, living languages. Clearly some of them had
returned more than once to add new notes over the centuries. Perhaps. .. perhaps
one or more even dwelled here.

A chilling thought.

It seemed then that | became aware of a presence in the room, as if someone
were hidden in the shadows nearby, watching me. Yet though 1 held the candle
out with a trembling hand, it illuminated nothing but rock all about me. Was it
just the thought pic that so unnerved me, or the thought that they might
be watching? | did not need a fragment of Nod to tell me that Cainites so old
often had hungers and motivations incomprehensible to modern man, and so, too,
to.a mere ghoul. In truth, | was glad to leave when dawn came, for though | had
not yet finished my transcription my hands were again trembling, and further
offort would only be wasted.

Yet, | sensed it in the shadows, that unnamed and unseen Presence,
following me. A monachus? Or something worse? Would it tear me to pieces in
my sleep for having dared to copy its most precious treasure?

1 write this now before | surrender to slumber: If no mort is added to my
journal, than you shall know that the creatures who live here have little tolerance
for one who would copy their treasure and bring it to the outside world.

30 September

1am watched. Beyond question. By what | do not know, for the dirt on the
floor of the chamber records marks from all who pass, and the only footprints
there are mine. Yet | am watched. | know it in my soul. | can feel it on the back of
my neck, that chill which warns of danger... yet how can | stop, much less flee
this place, with what | have already seen?

1 arrived tonight as | had previously. And for a moment | was so focused
upon my work, an anticipation of finishing my transcription, that | did not
notice the room had changed.

There were two books this time.

Two.

1 stared at the table for a moment, then slowly came forward and opened
the second with a trembling hand. It was like the first in form, but the tale that
its pages revealed was very different. This was the story of Lilith, and of Caine's
awakening to the glories of the night. But even more, it was a tale of conquest, of
an angry Caine who disowned God, and then claimed that which was the Dark
Mother's in order to become His proper rival.

I have seen many fragments of the Book of Nod in my lifetime. None have
dared to condemn God in such absolute terms as this. None have depicted a
Caine so predatory in spirit, even in the first nights of his banishment. None have


convinced me, ever before, that their author might truly be Caine, though many
are written in that style. 1 wonder how much more there is.
! wonder if | will be allowed to see it all.

! copy what has been given unto me, knowing that someone is watching.

2 October

A third volume appeared tonight. How much of this Book exists? Could it truly
be complete? Will | be allowed to copy it all? I read of the Curses of the Angels tonight,
and understood for the first time the full scope of Caine's defiance. | will not even
attempt to summarize it, for my own poor prose cannot compare to the original. It
seems to me | hear whispers now, coming from the shadows, and sometimes if 1 listen
dlosely it seems to me | hear my name spoken, or the names of places | have been, or
of the masters for whom I copy this work. As if, while | read their Book, they read my
soul in exchange. Are these the powers the Nosferatu wamed me of, those beings who
guard the book? If so, have they judged me worthy or reading it, or is that judgment
yet to come? And if 1 am not worthy...what then?

4 October

If the first three volumes were unnerving to read, the fourth is doubly so. Here is
the story of Enoch, and the events leading up to the Great Flood. Yet it is not the story
itself that is so affecting, but the tone, the choice of words, and their implications.

For in the fourth volume it is clear that Caine regards himself as a god to his
progeny, and declares that he has the power of God Himself to decide their fate. Is this
the truth, or a delusion born of his unique condition? As | read about his choice to
feed upon human blood, a further sign of his defiance to God, | fel a chill go up my
spine, for it is nothing less than a declaration of war with the Almighty.

It is clear the commentators know one another, for one makes derisive
reference here to the clan of another: | have tentatively identified one voice that
seems to be that of a Tzimisce biblical scholar, one Zarakiah of eastern fame.
Hopefully there will be more hints to come.

7 October

Volume five is but a small one, four simple verses and their commentary.
The authorial voice is not that of Caine, but of his childer:. The subject is the
Flood, and what happened to those who survived it.

It explains much, | fear: And it does not bode well for that moment when
Caine's first brood awakens to walk the earth again.

Of course they will devour their descendants. It is what God taught them to do.

The whispers are louder now. | can almost make out words.

8 October

The sixth volume appeared tonight. It contains further hints of the commenta-
tors' identities. One is clearly Malkavian, and another, writing in Imperial Latin,
appears to be Ventrue. Perhaps it is the great Marcus Aurelius himself?

The notes identify one portion of text as the Curse of Clans. Apparently, in
this telling, it is Caine himself who curses his childer with all those weaknesses of
blood we now suffer from. It is his curse which divides us, his curse which
weakens us, and ultimately his own curse which sets childe against sire, ensuring
the war between generations. The text says that he did it to ensure peace among
his descendants, but one cannot help but wonder... vould a man of such power
and insight, godlike in so many aspects, make so great an error? Or did he have
a darker purpose? | shudder to think of what that might be.

11 October

1 supped on the last of the Ventrue lady's blood tonight. Her power sings in
my veins, and with it my heart is almost strong enough to read what is in the
seventh volume.

It is called Prophecies.

It tells of the death of Antediluvians, and of the coming of Gehenna, and worse.

It tells of the death of a clan that may be ours.

I will write no more on this, but leave my masters to read the original. It is not
the place of a mere ghoul to interpret such things, or even to comment upon them.
Truly | feel overwhelmed, and can barely steady my hand enough to copy the words.

The whispers are strangely silent tonight. Perhaps my fear has driven them off.

13 October

Two chapters are contained in the eighth volume — for yes, | must regard
them as chapters now, not merely fragments of a lost whole — and | have copied
them, but my heart is not in it. | have written the words of Caine as given to his
descendants, his laws mirroring the Commandments of God Himself, the ultimate
sign of his hubris. And | have copied, ‘proverbs that reflect the wisdom of the
ancients, or at least their prejudices.

But my mind is still on yesterday's work, on the prophecies | have read. Are
they true indications of the future, and if so, do they record our doom? Even the
commentators are not sure. But | read again and again the description of the
doomed, and | wonder who else it could truly refer to:

The third shall be betrayed by his own, Treasured childe, knowledge-seeker,
Drunk on dreams of death and shadows.

The whispers have returned. It seems their tone is darker, now. Have |

displeased them?


14 October

The door is locked tonight. Even more: it is as if that secret wall has never
been a door, for there is no sign of any crack whereby it may be opened.

J will not seek to force my way back into that chamber. Whoever chose to
lay out these volumes for me now chooses to bar my way, and | know in my
heart that to defy his will would cost me mry life. Perhaps | have seen all there is
to see, and copied the whole of his manuscript already. Or perhaps what is in my
heart has displeased my secret master, and | am to be allowed no access to what
remains.

It is enough for now. To bring this treasure home...it is more than enough
for now.

The whispers have followed me from the library, flanking me down the
narrow halls, squeezing into this small, shadowed room. Still | cannot see who
they belong to or make out any words clearly. Shadows dance in the corners of
my vision. Is that my watchers testing me, teasing me? There is nothing | can do
but ignore them. They do not respond to any entreaty, | have learned that much.

The manuscript is finished now, and safély prepared for travel. This

journal will be bound to it. Come dawn, if the master of this place allows, | leave
this cursed monastery to return home, to deliver this most precious work to you,
my Uncle, and through you to the archives that you and your teachers guard.

May you find my humble service acceptable. N C


t The God of the Of Testament wasadeity of rage

This is the tale of Caine's father apwelia feccnitiones eel as comfort, ;
ier a = jeatousy as wetlas ove. Ghisisactearreminder that

First-born child of God, made in the spirituatelements inCatnerohich (ed to fis

His image. L_ downfall were inferited from his "Grandfather."
<

"CHILD OF GOD," NOT MERELY HIS ¥
CREATION. é 4

in other words, this whole mess
as God's own fault.

It is ot necessarily wise to say
such things in a. holy place.

<* a ee x

And hungered for the knowledge

SN Oe that was his birthright

Wich would make Caine God's own _
grandsfA prestigious fncageindeed.
BY

Family implies responsibility

He had the Lord's own sanctity He was banished from Eden vw
He had the Lord's own purity forever.
ee 2
And when he showed that he had ™ —
ieee ~IF KNOWLEDGE OF GOOD AND EVIL WAS
the Lord's spirit as well, YE MANS BIRTHRIGHT, THEN By WITHHOLD-
ING IT FROM HIM GOD WAS DOING HIM

AN INJUSTICE.

Co which Adam responded just as GodHimself
would fjave, tf placed in thesame situation. By
this tert, theirnatures wereidentical,


3 SP NOT SPECIFIEDASX CHILD OF COD IN
THIS CAS€, THOUGH THAT MIGHT BE
ASSUMED.

This is the tale of Caine's mother. §
The woman called Eve, made in
God's own image.

Mot necessarily. This manuscript sownplays
thie role of woman in many things, and the
omission may 6e defi6erate.

< _ Hpolitical-omission, no doubt.

\. —€o keep those who worship:
Lilith from fueling their

ftenzies with this text.

#0L thought that: movement was ony

@ legen
f Yes, and I once thought
vampires weren't real, either.

She was created as a telpmee :
Adam

She was commanded to serve him __

harvest of sacred knowledge
That could make him strong and
wise

Be = —
S_IN THIS TEXT, SIMPLY FOLLOWING CoOD's
ORDERS THAT SHE SERVE HIM IN ALL THINGS.

God cursed her, and sent her forth -

in sorrow. Pd

ne ees
vi INTERESTINGLY, THOUCH CHRISTIAN
TRADITION FOCUSES UPON EVE AS THE
GUILTY PARTY, SHE IS SOMEWHAT
_ JUSTIFIED HERE: CREATED TO SERVE,
ORDERED To SERVE, AND THEN SERVING
¥ BEST SHE KNOWS HOW.

ZL. Cheresponsibility forthe Sallis shiftedto man
and God. Woman was buta toot

so Ad the serpeot who is aot mea~

E fioned here

Not mentioned bere: This Eve
A knew what she was doing.

oe bility for ber
And when she brought him a

2 Fhus the cartierreferencetoAdamas first Gorn sonof
GERM ot or :
sro et Z aN ead
cece —— if Stet. ae at see j

pom
a a fe 5; ai . en Who tilled the dust to bring forth

eres is is the tale of their children, fruit

4 born in pain and blood.

od

A REMINDER THAT THE RELATIONSHIP OF
CAINE TO. ADAMAPABALLELS THAT OF ADAM"
To GoD. an ss

THR OF COURSE WAS PART OF GOD'S CURSE
UPON ADAM, NOW INHERITED BY CAINE

Bi eee ey

‘A REFERENCE TO-GOD'S CURSE UPON EVE.

~
ee | "Cursedis the ground forty sake. In toilshatt thou eat
frombtoo, that teessenceofwfiatwedrinkisfar# —ofitalfeiedaysofiiy if.
more thanasimplered fquidAsin.Leviticus:
"Gortfe feof the lesh since Sloe, Theré isno equivalent curse regarding animals.
Ayo Genes: Yesh Zat the bod Too Chins dove chcke Sok ch be
0 ee me 3 stick from the start, is that if?

‘Yes, well, we are ignoring that

verse, arent we? Astonishing, that. So he would \Ke us to believe.

a

SON 5 tes And labored beneath the hot sun daily
First-born Caine, his father's pride, To harvest grain for his family's bread.

= a peg
& "Bnthe sweat of thy faceshalt thoweat bread,
Cree ti({tfouretumunto te ground, forout ofit
\ecomeptasttfoutafien."

{ FN


4 \e

y, Z  doprte best of Bi NS Zz

Second-born Abel, perfect and
beautiful,
Soe e cae

eZ AN INTERESTING AND OMINOUS PHRASE. FOR

% THINGS SACRIFICED TO.GOD MUST B€ WITHOUT
Semin

‘p> Implying in this case that Abel was fated to be

killed.

Predestination.
ree Ne
Who tamed the beasts to harvest

their flesh é
Pr On EN

THE IMAGERY OF THE HARVESTING OF ANIMAL —

FLESH IS USED HERE TO LEGITIMIZE CAINE'S OWN

WORK, AND RAISE IT UP TO BE THE EQUAL OF HIS
BROTHER'S.

#

¥
i Which hints at a certain bitterness, don't you

"Sphink? Ifone assumes that he actually wrote this.

£.

Ze was cannes from the start. Wouldn't
ut be bitter:

"Pee itt ee

—_
And aided in their bloody births.
"Again the focus on blood as the seat of life.

° All of the earth was theirs to seed
All living things were under their

dominion
- SF oe —
<"RephenisG theearth and subdueit, Gave dominionover
5 the fish of the sea, and over the fowlof the air, and over
Pe every living thing that creepetf upon the earth."

All was harvested according to
God' will.

And when in time their father told
them they must make sacrifice,
They brought their first and their
best to the altar, and set them afire.
Fruits and grains did Caine offer

~~ 4

>
Shs referencetto the quality of Caine's offering is
noticeably absent from any Biblical tert.

Lamb's blood did his brother spill,
and it burned sweetly.
POET
ean, THE FOCUS ON BLOOD AND-ITS MYSTERICS.
Fijeimplicationts tat (O08 was pleasing toGed, Blocdtiss

offering was not. Chis ties intoAdam'scursc again, in wich

A
tfeproductof farming was deemed an accursed thing. 5

So Caine really couldn't win with bis i
sacrifice, no matter what be did. 4

PRECISELY. f
A a we NN
And God said to unto Abel, "Thy
offering has pleased Me."
To Caine he said nothing, but
turned His face from him,
Nor would he give him His
blessing.

Wherefore do you condemn my
offering, oh Lord?
ON eee

"THE TEXT SHIFTS INTO THE FIRST PERSON HERE. THE i
WRITER If NOW ALLEGEDLY CAINE HIMSELF...OR ELSE
ANOTHER AUTHOR, ADOPTING A STYLISTIC CONCEMT.

vl
The bias of tficentire text is so marked, J find theconcept of 3 Yy
Caine's authorship entirely plausi6e.

It certainly works bard to make bim look,
hia coef

ee

ae
All the sweetness of the earth do I
lay before you

The best of my labors in the hot
sun.

Wherefore is this not enough?
How is there more blessing in a
lamb's blood

Than in the loving harvest of so
many fine things?


ee
The Lord would not answer, so I & shaltthoucatofit allthedaysof thy fife."

went to my father. SS SS

I said to him, "Wherefore was my "And its blood shall be pleasing t ~~
sacrifice lacking?" Him."

He bade me search for blemish in oe a eee

For the Lord will have no thing :
which is marred least defines acceptable sacrifice, in-

But only the most perfect and this telling,

beautiful of offerings. LEVITICUS DOES OFFER GUIDELINES FOR
TS eae, Se Pree AGRICULTURAL OFFERINGS, 50 THEY WERE
"Afihisoffering Gea Gum offering fromthe etd fe, b. MBL i
* 2, Siero in

| shhalCofferitwitfout Gemish,

me + Leviticus doesn't have a vested... So I did as he said, and I

I said unto my brother, "Wherefore interested in making Caine-looh— offered up blood.
was my sacrifice lacking?" good. ~< eae 3 I did as my father said,
He reminded me that the earth was ZZ Interestingly, tists te only version ofthe Book™ and offered up that

s mere ash, € of Reba in sea api atest tua which was perfect and

ati - moersation bettoeen Caine andAbel. Ghe 616 ‘|
That the tilling of soil was a X spike ofa meting fete en withthe ; beautiful.
punishment to Adam, 2» following direct(y afterward, Gutitdoesnotgiveus = I did as God
And the eating of bread a signof Setatts of what was said. = commanded, and offered
man's sin. ee up the first and best of
Bere the responsibility is cl P
"Give unto God that which is not + brig ohitiel to Heel wheat ail I possessed.
born of the earth," he told me, = ar hi clinched ‘the choice of
= rifice.


Then the heavens did grow dark
above me

A chill wind swept outward from
the gates of] Eden

1.
THAT THE MURDER OF ABEL TOOK PLACE

WITHIN SIGHT OF THE GATES OF EDEN IS SS
CLEAR FROM OTHER FRAGMENTS, AND 2
FROM THE BIBLE ITSELF 5
2 x5
Rss ie, ne
: é
And the voice of our Father
_ thundered forth.
bid 2 lo

} GOD OR ADAM? THE WORD "FATHER" IS, \
CAPITALIZED HERE, WHICH AGREES WITH >
THE BIBLICAL VERSION OF THE SCENE, BUT

F OTHER FRAGMENTS CLAIM THAT ADAM

F HIMSELF CAST HIS SON OUT. x

Tt is deliberately vague i
The first-born is created, adored, Sy~
then forced. into sin and exiled. /
Does it matter whether God or

Adam is at fault? The act is the }
same.

"Caine, what have you done?
The blood of your brother cries
out to Me from the earth

The ground has opened up her
mouth to drink his blood.

THE POWER OF BLOOD GRANTED SUCH
MYSTICAL ANIMATION THAT IT HAS ITS
OWN Voice.

Animage davon fiom the Bibl itself. Asis the
‘ampiric response ofc earth.

First killer of man, be accursed by
My word.

The very earth shall reject you,

A fugitive and a wanderer shall you
become,

Outcast from the sons of Adam

until the end of fine ger

Soe Paar

--

Of which there wereno otfjers at this time, Seth
faving not yet Geen Gorn. Chjus Godis not: onty
cursing Caine, Sut informing Gim that the ine of
Abdamwillcontinue,

«i
aN yen hes oy Bie Lord setasign for Caine, estany finding im
Hot Hot Hpac! __shoulbsmite fim.
VSP cee og ome
"ie A REFERENCE NOTICEABLY ABSENT FROM
pe OTHER FRAGMENTS OF THE BOOK.
ge Perhaps included bere as a warning.
God Bimeclf protects the first of

Ken how shall I live?" Ide- all Cainites.

manded.

"Every man that sees me shall
know of this curse.

Every hand shall be turned against
me."

Toferesting that the reference here is

male. It is not ia the original,

No man can harm Caine...but a woman?

LThrry

~ Caine, like God, accepts the vision of 5
fully populated Earth. Yet at the time._<~
such a thing must have been barely <

<

conceivable. Fascinating.

"] will set My sign upon you," He
said.
"All men shall know by its

presence not to harm you.


He who does so will be cursed
sevenfold,

And he who tries to slay you will
earn My eternal wrath."

/ a
b

Tears of rage came to my eyes, but

I forced them back.

Tears of sorrow came to my eyes,
A subtl, yet major atteration fromthe

Biblicaltext. In that, only those who stay
Caine will face God's vengeance. dn this

version, anywho farm fimwitl. but I would not let them flow.
Is that a surprise, given the
authorship of this fragment?
If you were Caine, isn't this
what you would want people
to believe?

Such offerings I would not

give him,
You are assuming this was truly

written by Caine.

That or someone working for Nor any further sacrifice
bim. Che difference is
irrelevant.

5 from my heart.
\ A POTENT MESSAGE, WHATEVER THE

SOURCE. COD HIMSELF WILL NOT
¥ ALLOW CAINE TO BE KILLED, OR EVEN
HARMED. ane
"So be it," I said unto the Lord.
E Badnews fortijose who think they might
face fimat Gefenna.

d my face from Him,
The generations of Caine might die, Then I turned my
but our Father in Blood never will.

Not by a°man's hand, aayway and set off into exile.


In the place beyond Eden,
where darkness reigns,

= i ee
~~  §

SPIRITUAL DARKNESS, AS A RESULT OF
BEING BEREFT OF GOD'S PRESENCE?

oe.

iy

And physicalas well, for the gates of Eden and their >
fiery guardian provided a fight that could Ge seen q
fromnearer places. Caine fjas now gone so far. 7
Geyond the (ands aflotted to man that not evenits
Griflianceis visible.

STL'

Nee ramen ore

TN Sa
In the lands called Nod, where
the curse of God is manifest,
There did I wander, bereft of all
company.

The earth was wild, its fields
choked with weeds.

I did not till them.

The animals were as enemies to

one another, and to me

I did not tame them.

This is the work of the Lord
our God, who so delights in
Eden.

This place is His creation as
well, and mirror of his true

ae
1)

intent.

So does he create us all, the
bright and the dark together,
And leave to man's hand the
tilling of the soil, the taming of
the wild,

The harvest of good and evil by
So en __ which we shall be judged.

yy We
LLB
TE

wy,

~—

"say

\
Isaiaf 45:7 —"3 formtfelightandereate -?
darkness; Imakepeaceandercatecvidam
the Lord thatdoeth all these things." ™.


How am I to be judged, my God?
How shall my name be written
before You?

Inthe Book of Life, where untepented sins are
recorded.

1 offered up that which was most
Precious to me, and You rejected it.
So I offered up that which was
more precious still

And now I am rejected.

Where is the justice, in this thy
curse?

Where is the wisdom for which
‘You are so praised?
Your word is as that of a petty king

SS Your justice a fallow field
2, And all that praise which is
= 7 lavished upon You

Is but a mockery of true respect.
Am I to worship You still, in this
place,

Sing praises to Your name, and
humbly seck forgiveness?

I spat upon the ground in my fury,
And in that place the weeds

The earth itself grew black from §f
And I knew that no living thing §
would grow there again. §

Such was my final offering to the

Such was the only prayer that He ¥

shriveled and died. §

my bile,

Creator.

deserved. }

ASIP ERG

=
Tee MUS


"My name is Lilith, first wife
of Adam,
Second-born of God our

Father, now outcast by

His decree.
Alone I wandered, bitter and cold
Until a woman came to me, and called my name.
Her garments were as dark as the night, woven from the very shadow.
Her skin was pale and gleaming as the moon, and chill as winter' frost.
Her lips and eyes were as glowing embers, crimson in the darkness.
She whispered my name and the sound was like music
Dark and awful, chords of power as once I heard the angels sing.
I ceased to walk, and I gazed upon her.
"What is your name," I asked her, "and how came you to this place,
Where all the sons of Adam fear to tread?"
= TO ae -_- oe ~ \
te SO set — _ Fa AN Ly \
L mae LILITH, LIKE CAINE, REGARDS j
"ALL THE SONS OF ADAM" IMPLIES THAT MUCH TIME HAS HERSELF AS THE OF FIRRING OF
PASSED, FOR OTHERWISE THIS PHRASE WOULD HAVE NO GOD) NOU MERELY AS HINGE:
MEANING. Arto \
Gell, it implies that Adam bas bad enough time Theline Getween etmoisnotasclearas
to have other sons, at least. one would think. Genesis 6 speaks of the \
2 sons of God mating with mortalwomen. \
Or Caine is admitting his own fear Yes. and look what it cost |
them


He made me queen of Eden,
then cursed me when I
wielded power.

So does he do with each
generation,

Culling all who would
question His will

Cursing all who have the
spirit to defy Him.

Was fair Eve tempted by the
serpent's wiles,

Seduced by its promises,
tricked by its lies?

3 a Ora
THIS VERSION OF AFFAIRS IS MUCH
MORE IN LINE WITH THE ORIGIN:
HEBRAIC TRADITION THAN STORY
TOLD By LILITH'S FOLLOWERS. IN
PARTICULAR THE REFERENCE tO
THE SERPENT AS AN INDEPENDENT
CREATURE MAKES ONE QUESTIONS
THE MODERN ASSERTION THAT IT
WAS IN FACT BUT ANOTHER.

MANIFESTATION OF THE DARK
MOTHER.

Maybe that is what Caine
wants us to thick

I would have plucked the
fruit willingly, reveled in its
juices, defied its Maker.

——

— im
a \7

Lilith, unlike Caine, is willing to
» take responsibility for her own
P actions.
Z

"Does Going 200 it thot wey. 4

T wonder?

And woe be to my mate if he
should fear to share that
power

For then I should devour
him too, as the beasts devour
their lesser kin.

So has God decreed it shall
be in nature, and so shall it be
with us,

The strong devouring the
weak, as it was meant to be."

Therightfuldominanceofstrong
overmeakis arepeated themein
Cain's versionofevents,thevery 4

ee laren of
power. Little wonder then that he 3
Fess abforrence for diaBlre A
wifjief Gy its very mature reverses +
theorder of things: aaa

It could be argued that
no childe could over-
come bis sire if be
‘werent stronger than
bis sire ab initio.

4

There is always deception.

Steeogth of mind God wil
is stil strength:

pene


She offered me food con-
jured from the night, and it
gave me strength.

She fed me on wine distilled
from her rage, and it quelled
my thirst.

She showed me magics
conjured from darkness, but
she would not teach me their
name,

Nor show me how to harness
their power myself.

So I took what I wanted, and
drank of her blood, and the
power raged through me
Wild as the beasts surround-
ing, as black as her own dark
substance.

So do the strong feed on the

weak and claim their power. trayal, for strength or for my

So have you taught me, first hunger?
wife of Adam, and so have I T have borne the rage of God, my
learned well. mother. What is yours, compared

ie to that?

Caine drinks blood for the first
time not for vampiric hunger, but

for powel k ‘
By "MY MOTHER," H€ ACKNOWL-
€DGES HER ROLE IN MOLDING HIM.

HE If NOT YET A VAMPIRE, NOT IN y
OUR SENSE OF THE WORD. .

God gave bim rage, but 4
That the power of acreature is inferent Lilith gives bim power. :
inits Gloodis a repeated theme, presentin N

alffragments 3 fave studied.

Will you curse me now for be- Behold, the night is mine now, an
all its power:

Pa aa

y

—<

ij

4

ys

P AND GOD WILL NEVER DEBATE
MASTERY OF THE NIGHT WITH HIM,
ONLY BANISH HIM FROM THE DAY.

Alfdisciplines whicf might ever exist are
possessed by Caine from this moment on,
thus the reference to "aflits power."

He \earned well from Lilith.

_


Behold, the gates of
death are in my
keeping,

Secrets of ages
scripted for my eye.
This stealth of
movement and this
dance of shadows,
Are mine to summon,
mine to use at will.
No blow of Adam's
get can bring me to
harm now.

ees
‘ADAM, NOT SETH. DOES HE
72 MOAN TO REFER TO HIS

<-_ owN PROGENY, AS WELL
AS THE LIVING?

aVirybatera
cen te

His brood shall bend
their knees to me in
fear

And come when I do
call them, and obey,
Dead or living,
willing or no.

And when I com-
mand that they shall
love me,

So shall they do, and
think it real.

'.
Bo Mheid Wyn

AAy mh AM,
Jinn j ~ sy De tae

Nilyn, Ara Are
Won HAs!
Fe

Whi

War.

This darkling strength, from which all force derives,
This devil's speed, faster than eye can follow,
This sweet illusion, sculpted in the mind,
These demon senses, sharp beyond all measure,
These forms of flesh, which now are mine to wear

(IT WOULD BE FUTILE To TRY To IDENTIFY THEM ALL.

f
is Agreed.


And if they think mea
god for my power,

I shall not correct them.
And if they offer me that
which is first and best of

all they possess,
I shall not refuse
their gifts,

nor cast them out.

There came to me an angel, and his
essence was fire.
His garments were of spun gold.
and his eyes were blazing scarlet.
His sword shone with holy flame,
too bright to gaze upon,

Fie flaming sword of Genesis3.24, which turned yy

every way," and Kept man fromretuming to Eden. r4

?
So Caine still identifies himself with his ay ti
father here. i

And by that sign I knew him for
Michael, dread minion of my

father's God.

Paes ae?

—
WITH THIS SIMPLE PHRASE CAINE DISAVOWS COD.
ENTIRELY.

Btisadrastic move, but one that allows fim to position ?
GimselFas God's adversary rather tan God'svictim: 4

And even as God himself' later. 4

Thot delation hos wot yet token held

But the seeds are there.

I knew that he meant me to kneel
before him.

So I did not.

I knew that he meant me to fear

him.

So I did not.

I knew that he meant me to be
humbled.

=. was no!
ee
vm OTN

—
Pride like unto that ofthe Lightéringer ?

exe the Warin-Geaven.

Even that demonstrates Caine
‘overstepping his bounds, | fear.
Rut does Caine?


He said unto to me,
"Caine, first-born of
Adam,

I bring to you the word of
the Lord:

Repent of your crime and
you will be forgiven.

Turn with humility
towards your God

And He will cleanse you
of all sin.

For he is a God of mercy,
who forgives the outcast
And makes a place for him
among the blessed."

Of what should I repent?" I
demanded. "For what beg forgive-

S ness?
A sin Caine warns his childer against. Bs Bar what prize should I fall to my

I felt pride well up inside me at his
words, and I answered,

"I gave Him my heart's own knees,
worship, And worship again that God whose

And He deemed it unworthy. face was turned from me when I
| offered Him up the fruit of all loved Him most?"

my labors, se e > _

And He deemed it too little. ByCaine's interpretation of events—or at feast the:
. F autfior's interpretation of Caine's reading — God
And when I offered Him blood, as _> fs rejected fimutterty, not merely oronesinorone
He had taught me to dos poorlycfosensacrifice,
He cast me out.

>> LEE ~ A well-crafted justification for what Caine

ACCORDING To OUR SCRIBE GOD ISTHE SOLE Ye will doin the future.

AUTHOR OF CAINE'S EXILE. HIS 1S THE FAULT AND A

THE BLAME. CAINE HIMSELF IS STAINLESS. ? AND NOT WITHOUT TEXTUAL SUPPORT.
+P cceNesis MAKES REFERENCE TO THE PACT

True, Gurtfermore ths stance implies thatthe responsi-y jf. THAT GOD RESPECTED ABEL, NOT CAINE.

Gilt God' PERHAPS THE TRUE ISSUE BETWEEN THEM
forall fat comes ofits God's eet C3 WAS.NOT OF MERE SACRIFICE, BUT SOME-
ei GREATER,
Including all the crimes of his children?

> fe are reading a great deal into
that passage.

AM READING ITAS CAINE CLEARLY READSIT.

Ao attractive notion, is it not?

Hn easy one
° Or osihelinants us 18

\

Then the angel grew angry. My fire shall be an enemy to you,
His eyes blazed with scarlet fire That you and your children shal!
And the flames of his sword fear until the end of time.
scorched my clothes and my flesh. Not all the magic that you have
"Creature of pride," he pro- feared can tame it
nounced, "be thou damned, then Not all the power that you have
Not by my will, but by thy own gained can withstand it.

ef ——a =

ao
A i peers, I'm asia. fe This soid, the Tremere ©
_ Durt you, but it's not my. fault.

command Fire:

ignthattgeyarean,
oneness sfareineitet tia
ore
descendants.

‘ce a Whe
"aK youre @
As FS pim wrong:

ing does.

2 ee plays the ‘some blame game

Perhaps. Orperfaps Caine subscribes tothesin »

ofangelism. bias ZA?

pity would not seem to be one

is Faults. Chat doesn't make

Such is the curse I set upon
you, _
Until the day your spirit is
humbled.

Such is the cost of your
defiance."

did not kneel.

was alone.

I said, "So be it." And still I

The angel left me then, and I


Then came another angel,

"Once again," I said, "my
tiding the winds of morning.

i brother speaks to God.

7} Behind him all the hues of Once again, his words are
heaven spread out across the favored over mine. ; j
horizon, I do not ask for his pity, nor for
And the demons of night fled yours: .
at the sight of him. I will make my own fate in
I knew him for Uriel, shep- lands ot ot Nod oe -
herd of the sun, Sw OTHER WORDS, HE IS OUTCAST EVEN BY
And I stood my ground ADAM'S STANDARDS, WHICH I5 EXILED

INDEED:

H proudly as he came to earth

Cm! we |" "And establish my kingdom in "
hy _ S Vice ' exile.
/ 3 2 I will set my children on golden
THIS DOES NOT ACREE WITH EITHER CAINIT RS 4
TRADITION, OR WITH OTHER FRAGMENTS LY thrones
if OF THE BOOK OF NOD THAT I HAVE SEEN. = \ Vy And we will rule over Seth's
k Uriel is commonly held by Cainites to be the g brood together. j
Z angel of death, and the one who proclaims ; me hh For surely it is better to rule in
BB / God's third and most powerfulcurse. 1 =u 1 fil ' din dirkeon
E Ss the darl
F Yet thatisnot consistent withi GeGraic tradition, F
heh associates Uriel wits the sun and with Raft. Than to humble myself falsely

If you believe Caine wrote this, I'd in the light. Ad,
bet be probably knows what he is
talking about.

The sun is death to our kind: No doubt thisi®}
* is the source of the textual confusion.

DARKNESS OF GOD'S ABSENCE, AS HE
HAD NOT YET BEEN BANISHED TO THE
NIGHT?

One can sly hope

‘ lng ~% . dar
f "Caine," he said, "first-born of
Adam,

t Your brother's soul cries out

for your redemption,

o Some school of thought howd that theutter

absence of God is the trucdamnation. Chat :
the Divine Presenceis fight in the spiritual ;
sense, and tat to Ge exiled from the Lordis {
f to fave one's souldmellin darkness.

Which adds new meaning to Caine's

J
| And God has heard his pleas. ye, bpvace
Ma S2y only that you would leave And the moral of the story is,
Mm this land don't give the angels any ideas.
And return to your father's SS Jb, you are as insightfud os %
embrace CNN F
And it will be done." Sa

/
a ae |

The angel's face grew white with fury,
And the light of dawn behind him became a sea of blazing poison unto

me.

"Wretched creature! Damned for your pride,

Now doubly damned for your defiance.

The light of the sun shall be your enemy

Searing your soul when you gaze upon it, burning your flesh to ash.
Those of your blood who would rule the earth

Shall cower in the dust by day, fearing the light,

And the sons of Seth who seck after power

‘Will hunt them down as they sleep even as the dead sleep,

Unable to defend themselves or beg for mercy from those who hunt
them.
Thus shall your kingdom be, your prideful empire,

Its throne made of fear, its crown cast in shadows."

So the curse of sunlight is meant to serve as a form
of political control as'well as simple punishment

Military also, for it guarantees that all Cainites will =
spend half their hours in a state of absolute wulner-
ability. Dard to rule the-world when that's the case.

Sips "
NOT IMPOSSIBLE, THOUGH. CAINE MANAGED IT IN ENOCH.

Goratime, And (ook what happened.

Alsoit is a means of keeping Cainites from Passing as the sons of
Seth, or truly sharing in their society.

1 think that's a secondary concern bere.
Tedow } Bf-Cane bat boarted to God thal he choll be

Bone, then God shall gee fo it thot he nes up fe his
boosh

I could not answer him, for
the sun rose then.

I meant to stand my ground
before it

But its rays were as venom
upon my skin

And within my veins, that
blood which ran so cold
with anger and pride

Began to boil, molten as the
sun's own fire.

I fled the light, to the
nearest place of safety,
Which was the earth itself,
cool beneath my feet

And in that place, sheltered
in the darkness of the world
below,

I cursed the name of the
one who had driven me
there,

And of his eternal Master.

ww

A


And when the day had passed, and
night fell once more

] arose from my resting place to
see a third angel awaited me.

His eyes were jet, twin mirrors of
the night.

His wings were shadow, that beat
about his form like wild winds.
And J knew him for an angel of
divine wrath,

Dread Gabriel, by whose hand
Sodom was destroyed.

_7~

<
¥

To him I said simply, "I
am what God has made
me."

And still 1 would not
kneel.

"Caine," he said, "in you the seed
of Adam is doubly shamed,

And all the laws of life defiled.
Yet even such a soul as yours may
yet be saved

By true repentance.

Forswear your sins and return to
His fold,

And all will be as new again, all
sins forgiven, all wrongs undone.
The Lord grants you this, your
third and final path to forgiveness."

a

shisis
ment,

n Frage
3 2

joni
* she Baby' range'
4 Dried. Why Che

He left me alone in
the darkness then,

To suffer the pain of
my changing.
The blood-hunger
‘The black wings beat with fury And those you treasure most of all, 7 Hike a
y ‘And the voice of the angel echoed "the offspring of your pride, The beast ep 7
: 4 Shall war amongst themselves saratan soul
ome.was hiddread display». daecOrting 10 their blood: ee iwcslinot
or ‘ Bee eee till I would not
the very night Brothctagainst brother, young kneel
remb) against old, Weak against strong, .
¢ Uniti the bestiarc vanquished and
the ritks of your family laid waste. eta «
neither human nor beast. as judge, and know the ultimate THIS IS CLEARLY THE 4
You shall walk the earth in tormeaf. te OME AT WED
darkness, and all your children Which is for a father to condemn ea aa a ea
with you, his own children. HERITACE-
Unchanging, undying and ever So has God done with you, this ert: eo Se
without hope. night. ae ™
Blood shall be your only food, and So shall you do with your own,
all your dreams shall be ash. until the end of time." ;
Life and Jove shall wither at your a
touch, and hunger shall devour foie her F

mercy, /
— Oe ta € $0 CAINE IS CURSED To JUDGE AND DESTROY.
La r HISSOWN.
= .
ttle more than a summary of prior surses. Doubly painful because he blames God.

BS OR AN EXTENSION OF THEM.

5 for all their shoricomings

Hnveye for an eye
I don't agree. This is clearly the point at which _//

Caine becomes dependent upon blood for
sustenance, as opposed to merely desiring it
for vengéance or. power.

Or an extension of his past deeds. He has
already slain his own kin.

AND SINCE BLOOD DRINKING IS CLEARLY
FORBIDDEN BY GOD'S OWN LAW, HE HASNOW
BEEN FORCED INTO A STATE OF PERPETUAL SIN,

~ FROM WHICH THERE 15 NO HOPE OF REDEMPTION.

At this time.


Then there came a fourth angel,

with wings as pale as moonlight.

His face was a thing of alabaster

beauty,

And his voice was finer than the

finest music.

I knew him for Raphael, patron of

all healing,

And I stood my ground before

him,

Even as | trembled to hear what his

curse would be.

"Behold," he said, "the Lord is

merciful,

Even to the undeserving.

I give you a path to seek peace for

your soul

Even in this bitter darkness.

give you the light of hope, for

you and your children,

To await the day when anger fades

and pride gives way to yearning.

The name of the path is Golconda,
re,

Set EN

And again I was alone.
When he was gone, I knelt in
the darkness.

And I wept.

THE BEGINNING OF ALL THINGS?
OR HAS OUR AUTHOR CHOSEN

TO INSERT. LATER KNOWLEDGE

INTO HIS TEXT?

WAS IT CALLED THUS, EVEN AT

‘You suspect ourscribe of \ And those who seek it with a true
intellectual dishonesty?2h:..../ 3" heart may yet gain salvation,

At this point, I suspect Though they walk in the night as
everything here. Including \ demons

the lot of you. *» And bear the curses of a thousand

4 angels."
7 He left me then, without hearing
my reply,

A last you show wisdom


Alone I wandered, cursed with (}
loneliness, LY (
Knowing such darkness in my soul I

13
as mortal man cannot fathom.
That was the ultimate torment, \ a if
that most terrible hunger:
The calling of flesh to flesh, of \
soul to soul, unanswered.
Worse than the torments of Sheol.
Worse than the pain of woman's
burden.
Worse than all the agonies of carth
and heaven combined.
For we are not made from dust
alone, but draw our life from Eve,
Who in her turn was given life
from her lover's very marrow.
In her flesh is writ God's declara-
tion, that man must share his life.
Whether as master or servant, lover
or tyrant, sire or child,
Flesh must have flesh
Blood must have blood
That is human destiny.
And I cursed God ten times over
in those days, nay, a thousand,
For leaving me human enough to
feel such a need,
When all other trappings of human
life had been stolen from me.
= SN eee
Sor thecurses of the angels were merely

that, while Caine's human nature ad
the spark ofthe divine

And nothing created by the Lord
can ever be utterly destroyed


¥

It came to pass, as I cursed the {

heavens, fs

That the tents of my father were
blessed again with life.
Another son was born to Eve,to £-
replace those who were lost.
They called him Seth, and he me

strong.

SWEHAVE REFERENCE To WOVEN CAR-

"SMENTS HERE, NOT THE ANIMAL SKINS IN 4

WHICH THE FIRST COUPLE CLOTHED

THEMSELVES. CLEARLY CIVILIZATION HAS

ADVANCED TREMENDOUSLY 8Y THIS TIMES

True, but the "dust" refererice bears then
bias of our author. He has no love for

agriculture and, in his eyes, neither does
the Lord.

Certaingy not after the third chapter of Genesis.

-. wiferein God curses the veryeartf and commands

And because God desired that the F* -{tto6ring forth tons topunish man.
Id be filled with Adam: 3 =
worl illed wi ams get \ a =

He granted Seth many children.
it ee

THERE BEING NO-OTHER MORTALS aN
BENEATH THE FIRMAMENT,OF COURSE.

Most scholars assume the birth ofan unnamed

daughter woo Gore Seth schitdren

Th

And commanded man to eat the
herbs of the field as punishment
And their tools were forged of
sunlight.

cy made a throne of beaten gold

This is clever, reminding the reader that %, and a crown beset with jewels.

3
the race of man was born from acts that "J An

id they offered it up to Enosh,

would not now be tolerated, <@ the first-born of Seth,

NN ee

I waited in the darkness as they
mated with their own kin,
I waited as they left my fathers
tents, their herds overflowing the
pasture,
I waited as they scoured the earth
for a place to build their Eden.
Where the rivers divided they
found it, the perfect land,
And they built a city of mortar and
brick in that place.
Their towers wound unto the
heavens
Their roads were paved in stone
Their garments were of precious
dust

ONE WONDERS AS TO THE CHRONOL-
OGY HERE. SETH SEEMS TO BE FURTHER
IN.THE PAST IN PRIOR FRAGMENTS.

aGt simply grants Caine a knowkedgeof Seth.
Bt Qoes not seemunreasonable that GOS
motild give unto Caine awareness ofthe
thod by whieh thecarth would Ge
mulated: secihig as Be had already implied
that suchwasinevitable. Else mfjy would
Caine require God's mark?

You are both reading' far too
much into this, and are far too
full of yourselves. It is more
likely that the author, no
matter who be was, simply

Third-born of Adam, first-born of God,

For his was the right by the lineage of Heaven to rule them.

"[ am not worthy." he told them, for he was humble in the ways of the
Lord. ; 1
Again it was offered, with incense and perfumes and music to persuade
him. ia

"T am not worthy." he told them, for he knew that power could corrupt
the soul.

Ae it was offered, for they said they would have no other to lead them.
"] am not worthy," he told them, "but as it is your will

I will keep vigil for six nights in the wilderness.

I will seek God's counsel. a ;

If it is His will that I rule over you, then Jet Him give me a sign,

And on the seventh day I will become your King. ;

‘And if is not, then I will return to the city and choose one who is truly
worthy,

And the crown shall be his.

Thus shall God's will be done."

THE PERIOD OF SIX DAYS 1§ NO DOUBT MEANT TO HONOR GOD
BY IMITATING THE SIX DAYS OF CREATION.

i i Day goes against the cas
GZhenagain, Fis wish to Gecrowned on the seventh
commandment to test On the Sabbath 2

Wich bad not yet been written to: law, one
assumes, .

i from prior
Evenso, God may have expéeted him to learn fr
‘example, and when Enosh did not, abandoned him to both
his fate and our Sire.

Is not the Sabbath sometimes spoKen of as being

crowned! as

Chat interpretation is ‘centuries SESE
mixing your lifetimes, you senile


é ey

With fasting and cleansing and T called him Enoch ¥ Bhis' i
fis itadistinction, repeated throughout these
cMicsiclypecmaisa sane ds noch and, on the For I showed i one portion of tpt fa Caine prov ims himselFnge, en
He went off into the wilderness to Returned with him to the ci ier tan wk sme ae eT ee i
3 : im to t L i mortals cfoose to grant unto that Cainit
await God's word. Sn a a? who might do me harm rein enti aut es not with Caine' sabe.
But! 2 5 8S ING OF THE TRADI- i SS
i" had finished with waiting, 5:<" TION oF RENAMING ® CHILDE ACTHE TIME OF For the mark of God was upon me,.}- This ic the fruit of fhe tree, Free
ee so he heard mine first. and they feared His wrath. £ willis also the freedom to choose
. Soe Se Se - a
wee power of the night I gave He set the crown upon my head So did I come to reign over the CoE
at sions 2 ; He called for incense aad tnsié sons of Adam. . Indeed, and Caine's subjects did so.
und my truths to his soul, and offerin | Some called me a god for my

so that he could not deny them. Hetold ae - er, and offered me worshi f ee es
"Favored son of Adam." I told = ‘old the city I was to be their ae ees neisieety ee ap IN q
him, "favored child of God, 8. : os Oe aii I named the city after my first-

You are mine now, and balm t And those who might speak against me of their own free will, ——

: 7 mtomy ime did not, The Lord of Heaven did not

loneliness. intervene For such was the pleasure he

In blood you were made, and in . brought me.

blood I now claim you. And I claimed others who pleased

Let your veins be emptied of the me, to be my own,

life that God provided To share in that curse which was

And filled with the power that power and suffering,
God has granted unto me. So that I would not be alone.

As God had commanded, I did not
till the fields for grain.

As God had decreed, I did not kill
tame beasts for flesh.

These things had been denied me
by His holy word, and I obeyed.

Let your soul be emptied of its
false humility

And your spirit filled with the
night's own strength.

Let your flesh deny its earthly

father
For you are mine now, body, blood I fed upon that which was most
and soul precious to Him, upon the blood

of my brother's kin.
For the blood is the life, and he
who partakes of it.
Though doubly damned, shall be _
made strong.
AR
A Whereas he might have fed on the blood of
f beastsand spared Seth's children.

And none shall take you from me."

Clearly thisis ile fest Embrace abs Te
cataloguing of the changes that occurin ;
each new chide.

) PRIDE IS THE INHERITANCE OF
CAINE.

Chat he did not is another fist

) apis at Beaven.

f Is, that your kind's excuse? /

‘ \

And I learned to give pleasure
to those who fed me,
That they might think it
ecstasy to feed their god
And love me all the more for
my hunger.
So did the city grow, in
numbers and in strength,
Prosperous beneath my rule.
I chose the best of its blood to
serve me,
And the best among those to
embrace the night.
Together we ruled over the sons
of Seth, my children and I,
As the strong have always ruled,
as the wise were meant to do.
They built us homes without
windows, that we might defy
the sun.
They brought the rivers to our
door, that fires might be
quickly quenched.
So were the curses of two
angels answered,
And the curse of God defied.
In time my children hungered
for their own get
And chose from among their
servants those who pleased
them most,
And brought them into the
night.
So swiftly did they multiply,
and so powerful did they
become,
That in time I commanded
64 them to make no more childer,
but be satisfied.

For I feared the curse of the
third angel, not yet answered,
And I knew the day was
coming when my children
would turn on one another
And the streets would run
black with their blood.

Fora time they obeyed me,
for they feared their father's
wrath.

But just as I had not accepted
God's edicts,

So did they not accept mine,
For they were of my blood,

and their nature was defiance.

a

BS
And thus Caine' childer follow his
path. Qualities of spirit are inherited -
with blood as well as seed. 4
: ¢

By Caine's reckoning. Others

I know would disagree. .

a aa =

Those that were nearest me

at #\ embraced the sons of Seth in
secret,

Those that were far distant

\ embraced them openly.

N

Ghisgrants usatime frame
fortheevents being N

\
\

WSS
that they dwelt Geyond \ nlf K Ve
Caine's grasp, and fis childer \

could transgress against fis
fawsinsafety. ¢

They ruled the children of Seth as
gods

Not by man's choice, but by their
own decree

And I knew that then they were
doomed,

For God would not tolerate such
practices.

Foolish children! You make light
of Gods law,

But you have never seen His face.
You make light of His curse

But you have never felt His power.
He who made this world can
unmake it,

He who gave life to mankind can
also give death,

And He who cursed us to prey
upon the living

Can make for us such Hell on
earth

That all the Adversary's torments
will pale by comparison.

I saw the storm clouds gathering.
I felt the air grow cold.

And I knew the time of reckoning
had come at last.

The children of Seth prayed for
me to save them

But I could not.

The rain began to fall, and it did

not cease. f°

The children of Seth made
offerings to their chosen gods,
Blood and gold and precious jewels
And all the while the wrath of the
One God

Drew up the occans into the sky
And cast them down again, to scour
the earth of sin.

My children cried out to me in
fear, but I would not answer them.
Such is the fate you have chosen,
my get.

You were gods without wisdom,
and so your temples are destroyed,
Your flocks drowned, your altars
hung in weeds,

And all those things which were
Most precious to you

Shall be reclaimed unto the earth
whence they came.

Tn the end you shall know such
loneliness

As can exist only in a land bereft
of life.

Perhaps then you will understand
what I truly am

And where your duty lies.

FOR HE IS NOT A TRUE GOD To THE

. CHILDREN OF SETH, BUT HE IS AS ONE TO
My children begged for me to save re HIS OWN CHILDER:

them &
But I would ey, aun ite tHe God of te Herons arf and

And in the end there was only
water
My foolish children
knew hunger
And loneliness

And fear

And it was good.


Sing a song of sorrow, my
brothers in Caine.

Let your lamentations be heard
in the night.

Sing of a time when water
covered all the earth

And the only shelter from the
sun

Lay deep beneath the waves.
Sing of a hunger that could not
be stilled

Save by a brother's blood

And a time of waiting that
seemed like eternity,

With no end in sight.

THIS PERIOD ENTIRELY, NEVER
ADDRESSING THE QUESTION OF
HOW CAINITES SURVIVED IN A
WORLD WITHOUT EARTHLY

OTHER FRAGMENTS SKIP OVER, 1
\
SHELTER OR. HUMAN LIFE: \

The Basylonian fragment intsakit,
Gut only tosay it was a time of great
suffering and trial

Chat's rather an understate-
ment, don't you think?

The Babylonian fragment is
overrated. mcd
Interesting that this verse
points out the worst
torment of all, that is, that
they never knew if the flood
was going to end.

Where is Caine io, all of mel


Our father, will you not hear our I saw the hand of God part the
pleas? clouds

Our father, will you not answer? I saw the earth rise up to greet
Our father, if you cannot end the Him.

storm, I saw the ark settle upon the
Then tell us by whose hand it will mountaintop

be ended, And all the wealth of life pour out
And when we may walk upon the from its gates.

carth again. I knew then what our Sire must

E have known
Do they calTto God or Caine? he text is uncear: When man first settled the
interpretation folds possibilities. : widens: f
¢‘"Father" is not capitalized. It would seer 2 And I cried from joy, and I kissed
Scunlikely that it would be God referred to it the earth, é
instance. " So grateful was I for an end to the \
Or perhaps our author is just ercahié suffering. 4
ce Cae ae

Tell us if the children of Seth will
survive,

Their warm blood heated by the
morning sun,

Or if we are condemned to feed
upon our own,

Sire upon childe, brother upon
brother,

Until all are vanished beneath the

-
waves. Mm

ARO
/ EVIDENTLY THEY HAD NO KNOWLEDGE THAT
é NOAH AND HIS KIN HAD BEEN SAVED.

E God was gentler with his children than Cai
;, was with his, for He gave them hope. The
inites had none.
, Chat is because God determined who
Z among Seth's kin would survive, and:

saw to their safety, while Caine left
bis childer to fight it out like sharks,

Like the predators they were

Like the predators we are. It is the
way of our blood.

E

XS AN INTERESTING RE
¥ MINDER THAT WHEN
& CAINE WAS CAST OUT OF

_— a

Vea

EDEN THERE WAS NO
HUMAN LIFE ON EARTH
EITHER, SAVE IN THE ONE
PLACE FORBIDDEN TO HIM

And here we have

knowledge of the kine's

survival.

Ng

Sing a song of memory, my brothers in Caine

Sing a song of mourning for those who were lost.

My brother's flesh is mud beneath my feet

The taste of his blood is cold upon my lips.

And all the works that man shall create,

From now until the end of time,

Are but monuments to those whom our Father condemned
And whom His wrath consumed.

Let us never forget, lest we earn his rage anew.

Let us never forget, lest the waters rise again.

ne os pee eae

ITS UNCLEAR AGAIN WHO IS MEANT BY "FATHER", CAINE OR GOD.

Vania, unclear, I think.

The text implies that both were responsible for thje Flood. God by choosing to punish man's transgres#
sions, and Caine forspawoning a race of transgressors.

ITALSO IMPLIES THAT CAINE, LIKE GOD, If APART FROM THE RACE OF MAN. LIKE HIM,
CAINE WATCHES OVER THE FLOOD WITHOUT PASSION OF ANY KIND, NOT FEARING IT, Ni
RESENTING IT, SIMPLY KNOWING IT MUST BE

THE BLURRING OF THE LINE BETWEEN CAINE AND GOD If A REPEATED THEME IN MANY OF 4
THESE SECTIONS.

Yes, look at the Laws. That is quite remarkable, and instructive.

But how much of that is artistic jicense by the writer of these Fragments,

and how much is genuine delusion?

Caine is eternal, be cannot die and bis curses alter the fate of all
mankind. Is that a delusion?

And fje Gelieves that whjen fis children fave done wrong the earth should be cleansed of them, to start
anew,

A strategy that God promises never to resort to again, but Caine does
not. Chis is the harbinger of Gehennal

What is the saying. ‘There is no rainbow in the sight?"
Meaning that it is not there, or meaning that it cannot be seen in the darkness?

Exactly

oe

It came to pass in the wake of the
Flood :
That the children of Caine sought
out their Sire,

But of him there was no sign to be
found.

Not in the highest mountains
Not on the driest plain

Not in the deepest forest.

"He has left us," said the First-
born.

"We must make our own way."
Yet still we knew he was watching
us

For there were many signs of it
And we feared the night when he
would return.

I
€
\

A PITY THESE SIGNS ARE NOT BETTER,
DESCRIBED.

There is a Babylonian fragment
of the text which adds some
detail bere.

Yes Gut tconfuses this period with the

foresfadowing of Gefjenna. Goone wondersif
itis recording the saga inits originalform, or
A Gorrowing from (ater prophecies in order to
A> make fora more impressive take.

Babylonian scholarship i

_


ZAEZAIIEZ

It came to pass in the wake of the
Flood
That the children of Noah came
down from the mountaintop.
They planted their crops amidst
the bones of the dead
And brought forth life from the
mud of fhe dying.
. _ _ AN
ce a, "= ST ,
AGAIN, WE HAVE THE REPEATED IMAGERY OF DEATH GIVING WAY To LIFE. THE

ANCIENT CYCLE OF THE YEARLY HARVEST, WITH WINTER CL
r q €ARING THE LAND
SPRING'S BOUNTY. HERE IS SOMETHING OF CAINE'S LEGACY AS X TILLER OF SOIL. For

As with the floodsofthe Mikedelta, the same waters that destroy ao mak ife fo
ae ; 2y also make the ground fertile for
mr on ‘thelr annuafdcoastation, there would be no fife atall: One Pays theprice

Gell you have to have legends like that if you live in a flood plain.

Do not some peoples sacrifice their kings and gods, believing th
z , wat: the le of
death/rebirth holds for them as well? S me

THE CELTS, AT LUGHNASAH

Christ
Caine

_ since rightfully he is the Lord's

BSS In time they spread out across the
earth,
re As they had been commanded to
is 3 do.

They built great cities, with palaces
Rx of stone,
And claimed dominion over all
living things
For such was the sovereignty that

Yee FEST <. Specifically God promised Adamsovercignty over
a <~ afl fiving things. Mote that this excludes the chitderof
Caine, who were no longer counted among the fiving.

Tt came to pass, as the nights —

passed and the Flood receded into

memory,

That the sons of Caine came unto

those cities.

2 And because we were strong, and
had magic that awed the kine,

Bag We became the rulers of Noah's get.

eS
iat ule As Caine had done, we took
Tree - mortals for servants.
a q 1@ As Caine had done, we used
= tbe: ] mortals for lovers.

As Caine had done, we claimed the
first and the best for our own.

‘Ng te

= = ee
ACCORDING TO THE BIBLE, THE FIRST AND BEST OF EACH GENERATION WERE TO BE SET ASIDE we
SACRIFICE TO THE LORD. WITH THIS PASSAGE CAINE'S CHILDER. SET THEMSELVES. UP AS RIVALS 2

TO GOD Y€T AGAIN.
Does that include mortals?
Yes, actually, it does. The Hebrews still observe a ritual "ransom" to claim their first-born,

sledge
THIS WOULD SEEM TO INDICATE THE SPEAKER IS . .
OF THE SECOND GENERATION, YET LATER THAT 7 We made new childer, the third
1S CLEARLY NOT THE CASE. MAOST LIKELY THIS ¢ 4

DOCUMENT If AN AMALGAMATION OF generation,

SEVERAL DOCUMENTS, BY SEVERAL AUTHORS. x 77

Or one miserable forger BS


own brood
As a king ruled over his
subjects.

/ Orthat they were beneath
"Orelse att were Kifledin thje war mentig
faterintfjis text_After all they mows
Geen the weakest of the shilder of Cainea
thus used as battle fodder by their sires:

Pa]

CREATION OF FIFTH GENERATION,
AND BEYOND ARE NOT MENTIO) T
HERG, BUT LATER TEXTS IMPLY
WERE NONE AT THAT TIME.

Weakness of the blood did not exi
at this time. Each generation was.
strong as that which came before.
Still, the potential forpower is fe
the sameasipossessing it. One
doubts the earlier generations
taught the later ones well in the

of their native abilities, 3

= Not wanting to create
rivals. Some things neve

I hang Still, in theory t

} could bave been ninety ge
tions, all as powerful as
Caine.

A Frightening thought. °.
lary coptaar el ee
sik

Caine alone could not be killed.
That is quite the advantage to
Possess in wars of immortals.

Trcame'to pass, inthe nights of our arrogance,
That the curse of the third angel stirred inour blood.
Childe turned against sire in rebellion,

‘And the blood of Caine was spilled upon the earth.
Tn gretdein hunger, in rage, in defiance;

‘We fought vast wars with one another,

Og te nee

INCLUSION OF HUNGER IS CLEARLY A REFERENCE TO THE EFFECTS OF
THE GREAT FLOOD. AFTER SUBSISTING ON CAINITE BLOOD FOR A TIME,
THE CHILDER OF CAINE WERE LOATH TO RETURN TO MORE HUMBLE
FARE

You are reading too much into it. Che passage could as
easily refer to squabbling over buman herds.

Ora hunger for wealth, or any other commodity.
That's "avarice." You make excuses for our author.

A tend toagree with the Flood Hypothesis After al, the 6lood of the ancients was
pomerfiuC Beyond imagination. Canyouimagine suddenly faving to give that up
‘and return to mortal fare? It would seem weak as mater by comparison.

Which implies that all the Antediluvians are addicted to-thé blood
of their descendants, and the stronger the better. That certainly
would explain some of the Gehenna legends, in which it is said they

will devour all, not only the weak.
ff) Kate,
So |

\

mS

~

~

we

C


Armies of mortals marched to our
cause,
And shouted our praises, and died
in our name,
Without ever knowing why.
Fa ere
< Lied to, mesmerized into service, or ma
lated into thinking they marched for.
causes? The text is unclear.

His

d OTHER VERSIONS SUPPORT THE LAST READ}
Perhaps ‘all three.
Would it surprise youf

Their palaces were bloodied,
Their cities were defiled,

And still that was not enough for us.
Brother fought brother for the sake
of spilled blood.

se OT ee ee

AGAIN THE MENTION OF BLOOD-
HUNGER AS A MOTIVATING FORCE IN
THIS GENERATION. THEY WOULD EVEN,
FEED ON THEIR OWN.

Again, this is a revelation?

However (look:to later passages) the :
did not feed on their sires. sie
Not yet y

< .
/" Childe fought sire for the sake of

wer.
ee 4
TEMPORAL POWER, APTHE EARLY CAINITES WERE EQUAL IN POTENCY TO THEIR
SIRES.

ro
GEE

Wars of pride. It would seem to matter little who actually held sway, but it
mattered greatly that one's rivals didnot.

Drusillapostulates that the second generation of Cainites were the true Kings of this time, with
their chifderacting as fords in vassalage. df so, politicatrestlessness may fiave been a prime
motivating factorin this conflict.

THE ANGEL'S CURSE GUARANTEED THE INEVITABLE ARRIVAL OF REASONS FOR
WAR. OR WAR WITHOUT MOTIVE, IF NECESSARY.

True

War for the sake of war. The Cainite anthem

wn childer, that is, the second generation

In the end, all the children of And those who remained upon the

Caine were destroyed. earth
aan "> Trembled in fear at the thought of

> Caine's rage,
For they knew his vengeance would
Enoch the first-born, Zyllah his  ¢ terrible.
most beautiful. Low shall I face you, my Sire's
Jabal and Adah and Tubal and Sire?
Mehujael,

Biblical text sts these as Caine'scfiddren and grandefitoren

Probably dividing them up according to when they were
given the blood, to make sense of it in mortal terms

Or perbaps they were truly of those generations
or Reveal terms, and later embraced by our
Gire. Enoch may have bad children before bis

own embrace.


It came to pass, in the nights of
blood and death,
That our Father returned to us.
So terrible was his countenance
That we fell to our knees at the
sight of him.
His face was as white as bleached
bone,

His eyes were as black as the abyss,
And those who could see the force
of his rage

Turned aside as he passed, lest its 7

a . power blind them.

How shall I answer your rage? Better to have died in the Flood
Behold, my brother is ash beneath than to face you now.
my feet Better to have perished in the fires
And the blood of Enoch, your of war
favorite childe, Than to know your wrath.
Is fresh upon my lips. Clear reference to uses of Auspex: our author is describing those who can
9 see Caine's emotional radiance
"THOSE WHO COULD S€€" IMPLIES NOT ALL HAD THAT POWER THEN.

Were they unable to, learn it, as many are sow, or hod they

Caine contained within himself allpatfjs of power. Gis descendants fave bloodight to
only three. Bad this weakening already occurred?

Again the fixation on drinking the blood of our kind.

Rather ironic that God's Flood was responsible 4
‘or this, yes? a IF $0, THEN IT 16 UNRELATED TO THE CURSE OF CLANS, BELOW.

by would it not be? It was clearly Ris ‘ daamns good way ped Soy ing sopahen bis eouldEr, ost

intention to condemn the childer of Caine

to eternal conflict. If the rising of the NO ON€ COULD STAND AGAINST CAINE. THE MARK OF GOD WAS STILL UPON
é OUBT W'

waters served Ris purpose, all the better Dees UE aad HARMED. WHICH IS NO DOUBT WHY THEY

A move that in hindsight God no doubt regrets

Are you so sure?


"T gave you life eternal," he cried,
"And you have defiled it!

I gave you dominion over mortal
men, and you have abused it!

28
DOMINION OVER MORTALS If PART OF
THE BLOODRIGHT OF CAINITES. é

>

Can you not tell that a Ventrue ~<

wrote this?
¥
= 7

What shall I give you now?
What justice suits you, my errant
children,

That you would destroy the ones
who gave you life?

ETERNAL LIFE, OR SECOND LIFE, OR LIFE-
THROUGH-DEATH?

/ Let it be passed down through his

For what you have done I will
curse you all

Not merely with a handful of
words,

But each according to his nature,
Each one according to his crime.
Let my curse reign in his blood

forever,

embrace,
To each of his childer, and to their

childer in turn.

&

~~

THE MIXED USACE OF
¥ CAINITE TERMS WITH
5 MORTAL - CHILDER AND
CHILDREN, FOR EXAMPLE ~
f POINTS ONCE MORE TO
——— MULTIPLE AUTHORS FOR,
THIS SECTION.

And if the night comes when you
forget my words,

And tempt my wrath anew,
Then will I awaken the curse
within you
And it shall lay you low,
Low as the worms that crawl in the

dust." _»—~ :: ee,
_ be ee —_

LANS, BELOW, THEN IT
INTERESTING PASSAGE. IF IT REFERS ONLY TO THE CURSE OF CI i
MEANS EACH CLAN WILL BE ASSAULTED INA MANNER THAT SUITS ITS PARTICU-

eee

LAR WEAKNESS y
On the other hand if it refers to the whole of the Curse, then it could forewarn 5
of the weakest of our kind rising up against the strong,

Let them try it. They will learn.

BEWARE THE STRENGTH OF THE MULTITUDE.

As ifthie young ones trust each} otfjer (ong enougsj todo that. SS
Condescension is a deadly weakness ay

8
As you 00 doubt will learn 5


Behold, she who thought of
nothing but her own fleeting

pleasure,
__ Shall by her own pleasure be
TOREADORY

He who claimed innocence because ©

the Beast ruled him &

Shall be slave to the Beast forever.

Se GANGREL ee
No, Brujah

Beast here clearly refers to the
more violent facets e
-QiniTe ‘emperamen:

ee

_Damn your eyes, the lot of pout

i a

He who took no action, but

abandoned others to their fate, 13

She who used the wild beasts for
allies in her killing

Shall become a beast herself, so
that all men o revile ber

me THIS, THEN, ISGANGREL

Your powers of percepti
2 Bhai shamed the Greeks Poe oats

He who s sought to h to hide his _
monstrous deeds

Shall become monstrous in visage,
and doomed to dwell in offal and

Cainites,

— Shall be himself outcast, and 4 ete might simply mean that his

™\.___trusted by no one.
RAVNOS =~.

is were more monstrous than
mo:

OTHER FRAGMENTS DO SUGGEST THAT.

Probably theotfers would fave hidden theirsas
well ifthey could. Which implles that: eA:
Offuscationroa adiseiptine not possesses by

He who reveled in the darkness of
his own foul hunger

Shall be bound to that darkness
forever, kin to the most vile,

accursed by God.

"Foul hunger" might refer to the lust for the
blood of other Cainites. 4

If so a rather twisted justice, since
their own blood is more tempting Ae, |
that of other clans.

That is merely rumor.
Casted it, have we?

"Most vile' is clearly areference to the Serpent and fis
fin: Cursed art though fromamongalltiving things. |

cat allthedays of thy life." Genesis 3:14

Che serpent is a suitable ally for our ;
hind, for is it not the onl
creature on this earth to been

singled out by God's curse through all 3

its generations?

Well, seve for mortal Kine

Exactly
a

oy,

own sake
Shall wear death's countenance for
all to see to see and fear.

Chis clearly was inte!
repelled by a death-white visage

most powerful now, when we must hi

Knowledge is Kept, save by stealth andviofence

Do you believe everything you read?
GulliGility is a trait many inferit with the 6food

.

ve

Upontfjey belly shalt though go, anddust shalt though ty

Behold my proudest childe, whose
own pride betrayed him.

Let the blood of the humble
sicken him, and give him no

sustenance.
ne ee

If this refers to Ventrue, it

rather implies that he must

~ feed-upon noble blood; yes?
£ —
Or6(ood which isnot gumélein fis
ou

PRECISELY

jes.
aes a Bai "true who

Jip on the lowliest of

fad

AND CAN YOU-SA¥-FOR

# CERTAIN HOW HE JUDGED
THEM? PERHAPS THEY HAD
WORTH IN HIS EYES.

Or on bis lips.

Please spare us sucf comments.3d0
not need to travefso many mifes to,
read sucf pettyinsutts, andd wil
demonstrate my displeasure on those
wfjo waste my time.

He i loved death for death's <S

————_—

fed to affect mortals, since Cainites would hardly be

leh poner curse jo Hose days, when Cofites Wad ope, uf ove of the

our true naturesa~bit better

Ao, avery powerfulerrse foraclanthat values scholarship, fortiegstimot gaincacy access to the places where.

Itis said there is later prophecy that the Cappadocians will not survive then next great period of trial.

Yes, and*E-am' curious as $o-who wrote that?


Behold my darkest childe, who
killed with shadows.

Let the shadows veil his soul, so
that all may know his crime.

NL

DXSoMBRA

Aninteresting reference. Gradition states that thee
soutmay 6¢ glimpsed ina mirror, and that
creatures without asoultherefore donot reflect.

Guaranteeing a hostile response
from mortal men, even if they do
not know the cause

| CLASSIFY THIS WITH THE CURSES OF THE
CAPPADOCIAN AND NOSFERATU,
TARGETED TOWARDS THE MORTAL
WORLD RATHER THAN THEIR FELLOW.
CAINITES.

T Know of Toreador courts where
the Nosferatu are not welcome for
ir visages alone

SHORT-LIVED COURTS, 1AM SURE. Hi

WHOS
INSULTS THE NOSFERATU If A FOOL.

=

A dead fool.

Fhereare wee

Behold Yny most loveless childe,
who fed upon his brother's pain.
Let him know equal torment in

: TN any domain but his own.

TZIMISCE eg EO
\
q

a

all, they rather got around
that one, didn't they? Just
bring your native soil with
you. y
‘Youmay permit yourse(fto think that. dtis ¢

not mypplace todisi(lusionyou. x

oye to. speak of them af all

e
as
e

Behold my most deadly childe,
who loved murder for its own sake.
Let him be addicted to the taste of
killing, so that all may fear and
loathe him.

a. a
‘ —
ASSAMITE oe ee
"Ye

* Yes, that is truly a fearsome cu
"You like killing, so I will make yx
like Rilling more."

Strust Caine had someotfier purpose to this
fulness of time wilfno doubt reveaLit.

Itis best not to speak lightly of the Assassin
Even here.

Ss a al

Behold my most foolish childe,
who claims madness for his
pleasure.

Let him become mad in truth, so

that all may fear his company.

~ MALKAVIAN

Chis is a passage I would not like
the Malkavians to see. If they learn
* their mission before Caine is to
strike fear in the hearts of other

Cainites, we shall never bear the end
of their nonsense. \
£

; Yoo a Nie

Wade

When he had spoken thus, the
night was still and hushed

And not one dared speak.

Yet there was one to whom he had
not spoken

And all eyes turned to him,
Gentle Saulot, whose ways were of
healing,

And who had sought to staunch the
flow of blood

In sire and childe alike.

"You I shall not curse," Caine said,
"for you alone were steadfast.

You will be the guardian of
Raphael's promise,

A beacon of hope for those who
would seek redemption.

Let all my childer see what you are,
That they may know when you
walk among them.

Oe Daag"

Xs ‘Perhaps thie origin of the third eye, which makes the

= Salubrisocasy toidentify.
THAT TURNED OUT TO BE A CURSE IN THE END,

‘e
Ps
é

es

< THOUGH, DIDN/T IT?

Interesting how Caine here repeats the work
of the angels who visited him, is it not?

AN


For as long as you are on this earth,
they are not truly lost.
Let you and your childer be as
teachers to them
So that they may raise themselves
| up and be saved.

And if the day comes when they
are so blind
Or so possessed by jealous rage
That they would root out the one
_ true growth
, From among their garden of weeds
Then it will be their own souls
they destroy.
And if the day comes when you
fail to value
The gift that I have given,
Then shall that same mark be
turned against you
And those who gaze with jealousy

upon you

Will surely hunt you nail
: PS

HIS ISA FAR CRY FROM
WHAT THE SALUBRT
BECAME.

You are young. Tales
of their deviltry are
quite recent. Consider
this ere you judge.

And the sources somewhat
suspect as wel.

he Usury h
Hardon' guawherashiyetaves ep"

1 AMVTOLD THAT SAULOT'S CHILDER HAVE DISAPPEARED.
Ye is hard to know. There were never many of them.

Fewer now

Si ca, ee OE
MYT 1S IRONIC THAT THE CURSE LAID UPON US

night.
EONS

Such was his power, as we heard
his words,

That we knew ourselves doubly
damned.

Once by the Lord's rage, and now
by his.

Yet still he was not done, but said
to us all,

"Let your proud blood weaken
with each generation,

So that no childe can match its
sire's strength

Or rise up against those who came
before.

So shall you be bound to peace, {

Enslaved by weakness, where force §

has failed.

TO BIND US TO PEACE BECAME THE SINGLE
GREATEST MOTIVATION FOR CONFLICT
AMONG OUR KIND.

Bt might Gesaid that with this curseCainedoomed
fisown fine to destruction. Before this, dia6 erie was
just a perversion and must fave Geen all ut 24
unfinown. Yow, as the prophecies am, itis the

monster within our souGs, waiting todeoourus all

The angels must have laughed that

ee ae ~ a atc)
Choose your childer with care,
therefore,

And control your generations

For in time your blood may be so /
weakened §
That your childer will be little
stronger than mortals.

‘And when that night comes, as it
"@ surely shall,

I shall know by such signs that you
are unworthy

And I will return again." en 7

MGCOMIUS JULIANUS HAS THEORIZED.

bs

2 THAE eE WEL COME IN THE
"10TH GENERATION, OR ITH AT THE
-DRTEST

Apparently not, ford fnow ofoneCainite who
fas experimented with fis own progeny, and
Siscovered that the curse meafiens after that
point, and a full eas may survive. Chor
the fastare, as Caine mams, fitt(e stronger tha
Emortals

Bf

He destroyed all his experiments, |
assume? If not, someone needs to.

Perhhapsas the 6loodofCaine groms weaker,
its power to convey our Gire's wrath does also.
3fs0, might not such weak Catnites also be free
of terest of fis curse?

PERHAPS $0. IT HAS ALREADY BEEN
NOTED THAT CLAN CHARACTERISTICS
ARE LESS MARKED IN THE YOUNGER,
GENERATIONS. :

Sfthatis the case, thentGe existence of stich
vampires would bedoubly dangerous. For God
Himself might well be angered that fis curse
fyad so fittte effect, and Ge stirred to wratfjonce

again.

The weak must be hunted down
ard destroyed for the safety of
all.

To curse his childer anew? To destroy
them?

© To destroy us all if we have not
y saae§ our-duty. in weeding out the
weak.

Thus spake our Sire, to punish his
errant childer.
And when he was done he wrapped
himself in darkness
And left in veiled secrecy, so that
none could follow
So that none might answer
So that none might argue
So that none might plead
And it was good.
Amen.


I
I am Caine, your Father, who has
brought you past the gates of death,
To partake of life eternal on earth.

ye

oo,

< 4
Coinite bloodsis viewed \
ere asa gitnot a

curse. Cleafly we are Ks
meant to thack Caine forg \\\
his blessing upon -us. Z

$0. DO MANY VENTRUE
REGARD IT.

Fhe Decaloguéformatof this
section, andin particular the

similarity of tfc first commandment
to God's own, once more makes it
clear that within thie ranks of fis

ownechilder, Caineonsiders himself 4

+

tobeas God.

Ifnot among mortals as

well. though of course he. ass
could not say thateutright.

Be comes damnably close
in some of these sec-

tions. ?

Hed ‘not "as" God


II

Forget not the curses that attend
my gift.

To do so is folly, and tempts the
wrath of the Almighty.

Do not call yourselves gods before
Him,

Nor demand worship from the
sons of Seth,

Lest you inspire the Almighty to

he strike you down.

™

ee ee
But...if the sons of Seth )
decide to worship you on q
their own, that's fine. Fe
Tsuspect such fOgisticalniceties will Gear 4
little weight with the Lord of Hosts.

Honor those who are closest to me in the course of generations,
For they bear my strength and are truest to my nature.
Render unto them honor, obedience and fear, as you would render unto

me,

And let the eldest be Lord among you

a Ot eR,

Lowd? Oratord? The difference is of great Z
import. Does Caine mean to usurp God? 2

As I am Lord to you all.
_ SET,
Note that they are to rule \
[ because they bear bis strength. Fy
\_ If they are weak, they deserve to 7
Ps be overthrown. 4
<4 BY MORE QUALIFIED ELDERS, OF Ba
{ COURSE. a
t 7


IV

The sons of Seth to whom you
give your blood shall be as chil-
dren to you.

Treat them well and see that they
know our traditions.

Know that as a father is held

accountable for the transgressions

of his child, a

So shall you be held accountable {
for the sins of those who share
your blood.

semlT 1S UNCLEAR WHETHER THIS COM-

MANDMENT.REFERS TO GHOULS OR
CHILDER. IF THE FORMER, THE 4
ADMONITION TO "TREAT THEM WELL" If

ALL BUT FORGOTTEN THESE DAYS. .

‘As ghouls are addressed in Vii, | ter
to think this refers to those who have
tasted death and the Blood;

Nite that it doesn +. say anything
about belagrreleased from thas 2a
responsiblity of accounting Does —
thot wean thal -qveo offer. 6
childe is release his sire is still

responsible for all of his actions? =

§0 HAVE THE VENTRUE PRACTICED
SINCE THE FIRST NIGHTS.

So they have claimed.

_—=>—

Vv

Feed not on beasts whose blood is

magic, for the taste of it brings

madness.

Feed not on the diseased, lest you

spread their sickness to all the

living.

Feed not on children, for they will

bear the mark of it forever.

Feed not on the old or the weak,

for they have no strength to spare.
Interestingly, three out of four deal more with the health and well-being of
humans than of Cainites. Is that compassion?

ust concem fora healthy Herd, no Soubt. Spreading disease thins the herd. Feeding on thieot® a

gives one ood with no vigor. feeding on te young weakens futuregencrations.
There is 00 compassion here. 4
eos wa. enn acmeitag ieee

100

VI

Honor the domain of one another,
For the sake of the One who has
nodomain. {

Give shelter to the wanderer /
among you, /

From the sun and other earthly {

dangers,
For the sake of the One who |

wanders eternally. /

™~s

oN

| "Care ydangers"isavery specific
phhrase...cfosen, dam sure, toegchude the
ravages of Cainite pofiticsand other
interpersonaffostilities:

In other words, if you're hiding ©
out from the sun, any Cainite
should shelter you. If you've ©
gotten into a mess enemies"
are after pou, you're on your
‘own. Eminently sensible, I'm
sure.

OF COURSE, THIS WAS WRITTEN IN A
DAY BEFORE SUCH RABBLE. I'M SURE
CAINE DID NOT INTEND US TO BE
FORCED TO LET THECLANLESS INTO OU!
HAVENS.

Are you? i

eT ted NE ,
i aan

Vil

Treasure those who guard
you, who bear your blood as
their strength.

Protect them from danger,

and cherish them as you:

own,

For without them you are
naked before the sun [//
And helpless before your

enemies.

ww
Dy an
el a
Galt this one bas been \
pretty much forgotten, it }
would seem. Gben was j
the last time you saw
ghouls being treated well,
much less "cherished"?

Caine's text reinforces the ethic that {

those wfjo rule favea responsibility to \

treat their subjects well:
What an interesting world it

would be if that ‘were
actually the practice.

THERE ARE MANY VENTRUE
WHO TAKE THAT ETHIC QUITE
SERIOUSLY.

Dream on, little king,
reality is passing you by.

ir


VII : A x

The right and life and death is
Embrace not in anger, lest

given to sire over childe
And none shal! stand between your anger be given with

them. 3 ie, > your blood.

So it was with God ov i
er Adam Embrace not in vengeance,

So it was with Adam over me
4 lest you make your enemy

And so shall it be with you over all

your progeny, unto the final eternal.

4 Embrace not the young, for

generation.

they will surely bring folly
to your line.

Embrace not for love, for
the angel's curse will corrupt
all love,

And make of your gift a foul

act that will haunt you all

the rest of your

nights.


x
You shall not devour the soul of
any Cainite.
To do so is surely an offense
against my Law.

Let any Cainite who has commit-
ted this crime be cast out from
among you.

Let him be hunted as an animal is
hunted.

Let him be slaughtered as an
animal is slaughtered.

For I have given you power and
eternal life, but the soul within you
is the
Lord's,

And He is a jealous God who
safeguards His domain against all
trespass.

. a i ce

 - NV

Yes, and anyone who believes that fear of God is
the source of this command please tell me where
you slumber so I may set my ghouls to watch-
ing your dwelling places for warnings of fire
during the day. "Sur grandfather takes us all for
fools.

Or innocents

Like Saulot? Such is the price of blind obedience!

Hearken to the prophet's words of And to the warrior of lost nights,
blood-filled dreams and shortened whose sword cries out for ven-
nights, geance.
Of hunger risen to claim its own, Harken to the word of the
of arrogance turned to ash. scholar, for whom knowledge is a

— Oe =a curse, .0
ONCE AGAIN, WE HAVE THE PROMISE THAT

CAINE'S PROGENY WILL ULTIMATELY FALL % fo rg Wear
mee

HUNGER.

Yet what does te ungerreferto: 6(o0d, souls, or eve) MERE POETIC IMAGERY OR A

i IT 1S UNCLEAR WHETHER THIS IS
t SPECIFIC REFERENCE TO THREE

perflaps the Gust forpower?
DISTINCT SEERS. IF THE LATTER,

4,
THIS If THE ONLY HINT WE ARE
Yes« WH etven oF THEIR NATURES
ne y

Hearken to the words of the seer,
whose vision rends the veil of time

Perhaps each section numbered below

flasits origin with adifferent prophet.
a wr eS If so, then we are either missing
cone prophet, or else text has
been added. Either is a discom-
fiting thought.

THERE WERE THOSE WHO COULD ALTER THE

IT IS RUMORED. THAT AMONG THE ANCIENTS, =5
WARP AND WEFT OF TIME =

Those are rumors only, I am sure. 4

a EM


AO a LE eae

And ancient horrors are but dreams
of things to come.

!

/

AGAIN, THE IMACE OF HISTORY

REPEATED. IT 1S A PREVALENT

THEME IN THIS SECTION.

Cainites must fearn fromtfeix past. m

Call that to the young

f
ones. ayy)

i / From them shall come warning.
From them shall come wisdom.
a From them shall come slaughter.

I
Within the get of Caine there is a

hunger stirring.

Once, twice, thrice the call to
power and death

Will rend the souls of the Thir-

teen.
This is the death without blood-
shed,

This is the grave that has no

ghosts.

i ee ee
~~
A REFERENCE TO DIABLERIE? THE DEVOUR- 3

ING OF THE SOUL ALLOWS FOR NO SPIRITUAL.
FRAGMENTS TO PASS BEYOND DEATH.

Te Thirteen would seem to refer to the
Antedifuvians A tifough there were undoubtedly "4.
more of them originally, thirteen is the number of clan
founders cited in cartier sections.

pe ech

Behold, one dies in silence, cries
unheard.

Children will bear his name but
not his blood.

Blissful in ignorance, savoring
blindness,

His get live out the minutes one
by one,

tee ee

A curious tum of phrase: Is it meant:
to imply that they might have lived
<> _ out time according to some.other

¢* pattern, had'this not occurred?

ANOTHER REFERENCE TO TIME.
fe COULD THESE BE THE SEERS?

4
Ee ee

INTERESTINGLY ENOUGH, THIS SEEMS TO
IMPLY THAT THE PROPHECIES THEMSELVES
WILL BE CAUSE FOR VIOLENCE

Men fave Geen known todo terrible things in the
nameof} fear.

we Do the prophecies of Gehenna warn of the
last nights, or are they perhaps meant to
cause them?

Ind if so, who first
intent?"


While those who savor secret
knowledge tremble,

Scouring the world for each last
drop of truth.

There is no salvation in killing.
Nor do the damned ever forget.

\)  tumoted that Brujaf was Killed 6y Gis
f= owonrehilde,

A
AN Kchat is.a lie spread by the
Ventrue.

f But if not, it would imply that a

a, ee'

We "aes =

My

~. portion of this prophecy might refer " "Js
{ei to the past, Rot the future.

¢ "Prophecies of things, which tine

will reveal perhaps?

ORCELSE AN INDICATION OF HOW LONG:

B AGO THESE WORDS WERE WRITTEN. SN ea His children shall be made into demons,

WHAT IS PAST TO US MIGHT WELL HAVE< 35 ea

BEEN THE EORURE THEN: a LITERALLY, OR MERELY BY REPUTATION? ——
Ng NI ; al
oi Both possibilities are intriguing grounds for speculation. ae 7

The second shall be bound by Ss RE ee —— ha
mm cs : Hunted for evils that are not their own.

latined Ey magics: mped by Beware the anger of the banished.
magics.

Beware the fury of the abandoned.

AE my LP Ten times ten times ten they wait,

: me % Secret in shadows, savoring hatred.
A REFERENCE TO THE USURPERS,

~ Te
—=~
PERHAPS? THEY ARE THE ONLY CLAN A reel

WITH MAGIC.
IF THE ABOVE IS X REFERENCE TO 1,000 YEARS, THEN DURING THAT TIME THEY WILL
RARELY BE SEEN, IF EVER.

Or perhaps they gain the Casombra as Allies; that blood has power
over shadows.

if Degenerate, tfieving worms!

} The reference might be to human

J — sorcerers

BE Not if these ‘erophetias Jeol wilh
De tel wa: ae

ender,

Could ten times. ten times ten reference their oumbers? That would make

@ mighty bos! indee

Preposterous!

cam
4

€ for both mortals and Cainites, and a
\ weakness that might yet be exploited,

aa ali

Until the night Sheol's army will
7 find them
Anarmy fiomGell literally? Oronty inspivit? >
Where is your pride now. you~

Bringing them into the crimson ancient thieves?
____ light, What good are lies against cold

PERHAPS & REFERENCE TO THE RED STAR > Steel?
WHICH FIGURES IN OTHER PROPHECIES? — These are the soldiers who know

no silence,

Then shall those who strayed from
their House
Be strangled in the darkness

These are the ones who dance with
the Beast.

~

Ya

Caisite nature?

ae
INTERESTING. IT IS SAID THE TREMERE STILL &
MAINTAIN LINKS TO THEIR MORTAL HOUSE.

That would seem to be a perilous tactic

While others huddle within its 4 possisty one oF THE CLANS WHOSE SKILLS

a walls, INCLUDE WAKENING THE BEAST WITHIN: answered,
Stee Singing songs of magic and Ortfosewfo ave made their peace wit the Beask Then shall the theft of souls
SS. impotence. £. Btissaidafem incages favemanaged that. 25 ee be avenged.

Qe Simply those who revel in their

And in that time when
princes fall

And high priests rise up
among the damned

-. ~~

<THE SETITES HAVE A PRIESTHOOD,

% YES? PERHAPS THIS REFERS TO
THEIR COMING ASCENDANCY

4 AMONG OUR KIND.

f
Or at least their coming out
into the open. Che "soldiers
who know no silence?'

Then shall ancient crimes be

The third shall be betrayed by
We his own,

Treasured childe, knowledge-
seeker,

H Drunk on dreams of death
and shadows.

NOD 1

SEVERAL CLANS MIGHT FIT
THIS DESCRIPTION. THE
CAPPADOCIANS AND THE
ASSAMITES COME TO MIND. |
a

A

"Sy,
aga
rae',

Vit

Uf;
WL Vp

Lip
i

Yj

La

That would be a fitting
end for the Hssassins,
devoured themselves as
4 they devour others.

YY

¥,

WY

NY

3

\, One can only hope f
( "


Where is your victory, drinker of
souls?

Your name will be cursed to the
end of time

And in the land where ghosts
gather

The dead shall devour hatred for
strength

And put on flesh to walk the earth
again.

: eNO \ Then shall your infamy have its
\ | answer.
SOULS NCLUMLLY FEED ON } Then shall your victims scour the
HATRED, FEAR AND THE see Spa y world,
LIKE. THE Di 1, Ol *
y RAFERENCE TO THE onvcinadl Hungering for the taste of ven-
If-so, our kind me \— geance.
: ae po wouldseemthe latter\Woe) Then shall the souls whom you
ide those who raise the ire have abused
the unquiet dead, for their Gather about them bloody dark-
red is undying. A: ness
at is sown shall be 4] And strangle all invaders.
foped The whirlwind 4
hall devour them: f
oat OS ee %


Fear the dead, for their
vengeance shal] be manifest.
Fear the spirit without a body,
for he shall find a voice.
Fear the armies too long
forgotten, for they do not

Five hundred years will seven be
joined
Ruling in defiance of angels
Seeking unity among the damned.
Beware the Cainite who so forgets
his Curse

na < + ate. a

THAT IS, THE CURSE CONDEMNING y
CAINE'S BLOOD TO PERPETUAL DISCORD z

Seeking todefythatcurseistodefuthewittof ——%,
Gos. 4

As to dream of mortal harmony.

_—— ee ee

That is, the Farmony Cainites enjoyed in their mortaldays?

I think not. Bere we see evidence of lost
Carthage!

VES, EVIDENCE THAT IT WAS DOOMED FROM THE
START


For all his cities shall become ash
And all his dreams shall be
scattered to the winds.
Behold, a new enemy attends him
now
The childer of his arrogance:
‘Twice dead, thrice born, hungry for
death,

A CURIOUS TURN OF PHRASE. ARE ‘
DIFFERENT MANNER OF CREATUR EENTIRELY25:

Terepeated references: todinbterietmpy the former. %

mortal world and once to ourgibut thet
fe i

REBIRTH.

neither mortal nor Cainite.

ee

Ni
we

Wit

Maer: ~,
t a ene

Z\
XS)
©)

%

\

iN

rs

9)
AN

——

\\

©

<\
i

((

—_
>

©/

S

fe)

Ver
\\

It might be said that: Cainites ae killed oneéyBbrn twice...once to the
one cycle unaccounted for

\

Va
a

i] gt
PERHAPS THIS REFERS TO SOME RITUAL REENACTMENT OF DEATH AND.

Or, 40: some, transformation' beyond the Embrace, into' a form |

os

S IN SHORT, AN ARMY OF

&

DIABEERISTS, IT WOULD SEEM

So let the ancients fear the

young,

And gird themselves about

with laws

In weakling efforts to defend

their souls.

You cannot save yourselves, you

foolish kings,


You cannot stop the coming storm,

or even halve its rage.

Mere words cannot repress the
hatred

Which courses through a thousand
youngling hearts

Nor quiet the temptation of your
blood

Thick with its age and strength,
and cold with power.
The ancient war, all but forgotten,

stirs afresh,

Your blood is the new battlefield
And even those whom you have
cursed to save yourselves

Shall break free of their bonds at
last

And feast upon your souls in

ecst

Behold, allies abandon their
station

And twisted bloodines clamor
from without,

Threatening precarious unity.
Then shall that black crown which

is so reviled

THE MARK OF DIABLERIE AS
REVEALED TO VAMPIRIC SENSES

2 Thank you for stating the

obvious


I
In the lands of the rising sun
an enemy stirs

Se ee |
THAT IS, IN THE LANDS TO THE EAST

sei meantoindcatecadinatbiection:&,
or merely tostate that thieenemy's source is >
insomedistantand unknown place? The 4.
Pentateuefj uses similar phrasesinseveral
cases to indicate the fatter.

SN eee

Born of death, soul-divided.
Ancient beyond the count of

Seco
THESE ARE OF COURSE ALL PHRASES
THAT MIGHT BE APPLIED TO

CAINITES.
Sit on the most beloved brow Se

And the harmony of seven be rent = SS OS ees ee

at last . Cousin to Caine but not his

Not from without its proud walls, 7 kin

but from within. Spirit to Caine but not his

Thus do the angels triumph over ally.

all. A ins his chi
—— P cross the plains his childer
F Vane will come

£  DIABLERIE IS THE TOOL OF THE THE EASTERN STEPPES, PERHAPS? ¥
Se ANGEL'S CURSE, FOR IT TEMPTS US S
AWAY FROM WHAT UNITY WE

> MIGHT OTHERWISE ACHIEVE ' Again, you state the obvious

Ironically that is Caine's own fault, Swan (Sis Gadcncd fest huner
for was it not his own curse that } = meee
made each generation weaker than SS a
the one before? é A most ominous description. Against \\
an enemy with his own power andan
Even Caine serves God's , additional tolerance for sunlight, a |
ultimate purpose Cainite would have little defense. F
Ssaiaf 45:7—3 formtffelightandcreate
am the Lord that doetf all these things. 4 one has survived to bring back

2 clear description

> a
Nae Oe \A

Hatred burning bright for night's

invaders.

ES. J a a te

A TERRITORIAL DISPUTE?

ete

L.. 3fso, the Cainites are the first offenders. =

; There are already those who have

} travelled as far east as the great sea.
!

;

|

journey. Its price is high
NSS se GN
Across the sea of the west his —
childer will come
Into the lands of Caine, invaders
themselves.

a

oe
ew, Vo

FE
}
\ - PRESUMABLY A SEPARATE INCIDENT.
|

\

i,

Fighting in parts, flesh re-

vealed, demon-spawned,
Elders without generation,
childer without weakness.

Iv OTHER WORDS, FREE OF THE A

CURSE CAINE LAID UPON HIS
CHILDER.

Sijat was inthe generation. Perhaps.
these creatures are descendants: ofthe
second, (ost survivors of the Great §(00d..

That would explain both the
similarity between our peoples and
the veiled references to kinship. 24

PERHAPS THIS IS WHAT WE OUR-
SELVES MIGHT HAVE BECOME, IF NOT
FOR CAINE'S RAGE?

That does sot explain the
reference to sunlight. which is
lar more ancien

NN A F,
IX Se ew

How shall you fight them,

you children of Caine?

Behold, in the cast their

power draws nigh

7 And such is the force of the
congregation

That all the night is consumed

in day.

A false sun sets the earth afire.

Dust fills the sky, and a hot

wind blows,

oz Scaring all flesh to ash.

We ee Ee
ALL CAINITE FLESH, OR THAT OF ALL
LIVING CREATURES?

ia

Either way, this prophesies aforrifying
apocatypse.3 pray it ts apocryphal, rather than:
eschatological

Where is the Wanderer
now, third-born of
Caine? _

THIRD CHILDE-OF CAING OR™
ONE OF THE THIRD GENERA-
TION?

y Be is called Wanderer.
> Chat is best applied-to
the Gangrel, yes?

Or the Ravaos

Turned to dust, and lost to
imagining.

Where are his childer, in
whom death echoes?

Turned to madness, and lost to
all.

Such is the cost of triumph.

THIS IMPLIES A DELIBER-
ATE ACT OF MURDER.

And a successful
one

y Who would wreak such
utter destruction, and
for what purpose?

IV
I strayed into the Well of
Night, where visions gather,
And there I saw a star set in
the heavens

Scarlet as blood, clear as
souls |

THE RED STAR, SPOKEN OF IN S
OTHER GEHENNA PROPHECIES ASS
A SIGN OF THE END DAYS.

‘Bright as the forbidden sun.

IN OTHER WORDS, VISIBLE >
DURING THE DAY, PERHAPS?

>
AswastheStarofBethejem. 3
é GHhereis precedent. = 4

By its side a crimson moon

rose,

The sabered crescent, razor-
sharp

Goddess of the Hunt

: ~~ in blood.

. EN
ef Stax
THIS IS THE FIRST REFERENCE TO
PAGAN DEITY IN THE TEXT, AND
AGAIN IT POINTS TO THIS SECTION
HAVING AN ORIGIN INDEPENDENT
OF THE OTHERS. J

Or perhapsit is merely meant to.
accommodate the prophetic
metaphor that follows.

06 Scape poll's! pagans.
referee afane bd oval
reference to Lilith

THERE ARE PROPHECIES THAT SAY
SHE WILL RIS€ UP AND DO BATTLE
WITH CAINE IN THE FINAL DAYS.

God placed a sign upon the Head of Caine
that would prevent any man from farming
fim...


Another was called Madness, and

Arrows lay before her, sharp and ready,
Poisoned with curses, tempered in holy wrath,
And as I watched, she let them fly.
One was called Hunger, and where it struck
It was as if the drowning waters rose again. ——

as it struck the earth

I saw each gripped in fever

Le

And those things in their blood

7
pe Tewaters of the Flood, whieh

pt destroyed afl Fuman fife.

which were darkest

Caine's childer turned on upon their own
Childe feeding upon sire
Ally upon ally, friend upon friend.

Gained in power a thousandfold
Until all human nature was
drowned

Each by his own curse, each washed

clean in his own blood.
»~
ae wt
IIS UNCLEAR WHETHER THIS REFERSTO
THE INDIVIDUAL DARKNESS IN €ACH
CAINITE RISING UP, OR. CURSE SHARED
BY HOUSES OF CAINITES...PERHAPS CLANS?

Perhaps in the end days the curses which Caine
id upon fis efitder will Gecome more marked, so
that cach clanis overcome by its own inferent

flaws. a


I saw her draw an arrow then,
Weakness by name,

And where it struck the earth the
blood of Caine was thinned
Until it ran like water in a stream.

THAT IS, FLOWING LIKE MORTAL BLOOD, 3Y
AS OPPOSED TO THE MORE POTENT BASIS

OF CAINITE EXISTENCE. (

"4
Or of wedkoess. Do oabtalleg. <A |
rophetiis spaakiols twacale Hin
fiosd? z

Or fica just a great deal of
it. We are reading a warning of
slaughter!

And all the curses laid
upon it Then did the dead lay with the
Were as whispers, barely " , 4 ; living
heard. = f H Bringing forth young in defiance of
Nature
Doubly damned, neither living nor
dead,
Cursed with the hunger of the
ancients

Ms F \ | For blood, or for
THIS CLEARLY REFERS TO = = diablerie?. aay

INDIVIDUALS OF WEAK BLOOD, 7
AND NOT TO THE CLANSAS 4

WHOLE.

{ Perbaps. I stand
"unconvinced.

And all the fears of dying flesh.
Oh Caine, where is your glory
now?

Your children scrabble in the dust
And tears of water stain their

Bastards scurry to find their sires.

Laying claim to names abandoned,
age se
THOSE WHO HAVE DISOWNED THEIR

CLANS OR. WHO HAVE BEEN CAST OUT
WILL RETURN.

Or else as food, their corpses strewn
1 Upon the ramparts of the final war

cheeks. (_ Btissaid some clantess frrow theirtrue 6l008, -s

a . your pride, where is your é Gut fave chosen todenyit. pe glee ce nclecanelt
Stren; *

Where is the wrath that should & dary weed cost bee

endure? Se

Behold, the clanless are made Seeking shelter among the

kings damned.

The weak turn upon their sires
And all the dreams you cherished
most

Are drowned in blood before her

gaze.

~
>
ae a AD

ANOTHER REFERENCE TO THE
HUNTRESS IMAGE OF THIS SECTION? }

Or perhaps to Lilith, There are

those who believe that in the last
days her followers will rise up and ¥
claim their birthright.

Paghaps the Hie°are one ‘oad,
re same

Behold, their fate is bitterness,
their portion ashes

And when the deluge comes they
shall be cast out

Or used as shields against her fury _

2 MAGE
in tHE! \
ROS NIST: WHO


Does this imply that perhaps the angels will Keep this >
savior from Geing found? 2,

Or that the search is being watched for other

Q

I saw her draw an arrow last, its \._~ If so, this passage would seem to imply that Sg And down below, inscribed in things.
ii the salvation of Cait it Em
i "s aie rio Prerce oe ee ne 2 ile PERHAPS OUR KIND WILL BE JUDGED ON THE
And on its glistening flank was one & a Marks the only path that leads PERHAPS OUR KIND WILL BEJUDGED ON THE
from doom. MIGHT SEARCH FOR X GIVEN MORTAL

H. = SECRETLY, OR NBUSE MANY IN THE ACT.

his a gift of God, this Hope, "PERHAPS THIS IS JUST A FINAL TEST, AND
Was hss 8 Pe CAINE' BLOOD If TO RECEIVE ITS ULTIMATE
Or mockery of demons? JUDGMENT ACCORDING TO HOW IT HANDLES
All the angels watch you now ITSELF IN THOSE LAST NIGHTS.

And in your search, their judgment b That implies that. salvation is still

‘ possible, does it not!
too is rendered.

word: Hope. t ‘Youcannot possibly countenance such 6lesphemy!
PN LO ee \ Tf it is true. it camot be blasphemy
"Antetesting: This paralles the story of the
GCemptation, in which the (ast angeLoffered Caine =3
fope of redemption.

‘Yes, and how few have achieved it?

Some have. All may

» \ Yes, it ratflerdots, Butat what cost?

7

Our fate is our'own to make.
Chese fairy tales benefit no one,
and they confuse many.

S

Then...hy are you, here?

yr Ne

But where it fell the darkness
swallowed it over

And none could see it from the
earth, nor mark its path.
Behold, childer of the first

damned soul,
Sp ee

REFERENCE TO CAING OR ADAM? =
af Caine, this marks the Fallasa lesser crime. =
Behold the pride of Cainites! a
Se ee ee
Your savior is lost among the
thousands,

And all your searching cannot find
the secret mark

Upon her flesh, or know her name.

Behold, the Lady's crescent guards
the heavens

ANOTHER REFERENCE TO THE GODDES:
OF THE X400N, CITED ABOVE

3
Oragainto Lites. -

‘S

Let your family be as a tree: prune
the weakest branches that the
whole may be strong.

ag tt EER
Doing away with the crooked ones 2 3
won't burt either.

A curious philosophy. Knotted wood
often has surprising strength and beauty.

ae
If you wish a secret known, tell it
toa Toreador

These three things a Prince should
never do, if he means to prosper:
Anger the Brujah

Embarrass the Ventrue

Ignore the Nosferatu

A brilliant philosophy!
FOR ONCE WE ARE IN in

for once

I nef

___ Inthe darkness there is no rainbow.
™ awe

Perhaps the most chilling ofthe provers,
thisreminds us that the promise which God

made not to destroy the cartfi again was

never made to Cainites, norfas Caine

fjimse(F made any similar promise. Jy

:
j

pice

The best way to defeat an enemy is

to outlive him. ee

eO
XoS0 DOMANY VENTRUE REGARD IT.

"Ce

eee

ee

When the elders leave, it is time to
fan oe

And when the young ones leave, it

€__ istime to take advantage of their
z?- inexperience.
SSS Ne

If you must see love embraced, let

it be done by your sire.
ge AR See

\ScHTHIAS ADDS To THIS THAT IF YOU
WISH A MORTAL TO JOIN YOUIN
CAINE'S DARKNESS, THEN ASK YOUR,
SIRE TO EMBRACE HER, FOR OTHER
WIS€ YOU DAMN HER NOT ONLY TO

= GOD!S CURSE, BUT TO CAINE'S ASWELL.

Pe Embracing out oflove? Fookisfiness.Allthat

pa a fatfures of ourattcestors,, °

ing scales,

On te Na
Nothing is more dangerous than a
bored elder.

Save those whom the elders

Zor as ancien:

Every Cainite is a pawn on
someones chess 's chessboard.

Benne Caine himself?

bat game do you suggest God

2.

Does the' rainbow truly not wet
ia the dorkpess. or are we
incapable of seaing i?

‘plays, then?


Do not gamble with the Beast, for
in the end it always wins.

Give a Ventrue a crown and he will

be content.
Ree

Though be who mistakes a -F

crown for true power may /
sometimes find himself sadly
disappointed.

=)
4
That, Isuspect, is the pol ‘|

SN gee
When you think you understand an

elder's motivation,

q That is the time to start worrying.

Jod of course, the reverse holds >

true as well <

— ee

To find the greatest darkness, seek
within.

Never underestimate women. Once
Embraced, they make the fiercest

When the Ravnos leave, check your
purse.

When the Ventrue leave, check
your lands and servants.

When the Brujah leave, check your
defenses.

Pe
5 VERY PREDICTABLE

Only a Nosferatu truly under:
stands what beauty is.

Fear your enemy most when he is
silent.

é ORAS IT IS ALSO. SAID, THE TIME

= WHEN You DECIDE TO DOA

€2" DANGEROUS THING, THAT IS WHEN
YOU MUST STOP DISCUSSING IT WITH

2 OTHERS.

"ES

The more generous a Setite _
appears, the more wary you should
be of accepting his gifts.

"kind, | think. Who here trusts the
_muettemere who willingly parts with

predators.

EP = a eee

And not before? If Caine wrote this,
be is a fool.

And fe lamed nothing ftom-Littg.

~ See

of an elder is to amuse him.

2

The safest way to assuage the rage hs

his magics, the Ventrue who

happily grants lands and titles, or

the dinner invitation from the
vane WOivode? <

We areas oursires madeus and their
Sires Gefore tfjem. 7

7 God pity us all

€ The same holds for anyof our

%

Esteemed Unclee »

| write this as a separate letter, as it is for your eyes alone. :

In doing so | take a risk of seeming overly presumptuous, for it
is surely not the place of a mere ghoul to comment upon the plans of
his betters, or to pretend to any true knowledge of Cainite politics. Yet
write it | must, for my soul cannot find peace until | do. a

My Uncle, | have come to understand that our family line has
great ambition. | have even heard whispers of a day when the dlan
may be ours to rule, and its former masters will fall by the wayside.
| could not help but think about that as | read these prophecies. |
cannot help now but remember the warning that the third clan to
fall would be "betrayed by its own."

It seems to me that by reals book we have become part
of its prophecy. For if there is another within Cappadocian ranks
who would destroy the clan, then it is our duty to seek him out. And
if not...then this is clear proof of our own rise to power, and of the
dangers inherent in such an act. i

My Uncle, the warning of the text is clear. The spirits of the ;
dead will rise up against the one who commits such an act, and will
ultimately destroy him. Therefore any such attempt must be accom-
panied by exhaustive knowledge of the lands of the dead, as well as
magic that can bind angry spirits. The welfare of our family will
surely depend upon how well we have mastered such arts.

I will say no more on this matter, but leave it to the elders of
our family to seek further enlightenment from the text itself. For
surely, used correctly, it can be a most powerful tool.

Your Most Devoted Nephew ,

Nice

Hrom the Abbot Aol, of the Brotherhood of Shadows

Go Augustus Giovap, of the Coppodocian Order

at y anh deep regret that I send to you the peryonal effects of your
pephew, Niccolo Grovonps, ond wilh thoy a collection of ast. The

EA were foupd in fs chamber beyde fu bed, apd are presumed fo be
if

During fu short slay wvth us, Niccolo demonstrated great promp. He
wos a true scholar, ope who dd pot heytate to seek after knowledge even
when the porch grew porous. He wos ajo young, apd like jo ynopy of

the youpg, did pot comprefnd the full seope of that which fe courted.

"AE 15 sud sometimes, the oth that fos too cf
' 5 00 coe to f
ilumpation, but 15 quickly consumed. he fire finds

ur condolences to you ip your log. le wil remember your pephew
IN our prayers.

Written by: C.S. Friedman

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Ed Hall

Art Direction by: Richard Thomas

Art by: John Cobb, Mike Danza, Guy Davis, Richard
Kane Ferguson, Michael Gaydos, Rebecca Guay, Eric
Hotz, Vince Locke, David Sexton, Alex Sheikman,
Andrew Trabbold

Graphic Design by: Richard Thomas

Intern: Dana Habecker

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128
ClaResTOn, GA 30021

USA
CAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the
written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascen-
sion and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, The Erciyes Fragments, The Cainite Her-
esy, Dark Ages Companion, Dark Ages Storyteller Secrets, Clanbook Cappadocian,
Clanbook Baali, Clanbook Toreador, Constantinople by Night, Clanbook Lasombra,
Children of the Night, Liege Lord and Lackey, Clanbook Salubri, Jerusalem by Night,
Fountains of Bright Crimson, The Book of Nod, Revelations of the Dark Mother and
Three Pillars are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing,
Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a chal-
lenge to the trademark or copyright concemed.

This book uses the supematural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and
supernatural elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA


Vampire: THE DABK AGES TAKES YOU TO.

THE TWELFTH CENTURY, WHEN THE KINDBED RODE
AS LOBDS. UNFETTERED BY ANY MASQUEBADE, THEY
BUILT KINGDOMS AND BATHED IN BLOOD.
Onl they COL Boe ee ae ce bas Bithed the most comprehensive

mprovisational i i G LORY AND TERROR AWAIT IN THE SHADOWS
Of THE PAST...BUT BEWARE, THE DARKNESS YOU
: NEED FEAR MOST IS THE DARKNESS WITHIN TOURSELE,

WWW.WHITE-WOLECOM —

VHT ye

Tec ae wowed Wee Wil Pug, AN pin sn

‘Vampire: The Dark Ages is a registered trademark of White Wolf Inc. All rights reserved. DARKNES

Ruling the world from the shadows

.
& <i ‘a
Telling One Epic story
&
*.
rhe vampire
Isa monumental 13-novel
undertaking that transports
you to the forbidden world
of the Kindred.
tach book: stands alone,
but together they tell a story
of grande nue and terror.
it begins with
ai CLAN NOVEL! TOBEADOR.
1 IWOIDE now tendsavill determine
a Rss the fate of evecy human
— and inhuman —
clan Novel: toreador being in the world.
elon Noued Clan Noued clan Nouvel clan Nouvel Clan Nouvel clan nour
iZiisce Gangrel selite Lasorpbra RAUDOS Assarpil
clan nouel clap poued clon poued clan novel clan novel
malkaviary, Rrajaby Giovanni Tremere Nosferatu

We,

V4 0o°S 12 VERE &

THE [JASOUF RADE,
