# File: Europe.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Bjorn ©. Boe, Chris Hartford, Oliver Hoffmann, James
Mealigewshi, Ari Marmell, List J. StecleandC, x Suleiman

ae. Vampire created by Mark Rein: clase

fr


Credits

Authors: Bjgrn T. Bge (Scandinavia), Chris
Hartford (British Isles), Oliver Hoffmann (Holy
Roman Empire), James Maliszewski (Iberia, Byzan-
tine Successor States), Ari Marmell (Hungary), Lisa
J. Steele (France, Italy), C. A. Suleiman (Outremer)

Vampire and the World of Darkness created by
Mark ReinoHagen

Additional Material: Matthew McFarland

Storyteller game system designed by Mark
Reine Hagen

Developer: Matthew McFarland

Additional Development by: Philippe R. Boulle

Editor: Carl Bowen

Art Direction: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Cartographers: Eric Hotz, Heather McFarland

Interior Art: Beet, Mike Chaney, Guy Davis,
Elizabeth Leggett, D.M. Foster, Rik Martin, Vince
Locke, Mark Smylie, James Stowe

Front Cover Art: Christopher Moeller

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

1554 LITTON DR © 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-

served. Reproduction without the written permission of the

3 STONE MOUNTAIN Ch publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
f

reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be

30083 reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,

Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage

USA the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness

PUBLISHING and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers
Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark
Ages Mage, Dark Ages Europe, Bitter Crusade, Under the Black Cross, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by
Night, Jerusalem by Night, Libellus Sanguinis I Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis II Keepers of the
Word, Libellus Sanguinis II] Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis IV Thieves in the Night, The Ashen
Knight, The Ashen Thief, Iberia by Night, Transylvania by Night, House of Tremere, Wolves of the Sea,
Fountains of Bright Crimson, Wind from the East and Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

KAGES EUROPE -

CABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction

Chapter One: The British Isles

Chapter Two: France

Chapter Three: The Holy Roman Empire
Chapter Four: Iberia

Chapter Five: Italy

Chapter Six: Hungary and the Slavic East
Chapter Seven: Scandinavia and the Baltics
Chapter Eight: Byzantine Successor States
Chapter Nine: Outremer

10
31
57
79
97
121
143
59
173



INCRODUCTION

"The English are drunken cowards, the French proud, soft and
effeminate; the Germans are quarrelsome and foul-mouthed, th
Normans vain and haughty, the men of Poitou tr
miserly, the Burgundians stupid brutes, the Bretons frivolous and
ly, spiteful and evil-minded, the Romans
vicious and violent, the Sicilians tyrannical and cruel,
Brabant are thieves and the Flemings are debauched."

acherous and

flight, the Lombards mise
the men of

—Jacobus de Vitry, Parisian theologian on the vices of students at
the University of Par

In thenorth, the fierce Norse Cainites struggle to keep their traditions safe from
invaders. In the British Isles, young vampires chafe under Mithras's rule. In
Germany, the Patricians appear staunchly united against interlopers, but in truth,
a deep rift divides the clan, Far to the east, in Outremer, the Children of Caine
watch mortals slaughter each other in the name of God, and they wonder after their
own souls. Treaties are made and broken, Cainites feed on the unwary and pursue
their courts and wars, leaving destruction in their wake. This is the Dark Medieval.
This is the War of Princes.

With the sack of Constantinople nearly three decades gone, the conflicts between
the undead have been joined in earnest. Clan wars on clan as the Tzimisce attempt to
exact revenge on the Usurpers. Cainites following the Road of Heaven clash with the
Sinners. In some cities, a powerful prince can keep order, but that title is very much
dependant on the would-be ruler's ability to hold it. Such titles can change in the space
of one night, and word of such changes travels slowly. A vampire might reach a city he
believes to be friendly ground only to find a hated enemy in power.
alongside mortal armies, subtly steering them toward the havens of theit foes, and they
force their own levies of troops into loyalty with the blood oath.

nites ride

And yet, the destruction the Children of Caine wreak on the land is nothing
compared to what the Children of Seth can do. Thousands have already been putto the

sat Se
+ INTRODUGHON-


torch for the crime of heresy in France, and many more will
follow. The Crusades have not ended, as both Islam and
ristianity want control of the Holy Land. The Italian
city-s
alliance and vendetta. And all without any creature of the
night so much as lifting a finger.

It'sadangerous time, made only more so by the blood-
drinking demons thatstalk the night. But what the mortals
of the Dark Medieval don't know is that existence for these
demons is just as tenuous as it is for them.

Overview

Dark Ages Europe is meant to give players and
Storytellers an inkling of the scope of the Dark Medieval
and of the diversity of the cultures contained therein. In
this book, the reader will discover brief histories of the
regions covered, descriptions of their major cities, notes on
the geography of those regions and, of course, information
on the Cainites of a given area. Mortal rulers are also
touched upon (some, such as Frederick II, naturally merit
more discussion than others).

The following are some general notes and concepts
that readers may find useful.

Chronology

Dark Ages Europe (and any future Dark Ages
product) is set in AD 1230. Events that occurred before
that year are referred to in past tense, whereas events
that take place during or after AD 1230 use present tense.
While occasionally making reference to the future of a
person or a region, this book concerns itself with the
recent history of Europe for the most part, rather than
attempting to cover too broad of a span of time. This is
largely for space reasons. Just as we don't have room in
this book to cover all of the facets of medieval life that
we would like to, we don't have room to include a
comprehensive history of Europe.

This attitude is true of characters, as well. (For
instance, fans of Vampire: The Dark Ages will notice
that the "Destiny" section has been cut from charac-
ters.) We feel that this decision gives the Storyteller
more freedom to choose the fates of important charac-
ters without tying them to "canon." On the few occasions
that we break this rule and mention a character's fate,
please understand that it's meant only as a polite sugges-
tion. Feel free, as always, to fold, spindle and mutilate
the published material to suit your chronicle's needs.

Nations

The modern concept of "nations" doesn't really apply
somuch tomedieval Europe. Monarchscan rule lands they
have neverseen by virtue of marriage or inheritance, which
does nothing for nationalistic fervor. Plus, as wars and
territorial battles were fought daily, borders tended to shift.

+ DARKZ

ates battle each other in a never-ending dance of

In the maps in this book, we've paid more attention to the
location of cities than to exact "national" borders. See
"Chapter by Chapter" for a brief rundown of what territo-
ties each chapter covers.

How to Us This Book

Players and Storytellers can make use of Dark Ages
Europe in a number of ways, depending on the needs of
their chronicles.

A Storyteller might choose to run a chronicle that
spans various parts of Europe. This idea is especially
appropriate if the coterie has no fixed domain or if the
chronicle is meant to take place over the course of a
pilgrimage. Either way, Dark Ages Europe can serve as
a "travel guide" of sorts. The Storyteller can look ahead
to where the characters may end up and use any of the
myriad plot points mentioned throughout the book as
story hooks for the coterie.

The Storyteller might also use this book to select a
spot for her chronicle. Do the players seem geared to tell
stories about the struggles of the nobles and the peas-
antry? Perhaps the Storyteller should consider the Holy
Roman Empire, as the cold war between the Antasian
and Patriarch Ventrue might highlight such a conflict
nicely. If more direct conflict is the order of the day (or
night), maybe Prussia or Lithuania, where Christian
knights war on the native people, would be more appro-
priate. The material in Dark Ages Europe could inspire
aStoryteller to research her chosen area further, whether
with othersourcebooks (suchas Transylvania by Night)
or with actual historical material (such as those sources
listed at the end of this introduction).

Players might find possibilities for character con-
cepts lurking herein. It's one thing if a character was a
"French peasant" during his mortal life, but suppose he
was a peasant from Albi? Did he witness any of the
horror of the Albigensian Crusade? Was his Embrace
perpetrated by a fleeing Cainite who needed an extra set
of hands? Likewise, the player should consider his
character's place in the War of Princes. Is he indifferent
to the whole thing, or has he sworn fealty to one of the
courts? As Dark Ages Europe looks at these courts in
somewhat greater detail, it could inform the decision-
making process.

Finally, although Dark Ages Europe is written from
a largely vampiric standpoint, the information presented
herein is just as useful for a Dark Ages: Mage game, or as
a reference for any Dark Ages release.

Powers of the Day and Night

Included in each chapter is a sidebar giving brief
descriptions of both mortal and Cainite leaders for the
region. As mentioned previously, however, nations are
defined more by who rules them than by actual borders, so
the same people may appear in the sidebars for several


different chapters. All this means is that the given leaderis
important in the region, which in turn mea any
politically savvy character, undead or otherwise, will have
heard somethingabout the leader. Political rumors fly in the
Dark Medieval, justas they do in the moder age. Actually
recountingsuch rumorsaloud, however, can meanacrimi-
nal charge in some places, so those who wish to poke fun at
their rulers had best do so by allegory and satire
sioning ballads against a political rival, in fact, is an
effective method of striking against him without dirtying
one's hands.

Sommis-

The Cainite section of each opening sidebar reveals
the vampires' names, clans, generations and positions in
society. While we list generation and clan to save time,
understand that the "common Cainite" in another coun-
try won'tnecessarily know this information. Forexample,
most Cainites involved in any way with the War of
Princes will know that Jirgen of Magdeburg is
Hardestadt'schilde, and probably that both are Ventrue,
but their generationsare anyone's guess. Likewise, vam-
pires in the British Isles may know that the Baroness of
Gloucester isa Malkavian, but that information might
not have spread as far as Germany. When running a
Dark Ages: Vampire chronicle, the Storyteller should
feel free to spread seeds of misinformation (and the
players should remember that their characters have not
read this book)

Chapter by Chapter
Introduction: The part you're reading now.
Chapter One: The British Isles contains information

on the Baronies of Avalon and Mithras's rise to power, as

well as on Aquitaine, England's last French holding.
Chapter Two: France details the Toreador Courts of

Love as well as the Albigensian Crusade's bloody legacy.
Chapter Three: The Holy Roman Empire examines

Harlestac'Sambitions (andthoseofhischilde ingen of Magdeburg)

aswell asthe lands of Germany and the island of ici

Chapter Four: Iberia touches on the lands torn by
the Reconquista and the vampiric machinations therein.

Chapter Five: Italy explores the Papacy, the Italian
city-states and their notable Cainites.

Chapter Six: Hungary and the Slavic East details the
ongoing struggle between the Fiends and the Tremere as
well as updating information from Transylvania by Night.

Chapter Seven: Scandinavia and the Baltics dis-
cusses the Northlands and the vampires who brave
the Lupines and the scant mortal population to seck
power there.

Chapter Eight: Byzantine Successor States shows
the fate of Constantinople and the new kingdoms that
have formed in the wake of its fall.

Chapter Nine: Outremer explains the vampiric
accord called the Diet of Olives and how the undead
exist in the Holy Land.

{seul Gources

The following books and websites were useful dur-
ing the research and writing of Dark Ages Europe.
Storytellers and players who are interested in using the
history of the region in their chronicles should consider
giving some of them a look.

Books

Brentano, Robert, Rome Before Avignon: A Social History
of Thineenth Cenuary Rome, University of California Press
(1991)

Cantor, Norman F. (ed.), The Encyclopedia of the Mille
Ages, Viking Press (1999)

Costen, Michael, The Cathars and the Albigensian Crusade,
Manchester University Press (1997)

Gies, Joseph and Frances, Life in a Medieval City,
HarperCollins (1981)

Gillingham, John, The Angevin Empire (Second Edition),
Edward Amold (2001)

Kennedy, Hugh, Musi Spain and Pongal: A Political History
of ALAndas, Addison-Wesley Publishing Company (1997)

Larner, John, Italy in the Age of Dante and Petrarch, 1216-
1380, Longman (1983)

McEvedy, Colin, The New Penguin Atlas of Medieval
History, Penguin USA (1992)

Mortimer, Richard, Angevin England 1154-1258 (A His-
tory of Medieval Britain), Blackwell Publishing (1994)

Norwich, John Julius, Byzantium: The Decline and Fall,
Knopf (1996)

O'Callaghan, Joseph F,, A History of Medieval Spain,
Comell University Press (1983)

Ostrogorsky, George, History ofthe Byzantine State, Rutgers
University Press (1986)

Reilly, Bemard F., The Medieval Spains (Cambridge Medi-
eval Textbooks), Cambridge University Press (1993)

Richard, Jean, Saint Louis: Crusader King of France, Cam-
bridge University Press (1992)

Schimmelpfenning, Bemhard, The Papacy, Columbia
University Press (1992)

Vasiliev, Alexander A., History of the Byzantine Empire,
324-1453, University of Wisconsin Press (1952)

Waley, Daniel Philip, The ltaliem City-Republics, Addison-
Wesley Publishing Company (1988)

Weir, Alison, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life, Ballantine
Books (2000)

Tnternet Gites

http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/OMACL/
DanishHistory/

http://www. britannica.com/

http://encarta.msn.com/reference/

hetp://www.rotravel.com/romania/history/



O, let us pay the time but needful woe,

Since it hath been beforehand with our grief'.

This England never did, nor never shall,

Lie at the proud foot of a conqueror,

But when it first did help to wound itself.

Now these her princes are come home again,

Come the three corners of the world in arms,

And we shall shock them. Nought shall make us rue,

If England to itself do rest but true.

—William Shakespeare, The Life and Death of King John

In AD 1154, Henry of Anjou ascended to the throne of England.
Already lord of Anjou and Normandy by birth, and of Poitou, Gascony
and Aquitaine by his marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine, his succession
created one of the most powerful empires in Europe. The year 1154
also saw the rise of another more shadowy empire, that of Mithras, the
two-millennia-old Ventrue who had dominated Britain during the
time of the Romans. The fortunes of the mortal empire have waxed
and waned. Britain has gained substantial influence in Wales, Scot-
land and Ireland but lost the majority of the Angevin lands in France
during the reign of Henry's son John. By contrast, Mithras's shadow
realm, the Baronies of Avalon, has prospered in the years since his
reappearance.


MORTALS

Henry III Plantagenet — King of England.
The young king has only recently come into his
majority and.is currently seeking to regain his
lost French lands.

Richard ‘of Cornwall —Eatl of Cornwall
and Count of Poitou,*the king's rebellious
younger brother. ¥ ]

Richard de Clare.— Ambitious Earl of
Gloucester and lord of Glamorgan. i

*Richard le Grant — Archbishop of Canter-
bury and head of the Province of Canterbury.

Richard le Poor — Prince-Bishop of Durham
wielding formidable religious and secular au-
thority in the Palatinate of Durham.

Walter de Gray — Archbishop of York and
head of the Province of York. A ‘strict but
effective leader with sound financial sense and
an eye for detail.

Llywelyn Fawr ap Iorworth, "the Great" —
Prince of Wales. Powerful lord of Gwynedd and
dverlord of Wales. Ostensibly Henry's vassal;
bound by marriage to King Henry's half-sister,
Joan.

Alexander Hl — King of Scotland and lord
of the Honor of Huntingdon. Nominal vassal of
Henry, also bound by marriage to one of the
king's sisters. 3 9

Hugh de Lusignan — King Henry's stepfa-
ther and rebellious lord of Marche. and
Angouléme.

Avalon and the Angevin Empire are inextricably
intertwined, and understanding the politics and society
of one demands knowledge of the other. Likewise, under-
standing the situation in 1230 requires knowledge of the
past. The history of England and its satellites has shaped
the nature and outlook of the people, and many Cainites
extant tonight remember notonly the time before Angevin
tule but before even the Normans invaded in 1066. Many
hail from the times of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms or the
centuries of chaos that marked the interregnum between
the rules of the Romans and the Saxons. A few even claim
to pre-date Rome.

A History of the Ungevin
Empire

Humans have been living in the British Isles since
the fifth millennium before Christ, but the date of the first

POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT

CAINITES

Mithras — (4th-generation Ventrue) Prince of Lon-
don, god of warriors and lord of the Baronies of Avalon.

Melusine d'Anjou — (7th-ger
"Queen" of Winchester and Mithras

Meerlinda — (5th-generation Tremere), head of the
Lion's Gate chantry in Durham and founder of the Tremere
Inner Council.

rephen — (5th-generation Ventre), Influential

Cainite Baron of Lincoln, currently faced with rebellious
neonates and power-hungry neighbors.

tion Toreador)
main rival.

John de York — (6th-generation Ventrue), Baron of
York and conspirator against Mithras.

Adrian — (8th-generation Toreador), Cainite "Arch-
bishop" of Canterbun

Aelfred — (8th-generation Toreador), Heretic "Dea-
con" of Norwich.

Nathaniel (6th-generation Brujah), Baron of Carlisle
and conspirator against Mithras.

Seren — (7th-generation Mall
Glouce:

yian), Baroness of

Marcus Verus — (5th-generation Ventrue) Baron of
Chester.
jenevieve Ragged Jenny" de London—(8th-genera-
tion Nosferatu), criminal mastermind of London and
Promethean.
int ap Mithras (os
"Baron" of Gwynedd.

Rhodry ap G neration

Ventrue), the weal
Magda — (Sth-generation Lhiannan), "The Witch of

Connacht."
Gerard le Vieux — (8th-generation Toreador), Baron

of Bordeaux.

eneration Toreador),

ainite Heresy in the

Ranulph Longsword — (7
"Bishop" of Cahorsand overseer of the
Angevin domains.

Cainite presence is unknown. Cainites who remember
those nights may still exist, butnone have spoken of those
times, and written records do not appear until shortly
before the Roman invasion. The Toreador claim involve-
ment in the creation of the stone circles that dot the
island and in the forging of the beauteous works that have
been found in a number of stone tombs. The truth of the
matter, however, is lost to the mists of history. The
Gangrel state that their presence in the British Isles dates
back to the dawn of time, when they pursued a "great
betrayer" to these lands and waged war on her amid the
primal woodlands, becoming regarded as gods by the
mortals. This is widely believed to refer to the pursuit of
the Lhiannan, the barbaric offshoot of the Gangrel known
to have strong ties to the Celtic peoples who predomi-
nated until the arrival of the Saxons.

The natives at first tolerated the arrival of their
"civilized" companions from Rome, but as the mortal and


vampiric invaders sought to impose their will on society,
reshaping it to meet their own desires, tolerance turned
into resentment and then outright warfare. Perhaps the
most significant event of these early days of Roman rule,
ifnot the history of British Cainites, was the arrival in AD
71 of a Ventrue Methuselah. Embraced far to the east by
Veddartha (the Ventrue Antediluvian), the young war-
rior suborned the cult of a Persian war-god, establishing
himself as the living embodiment of the deity Mithras.
Having journeyed through Greece and the East, Mithras
eventually came to Rome where his cult gained particular
favor among the legions. Followers of the bull-god were
present in every major campaign of the empire, including
that in Britain. Stories of the conflicts in the new prov-
incesoon reached hisearsand, in search of new challenges
and opponents, Mithras set off for this cold and distant
land. His plans were unknown, but in the end he would
stay in Britain for more than a thousand years.

‘ampaigns against the Welsh eliminated the last
remaining threat to Roman rule and led to the establish-
ment of a series of forts in the subdued land. The military
action also served as a cover for Cainite action between
supernatural opponents, in which the Lhiannan and their
pagan mortal associates were the main targets of the
assault. The center of druidic and Lhiannan power, Mona
(now Anglesey), had been razed by the Romans in AD 60,
but outlying communities continued to subscribe to the
outlawed ideologies. Efforts to subdue the Picts of Hibernia
were less successful. The legions handily defeated the
barbarian hordes in pitched battles, but the Picts rarely
allowed themselves to be drawn into such engagements.
Furthermore, Lupines often accompanied the Pictish
raiders, allowing them to maul the mortal forces. Mithras
reveled in these battles, exploiting the ongoing conflict
with the Picts and Lupines to sate his bloodlust. The
border skirmishes raged for half a century but the mortal
authorities eventually decided to approach the problem
from a different angle: They ordered the construction of
awall across the length of the northern frontier. Later for
the ruling emperor, Hadrian, the wall incorporated nu-
merous forts and watchtowers that became a bastion of
the Mithraic cults.

Despite his frequentabsences in the northern battles,
Mithras's influence grew steadily over the years, his cult
becomingone of the principal religions of Roman Britain,
with his temples — mithraei—dotting the land. The cult
attracted a number of Cainite adherents, but even those
who didn't subscribe to Mithraism turned to the
Methuselah for guidance. By the middle of the second
century, Mithras was the most powerful Cainite in Brit-
ain, the dark shadow of the Roman governor for all
intents. Under Mithras's aegis, the Ventrue came to be
the most powerful clan in Britain, establishing a hege-
mony that would only waver with the fall of the empire,
and which endures in some form until the Anarch Revolt
in the 15th century.

Thecornerstone of Mithras's rule, religion, also proved
to be his greatest weakness. He resented the growing
influence of Christianity — a religion that subsumed
many elements of his own cult, including the celebration
of December 25th, tales of a virgin birth, and the death
and resurrection of its figurehead. He is widely believed to
have been behind the scattered acts of persecution against
adherents of the new faith, both Cainite and mortal, and
he took a personal interest in Constantine the Great, who
was proclaimed emperor at York in 306. Mithras hoped to
use his influence over Constantine to crush the "upstart"
religion, but he spectacularly failed in this, when the
emperor accepted Christianity as the official religion of
the empire — some say under the influence of Clan
Lasombra. Mithras's efforts to destroy Christianity in-
stead became a desperate rear-guard effort.

The collapse of central government in Britain (in
AD 409) was a mortal wound to Ventrue authority, and
many younger Cainites turned on their elders, blaming
them for their misfortunes. Mithras survived many at-
tempts on his unlife, but other elder Cainites were less
fortunate. The internecine conflict sapped Mithras's re-
solve. He knew that even someone of his strength and
power could not hope to prevail in these circumstances,
50, feeling the weight of his years, he chose to withdraw
from the conflict and enter torpor beneath the floor of the
mithraeum at Vercovicium.

The mortal nobles hired foreign mercenaries, foederati,
who were initially loyal to their employers. Arriving in
increasing numbers and realizing that the land was theirs
for the taking, many brought their families with them
with the intention of claiming it for their own. Saxon
Cainites (mainly Gangrel and some Brujah) arrived with
the foederati and the associated colonists, bearing no love
for the Roman-British Cainites. Many British Cainites
chose to accompany their mortal associates across the
channel to northwest Gaul, a land that would become
known as Little Britain (or, "Brittany").

In the years before AD 500, Ambrosius and his
associates fought the Saxons to a standstill, eventually
inflicting a great defeat on them at Mons Badonicus. A
combination of treaty and martial strength held the
invaders back for several decades. In 542, however, civil
war erupted among the British and resulted in the cata-
clysmic Battle of Camlann that led to the defeat of the
rebels but also cost the life of the principal British war-
lord, called Arthur by the chronicles of the era.

Cainites used the struggle between the nascent states
of "Angle-land" to further their own goals, expanding
their influence and power across the British Isles. The
Celtic lands proved to be a major obstacle, with the
massive Lupine presence among the Picts hampering
expansion into the lands that would become Scotland,
and several ancient Cainites dominating affairs in Wales.
Ireland remained beyond the reach of most Cainites (save


THEONCEAND FUTUREKING

You ask of "Arthur"? Yes, I knew him. You expected me to decry him as a myth? No Arturos was all too real, as
we Saxons discovered to our cost. I met him numerous times. Just as | abandoned Woden for the worship of Mithras,
so did Arturos forsake Cernunnos, called by some the Horned God. Peace reigned in the mithraei, with Saxons and
Britons meeting as equals in the bull-god's eyes. Back then we didn't know the truth of the living Lord of Ages.

Arturos was a brave fighter and a cunning strategist, that much | will grant him. Honorable? He was as honorable
as any Roman cavalry officer, which is to say not very. The stories of chivalry and high romance are naught but fictions
products of Chretien de Troyes' overactive imagination and spread by my lady Eleanor of Aquitaine. True, he was a war-
leader, but he was brutal, willing to do anything and everything to ensure victory. The legends don't tell you what he did
with the prisoners after the battle of Baddon, do they? Or what his band did to the women of Ratae. Or his idea of "justice
after becoming Dux Bellorum

Aye, he was a good warlord for the Britons, but he was a failure as a king. He lived only for battle and spent most
ofhis reign in the saddle. The people suffered greatly, forced to support his war bands in their struggle against us invaders
He bled his people dry, and it's no surprise that his reign ended in revolt. Read what you willinto his bastard son's leadership
of the rebels and his concubine's flight to Ynis Witrin, but Arturos' Pyrrhic victory at Camlann, while quelling the
yebellion, shattered the Britons' fighting force and assured Saxon victory

Aethelwulf, warlord of Mithras

offered a host of opportunities for wary and adventurous
Cainites. By AD 900, the Toreador had established ha-

ns in Edinburgh and Berwick. These groups would
remain largely independent of their Saxon (and later
Norman) siblings until the middle of the 11th century.

a handful of Lhiannan and their Gangrel pursuers) until
the arrival of the Vikings.

s the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms struggled against
Viking raiders and later Danish invaders, the Scots uni
fied under Kenneth MacAlpin who conquered the Picts
in AD 844. This victory coincided with a decline in
Lupine support for the Picts and was followed by an
expansion of Cainite influence in Scotland. Lupines and

The arrival of Danish Gangrel and Ventrue with the
ding forces had an unexpected side effect, prompting
alliances between hitherto-antagonistic Cainites of Celtic,
Roman-British and Saxon stock. As Angle-land emerged
asa country, so the Cainite power structure matured, and

th a danger to vampires, but the "new land"

+ DARKAGES EUROPE -


Je1anag "1amod dansn 01 ayBnos "uyof "sY20I1q IHOdsap
S,preysry pur ‘paseaiour wopSury ayp Ul asalup "stuazaljo
spuey aup UT sornp pero usogn' sty 9] pur Tuasqe UDO
sem ay se seaypipy 10} sta] qoud Jo soquinu v pasod (, oT]
ap and03,, pajfe> Jare]) preysry Jo uorsusse oy]

‘aoueay Wayuou
PUL sa]s]_YsHUG ay2 UO aIENUADUOD O12 day SEIT
Buravg] ‘Auosseg pue nowog soy Aupiqisuodsay poumnsse
spe auIsnjayy "UoTeay Jo a1eUIprogns e se Nagye nofuy jo
usand),, sesopeaso | atp paztusoga1 YEpasntypayy onus A,
ayp ‘uanoy ut Sunaayy ‘aursnjayy pur serypyy Uaamiag
payoear sea yuoWasuENE Ue IY seg UL UND pueLIH
dup pur UopEAY Jo satuoreg ayp Yog asuLEAE AeA, MOpLYs
v ayBnoy ays saye ‘CLTT Ut ATUO sea ap "spropaa0 ay
St 2A07] JO SUNOZ) AYP JO UOJLAYy 4aYMA a8pajmouyse o1
pasnyas Oya aursnjayy sopeaio | aya Aq payeuruiop ‘dsead
s,seayatyy puodag poureuias nofuy jo puepueay s,[[ ATua}y
‘Ajjestuogy ‘uoneruasaidar au1os pautes ospe noog pue

Apuewno;

‘AUUNUG JNM ,UOPBAY Jo UNED,, mau ay
jo ued auiwsaq xneapiog pue a]jaysoy eT Jo sant au]
*puop1aao se wnty padpayMouype pesaaas ‘suey s,sesyyy Jo
ued 19A0U o49m sBuIpfoy jEUaUTUOD ay Ysnoup|Yy

auduio poruapodoudun ue jo ued owesaq pueysug se asnf
‘sdoung ut wyeod oIduiea aso8ue] 9yp BurUUO} ‘UopuoT or
Anpeaj d40ms Kuoreg Ye 9]!X9 sty SULNp LOA TUDSIIP oF

suey Anunos ay jo yonut 490 asuanyut sty papuarxa

ay pur ,(Uopuo] Jo aout, se paziudooa1 sem Yepasnyayy

ayp ae Aud aya 49A0 UreUIOp BuTUNssE PC] | UF UOpUOT
pur ‘sodaoyeug pjeoy ‘aaestauniy aya jo saquiour ase]
dy pareurunyo osye syseane s, Arua} "Wopsury ay 02 1194
se wry adpaymouyse o1 uaydaig paouoy pue pueysugq o7
sdoon pa] Aruapy sare] ead y "saauaa(g atp reau auUUOALG
6} JouULYD ay) UO ApuLWON WoY aouEIy Jo YISUEy
ay Suruueds ‘90]q saM0d aaisseur e pareaid aden
Bur Soe Bak

sinoy] Jo ayia JoUUO) ‘ouTeINby

(siuase siy pue sesyai Jo 20m ap aia syu9Aa
wpog) "TFET Ur aute yap a]nasr7] jo wuauuaquiauistp ay
Joy paueyq diam ,sropneseur aurdn',, apryas ‘sarsaysut
Ww AayyjoaH uoIeg AUD Jo Ypeaq LULZ ay aves rep
‘Aypueuyy ayy sea [LA19 parsenoud v 01 pay sty "uaydarg
smaydau s4auapy Sunuayaid ‘auorp ay 01 apaooe 01 13y
ue.
pey eppneyy ‘nofuy jo aauaseauelg, Aeyoan aunod
Jaav] pur ‘Auewan jo sosaduig ‘A Aruap 02 ISIy Prey
auOIYyA oy 02 AIOY oUNRIaq EP]AeYY JIysnep sty ‘SHIA
G1 soypour 40 UBIO4 pynoay AUD} YBnoypyy "sovyp ort
orssazons ayA MOY OZTL UE dIYs auyA\ yp Jo yaaa
ay UL *Aruapy Bury Jo UOS ‘uHeEN|TA JO Yeap ay

10 pip suoreg Yst]3ug ayp Ing ‘1amod ajquiaptsu0

601 T Ur Anueys a1ep s,uor] ay
Burpunoy ‘weysng or yusou pasauunof pearsut epurpaayy
JemexpyaA s,s19WOL] dy 2 pa] AypENIUDAS pue COT]
[HUN [OTT Woy parse] ,20] axp Jo wA\,, ay "stapeaut
aiureZ) atp IsNo or AuNquorse]O Jo IMeduIOZ atp jo stae

ayp zapun par]]e ae} pur 1Sew 's}9]9 se asuodsaz aaysseure
payoaosd uonse sty f "Aunquorse]p we aps 09 (Aaqqe ayp
jo my jo eine ajqeizojwooun ayp andsap) Suip!oap Ayem
-UdAA "ISAM SIB.NO]]O} 19Y Pa] EPULPAay] ‘pearsyy "9ouasand
afoyp 01 paadafgo arestawini | aya ang ‘pueysug aseoyanos
ur suoneiado jo aseq ev aysnos AyeRTUT syOoHEA\ YL
"uep> say soy ANUEYD e SuLYsHqeasa WAN pasiwy> ‘SEO
ur purySuq ur poate epurpaayy snB_yy a29UI0d | YL,

syoddns
Supping ayy spur] ayy Surjaaen ‘saarysaup or MarpypIAr
SEA "A1y UPI a[dwar ay poysene pue Suey a19M
Say Oya paztpear Ayuappns Aayp se "yBnoy UNODIe O1U
AIHAUIN | ayp ayer 1,UPIp a} "Stadrysiom peuow pur
auured Suruowuns ‘sey Jo a[duiay ayp 02 pasounof
Seay WNTUIPUCT se aU oy ar ay UF SULA
nome pur SuLArep axp jo
Payspooyq ayp pasuias sera "wNID|AoDa A Te WADA
aYp UT "WOOP Jay 01 Peay Pjhom UNE ayp aU Burztyeax
apy ‘worar ayy Uf aoueastsaL OMUTED aBUTUNTD 01 YON
ayp Jo BurAueyy oy BurBuewe ut ajo Joy paspajmouyoe
s91¥] nasty] sseaUNo' "diysiopesy 91 02 wasp pediound
ayp aqeurUN]a 4o ozt]eiINoU Or d1gB sea ,oreTAWINHL,,
ayp ‘sioryuoo Bunsixe Suneyndiueus Aq ang ‘aurey ap
yjnast7 ssoqunoc) pur stepes Jo Aayoao uoreg ‘sadaayeug
Pleoy jo aouanyur Burmoss aya parsisas souduea
ysnug-uewoy pue ystueg ‘uoxeg ‘sjeuouL ay? Ja40
pip Apurewnony Jo axnq] ayp se asnf Arajs0s Jdurea 4990
aouBULWOp SULYst|qeasa UO 1UAq "WET A\ Paruedwoade
sairured jo aaeaLAWunt | v "WHY 01 sUMOUEqGUE "YON
dup jo BuLAWeH,, aya se UMOUA, FUIEDIq IY? sprEd 40109)
Apoo|q Jo sauuas & ul sare] aead v AsIUNOD ay Jo suoras
wequou atp panpgns sdoon sry pue ‘299] Ut Uopuoy
Jo JMO] ay aUIOIaq Pnom YM Jo sates sy ay
Ing af] "purywug s9a0 aoueurwop sty Surystqeasa noqe
Jas pue JOLANbUOD ayp,, se UMOUY dUIeIag WETT|LA

aBplug projumas soye sAup 6]
(Aagqy ajaeg arou) aapry ejuag ae pjorep] 2aJap oa pur]
"ul Buryoueut Aypemauaaa ‘Aasuaadg 2 s9I] skep perdaas:
papuey wer}! ‘28plag proswreag awe saou0j s,uosuIMpoo,
Aq paieayap sem ang OX swaU 9510) papuey epespey,
ApueuON Jo aync] "wer]!A\ pur AvAUON Jo (19]NI-prey)
epeapey] plore] yaoq Aq pasuaypey ajns sry punoy anq
puvysug jo auosyp ayp Yoo ‘xassa/Q\ JO |
Ploze}] 4ossajuor) oy preapgy Jo Yeap oy YATA gOOT
urptue> saaamoy ‘oSueyp asoqeads ay | ‘ouOMp oy SUPA
aanueD UF pagnsog awya dea YstUKC|-OxeS ¥ Aq Paaroy]o}
sem pue seas e AjUo parsey UsIo1 s,udamg "sorey swah
v auOMp Yst[suq ayp 02 yreuMUDG Jo UAdAIg Jo UOIsUADSE
yp pue Z1OT GY Ut ‘o1piag ‘ungiaquery jo ,doysig,,
Jopeaio | ayy Jo UOKNsap ays yu payeurw|Nd saueq,
ay) isurese sayssnns ures pue peuow ayy ‘pueysug
Jo} Suey asuourunt jo awn e seay AnqUad YT | AYLL

"UOsUIApoD,

"uustyepnay jo UORNpoaUT oy Ya!
woojg aeUIN]N s1Otp YdeAI P]now suOITar asay_L "AMUDD
{OT 2x Jo appru axp ut pasiaura — uopeay Jo satuoreg

ayp jo siauuniaioy aya — sdryspro} Jeuorar Jo souas e

young Cainites, mostly from Clan Brujah, tried to exploit
the situation. Many were slain by the prince and his
agents, but others became well established as "brigands."
The notable areasof Cainite unrest were Nottinghamshire
and Sussex, the former dominated by a band of cutthroats
lead by Robert Leeland. Mithras's agents would eventu
ally bring "Robin" Leeland low at Kirklees Abbey, but not
before a 10-year insurrection that tied up a number of the
prince's resources. Richard's death at Chalus in 1199, and
the accession of John "Lackland," began the decline of
the Angevin Empire

The disaster of the Fourth Crusade and the sack of
Constantinople heralded the start of the War of Princes.
Numerous revolts sprung up against Mithras's rule, nota-
bly in Normandy and Poitou, but also in England. As the
King of France launched military assaults on King John's
French holdings, Cainites struck into Avalon under cover
of the mortal conflict. Normandy and Brittany fell to the
French almost immediately, their Cainites cowed by the
assault and acknowledging Paris's regency after the fall of
impregnable" Chateau Gaillard. Anjou, under Mel
rule, proved a tougher prospect but here too the si
became untenable and the queen left Anjou after the
Already at odds, the
disdain between Mithrasand the Queen of Anj

prince refused to send assistance
became
4 mutual antipathy. Further meetings between the two
J and formal, culminating in their 1208 encoun.
ter in London where Mithras declared his intention

focus on affairs in England rather than the "sprawling
in deteriorated. In 1213, realizing his
weakness, the barons met at Bury Saint Edmunds to
discuss numerousdemands toset before the king. Melusine
exploited the discontent, manipulating the barons and
using their revolt as a cover for action against Mithras.
Cainite havens across England came under attack as
Melusine and disaffected Ventrue and Brujah challenged
authority. Signed at Runnymede in 1215, the
y, named for the clan that orchestrated it
brought the Cainite strife to but the mortal
equivalent, the Magna Carta, failed to end the mortal
civil war, even though it met the baron's demands. The
French eventually sided with the barons and invaded, but
they were repelled in 1217 after the Battle of Lincoln.
Numerous Cainites of the Court of Love accompanied
Louis of France's invasion force but were driven back by
the "unified" British Cainites.

John's posit

Rose Tre

n end

Lackland's son, Henry Ill, came to the throne in
1216. Since he was only nine years old, regents governed
in the king's stead until his majority in 1227. Meanwhile,
French perfidy cost the empire its possessions in Poitou in
1224 while forces under Hugh de Lusignan ravaged
Gascony. Having rarely set foot in Anjou or Poitou since
the tum of the century, Melusine took up residence in
Winchester, displacing Baron Roger as head of the fief
and becoming a permanent thom in Mithras's side

AG

England

Eighty years ago, England was little more than a
P » that allowed the lords of Anjou to claim the
f monarch and thus equal footing with their
rd, the King of France
continental holdings, the island-natic
heart of the Plantagenet holdings, the notion of an
English state replacing that of Angevin Empire

The Lands

Js of England are asdiverse as the people who

Since the loss of many
has become the

occupy them. The Fief of Canterbury encompasses the

alk downlands of the southeast
pally the counties of Kent and Sussex. Its inhabitants are
nake their livings

‘ef

f the country, princi
mainly farmers, though fishermen als
in the Medway and Chat
f Winchester covers a broad tract of land, from the
forests of Hampshire

nel coasts, To the west, the

actoss the windswept

say haunted — plains of Salisbury, to the low fens arc

A MATTER OF LINGUISTIC
Thr
ik
language

languages pervade English societ
the ve d'oll (Fre
and is, there
vernment in England. The

f nobilit ote i
Langue d'oc
kn

troubadours and poets at the king's court
Middle English (a p
L "Old En

er noble

andy
The lack of high noble patronage (ar
fficial teaching)

asants, predominating in dat
fore f English means that
language diverges wild

and lack

and develoy

as itdoes) int

remains as it metamorph

carly-modern English in the 15th centur
Jin church
holar
n Cambridge and
fl

me established as the language

f religion, u
as the language of

Latin is the language
ices, and al
ular

e Mithras

the

the Privy Council or any high office. Indeed, Mithra
Latin almost exclusively (although he speak
llent French and English), and he refers to the

for membershipof

f Avalon by their Roman name
als
cient Britons, but this language has largely died

Some elder Cainite ak the language of

mortals in England, save in the far
in the Welsh marche

al dialect

SEUROPE +


the Isle of Glass. The Fief of Exeter spans the rugged
counties of Comwall and Devon. Its lands are harsh and.
inhospitable but rich in mineral wealth. The Fief of
London encompasses the rich river lands of the Thames
as well as the woodlands of Surrey and Essex.

Further north, the Fief of Gloucester spans the River
Severn, dominating the lands of Hereford and Worcester,
as well as Gwent in southern Wales. These are mainly
rich farmlands, though the fief also incorporates the
Mendip Hills and the "mountains" of South Wales. En-
compassing the flat eastern counties of Cambridge, Norfolk
and Suffolk, the Fief of Norwich contains mix of
good farming land and fens. The Fief of Lin
colnalso includesfenland around the Wash
but also spans the forested counties of

shire and
Nottinghamshire, as well as the more
rugged lands of Stafford and Derby

Leicest Lincolnshire

intered on the County Palatine
of Chester, the Fief of Chester encom:
passes the hill country of the Welsh
borders and the verdant lands bordering
the Irish Sea. By stark contrast, its
‘eastern neighbor, the Fief of York.
-ompasses both the south

ern reaches of the

Pennine Hills

(though the lo-

cals call them

mountains) and

themoorsof York
shireand Durham.
The Fief
Carlisle, which
forms the bor:
der with
Scotland

asses some

of the most

rugged land in

England, including the north.

em reaches of the Pennines, the
fells and lakes of Cumbria, and the
oft-contested lands of Northumbria.

The People

Normans — the Francophone descendants of the Con:
quetor and his followers — form the upper echel
English society, though a number of dP
families have also gained considerable influence since the
enthronement of Henry Il. Power and land a

ross England
is focused in the hands of a small number of families whose
influence — as demonstrated by the end of John's reign —
can threaten that of the king. The former lords of England,
the Saxons, continue as landholders in many regions, al-

Nes + THEBRE

Fiof of

Bxator Winchostax" Cantorhux

though their influence is sorely curtailed. In th
regions, the peasants are principally of Saxon and Danish.
stock, with light skin and fair hair. People of Celtic blood
with darker features predominate in the southwest, Welsh,
borders and the northem regions.

Over 160 years of Norman rule have begun to take
the edge off Saxon-Norman relations, but cultural differ
ences continue to dog interactions between the two
The Norman's French cus

groups.
distin,
many

ms and language
shes them from the lesser ranks and prompts
nglishmen to regard the
onetheless, French has become the lan.
1¢ of choice for the nobility — Saxon
though the A
is still in u

as "foreign invaders.

glo:
song the peas

jorroleinC

far p
the mainstay of vampire society in
England, particularly among the
ancillaeandelders, and unlike their
mortal kin, these Saxons have

fared better at holding off the

Norma
Many

t the nadir of their respec

encroachment

axon Cainites re
sentthe Norman presence
bur have largely kept the
peace over the last five
decadesunder threat of
from Mithras
Roman and
Roman

Fiof of
Chester

tish

Fiof of Cainites

Gloucester ave lacgely
torpor or Final
Death over the

LOxDOX

Fiof off. Piaf of

handful re

in England,
trap-
ind influence. Only

albeit esche
pings of powe
Marcus Verus, Baron of Chester, acknowledges his ori
gins in the time of Rome. Rumors abound that several
pre-Roman Methuselahscall England home, butonly one
Mithras — is widely known.

DMilleins, Freemen and Their Betters

Three broad distinc

ons exist in the people of Brit:

ain — the peasants, the clergy and nobility — but the
HSLES$ Sai


former in particular is broken into host of subcategories
reflecting the status, freedom and wealth of the people.

The principal distinction within the peasantry is
between freemen and villeins (also called serfs). Al
though they arenot slaves, vlleins ae considered property
of their lord (which means that any property or land they
own also belongs to the lord), and they require their lord's
approval for a wide range of actions, including marriage
(hich requires the bride's father to pay a tax). Villeins
have some rights, but only freemen can appeal
to the king's justice or (in theory) move

about at will. In reality, many freemen
are bound to specific lords and subject
to petty discriminations, and the liv

ing circumstances of villeins and
freemen differ little. The majority of
both groups are farmers, either grow
ing crops or raising livestock and eking
out a subsistence living. Calling a free-
man a villein, however, is grounds

for a court case.
Townsfolk, mostly free-
men, are
minority in the
Dark Medieval,
buttheyaregen-
erally richer a
than their coun.
try. relatives.
The higher

echelons of

a distinct

urban soci
ery rival

evenexceed
the nobility
in wealth, re
siding in lavish
houses with gardens, workrooms
and shops. Most urban deniz
comfortably well off compared to the

rural kine, with craftsmen and mer

chants forming the uppercrust of society
and servants and laborers the lower. The

poorest urbanites live in considerable hardship, though,
lacking even the farmland that would allow a rural villein.
to subsist. Life expectancy, particularly among the poor,
is lower than in the countryside as a result of poor
sease in the close confines
of

sanitation and ever-present
of the town. Infant mortality is common, and th
40 is considered venerable among the lower classes.

Relatively few Cainites were villeins in life. Those
few that were principally belonged to the Nosferatu,
Ravnos and Brujah clans. Instead, the Angevin Low
Clans draw their membership from the freemen, quite

often the craftsmen and merchant classes of the towns,

id noble classes to the High C

leaving the clergy

The professional classes — bailiffs, clerks and the like —
‘occupy a gray area, coveted alternately by the Low Clans,
and their "betters." Despite their reputation as power-
seekers, Angevin Ventrue have shown a willingness to
Embrace membersofthe merchant and professional classes
in order to covertly expand their power and influence.

Politics

Only 23 years old, the King of England
has struggled to gain control of his country,
facing rebellious barons and "allies" out to

advance their own position. During
his childhood,
try. Since 12

-gent led the coun-
Henry himself has
overseen matters of state, though
the regent, Hugh de Burgh, has re-
mained one of his closest advisors
The king reigned unchecked before
thecivil war, butthe Magna Cartaplaced
limitations on what he could and could
not do, thus ensuring the rights of the
nobility and common folk. None-
theless, the king's power
remains formidable, and only
that of the Church and the
authority invested in the
County Palatinates of
Chester and Durham can
circumvent it. (John
passed control of
the country to
the pope who
serves as King
Henry's feudal
overlord.) The
barons oppose

a number of
Henry's actions,
notably the appoint:
ment of numerous

Norwich
Comberidgects
Soxtora

terbnry

Poitevins to key govern-
al posts and the king's
acceptance of papal influence. The
nobles seek to influence the king through the Great
Council, and they will eventually seek to usurp the king's
power through the Provisions of Oxford in 1258.
Mithras's rule over the Cainite population has never
been as absolute as that of the mortal monarchs. Instead,
his authority stems from being the lynchpin in a network
of interlocking alliances that run the length and breadth
of England. No other Cainite has the power or influence
to stand as lord of such a vast land, but Mithras's claim
would be untenable without the barons' support. Until
1216, the agreement between Mithras and the Cainite
bare mix of informal promises and blood oaths.
The instability that accompanied the onset of the War of


Princes and the deteriorating mortal situation in England
prompted a formalization of the agreement in the Rose
Treaty. This agreement solidified the Cainite politics of
England but came at d, would
no longer be allowed to raise or lead armies beyond a
body
and his haven. Instead, only the barons
field troops, but they are bound to defend Londor
by loyalty or self-interest, others by the blood oath or
membership of the Cultof Mithras. Rivalries between the
barons ensure that none will stab the prince in the back
forfear that theirneighbors will tum on them. But should

several barons ally against Mithras
The Toreador are Mithras's main political rivals.
Their influence in the Church disrupts his own in secular
society at times, and their control of the French courts is
an ongoing concer to the Ventrue. Although he pub-
licly decries the "coward games" of politics, Mithras has
with

price. Mithras, warrior

dunit intended to ensure the safety of the prince

¢ allowed to

come to enjoy affairs of state, especially his spa
the Toreador Walter de Vézelay, the
Prince Geoffrey of Paris. In stark contrast, Mithras' de
teststhe Tremere. He toleratesthe presence of Meerlinda's
chantry in Durham, but he has blocked her efforts to
establish a presence in London and several other south
em fiefs. The prince would dearly love to crush L
Gate, but his feudal duties to Baron John of York (in
whose barony the Palatinate of Durham lies) prevent him

sentative of

The principal threat to
young Cainites who have t

Mithras's rule comes from
J

n to chafe under his au

thority. Many feel that their prospects are non-existent.
either as a result of the elders' power or the position of
their clan. (Most of the rebellious individuals belong to
the Low Clans.) Some merely complain about their
situation, but othersare taking mére direct action, band
ing together for protection and to pose a credible threat
to the authorities. Mithras and the barons have staged
attacks on the marauders, but for every band eliminated
(such as that of Robin Leeland, who was driven into
torpor at Kirklees in 1212), two more spring up. The
Anarch Revolt doesnot erupt until the late 15th century
but its first roots are already taking hold in the Baronies
of Avalon thanks to groups such as the Prometheans.

Mithras's Council and Advisors

Mithras's power is far reaching but
cooperation of the other Cainite magnates of Britain. To

ies on the

that end, Mithras relies on a pair of councils to govern the
Court of Avalon and its satellites.

The Privy Council is the highest authority in the
land, and it comprises the Barons of Lincoln, York
Carlisle and Canterbury. Representatives of the Baron of
Bordeaux also sit on the council, but the Baron of Win:

chester, arguably the most powerful Cainite noble after
the prince, neither attends not sends a representative.
The Privy Council has no innate powers but the Blood

+ THEBRFFISHISLES - =

a wer

=" SS===>==" The
Laws (see page 18) allowaunanimousdecision among the

barons to overrule the prince's actions. Infighting and
Mithras'sinfluence via the blood oath and his warrior cult
give him almost free reign, though.

The Grand Council (not to be confused with the
mortal Great Council) incorporates all the Cainite bar:
ons of England, as well as representatives of the Welsh,
Scottish and Irish fiefdoms. The Grand Council has no
al power in the Baronies of Avalon, but it serves a

means for airing disputes, gathering information and
dissemina

The Cappadocian Roger de Camden (usually justcalled
Lord Camden") serves as Mithras's seneschal and rep
sents the prince in council when he is otherwise engaged.
Camden isa formidable administrator and canny politician,
but he is not well liked by the barons or the other members
ofthe prince'scourt. Richardde hras'sspy
He exploits a wide range of Cainite and mortal agents to
her information for his liege, but he is not a typical
Nosferatu. He appears openly at the pring
Toreador's chagrin, and hasa haughty manner more in ls
witha VentrucorLasombra. The Saxon Gangrel Aethelwulf
serves as Mithras's warlord, leading his bodyguard and en-
forcing the prince's dictates within the Barony of London. A.
hardened warriorandinitiateofthe Mithraiccult, Aethelwulf
is fiercely loyal to the prince and advises him on a range of
military matters. Despite (or perhaps because of) his lack of
social graces and forthright manner, Aethelwulf is one of
Mithras's closest associates. The Ventrue ancilla, Valerius,
the to usurp the warlord's positios
presently lacks the influence to unseat the elder Gangrel.

‘ordeisM waster.

has twice so

International Relations

King Henry came to power during a French invasion
of England, and he saw the loss of Poitouand the ravaging
of his holdings in Aquitaine before his majority. He has,
made recovering these lost lands a high priority. Diplo-
matic pressures on King Louis have come to naught, and,
1 Hubert de Burgh, King
Henry is preparing an expedition to France (which lands
in Brittany and recovers the Isle of Oleron, but is other-

against the advice of former r

Unlike his mortal counterpart, Mithrashas generally
good relations with his neighbors on the European main
land. Despite the expansionist activities of the Parisian
Great Court, the Methuselah maintains close ties with
Paris. Although Mithras and Alexander clashed over the
effects of French expansionism into Angevin lands, the
two Cainites respected each other. The new prince,
Geoffrey, is an unknown quantity, and Mithras recog-
nizes the hand of Salianna, the Matriarch of the Courts of
Love, in recent events (see Chapter Two). On top of
mortal events, the hitherto good relationship between
the two courts has grown sour, although Mith
in regular contact with the Matriarch of France.


Mithras's relationship with the Fiefs of the Black
Cross is less cordial, though he maintains close ties with
individual Ventrue in the Holy Roman Empire. The
prince's main problem lies with Hardestadt, who dislikes
Mithras's unofficial alliance with the

imisce. Even
though this "alliance" little more than s
tion about their mutual enemy — the Tre
odds with the Black Cross's plans in E

Likew

wing informa
nere — it is at

tem Europe
d despite his "England first" policy, Mithras
rdestadt's growing ties to France an infringe
s interests. Currently, neither of the rulers is

regards
prepared to compromise.
Law

English law is a chaotic gam of Anglo-Saxon
Danish, Norman and Angevin traditions. Until the b
gna Carta, there was no centralized or written form of law,
ous regional variations existed, particularly at
the manorial and hundred courts. Despite the efforts of
of Westminster (1259) and the Baron's War (1263-1267)
that the issue will be settled, with the reign of Edward |
(1272-1307) seeing major constitutional advances.

The issuance of various town charters during the

reigns of Richard and John has further complicated mat
ters,

ting individual towns specific rights or
exemptions. The following three strands of law currentl
exist in England: Common Law, deals with a wide rang
of secular matters; canon law, relates to the Church; the

lood Laws, Mithras's codified system of laws and courts,
nded to uphold the T

Common Law

Common law governs the actions of secular English
society. Itrecognizes two distinct forms or crime: those involv
ing low justice and those involving high (or king's) justice

* Low Justice: This ¢! non law deals
with day-to-day matters, including fines for tresp
brawling, theft and debauchery. The lord of the n
a hundred- or shire-court oversees such matters at the

ent of con

local level, so they are subject to a number of regiona
variations. Lords may dispense sumn justice when a
criminal is caught in the act, but a trial takes place
otherwise, with local juries assisting sworn officials

© High Justice: High justice deals with more serious
offences such as rape, mutilation, murder and tr
Such matters are always handled by the Royal Courts,
usually either the County Courts, at the King's Bench in
Westminster. In exceptional circum:
himself handles them personally

* Forest Law: Some regions of England are desig
nated Royal Forest to protect the land for the king's hunt.
Game may not be hunted within these boundaries with
out royal permission, nor may fires be lit or trees felled
Foresters enforce forest law, which falls outside the pur-
view of common law, and punish offenders with

inces, the king

amercements (fines). These fines make up a major source
of income for the crown.

Canon Law

Canon law applies to members of the Church and
governs the behavior of the clergy and their institutions,
Until the reign of Henry II, canon law took precedence
over secular law and meted out relatively light punish
ments. The Constitutions of Clarendon (the agreement
that shattered the relationship between Henry II and
Thomas Becket, Archbishop of Canterbury) attempted
toreverse this situation, though the m
Becker's murder. The Church may hand a cleric over to

re foundered after

secular authorities, but it is not compelled to do so, nor
may someone tried under canon law be prosecuted for the

same offense under common law. Nonetheless, the Con:

stitutions of Clarendon do allow the crown to protect its

interests if threatened by the Church.

The Blood Laws
The Traditions of Caine are central to the unlives of

ithras has used his position as Monarch
the Old Ways within his domain,

all Ci
of Avalon to form:

nites, but

These Blood Laws specify the Traditions, making them
nd related to the unliving conditions of

England. Mithras's followers rigidly enforce the Blood

unambiguous

Laws in the cities, particularly in London and the baro-
nial seats, with punishments ranging from fines (usually a
blood tithe") and revocation of rights to banishment or
blood hunt. Elsewhere, particularly in the countryside

law gives way to convention, and minor infractions are
overlooked. Nonetheless, visiting Cainites are advised to
seek the patronage of a local and become familiar with the

Blood Laws as speedily as possible

(For more information on legality in the Dark Medi:
eval, vampiric and otherwise, see The Ashen Thief.)

Religion

England among both mortals and its author
ity is also acknowledged
ship in 1213. Peasant traditions originating with the old
British and Saxon relig
areas, but they are being squeezed out by Christianity

grudgingly — in secular

maintain a foothold in rural

Prince Mithras despises Christianity as a religion of
weaklings, but he has a grudging respect for the crusader
alitinspires. Regardless, his long-term goalsinclude the
ejection of Christianity from his domain. Mithras's main
tool for thisis the Persian warrior cult that beats hisn
A major sect a1 g the Romans, Mithraism
on the rise in England after the reappearance of the Lord
of Ages. The faith is particularly comm.
warriors, but a number of worthy mortals have also been
inducted into its mysteries. Mithraism serves san exten:
sion of the prince's power, allowing him to control his

on among Cainite

— ss P =
: >, pe _
93, = Saal eee meee) *DARKAGES EUROPE + = = =


subjectson aspiritual as well as secular level and establish
a large network of followers a

In the case of older Cainites, Christianity is little
more than a social veneer that the of the

accept as pa
Caine story. Many continue to prac
their living days, be it of Rome, Britain or the Saxons,

when they bother atall. The old British religions' associa.

tion with the druids makes their open practiceadangerous

prospect. Cainites who follow such religions risk reprisals,
1 who may take their pagan worship
hiannan. Aware of this

in the distant parts of Britain, the

from vigilant Ganj

as a sign of ties to the hated

Lhiannan take reveal themselves save to

trusted individual

The VBaronies of Avalon

The 10 fiefs of Englan
of Avalon,
Mithras's aegis to f
vampiric nation. The Cainites
Ireland acknowledge Mithras's

disparate lords ught together under

sive, albeit imperfect
f Wales, Scotland and
ther regard themselves (or are regarded by Mithas and
the barons) as part of Avalon. Only Aquitaine — or at
least the barony sidered part of the

but they nei

f Bordeaux — is

Court and is contested by the Fren
f each fief vary considerably
ff them.

The lands and mortal

as do the Cainites who thrive All are centered

nat ives the fief its name but they

mand, forest andhills. Cainite

encompass large tracts

northern fiefs. When compared to Wales,

f Scotland, howev

Ireland or the

highlands
beings are a mini

the other supernatural

London

London is the heart of the Baronies of Avalon, home
to Mithras's court and many institutions of mortal
emment. Technically n
directly here

a fief — Mithras holds power

it encompasses the river lands of the
Thames as well as the counties of Essex, Surrey and
Herfordshite. The city of L

but the towns of Co

mn is the focus of the fief,
chester and Saint Albans play a

major role in mortal and Cainite society

jum): The walled city of London
n the north bank of

* London (Lon
rests on the site of the Roman to
the Thames. With a pop
London supports the largest
British Isles. The Tower

0,000 mortal souls

population in the

he eastern

aches to

Aldersgate, Bishopsgate, Cripplegate, Ludgate and

Many satellite towns exist city walls, both

north and south of the river. The city is a major trade

center and port, and visitors from actoss Britain and

EEE =
—

> =
pie a > =

AND DID THOSE FEET

in AD312, but numerousstoriesan
#Ch

Phagan and Deruvian, clai

ced is the tale of the missionarie

the arrival stianity in the British Isles.
1 to have been the

first missionaries sent to the British Isles in AD 16

f British

Their story pales in significance, hi

a story that is the most endurin
Arthur

Some claim that Joseph of An

after tales
athea—a minor
Biblical figure in whose tomb Jesus lay after the cruci
arrived in Brit The ston

‘ph planted his staff at Glastonbur

fixion vat Glastonbur
goes that Jc
hich grew into the thom tree that is still visible near

theabbey, and thar thisaction prompted th
tion of a rude church on the site, 600 years b
founding of Glastonbury Abbe
reliable evidence supports the story
and no Cainite admits witnessing the

(in AD 670). No
ies survive
ts — but the story has seized the popular imagins

1. Indeed, « further elaboration of the story claim
that Christ himself may

Glastonbury

edly the site of hi

mth

sociated with Arthur, all
Abbey is hol
‘unequalled by any religiou

burial
ite Glastonbur  intensit

site in the city, but the Mithraeum in Walbrook is the
center of Mithras's cult

The prince's court is in Faringdon near Ludgate at
Saint Paul's cathedral, within
between the Tower and Westmin

of mortal power. The purely funct

the centers

opulence ofits French and German equivalents, prompt

ing Toreador to decry it

emment for both the fief and the Baronies of Avalon.

f the city (notably the

es of the n

Other sites in the western hal

magnificent cathedral and the h
more to the Toreador's tastes

eastern half of the city

tals, making it
a more attractive hunting ground for the Low Clans. The
Nosferatu Richard de Worde serves as the unofficial
governor of the eastern districts, enforcing the Blood
Laws and maintaining order among the Cainite inhabit
ants. The docks that line the Thames are particularly
Nosferatu, as

attractive to the are the remains of the

Roman sewer system. The Promethean Nosferatu known

as Ragged Jenny dominates the underworld ofthe city and

operates school for mortal and Cainite footpads. Seen as

ae ES ~ a
Pap ee eg ~S am a
Re = qj + THE BRIFISHISLES + ame? mS = tte


little more than a petty criminal by de Worde

Jenny's

influence in fact rivals hisown and extends acros
The Tower of L

Europe

queror, it has expa \d make a
\ re

trempt
blish ah
naught. A dark

presence drives out would.

ir remains. Rumors circulate fortheirownends,

nce might in fact be a Lupine, but most ain are home to several Cainit

Lupines don't live in Road of see itastheir duty t
cities, afte holy sites, nites delight in mis!
* Saint Albans (Verulamium): The

ost No the

Jatant than many

of the Cainite

al role in thi

er, Winche
nt, though it
nof power in We

extensive contacts governmental ce
ds of the cult in Norwich Treasury and
as further afield,

among their English s
and Canterbury, as we

Winchester (Glastonbury)

f of Winchester claims to be the oldest in

jine having recent!
am. The

th his exact fate is

seen since 1
"Queen" Melusis

nasa center of Cainite
is to the Anglo-Saxon

dating even L

has replaced many of Bat

n Ventrue

originally centered on the west.
ith (Aquae Sulis) and the settlement

ee

Zs, DARKAGESEUROPE -_ === =

city's Cainites. First the Con cl sa number of mystical si
wry, Silbury Hill, The Wh

ffington and the Ceme Giant). D

fever, have come tc s withdrawal to Durham, the fief cont

(Venta): A major ecclesiastical and

the site of the Royal
power is waning due to
ninster near London
uation in Winchester is in flux, the

with her own Poitevin and
lowers. She has also given tacit approval tc


the activities of the Tremere within her fief, much to
Mithras's anger.

¢ Glastonbury (Ynas Witrin): The Isle of Glass isan
enigma to many Cainites, as it is a potent center of magic
and religion that also seems important to the fae. The
greedy actions of the Tremere have shattered a tacit truce
between Cainites and other beings on the Isle, and the
vampire population has been greatly reduced over the last
century. The most notable Cainites remaining in Ynas
Witrin are the pagan Nosferatu Caradoc who lairs in the
surrounding marshes, and Michel du Bois, a Toreador
monk resident in the abbey despite its aura of faith.

York

After Winchester, York is the main center of resis-
tance to Mithras's rule, although there has yet to be an
open rebellion against the prince. Spanning the county of
Yorkshire and the Palatinate of Durham, the Fief of
Yorkshire is one of the largest in Avalon. Unfortunately,
it also encompasses some of the most rugged terrain in
England, much of which is inhospitable to Cainites. The
Pennine Hills that form the western part of the fief are
home to hordes of Lupines, and the moorlands between
Whitby and Malton are only marginally less dangerous.
Nonetheless, the Baron of York wields immense power
thanks to his influence with the Archbishop of York and
the Prince-Bishop of Durham, and his reach extends into
the neighboring fiefs of Lincoln and Carlisle prompting a
number of disputes with the other barons. Baron John has
an intense dislike of Mithras and is secretly gathering
support among other Cainites for a move against the
prince. He would like to take lordship of England for
himself, but he would settle for an independent domain of
York if the opportunity arose to break away from London:

* York (Eboracum): A major center for the Romans
(as Eboracum) and Vikings (as Jorvik), York briefly
served as the capital of the Roman Empire. A port-city
and trade hub on the River Ouse, it has strong ties to the
continent, including to Rome thanks to its status as an
archbishopric and provincial seat. John, the Ventrue
Baron of York, holds court in York Castle but also has
agents in Saint Mary's Abbey. Authoritarian and unsmil-
ing, Walter de Gray, the Archbi:
the baron though Aimery de Methuin has also sought to
manipulate the archbishop and claims credit for develop-
ments to York Minster. The einherjar Eyolf Ivarsson serv
as Baron John's warlord, and he can usually be found
leading nocturnal raids against Lincoln or Chester.

© Durham: An alliance between the Bishop of
Durham and the Earl of Northumbria created the
Palatinate of Durham, a largely independent county.
Both spiritual and secular power lies with the prince-
bishop who resides in the castle high above a loop in the
River Wear. The castle is also home to Eloise Marchand,
Baron John's main representative in the Palatinate. The
Cathedral of Saint Cuthbert lies at the heart of the walled

op, is an ideal pawn for

es

town and is Durham's principal Elysium. It is here that
Lady Eloise occasionally meets with Meerlinda of the
Tremere whose Lion's Gate Chantry stands near the
Milburngate bridge. More detail on Lion's Gate can be
found in House of Tremere.

Canterbury

Canterbury is the heart of the Church in England,
and by extension it is one of the principal centers of the
Cainite Heresy in Britain. The Toreador "Archbishop"
Adrian is responsible for the Heresy's churches in the
Province of Canterbury though "Deacon" Aelfred of
Norwich has challenged Adrian's authority in this matter
on behalf of his overlord, Ranulph Longsword of Bor-
deaux, who is responsible for England and its holdings
Adrian resents this arrangement and has repeat-
edly sought to persuade the Crimson Curia to name him
the overseer of the Heresy in England. He has risked
Mithras's wrath by seeking to steer the king to support the
Albigensian Crusade against the Cathars of Provence,
which he believes will undermine Ranulph's position and
clear his own path to primacy in the British Isles.

overseas.

© Canterbury: Founded by St Augustine, the mon-
astery at Canterbury has long been the heart of the
Christian faith in England. The cathedral was the site of
Thomas Becket's martyrdom, and the Ambient Faith of
the Cathedral is now such that most of the Toreador
Heretics present in the city prefer to reside in Saint
Augustine's Abbey outside the city walls rather than the
Cathedral or Christ Church Priory. Only Archbishop
Adrian (who in fact witnessed Becket's murder) resides
permanently in the town, his haven and the baronial
church sitting adjacent to the Cathedral.

* Dover: The castle and town of Dover guards the
principal crossing point from France into England and is
the haven for a number of Cainites. Led by "Sheriff"
James Mannerly and answering directly to Mithras, these
Cainites operate independently of the baron, something
Archbishop Adrian resents. Adding insult to injury,
Mannerly is a priest in the Cult of Mithras and has taken

a hard line against members of the Cainite Heresy cross-
ing from the continent. The baron has twice called on
Mithras to respect his rights vis-a-vis the fief and is now
plotting more direct action against the sheriff.

Carlisle

The most northerly of the English fiefs, Carlisle is
responsible for a broad swath of land between the Irish
Sea and North Sea along the Scottish border. Though he
cares little for the mortal armies that move back and forth
across his fief, the Brujah Baron Nathaniel has resisted
efforts by John of York and Robert of Lothian to expand
their holdings at his expense. He believes Mithras could
do more tocurb the adventurism of his neighbors and feels
that the prince is weak and ineffectual. The large number
of Mithraic cults in the fief hold Nathaniel's thoughts of


rebellion in check, but if he could circumvent their
influence, he might seek to break free of the Court of
Avalon and join the Scots in a new northern British
association. In recent years, his court has become home to
many younger and more rebellious Cainites, increasing
his power base but also causing internal problems with
their fractiousness. De Worde has used this disorder to
place his own agents in Nathaniel's inner circle

* Lindisfarne: Simply called Holy Island by many,
Lindisfarne was once the seat of the See of Durham, but
it lost much of its influence and wealth after the Viking
raids of the eighth and ninth centuries. A small monastic
community remains on the Island, including a Salubri by
the name of Matthew who was once a great warrior in
Outremer, but fled after some horrific revelation. He now
haunts Lindisfarne, but to what purpose no one knows.
The Tremere of Durham have heard rumors of Matthew's
presence, but expeditions to Lindisfarne have met with
little success so far.

Chester

The Palatinate County of Chester stands outside the
king's authority and forms the core of the Fief of Chester,
the bulwark of Mithras's defenses against the feral Cainites
of Wales. Baron Marcus Verus was a legionnaire with the
Valeria Victrix Embraced by Mithras in the second cen-
tury. Marcus is a senior member of the Cult of Mithras,
and he has inducted a number of Cainites and mortals
into the faith. These warriors serve as his deputies and
representatives along the border with Powysand Gwynedd,
as well as his eyes, ears and sword-arm in the numerous
forts from Rhuddlan to Ludlow. The baron is gruff and
authoritarian, but he is a superlative warrior and battle-
field commander, his thousand years of experience giving
him unprecedented insights into the art of war. Marcus is
generally unimpressed with the quality of the Welsh
troops, and he relies on Eyolf Ivarsson's raids from the Fief
of York to, in his own words, "keep me amused." The
baron is less blasé about rumors of a coven of Setite Black
Magdelane heretics in his fief — he despises the Setites
but has yet to track them down (see page 45 of Cainite
Heresy for more details of the Black Magdelanes).

© Chester (Deva): Founded in Roman times, the
small town of Chester is seat of the Palatinate and a major
trading center, though its role as a port has dwindled in
recent years. Only three Cainites reside in the town
permanently — Baron Marcus and his aides — but there
is a large transitory population of those seeking the
Roman baron's patronage and knowledge.

¢ Shrewsbury: A major center for trade with Powys,
situated in a loop in the Severn River, walls were built
around Shrewsbury in 1220 to defend against Welsh
marauders. The Brujah Richard ap Llewelyn serves as
Baron Marcus's seneschal for Shrewsbury, though rumors
abound that his loyalties lie more with Daffyd of Meifod
than with his baron.

Ereter

The southwest counties of England, Devon and
Cornwall, are rugged and sparsely populated. The people
are distinct from the other English, retaining much of
their British heritage including a language related to that
of Wales, Ireland and Brittany. The land is rich in
resources, notably tin which is a major source of revenue
for the crown. The Cainite population of Exeter is largely
restricted to the coastal regions, particularly around Exeter,
as the inland moorlands are home to both Lupines and
fae. Gangrel are the most numerous clan in the fief, many
enjoying the wild countryside despite the danger posed by
Lupines. Conflict with the werewolves is actually less
frequent here than it is in other parts of the isles, and
while the local Cainites don't understand this, they don't
question it, either. In the heart of the moors, notably near
the rugged tors, a vampire would find no such mercy, and
such "trespassers" usually don't survive to regret entering.

© Exeter (Isca): Exeter has been an important port
since Roman times, with vessels journeying to Brittany and
Aquitaine. Baron Hugh has built up asolid workingelation-
ship with both Baron Gerard of Bordeaux and Warren of
Dinan, though hisseneschal, the Malkavian Peterde Kennet,
often oversees routine matters in the city.

Tintagel: The legendary birthplace of King Arthur
is now the site of a new castle built by the current king's
younger brother, Richard, who forced Henry to make him
Earl of Cornwall in 1227. Several Cainites visit the castle,
notably Rhun de Tintagel and the Gangrel bard Rhiannon,
while the passage known as Merlin's Cave provides shel-
ter for a pair of itinerant Nosferatu who travel up and
down the coast of Devon and Cornwall.

© Lyonesse: Beyond the westernmost point of
Cornwall lies a cluster of islands that several Cainites
claim was the legendary kingdom of Lyonesse. Rumors of
unearthly treasures draw Cainite adventurers to the isles,
and while the islands boast numerous chambers in which
to lair, the vampires find little vitae to support them and
even less to protect them from the fae.

Gloucester

Like many of the mortal baronies of the region, the Fief
of Gloucester spans the Severn River and incorporates the
lands of southern Wales as far as Pembroke. The mortal
tulers of these lands are largely Norman colonists, though
Prince Llywelyn of Gwynedd has recently gained consider-
able influence in the lands around the Gower. The most
powerful mortals in the fief are members of the de Clare
family, who hold poweras lords of Glamorgan, Hereford and
Gloucester and who also have substantial holdings in Ire-
land. The de Clares are related by marriage to the Marshal
family whose lord, William the Younger, is Earl of Pembroke,
Lord of Leinster and Marshal of England.

Baroness Seren leads the fief, the only Malkavian to
hold such a high post in the Baronies of Avalon. Seren is


believing them jealous of her power and succes:
driven to fits of manic activity broken with periods of
deep melancholy. Nonetheless, she is a charismatic and
inspirational leader and formidable administrator. The
Cainites of the fief and even those further afield acknowl-
edge hercapabilities.as a governor, the lands of Glamorgan
being the only civilized fief in Wales. To check her more
erratic behavior, Mithras has bound the baroness with the
blood oath and set several agents to watch over her court.
He changes those agents every year or so just to make sure
they aren't succumbing to the madness that often sur-
rounds the Malkavians, and serving a turn in Gloucester
is often looked on as what happens to Cainites who annoy
Prince Mithras.

© Bristol: Bristol is a major port, and trade with
Ireland and Aquitaine is a major source of wealth. The
baroness often resides in the well-defended city where she
can more easily "greet" traveling Cainites. Baron Gerard
has complained to Mithras about Seren's obstruction of
his representatives, but the Malkavian has avoided seri-
ous rebukes from the prince thus far.

© Gloucester: The fief's official capital controls a
major crossing point of the Severn and is an important
trade center. Although the barone:
in residence, her seneschal, John FitzStephen, oversees
nightly operations.

* Saint Davids: At the western tip of Pembrokeshire,
aint Davids is the preeminent Christian site in Wales. It
is home to Nennius, the only member of the Cainite
Heresy in the region. The Toreador has sought to expand
his influence but has been blocked by the Ventrue who
have no desire for additional challenges in an already

sspendsseveral months

troublesome region.

© Oxford: Oxford is a major center for trade, but it is
best known as a place of learning, the site of a university
(founded in 1168) that grew out of the bishop's courts in
the town. The Cappadocian Alfonse di Padua serves as
Cainite lord of the town, but the scholar Nicholas of C
Brujah contests this right.

Lincoln

The Fief of Lincoln dominates the eastern Midlands
but is hard pressed by its neighbors. Baron Stephen wields
considerable political influence but his military power is
stretched by the needs of his fief, making it difficult for
him to counter the actions of his neighbors. He also faces
a major problem with rebellious neonates, the actions of
Brujah outlaws near Newark encouraging a number of
young Cainites to emulate them. Some parts of
Lincolnshire and Nottinghamshire are in anarchy and
John of York has used this to expand his influence into
northern Nottinghamshire. Stephen is planning a coun-
termove, marshalling forces at Newark, but fears Mithras
will intervene before he can reverse the situation.

io eS es
+ THEBRIFISHASLI

* Lincoln (Lindom Colonia): Founded by retiring
Roman soldiers, Lincoln sits at the top of an escarpment
overlooking the River Witham. It is an important trade
center with a major castle guarding both the town and the
cathedral (the second largest in the country and home to
one of the original copies of the Magna Carta). Known as
the Bail, this fortified enclosure also houses Baron
Stephen's court while Lucius, the Lasombra legate of the
Crimson Curia, resides in the Bishop's Palace. Lucius's
presence is ostensibly to oversee work on the cathedral
after the earthquake of 1185 but is also seeking to mediate
between the Cainite Deacon of Norwich and the other
prelates of the Cainite Heresy, particularly regarding the
Isle of Ely. Lucius used his influence to speed work on the
cathedral but this has disastrous results in 1237 when the
central tower collapses.

© Nottinghamshire: Nottinghamshire typifies the
troubles of the Fief of Lincoln, different sections of the
divided town continuously at odds with each other.
Norman Cainites — mainly Ventrue and Toreador —
reside in the castle on its rocky promontory on the west
side of the River Lean. Those of Saxon or Danish descent,
amix of Ventrue, Gangrel and Brujah, reside in the Saxon
burgh on the eastern side of the stream, only grudgingly
working with their supposed overlords and frequently
lending covert support to the rebels. The town has a
population of Nosferatu who lair in the sandstone caves
that pervade the rocks under both Norman and Saxon
areas, feeding on and protecting the mortals who live in
the caves. The Nosferatu claim the fens of Broad Marsh
between the town and the River Trent as their hunting
grounds, and they exact tolls from any Cainite who seeks
to cross the river

Norwich

The flat lands of East Anglia — Norfolk, Suffolk,
Cambridge and Huntingdon — are unremarkable, offer-
ingrich farmland and fishing. The fiefis currently without
a leader since Baron Michael was slain in 1227. His
murderer, a Brujah named Hewald, was tracked down and
slain, but it is widely suspected that he was merely a cat's-
paw for another as-yet-unidentified Cainite. Rumors
abound of everything from neonate anarchists to a Setite
takeover ora Baali war party. Asa consequence, paranoia
pervades the fief, with Cainites suspecting each other of
involvement in the slaying. Mithras has yet to name a
successor to the fief but currently the most powerful
Cainite in the region is Deacon Aelfred of Norwich. It
seems unlikely that the deacon will succeed to the posi-
tion of baron, however, as he has used his position in the
Church and the Cainite Heresy to foil Mithras's plans in
the past.

© Norwich: The royal castle of Norwich is the seat of
Roger le Bigod, the young Duke of Norfolk and brother-in-
law of King Alexander Il of Scotland. The priory attached to


the cathedral is one of the largest centers of the Cainite
Heresy in England, rivaled only by Canterbury.

© Bishop's Lynn: The port of Bishop's Lynn serves
much of Eastern England and is a major mercantile
center. The Ventrue Jasper de Mobrey declared the town
his domain in 1203, but Baron Michael never confirmed
the claim. De Mobrey has extensive contacts with the
Ventrue of the Low Countries and northern Germany.

¢ Ely: The Isle of Ely, situated in the Fens, lies on the
border of the Fiefs of Lincoln and Norwich and is the
subject of a dispute between the two baronies. Tradition-
ally, the cathedral and priory have fallen under the
authority of Norwich, but Baron Stephen has challenged
this, and with the death of Baron Michael has petitioned
the prince for an adjustment of fief boundaries.

© Cambridge: Once known only as a port and trade
center, Cambridge has become England's second univer-
sity town after a number of masters arrived from Oxford
in 1209. This school has attracted a number of Cainites,
though there is not yet any hierarchy in the town.

Wales

Wales is a harsh and divided land whose inhabitants
are as often at odds with each other as with outsiders.
Power rests in a collection of minor kingdoms whose
authority has waxed and waned over the years. Save in
the south, the population is largely of British descent,
their Celtic ancestors of British and Irish ancestry, though
the lands of Pembroke and Gwynedd have some Scandi-
navian heritage. The Welsh relationship with England,
both in Saxon times and the present Norman tule, has
been antagonistic. Like the mortal population, the vam-
pires of Wales are descended from the original inhabitants
of Britain, and they include some of the oldest and most
powerful Cainites of the Isles.

TheTmportance of Family

The kin-group is central to life in Wales, and families
and extended relationships are inextricably linked to
political power and land holdings. Lineage determines
who can and cannot inherit property, and land is often
divided among all the sons rather than being passed to a
single heir. This system frequently leads to infighting to
remove rival claimants, lest the landholdings rapidly
diminish in size. Even so, the kingdoms are fragmented,
containing large numbers of often-antagonistic groups.

Marriage is important to the family groups, binding
different kin together in alliances, and the extended
family cares for its widowed and orphaned members. The
family group is responsible for policing the actions of its
members, standing in judgment over any of its members
accused of a crime and/or defending them against outside
claims. Arguments over justice frequently lead to blood
feuds between opposing families. Norman law is steadily

gaining hold in the south, and manorial lords are seeking
a greater role in the justice of their lands.

This emphasis on family has allowed Lupines to
prosper in Wales, as werewolves build long-term (if in-
comprehensible) relationships with particular families. A
Cainite seeking to Embrace someone from a Welsh family
had best watch his choice for a suitable length of time to
make sure that his prospective childe is not already
claimed.

The Kingdoms

The rich, low-lying lands of the south have come
under the domination of Norman barons who operate
largely independently of King Henry. The rest of Wales
forms the following three principalities: Deheubarth in
the south whose lands formerly included the English
holdings; Powys in the hills of mid-Wales; and Gwynedd
in the mountains and lowlands of the north. Prince
Llywelyn Fawr ap lorworth of Gwynedd is the nominal
overlord of Wales, and the kings of Powysand Deheubarth
pay him homage. In turn, however, he acknowledges the
English king as his master, although he is currently testing
young Henty's limits. The Marcher lords of Chester and
Gloucester are the only Cainite authorities in Wales.
This is due in part to the scattered population of kine,
which makes gatherings of Cainites impractical, but
many of the inhabitants are simply too independent,
using their immense powers to defend their territories
against interlopers.

Deheubarth

The kingdom of Deheubarth (the "southern lands"
in Welsh) is hard pressed by the Norman interlopers, and
its future looks bleak. King Owain ap Gruffydd rules the
land from his fortress at Dinefr, but this land is now under
threat from the Norman barony of Pembroke. The Cainites
of Deheubarth are subject to the Fief of Gloucester,
though some in the northern reaches of the kingdom
refuse to acknowledge Baroness Seren's authority. The
most notable such malcontent is the Brujah Rhys of
Tregaron who has left the last two Gloucester emissaries
staked on the edge of his domain.

Gwynedd

The most northerly kingdom of Wales, Gwynedd is
also the most powerful. The influence of its ruler, Prince
Llywelyn Fawr, extends into Powys and Deheubarth, and
he serves as nominal overlord of all Wales. Llywelyn has
strong ties to both the marcher lords and the English
crown (his wife is King Henry's half-sister) and has
checked further encroachment into his lands. Llywelyn's
palace at Aberffawr on Anglesey is home to Rhodry ap
Geraint ap Mithras, the Ventrue prince's representative
in North Wales. Officially, Rhodry is the Cainite over-
lord of Snowdonia, Lleyn and the lands bordering the Fief

of Chester, but his power extends little beyond Anglesey.
Indeed, his efforts to extend his influence toward Powys
in the late 12th century almost led to his doom when he
encountered the Gangrel Methuselah, Bodhmall. Ac-
cording to his tale, the Methuselah only allowed him to
escape "for fondness of that old fool Mithras" with whom
she traveled in the days of the Roman Empire.

Although it is less dangerous to Cainites than Powys,
Gwynedd is not a safe land for unwary vampires, since
most of the inhabitants away from Anglesey care little for
the Traditions. Any vampire traveling in the uplands
must be prepared to fight or bargain well or else become
a meal for the elders' thirst.

Powys

The hills of mid-Wales form the kingdom of Powys.
Until recently, it included two sub-kingdoms, but only
the northern section, Powys Fadog, remained indepen-
dent under Madog ap Gruffydd. The southern regions
have been seized by the Marcher lords, notably the de
Braose family, or they now fall under the lordship of
Llywelyn Fawr. The capital of Madog's dwindling realm is
Mathrafal, about 20 miles west of Shrewsbury, but the
center of Cainite power is the Monastery of Meifod
several miles away. Daffyd ap Bindusarra of Clan Ventrue
is the current Cainite deacon, and he claims to have
known Meifod's founder, Saint Gwyddfarch. Daffyd and
Richard ap Llewelyn of Shrewsbury remain in regular
contact, and they maintain order in the region between
them. The hills of Powys, however, are home to savage
beasts that do not take kindly to interlopers. The notable
exception to Gangrel and Lupine dominance of the land
is the mountain of Cadair Idris, which is home to the
Malkavian Idris. Renowned as a seer, Idris uses his powers
to discourage intruders. Mortals who spenda night on the
mountain often do so at a cost to their sanity.

Scotland

The modern land of Scotland is a fusion of five
distinct cultures. The oldest is that of the Picts, the
original inhabitants of the land who fought the Legions of
Rome to a standstill. The Picts had considerable support
from Lupines, but an Irish tribe, the Scots, eventually
subjugated them after an apparent civil war among the
werewolves. Even before the fall of the Picts, Anglo-
Saxon colonists were arriving in the lowlands of Scotland;
the Kingdom of Northumbria once incorporated the
lands now known as Lothian. Norse raiders likewise came
to Scotland, and they remain a major power in the isles of
the north and west, though their influence on the main-
land is restricted to Caithness. Lastly, many Norman
lords have journeyed north to take control of lands in the
Lowlands, while several Scottish magnates (including
King Alexander) hold lands in England.

Kenneth MacAlpin, who led the Scots to victory
against the Picts, is acknowledged as the first King of
Scotland, but the modern kingdom didn't begin to take
form until the reign of Malcolm II in the early 11th
century. Unfortunately, William I of England forced
Malcolm III to acknowledge him as his overlord in 1072,
abond that remained in some form ever since. The Scots
haven't always been loyal — Alexander II's father, Wil-
liam the Lion, sided with Henry II's sons in their rebellion
— but the current king has substantial landholdings in
England and was a signatory of the Magna Carta. Indeed,
Alexander is married to King Henry's sister, though the
union has yet to produce children.

Until the fall of the Picts, Scotland was inhospitable
to Cainites, since the werewolves posed much the same
risks as are found in Ireland. In recent years, however, the
number of Lupines appears to have declined and the
growth of the Church and Norman civilization has driven
the fae into the Highlands. A number of Cainites now call
Scotland home, though the majority dwell in the low-
lands of Lothian.

TheRegions

The lands of Scotland comprise three distinct na-
tions, the Kingdom of Scotland, the Norse Kingdom of
Man and the Isles, and the Earldom of Orkney. Scotland
itself falls into two broad bands — the "civilized" Low-
lands, dominated by Anglo-Norman landholders, and
the clan lands of the Highlands.

Lothian and the Borders

Norman and Normanized lords rule the hills of
Lothian and the Lowlands of central Scotland, resulting
in a land that is little different from northern England.
Indeed, the boundary with England is ill defined, though
key fortifications such as Berwick and Norham delineate
the approximate boundary. Carlisle has occasionally been
part of Scotland, and the Cainite Fief of Carlisle incorpo-
rates parts of the Cheviot Hills. The Toreador Robert of
Edinburgh stands as Baron of Lothian and is a subject of
Mithras, but due to the lack of Cainites in the fief, there
is little organization.

¢ Edinburgh: The Scottish capital sits on the south
coast of the Firth of Forth, its fearsome castle perched
atop a rocky crag while the town stretches between the
castle and the Abbey of Holyrood. Several Toreador call
the city home, but their numbers are placing a strain on
the population of the city. A recent victory over the
Ventrue of York separated the Scottish Church from the
Province of York, and Baron Robert is using this occasion
to encourage his clan-mates to disperse among the other
towns and settlements of the region.

The Highlands

Although they are technically part of Scotland, the
clan holdings of the rugged Highlands are largely indepen-
dent of Edinburgh. The extended family is the main social
organization, essentially tribal in nature. Norman feudalism
has yet to take hold, but strong bonds of loyalty join the
members of each clan. Music and stories are central to the
Highland life, and the post of seanachaidh or storyteller/
historian is highly regarded. The Highlanders speak Gaelic,
and although they are Christian (and despite the Synod of
Whitby) their church follows the Celtic model

The forests and hills are home to many unearthly

beings, none of whom take kindly to trespassers. Only the

Gangrel have had any success among the mountains and
lochs, though a number of Toreador and the occasional
Cappadocian have attempted to lurk among the clans and
study their oral traditions

© The Castle in the Lake: Loch Treig, on the western
flank of Ben Nevis, is the site of the Castle in the Lake, the
home castle of the Order of the Bitter Ashes. The Order spans

Europe and has a host of lesser bases, but this submerged

fortress is the heart of the order and — according to Cainite
legend —the resting place of the Holy Grail. For more details

on the castle and the Order see The Ashen Knight

TheIsles

The Norse Earldom of Orkney and Shetland is known
as the Nordreys by its inhabitants, and it also incorporates
holdings on the mainland in Caithness. Jan Haraldson has

ruled the Earldom since 1214, and he pays homage to the
KingofNonway. Few Cainites call the bleak Nordreys home,
and those who do are einherjar, visiting in the long dark
winters. The Isles are home to fae and magi who exploit the
magic of sites like the Ring of Brodgar.

The western isles of the Hebrides and Man form the
Kingdom of Man and the Isles, though holdings in Ireland
were lost to the Irish and Normans. Politics in the Kingdom
are ever shifting, and King Olaf II is faced with a constant
battle to retain power. Like the Nordreys, the terrain of Man
and the Isles is hostile to Cainite existence, butagroup ofthe
Faithful manages to eke out an existence on the holy island
of lona

Sreland

The divided lands of Ireland are the last stronghold of
Celtic culture. Never invaded by the Romans, the ancient
customs and traditions have remained strong and the island
has become a bastion for supernatural entities. Cainites are
a elatively new presence in Ireland, and they are generally
unwelcome.

Ireland converted to Christianity in AD 432, later than
the Roman Empire, but it remained Christian while many of
the Roman lands fell back into paganism. Irish monks
preserved much of the old knowledge, and it was missionar-
ies from Ireland who first brought the word of Christ back to
the Britain. Like the Scottish Highlands, the people of
Ireland are tribal in nature with extended families banding

Ue,

together as a Tuath (clan). The four traditional Irish king-
doms— Ulster, Leinster, Connachtand Munster —formed
from associations of Tuath, but the modem situation is more
fragmented. Now, minor territories such as Desmond,
Thomond and Ossory exist in place of the traditional
kingdoms. The kingdoms and Tuath have traditionally
fought amongst themselves, but the post of Ard-ri— High
King — existed to settle disputes.

A number of Britons fled to Ireland after the fall of
Rome, but the first serious assault on the kingdom came from
Viking bands. These raiders were lured by the wealth of Irish
monasteries, and they eventually became lords of several
coastal cities including Dublin and Cork. These raiders are
often credited with introducing the first Cainites to Ireland,
though some fae supposedly claim that a group of "well
behaved" vampires has dwelled there since before Rome
came to Britain. Ard-ri Brian Boru, who united several of the
kingdoms against the invaders, eventually broke the Norse
power, but his Pyrrhic victory merely postponed Ireland's
troubles. In 1166, the King of Leinster fled into exile but
returned a year later with troops of the King of England and
led by Richard de Clare, sometimes called "Strongbow," Earl
of Pembroke. With the Norman invaders came Cainites,
and further Cainite colonists accompanied later expedi-
tions, particularly Toreador drawn by tales of Irish artistry
and storytelling.

The Two Lands

Ireland isnota pl at land for Cainites, who are often
forced to fight for their very survival against the full might of
the faeand rampaging Lupines, the battles often taking place
under the cover of the frequent battles between the Irish and
Normans. Furthermore, the Cainites fight among them-
selves, the older Irish and Danish Cainites resenting the
arrival of their Norman kin. The Cainites have attempted to
divide Ireland into its four traditional kingdoms, but their
small numbers have made doing so impractical. Like their
mortal associates, therefore, they usually refer simply to The
Pale (the Anglo-Norman lands) and Beyond the Pale (the
Irish lands). This boundary is artificial in both the mortal
and the Cainite world, and Norman and Cainite influence
extends little beyond the Norman-held towns and the
castles of the invaders.

The Pale

The lands under King Henry's lordship, the Pale, domi-
nate the south and east of the country, stretching from
Dublin to Cork. In some areas, principally those previously
dominated by the Vikings, the Norman barons are regarded
asnothing more than anotherset of overlords, while they are
challenged at every step by the natives in others. Walter de
Lacey and William Marshall dominate Norman affairs in the
eastern and central regions, but Irish magnates predominate
elsewhere in the county, albeit often sworn to Henry.

Cainites have an even more difficult time, since Lu-
pines challenge their presence even within the Pale. Only in

the cities — Dublin, Waterford and Cork — do vampires
have a modicum of protection, as their foes dislike the urban
landscape. The Pale boasts no Cainite baron. The indepen-
dent Venttue lordships are beholden directly to Prince
Mithras, which has given the lords freedom to actas they see
fit but has also hampered broader Cainite cooperation
within the Pale as each city lord looks to his own interests
first.

© Dublin: Dublin is the heart of the Pale and the capital
of the Norman colony. It is also home to the principal
Cainite presence in Ireland, the Toreador playing a major
tole in the construction of Saint Patrick's Cathedral. The
Ventrue Edward de Warene stands as lord of the city, but the
Toreador "bishop" William Rufus has recently challenged
his authority. Only William's ties to Adrian of Canterbury
havesparedhim the lord's wrath. The Brujah James O'Conlae
is also active in the city on behalf of the Prometheans,
though he frequently travels to England and the continent.

* Cork: Cork is a city under siege. The surrounding
lands are subject to Irish raids by day and to the depredations
of Lupines by night. The Cainite Lord Hector has struggled
to defend the vampiric presence in the city and several
younger Cainites look set to oust the old warrior.

Beyond the Pale

English colonists are not welcome beyond the Pale, and
the situation is even worse for the Children of Caine. Some
Toreador exploit the legend of the leanhaun sidhe — the
muse of poets—to hide their presence among mortals. Some
of the fae look on this deceit with amusement and leave the
Cainitesalone, but thissluron their kind offends others. Only
theLhiannan have any degree of safety beyond the Pale, since
their links to the old Celtic traditions earn them a modicum
of respect. Magda, the Witch of Connacht (and one of the few
Lhiannan to openly admit her lineage), is the dominant
vampire in the northwest. Several Gangrel have sought to
slay her, butshe has survived thus far thanks to a combination
of her arcane powers and superb knowledge of the terrain.

The Duchy of Aquitaine

The lands of southwestern France are dichotomous,
both for the mortal Angevin rulers and the Cainites of the
Court of Avalon. Officially, the lands of Aquitaine are
holdings of Henry Ill as Duke of Aquitaine via his grand-
mother, Eleanor, but his overlord, Louis of France, has
sought to eliminate the young king's influence in the area.
Central to Louis's strategy is Hugh of Lusignan, King Henry's
stepfather, who holds Angouleme in lieu of his wife, Isabella.
In 1224, Louis persuaded Hugh toside with the French forces
in their unexpected attack on Poitou. This assault netted
Louis control of Poitou, in particular Poitiers and the port
city of Limoges. Yet even though Hugh led Louis's troops
through Gascony, he failed to gain control of Bordeaux and
Bayonne, providing Henry a base from which to regain
control of his holdings. Bound to England by trade (notably


wine), the port-cities of Aquitaine have largely remained
loyal tothe Angevins, while the rural regions do not see the
worth ofa foreign masterand would prefera French overlord.
The port city of La Rochelle, whose rulers offended the local
population, is a notable exception. The city sided with the
French, and its loss was a major blow to Henry's plans to
regain his lost holdings. Despite two assaults, the matter
remains unresolved until the Treaty of Paris in 1259.

Even though he is not particularly interested in
Aquitaine, Prince Mithras recognizes the
hand of Salianna in the recent turn of
events, exploiting the mortal situ-
ation to denude the position of
his own agents and strengthen

her own. Mortal and Cainite

authorities in Poitou are now

more closely aligned, as King
E

Poitiers answers solely to

enne's Court of Love in

France and the Courts of
Love rather than having

to acknowledge th
baric" Baroniesof Avalon.
Mithras has directed the
Baron of Bordeaux, Gerard
le Vieux, to strengthen his
information-gathering ac-

tivities among mortals

and Cainites.
Mithras is not
concemed about
the balance of
power in the fief,
buthecomprehends
the economic effect
that losing Bordeaux
would have on ports such $
as Bristol and Exeter. .

The Fiefs of

Aquitaine
The lands that Eleanor of Aquitaine brought into the

Angevin Empire comprise three distinct regions. The north-

ernmost element is the County of Poitou, dominated by the
city of Poitiers, the ducal seat and the port city of La

Rochelle. Further south is the Duchy of Aquitaine itself,
comprised principally of Angouléme, Auvergne, Marche,
Perigord and Saintonge. The southernmost element is the
Duchy of Gascony, incorporating the counties of Bordeaux,
Dax and Armagnac. Poitou has been removed from Henry's
control, and with it large elements of Aquitaine.

Although it has never been particularly clear, the
Cainite situation has been exacerbated by the French
action. Bordeaux remains firmly under Mithras's jurisdic-
tion, as does Bayonne and towns on the Garonne and

Dordogne rivers. Further afield, however,
Avalon's grip diminishes, with the lands
falling under the influence of the courts of
Poitiers or Carcassonne.

Duchy of Gasony (County of
Bordeauy)

Gascony is the heart of Henry's French hold-
ings, centered on the port'city of Bordeaux and
economically tied to England. Since the events

of 1224, many Gascon Cainites have sworn
fealty to Baron Gerard and the Court of
Avalon, declaring that they are loyal vassals
rather than faithless oath-breakers like
the Poitevins.

¢ Bordeaux: Founded by Romans
over 1500 years ago, Bordeaux is best

known for its wines, but it is also a
major trade center. Mithras's rep-
resentative, Baron Gerardle Viex,
holds court in a well-appointed

manoroverlookingtheGaronne.

His principal rival is Ranulf
Longsword, the Crimson Curia's
overseer for Aquitaine and the

British Isles, whose influence

in Aquitaine ismore far-reach-
ing (if less comprehensive)
than the The

Cathédral St-Andre is a focal

point for the Cainite Heres

and it serves as Ranulph's
ven when he is in the city.

baron's.

Aquitaine

The Duchy of Aquitaine is the main point of conflict
between France and England, as well as between Avalon
and the Grand Court. Hugh de Lusignan holds the coun-
ties of Angouléme and Manche, while Auvergne and
Perigord are likewise aligned with Louis. Members of the
Baronies of Avalon remain active in the region, however,
and both Angouléme and Perigord are the sites of fre-
quent clashes between members of the two courts.

© Cahors: A major center for wine production,
Cahors sits astride the River Lot. The Cathedral of Saint
Etienne in the town is the principal haven for Toreador
Bishop Ranulph Longsword. From here, the bishop's
influence extends across southern France with notable
-Yreix-la-Perche.

centers in Agen, Bordeaux and S$
Ranulph has strong ties to Toulouse, but he has avoided
the county since the start of the Albigensian Crusade.


Notable Cainites

Mithras, Prince of London

4th-generation Ventrue, childe of Veddartha, walker
on the Road of Kings

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1258 BC

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Assoldier in life, Mithras received the Embrace in 1258
BC andestablished himself as the living "war god" of various
peoples. As the Lord of Light, he was seen as the bringer of
civilization and morality, who spent his days guiding the sun
through the heavens and thus only appeared at night. By the
century before Christ, his cult was well established in Rome,
although he himself was beset by rivals immersed in the
convoluted politics of the empire.

The expansion of the empire drew Mithras to Britain,
where his cult flourished among the soldiers of the frontier
province, and he quickly became one of the principal
Cainite lords of the land. He then decided to enter torpor as
the lands under his sway fell into barbarism. He slept fitfully
but did not reawaken fully until the after the Norman
Conquest, waking to find that the despised "shepherd's cult"
(as he called Christianity) had grown beyond his wildest
fears and subsumed many of the aspects of his religion.

Attempts to rebuild his cult and influence initially met
stiff resistance from other Cainites, but through subterfuge
and manipulation, he was able to clear his path to power. He
was eventually accepted as the lord of the Baronies of
Avalon as mortal society stabilized under Henry II. His age,
power and charisma allowed him to dominate an unprec-
edented area, roughly analogous to the Angevin Empire but
strongest in England, which he manipulates with the subtlety
and cynicism of a master.

Melusined' Anjou, "Queen" of
Winchester

7th-generation Toreador, childe of Charles of Poitiers,
walker on the Road of Kings

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: aker

Embrace: AD 865

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Angevin legend tells ofa beautiful woman who married
the Duke of Anjou and bore his children but who could not
abide to enter the church at Lusignan, and fled screaming
when forced todoso. By some tales, this Melusine wasa fairy,
in others a dragon or demon. The Cainite who goes by the
name Melusine claims that shes the progenitor of the myth,
but that she was a ghoul of Clan Toreador at that time and
was later Embraced into the clan. The veracity of this claim
has never been proven but any who challenge Melusine's
claim have found themselves victims of her far-reaching
influence and sharp temper.

Entering the political limelight in the late 10thcentury, she
established herself as the preeminent power in Anjou and
expanded her influence into Aquitaine and surrounding coun-
ties with the marriage of Eleanorof Aquitaine to Henry of Anjou.
She resisted outside influence for many years and only accepted
Mithras's regency in 1175. The implosion of the Angevin
Empire under John's rulealsosundered the Cainite holdingsand
Melusine found her lands overwhelmed by those loyal to the
Grand Court, prompting her retreat first to Poitiers and then to
England. She has come to despise Mithrasfor what she sees as his
abandonment of Avalon's French holdings. She has established
Winchester as her base of operations and become the focus of

opposition to the prince.

a =
ate ime, \O SE EES = oma = = >

x ‘sae = Se ee ty
= 7% THE BRITISH Is aoe =



HAPTER CWO:
RRANCE

I pray thee, win the love of the people of thy kingdom.
Fortruly, would ratherthata Scotshould come out of
Scotland and rule the people of the kingdom well and
justly, thanthatthou shouldstgovern themill-advisedly.
—Advice of Louis IX to his son Philip (later Philip III)

In AD 1230, France is at an apex of its power. The monarchy
is safely in the hands of Blanche of Castile, regent for the 16-
year-old Louis IX. Under Louis's grandfather, Philippe I] Auguste,
the French monarchy has transformed from a powerful land-
holder among several powerful landholders to the pre-eminent
power in the region. The English have been all but evicted from
the continent. King Henry III's intrigues and campaigns have
failed to spark unrest. Of the nine great baronies, only Brittany,
Burgundy, Champagne, Flanders and Toulouse are not part of
the royal domain.

The major landholders of France are not entirely pleased
with the idea of a strong monarch. The former English lands in
Normandy and Poitou are restless and not yet reconciled to their
French nobles and administrators. Brittany, Champagne and
Toulouse in particular have twice already tried to rise against


MORT
Blanche of Castile — Queen-Re-
gent of France, widow of Louis VIII.
Bengal

ets regaining his

King of England, cov
mily's ancestral lands
in France but cautious about invasion.
Hugh le Brun — ,Count of La
Marche, husband of Isabella of
Angouléme (King John I of England's
widow). Fickle supporter of the French
crown and sometimes rebel.
Louis I 16
France under his mother's regency.
Philippe Hurepel'— 24-y
uricle to Louis IX.. Generally loyal to
the king, but afoe to Count Thibault lV
of Champagne.

r-old King of

ear-ald

Pierre of Dreux, called Mauclere —
Count of Brittany. Attempts to play
Louis IX and Henry III against each
other for personal power, and fails.
Leader of rebellions against Louis and
Blanche.

Raymond VII — Count of Toulouse.
Recently restored ‘to royal favor and
good graces with Church after heretical
rebellion in his county and neighboring
lands. Sometimes joins in rebellions
against Louis and Blanche.

Raymond-Roger IV de Trencavel —
Viscount of Carcassonne. Excommuni-
cated rebel leading his forces against,
the Church's crusaders and friars. Nota
Cathar heretic himself, but sympathetic
to the Cathars.

Thibault IV
Count of Champagne and noted trou-
badour. Strong supporter of Blanche

le Chansonnier

although weakly involved in some re-
bellions. suggests
involved in an affair with Blanche
poisoned her husband, King Louis VIII.

Rumor he was

and

CAINITES

Esclarmonde the Black — (7th-generation To-
reador) Queen of the Court of Love in Toulouse,
based in the Pyrenees. Cathar supporter. Currently
besieged by crusaders and suspected of rebellion by
Matriarch Salianna.

Etienne — (5th-generation Toreador) King of
the Court of Love in Poitou, based in Poitiers. A
diplomatic courtier with as many ties to English
Cainites as to French.

Eudes ide ‘Troyes — (Bth-seneration Brujah)
Guardian of the Champagne Fairs and Promethean
who travels with the annual fairs.

Geoffrey — (5th-generation Ventrue). Prince
of Paris and head of the Toreador-Ventrue Grand
Courtsince 1222, when he deposed hissire Alexander.
Currently tryingto prove his leadership and maintain
control, while authority slips from the Grand Court

ourts of Love.
ne La Juste — (6th-generation Toreador)
Queen of the Court of Love in Champagne, based in
Asupporter of troubadours, poe

Isouda de Blaise — (7th-generation Toreador)
Queen of the Court of Love in Blois, based in
Chartres. Justly proud of the recently completed
Cathedral of Chartres, which she has sponsored from
its earliest days.

and writers.

Salianna — (5th-generation Toreador) Matri-
arch of the Courts of Love, based in Paris. Ally to
Mithras of London (Ventrue ) and Hardestadt of the
Fiefs of the Black Cross (Ventrue). Supporter of
Geoffrey,currentrulerofthe Toreador-VentrueGrand
Court in Paris.

Countess Saviarre—(Ventrue) Mysterious sup-
porter of Alexander at the Grand Court, currently
fleeing from Salianna and Geoffrey. Allied with
Queen Esclarmonde. Possesses many valuable secrets
of the Grand Court and likely to support any of
Alexander's efforts to regain Paris.

"Saint" Regis — (8th-generation Toreador)
Prince of Marseilles. A pious and pragmatic ruler in
the midst of a struggle between his own followers,
the Furores in the city, a group of Ravnos Sybarites,
and complex mortal politics.

Véroniqued'Orléans—(9th-generation Brujah)
Supporter of Geoffrey against Alexander who has her
own reasons for trying to maintain the Grand Court
asa counterbalance to the Courts of Love. Believed
to support Louis IX, and perhaps attempting to drive
the Venture out of the royal court.

a

+ DARKAGES-EUROPE - er,

—


Blanche and Louis. The second rebellion is collaps-
ing in early 1230. The young king's hold on his
throne is stable, but the boy-king himself will not
take the throne for another four years. Nobles are
busy conspiring and gossiping about whom Louis will
take for a queen.

The most disruptive event of the past three
decades, the Albigensian Crusade against heresy in
the south of France, seems all but settled. Just last
year, Raymond VII, Count of Toulouse, reconciled
himself to the Church leaders at Notre-Dame in
Paris. Raymond VII also signed a treaty, the Peace of
Paris, with the French crown. He agreed to cede
many of his lands to Louis IX and pledged the
marriage of his daughter, Joan, to Alphonse, one of
Louis's brothers. Raymond-Roger IV, heir to the
Viscount of Carcassonne, has been dispos:
his lands, but he continues to foment rebellion in
hopes of recapturing his ancestral domain. Cathar
heretics still hide in isolated mountain strongholds.
The crusade is now a battle between papal friar-
inquisitors and groups of Cathars, not crusading
armies of northern French nobles fighting against
southern French castles and towns.

Within each county, cities and towns are rest-
less. Trade is making townsmen rich who are often
discontented with nobles and bishops alike. The
citizens of Flanders are jealously protecting their
communal rights against local nobles. The great
Champagne Fairs are at their height of power and
influence. Merchants will use this interlude of rela-
tive peace under Louis IX to become wealthy and
demand more liberties from their nobles.

Bishops, seeing the grand cathedrals being built by
theirneighbors, jealously seek to improve their churches
and draw pilgrims to their lands. Many towns are
physically divided — one part ruled by the bishop, the
other by the local noble. Bishops must also cope with
the growing influx into their lands of friars, who are
subject to their own superiors, rather than a bishop's
commands. The friars' messages of poverty and their
success at attracting donations are becoming a thor in
the side of wealthy bishops and abbots.

The world is poised for change, one that does not
bode well for France's Cainites.

Storytelling in France

What happens in France will echo across much of
Europe. France is the home of three of the major cloistered
monastic orders — the Cluniacs, the Cistercians and the

Carthursians. Parisholds the mother-house of the Templar

sed of

order.St-Gilles, in Toulouse, holdsone of the first Hospitaler
commanderies. The First Crusade was preached here, and
many crusaders come from France. It is the birthplace of
Gothic cathedral construction and courtly love. Interna-
tional trade is currently focused on the international
Champagne Fairs in western France.

Who influences France and its key mortal pow-
ers isa very important question for politically minded
Cainites across Europe. Those less interested in
politics may nevertheless wish to keep a weather eye
on who holds power in Paris and how far that power
extends, The recent massacre of many Toulousian
Cainites by crusading armies is a stern warning to
any vampire who considers himself safe in an iso-
lated haven.

Vampires from other areas may find themselves
traveling to or through France on pilgrimage, for
business or to follow King Louis IX's call a few years
hence to go on crusade.

France, more so than England, varies widely
between regions. Capturing those regional differ-
ences distinguishes a French chronicle from one set
in a generic "European" setting. This chapter dis-
cusses first the overarching themes in France, then
s each of the major regions in turn with notes
on both mortal and Cainite affairs.

Yet, no vampire, not even Matriarch Salianna, has
a true picture of what is going on all over France.
Distances are long. Travel is slow and dangerous. The
more outrageous and salacious the rumor, the faster it

travels. "Boring" fact travels a bit more slowly.

His Most Christian
Majesty

Louis IX, destined to be canonized asa saint in
1297, is one of the most powerful monarchs in
Europe in the meantime. Louis and his regent-
mother Blanche of Castile are particularly devout,
much to the consternation of the region's Cainit
Louis himself is already becoming renowned for
his piety and humility. He takes communion six
times a year, although ordinary Catholics are re-
quired to take communion only once a year. He
attends both a Low Mass for the dead and a High
Mass each day, and occasionally chants with the
choir. He strictly observes feast days and fas
Legend among the Faithful even claims that the
boy-king secretly wears a hair shirt next to his skin
and sleeps on a plain mat of cotton.

ts.

~ alin ae
. a iy On eS a, NO A
Pats a 4 FRANCE + , eau erar has
\ oe ee ~ ae L


His mother, a granddaughter of Eleanor of
Aquitaine, is also well known for her piety, and she
sets a strong example for Louis and his siblings. A
king possessed of such devotion is a dangerous thing
for Cainites. Therefore, a few Cainites conspire
against Blanche and Louis or seek indirect influence
through Louis's patronage of churches.

Louis's father, Louis VIII, died of dysentery and
fever on his return from a campaign against the
Cathars in Toulouse. Rumors circulate that his vas-
sal, Thibault IV, count of Champagne, poisoned
him. Thibault is suspected of sympathies for the
counts of Toulouse and of Carcassonne. He argued
against Louis VIII's siege of Avignon and took his
knights home promptly at the end of his 40 days of
feudal service. Other rumors circulate that Thibault
is, or was, having an affair with Blanche of Castile.

Barely a month after his father's death, Louis IX
was crowned in Reims in 1226 at the age of 12. His
father specifically named Blanche as regent and
swore the knights and prelates with him on cam-
paign to support his son. This decision does not sit
entirely well with Louis IX's uncle, Philippe Hurepel.
Thus far, Philippe Hurepel has loyally supported
Blanche and been rewarded with lands and money.

When the news of Louis VIII's death reached
Blanche of Castile, she dispatched summons to
those who should attend the coronation at Reims.
Louis IX was knighted at Soissons on the way to his
coronation. A few prominent nobles did not attend
the coronation, including Hugh le Brun, Count of
La Marche, and Pierre of Dreux, Count of Brittany.
Blanche forbade Thibault IV, Count of Champagne,
to attend because of the rumors surrounding him.

Pierre of Dreux, Thibault IV, Hugh le Brun and
Raymond VII of Toulouse formed the heart of an
early rebellion against Louis. The first uprising failed
in March of 1227, when Thibault IV betrayed the
conspiracy to Blanche. Hugh le Brun and Pierre of
Dreux paid homage to Louis IX, thus acknowledging
him as their rightful monarch.

Another group of barons tried to abduct Louis at
Corbeil as he returned from Orleans to Paris in 1228.
Blanche summoned the royal knights and the people
of Paris to escort Louis to Paris.

That same year, certain barons persuaded
Philippe Hurepel to move against Count Thibault.
(In effect, an indirect move against Blanche by
attempting to dispose of herally.) Enguerrand, Baron
of Coucy, secretly commissioned popular ballads
that resurrected the rumors about Thibault IV's
murder of Louis VIII. Other ballads claimed that

1, TT
—,
f

aa,

ye

+ DARKAGES-EUROPE + , st

Blanche had stolen money from the royal treasury for
her family in Spain. Still others claimed that Blanche
was delaying Louis IX's marriage to keep hold of him,
for when Louis married and was declared an adult,
the regency would end.

The barons attacked Thibault IV in Champagne
in 1229-30. Meanwhile Pierre of Dreux went to
England to pay homage to Henry III. (Doing so, of
course, violated his previous homage to Louis IX.)
Blanche demanded the barons cease their attacks on
Champagne and turn eastward against Brittany. They
obeyed, but brought only a token number of knights
to answer Blanche's call. Thibault IV, however,
responded with 300 of his knights. Pierre was expect-
ing help from Henry III, who landed a small army at
Saint Malo, but Henry III never moved to support
Pierre. Hugh le Brun, the third conspirator in the last
uprising, stayed loyal to Blanche this time and was
rewarded with lands on the border of his county.

This war wasa stalemate. The barons were unen-
thusiastic about a campaign in Brittany and gave
lukewarm support. The royal army seized a few bor-
der castles and cities, but it disbanded without
removing Pierre. In 1231, the royal army enters
Brittany and forces a three-year truce. Blanche then
brings the royal army to Champagne to force the
barons to cease their war against Thibault IV. The
situation, while troubling, poses little actual threat
to royal authority, as the nobles continue to support
and obey the king. For example, when Louis IX calls
an assembly of nobles to pass an ordinance forbid-
ding Jews to lend money at interest (usury being a
sin), almost all the barons and counts respond to his
summons, and all adhere to his ordinance.

Suture Fates

Louis IX marries Margaret of Provence in 1234
and becomes king in his own right. Blanche contin-
ues as one of his principal advisors. In 1239, Louis
acquires the remnants of the Crown of Thorns and
commissions a chapel for them. Sainte Chapelle,
consecrated in 1248, will be one of the finest Gothic
churches in France.

In 1244, Louis IX falls ill and swears a vow to goon
crusade. In order to settle royal affairs and make his
kingdom safe for a prolonged absence, he holds a series
of inquests. He appoints Dominicans, Franciscans,
monks from the secular clergy and knights as enquéteurs
to investigate all of his royal officers and report on
misdeeds, popular complaints, improper managing of
royal rights and moneys and so on. Royal officials who
misused their offices are dismissed and more trustwor-

cotton LP a,

thy officers appointed. (These detailed ongoing inves-
tigations are likely to be dangerously intrusive into
Cainite noble's affairs. The Grand Court and Courts of
Love may well try to hijack the investigations as a way
of finding out more about their rivals under the cloak of
mundane royal authority.)

In 1248, Louis and his wife, Margaret, depart for
a disastrous crusade in Egypt, returning in 1254.
(Blanche dies in 1252.) Despite the crusade's failure,
Louis returns to the height of his popularity and
power. He makes even stronger efforts to organize
royal affairs and ensure that his officers are trustwor-
thy and well behaved. He tries to stamp out
blasphemy, gambling, prostitution and usury. Jews in
the royal domains fall under increasing restrictions.
Louis [X reforms France's money and begins issuing
standardized royal coins. He tries to mediate private
wars among his vassals, abolish trial by combat and
restore Roman law. The effort succeeds, as long as
Louis pays careful attention to his vassals, when his
attention is elsewhere, blasphemy, gambling, pri-
vate wars and other vices return swiftly to their
normal levels.

His brother, Charles of Anjou, is crowned King
of Sicily in 1265. In 1270, Louis IX goes on crusade
again and dies in Egypt later that year. His son
Philippe III succeeds him. Louis IX is canonized as a
saint in 1297.

TheMyal Court

Louis's monarchy is based in Paris at the
Conciergerie on the Seine. He retained his father's
great officers including the chancellor, chamber-
lain, constable and butler, many of whom had served
his grandfather, Philippe II Auguste.

The king himself controls the lands immediately
around Paris, the duchy of Normandy, and much of
the land in the regions of Anjou and Blois along the
Loire river. Royal agents, called ballis (seneschals),
administer these lands, collect taxes and fees and act
as the king's eyes in his territory. This network of
agents and administrators gives Louis IX one of the
best royal bureaucracies of the time, allowing him a
steady supply of income for his projects and crusades.

The other lands described here are duchies and coun-
ties whose rulers are sworn to obey Louis IX as vassals.

Louis and Blanche travel frequently around the
royal lands and visit with their powerful vassals. The
royal court is large, and food shipments are slow.
Moving the court allows the king to draw from his
best-stocked lands. Frequent travel also allows the

young king to meet his vassals in their homes and to
personally inspect their lands.

The Grand Court and the
Courts of Love

France is primarily Toreador domain, but they
share it grudgingly with the Ventrue. The Grand
Court of Paris is, in theory, the center of this alli-
ance. Ventrue princes have their own courts, which
send representatives to the Grand Court. Toreador
Princes have their own Courts of Love, which send
emissaries to the four greater Courts of Love. Only
the most promising of those courts go to the Court of
Love in Paris.

The Grand Court

The Grand Court was formed in the aftermath of
the fall of Rome. Currently headed by the Ventrue
Geoffrey, it is an alliance of the noble and ecclesias-
tical factions of Clan Ventrue with Clan Toreador
(other High Clans are not unwelcome, but they
aren't very common). The Court has waxed and
waned in influence over the past four centuries. At
its height, it was the focal point of Cainite politics in
Western Europe. Ventrue and Toreador nobles at-
tended the Court clad in their finest robes, surrounded
by their most promising retainers.

Now, the Grand Court is in decline. Just eight
years ago, Geoffrey deposed his sire Alexander, who
had ruled in Paris since the earliest de
French crown. The Grand Court guided the French
kings to victory over England's Henry II, Richard I
and John I, and thus to the greatest expansion of
royal power since Charlemagne. Now, Geoffrey's
hand is untried. He made many bargains for support
against Alexander, and is having trouble meeting all
of his conflicting obligations. He faces a regent and
king he has promised to protect in return for
Véronique d'Orléans support, despite the risk of
their strong devotion to their faith and uncanny eye
for followers touched by Cainite influence. (For a
more detailed history of the Grand Court see Libellus
Sanguinis I: Masters of State.)

Alexander fled France and is believed to be
plotting his return from somewhere in the Holy
Roman Empire. Of Alexander's strongest ally, the
Countess Saviarre, little is known. Many of
Alexander's Ventrue allies had been absent at the
Albigensian Crusade when Alexander fell and are
still busy consolidating their Toulousian conquests

ys of the


or mourning their own dead. Most are more inter-
ested in revenge against Esclarmonde and her allies.
Conspiracies with Alexander can wait.

Alexander's fall was part of a longstanding
struggle between French Cainites of a traditional
Catholic faith, and those supporting the Cainite
Heresy. Alexander allowed Anatole, anashen priest,
to debate the Cainite Heretic Bishop Antoine de St.
Lys in aseries of theological discourses over the plac
of Caine and Cainites. Cainite Paris followed the
debates with rapt attention. When Anatole dis-
graced Bishop Antoine, the Heresy supporters rioted,
attacking Cainite and mortal alike. Alexander's
efforts to regain control left him weak and overex-
tended. Geoffrey and Salianna staged their coup,
ruthlessly executing the leaders of the riots. Alexander
escaped an ambush and fled. Countess Saviarre
vanished. Salianna and her allies are attempting to
hunt her down because she knows far too much
about the secrets of the Grand Court for their com-
fort. Many suspect that she will be acting as
Alexander's eyes and hand, preparing the way for his
return to power. Rumors credit her with every set-
back and threat to the Grand Court, Matriarch
Salianna or the French crown. Wherever she is, she
moves circumspectly.

ae
—=—s
eet,

The Courts of Love

The Toreador have turned their attentions from
the Grand Court to their own Courts of Love. The
Courts of Love are based on the mortal courts that
Eleanor of Aquitaine founded. Both the Toreador
and Ventrue favored Eleanor, former Queen of France
and later Queen of England. Both clans, and other
factions as well, considered Embracing her, but none
was willing to let a rival have the honor or the
services of so skilled and ambitious a politician. The
High Clans tacitly agreed to let her die peacefully
(which she did in 1204).

Salianna, the Matriarch of the Courts of Love,
has a strong hold on power in France, and she
supports Geoffrey's position in the Grand Court.
Her court lies in Paris, and most of its members are
also members of the Grand Court. The four greater
Courts of Love are centered in Chartres (Blois),
Troyes (Champagne), Poitiers (Poitou) and
Carcassonne (Toulouse). Some Toreador princes
have set up Courts of Love in their own cities in
imitation of the greater courts.

Salianna's major vassals are Isouda de Blaise
(Queen of Blois) based in Chartres; Héléne La Juste
(Queen of Champagne), based in Troyes; and Etienne


(King of Poitou), based in Poitiers. Esclarmonde the
Black, Queen of Toulouse, was one of Salianna's
vassals. She was repudiated, however, after King
Etienne presented evidence at the Grand Court of
Esclarmonde's treasonous alliance with Lasombra
Cainites to expand her lands into Aragon. Salianna
is openly considering candidates to replace her court
once Esclarmonde's inconvenient resistance in
Toulouse is ended.

Like the Grand Court, the Courts of Love are
meeting grounds for Toreador, Ventrue, Lasombraand,
less frequently, other clans. Salianna herself is allied
with the Ventrue Mithras of London and the Ventrue
Hardestadt of the Court of the Black Cross. This
alliance does not bode well for Alexander's chances of
returning, given Salianna's support for Geoffrey.

Cainites and the Albigensian Crusade

In the south, the Cainites have suffered greatly
from the Albigensian Crusade. Simon de Montfort,
leader of the crusaders, burned and destroyed any
stronghold he could not control. A number of
Cainites met Final Death in those fires. Even the
grave is no refuge, for friar-inquisitors exhume and
burn the bodies of known heretics to keep them from
tainting holy ground. The crusaders also discovered
mages in the Pyrenees, but they lumped all of
their supernatural foes together as aspects of the
Cathar heresy. In addition to mortal attacks, some
Cainites used the crusade as cover to hunt down
rivals and blame deaths on the friar-inquisitors.

Esclarmonde the Black's request for help from
her Matriarch, the Grand Court and the other queens
met with no success. King Etienne presented damn-
ing evidence of a treasonous alliance with Lucita of
Aragon to the court, which demanded Esclarmonde
return to answer the charge. Salianna advised her to
stay and send an ambassador to avoid assassination.
Her ambassador was unable to satisfactorily refute
the evidence, forcing Alexander and Salianna to
withdraw their support for her. Ventrue Cainites
enthusiastically joined the ongoing Albigensian
Crusade for land, for their faith and to oust a treason-
ous ally of the Magisters

Esclarmonde could have held her own against
her Cainite rivals if they didn't have the cover of
mortal armies and friar-inquisitors. Esclarmonde
knew Etienne had framed her. She did not realize,
however, that Salianna had betrayed her until
Alexander's fall. She now believes that she was
intentionally and skillfully used to focus Ventrue
wrath and solidify Geoffrey's position.

Esclarmonde supports Raymond-Roger IV, the
excommunicated Viscount of Carcassonne, partly
out of personal Cathar beliefs and partly because she
needs his mortal armies to help her keep back the
mortal crusaders and to strike at Cainite crusaders
during the day. Rumors persist that she has spent vast
sums of hoarded personal funds to hire Low Clan
assassins to kill Cainites among the crusaders. Other
rumors insist that she has helped the Lupines, also
hard-pressed by the crusades, with strikes on Cainite
crusaders. Regardless of any truth to her rumored
alliance with Lucita of Aragon before the crusade,
Esclarmonde was grateful for the brief Aragonese
intervention on Toulouse's behalf.

Esclarmonde has warned her allies that there is
more to this crusade than a mortal war over land and
theology, since some of the friar-inquisitors seem far
too knowledgeable about Cainite weaknesses and
about long-hidden strongholds. At present,
Esclarmonde is trying to maintain the tenuous mor-
tal peace while she recovers and gathers allies for a
counter-strike. Some suspect that she is also making
certain to keep a line of retreat open if things
completely collapse.

The War of Princes

The major vampiric powers of France, Salianna
and Geoffrey, form a curious parallel to Blanche and
Louis. Salianna acts as patron to the young Geoffrey,
who is struggling to e
Alexander's heir. Geoffrey made mz
solidify his coup, which he is hard-pressed to keep.
He must also defend himself against Alexander's
inevitable attempts to regain his power. When
Esclarmonde's rebellion ends, he will have to deal
with Alexander's French allies and supporters.

Salianna is allied with Mithras, the Ventrue lord
of London and Hardestadt of the Court of the Black
Cross. The alliance with Mithras is stormy, however.
Some English Ventrue who lost their lands along
with their mortal counterparts when Philippe II
Auguste conquered English lands in Normandy and
Poitou lobby Mithras for support. Several of these
expatriates intrigue in Brittany, Flanders and
Normandy, pressing their mortal allies and pawns to
cause trouble for the French crown and provide
cover for their own efforts against Geoffrey and
Salianna.

blish his legitimacy ae
y bargains to

Shievaridl: Gadihiey-ace gratefal for Bsdlarmande
the Black's ongoingrebellion. Saliannaand Geoffrey
owe several favors in return for support in the coup.
Somevof chase favorsinvalve destroyingstraneholds

nen Se =

—s


‘\

—.

THEART OF COURTLY LOVE

(eds love was a mortal inspiration
adopted with great passion by the Torez
dor. Eleanor of Aquitaine, then Queen Mother of
England, created the first Court of Love in Poitiers
in 1168. Her court, attended by her daughter
Marie, Countess of Champagne; Marie of Brienne,
Countess of Flanders; and many other noble-
women and troubadours, wasa place where suitors
would seek advice on matters of the heart from
the queen. Marie de Champagne created another
Court of Love in Troyes in 1181

The basic ideal of courtly love is thata knight
holds his lady (particularly an unattainable one)
as the pinnacle of virtue and beauty and does
great deeds in her name, all in return for a smile,
ntle glance. The lady is
expected to support her "suitor," but she is not
required to be physically intimate. To what ex-
tent this model remains ideal and to what extent
it sanctions adultery is a matter for each pair of

a word of praise or é

lovers. Cainites are drawn to the idea because it
is a chance to escape damnation, to love and be
loved without tasting blood. While Scions who
uphold notions of chivalry often support these
courts, the Road of Humanity easily holds the
greatest love and support for them.

The Toreador Courts of Love
Eleanor's court, but they have grown with swiftness
unheard of in Cainite society. Unlike their mortal
counterparts, they have become a source of both

were based on

emotional and significant practical power. While
the courts rarely issue direct commands to local
princes, a queen has great persuasive authority. The

of the Cainite Heresy. The ongoing war provides
cover for strikes against the Heresy. Other favors
involve support for ashen priests and for the mortal
Geoffrey also sought Tremere aid

, and he repaid the Usurpers
with support for their raids a;

monarchy
weakening Alexande
ainstmoreal magicians!
chantries in the Pyrenees.

he ongoing rebellion provides a good distraction
for Alexander's Ventrue allies. Salianna has circulated
rumors that
convenience with the Assamite survivors of the Span.

clarmonde is negotiating an alliance of

ish Reconquista in the Pyrenees to defeat the crusaders
and their Ventrue and Tremere allies. Geoffrey has
circulated rumors that Esclarmonde hired assassins to
kill Louis IX. (Historically, a Muslim assassin appeared
at Louis's court in 1236 to warn him of an impending

Cainite and mortal courtiers who crowd her court
looking forfavor are quite willing to destroy arival by
innuendo, duel or outright assassination.

Like their mortal counterparts, each court has
a queen, often chosen by popular acclaim. The
queens set the rules by which games of courtly
love are played, encourage those who play well,
punish those who err and occasionally deign to.
teach the new and inexperienced.

Among the queens, Isouda de Blaise
(Chartres) finds stained glass and architecture
fascinating. Cainites with skills in sculpture, paint-
ingand metallurgy will have an easier time finding
favor in her courts. Héléne (Chi ampagne) is an
adventurer at heart. The queen's crown forces a
inite who
shows aptitude for adventure, derring-do and wit
will please her. Crétien de Troyes, author of many
Arthurian tales, was among her favorite mortal
storytellers, and Salianna herself had to talk Héléne
out of Embracing him. Etienne (Poitou), the only
"king" of the Courts of Love is a patron of poetry
and the written arts. He had been a patron to
Eleanor of Aquitaine and her father Count Wil-
liam IX. Cainites who are literate and skilled with

certain respectability upon her, buta

song, thyme or words will do well in his court. (A
few Cainites insist on referring to Etienne as
"Queen," believing it to be no more proper to refer
to the male head of a Court of Love as "King" than
to call the female master of a city "Princess."
Etienne respects the few who are brave enough to
say this to his face, and he has debated the topic
in his court.)

attack by the "Old Man of the Mountain." History
records that nothing came of the attack.)

Many Cainites in France are not allied with the
Grand Court or the Courts of Love. The Prometheans
find comfortablehomesin the chartered cities of Flanders
and among the bustle of the Champagne Fairs. A
number of refugees from Constantinople and the Cru-
sader States arrived in Paris in 1215. The city, while
large, is not large enough to absorb the influx without
strain. Salianna and Geoffrey are busily trying to settle
the newcomers in areas with recent vampiric depopu-

tion, like Toulouse and the former English lands.
Much like their mortal counterparts, the immigrants
are finding it difficult to resettle in new lands with
strange languages, customs and climates.


Heresy

"In a measure he curbed the habitual headstrong
madness of the French, who yearned to shed blood. For
he had heard that they identified heretics by pallor alone,
as if it were a certain fact that those who have a pale
complexion are heretic."

—Letter from Wazo of Liége to Roger II of
Chilons-sur-Marne, circa 1040

Pallor is a traditional sign of heresy, which is a
dangerous association for Cainites. Pope Gregory IX
publishes a bull in 1233 in which among the prac-
tices of heretics is the appearance of an "ice-cold,
pale man." Gregory IX also wrote that when an
initiate kissed the cold, pallid man, "every remnant
of faith in the Catholic Church that lingers in the
man's heart departs him." Obviously, the Church
has learned something of Cainites, even if it does not
refer to them by name.

Inquisitor-friars in Toulouse are provoking riots by
exhuming and burning the bodies of deceased Cathars.
Perhaps it is merely a coincidence, or perhaps the friars
have been told the weaknesses of their foes.

Being deemed a heretic in 1230 isn't difficult.
Many a semi-literate village priest has a loose grasp
on the details of orthodox theology and innocently
passes on mistakes to his parish. These mistakes can
later damn the parishioners as heretics. A fair num-
ber of bishops themselves are more concerned with
politics, hunting and the construction of a remark-
able cathedral than with the details of their faith.
Pope Innocent III removed the two archbishops and
six bishops in the Toulouse region in a single act for
their failure to stop the spread of Catharism in
southern France, calling them "blind creatures, dumb
dogs, who no longer bark."

Papal directives attacking heresy focus a great
deal of attention on those who avoid church ser-
vices, who do not eat in public, who are pale or who
behave strangely. A heretic's property is forfeit to
the Church, and a share is often given to the in-
former who reveals or testifies against the heretic. It
willsoon become profitable, and politically useful, to
denounce one's neighbors as heretics. Shielding
one's neighbors is dangerous. It becomesa sin to hide
heretics or fail to report suspected heresy. Bishops
are required to convene annual synods where priests
can be examined for heresy.

All of these measures combine slowly to root
Cainites out of large segments of the Church. Heretic
hunts, mass burnings and the destruction of corpses
destroy a number of Cainites and their followers who

are not careful to hide their natures. The War of Princes
must be conducted with great care, lest it bring down
too much attention on the principals.

Albigensian Crusade

The Albigensian Crusade is several different
wars at once. It is the first crusade declared by the
Papacy in Europe against Christian heretics. Knights
and soldiers from Northern Europe and England can
gain all the spiritual benefits of being a crusader
without the lengthy travel to Outremer. Ashen
knights and priests also join to root out both Cathars
and Cainite Heretics.

The crusade is also a civil war of territory. North-
ern French and English knights hope to seize fiefs
and towns for their own, and to plunder the rich
south for their own gain. The Toulousian nobility is
badly fragmented and uncertain where toally. Cainite
childer see an opportunity to claim lands and towns
for themselves by ousting the rebellious followers of
Esclarmonde.

Eventually, friar-inquisitors succeed the mortal
soldiers. They investigate citizens for unorthodox
religious views, seize heretics' property and burn
heretics who refuse to recant. Ashen priests travel
among them to ferret out surviving Cainite Heretics.
Chronicles set in France, Spain or England may
involve this crusade. It is certainly a topic of interest
and speculation around Europe.

The County of Toulouse and the neighboring
Viscountcy of Carcassonne are the heart of the
Cathar heresy. The Cathars, called Albigensians in
France because many live in and around the town of
Albi, are dualists. They believe that the material
world is evil and that redemption means the libera-
tion of the soul from flesh. They condemn marriage
and sex. They are vegetarians, and they do not eat
meat, milk, eggs or other products of flesh or inter-
course. They reject the Church's teachings about
the sacraments. Indeed, they believe that they are
the true Christians and that the clergy serves a
Satanic church. The poverty and simple lives of the
Cathar preachers is in stark contrast to the wealth
and worldliness of many bishops and priests.

Pope Innocent II] issued bulls (papal pronounce-
ments) against heretics, then replaced bishops and
archbishops who had not been able to demonstrate
effective progress against the Cathars. Next, he sent
Cistercian monks, papal legates and noted preachers
to preach by example, debate Cathars and exchange


written reports. Among Innocent's agents were
Dominic de Guzman, founder of the Dominican
order; Arnaud Amaury, former abbot of Citeaux;
and Pierre de Castelnau, a Cistercian and former
archdeacon of Maguelonne.

Most Cainities ignored the initial influx of monks
and preachers. A few suspected some Lasombra
conspiracy at the root of the Papacy's sudden interest
in Toulouse. Some Toulousian Cainities held €
beliefs, others agreed with their criticisms of the
local clergy. Toulouse was a good place for the

thar

heretics to settle. The Pyrenees provide many iso-
lated valleys where a Cainite can do as he pleases
with little interference from other mortal or immor-
tal powers. Cainite Heretics took advantage of the
isolation to set up monasteries. Mages had long used
the area for chantries.

In January of 1208, Pierre de
assassinated and Count Raymond VI of Toulouse
blamed. Certainly Raymond VI shed few tears over
Pierre's death and did not look very hard for the
assassin. Innocent responded by excommunicating
Raymond and his neighbor, Viscount Roger III of
Carcassonne, and by preaching a crusade against
Toulouse and the Cathars. Raymond submitted to
the Papacy and joined the crusade. Roger III did not.

Castelnau was

Again, the assassination caused little concern at
Queen Esclarmonde's court. A change of mortal
counts would be, at worst, inconvenient. Toulouse
had been besieged by English and French royal
armies over the past half-century — this "crusade"
would be just another mortal war. It would be annoy-
ing to some, but an opportunity for others.

The crusading army came to Béziers in July of
1208 and demanded the town surrender some 200
named heretics. The town consuls refused. Arnaud
Amaury told the crusaders, "Caedite eos. Novit enim
Dominus qui sunt eius." ("Massacre them. The Lord
knows His own.") Béziers' cathedral was burned and
the town was sacked. Amaury reported to the pope
that the crusaders had only been able to kill 20,000.

The massacre at Béziers wasashock to Toulousian
Cainites (to say nothing of the mortal citizenry).
Amaury':
of his entourage and ghouls in the fires. The few

crusaders killed the city's prince and most

survivors fled directly to Queen Esclarmonde's court
demanding she do something to avenge the massa-
cre. Esclarmonde first warned those in the path of
the army to disperse or hide. She sent her ghouls to
aid Viscount Roger III's army and asked the local
princes for help.

News of the massacre had barely arrived when
Esclarmonde received a summons to the Grand
Court to answer an accusation of treason. Along
with that message, was a private message from
Salianna advising Esclarmonde to send an ambassa-
dor instead of coming herself and to be wary of
assassins. Given the shock of Béziers, staying safely
in Toulouse seemed prudent.

The brutality of the siege caused the neighbor-
ing city of Narbonne and other cities in the army's
path to surrender as the crusaders advanced. Neither
undead prince nor mortal council wanted to risk
another massacre
reluctant to fight. Surely this was a simple war over
land that would end as soon as the mortals defeated
the count and viscount. Things would settle back to
normal thereafter.

Esclarmonde found the princes

The crusaders captured Carcassonne after asiege in
August. The citizens left, "taking nothing with them
but their sins." Roger II] was captured at Carcassonne,
and he died in custody a few months later. Roger's wife
and young son (Raymond-Roger IV) took refuge with
the Count of Foix, whose sister was a Cathar.
Esclarmonde moved her court to Foix as well.

A minor northern baron, Simon IV de Montfort,
became the leader of the crusade and took command of
the lands conquered by the crusaders. (Simon had also
been involved in the Fourth Crusade, but he refused to
take part in the siege of Constantinople.) Arnaud
Amaury was made Archbishop of Narbonne — an
important port for the crusaders and their supplies. In
Béziers, Eon de l'Etoile, an ashen knight from Brittany,
was named prince by the crusading Cainites.

Forty days after the crusade began, the bulk of
Simon's army left, having fulfilled their feudal obli-
gations. Count Raymond VI was unable to reach any
reasonable peace with the papal legates, and he
decided to fight for his lands. Another massacre
followed, this time at Minerve on July 22, 1210. One
hundred and forty Cathars who refused to convert
were burned at the stake; three women of the town
agreed to convert and were spared. This was the first
instance of burning at the stake in the crusade.
Among the victims were Minerve's prince and s
eral of her ghouls. Again, the survivors fled.

Eon de l'Etoile led forces deep into the Pyrenees.
Hehad heard rumors that the Templar order had found
agreat relic in Jerusalem and had given it the Cathars
forsafekeeping. Rumor held that the Cathars dismissed
Christ's crucifixion as a sham because they knew, and
had proof of, what really happened at Golgotha. Eon's
quest drove him to seek out and destroy many havens,

trying to force local mortals and Cainites to divulge
Cathar secrets. He was joined by other Cainites —
primarily high-blooded childer seeking domain in the
south and Tremere Scions searching for mortal mages
hidden in the valleys.

In 1211, Simon captured Lavaur and burned 300
to 400 Cathars. He continued to attack and raid
various cities and castles from 1211 to 1212.
Esclarmonde turned eastward seeking allies. (There
were rumors, of course, that she had already been
seeking allies among the Lasombra in Aragon.) King
Pedro of Aragon allied with Count Raymond, since
he believed that the Church was treating Raymond
too harshly and did not want to see the crusade
spread into his lands. Pedro's forces attacked Muret,
12 miles south of Toulouse in September of 1212.
Simon's relief force attacked the besiegers, killing
Pedro. Raymond's forces scattered. The Aragonese
intervention was proof enough to Alexander and his
Ventrue allies that Esclarmonde was allied with the
Magisters. More high-blooded knights — chiefly
Venture and Toreador — joined the crusaders.

Simon continued to attack garrisons, destroying
castles in his wake because he did not have enough
loyal forces to control them. Cainites harassed his
army, raiding garrisons he left behind, but they
found undead crusaders among the army directing
attacks at vampiric havens.

In 1215, Prince Louis VIII campaigned briefly in
the area, destroying the walls of Narbonne and
Toulouse. Queen Eleanor abandoned efforts to per-
suade the Lasombra to return and focused her efforts
on new alliances with the Low Clans against the
crusaders. Not entirely trusting Saviarre, she sought
support and information from Queen Héléne in
Champagne. In December, 1215, Simon de Montfort
was formally given control of the lands he had
captured. Raymond VI''s son, Raymond VII, wa
given the family lands in Provence.

Raymond VI and Simon continued to fight over
the County of Toulouse, including several major
battles in and around the city of Toulouse. Simon
died in a siege of Toulouse on June 25, 1218.
armonde captured a Tremere knight and learned
that a group of Parisian Tremere had allied with
Geoffrey in return for a free hand in Toulouse.

Amalric, Simon's 26-year-old son, took com-
mand of the crusade and retreated to Carcassonne.
In 1224, Amalric retreated from Toulouse entirely,
offering his father's conquests to the French crown.
Count Raymond VI died in 1222.

PS a ee
+-FRANGE-

a

fay


At this point, his son, Count Raymond VII of
Toulouse, seemed triumphant. Viscount Raymond-
Roger IV, heir to the Viscountcy of Carcassonne,
had reached his majority and taken the field. Simon
de Montfort was dead, his son fled. Archbishop
Arnaud Amaury also died in 1223. After a bloody
14-year war, the situation seemed almost back to
where it was in 1209.

Esclarmonde too seemed pleased. She had fi-
nally gathered the allies she needed to defeat and
slay several prominent Ventrue crusaders and their
ghouls. Several of the chantries captured by the
Tremere were burned and destroyed as revenge for
their aid of the crusaders at Béziers. In return for his
efforts to rein in the ashen knights and priests,
Esclarmonde gave Eon de l'Etoile several relics that
had been hidden by the Cainite Heresy. She sent
warning to Paris of Geoffrey's alliance with the
Tremere, as well as rumors that he planned to move
against Alexander himself. Her messenger stopped
to consult with Queen Héléne before proceeding to
Paris and died at the hands of Salianna's partisans.
The warning was never given.

Unfortunately for Raymond VII, King Louis
VIII was interested in Amalric's offer of his father's
lands in Toulouse. Geoffrey and Salianna, now in
control of the Grand Court, called upon their allies
to prove their loyalty to Geoffrey by supporting the
royal army in its attack on Toulouse and the rebel-
lious Esclarmonde. Queen Héléne sent warning to
Esclarmonde and a promise to withdraw her own
vassals as soon as their required service was com-
plete. Her knights were among those who urged
Count Thibault IV to withdraw from the royal army
at the siege of Avignon in 1226.

Raymond VII was excommunicated as a heretic in
1225. Pope Honorius III preached a crusade against
him. Louis VIII brought his army south, capturing
Avignon afterasiege. Carcassonne surrendered. When
Louis VIII died in Auvergne on November 8, 1226 as
he was returning to northern France, he left his sen-
eschal, Humbert de Beaujeu, in charge of the crusade.

Humbert invaded Labécéde and destroyed it.
The entire town was massacred. Humbert's Cainite
allies fared poorly, however. Battle-hardened south-
ern Cainites ambushed and slew many of Geoffrey's
supporters among the royal army, giving the young
Prince of Paris his first major defeat. Therefore,
neither he nor Salianna could spare the influence to
try toscuttle negotiations between Blanche of Castile,
Louis IX's regent and Count Raymond VII in 1228.
Count Raymond VII swore his loyalty to the Church

and to Louis's heir, Louis IX, at the Peace of Paris
(1229). He received most of his lands back, and
others were given to the French crown.

Chronciles During the Crusade

The crusade is a perilous time for Toulousian
Cainites. The contending armies burn and destroy
any fortification they cannot hold. Peasants scatter
at rumor of any army's approach. If the crusaders
capture any suspected heretic, they burn him. Some-
times, they even disinter well-known dead heretics
and burn their corpses.

Some northern Cainites, like their mortal coun-
terparts, take advantage of the opportunity for a
crusade without the danger and travel involved ina
trip to Outremer. Some see the crusade as their
spiritual duty. Others see an opportunity for profit
from looting and pillaging Toulouse. Still others
take advantage of the chaos to settle feuds with
southern rivals or even engage in the forbidden
practice of diablerie.

Some Tremere take advantage of the crusade as
cover to hunt down a group of Salubri hiding in the
Pyrenees among the Cathars. Other Tremere use the
crusaders as pawns to attack and raid chantries deep
in the mountains. A few Assamites and Followers of
Setuse the cover of the Crusades to kill nobles whose
families had been particularly brutal in Outremer.

Bishop Arnuld has come to the disturbing real-
ization that at least some crusaders have been
specifically and thoroughly rooting out every promi-
nent adherent of the Cainite Heresy in Toulouse.
Perhaps Queen Esclarmonde's claims of a conspiracy
are not as far-fetched as he had believed.

The crusade destroys one haven of the Order of
Bitter Ashes, that of Count Humbert Dideaux, sen-
eschal of the Castle of the Holy Family. After Count
Humbert's castle falls, he flees Toulouse for Scotland
(see Chapter One).

When the crusade enters its second phase,
Toulousian Cainites will find Dominican inquisitors
as dangerous a foe as crusading armies. Obviously
murdering the friars is risky. They have the tepid
support of Count Raymond VII, who must respond
to any attack on the inquisitors or risk yet another
invasion from the north. Suborning the friars is
likewise difficult. Many Dominicans are fervent in
their faith, since the order is too new to have grown
lax and corrupt. The Dominicans are thorough and
tenacious, questioning villages about anyone who
acts oddly or who might harbor heretical thoughts.


Esclarmonde the Black has managed to hold her
own in the field and deal a significant setback to
Geoffrey's allies, but her alliance is a fragile mix of
Low Clans and refugees united only by their hatred
of the northern invaders. If the truce holds, she will
have trouble restraining her allies from taking re-
venge and sparking yet another invasion. She needs
time to cement the loyalties of her existing forces
and to seek new allies. Rumors whisper that she is
planning to retreat to Provence, a county that is
culturally similar to Toulouse, but has not been as
much a target of the crusaders.

TheMRgions

France is still very much a nation with large
divisions between its regions. A story or chronicle in
the area around Paris should have a different feel in
geography, architecture and tone from one set in
Brittany or Toulouse. Regional differences and un-
certainty about what is going on in Paris or Marseilles
or Ghent, are useful tools for Storytellers.

The following sections discuss the major regions
of Dark Medieval France. The reader will find the
mortal count or ruler of the major holding in the
region, as well as the region's geography, history and
most prominent features, as well as the most notable
Cainites therein.

Anjou

Royal Domain: In trust for Charles of Anjou,
brother of King Louis IX

Anjou is part of the Loire valley, a land of gentle
valleys, fertile fields and powerful cities. River trade is
frequent along the Loire and its tributaries, threatened
mostly by sandbars that snag boats in the summer.

Anjou borders rebellious Brittany, so castles
along its borders have been strengthened and garri-
sons increased in case of war. Many of the noble
landowners are related to English nobles. Henry I] of
England was Count of Anjou and Maine and Duke
of Normandy before inheriting the English crown in
1153. Anjou has only firmly been part of France
since the English defeat at the battle of La Roche-
aux-Moines in 1214 (which also sent Melusine
d'Anjou, previously the most powerful Cainite in
the region, running for England).

The major city of Anjou is Tours. Queen Isouda
de Blaise considers Tours' cathedral, Saint-Gatien,
unfashionably antiquated. With Chartres near
completion, she is looking for another cathedral to
design. A fire in 1233 destroys the cathedral, allow-

~~

i AO ee Ssko ate)

ing new construction that starts in 1236 and ending
in 1547. Fortevraud-l'Abbaye, a monastery for both
men and women, is the burial place of Henry II,
Eleanor of Aquitaine and Richard I. Itisa prominent
pilgrimage site and a place with considerable influ-
ence and wealth, which makes it a likely haven for
Faithful Cainites.

Anjou is a center of civilization and culture.
Chronicles set in Anjou are likely to be primarily
concerned with the politics of local princes and the
Courts of Love, and conflicting loyalties among
those who have family in England.

Queen Isouda de Blaise's domain includes both
the mortal counties of Anjou and Chartres. Chartres
itself is a prominent cathedral town. It is said that its
cathedral holds part of the Virgin's tunic, and it is
the only cathedral in France that does not contain
any tombs. Isouda is justly proud of her patronage of
the cathedral, although its relics make it difficult for
Cainites to enter.

Aquitaine
Aquitaine is currently held by Henry III of England
and is discussed in Chapter One of this book.

Auvergne

Mostly royal domain

Auvergne is a sparsely populated mountainous
land in the center of France, surrounded by the
Massif Central. The headwaters of the Loire and the
Allierriver, both major trade routes, lie in Auvergne.
It boasts Roman ruins, Celtic megaliths, dramatic
dormant volcanoes and extensive unexplored caves.

Auvergne is famous for Vercingetorix's defeat of
Julius Caesar at Gergovia. Vercingetorix, a chieftain
of the Gauls, was forced to surrender soon thereafter
and crucified by Caesar's order. Some of the Gangrel
in Auvergne fought alongside Vercingetorix and
continue a centuries-long feud with the Roman
Lasombra. The Gangrel rarely leave Auvergne, but
they will certainly try to ambush and kill any Roman
Cainites who they find in their lands.

Chronicles set in Auvergne will likely emphasize its
isolation and wildemess. Cainites hear the frequent howls
of Lupinesand rumors of the fae. Itis dangerous territory for
anyone not bom to the region or without a local patron.
Many Cainites in the mountains follow the Road of the
Beast, and rumors in other parts of Europe speak of a Feral
paragon here.

oo

Characters may pass through Auvergne on their way
tosouthem France. The roads are considered dangerous to
any but a well-armed force. Travelers warn each other of
robber knights, village priests who are little more than
thieves and bands of peasant brigands.

Blois

Part of the duchy of Champagne: Held by
Thibault IV le Chansonnier

Blois, like Anjou, lies along the Loire river
valley. The Capetian line of French kings is de-
scended from the counts of Blois. Like Anjou, it is
settled, fertile, prosperous and civilized. Its principle
cities are Blois and Orléans.

The town of Orléans is growing much faster than
the town of Blois. By the end of the century, Orléans'
noted community of scholars becomes a university.
In a century or so, the nobles of Orléans become
predominant and Blois a mere appendage.

Fiikheims

bi

Orléanshy

Tours}
Poitersii|

FRANCE

Bourdeax.

iA Toulouse

Carcassonne

Like Anjou, Blois is a center of civilization and
culture. Where Anjou is thriving, however, Blois
has passed its heyday. The tone in Blois is one of
fading glory, decadence, nostalgia for the greatness
of the past and dreams of future glory.

Véronique d'Orléans, an influential Zealot who
helped Geoffrey oust Alexander from the Grand
Court, often visits her birth city of Orléans, but she
has been more active in Paris lately. There is no love
lost between her and the Ventrue princes of Brit-
tany. Rumors persist that she encouraged Thibault
IV to betray the league against Louis IX, and specu-
lation abounds that she is supporting the young
saint-king as a means to excise the Ventrue from the
royal court for a mortal generation or two.

Brittany (Bretagne)

County: Held by Pierre de Dreux, called
Mauclerc

Brittany is a rugged
land of fishermen and sail-
ors, of Celtic rather than
ish stock. Many of
ants speak Breton,
a Celtic language similar
to Cornish and Welsh.
There are more regional
saints here than anywhere
else in France, most of
whomareneverrecognized
by the Papacy. By tradi-
tion, every Breton must
make a pilgrimage to the
seven cathedrals of Brit-
tany—SaintBrieuc, Saint
Corentine (Quimper),
Saint Malo, Saint Patern
(Vannes), Saint Pol-de-
Léon, Saint Samson (Dol)
Saint Tugdal
(Tréguier). Ifhe fails to do
so in life, he is doomed to
do so as a ghost, although
he can travel only a few
feet every seven years.
Breton Cainites often
make or finish the pilgrim-
age shortly after their
Embrace, despite the obvi-
ous risks of entering the
cathedrals.

and

yO A oar at oe
Bite = ta - + DARKAGES- EUROPE - Comme 2S ~
eS 3 DARKAGES EURC PE Pie . e


The region isknown forthe vast Foret de Paimpont
(Brocéliande), said to be the home of Merlin, Viviane
and Morgaine. Other legends say that Joseph of
Arimatheahid the Holy Grail in the Féretde Paimpont,
and that Tristan, hero of several ballads, retired to a
castle in the forest after his adventures.

A famous Breton love story involves the drowned
city of Is, said to be the inspiration for Paris, which lay
below sea level protected by dikes and locks. It is said
the king's daughter was seduced by a devil who tricked
herintostealing the key to the locks from her fatherand
opening the sea gates to prove her love. The sea rushed
in, destroying Is. The king escaped to found the city of
Quimper, but the foolish young princess became
mermaid. It is said that if Good Friday's mass can be
celebrated in one of the submerged churches, the seas
will retreat, Is will rise, and the princess will be freed
from her mermaid's curse. Brittany is also home to
legends about the Bag Noz, aghost ship that collects the
souls of those who drown at sea.

The coastal area, called Armor (Breton for "coun-
try of the sea"), is very warm. Frost is likely only a dozen
days per year (no more often than along the Mediterr:
nean coast). The interior, called Argoat ("country of
the woods") is a relatively barren, often misty, plateau.
Vicious Lupines prowl the area, and stories of the fae are

told among the citizenry. The Celtic ruins, especially
those near Carnac, draw Cainite scholars, some of
whom suspect that there are powerful mystical sites
deep within the forests. All agree, though, that such
sites would have protectors, perhaps even of the
Lhiannan bloodline.

A chronicle set in Brittany should include its
Celtic heritage, its separation in culture and language
from France and the legends of its forests. The interior
should be a mysterious place where a prudent Cainite
will not wander without compelling re:
Pierre's efforts to ally with Henry III and his unsuccess-
ful struggles against Blanche of Castile, and Ventrue
struggles with Toreador-dominated Anjou are also
good fodder for a politically oriented chronicle.

Burgundy

Duchy (west of the Saéne): Held by Hugh IV
(1218-72); County (east of the Saéne): Held by
Otto II; both allied with French crown

The region of Burgundy is a hilly area on Franc:
northeast border with the Holy Roman Empire. It is
already known for its wines, which are shipped along
the Loire to Paris and eventually to England and along

son. Count


the Sadne to the Mediterranean. Wines, at this point,
are stored in barrels, and they spoil with age.

Burgundy is the home of Cluny, the mother
house of the Clunaic monks (founded in 910), and of
Citeaux, mother house of the Cistercian order
(founded in 1098). Both orders are large, wealthy
and powerful in 1230. The monasteries bring a large
amount of money (from donations and tithes from
daughter houses) and important visitors to Bur-
gundy. Cluny has been under the sole protection of
the papacy since 1024. Citeaux, its vineyards and its
daughter houses have been under the personal pro-
tection of the Papacy since 1164. Monasteries of
both orders are not subject to the control or tithes of
any local bishop. In 1230, Cluny is in decline, having
suffered several scandals involving nepotism, ab-
bots' mistresses, sodomy among the monks and
misused money. Citeaux has passed the height of its
power, and it is having increasing problems reconcil-
ing its emphasis on simplicity and spirituality with
its wealth and secular power.

The Church of Mary Magdalene in Vézelay
claims to have the body of Saint Marie. Popular
legend claims that she and Saint Maximinus left
Judea shortly after Jesus's martyrdom and settled in
southern France. Vézelay claims that its relics were
brought here from the original burial site in southern
France for protection from Saracen raiders. The
original abbey, Saint Maximin in Provence, dis-
agrees. At present, pilgrims are more persuaded by
Vézelay's claim to authenticity. Richard I and
Philippe II Auguste stopped here to pray before

FUTURE FAT!

J n 1239, a Dominican friar, Roger le

2» Bougre (a former Cathar), will host a
great burning of heretics at Mont Aimé in
Champagne. Over 180 heretics burn, and their
deaths are observed by Count Thibault IV and
16 bishops from the region. The Mont Aimé
burnings are among the largest in northern
France, and they are warning signs of the
growing power of the Inquisition.

Roger le Bougre is suspiciously well in-
formed about Cainite weaknesses. Some suspect
that he is a pawn of one faction or another
using the Inquisition to destroy its rivals. Oth
ers suspect that he has personal experience
with vampires. Rumors suggest he has lost a
loved one to the Embrace.

embarking on crusade. Francis of Assisi has recently
founded his first convent in Vézelay.

Chronicles set in Burgundy might have themes of
fading power and moral corruption. The duchy is
currently past its peak of power, as are the two major
institutions within it. Both Cluny and Citeaux are
likely to be suspicious of the Dominican and Franciscan
friars who compete with their monks for donations and
tithes. Underlying much of Burgundy's history is a
certain ruthlessness among its counts, which will be-
come evident when Burgundy rises in power in the
years to come.

Champagne

County: Held by Thibault IV le Chansonnier
(1201-1253), CountofChampagneand King of Navarre
(1234-53); allied unreliably to the French Crown

Champagne isa wealthy county of rolling hills and
plains. As home to the international Champagne Fairs
(see page 50), it is extremely prosperous. Thesilver coin
minted in Provins, the demier de Provins, is the standard
coin of the trade fairs, and it is widely accepted across
Europe. Champagne is also the home of many French
Jews. Thibault and his successors will struggle with the
Capetian kings to protect local Jews from royal taxes
and expulsions, realizing that the Jews are crucial to
Champagne's merchant economy.

Chronicles set in Champagne may focus on its
wealth and the constant bustle of the international
trade fairs. Characters attending the fairs may come
across a rival or foe and be forced to rely on their wits or
be forced to break Eudes's peace. If the confrontation
occursin Troyes, characters may find themselves drawn
into intrigues between Eudes and Héléne.

Dauphine

County: Held by Count Andre (1193-1236)

Dauphiné is a mountainous region west of the
Rhoneand north of the Durance rivers, extending into
the Alps toward the Holy Roman Empire. The moun-
tains are known for their cold, snowy winters; violent
spring floods; dry, hot summers and warm, clear au-
tumns. The mistral, a strong, cold spring wind, blows
from Mount Ventoux through Dauphiné into Provence.
Locals claim that the mistral makes them edgy and
impatient and gives them headaches. Gusting at up to
60 miles per hour, the wind can keep people awake as
it howlsacross slate and tile roofs. Most mistrals last one
to three days, sometimes a full week.

Dauphiné is home to the Convent de la Grande
Chartreuse (founded 1084), mother house of the

+ DARKAGES EUROPE: 7

Se ee


Carthursian order. The order is in some ways ideal
for Cainite monks. The order is divided into choir
monks and hermit monks. The choir monks tend the
fields, deal with guests and provide basic contact
with outsiders. Each hermit monk lives alone in an
individual stone cell arranged around a cloister. The
monks gather wordlessly three times a day for a
common celebration of Vespers and the night office.
They prepare their own meals and eat alone in their
cells except on Sundays and major festivals. On
those days, common meals and brief conversations
are allowed. A careful Cainite could likely remain
cloistered among the Carthursians for decades with-
out being detected.

Dauphiné is mostly rural. The major towns are
Grenoble and Vienne, both built over old Roman
settlements. Most of Dauphiné's inhabitants live in
isolated alpine valleys with little trade or contact
with the outside world.

Chronicles set in Dauphiné will likely empha-
size its isolation and wilderness, even more so than
Auvergne. The mountains are steeper, the valleys
deeper, the winters more harsh. The mysterious
mistral might affect the moods of mortal and Cainite
alike. Cainites who are not native to Dauphiné or
who do not have local patrons will have a hard time
surviving outside the few cities. Characters may pass
through Dauphiné on their way to the Petite Saint
Bernard pass and Italy.

Flanders

County: Held by Countess Johanna (1206-1244)

Flanders is the northernmost county of France,
a land of fertile fields, marshes and vineyards. The
region includes several small counties along the
English Channel, the Duchy of Brabant, and the
County of Hainault. In 1230, Flanders has a prosper-
ous wool trade with England and with the Champagne
Fairs. The height of Flanders' political power was
about a century ago, under Count Thierry of Alsace
(1128-68) and his son Philippe (1168-91). Since
then, the count's power has been declining as the
French monarchs expanded their domains.

After Count Baldwin IX became Emperor of
Constantinople, Philippe II Auguste tried to influ-
ence the succession in Flanders. Flemish lords allied
with John I and Emperor Otto IV, but Philippe
defeated the coalition at the Battle of Bouvines in
1214. Countess Johanna's husband, Ferrand, son of
King Sancho] of Portugal, was captured at Bouvines.

Se eb peeenenlinee ~

we.

Blanche of Castile released him in January of 1227,
but he died a year later.

Just five years ago, in 1225, a Flemish hermit
masqueraded as Baldwin IX. He was unmasked by
King Louis VIII and banished, and then captured in
Burgundy and handed over to Baldwin's daughter,
Countess Johanna of Flanders, who ordered him
hanged in Lille. A few peasants believe that King
Louis was wrong and that the hanged man was
indeed the count. Baldwin remains Emperor of
Constantinople until he is driven out by the Greeks
in 1261, but is Emperor Baldwin really Count
Baldwin, or an imposter?

Counts Thierry and Philippe granted charters to
several wealthy towns. Others are trying to establish
communes. Several cities are sites of conflict be-
tween the rival political parties the Leliaerts
(supporters of the French kings, named for the fleur-
de-lis on the French arms), who enjoy support from
the patricians, and the Clauwaerts (supporters of the
counts of Flanders, named for the lion's cla'
counts' shield), who represent the lower classes
cities of Ghent and Ypres are political and economic
rivals that occasionally fight each other openly.

Stories set in Flanders are likely based in the
major cloth-making cities. Bruges, Ghent and Ypres
are growing in wealth and power. The power of the
communes is increasing at the expense of the tradi-
tional patricians and nobility. This shift will cause as
much unrest among Cainite powers as among mortal
ones. The Prometheans and Furores are very active
in Flanders.

Tlede France

Royal domain

The Seine river basin around Paris is the heart of
the French monarchy. The region is mostly a low
limestone plateau with river valleys and sandy areas.
It is dominated by Paris, a city of 50,000 inhabitants
in 1230.

Paris is divided by the Seine river into two
banks, plus the Ile de la Cité (the island in the center
of the river). The Louvre Palace (royal castle), the
Temple (home of the Templars), the Place de Greve
(marketplace), Les Halles (marketplace) and Chatlet
(mayor's palace) are on the Right Bank. The Cité is
the site of Notre Dame (still under construction),
the Bishop's palace, and the Conciergerie (a royal
palace). To protect Paris, Philippe II Auguste built
the Louvre palace in 1200 and walls around the Left
Bank, which he completed in 1210. The Left Bank

+ FRANC

contains the University of Paris, which is clustered
around the chapel of Saint Julien le Pauvre.

Chronicles in Paris can easily focus on intrigues
between the Grand Court and Matriarch Salianna's
Court of Love, but there is much more going on in the
city. The Nosferatu have a haven under the Ile de la
Cité. They collect information on the High Clans and
take blood and information from the city's lively mob
of beggars and thieves. The Temple is the mother house
of the Templar order, and a center for banking and
commerce. The University of Paris (on strike in 1230)
isagrowing center for learninganda magnet for Cainite
scholars ofall clans. Notre Dame isnearing completion.
Toreador queens try to lure or enthrall mortal
to work on their "pet" cathedrals. Matriarch Salianna,
meanwhile, has become jealous of her vassals' works
and is looking for a showpiece. Her opportunity will
come in 1239 when Louis IX purchases relics that are
supposedly part of the Crown of Thorns from Emperor
Baldwin of Constantinople. He builds a chapel in the
Chapelle, to hold the relics. Ma-
triarch Salianna assists, from a distance, by gathering
artists to assist in the project. The resulting chapel isone
of the finest examples of Gothic architecture.

Normandy

Duchy: Crown domain

Charles III gave Normandy, which includes the
mouth of the Seine, to a Viking chief in 911 as a bribe
to protect Paris and the interior from Viking raids. In
1066, William II the Conqueror invaded England,
making his heirs both dukes of France and kings of
England. At the same time, knights from lesser elite
families in Normandy were establishing territorial lord-
ships in southern Italy. Philippe II Auguste invaded and
captured Normandy in 1204. Henry III of England
disputes this claim, but he cannot effectively contest
French control.

Normandy is known for its apple orchards and
horse breeders. Rouen, along the Seine, has about
25,000 inhabitants in 1230. Mont-St-Michel, a coastal
abbey perched on a granite outcropping in the middle
of a large bay, is a noted pilgrimage site.

French and English Cainites struggle in Normandy.
Thefew remaining Cainites with loyalties to England try to
holdtheirdomainsagainstFrench invaders. French Cainites
feel that Philippe'sconquestsentitle them totake territories
in Normandy. The whole area is a delicate diplomatic
tangle, made worse by the fact that Mithras has largely
given up on his former French holdings.

artisans

Conciergerie, Saint

= z=,

Poitou

County: Held in trust for Louis IX's brother
Alphonse

The coast of Poitou is marshy, and Benedictine
monks near Niort have been busy draining one set of
marshes for over a century. The interior of Poitou is
a fertile limestone plateau. Poitiers, its largest town,
commands the so-called gate of Poitou — a gap 44
miles wide between the mountains south of the Loire
River and the Massif Central — which serves as the
connecting link between northern and southern
France.

Like Normandy, Poitou has strong ties to En-
gland, and many nobles resent French control. Others
rebelled against the Plantagenet kings in favor of
France during Henry II's reign. Eleanor of Aquitaine
favored Poitiers over her other dowry lands, and she
held court there from 1189 to 1199. In 1199, she
retired to the island of Orléon, where she established
aset of maritime rules, Les Réles d'Orléon, governing
shipping and outlawing piracy.

One of the unusual features of Poitou, shared
with Aquitaine, Provence and Toulouse, is the pre-
ponderance of rural fortified fortress-churches, most
of which were built in the late 12th century. These
churches were refuges for peasants during unrest,
and their belfries were used as watchtowers.
Aquitaine, Poitou, Provence and Toulouse also have
many bastides — fortified towns built on a planned
geometric system. People started building bastides in
1220 to fortify French holdings in Poitou and
Toulouse. Bastides were given favorable charters to
encourage settlement. Immigrants there were often
exempt from military service and certain taxes, but
they could be fined if they did not develop their land
quickly enough.

Cainite and mortal Christians making a pilgrim-
age to Santiago de Compostela (see Chapter Four)
often travel through Poitou on their ways south.
Thousands of pilgrims every year make the long
journey, often with frequent side trips to noted
shrines and churches. Cainite pilgrims often make a
courtesy visit to King Etienne of Poitou, who holds
court in Poitiers. Among other duties, King Etienne
keeps order on the pilgrimage routes through Poitou,
and he discourages feeding on pilgrims. Etienne asks
Cainites to prey instead on the Coquillards, false
pilgrims who rob and cheat the pious pilgrims and
their hosts.

Fat Os, SY a <i —
EUROPE: 2= —

2

Brovence

County: Held by Raymond Berenger (contested
by Raymond VII of Toulouse); Raymond Berenger's
daughter Margaret marries Louis IX in 1234

Provence, like Aquitaine, Toulouse, Dauphiné,
Poitou and parts of Auvergne, is part of the Languedoc
or Occitania. Occitania is named after its language,
Occitan (those who say "oc" instead of "oui" for
"yes"), which is more closely based on Latin than the
language spoken by Frankish Paris and the north.

The region is more Roman than Frankish in its
language and customs. A crucial difference is in
inheritance. In the north, a noble family's major
lands tend to pass from parent to a single child,
usually the eldest son. Other children may get an
inheritance, but every fief has one single ruler. In the
south, land is divided among the heirs. In practice,
many fiefs are managed by family committees, nomi-
nally ruled by whoever holds the title. Quick decisions
are difficult at best.

Castles and fortifi
northern network of feudal military obligations is
much weaker in the south. Occitan nobles rely more
heavily on mercenaries than on vassal knights and
peasant levies. Similarly, northern manorial estates
are not common in the south — peasants generally
owe their landholder cash rents and dues, rather
than field labor. Villages are also more scattered and
thinly populated, especially in the Pyrenees.

In the south, as in the north, the towns are often
divided under several rules. The bishop often rules
the portion of town surrounding his cathedral (the
cité). Many towns are governed not by an appointed
mayor or seneschal, as in many northern cities, but
by elected councils. Charters and communes are
common in the north as well, but northern counts
often have more power over their most important
cities. Provence and Toulouse's cities are important
trading places for Genoa and Pisa. Jewish citizens in
many of the cities have more privileges and protec-
tions from anti-Semitic laws than in the royal domain.

ations are common, but the

The Templars and Hospitalers are very activ
Provence and Toulouse. There are more knights of
both orders in Occitania alone than in Outremer.
Les Baux, a fortified city in the Alpinnes, is home to
ahaven of the Order of the Bitter Ashes. (The other
Provengal haven isat Tarascon, acity on the Rhéne.)

The Occitans perceive the Franks
sadistic and tyrannical. The Franks regard the
Occitans as effeminate and lacking martial valor. A

ein

covetous,

southern noble is praised for his or her skill at
politics, poetry and wit. A northern noble is praised
for his fighting prowess. "The Franks to battle, the
Provengaux to the table," a popular saying ran at the
time of Eleanor of Aquitaine's first marriage.

Count Raymond Berenger is in the midst of a
struggle with hiscousin CountRaymond VII of Toulouse
overeastern Provence. In 1230, Marseillesasks Raymond
VII to aid it in a dispute with Raymond Berenger.
Raymond VII agrees and is given part of the town.
Raymond Berenger ultimately seeks protection from
Louis IX, marrying his eldest daughter to the king in
1234. (Raymond Berenger's other three daughters also
become queens. Eleanor of Provence marries Henry III
of England. Sanchia marries Henry III's brother Rich-
ard of Cornwall who is later made King of the Romans
after the death of Conrad IV of Hohenstaufen. The
youngest, Beatrice, marries Charles of Anjou who later
becomes King of Sicily.)

Arles, a former Roman city, isastronghold of the
Nosferatu and Cappadocians, who mostly reside in
the Alyscamps, a large necropolis just outside the
city. The Alyscamps was builtalong the old Aurelian
Way. Itcontains many tombs, mausoleums, churches
and chapels. People who live along the Rhéne send
their dead to the Alyscamps by floating wooden
coffins down the river with a coin nailed to the
outside to pay the gravediggers. The coffins are
caught by a net under a bridge in Arles and taken to
the necropolis.

Avignon, a major city along the Rhone, surren-
dered to Louis VIII in 1226 and was forced to destroy its
walls. A royal appointee currently governs the city, but
it has strong ties to Anjou and Italy. (From 1304 to
1376, Avignon becomes the home of the Papacy, when
the popes flee various civil wars in Italy.)

Les Baux has been home to many troubadours and
one of the mortal Courts of Love. Toreadors sometimes
visit Les Baux to audition talented musicians.

The Cainite Prince of Marseilles, Saint Regis, is
embroiled ina struggle with Furores who have flocked to
the city. The mortal leaders of this city of about 25,000
are busy trying to balance the claims of the bishop, Count
Raymond VII and the Holy Roman Emperor to maintain
the city's independence. Marseilles is a major supply port
for the crusades, Constantinople and Outremer. It is a
significant rival to Genoa, Pisa and Venice. Marseilles
was also the embarkation point for the tragic Children's
Crusade in 1212, the result of which was that two
Marseilles merchants sold hundreds of naive children
who intended to save Outremer asslaves to the Saracens.


(A few children wound up in Saint Regis's hands.) Some
think a group of Ravnos Sybarites in Marseilles might
have had a hand in the sale.

Pilgrims travel to Provence to visit the Ste-Baume
Massif and Stes-Marie-de-la-Mer. Provengal legend
says that about 13 years after the crucifixion, Mary
Magdalene, Mary mother of James, Martha and her
brother Lazarus, as well as several other Biblical no-
tables left Judea and came to Provence. They made
landfall at Stes-Marie-de-la-Mer. Several settled there,
and a fortified priory protects their tombs against theft
and raids. Mary Magdalene left the othersand retired to
acave in the Massif, the highest mountain in Provence,
for 33 years to atone for her sins. When she neared
death, she sought out Saint Maximinus, who gave her
last communion and buried her.

In the 11th century, the relics of St. Mary were
stolen from the abbey of St-Maximin-la-Ste-Baume
near the massif and taken to Vélezay in Burgundy.
(In 1279, Charles of Anjou claims to have discov-
ered the true relics at St-Maximin Abbey. When
Pope Boniface VII recognizes the relics in 1295, the
pilgrims start coming to the Abbey.)

Chronicles in Provence may involve pilgrims
who come to Provence's pilgrimage sites or embark
for Constantinople or Outremer from Marseilles.
Visitors to Marseilles may find themselves caught up
in the struggle between Saint Regis and the Furores.
Italian Cainites may be caught up in mercantile
struggles between Provengal ports and Genoese
merchants. Rumor has it that Esclarmonde the Black,
Queen of Toulouse, may flee to Provence if things
get worse in the Pyrenees. Certainly, she is calling for
aid from Occitan, Italian and Aragonese Cainites.
Local Cainites might well be concerned about the
Albigensian Crusade spreading into Provence in
pursuit of fleeing refugees, as well.

Toulouse
County: Held by Raymond VII

Asa region, Toulouse includes the Counties of
Foix and Toulouse, the Viscountcies of Carcassonne,
Montpelier and Narbonne, and several smaller enti-
ties ranging from the Pyrenees to Aquitaine to
Auvergne to the Rhéne river. Toulouse has been
torn by the Albigensian Crusade. Cities, castles and
fields lie in ruins, the inhabitants butchered. At
present, Raymond VII's truce with Louis IX and
Blanche is holding, but the Church is still suspicious
of Raymond and actively trying to search out the
active Cathars.

There are strong links between Toulouse and
Outremer. Count Raymond IV was a wealthy member
of the First Crusade who led a large force of knights.
Raymond's kin became the Counts of Tripoli and were
active in several crusades. Some crusaders may have
been Embraced by eastern clans and returned home
thereafter. Cainites themselves may feel the urge to go
on crusade. Cainite crusaders in Outremer may have
mortal contacts or descendants in Toulouse and return
toaid them, or to help the Church destroy the heretics
during the Albigensian Crusade.

Toulouse is slowly rebuilding from the Albigensian
Crusade. A new cathedral-fortress and bishop's palace
are being planned in Albi. (The old cathedral was
destroyed during the crusade.) Construction on a new
cathedral for Béziers has been ongoing since 1215.
Blanche of Castile has been building a royal residence
in Carcassonne since 1226. Nimes' cathedral, damaged
in the Crusades, is undergoing repairs.

Cainites in Toulouse need to tread lightly. Friar-
inquisitors and clergy are busy looking for heretics. The
populace is wary of strangers and unlikely to shelter
anyone who may bring trouble. The areas still held by
Count Raymond-Roger IV may accept refugees who
claim to be Cathars, but their resources are overbur-
dened, and tensions are high. In 1229, the populace of
Cordes lynches a group of inquisitors.

Cainites may journey to Toulot
Cathar refugees or as part of several factions who have
used the cover of the Crusades to settle old feuds, raid
rivals or just seek personal power. Cainite scholars may
also come to Toulouse to study at the renowned medi-
cal school in Montpellier or at the newly chartered
university in Toulouse.

Lifein France

The following sections detail some of the unique
aspects of life in France, such as the fairs and the
universities. Whatever the mortal populace does,
however, the Cainites of France look on with inter-
est, and very often a mortal trend or custom is
quickly adopted — and perverted — by the undead.

The Champagne Fairs

Far from the battlefields of Toulouse, Cainites
gather at the Champagne Fairs to meet, trade and
negotiate. The fairs are a haven for Cainites of the
Low Clans, for Prometheans and Furores and for
those who seek power through a merchant's wealth.

as crusaders,


Every year, thousands of merchants from acro:
Western Europe gather together in four cities in Cham-
pagne — Lagny (January-February), Bar-sur-Aube
iMorche April), Troyes (July-August and November-

ember) and Provins (September-October) — for
ive weeks each to trade goods, credit and currency.
Thousands of anonymous strangers crowd into cities
swelling the usual population of roughly 10,000 souls.
Fairs some of the few places in Europe where a
strange face does not cause comment, where business
may be done at any hour and where Cainites from very
different lands may meet on neutral territo1
would notice careful feeding?

Actually, Eudes de Troyes, leader of a group of
Prometheans who have protected the fairs since the
1150s, notices. Eudes travels with the fairs and keeps
aclose eye on activities. The fairs are open territory
where Cainites who disdain the Toreador courts can
gather safely. Feeding must be discreet, and Embra:
ing progeny is forbidden. Duels and conflicts must be
fought outside the fairgrounds. Eudes has little power
toenforce his will outside the fairgrounds, but through
his mortal counterparts he can put significant fiscal
pressure on a prince's merchants by restricting their
rights to trade at the fair.

When in Troyes, Eudes keeps an even lower
profile as Héléne's court usually sits in this cit
Héléne's interests are politics both mortal and undead
on a national scale — the affairs of Eudes and of
merchz re generally beneath her notice — whic!
is exe Eudes prefers it.

The fairs' Promethean guardians may be b
neath the notice of Queen Héléne le Juste, but they
are critically important to her mortal counterpart,
Count Thibault IV, as they provide significant re
enue to his court. King Louis IX has placed merchants
traveling to and from the fairs under his personal
protection. In addition, the mortal authorities will
bar any merchant from a city or barony that has not
paid its debts to the fair, or has unjustly harmed
another merchant, until the offending city or baron
makes good the debt or harm.

The fairs themselves are virtually independent
states. Champagne sets very low fees and taxes on
the merchants. Two Keepers of the Fairs, a chancel-
lor, notaries, lieutenants and 100 sergeants govern
the fairs. Any two officials can make important
decisions, aided as necessary by Prudhommes (honor-
able/ important merchants) from the trade
Contracts and letters of credit drawn up at the fairs

lid anywhere in Christian Europe (in theory).


+ we

The merchants who attend the fairs often have
their own organized companies that travel, live and
work together. These companies have their own
officers, including captains to lead the company,
consuls to represent members in dealing with fair
officials and harbingers to arrange the company's
accommodations before the merchants arrive. Cre
bow archers and pikemen guard the caravans.
Traveling in a guarded caravan is one of the safest
ways for a Cainite to travel in Europe.

The Champagne Fairs are the largest and best
known of the major French fairs, but they are not the
only ones. Nearly every town has at least one trade
fair, often held on its saint's day or the anniversary of
the consecration of its major church. Paris is one of
the few to have two major fairs — each lasting a
month. Local princes may attempt to restrict hunt-
ing at their local fairs, or they may allow a certain
amount of feeding during the usual drunkenness,
brawling, whoring and rioting that accompany these
gatherings. For many Cainites of noble birth, what
the merchants and peasants do to each other is
simply beneath their notice.

The Cathedral Crusade

Near and dear to the Toreador Queens' hearts is
the construction of Gothic cathedrals in Northern
France. One of the most famous cathedrals —Notre-
Dame de Paris — is over half complete. New
cathedrals are just being started in Amiens, Reims
and other cities. Cathedral architects, window mak-
ers and sculptors struggle to make their cathedrals
wider, taller or more ornate than their neighbors and
predecessors. Toreador patrons and artisans, espe-
cially Queen Isouda de Blaise, whose prized
Notre-Dame de Chartres was finished in 1220, are at
the very heart of this competition.

The competition is not entirely benign. Con-
struction on several new cathedrals began when
fires destroyed the old buildings. Suspicions circu-
late that not all of the fires were accidental, that
a few conveniently cleared a building site for an
ambitious new bishop. Cathedral chapters com-
pete for the best artisans and materials, and rumors
of sabotage are not uncommon. Woe to an ambi-
tious bishop or architect who thoughtlessly destroys
or alters a Toreador's masterpiece. A true artiste
would never destroy the achievement of a cathe-
dral, although one might be tempted to rid oneself
of an eyesore or clear the canvas for an even
greater work (and true art, is, as always, in the eye
of the beholder). Less aesthetically minded

Major French cathedrals under
construction in 1230

Amiens 1220-1410
Bourges: Saint Etienne 1195-1255
Coutances 1218-1371
LeMans: Saint Julien 1217-1254
Paris: Saint Denis Basillica 1136-1281
Paris: Notre Dame 1164-1250
Poitiers: St-Pierre 1150-1379
Rheims 1211-1270
Senlis: Notre-Dame 1191-1560

Troyes: St-Pierre-et-St-Paul 1208-1554

Cainites might not be so scrupulous. Destroying a
rival's cathedral after decades or centuries of effort
is a vicious revenge, or corrupting it with clashing
renovations while a rival is in torpor. Supervising
repairs alone could distract a rival for decades or
longer.

Medieval Cathedrals

The scale of a medieval cathedral building is
huge, both asa whole and individually. From 1050 to
1350, parishes in northern France build 80 cathe-
drals, 500 large churches and tens of thousands of
parish churches. The cathedral of Amiens is large
enough for the city's entire population of 10,000 to
attend services at the same time. A 14-story building
could be built in the choir of St-Pierre de Beauvais
cathedral without touching the vaults, some 157 feet
high. The cathedral fad has spread, toa lesser extent,
to England, Germany and Italy.

Medieval cathedrals are loud, festive, brightly
colored places full of pilgrims and pageants. The
altars are gilded with ornate altar cloths. The great
crosses are decorated with precious stones. Chalices,
reliquaries and even bishop's crosiers are themselves
masterworks of art. High altars, rood screens and
choir stalls will all be removed from many cathedrals
during renovations in later centuries. Multicolored
wall hangings, paint and decorated paving all are
missing from cathedrals in the modern age.

A cathedral is not simply used during services
and left empty the rest of the time. Parishioners eat
there, sleep there and come to Mass with their prized
hunting birds and dogs. During fairs, churches set
guards to catch lovers in the dark corners. Com-
munes and guilds hold meetings in cathedrals and
smaller churches. Parish churches are even used as
storehouses at the height of the harvest.

<> a a a) a
3S EURO! be f= SBS
So a Pe,


The first 250 years of cathedral building isa time
of great strides in architecture and ornamentation —
when cathedrals developed walls of stained glass.
Not all of these experiments succeed, though.
Beauvais' vaults are the highest attempted, and they
partly collapse in 1284, leaving the cathedral incom-
plete to this night.

Construction is a massive, expensive project.
Bishops and chapters vie with neighbors for funds
and artisans. Relics are bought, stolen and displayed
to draw pilgrims and their alms. Struggles between a
bishop and the cathedral chapter (the monks who
perform Masses) or between a bishop and the town
can starve a cathedral for funds. Good relations with
guilds, local nobles and the crown can bring dona-
tions and patronage. A change in architect, overseer
of the fabric (construction), works accountant or
director of the site can likewise bring chaos, ora new
vision perhaps not wholly compatible with the old.

Toreador are drawn to cathedral building but
they must be wary. Cathedrals are home to bishops
and parishioners who may exhibit True Faith. Fol-
lowers of the Road of Heaven often seek cathedrals
and their chapters. They are often home to a great
many relics, not all of which are fakes. The great
stained glass and rose windows are glorious achieve-
ments that vampires cannot admire in daylight.

Universities

In 1230, bishops also have to contend with a
growing number of scholars from France's three univer-
sities — Paris, Toulouse and Montpellier. (By the end
of the century, a university is chartered in Orléans.)
Although the universities grew out of the cathedral
schools, they have been recognized by the Papacy as
legally independent from the bishop's control.

Universities draw mortal and Cainite students
and scholars from across Europe to study, teach,
debate and philosophize. The students and teachers
are almost without exception male, although occa-
sionally a master's daughter is allowed to sit in some
classes. Most are minor members of the clergy, whose
moral character has been attested by the bishop of
their home diocese. The students are mostly in their
early teens, with a reputation for drunken riots on
feast and fair days. Troubadours describe students as
rowdy mischievous rogues, all too fond of wine and
sexual adventures, escaping punishment through
their privileges as clergy. Wealthy students' lay ser-
vants share their masters' privileges and are often

considered worse than the students themselves. Ser-
vants are rumored to cheat their masters by
overcharging them for purchases and services.

The University of Paris given its charter by
Philippe II Auguste in 1200. Pope Innocent recognized
its rights in 1208-09. In 1215, a papal legate gave the
University's guild of masters and students their own
statutes. The students and masters are currently in the
middle ofa two year strike, called in 1229, after Blanche
of Castile anda papal legate tried to discipline students
for invading a Parisian nunnery and raping several
sity ultimately upholds its
right to discipline the students and is given explicit
protection by the Papacy.

The University of Toulouse was founded in 1229
as part of the Papacy's effort to re-establish orthodox
theology in the county. Despite the Church's strong
influence, students in Toulouse can study with Jew-
ish scholars who survived the Albigensian Crusade.
Other Jewish and Muslim scholars are drawn to
Toulouse, bringing with them classical Greek works,
including Aristotle's writings that are banned in
Paris as theologically dangerous.

Montpellier's renowned school of medicine was
founded by Jewish scholars in 1000. The medical
school became part of a university founded by
Benedictine monks. Pope Nicholas IV grants the
university a charter in 1289. As Montpellier ison the
Mediterranean coast near trade routes with the
Muslim states, it is one of the first places to receive
many Greek texts that have been preserved and
translated by Arab scholars.

A university is another place where strangers
can gather and Cainite scholars can seek lost works
and dispute philosophical questions. It is difficult for
a Cainite to study at a university, though, since
classes are given during the days, often in church
buildings or outdoors when the weather permits.
Students are mostly minor clergy, and some may
exhibit True Faith. Books are more common than in
earlier decades, but most te:
verbatim from authoritative texts chained to heavy
pillars to prevent theft. Universities technically fall
under the domain of the prince of the city, but the
prince may appointa learned representative to over-
see the school. Since human mages also frequent
universities, Cainites need to be adept at hiding
themselves from mystical scrutiny. The Cappadocians
and Brujah often fill this representative post, al-
though the Tremere usually send a representative of
their interests.

nuns. The unive! solute

chers lecture by reading

= a PT
aa > te Se ee EE ~
Ps faa -.FRANGE —/ ——= So -
A \ >. er


Notable Cainites

Eslarmonde the Black, Queen of

Toulouse
7th-generation Toreador, childe of Michel
d'Armand, Walker on the Road of Kings
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Defender
Embrace: AD 729
Apparent Age: early 40s

In better years, Queen Esclarmonde's court echoed
with song and music. The finest minstrels and troubadours
of northern Spain, Toulouse and Provence played at her
court forher guests. Cathars, Christians, Jews, Moors, High
and Low Clans were equally welcome at her court. Talent
was more important than any other quality.

King Etienne expected Esclarmonde to fold at the first
brush of the Crusade. Herswiftresponse, skilled diplomacy,
and martial skill surprised her peers and rivals. Her peers
were equally surprised at her willingness to seek allies
among the Spanish Lasombra and the Low Clans, and to
intentionally provoke conflicts between the Cainite Cru-
saders and the Lupines.

A few older Cainites recalled that she had been
Embraced during Abd-er Rahman's campaign against the
Franks between 729 and 732. She fought against Moorish

Cainitesfor most of her early decades, before the region was
stabile enough to enjoy the finer arts of life.

Esclarmonde has spent most of her unlife playing the
shifting politics of Aquitaine, Toulouse and Aragon. The
Court of Love was a small change from longstanding
Toulousian traditions. She found her Frankish peers com-
paratively crude,andmaintainedanominallinktoSalianna
and the other Queens. Although initially blind-sided by
the crusade and Salianna's treachery, she is rapidly gather-
ing allies and secrets to take the struggle to their door.

Eudes de Troyes, Champion of the Fairs
8th-generation Brujah, childe of Volker, Walker
on the Road of Humanity
Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: Caretaker
Embrace: AD 1012
Apparent Age: late 20s

Eudes was Embraced for his skills asa merchant and
diplomat. His sire, a Flemish Brujah from Ghent,
merely expected acompetent local pawn. Eudes quickly
proved himself adept at managing affairs at the fairs and
soon was a valued local agent for many of the Cainites
who visited them.

Eudes gathered like-minded Cainites around him-
selfand slowly monopolized arrangements for traveling
Cainites and their entourages. He used that trust and
respect to gain independence from his sire and take
charge of the fairs. Because Eudes maintains strict
impartiality toward his clients and their dealings, he is
a respected arbitrator. It is in no one's interest to
challenge his protection of the fairs, ashe providesasafe
haven for anyone who follows his rules.


He respects the power of nobles, and is grateful for
the counts' long protection of the fairs. He despises
nobles who prey on merchants and moneylenders
when their own profligacy and folly bring them to near
ruin. Similarly Cainites who have no sense for money
orpracticality, whoare frivolous, gluttonous or wasteful
will earn his scorn.

Eudes does his best to avoid Cainite politics,
cially the whirl of intrigue thatsurrounds Queen
court. He reluctantly gets involved in Cainite politics
only when plots and plans threaten to disrupt his fair
and his supporters.

Saint Regis, Prince of Marseilles

8th-generation Toreador, childe of Nathaniel,
Walker on the Road of Heaven

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Penitent

Embrace: AD 1074

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Brother Regis was a monk in Abbey of Saint Victor
when he was Embraced while accompanying the abbot on
one of his many embassies for Pope Gregory VII. He
escaped from his Sinner sire and returned to the Abbey,
seeking to expunge his ni cursed condition through
prayer and penitence. Regis accompanied crusaders to
Outremer, visited Rome and even spent three decades asa
Carthursian monk, but he could not find solace. His
intentionsare good, but his will is often weak. Each time he
has tried to find peace, he has eventually succumbed to
temptation and a binge of feeding, violence and depravity.

After leaving the Convent de la Grande Chartreuse,
he returned to Marseilles. He found his beloved Abbey of
Saint Victor being slowly corrupted by the local prince and
decided to take action. Regis approached the Order of the
Bitter Ashes at Les Baux and at Tarascon and Cainites in
the Hospitaler and Templar commands in Provence for
aid, and he promised them that ifhe were prince, he would
aid the crusaders traveling from Marseilles. With their aid,
he was able to ambush Marseilles's prince and take the city
for himself. Local Cainites nicknamed him "Saint" Regis
for his efforts at redemption. Regis himself does not use the
name, ashe feels that doing so would be the height of pride,
but he has made no effort to stop its use by others.

Regis finds peace in his gardens, which he has
decorated with restored Roman mosaics, statues and
other works made in a Roman style. He keenly appre-
ciates the irony of his hobby, comparing it to Queen
Isouda de Blaise's love for the stained glass of Chartres
which she can never see.

Regishaslittlerespectforthe higherclergy,asthe papal
politics he saw during his mortal years left him deeply
cynical. He does, on the other hand, protect monks,

pe-

especially those of the Abbey of Saint Victor, and is
intrigued by the new Dominican and Franciscan orders. If
he tires of Marseilles, he may try his hand at pretending to
the life of a Fran: i

Asprince, he isapractical ruler. He wasimpressed with
whathe has leamed of Blanche of Castileand Louis IX,and
he would not mind seeing Marseilles become part of the
royal domain. He has distanced himself from the politics of
the Grand Courtand the Courts of Love. He hasremained
neutral to efforts to involve him in the Albigensian Cru-
sade, but does hunt Cathar refugees he finds in his city.

Hispowerin Marseillesisrooted in histies tothe Order
of Bitter Ashes, Cainite Templars and Hospitalers, and
theirneed for Marseillesasasupply portfor Constantinople
and Outremer. He, himself, is skeptical about whether the
crusaders can capture and hold Jerusalem, but he is willing
to support others in their martyrdom.

The local Furores chafe at his pious insistence on
feeding only from laymen and not clergy, women or
children, and they openly struggle with him andhisclerical
supporters. Local Ravnosare equally frustrated by his piety,
but they prefer to tempt Regis into indulging his Beast,
knowing thathe will then be thereafter distracted by efforts
at penance.

Regismostrecently fell from hisroad when tempted by
the youths of the Children's Crusade. He killed several and
took othersasghouls. When he then retreated tohisgarden
in despair, a pair of Ravnos Sybarites took advantage of his
distraction to sell many of the remaining children into
slavery in Egypt. Other children escaped to Genoa. Saint
Regis has emerged from his melancholy and is determined
totrack down and slay those who led him into temptation,
and woe be to any Cainite whom he suspects of collusion

with them.



(HAPTER. CHREE:
Che hOLY
ROMAN EMPIRE

"The Holy Roman Empiresfiust remain safely in Ventrue
hands. We must not tolerate criticism of our traditional
ways from our own ranks. It is our duty to stop this and
to guarantee the safety of all Cainites within the Holy
Roman Empire."

—Hardestadt the Elder, ina speech before Mithras of

London

In 1230, the Holy Roman Empire is by far the largest
European power. Since the end of the 12th century, it encom-
passes the kingdoms of Germany and Italy as well as the
hereditary Kingdom of Sicily. Lower Italy is part of the latter,
so the Papal State lies embedded between two regions belong-
ing to the empire in Middle Italy. The Arabian rulers of Tunis
and Tripoli pay tribute to the empire. The kings of Cyprus and
Armenia have forsworn their oath of fealty to the Byzantine
Empire to be taken under the Holy Roman Empire's wing. It
truly is the center of power in Europe in the 13th century.


MORTALS

Frederick If — Holy Roman Emperor,
King of Sicily and Naples. An ambitious,
scheming monarch recently teturned from
Outremer and considering his options in
Northern Italy.

. Henry VII — King of Germany. Grand-
son of Henry VI, Son of Emperor Frederick II
and Constance of Aragon. Will soon oppose
his father and revolt openly in 1232.

Gregory IX — Pope. Reformer and politi-
cian interested in expanding and consolidating
papal power in Italy. Ally of Frederick II who
keeps his hand off Germany in exchange for
multiple concessions in Italy.

Hermann von Salza — Grandmaster of *
the Teutonic Order. This pious man led his
order's exodus east in 1226. Salza is intent on
founding a state in the east for the Teutonic
Knights to rule.

A Historical Overview

When Emperor Frederick I, also known as
Barbarossa ("Red-Beard"), died under mysterious cir-
cumstances in 1190, the Holy Roman Empire he had
led to new heights of power came into an era of both
growth and constant change. Barbarossa, the emperor
who had ruled by force, drowned on the Third Cru-
sade in the vicinity of a town called Saleph in Asia
Minor. Myth and gossip of all sorts soon surrounded
him, and he is said to sleep in the Kyffhauser Moun-
tain. According to legend, the ravens that circle his
resting-place will awake him when it is time to return,
that is when his empire is in the direst of needs.

TheMturn of the
M- Bearded Emperor

Barbarossa's successor, Henry VI, unified the
Holy Roman Empire with Italy. Under his reign, the
empire was at the summit of its power. In 1194, he

conquered the Kingdom of Sicily and became King of

the Normans—a daring move possibly inspired by his
clandestine supporters, the Norman faction of Ventrue
headed by Mithras. They received help from the

POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT

CAINITE.

Montano — (4th-generation Lasombra) First childe
of the clan founder of the Magisters. He rules the Castel
d'Ombro, his clan's main seat on the island of Sicily. Head
of the Amici Noctis.

Hardestadt the Elder — (5th-generation Ver
German member of the Clan of Kingship hailing from
Bavaria; the single predominant Cainite in the Holy
Roman Empire. Hisstatus has brought him many enemies,
and he has survived several attempts to end his unlife.

Julia Antasia — (5th-generation Ventrue) Head of
the Antasian faction in Frankfurt. She isa Cainite from the
Roman Empire who sees her clan differently than other
Patricians — mainly as lorekeepers, not as leaders of the

Cainite race. A paragon of the Road of Humanity.
Lotharius — (5th-generation Tremere) Prince of
Vienna; together with Etrius, he is the keeper of Tremet
torpid body.
Lord Jiirgenof

agdeburg—(6th-generation Ventrue)
Prince of Magdeburg and childe of Hardestadt

Lucius Comelius Scipio — (6th-generation Bruje
Promethean bom and sired in the Roman Empire. |
of a coterie of mercantile Brujah and other Cainites that
back up the Hanseatic League. Believes he can build anew
Carthage in Northem Germany.

Penelope — (7th-generation Cappadocian) Former
Spartanslave from ancientRome. Lucius'sformerloverand
long-time ally; a staunch believer in the Promethean ideal.

German Ventrue led by Hardestadt and his childe,
Lord Jiirgen of Magdeburg. When the emperor they
were protecting finally moved into Sicily, the Patri-
cians saw their chance to strike against the heartland
of their Lasombra enemies.

But Henry VI died unexpectedly in 1198, and so
both clans sought to establish their own candidate as
the new emperor. Both Philip of Schwaben
(Barbarossa's son), and the Guelph Otto IV of
Brunswick were elected King of Germany. The former
was the one the German Ventrue preferred to see as
Henry's successor, as he stood for a reign that was free
from clerical influence. Otto IV, however, was loyal
to the papacy, and he enjoyed clandestine support
from the Lasombra rooted within the Church. (For a
closer look at the corresponding factions among the
kine, the Guelphs and Ghibellines, see Chapter Five.)
When Philip died before the end of AD 1198, all
mortal factions recognized Otto's kingship. But the
German Ventrue were not so easily appeased.

Otto IV received the emperor's crown from the
pope in Rome in 1209, but he made the mistake of
attacking Sicily only a year later. Immediately, Pope


Innocent III excommunicated him and the Lasombra
withdrew the support they had secretly granted him.

In 1212, the German princes elected Frederick II
King of Germany. His crowning took place in Frank-
furt, under the watchful eye of the moderate Ventrue
faction called the Antasians. In the same year, the
Children's Crusade led by the 10-year-old Nikolaus
from Cologne shook the empire. This disaster cost the
Holy Roman Empire an estimated 20,000 children. In
the Cainite society, the prince of the city at the
Rhine, the Ventrue Giselher, banned Clan Lasombra
from his domain because he saw (or imagined) the
Magisters' hand behind the boy's folly. Giselher was
never able to prove that Nikolaus's visions of his duty
to collect other children and reclaim the Holy Land
were some clever Lasombra ruse, but the suspicion
was enough of an excuse for the Ventrue to move
against his political enemies while he had a chance.

While the populace commonly saw Frederick II,
with his strong family resemblance to his famous grand-
father, as the reborn Barbarossa come to lead his empire
to glory once again, he was actually a man who bought
his peace and success by making extensive concessions
to the Church. Where his grandfather had shown the
world the face of a warlike ruler at odds with the pope,
Frederick II was a man who preferred diplomacy and

Map of the
Holy Roman Empire

So en eee eee SES

<iq f= — + HOLY. ROMAN-EMPIRE -
nN Wa

even sacrifices of personal power to open conflict. His
tule was based on the example of the tightly organized,
clearly structured political system of his beloved King-
dom of Sicily, the home of his mother.

Pope Innocent III, Frederick II's guardian, died
before Frederick had been crowned in Rome. To get
the new Pope Honorius III's support, Frederick prom-
ised not to declare Sicily simply some part of the
imperial territory but to keep it a separate kingdom
that belonged to the Holy Roman Empire. Therefore,
Sicily retained a considerable amount of freedom.
This was an important concession to the Italian rulers
and the Guelphs as a whole. In 1213, Frederick's
Golden Bull of Eger confirmed the concessions that
Otto IV had made to the Church for fear of antagoniz-
ing the influential clerical lords of his Empire. Otto —
who sorely felt the absence of his former unseen
supporters — tried to maintain his rule fora while, but
he and the Guelphs were decisively defeated in the
Battle of Bouvines. Otto died powerless in the city of
Harzburg in 1218.

Frederick II wanted his son, Henry VII, to become
King of Germany, so he himself could finally withdraw
to Sicily. He was aware, though, that he could not attain
this goal without the Church's aid. He gained its support
by granting the German clerical lords even more rights

i{tlaning

Rhing

Magdeburg [if

Fcoldgne


in 1220, such as market, minting and toll rights as well
as jurisdiction. This action increased the Church's
worldly, political power even more and lessened the
influence of the respective worldly rulers.

Honorius honored Frederick's repeated concession
of privileges to the Church by officially crowning him in
Rome in 1220. The emperor in turn promised to start a
new crusade. Finally, Frederick II moved to Sicily to take
up permanent residence there after declaring his son
King of Germany:

In 1227, Frederick went on the promised Fifth
Crusade to re-conquer the Holy Land, buthe had to tum
back due to a plague. He reached northern Italy by the
end of spring, only tocome across villages filled with sick
and dying people wasting away amidst the bloated
bodies of others whom the plague had claimed days
before. Black abscesses covered the bodies of the in-
fected, and swollen, purple tongues lolled out of the
mouths of the corpses. This outbreak of the plague that
the mortals soon dubbed the Bulbous Death ravaged
entire areas of the empire before dying down as suddenly
as it had sprung up. Of course, whispered rumors told of
villagers worshipping infernal entities and forming un-
holy pacts. The swarms of ugly black flies crawling over
the festering corpses reminded every faithful Christian
of the works of the Lord of the Flies, the Corrupter. The
few Cainites who saw it and were knowledgeable enough
shivered as their minds leapt to legends of the feared

Baali. But although the Vatican sent several clerical
delegations to inquire, no proof for any infernal machi-
nations was ever found. Still, the unexpected wave of
this hitherto unknown species of plague kept the em-
peror from honoring his word at first.

Angry about the interrupted crusade and in need to
establish himself as a worthy successor to the politically
powerful Honorius, the newly appointed Pope Gregory
IX took the opportunity to excommunicate the em-
peror. In the following year, though, Frederick made a
second attempt to make good on his promise, and he
actually headed the Fifth Crusade this time in spite of the
ban. It ended in 1230, bringing Jerusalem back into
Christian hands by means of a treaty between the
emperor and Sultan al-Kamil. Frederick II added the
title King of Jerusalem to his impressive list of honors.
After returning to the Holy Roman Empire, the ban
against him was lifted, and in return, the pope received
special clerical rights in Sicily where the emperor again
took up residence.

This is the political landscape in which Cainites of the
Holy Roman Empire move during the War of Princes.
Frederick II still rules the Holy Roman Empire, and he
remainson the throne until hisdeath in 1250. Although the
emperor is far away in Sicily, seemingly aloof, and the
Church is strong on the continent, Frederick's loyal son
Henryrulesaskingin hisplace. Germany isaplace of relative
calm, peace and continuity, largely because of the emperor's


unparalleled long reign with its continuous jurisdiction,
stable living conditions and absence of large-scale conflicts.
Still, Frederick II's long reign assures stability only in
the realm of the kine — the War of Princes rages in the
realm of Cainites. Their conflicts are often aconsequence
of the important events in the lives of the kine around
them, as much as they would like to believe otherwise.

The Clan of Kingship

As far as the Children of Caine are concerned, the
entire Holy Roman Empire isthe domain of Clan Ventrue,
and it has been for many years. The Patricians have been
an important influence behind German rulers dating
back to Charlemagne, if not longer. Many Ventrue of
varying importance make permanent havens in the Holy
Roman Empire in the era of the War of Princes. No other
Cainite clan, faction or coterie can successfully get a
foothold in the Holy Roman Empire if the Patricians do
not allow it and no one dares oppose their rule. That, at
least, is the fagade that Clan Ventrue presents to the
outside world.

Factions of the Ventruc

It is not altogether true, though, as many other
Cainites have found their way into the Holy Roman
Empire. Cainites from the upper echelons of undead
society have no problem finding their place at some
Ventrue court as long as they do not contest the local
prince's status. The Low Clans tend to keep to rural
areas or stay on the move, shying away from Cainite
courts and shunning the attention of the rulers of the
night. The Prometheans have a power base in Ham-
burg where they support the Hanseatic League. Knights
of the Bitter Ashes travel the land acting as examples
for the Road of Kings. Some important followers of
the Road of Sin reside in Sicily, trying to infect those
close to the emperor (or, if rumors are to be believed,
Frederick himself), and the Nosferatu hide in leper
colonies, covertly helping those terminally sick out-
casts — or helping them die. The Ventrue are not
really as omnipresent in the Holy Roman Empire as
they would like other Cainites to believe.

Additionally, the unshakable interior unity of the
Ventrue is little more than a clever ruse. The Patricians
pretend to speak with one voice and deny any disagree-
ments within theirranks. This ostensibly united Ventrue
front is deeply split, however, into two very different
schools of thought.

The Patriarchs

No one is sure if the ruthless Cainites led by
Hardestadt chose this name for themselves or if their
political enemies first used the sobriquet. The Patriarchs

are not really a faction, but rather a loose assembly of
like-minded Cainites mainly from the ranks of the
Ventrue. Of course, members of other High Clans, share
many of their ideas and support them in wordsand deeds.
Even many Lasombra would share their opinions on
central political, moral and social issues, the ages-old
enmity between the two clans notwithstanding. Indeed,
even members of the Low Clans who follow the Road of
Kings might have political views similar to the Patri-
archs. But in the Holy Roman Empire, all the important
Patriarchs are Ventrue.

The Patriarchs are proud of the history of their clan,
and they constantly remind others of its glorious past
(and present). They regard any form of change asa threat
since the old ways have always served these Cainites best
and there is no real need to change them. Agents of
change, therefore, are regarded as highly suspicious. The
Patriarchs see themselves as the true nobility of the
night. The clan founder is considered the Dark Father's
favorite grandchilde, and from this special relationship,
the Ventrue infer that their unique role within Cainite
society is to lead. Theirs is a hard rule but a just one, and
the resistance of other Cainites of the empire to the
Ventrue's right to command often confuses them.

The Patriarch's power base in AD 1230 is Magdeburg
where Lord Jiirgen, childe of their central figure
Hardestadt, rules as prince.

The Antasians

The opposition to Hardestadt's and Jiirgen of
Magdeburg's Patriarchs is situated in Frankfurt. Influ-
enced by the ideals of the Methuselah Julia Antasia,
Ventrue gather here to revive the old traditions of the
Eternal Senate. Julia isa paragon of the Road of Human-
ity, embodying its principles in everything she does or
says. Her political goals for the Antasians — who are, in
truth, nothing but a large coterie of devout Prodigals —
are cooperation on an equal level and mutual protec-
tion. Every member has the same status. Anyone may
step up at the annual gatherings and voice opinions;
everyone has one vote and is accorded the same time to
make hispoint. The use of the blood-bome gifts of Caine
and especially the force of the blood oath deeply contra-
dict the ideals of this faction and are punished.

The Antasians are a recently founded faction con-
sisting only of Cainites on the Road of Humanity. Julia
Antasia regards the works of Rome, politically and
otherwise, as the shining achievement of man and
believes that those works would have endured had the
undead not made the city their playground. It is for this
reason that she is wary of listening to Cainites who walk
other roads, especially Scions and Sinners. She will
grant her time to the Faithful, but feels that the Road of
Heaven is nothing more than a specialized offshoot of

her own road (though she is careful not to voice this
belief, lest she offend).

In the eyes of other Ventrue of the Holy Roman
Empire—and especially in the eyes of Hardestadt—the
Antasians are a group of aloof idealists who don't know
what it means to be Prodigals. Clinging to the ideal of
Rome is a ridiculous effort with no chance to succeed,
seeing as how the very ideals they uphold failed once
before. Additionally, the idea that everyone should have
an equal voice is contrary not only to tradition, but to
God's natural order. Hardestadt demands that the
Antasians should accept the new role the Road of
Humanity has to play these nights — to walk among
mortals as the eyes and ears of the Scions.

The Antasians themselves face an uncertain future.
They are mostly young Cainites (their powerful patron-
ss aside) who can demonstrate neither great power nor
vast influence. In the nights to come, however, many
young Prodigals journey to Frankfurt to join the faction
or learn from Julia Antasia.

The Patrician Gambit

The fact that both factions are forced to show the
outside world a united face makes their internal rivalries
all the more bitter. Julia Antasia has labeled the tenuous

TRAVELING COURT

Every year, the head of the Patriarchs em-
barks on a journey through the Holy Roman
Empire to hold court in the most important
domains at regular intervals. He stays one or two
months in any given city to take care of the
problems his allies have in their respective do-
Juled for the
sojourn is over, or if all problems brought to his

mains. When the time he has sch

attention are settled, he travels on to the next
domain. He habitually spends the last two months
of the year in his Bavarian castle. There he sorts
through the extensive notes he takes on his
journeys and prepares the route for ne
traveling court.

The fact that Hardestadt follows Emperor

rlemagne's example in this habit of holding
court is not only proof that he is steeped in tradition
it also shows that he knows exactly how many
enemies lurk in the empire. Being
tate and never staying in one place for too long
makes him extremely hard to pin down for any
potential enemy who wants to assail him. It also
grants him the flexibility to show up anywhere at
any given crucial moment and use his political
leverage to bend things his way.

traveling poten-

stalemate situation that the two factions have reached
bynow "the Patrician Gambit." Careful not toadmit any
dissent to outsiders, the moderate Antasians and their
Patriarch counterparts engage in a cold war of covert but
painful blows, fighting for dominance in the Holy Ro-
man Empire (all the while desperately trying not to
unsettle the balance of power too much). Both groups
feel that a major shift in this balance of power must not
happen before the time is right to strike a decisive blow
against the rival faction. If it happens too soon, it may
provide a potential opening for other factions, clans or
roads to ascend to power within the empire, a develop-
ment both factions abhor and want to avoid.

Two further problems add to the crisis that the
German Venttue face. One is the fact that the worldly
power within the Holy Roman Empire gradually crumbles
under the reign of Emperor Frederick II. This process,
marked in the mortal world by the seemingly endless war
between the Guelphs and the Ghibellines and by the
immense concessions and grants of rights Frederick II
makes to the Church, strengthens clerical power within
the empire. A more frightening effect, as far as the
Patricians are concerned, is that the growing power of
the Church also cements the Magisters' influence in the
empire. The only significant countermove by the Ventrue
is their concerted effort to ingrain themselves even
deeper within the Church. The figurehead of this effort
is Fabrizio Ulfila, the Aryan bishop-turned-Ventrue
who will one day become the decisive vampiric power
behind the terrible Inquisition. In the 13th century,
though, he resides in Bologna, trying to influence the
Dominican Order to his clan's favor (see page 109).

The second and even bigger problem is that the
situation of the German Ventrue is mirrored on a larger
scale by the clan's internal struggles throughout Europe.
The European Ventrue front crumbles. Alexander, the
former Prince of Paris, has been ousted from his seat and
replaced by his own childe, Geoffrey, with the support of
the Toreador Matriarch Salianna. The French Patrician
eldertook refuge in Magdeburg, which worries Hardestadt
and Lord Jiirgen, as they are sure that he will not suffer
his exile quietly.

In the end, the Holy Roman Empire's Ventrue
might find themselves forced to do battle on too many
fronts during the War of Princes, which might ulti-
mately prove tobe the end of theirages-old predominance
in the heart of Europe.

Domains of the Ventrue

While it is by no means the only powerful clan in the
Holy Roman Empire, Clan Ventrue certainly claim the
largest amount of domain. The three major centers of
Ventrue power in the empire are Magdeburg, Frankfurt and

THE LED PRINCE
Alexander's forced sojourn in Magdeburg is
one of the effects of the power struggles within
the upperechelons of Clan Ventrue. The French
Patrician ruled in Paris for a long time until
and
r Two).
»w Alexander lies low in Magdeburg, lick-
nis wounds and recovering his pride. Lord

alianna's successful coup (see

s that he might have come to usurp
fter hav lost his own long-time
domain. Jiirgen might not be able to stop
nder if he chose this course of action, and
en if he could, domain and city alike would
certainly suffer tremendously. Thus, he treads
fully around his renowned guest and tries to
determine his plans.
In reality, Alexander couldn't care less for
Magdeburg as anyth: ther than a place to
hide. All his thoughts and plans revolve

re-conquering his beloved Paris, which is why he

looking to
ianna and his

has come to the Elbe. Alexand
gain allies with which to oust

treasonous childe Geoffrey, and he grows le
choosy about the ori and motives of those

allies with each passing year

Cologne. While Lord Jiirgen and Hardestadt command
more troops and are much better organized, the Antasians
and their supporters hold power in Frankfurt and Cologne,
and then could puta great deal of pressure on the Patriarchs
if necessary. A battle between the factions, should it ever
come to that, would have an uncertain conclusion, particu-
larly if other clans took sides.

Magdeburg: City Under the Black Cross

The city on the Elbe is the power base of the
Patriarchs. Although Hardestadt leads this faction, he
does not reside in Magdeburg. His main haven is the
remote Bavarian castle of his mortal birth, buthe israrely
found holding court there, having adopted the traveling
court style of earlier German rulers. Hardestadt is deeply
involved in internal power struggles of the Patricians
concerning all of Europe, so he leaves the fate of the
northeast Holy Roman Empire to his childe Jiirgen of
Magdeburg. Since he himself is usually present in the
southern half of the empire, the Patriarchs have the
empire in a kind of pincer-grip.

Magdeburg, the capital of Brandenburg, lies in an area
called the Magdeburg Borde, a fertile, lush region on the
northern border of the Harz Mountains. The city was first
mentioned in an official documentas "Magadoburg" in 805

in Charlemagne's Diedenhofen Capitular. The village lay at
the crossroads of two large trade routes with the river Elbe,
which proved beneficial for its growth. A small castle
fortified the settlement. In those nights, the Brujah Cedric
builthis lonely haven there andlaterdeclaredhimselfprince
as the city rose to prominence. For centuries, Cedric was the
only Cainite of note in the area.

This suddenly challenged in 1131, when an un-
known Lasombra Embraced Norbert von Xanten, the
Archbishop of Magdeburg. The power-hungry priest
soon became an equally ruthless Cainite whose influ-
ence in the area rivaled that of the prince.

In spring of 1188, a huge conflagration devastated
Magdeburg and claimed Cedric's unlife. In the course of
the enormous rebuilding measures starting later that
year, Archbishop Wichmann granted full city privileges
to Magdeburg. On the vampiric level, Lord Jiirgen,
former advisor to Cedric, followed him on the throne of
the prince. As soon as his power was secured, he banned
Norbert from his domain. The Lasombra did not go far,
though. He moved to Brunswick, the first major city that
did not fall under Jiirgen's sway. Norbert von Xanten
claimed domain in that city and has been a thorn in
Jiirgen's side ever since.

When Jiirgen returned from Hungary in 1222 (see
Under the Black Cross), he concentrated on stabilizing
his domestic power base. He surrounded himself by a
primogen and allowed the Nosferatu, the Toreador and
his own clan to name a representative. Jervais bani
Tremere also called ina boon owed to him by the Sword-
Bearer and gained a seat to speak for the Warlocks,
although Jiirgen took him in grudgingly at best. Over the
following years, Jiirgen has growing more accepting of
the Usurpers and even allowed them to establish a
chantry in the city.

Two problems trouble the Prince of Magdeburg's
mindthesenights. The first is Alexander, revered Ventrue
elder and exiled Prince of Paris, who has sought refuge in
his city. While the much older Patrician makes a public
show of deferring to Jiirgen in all things and recognizing
his power of office, his motives are quite unclear.

Jiirgen's other worry of late is a spy in the city.
Although he has not yet discovered who exactly is
feeding information to his sire, information he considers
sensitive, if not actually damning, he suspects Low Clan
treachery.

Actually, he'sright, up toapoint. Jiirgen's long-time
prisoner, the Caitiff Albin the Ghost escapes the city in
1230. He reenters Magdeburg later that year and acts as
a spy for Hardestadt who feels that his once trusted
childe has become too independent and may be keeping
secrets. Albin, however, has other interests as well —
interests that may either grant him his freedom or cost
him his existence (see page 74).

THE MYTH OF THESLEEPING EMPEROR

Every land has its legend, every people its once-
greatkingslumberingbeneath ahill. Legendsevolve
about him waking up in a time of dire threats and
pain, leading his people to war, emerging victori-
ous, ruling his people again and leading it back to
its former glor any great names are related with
such hopes, including Arthur, Brian Boru, Knez
Lazar, Charlemagne and even the Christian Mes-
siah. For the Holy Roman Empire, the sleeping
emperor is Frederick Barbarossa.

It is said that he rests in the Kyffhauser, a small
mountainous region in the eastern part of the
empire, sleeping until the empire needs his guiding
hand again. Only 50 years have passed since the
great emperor was fatally wounded during the Third
Crusade after a great victory at Ikonion. The em-
peror drowned while crossing a river in the
Calycadnus region close to the city today called
Saleph. His corpse was never found, and in 1230, he
is an immortal legend.

ome people believed his grandson, Frederick
Il, to be the returned Barbarossa. Others whisper
about having seen Barbarossa at night, though, far

rankfurt
The "Franks' ford" is not among the oldest towns of
the Holy Roman Empire, but after its first mention in
AD 794, the city grew steadily in si
According to local myth, the place got its name when

and importance.

Charlemagne and his Franks had to flee from the Saxons
during the war and reached a river. There, a white doe
and its young appeared. The animals croseed the water
and the Franks followed them through the ford and thus
reached the safety of the other riverbank.
Charlemagne, King of the Franks, called an impe-
ankfurt Synod," in 794.

The town was relatively small then, but already famous

rial gathering, the so-called "F

for its market. The Franconian court that had been
erected on the so-called Dome Hill housed the
Franconian high nobility for halfa year. In the following
centuries, the city outgrew the Dome Hill. The court
becameapalatinate, the residence of theeast Franconian
Carolingians. In 950, Julia Antasia reached Frankfurt.
Now, 280 years later, the city is still a bustling center of
trade and commerce. Julia Antasia is the unquestioned
Prince of Frankfurt, and true to her liberal ideals, she
counters the Patriarchs' conservative style witha certain
amount of cosmopolitan open-mindedness.
In 1152, the German lords elected Frederick | as
ngin Frankfurt. From that time on, every Ge

asairtronvhis arovidetin residence in Sicily. ‘They
say he seems older and wiser than the emperor on
the throne. They claim he is surrounded by an aura
of power and serenity he never had while he was
alive. But these reports are dismissed as myths born
from the minds of men and women who crave the
great emperor's return. And as those who knew
him in life grow old and die, the reports claiming
he walked among his people at night fade as well.
What remains is the legend that he rests bene:
the Kyffhauser waiting for a time of need to rise
again. But that time hasn't come yet.

Rumors spread among the undead of the Holy
Roman Empire after Barbarossa's strange death,
too. The fact alone that no corpse was e
led many to believe that he had been taken into
the ranks of the Cainites. Rumor among the
Ventrue has it that both Hardestadt and Julia
Antasia had vied for influence on the emperor and
that the Roman Methuselah had been more suc-
cessful in her efforts. But even the Antasians have
neither seen him after his death nor have they
found proof that he has actually been Embraced.

er found

was elected in Frankfurt. The Frankfurt Fair dealing with
grains, wood, wool, wax, wine and cattle was established
in the 12th century, and it added to the prestige of the
city. The erection of the city's wall, the Staufenmauer,
fortified the city, and the Teutonic Knights founded a
house of the order in Sachsenhausen, a city on the south
bank of the Main across from Frankfurt. The fencing
ankfurt had the right to pass their title on to
others during the Frankfurt Fair and make them mem-

masters of Fi

bers of the Brotherhood of Saint Marx, a brotherhood of
fencing champions. This was a special privilege ac-
corded to Frankfurt's citizens by the Roman kings,
making Frankfurt the only place in the Holy Roman
Empire where someone was able to become a recognized
fencing master.

Atthe beginning of the 13th century, Frankfurt was
an important merchant and artisan town surrounded by
lush meadows and grain-fields. In 1219, the year of the
imperial gathering at Frankfurt where toll, minting and
justice reforms were established, Frederick II gave the
community a site to erect a chapel. This house of
worship, later called Saint Leonhard, was under imme-
diate protection of the empire. The emperor granted the
citizens the right to name the priest for this new church.
Frankfurt changed from a palatinate under the rule of a
lieutenant of the king to a city ruled by a Schultheif (city

governor) in the name of the emperor. Citizens of

ao
cg A
+ DARKAGES El Y ~aae


Frankfurt took over man-
agement and jurisdiction jobs,
which had been handled by court officials thus

far. A senate now ruled the city and its roughly 10,000
inhabitants, much to Julia Antasia's delight.

¥

Cologne

In 19 BC, the Roman general Agrippa, friend and
son-in-law of Emperor Augustus, ruled as the emperor's
governor in the Gaulish provinces. He founded a settle-
ment for the Germanic tribe called Ubians he relocated
from the right to the left bank of the Rhine. The center
of this settlement, the oppidum Ubiorum, was a well-
known place of worship in the Empire, called Ara
Ubiorum. Shortly thereafter, Agrippa returned to Rome
to be Embraced by Julia Antasia.

Agrippa's mortal granddaughter Agrippina was born
in the year AD 15 in the Ubian settlement and married
Emperor Claudius later. Her grandfather gently influ-
enced her from behind the scenes, and in the year AD
50, she had her husband grant city rights and anew name
to her place of birth. This name consisted of a short
history of the city: Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium,
"the city that was founded under Claudius' reign at the
place of worship according to Agrippina's wishes." Vet-
erans, retired soldiers of the legions garrisoned at the
Rhine and their families, artisans and merchants settled
in the new colonia.

In the 20 years after its founding, the colonia was
surrounded by a city wall more than two miles in length

with nine gates and
21 towers, a move par-

tially instigated by Agrippa who also
settled in the city in AD 60.

In AD 90, the Roman military sectors on the Rhine
became provinces through an administrative reform.
Cologne was now the capital of lower Germany, the
governor resided in the city's praetorium (mayor's c :
Agrippa stilled claimed Cologne as his domain, and he
usually exerted subtle influence on the mayor ifhe felt it
necessary.

In 310, Emperor Constantine had the Castle of
Deutz erected on the bank of the Rhine to protect the
borders. It was connected to the city by a permanent
bridge. Later, in 401, the Roman legions were called
back from the border at the Rhine, and Cologne was
tuled by the Franks. Agrippa moved south along the
river and left the area free from Cainite influence for
quite a while. A group of Christian mages settled in the
city and remained for over 400 years. In 860, a coterie of
Cainitesled by the Ventrue Giselher, achilde of Agrippa,
tried to re-conquer Cologne by burning down the Dome
using mortal minions and thus killing or driving off the
spellcasters. The conflagration struck a mighty blow
against the Christian mages (although it did not drive
them off completely), and Giselher was able to settle in
Cologne with his retinue. He declared himself prince of
the city.

In 1230, Prince Giselher still rules the Cainites of
the city on the Rhine. The open-minded Patrician has
made the ancient city a bustlingcenter of commerce that


serves as a meeting point for Cainites from all over
Europe. In close cooperation with virtually all other
clans except for the Lasombra (whom he hates for an
earlier attempt to usurp his power) he has created a very
supportive climate for the Cainites' intrigues. Giselher
tules with acalm hand, for he has powerful allies. He has
protected and supported the Nosferatu throughout his
reign, and little escapes their notice (and therefore that
of the prince).

Giselherisadeeply respected, almost admired Prince.
His principles are based on the tenets his grandsire, Julia
Antasia, taught him, and so Cologne becomes increas-
ingly important as a secondary center of the Antasians
which like Frankfurt, draws its appeal both from its
worldly wealth and its open-minded ruler.

Beyond the
Patricians' Mach

Asmuchasthey mightclaim otherwise, the Ventrue's
grip on Germany and the Holy Roman Empire is not
undisputed. Prague, nominally the domain of Josef Zvi,
isactually the haven ofa much older and more ambitious
Cainite. Hamburg and Vienna both fall outside of the
influence of both factions of the Ventrue. The lands east
of the Elbe are not Patrician domain, as much as this
chafes Lord Jiirgen.

Prague - Che Golden City

In the last nights before the turn of the century,
Rudolf Brandl, vassal of Mithras and German Ventrue
Prince of the Golden City, approached Josef Zvi. Zvi was
the leader of the domain's Nosferatu and defender of the
ghetto and the old town. Brandl was annoyed with Zvi's
isolationist policy, so he demanded that the Nosferatu
leader open up the ghetto's gates so that the prince's
retinue could hunt there. Josef Zvi, for his part, hated the
good-looking, vainglorious Patrician. He turned him
down, and the prince flew into a rage. He repeated his
demand in 1199, this time in the form of an official order
to a lesser. When the ghetto's gates remained closed,
Brandl decided to teach the insolent Leper a final lesson.
He sent several specially trained, heavily armed ghouls
to drag Josef Zvi from his hole and destroy him, thus
making an example that was meant to discourage all
other potential dissidents. When the prince's ghouls
reached Josef Zvi's haven in the ghetto shortly before
nightfall, they found it deserted. When they returned to
Prince Brand]'s private chambers to report their failure,
they only found a pile of ashes lying in his canopied bed.
Josef Zvi had discovered Brandl's plans, and while the
ghouls had searched and laid waste to his haven, he had

SEUROPE: 4

used the secret passageways of Prague known only to his
clan, made his way into the arrogant Ventrue's private
chambers and slew him.

Josef Zvi was lucky. Although Mithras was enraged
when he found out about Brand's destruction, other, more
pressing matters kept him from intervening directly in
Transylvania. So, after destroying Rudolf Brandl, Josef Zvi
started searching for people who would support hisclaims for
power. He renewed the alliance with the Premysls, a mortal
noble family whohadruled the city forgenerations. Littledid
Zviknow that bysiding with thedecadentaristocrats, he had
attracted the interest of a far greater evil that had slumbered
under the Golden City of Prague for ages: that of Shaagra,
the Tzimisce Methuselah.

Inhermortal days, Shaagra was worshipped asa fertility
goddess by a small Slavic tribe called the Vroi. Shortly after
she had passed on the leadership to her favorite granddaugh-
ter,awoman called Libussa, she was Embraced by an ancient
Fiend in whose domain her tribe had made camp. Shaagra
then made Libussa her ghoul in order that she would be able
to provide strong leadership to the Vroi forever. Not long
after her tribe had permanently settled in the region where
Prague would one day be located, Shaagra sank into torpor.
Her mind remained active, though, and she kept pursuing
her agendas through some chosen mortal members of the
Premysl family. Butin the late 12th century, the Methuselah
slowly started to wake, and her hunger was extreme. Even in
herhalf-torpid state, she realized that only Cainite vitae was
sufficient toslake her thirst, and her mind reached out to the
lands above her slumbering form.

When vampires began disappearing in Prague in the
first decade of JosefZvi's rule, especially visiting Tremere,
the Warlocks represented by Ardan of Golden Lane
insisted on a full investigation of the problem. The new
Prince of Prague set upon this task with great fervor to
stop the threat to the city's Cainite population for fear of
losing the vast privileges the Lepers had never before
enjoyed. Soon, some of the younger members of the
Nosferatu found clear evidence that pointed toa certain
tuined castle outside the city.

When Josef Zvi went to the forlorn castle one night
to discover what had caused him so much trouble, he
realized too late that his clanmates' investigations had
not been clandestine enough. The ancient Fiend, who
had just finished exsanguinating an emissary from Vienna,
awaited him, covered in Tremere blood, very much
awake, active and decided to once again play a decisive
part in the political fate of Bohemia. She bullied the
terrified Nosferatu Prince — Zvi was shrewd, but by no
means able to stand up to a Methuselah — into becom-
ing her pawn. Although Shaagra was a relic from a time
long past, she was clever enough to realize that she
needed someone to guide her through her first years in
this strange new age.

7 eM ES ara

Hedesperately

y —beingahelples
was bad enough. His chance came in 1211 when Zelios, the
roamingNosferatuarchitect, paidhimavisitin the Hra
Choosing the lesser of two evils, Josef Zvi confided in his
clanmate and accepted a blood oath to him voluntarily,
believing that the soft-spoken, revered builder of castles
would never exploit it.
In the meantime, Shaagra had decided on a politic
course of action. She had reviewed the efforts of the various
zimisce inall of Transylvania, starting with herownchilder
and their descendants whom she regarded as her natural
choiceinallies. TheancientFiendfound ViadimirRustovich,
the Voivode of Voivodes and her own grandchilde, very much
to her li At that time, Rustovich faced attacks by the
Order of Teutonic Knights that King Andreas I of Hungary
had called upon to rid his holdings fro an Cumans.
They fulfilled this quest but tried to create a state within the
state while they were in Eastern Europe. When Shaagra
recognized the Patricians' hand behind these German pre-
tenders, she decided to back Rustovich,andherhelp became
invaluable when she aided him in repelling Lord Jiirgen of
Magdeburg and his army. She gained an important ally in
Myca Vykos, a Fiend from Constantinople who could tell
herabout the great ci ./ iz ady stood
in open opposition to Jiirgen. The Transylvanian moun-
tains reverberated with both Fiends' laughter when the
thema decent number of
beat a hasty retreat and

ied. Her ultimate goal
Holy Roman Empire.
If the despised Ventrue can push east, why should she
who exceeds this puny Hardestadt and riv:
tae her territorie:

fardeneatal cheba in de Cainite politi
Europe since the time of her torpor —and th
noticed she considers tri ancient Fiend's
gance might prov

Mongol hordes arriv

Bulbous Death

When a finally felt she had learned enough
about the rules and customs of this new age and the

sry between her torpor and kening, she de-
cided to force a blood oath upon J But Josef Zvi
was more aware of his own minion status and of the fate
that eventually awaited him than Shaagra knew. The
Prince of Pra; ages er Move to make
him her slave and sti aagra believe she had
turned him into < t. The only one who knows
about his ruse is the } tu architect Zelios, and he

+ HOLY. ROMAN EMPIRE ~

io,


—++

will not betray Josef for fear of Shaagra's revenge. Still,
Josef's options are somewhat limited by the fact that any
open opposition against Shaagra and her insane dreams
of conquest would make the Methuselah aware that
she's been tricked.

So, Josef Zvi relies on the things his clan tradition-
ally excels at: stealth and secrecy. In his frantic search for
away out of his dilemma, Josef stumbles upon a myth of
his clan. An ancient Nosferatu who has shaped Euro-
pean affairs in the past is supposed to lie in torpor under
the city of Frankfurt. He is called Angiwar, the Dragon,
and he is said to be a former Germanic warrior. Josef Zvi
is sure that Angiwar would not want Shaagra to invade
the territory he claims as his domain, so the Prince of
Prague hopes to enlist Angiwar's help in subtle efforts of
resistance against his "mistress." Perhaps in the end, he
can manipulate the two ancient ones to destroy each
other or at least persuade Angiwar to deal with his
nemesis Shaagra, making him, Zvi, Prince of Prague in
fact as well as name.

In hopes of reaching this ultimate goal, Josef Zvi
sends messengers to look for Angiwar all over Europe.
Instead of finding the help Zvi so desperately looks for,
though, the messengers disappear... but not before
spreading the seed of disease. Shaagra doesn't know any
details about those minor Cainites her "puppet" Zvi
sends on insignificant errands (and frankly, she doesn't
care), but she sees them as a welcome tool to weaken
possible obstacles in her way to conquer the lands in he
west. She therefore infects the young Cainites that leave
her sphere of influence for unknown destinations by
feeding them tainted blood. The blood that Josef's
messengers ingest before journeying west carries a foul
derivative of leprosy that Shaagra has designed in a kind
of alchemical warfare. It does not affect its undead
carriers at all, but humans they feed upon become
infected with what mortals of the time dubbed "the
Bulbous Death." One of those plague-bearers was, in
fact, the cause for the disease that stopped Emperor
Frederick II's first attempt for a Fifth Crusade.

The trip to the northwest is a long and hazardous
one, and Angiwar's followers kill those few uninvited
siblings who finally make it to the Dragon's domain to
stop them from spreading disease among the elder's herd.
So, Zvi's plans are countered without him even noticing,
and the chances that he'll find out any time soon are
slim, for none of his messengers return to tell the tale. If,
however, a traveling coterie of undead not associated
with Prague or Zvi went west to investigate the messen-
gers' fate for him, they might escape Shaagra's attention.
If this group manages to pass on Josef's information to
Angiwar or some of his followers and gain their interest,
nights in Prague might change somewhat.

Vienna:
Bastion of the Usurpers

In 1230, a vampire who says "Vienna" thinks
"Tremere," but Vienna and its surroundings have not
been inthe center of Cainite interest for very long. In the
face of the thaumaturgists' immense presence in the
metropolis at the Danube, it is all too easily forgotten
that Cainite history in Viennadidnotstart with Lotharius
preparing the move to Austria. Vienna's history before
1230 is shaped by two very different kinds of rulers: the
Romans and the Babenberger family. Strictly speaking,
the era defining Vienna's past started only with the
Roman presence in the area and the influence of the
Roman Ventrue Valerianus thathad almost ended in his
destruction.

TheMmans Che VBeginning of
Civilisation

Around AD 50, the Romans fortified the military
camp of Vindobona in the province of Noricum. Under
Valerianus's tutelage, a tent city with almost 20,000
inhabitants arose around the military camp. Valerianus
Embraced childer from both the pagan natives and the
Romans and established his line thus as the dominant
Cainites of the city

In AD 166, the Tzimisce Jorska manipulated a
barbarian tribe called Markomans into attacking the
Roman camp. Valerianus intended to relocate the Ger-
manic tribe into Bohemia, and Jorska had no need for
even more uncivilized warriors flooding his homeland
which bordered on the Roman territories to the east.
The Romans fought back the attack and conquered the
Markomans — no doubt their generals had subtle stra-
tegic aid from the experienced Roman leader. After that,
the Roman fort began to gain more than just military
importance. In the 1,000 years before, only a few Illyrian
and Celtic settlers had stopped by the riverbanks of the
Danube and the Wien river to eke out a meager living.
The Romans now erected stone houses with floor heat-
ing, water pipes and toilets, created paved streets and
monumental walls. In 213, Vindobona finally obtained
city rights when Valerianus pressed for it and used his
contacts in the Eternal City to polish his domain's status.

Doing so, however, required him to leave the city
and return to Rome fora time. He left his childer behind
and in charge. He planned to return in glory, at which
point he intended to declare himself pater patriae, father
of the fatherland, in the old Roman style and establish
an Cainite senate to help him rule. To this end, he had
cast his lot with a family of Austrian nobility, the

$92 eee -DARKAGESEUROPE - femmes =. 3 3,2: >
Ss DARKAGESEUROPE 4% ae,

Babenbergs, and worked on long-time strategies to get
them to power.

But other Cainites had set their sites on Valerianus's
city. A group of Nosferatu, led by a mysterious figure
calling himself the Pawnbroker, murdered the Roman
Ventrue's childer and seized power in his absence, and
they were not about to give it up when he returned.
Valerianus cast about for allies, and he found the re-
cently Embraced Tremere Etrius. As Etrius had used his
sorcerous might to protect Vienna in the past, Valerianus
guessed that he would help drive the Pawnbroker from
the city. The Ventrue promised the Tremere protection
from their foes if they would side with him against the
Pawnbroker and his ilk. Using the conquest of Vienna
under the Hungarian king Matthias | Corvinus as a
cover, some Tremere managed to slip into Vienna aided
by Valerianus without the Nosferatu noticing. Calling
on the resources of both undead soldiers and mortal
magi, Gargoyles and magical constructs attacked the
Lepers by night while ghouls in service to the Ventrue
hunted them by day. After less than two months, the
ancient Ventrue's claim for domain was undisputed.

Etrius was satisfied to Embrace the mortal mages of
the Vienna chantry, which he himself had built in AD
920, slowly and carefully, a task that would not be
completed until 1185, after the diablerie of Saulot and
the Tremere's rise to power as a clan.

Valerianus himself died under the fangs of Tzimisce
for his role in aiding the Usurpers at a time when they
could have been crushed. The Vienna chantry suffered
some losses, but the Tremere there fought back as best
they could and weathered the storm. In 1155, Etrius
called in old favors and installed Lotharius, as prince in
the Ventrue Methuselah's stead, although Filaereus,
another of his childer, leads the chantry. One day soon,
when the city is safe in the hands of his house and clan,
Etrius will relocate the clan's most important chantry to
what is today called the first district and have the
immense material and intellectual treasures of the
Tremere brought to the city from Hungary. In prepara-
tion, Lotharius has supported and covertly funded a
movement among the mortal populace to have the
medieval city wall that completely surrounds the Inner
City expanded and renewed. Immediately beyond these
walls are farming and fishing villages that supply the
majority of the food for Vienna's human inhabitants and
serve as hunting grounds for any Cainite who does not
want to be too close to the center of the Usurpers' power.

The Magus Prince has started to turn Vienna into
the city — or fortress — of his clan. Even now, chambers
are carved into the very earth beneath the city. Etrius
and Lotharius form the city to the clan's image. As of yet,
however, Etrius's plans for Vienna's unique political

concepton the Cainite level —a domain ruled by aclan
rather than a prince and nominally headed by a council
whose members are puppets of the Tremere — are still
ina very preliminary stage. In more than one respect, the
city lies at a crossroads. It is located at the intersection
between the Alps and the Pannonian valley, and it is the
border between east and west for mortals and Cainites
alike. Vienna has a large Jewish population that is
allowed to settle down, buy land and trade, which is
exceptional for the Dark Medieval. The harbor situated
where the Amber Road from the North crosses the
Danube adds to the city's wealth. The whole Inner City
isin anarchitectural frenzy, new buildings seem to spring
up daily. Vienna in 1230 truly is an industrious city and
the Usurpers are in the middle.

Hamburg: Free City of the
Hanseatic League

The City on the Elbe is a huge port and one of the
most important centers of commerce in the Holy Roman
Empire. It is also the center of the Hanseatic League, a
community of merchants from Northern Germany. A
very peculiar Cainite calls himself prince of the city, but
he actually wields almost no real power within the city.

Early History

Early in the ninth century, the Franks under
Charlemagne vanquished the Saxons and reached the
Elbe. They erected a walled fortress close to the old
Saxon village of Hamm (the name is derived from the
old German word ham, meaning "marshland").

In the 10th century, Archbishop Adaldag was able
to reestablish the Hamburg See, the original having
been destroyed bya Viking raid in AD 845. He expanded
the castle and the settlement alike and provided the
town with market rights. In the meantime, many arti-
sans and merchants had settled there. With them came
Midian, a Malkavian of unknown origins who found the
small town empty of Cainites.

By 950, Hamburg had approximately 500 inhabit-
ants. In 966, the German king and Saxon Duke I
established the Saxon Hermann Billung as ruler of the
ever-growing settlement. He was backed by the Roman
Brujah Lucius Cornelius Scipio and his companion and
erstwhile lover, the Greek Cappadocian Penelope who
came to the city fleeing Cainite upheaval in Ravenna
(see Chapter Five). They sought to establish a peaceful
coexistence with Hamburg's mortals while helping them
advance culturally, scientifically and economically. Still,
Hermann Billung and his Brujah patron could not pre-
vent the second destruction of the prospering Hanseatic
settlement by the Germanic Obotrite tribe in 983.


The 11th century was a time of open rivalry
between Midian, who had begun to cultivate influ-
ence in the Church, and Lucius who backed the more
secular powers. In 1045, Bernhard II from the Billung
family had a tower fortress built beyond the castle
walls, the so-called Alster Castle, to prevent the
archbishops from having the most glorious building
in town. His son Ordulf erected the New Castle with
its extensive basement levels (of which the Brujah
happily took advantage).

By 1050, Hamburg had about 900 inhabitants, half
of whom were clerics — an unusual state of affairs, and
one that demonstrated Midian's power. The Malkavian
declared himself prince in 1054. At the same time,
Hamburg's merchants took up mercantile relationships
to the north and the east, reaching Iceland, Greenland
and Finland. After Hamburg had again been conquered
and destroyed by the Obotrites twice in 1066 and 1072,
the Church's power dwindled, and the archbishopric
moved to Bremen. Midian stayed behind and sunk into
a state of somber, bitter despair.

Recent Events

When the Billungline died out in 1106, the Saxonian
Duke Lothar gave Holstein, Wagria and Stormarn (in-
cluding Hamburg) asfiefdomsto AdolfII of Schauenburg.
Heandhis heirsruled benevolently —again with the aid
of the pair of Prometheans who had been quick to
establish their power behind the new ruling family.
While Midian nominally was prince of the city, Lucius
and Penelope chartered its course. Hamburg blossomed
like never before. The marshlands south of the city and
even some of the closest islands were surrounded by dams
and added to the city grounds. In early 1189, a new
political alliance began to bud: The Antasian Ventrue
contacted the Brujah, and preliminary talks showed that
their mutual ideas, philosophies and concepts were quite
compatible. Emperor Frederick Barbarossa granted the
city of Hamburg freedom from tolls for commerce and
ship trade on the Elbe, among other privileges. Mean-
while, the 1,500 inhabitants elected an aristocratic
council in 1190 and erected two town halls in 1200.

This was the time Midian's atrocities began. His
mind had completely shattered by the utter failure of
his efforts to rule Hamburg through clerical means.
His first reaction was to demand that the Prometheans
stop acting as benefactors of the Hanseatic mer-
chants, bow down to him, swear fealty and "show him
the respect he was due." When Lucius simply refused,
the Madman retreated to his haven to brood, but he
did not approach the Brujah again.

It was only when letters arrived from various
princes asking for the fate of messengers they had sent
to the city that Lucius and Penelope discovered the

hideous truth. Midian had received many diplomats
from different courts of the Holy Roman Empire and
diablerized them. Incorporating their souls into the
hive of his fractured mind, he created the court he
never had. Now, Midian sits alone in the vast recep-
tion hall of his gray stone tower, brooding and holding
elaborate conversations with a host of courtiers who
exist only in his imagination — or perhaps they still
pulse in his blood.

Lucius was deeply shocked by this discovery,
while Penelope (a follower of the Road of Bones) was
fascinated by Midian's actions. Used to studying death
in all of its forms with a cold detachment, she began
watching the mad "prince" from a distance and some-
times even distracted investigators who got too close
to discovering his guilty secrets by laying false trails —
a course of action which she has not shared with
Lucius. She knows that her former lover, a Prodigal,
would not approve, but deems it necessary to protect
him. Fortunately, Midian's court seems to be com-
plete, so Cainites who wish to pay homage to the
Prince of Hamburg can do so without risking a cruel
death at his fangs. Any visitor who hears Midian's
whispers to his invisible court assumes no worse than
that the prince is mad, which is true, of course. So far,
only one visitor guessed at the truth and tried to
report home. That unfortunate emissary, a French
Toreador, had looked too deeply into Midian's mind,
but he was efficiently dispatched by Penelope before
he could send word of his findings.

Both Lucius and Penelope keep silent about their
discovery. Not even the perpetrator himself knows
that someone is in on his repulsive secret. If word
about his outrages were to leak out, Midian would
meet Final Death more swiftly than the Prometheans
could react, for all of the Cainite courts affected by his
atrocities would rush to bring him to justice. But
Midian can play an important role for the ancient
Roman Brujah. Lucius has no intention to declare
himself prince because his interests in Hamburg and
beyond lie elsewhere. He wants to grant continued
support to the Hanseatic League and use it to spread
his Promethean ideas throughout Europe. So he stays
behind the scenes and keeps the Madman in "power"
to use him as a scapegoat should a really serious
problem ever arise in Hamburg. Conveniently "dis-
covering" a mad diablerist in their midst and leaving
him the blame for whatever has upset the domain
would leave Lucius's power untouched. This strategy,
while tactically and politically sound, is morally rep-
rehensible to Lucius, and it eats away at him nightly.
He knows that he may soon have to either expose
Midian for what he is or make some drastic change in
his road, and Penelope isn't sure that either of those
options is acceptable.


Meanwhile, the relations between the Antasians
and the Hanseatic Prometheans continue to im-
prove. On several occasions, Lucius and Penelope
have proven themselves as staunch allies against
Hardestadt's Patriarchs, especially since Magdeburg
and its ambitious ruler, Jiirgen, are not too far away.

Life and Unlifein Hamburg

The Hamburg citizens are proud people living in
a wealthy city dedicated to commerce. It is in these
years that Hamburg earns the moniker "the gate to
the world"; there are not many other places in the
Holy Roman Empire where one can find such a
diversity of goods and of people from all over the
world. In their pride, the Hanseatic merchants de-
mand an exceptional status for themselves and their
bustling trade port. Hamburg is more a part of the
Hanseatic League in its function as a trade empire
than being part of the Holy Roman Empire. It keeps
its riches within the city and the League, and the
empire doesn't profit much from it. The economic
standard is far higher than elsewhere in the empire,
and the rich, self-confident merchants will continue
shaping their own destiny.

Hamburg's Cainites (except for Midian, of course)
are a tightly knit bunch. The city's few Cainites
staunchly support the Hanseatic League and present
a united front against the German Ventrue's claims

for domain in the empire. Since the city is so impor-
tant for traders, however, Lucius is hard pressed to
know who's in the city at any given time since Midian
doesn't bother trying.

Sicily: TheTsle under the
Shadow

In the mortal world, Sicily is the southernmost
part of the Holy Roman Empire. The Papal State and
the various small Italian city-states (see Chapter
Five) separate it from the main part of the empire. In
the Cainite realm, this island off the south coast of
Italy is the bastion of the Lasombra. Just as the
Venture have anear stranglehold on Cainite affairs in
Germany, the Magisters are easily the most powerful
clan in Sicily. Also like Germany, the isle under the
shadow sees internal power struggles within the clan.
Here, where the Castel d'Ombro close to Siracusa
marks the heart of the Magisters, rivalries are just a
little more brutal than 1.

In 1230, two major factions of Lasombra fight for
dominance on the island. The Muslim Ashirra are con-
tinually losing ground in Iberia, which only strengthens
their commitment to keep and expand what power they
have in Sicily. The Christian Lasombra who fc
lowed the Crusades and whofighta bitter war of resis
against the smothering Ventrue dominance in the Holy


Roman Empire likewise cannot afford to lose any lever-
age on the island that is the main seat of their clan.
Withall theirbickeringand infighting, the Magisters
were not ready for the simple twist of fate that brought
them direct access to the single most important mortal
inthe Holy Roman Empire. Caught up in fond memories
of his childhood days, Emperor Frederick II chose to
relocate his residence from cold Germany to the lovely
island in the Mediterranean Sea. In theory, this would
have been the ideal time for all Magister factions present
in Sicily to start weaving intricate nets of influence. But
having the emperorsuddenly in their midst, the Lasombra
(usually masters of stealth and clandestine manipula-
fectively. While the
leaders of the various factions struggled to make a
decision, a young Latin Lasombra decided to act. An-
gered by the slow, tedious way his elders went about the
problem at hand, he started to edge closer to Frederick,
intending to bind the emperor and use him as leverage
fora brilliant career within the clan. In this instance, the
Amici Noctis (see page 86) did not hesitate. Before the
young Cainite could even get close to the emperor, he

tions), seemed unable to act ef

was attacked and destroyed. Even his name is considered
anathema, and it is never spoken among the Magisters.

The Muslim faction —orQabilat al-Khayal—led by
the Nubian sage and storyteller Ngalo Umbeke has had
the greatest success in gaining influence with the em-
peror so far. Frederick has always been fond of Arab
culture, and he especially admires the sophistication of
the Arab scientists and philosophers. Surrounding him-
self with Arab counselors, some of whom are extremely
influential in his day-to-day decisions, has brought him
under the tut
specifically to gain influence with the emperor for their
faction. These two are bitter rivals of Boukephos, one of
Lasombra's childer, who has always been a consummate
wanderer, but who comes to Sicily often to act as leader
of the Latin faction. Ngalo Umbel
confers with the emperor personally in late-night meet-

lage of two learned men who stay in Sicily

sometimes even

ings, because Frederick is simply fascinated by the
towering man with the night-black skin who has the
looks of a warrior prince from the desert, but the gentle
manners and quiet competence of a true sage. The two
men take long nocturnal walks on Sicily's beaches,
discussing philosophy and new ideas. Of course, an
important man like Frederick is never without his per-
sonal guard, elite fighters who would not hesitate to give
their lives to save his. Additionally, both factions of
Lasombra watch these nightly meetings closely. This is
why Ngalo has never even attempted a direct move to
gain more direct influence over the emperor. Getting a
chance to plant ideas in the emperor's ear is more than
enough for the Nubian.

These consultations might soon come to an end,
though. Montano, the childe of Lasombra himself and

de facto prince of the island, has never showed any
allegiance to one of the two religiously motivated fac-
tions. He has made specifically clear, though, that he is
less than happy about the connection between Ngalo
and the emperor for his own reasons, and his minions are
even now moving to neutralize it.

Another key player in the race for the emperor's soul
and mindis Su'uan. The Setite was born in Rome under the
tuleofNeroandhassince become ahigh priestess of Set. Her
sire Nefer-Kiti saw Frederick II ina vision and believes him
to carry her dark god's special favor as he is red-haired. She
sent her beautiful childe to Sicily to win him over for the
Serpents, approaching him in the guise of an exotic, enig-
matic mortal woman and trying to seduce him. Frederick II
is newly married to his second wife whom he seems to love
dearly, though, so he has paid no mind to her advances thus
far. And even if he were to succumb to Su'uan, it is
improbable that she would be able toexertany real influence
without any of the other factions interested in the emperor

THE CASTLE OF SHADOW

The Castel;d'Ombro, 5 the local peasantry
refers to it, is the castle in which Lasombra himself
resides. A Moorish architect erected it on the foun-
dations of an old Roman castle centuries ago,
designing the building after Lasombra's personal
wishes. It is close to the city of Siracusa, and by all
accounts, it is impregnable. To keep its secrets,
Lasombra personally killed the architect after the
castle was completed and imprisoned his soul in a
black gem.

The clan founder spends most of his nights in
deep slumber. The man:
the castle never speak
from his fitful slumber inadvertently would mean
certain death. Whenever he is awake, though, he
spends his time with his oldest childe, Montano.
Montano assumes the mantle of leadership among
Sicily's C
Lasombra's childer, Boukephos, roams the world

servants and slaves within
‘ause waking the master

ainites because the second eldest of

and his youngest childe; Gratiano, still undergoes
tutelage as he is merely 130 years out of his Embrace.

The Antediluvian does leave the castle occa
sionally, when his wanderlust becomes an
uncontrollabl
Antediluvian roams the world in disguise formonths,

urge. On these rare occasions, the

years or even decades. As long as he is away, the

blackened bronze gates that form the main entrance

to Lasombra's fortress remain open night and day so

that the master of the building will feel welcome
whenever he returns home. In the end, then, it's up
to any visitor in Sicily to decide whether the open

gates are a good omen or a dire portent.


neutralizing her efforts. Probably one or the other Magister
faction would long ago have dealt with her if not for Ngalo
Umbeke. Su'uan has known the Nubian since the time
when both of them w ves in the days of the Roman
Empire. Their paths have crossed time and again ever since,
and some time in the third century, she stayed with him in
Ravenna for over a year and tricked him into a blood oath.
Now, he shelters and hides the Serpent and uses all his
considerable influence to keep the other Magisters from
finding her.

The Muslim Lasombra's chances for success in the race
for the emperor are much better since they are in a prime
position. What they have achieved, however, is only the
chance to put the emperor under their tutelage (which may
beenough). The Muslimsare bynomeansthe only Lasombra
who have managed to establish agents at ourt, though.
Maybe this even contributes to his relative freedom of
decision, because many of the different factions' actions
cancel each other out. The Ashirra won at least a partial
victory when he chose Frankfurt rather than Sicily for his
coronation. The Muslim faction did not want the corona-
tion to take place in Sicily because too many devout
Christians wouldhave shown upsuddenly. Asthe Lasombra
have problems enough with pious people snooping around
on their island since the Teutonic Knights have established
a chapter house in Sicily a few years ago, Ngalo Umbeke
advised the emperor to have himself crowned in Frankfurt,
the where his famous grandfather was crowned. Frederick
took this advice and decided to use the traditional corona-
tion place instead of "his" island.

Smportant Factions and
Organisations

During the War of Princes, alliances and enmity
spring up virtually overnight, and secret factions disap-
pear with the changing phases of the moon. Some such
factions are the result of vampiric meddling in mortal
groups, while some are purely Cainite affairs. Two such
factions — the Teutonic Knights and the Silent Fury —
are described here. What the future holds for the vam-
pires of these factions is anyone's guess.

The Teutonic Knights : words
of the Faith

In AD 1190, Frederick of Swabia founded the
Teutonic Order amidst the Third Crusade. Its origins lay
inaGerman field hospital close to Acre. When Frederick
reached Acre, he took control of the hospital and
obtained permission from his brother, Emperor Henry
IV, to found a new Christian order there. In 1191, the

order moved into a house in Acre, supplied to it by Guy
de Lusignan, the exiled King of Jerusalem.

Like the two other important Christian knights'
orders, the Hospitalers of Saint John and the Knights
Templar, the Teutonic Order started in Palestine. Its
primary goal was identical to those of the Crusades: to
expand and restore the Christian Faith. The knights'
day-to-day business was to care for the ill, the wounded
and the maimed and to help crusaders and pilgrims on
the way to the Holy Land. Its rising importance also
garnered the attention of several powerful Cainites,
among them Jiirgen of Magdeburg, who was in the Holy
Land as part of the Third Crusade at the time. The
Sword-Bearer was well aware of the potential of the
existing knightly orders. Unlike other more established
orders, the Teutonic Knights were largely free of vampiric
influence, which allowed Jiirgen to use them.

In 1193, Heinrich Walpot of Passenheim, who had
come to Palestine with the knights' army, became prior of
the order. The former Knight of the Hospitalers of Saint
John seemed to be the right man to change the Hospitaler
ordertoamilitary one because he was experienced in leading
such an order. In 1198, Pope Innocent III recognized the
Teutonic Knights, making thema military order. The order
consisted of knights, lay brothers and clerical brothers. Its
general rules were styled after those of the Hospitalers of
SaintJohn.Fortheknightsthemselves, though, the Templars'
tules applied. All members vowed to live in "poverty,
chastity and obedience."

In the beginnings of the Teutonic Order, the Kingdom
of Jerusalem was divided into different sectors, and the order
established a house in each of them. Since these houses
served as defenses, they were all built as castles. At the head
of each castle stood either the Komtur (commander) who
ran it with the aid of the Kommandantur (commanding
body) consisting of 12 knights.

The order erected its first chapter house in Acre, only
afew weeks after the crusaders' army had conquered the city
in 1191. By 1196, five more houses were established in the
Holy Land, located in Gaza, Jaffa, Ascalon, Rama and
Zamsi. In 1197, the knights established a house in the
important crusader ports in Southern Italy and on Sicily,
Barletta and Palermo. The order was able to obtain large
holdingsnorth of Acre in 1222, and the knights builta huge,
well-fortified castle there within two years. When this
fortress — called Montfort, the "strong mountain" — was
finished in 1224, the Teutonic Knights relocated their
mother house from Jerusalem to Acre, and the Hochmeister
(grand master) moved there.

TheBise of the Teutonic Order

The Teutonic Order saw an era of continued growth
and expansion in the 13th century, and it soon rivaled
the Templars and Hospitalers. It founded 300

Ss HOLYROMAN:EMPIRE -


Kommenden, as the houses of the order were now called,
in the Holy Land and in Europe in less than 100 years —
from the river Diina in northern Europe to Palestine in
the south and the Atlantic Ocean in the we:

It soon became clear that a good organization at
home was as important as in the Holy Land to meet all
demands and secure a steady supply from the Holy
Roman Empire. To lead and control the home front, the
order established a new GroBkomtur (high commander).
With the aid of Komturen (commanders) who led the
Balleien (districts of the empire), the GroBkomtur con-
trolled the order's fate within the Holy Roman Empire.
In 1209, Hermann von Salza became Hochmeister of the
Teutonic Order, and the knights' rise in power, status
and fame truly began. Under its new Hochmeister, the
order was highly regarded by the emperor and almost all
nobles of the empire, butalso by the pope and the clerical
lords. Frederick II and Pope Gregory IX both trust von
Salza implicitly. He is not only Hochmeister of the
Teutonic Order, but also one of the leading diplomats of
his time.

King Andreas II of Hungary, participant of the Fifth
Crusade in 1217, had heard of the young order and its
capable Hochmeister and asked it to fight for him at the
border to Transylvania. He allowed the knights to keep
the lands they "freed" from pagan taint and stayed there
until 1225. When the pressure of the Prussian marauders
attacking his duchy forced Duke Konrad of Masovia to
ask the Teutonic Order for help, Emperor Frederick II
and Pope Honorius III both decided to grant him this
help. As a result, the Teutonic Knights fight in the
Burzenland, a basin region to the southeast of
Siebenbiirgen, in 1230 and found their theocratic state
there after the decisive battle.

Slirgen and the Knights

Lord Jiirgen of Magdeburg has been with the order
since its founding in the 12th century and has carefully
tried to cultivate influence within it. But Hardestadt's
childe does not have complete control over the Teu-
tonic Knights. When Pope Honorius decides to use
them as swords of the faith against pagans and heretics,
the Cainites all too often need to hurry to get out of the
way in time, and Jiirgen and his court are no exception.
The fact that Cainites could not enter Acre, the order's
long-time center, until 1217 has helped to keep the
orderasa whole largely free of vampiric influence. Jiirgen
managed to Embrace very few knights in the early nights
of the order. His main means of gaining influence on the
order, however, is subtle intelligence gathering or, in
rare instances, making knights of lesser importance his
ghouls. He is careful to do so infrequently, however, as

forcing the blood oath on too many knights of the order
would surely engender reprisals against the Ventrue.

An Order within an Order

Another important means of influencing the
Teutonic Knights — and other monastic and similar
institutions — has been the Order of the Black Cross.
Its central figure is Lucretia of Hardtz, Jiirgen's childe.
She leads the other members, selected men and women
who are all part of the Teutonic Order, to believe that
the Black Cross is the secret heart of their order. As
she "shows her devotion to the Black Cross by never
facing the sun," the others follow her example. Of
course, this is the first step on the road to damnation,
and no few of these faithful men and women end up
being ghouls or even Cainites after a time.

The Silent Fury:
Murderers of Kings

On the 11th of May, 1224, a young German
Brujah named Armin Brenner burned down the ware-
houses of a wealthy merchant in Magdeburg under
orders from his sire. Unfortunately — and unbe-
knownst to the perpetrator — the merchant was a
ghoul of Lord Jiirgen, prince of the city. Brenner was
caught and imprisoned in Jiirgen's fortress, only to be
freed by acoterie of armed Cainites 10 days later while
awaiting the prince's justice. The four Cainites that
broke him out of jail considered themselves Furores,
but they had little in the way of true purpose. They
had come together mainly out of common needs —all
of them were running from someone or something —
some 10 years ago, but lacking direction, they wan-
dered the Holy Roman Empire aimlessly. When they
passed through Magdeburg, they heard about the
arson and mistakenly saw it as a thwarted attempt to
light a fire of freedom in the heart of Lord Jiirgen's
oppressive reign. The four decided to liberate the
unknown freedom fighter in hopes of gaining some
ideological leadership from him. Brenner used his
chance to escape from prison, immediately took the
reins of the coterie and started giving the others what
they expected from him — including a name for their
band of anarchists. The Silent Fury was born.

Armin Brenner realized that his sire had used him as
a pawn, and the thought infuriated him. In a letter to
Lord Jiirgen, the coterie made its philosophies clear. The
Cainites had taken up arms against the established lords
of the night in the name of "freedom for the true undead
— those Cainites with the courage to feed from whom


we choose, to exist as we choose, and live, as the Dark
Father said, by our own mercy."

The Silent Fury is nominally a part of the Furores
movement. Its members spout some of the same
rhetoric as the Furores, and they are just as willing to
use violent means to achieve their ends. Their ulti-
mate goals, however, are much simpler and more
terrifying. Full of anger, frustration and hate, they
believe that the true utopia would be complete free-
dom from Cainite lords. They believe that mortals
should do as they please without fear of being burned
as heretics. In fact, they believe that nothing should
be sacred except hunger and rage.

The Silent Fury is composed almost exclusively
of Cainites on the Roads of the Beast or Sin (with one
major exception). By lashing out against Cainites and
vampiric institutions that they have identified as
symbols of the hateful system, they hope to rally other
oppressed Childer of Caine to their cause. The coterie
consists of the following five members: French Torea-
dor and troubadour Pierre Cardinal whose anti-royal
songs made him notorious even in life; his childe,
Mathilde de Moncourt; Feral Tzimisce Masha
Ulitzakaya; German Caitiff Christoffel Weif; and
Brenner, their newest member. After siring Mathilde
without permission, Cardinal destroyed his own sire.
The two Sinners were then forced to flee France to
escape Salianna's wrath. Masha diablerized her sire
when she tried to send her hapless childe into the war
against the Tremere. Weifs doesn't even know his
sire. He simply awoke one evening in a ditch, forced
to fend for himself.

Brenner followed their example and slaughtered
his sire, a Brujah from Frankfurt, because the sire had
knowingly sent him into danger and hadn't tried to
rescue him after the failed mission in Magdeburg.
Brenner — who was a student in life and had always
had a knack for philosophy — soon became the main
ideologist of the coterie. The Cainite elders, he ar-
gued, seemed not to have learned anything from the
fall of the Roman Empire. The main lesson was this:
A large or clever enough army could bring down any
empire. Armin Brenner, the only Scion of the Silent
Fury, intends to raise that army.

Prime Largets

For the last few years, the Silent Fury, led by
Brenner and Pierre Cardinal, has been traveling the
Holy Roman Empire, seeking political allies and
hiding from its enemies. In carefully plotted attacks,
the Cainites try to destroy elders who are especially
identified with the oppressive system they resent so

deeply and sometimes even diablerize them. All
Cainite rulers have reason to fear them and their
seemingly aimless destructive energy, but they list
Lord Jiirgen of Magdeburg (against whom Brenner
still bears a grudge) and Julia Antasia (whom the
Silent Fury considers a weakling beyond all con-
tempt) as their chief targets.

Immediately after the Silent Fury freed Brenner,
Jiirgen called Lextalionis against the coterie. The only
success so far was the arrest of Mathilde de Moncourt in
October 1229 in a small town close to Magdeburg. No
one was able to prove that the young Toreador had been
part of the attack on Jiirgen's prison or the murder of a
ghoul guard. Nevertheless, she is still kept imprisoned in
Jiirgen's fortress as the Prince of Magdeburg hopes that
hersire and his fellows will come to rescue heras they did
with Brenner.

In 1230, shortly after the Caitiff Albin returns to
Magdeburg, Hardestadt sets him on the Silent Fury's
tracks, reasoning that the stealthy, canny Caitiff has
as much chance of finding them as anyone and is quite
expendable. The members of the Silent Fury discov-
ered their "shadow" quite by accident, and recognizing
that the Caitiff would make an ideal recruit for them,
watch him just as he keeps following them. There
have been several encounters between Albin and the
coterie, even some extended discussions, but the
Ghost has neither told Hardestadt their whereabouts
nor decided to cast his lot with them. If he shows signs
of doing his duty to his lord, the Furores will try to
eliminate him.

Of course, joining the Silent Fury won't be any
safer for the Ghost of Magdeburg. If he joins with the
Furores, Hardestadt not only loses a skilled spy, but
Jiirgen might potentially find out that his sire has
been spying on him. Albin, of course, is woefully
ignorant of these political nuances. Only time will
tell the outcome of these complicated relations.

The Silent Fury is not truly a consideration for
the elders at present. Jiirgen considers them impor-
tant enough to waste resources on (as does Hardestadt,
after a fashion), but Julia and the other princes in the
Fiefs of the Black Cross consider them an amusing
little jumble of neonates making trouble. The anar-
chists, however, have the drive to change the face of
the War of Princes, if only given some direction.
Brenner is intelligent and learned, but he is not an
especially good planner, and he is no more resistant to
a persuasive voice in his ear than any other Cainite.
It is only a matter of time before the Cainites who
make up the Silent Fury run afoul of someone power-
ful enough to destroy them — or use them.


Notable Cainites

Lotharius- The Magus Prince
5th-generation Tremere, childe of Etrius, walker
on the Road of Kings

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 1030

Apparent Age: mid 30s

A number of rumors surround Lotharius. He is
said to have been an oracle as a mortal mage; to be the
founder of the Children of the Pyramid; to have
personally diablerized more than a dozen Salubri; to
be one of the Qua
acts as their clan's judges and executioners; to drink
only mages' vitae; to be in league with a Nictuku; and
to serve infernal masters. The truth is somewhat
harder to quantify.

Lotharius was born in 984 in Cologne. The Order
of Hermes noticed him in the city on the Rhine, and
at the age of eight, he was introduced into the Order.
The hard training by envious mentors made him
ambitious and strong. He was tested harder than any
older apprentice. He went through one hardship after
another until he became one of the youngest masters
and greatest hopes of the Order. As Lotharius soon
saw himself hampered too much by the Order's strict
rules, he started serving the Order as a traveling
diplomat. He met Etrius of House Tremere in 1012
and became friends with him. On Etrius's advice,
Lotharius conquered his wanderlust and was received
with open arms by House Tremere in their chantry at
Ceoris. Shortly thereafter, Lotharius vanished sud-
denly from his chambers in the chantry, which were
locked from within. When he reappeared after what
he thought was just a few days, nearly 20 years had
passed. He never spoke about what happened in this
period of time, but he wore a strange, haunted look

esitori, asecret Tremere society that

that suggested he had seen things that no man was
meant to witness.

He immediately recognized that much had
changed in his absence. Etrius approached him with
the offer of the Embrace, and after much deliberation,
Lotharius accepted. (Etrius noted that Lotharius's
final words as a mortal were, "If they have all time to
re their plots, I must have all time to stop them.")

Lotharius served the clan as a diplomat as he'd
done for the Order of Hermes before. He never stayed
in one place for long, but roamed the known world.
Yet, in 1032, Lotharius received new orders. The
Inner Circle moved him to Vienna and made him
Pontifex of Austria as well as head of the Vienna

chantry. Another order came from Etrius personally.
Lotharius was to replace the Ventrue Valerianus as
Prince of Vienna.

Lotharius is now prince, and the Tremere are the
only true power in Vienna. Next to Tremere himself and
his sire Etrius, he is the most powerful and dangerous
member of his clan in Vienna. The Magus Prince
himself is rarely seen in his own domain, though. Part of
his attention is always directed toward the Balkans and
hisclan'songoingfeud with the Tzimisce of Transylvania.
He never openly engages himself in that struggle but
tries to undermine the Fiends' every move secretly. His
eagerness in this aspect is partly motivated by his own
knowledge about Shaagra's plans to expand westward
(though how he gained that knowledge is something of
a mystery).

Julia Antasia - theMman Relic

5th-generation Ventrue, childe of Tinia, walker
on the Road of Humanity

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Visionary

Embrace: 480 BC

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Julia Antasia was born to a wealthy family in the
Eternal City itself. Her life hardly could have been better
as she lived in a city mansion, surrounded by splendor
and might. But she lived in a time of unrest. The plebes,
the poor masses, rose against the patricians to take by
force what they had been promised. Julia Antasia might
not have become an important woman had she married
another patrician to grow old at his hearth and finally to
die from old age. Instead, she loved a plebeian, a com-
mon farmer who was deeply indebted to her father.


In spite of their mutual love, such a liaison was
unthinkable, for the patricians had forbidden patricians
to marry plebeians. Julia did not intend to resign herself
to this fate. She studied the Greek polis and fled the
mansion one night to meet with some plebeians who
wanted to formulate their demands. They knew what
the patricians had promised but not given to them, but
they lacked the rhetorical talent to express it. This was
something the young patrician woman could make up
for, for she had time and opportunity to study the Greek
philosophers. Still she could not avoid her fate: Her
father arranged a marriage with another patrician house.

Maybe it was her penchant for politics and her
thetoric skills, her common sense or her ability to
convince those who listened to her. Maybe it was the
fact that the marriage against her will did not break her
and that she fulfilled her duties as expected, butstill tried
to better the plebeians' lot. Julia would never know
exactly what made her sire Embrace her. None other
than the Etruscan Tinia led the patrician woman into
the Clan of Kingship.

In the Eternal City, Julia Antasia soon became a
member of the Eternal Senate of the Ventrue, an insti-
tution that was only possible within a republic. Every
Ventrue had the right of speech, regardless of hisage, and
an ancilla's vote was as important as an elder's. The
clan's traditions were not mere phrases, but iron laws.
For centuries, Julia Antasia was active in this senate, and

she helped delineate its course. In the immortal society,
sex meant nothing, and she could finally be what had
been denied toherin life: a politician who worked forthe
good of all.

The wars against Carthage, though, already sealed
the slow, but inevitable decline of the Ventrue senate
and deeply divided the clan itself. Fueled by the early
Caesars' genius and the mortal legions' successes, the
influence of the Cainite lords of the Eternal City grew
faster than they could understand at first. Flooded by
wealth and power, keeping control became the first and
foremost priority.

Soon, the Ventrue senate meetings became a play-
ground and battlefield for the elders' overwhelming
presence and their harsh words. It was standard procedure
to force the young ones to be loyal via favors or the blood
oath, and Julia recognized that the ideal she had upheld
in her early centuries was only a feeble dream. In the
fourth century, she turned her back on the Eternal City.

Noone knows where she spent the following centu-
ries. When Charlemagne's empire was divided between
his sons, Julia appeared in a territory she knew as
Germania Superior. She moved into an old Roman castle
north of the city of Frankfurt and started searching foran
old Nosferatu who was supposed to have been an enemy
of Rome once. She hoped to gain insight about the first
nights and the Antediluvians themselves from him.
According to the stories, he had considered the whole
area his domain for millennia. By gathering her progeny
around her (who eventually made up the Antasians) and
gaining influence on her surroundings, she was sure to
eventually gain his attention.

And the Nosferatu elder who calls himself Angiwar
finally contacted her himself, over 50 years after Julia
had begun her search for him. Not even he could answer
her questions regarding Ventrue's true words to his
children, for in spite of his age, he had never encoun-
tered an Antediluvian. The two of them made a pact
that allowed Julia Antasia to stay and keep her influence
ifshe woulduse it tosafeguard the secrets of the Nosferatu
and his progeny. In return, Angiwar offered his knowl-
edge and his progeny's support. Julia Antasia agreed and
stayed in her castle in the Holy Roman Empire.

In all her centuries of existence, she has never
forgotten where she came from and what made her what
she is. Fueled by the ambitious way the Nosferatu follows
his ideals — which are even more fanciful than hers in
her eyes — Julia is looking for a way to revive the old
Ventrue senate. Although she rarely takes part in the
Antasian meetings herself, she has made it clear that she
protects its members. Thus, she directly opposes
Hardestadt and divides the Clan of Kingship in the Holy
Roman Empire. Julia is willing to pay any price to revive
her ideals.

oA EE
ES A
<Size —> 4 TOLY-ROMANEMPIR ew, Le ©


]


bAPCER, ROUR:
IBERIA

"Oh, Cid, give ear, and hearken, Oh faithful Campeador!
For surely in this battle shall God himself make war,
And He will make thee worthy with Him therein to share.
Where er thou deemest fitting bid us attack them there.
Each man must do his duty. Upon'them let us thrust.
On God and on thy fortune now hangeth all our trust."
—Song of the Cid, III.84

The Iberian Peninsula is a place of remarkable contrasts. Its
landscape is exceptionally diverse, as are its people. Vast plains,
large mountains and brushwood (as well as other fruit-bearing
trees) mark the terrain, giving Iberia a unique appearance,
particularly to those from more northern climes. The inhabit-
ants are descendants of many peoples — Celts, Carthaginians,
Greeks, Romans, Visigoths and Moors — and they show a
remarkable ability to defy stereotypes. Yet all this diversity
makes the peninsula's current situation all the more difficult to
comprehend in simple terms.

The central fact of Iberian life is the Reconquista, an effort
by the northern Christian states to oust the Moorish kingdoms
of the south. The Muslims came to Iberia in the early eighth
century, invited, according to legend by a Visigothic nobleman
who sought revenge against his liege lord. Under the great
general Tariq (after whom Gibraltar — "mountain of Tariq" in
Arabic — is named), the Moors found the Visigothic kingdoms


x e™ _ — LS. ~~ A
—s++ nae aaa =e 9 ai OP cea 285 >
POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT
MORTALS CAINITES

Ferdinand III of Castile — This king
inherited the kingdoms of Léon and Castile
in 1230, and he spends most ‘of his time
fighting against the Moors. His next con-
quest is the city of Cordoba in 1236.

James I of Aragon — Nicknamed "the
Conqueror," James I conquered the Balearic
Islands and Valencia recently and has con-
solidated royal power within his realm. He
continues to fight against the Moors, and
he lavishly rewards nobles who serve him
well.

Rodrigue de Navarre — A minor noble-
man, Rodrigue founded the Sword of St.
James, a mortal group dedicated to destroy-
ing Cainites and other "creatures of the
night."

Sancho II of Portugal — An impetuous
and warlike king, Sancho II's actions often
elicit the ire of Church and state, some of
whose élements are conspiring to depose
and replace him with his brother, Alfonso
of Boulogne. (They succeed in 1245.)

Sancho VII of Navarre — The last na-
tive king of Navarre, Sancho (called "the
Strong") is the last member of the older
royal generation who fought at Las Navas
de Tolosa. He has no children, and his
crown passes to hisnephew, the Frenchman
Thibault of Champagne, in 1234.

of Iberia easy pickings, and they undertook a cam-
paign of conquest that led them across the Pyrenees
and into France. Defeated by Charles Martel at
Poitiers in AD 732, the Moors nevertheless held
most of the Iberian Peninsula and set about ensconc-
ing themselves there.

Until the 11th century, Christian Iberia was on
the defensive, while the Moors established an im-
pressive society ofartand learning, in which Muslims,
Christians and Jews lived side by side, more or less
amicably. While this isn't to suggest that Muslim
Iberia (or al-Andalus, as it became known) was a
utopia, it was nevertheless a marked contrast to the

rugged and impoverished Christian states of the
north. No one who looked at Iberia during this time
could have guessed how much things would change
in 200 years.

C
Holy Land, Iberians took the battle to al-Andalus.
Over the course of decades, the Christian forces won

astile, as well as the

Badr (8th-generation Lasombra) — This myste-
rious vampire is a religious fanatic and Sultan of
Granada. He has become a rallying point for Ashirra
seeking to strike a blow against Christendom.

Guillermo (9th-generation Brujah) — This
Cainite claimed the princedom of Coimbra from his
Muslim predecessor by force of arms. He has now
made that city a haven for vampires of all clans and
affiliations

Hilel al-Masaari (6th-generation warrior
Assamite) — Sultan of Cérdoba, Hilel knows the
Muslim cause isdoomed, buthe cannot bring himself
to abandon Iberia to Christendom without a fight.

Macario (8th-generation Brujah) — Lisbon's
weak prince is beset by enemies onall sides (including
the Apostles of the Third Caine) and manipulated by
his advisors. He may not sutvive the War of Princ
but who will replace him remains to be seen.

iaSubira(8th-generation Ventru
This Cainite nicely plays one f
against one another within her domain, which is why
s hav not acted against her some-
times "innovative" relations with other clans.

Reinaldo de Rubio (8th-generation Lasombra)
— A knight who became Prince of Compostela,
Reinaldo is wholly dedicated to the Shadow
Reconquista, making him a hero to many Christian
neonates for whom the conflict has become a central
facet of unlife.

Rogue (6th-generation Mal
Pamplona for centuries, Roque is extremely well bal.
anced foraMadman. Regardless, French Cainitesseek
to unseat him as more of their kind appear in Navarre.

Spurred on by the militaristic kings of Léon and

ample of the crusaders in the

victory after victory, pushing back the Moors and
reclaiming the peninsula for themselv.
arrival of two different groups of North African
groups (the Almoravids and the Almohads), who
sought to reinvigorate what they saw as religious

Despite the

laxity among Iberian Muslims, the tide of history had
turned. By 1212, at the Battle of Las Navas de
Tolosa, Islam was on the wane, and three powerful
Christian states — Aragon, Castile and Portugal —
threatened to expel it forever. The days of Moorish
glory are past.

Iberian nights follow a remarkably similar path.

Christian Cainites wage a "Shadow Reconquista"

Pd 7h
Bt af — Ss -DARKAGES:EUROPE -
\ » S =

THELIONS OF RODRIGO

Named for the last Visigothic king to
rule in Iberia before the invasion of the
Moors, the Lions are agroup of neor
ancillae dedicated to the C:
Reconquista. Led by the Brujah zealot Felipe,
the Lions wage nightly war against Muslim
Cainites. They are merciless in their activi-
ties, giving no quarter and expecting none
in return. They seek nothing less than the
total annihilation of all Ashirra within the
Iberian Peninsula. So great is their fervor
and their disdain for accommodation
they attack even Christian Cainites whom
they deem "traitors" to the cause of the

inite's S

that

Reconquista. Since Las Navas de Tolosa, the
Lions have waxed powerful and are now a
force to be reckoned with — a fact that
doesn't escape would-be Cainite kingmakers.

against their Muslim counterparts (often called the
Ashirra), taking little heed of clan. As the events of
the Fourth Crusade proved (chronicled in Bitter
Crusade), the Cainite world is far from united.
Mortal politics and religion spill over into the realm

of the undead, often with unfortunate consequence
Even the most broad-minded Cainites can see little
hope for an accommodation between Christian and
Muslim vampires. The best that can be hoped for is
to delay the final reckoning until such time as a more
equitable solution can be found. That's unlikely to
happen, but even Cainites can dream.

Further information can be found in Veil of
Night and Iberia by Night.

Al-Andalus

Al-Andalus is the name for the Muslim-domi-
nated area of the Iberian Peninsula. This area is
largely restricted to the south and is a pale shadow of
what was once a vast empire. The Moors conquered
almost the entire peninsula shortly after they en-
tered Iberia in AD 711. Since its zenith in the 10th
century, Muslim control of the region has declined

significantly, thanks to a combination of the Chris-
tian Reconquista and disunity among the Moors. The
last truly unified Islamic government in Iberia was
the Umayyad Caliphate of Cérdoba, which came to
an end in 1031.

In the aftermath of the caliphate's collapse, two
different waves of fundamentalist invaders entered
Iberia from North Africa. The first were the
Almoravids, who were dominant in the late 11th
and early 12th centuries. Over time, the Almoravids
became just as indolent and fractious as the Moors
they replaced. The Almohads entered Iberia in the
12th century to restore unity to al-Andalus once
more. Their success has been limited, resulting in a
brittle Moorish empire in the south — ripe for the
final push that will shatter its tenuous control over
the southern peninsula.

The Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa in 1212 has
dealt a serious blow to Moorish dreams of safety and
expansion. The Christian armies of the north have
shown a remarkable ability to set aside their political

differences in the face of Islam. Indeed, Christian
kingdoms can even count Moorish splinter king-
doms (called taifas) among their allies, a testament
to their dual strengths at arms and diplomacy. Mel-
ancholy and defeatism are commonplace among
many Moors. They see that the end of Al-Andalus is
near, and they can think of no way to stem the
ristian tide. The likelihood of further reinforce-
ments from North Africa is small, as is the possibility
that renewed religious fervor will make up for poor
military strategy.

Mortal defeatism has counterparts in the Cainite
world as well. Many Ashirra see no hope for al-
Andalus, which leads some to abandon Iberia forever
and head back to the more secure Muslim lands of
North Africa and the Levant. Others take advantage
of the power vacuum the deserters' exodus has cre-
ated to establish themselves as the new rulers of

southern Iberia. Others still dig themselves in and
hope that they will be able to weather the coming
storm, secure in the belief that Cainite politics need
not be as simplistic as its mortal equivalent. These
optimistic Ashirra hope that their Muslim faith will
not prevent an amicable existence, side by side with
their Christian brethren. Alas, their optimism is
likely misplaced. More and more young Christian
Cainites believe fervently in a violent creed that
allows for no quarter with Islam.

Almohad Empire

The Almohad Empire owes its e9
group of North African religious zealots known as
al-Murabbitum or "the Warriors of the Faith."
Fired by their faith, the Almohads washed over
southern Iberia and quickly ensconced themselves

istence toa

in several important cities, such as Cérdoba and

Sevilla, the latter of which they chose as their
capital. The Almohads had a twofold goal in
Iberia. The first and most basic was to shore up the
crumbling defenses of Islam in al-Andalus. They
recognized that a disorganized and fractious col-
lection of taifa kingdoms was no match for the
increasingly unified Christian Reconquista.

The Almohads' second goal was to restore the
fervor of other Muslims. For centuries, al-Andalus
has had the reputation of being a paradise, a realm
of beauty, science and tolerance. Even Western

Europe imbibed and accepted these stories, look-
ing to Muslim Iberia as an outpost of a civilization
far more advanced than their own. Indeed, the
universities and schools of Christian Europe owe
a great debt to al-Andalus, without which transla-
tions of Aristotle and other classical authors would
not have been possible.

Yet, where Europeans saw knowledge and
wealth that they coveted, the Almohads saw only
decadence and moral laxity. The Almohads had
little interest in creating a paradise, especially if it
weakened the position of Islam in the process. The
North Africans viewed Andalusians as having

strayed from the Prophet's teachings, which is
why they have suffered for so long at the hands of
Christian armies. If they would only turn their
back to God rather than on the material
things of this world, they might find victory in
their grasp once more.

Unfortunately, the Almohads proved less than
successful at both their stated goals. While they
have slowed the collapse of al-Andalus, they have
not reversed it. After Las Navas de Tolosa, Chris-
tian armies are in striking distance of Valencia,
Cérdoba and Sevilla. Badajoz fell in 1212, and
Aragon conquered the Balearic Islands in 1229.
Similarly, devotion to Islam has not noticeably
increased, even among the descendants of the
original Almohad invaders. Compared to the zeal
of the Christians, Islam is in a sorry state in Iberia.
This decline has encouraged the appearance of
firebrand preachers, who exhort Andalusians to
trust in Allah that He will grant them success.
These preachers have proven ineffectual thus far,
and the mood in al-Andalus has once more turned
to defeatism or, at best, a hope for accommodation
(rather than victory) with the Christian states of
the north.


Cordoba

Cérdoba is certainly one of the most splendid
cities in the Almohad Empire, rivaling Sevilla in
its wealth and beauty. Under the Umayyad Ca-
liphate of the past, Cérdoba was a renowned
center of science and learning. Its schools and
universities had no rivals in Western Europe.
Indeed, Christians regularly consulted scientific
and philosophical works that made their way into
their hands from Cordoba. Just as remarkable were
the city's medical schools, which taught tech-
niques and treatments unknown in even the most
cosmopolitan locales of Christendom.

Cérdoba is still a remarkable city. Its schools
remain important, and its wealth is as great as ever.
In fact, Cérdoba boasts over 500 mosques and con-
tains nearly 1,000 public baths, not to mention other
structures such as aqueducts, gardens and patios. Yet,
the shine has started to come off the city. Castilian
forces circle ever closer, and the Moorish adminis-
tration shows the strain of coordinating its defense
while maintaining such lavish public works. Cérdoba
still outshines most cities of Western Europe, but it
does not stand as tall as it once did.

Christian scholars still visit the city, seeking its
manuscripts and other tomes, but they do so with less
regularity — or urgency. The creation of the Latin
Empire of Constantinople has given Western Eu-
rope greater access to ancient texts than it has ever
had. Therefore, the importance of Cérdoba is wan-
ing, just as the Almohads are beginning to withdraw
some of their support from what was once the pride
of Andalusia. Within a decade, the city falls into
Christian hands, and all that once distinguished it
from the rest of Iberia ceases to be.

The Cainite sultan of Cérdoba is the Assamite
Hilel al-Masaari. Although deeply religious, Hilel
is no suicidal zealot. Indeed, he willingly makes
concessions to any who seek to protect the city
and its treasures, even Christians and Jews. Since
Las Navas de Tolosa, Hilel has become convinced
that Islam is doomed in Iberia. This conviction
has plunged him into a deep depre
his vizier, Enam al-Dimshagq, believes is the result
of sorcery rather than simple emotional upheaval.
She believes that the Lasombra Miriam bint Aisha
is responsible for Hilel's state, but she can neither
prove it nor provide an explanation as to why the
Muslim Lasombra would act in such a fashion.
Yet, Enam remains convinced that she is correct,

ion, one that

creating a dangerous instability within Cérdoba at
a time when what it needs is unity.

Sevilla

Sevilla is a crowded city straddling the
Guadalquivir River and dominating its east bank.
The city's streets are narrow and twisting with many
small plazas within its inner precincts. The city has
along history, having been inhabited successively by
Iberians, Phoenicians, Carthaginians and Romans,
all of whom were attracted to the silver and copper
mines in the mountains to the north. The Moors fi
conquered it in 712, but Sevilla went its own way in
1031, when it rebelled against the Umayyad Caliph-
ate of Cérdoba.

The Almoravids re-conquered the city in 1091,
and the Almohads claimed it in 1146. Since then,
Sevilla has been the capital of their empire, which
has made it a target of frequent raids by Christian
forces. Despite the fighting on its northern bor-
ders, the city remains a place of incredible beauty
and luxury. Sevilla has a reputation for being one
of the most civilized places in the world, rivaling
even Constantinople for its riches and exotic
goods. This reputation brings many visitors to the
city — both mortal and undead — who wish to
partake of its wonders.

The Cainite Sultan of Sevilla is the Lasombra
Gerushah bint Yoav, a Jew who converted to Islam
after her Embrace. Distrusted by both the Ashirra,
who consider her a weakling, and Cainite Jews, who
consider her a traitor, Gerushah's rule is aimless and
generally ignored by most vampires in the city.
Several factions plot against her, believing that the
danger posed by Christian forces demands that a
stronger Cainite rule the city. A Cappadocian cabal,
led by Aliyyah and the Lasombra Reyham both plot
against Gerushah, each seeing themselves as better
able to prevent Sevilla's destruction when the
Reconquista turns its attention to the city. What
neither faction realizes is that the sultan knows they
are plotting against her and intends to strike back if
the opportunity presents itself.

Silves

The city of Silve:
known-as'the: Alg:
pleasant landscapes. Located on the sea, Silves is

irst

s located within a region

ve, a place of fruit trees and

also an important naval base, and it has been since
the Moors first invaded Iberia. The city has re-
mained loyal to each successive Muslim government
that has ruled the region — the Umayyads, the

Le a
Se oy Oat

IBERIA + ee moe 3 = |
~Y NS >


Almoravids, the Almohads. Its inhabitants have
long hoped that its loyalty would not be forgotten,
especially now that Portuguese forces have begun to

make more raids in the area around the city.

Since 1210, even its supremacy on the sea has
been called into question. Portugal has employed
foreign mercenaries, many of them Englishmen, to
fight against the Silvan ships — with increasing
success. This has led to appeals for assistance from
the Almohads but to little avail. Instead, many
Muslims have begun to flee Silves, heading south-
ward toward Granada, which seems like the only safe
location in the southern peninsula. With each year,
the city seems more like a ghost town and will
become even more so as the threat of a Portuguese
invasion looms ever larger.

The mortal depopulation of Silves has had
profound repercussions for the Cainites living
there. With a smaller herd from which to feed,
many Ashirra have fled south, following the refu-
gees to Granada. This Cainite exodus serves the
city's sultan, Muhammad ibn Farouk, quite well.
Although he claims to be Lasombra, Muhammad
is in fact a Baali, who slew the former sultan of
Silves and took his place. From the shadows, he
plots with his other clanmates to turn the city into
a Baali stronghold. His ultimate plan is to allow
Silves to fall into Christian hands so that the Baali
to the larger world of Iberia. To
that end, Muhammad has even initiated tentative

gain easier acce:

discussions with the Apostles of the Third Caine
in Lisbon, believing they may prove useful cat's-
paws when the time comes.

Valencia

Valencia is an important seaport, lying on a
bend in the Turia River some two and a half miles
from the ocean. The Romans established the town as
an agricultural center, constructing irrigation sys-

tems and laying the foundations for the region's later
reputation as the fruit and vegetable basket of Iberia
These systems would be expanded and improved
under Arab rule. The Visigoths moved in when
Rome collapsed, but the Moors eventually displaced
them in 711. Under Muslim rule, Valencia soon
became a rich agricultural and industrial center,
noted for its ceramics, paper, silk, leather and citrus
fruits. Physically, the city is somewhat drab, with no
spectacular mosques or monuments.

z de Vivar—
El Cid — makes it well known nevertheless. Rodrigo

Yet, its association with Rodrigo Di

and his companions ruled Valencia for only a short

aE "GID.
Rodrigo Diazde Vi
most important figure in Iberian history, at

ar is probably the single

least as far as the Reconquista is concerned. He

began his illustrious career as a poor knight,

banished from Castile for breaking a truce be-
tween that kingdom:and the taifa kingdom of
Toledo. Rodrigo then set out with a small group
of companions and fought relentlessly
the Moors. His skill in battle and honorable

against

ways earned him the respect of even Muslims,

who first dubbed him by his famous title (a

corruption of Sayyid, an Andalusian Arabic

word meaning "Lord"). In 1094, El Cid con-
quered Valencia and ruled it until his death in
1099. His glorious life then passed into legend,

becoming the basis for innumerable tales and

songs, many of which Iberians use for inspira-
tion in battle.

El Cid's exploits struck a chord with many
young Cainites, particularly of Clan Lasombra.
Legend has it that Rodrigo was offered the
embrace but refused it (although his compan

cio Bravo accepted), which only
increases his stature in vampiric eyes. Young
Cainite knights frequently visit El Cid's tomb
to keep "the Vigil," spending an entire day

there before entering the warfare of the Shadow

Reconquista. This practice has aroused the at-
tention of Muslim Cainites, who seek to end it

before El Cid's legend inspires even more young

vampires to take up arms against them.

while. In 1102, the Almoravids recaptured the city
for Islam, where it eventually became an important
center of regional power. A taifa kingdom grew up
around Valencia, one that the Almohads conquered
in 1172. Since then, they have protected the city
against the advance of Aragon, which now controls
the Balearic Islands, which gives the Christian king-
dom an excellent opportunity to strike Valencia
from the sea.

Cainite Valencia is in the midst of a civil war of
sorts. Its previous sultan, the Malkavian Abdullah
the Wise, was a pragmatic ruler who cared little for
mortal politics. When El Cidruled the city, Abdullah
instructed the Ashirra to respect his dictates and to
ept to the
extent they affected Cainite matters. When Muslim
tule returned, a Lasombra religious zealot named

avoid interfering with his supporters, ex

Abu al-Fulani appeared in the city, encouraging the

Ashirra to cast off Abdullah for his "treason" to the
se of Islam. Abdullah fled Valencia and al-Fulani
became its new sultan. Under his rule, he stresses
Muslim orthodoxy, which leads to clashes with Chris-
tian Cainites. Now, Abdullah has returned and is
rallying his forces to retake the sultanate. Among his
allies is the powerful Gangrel Shabago the Nubian,
who believes that al-Fulani threatens Valencia's
prosperity by his religiously inspired rule.

Laifa Kingdoms

After the collapse of the Umayyad Caliphate,
al-Andalus lacked unity. Even the Almoravids
proved incapable of providing that unity. More-
over, the North African invaders were unable to
exert control over all of Muslim Iberia, being
limited to only half the area formerly ruled by the
Umayyads. The other half of al-Andalus became
disorganized and broke up into several smaller
Moorish states. Ruled by particular factions (or
taifas), these small states are chaotic and competi-
tive, fighting against one another as well as the
Almoravids and, later, the Almohads.

Nevertheless, the taifa kingdoms stimulate trade,
art and learning, which makes them attractive tar-
gets for Christian attacks. Their lack of unity and
mutual antagonism also makes them easy targets.
Consequently, many taifas enter into vassalage rela-
tionships with Christian states. In some cases, the
taifas pay taxes that function as "protection money,"
keeping the Reconquista from their doorstep as long
as they continue to provide the Christians with
revenue. In other cases, the relationship is much
stronger. The taifas must provide military support as
well, participating in battle even against other Moors.
This conflict creates a great deal of tension and
resentment, as various elements of Muslim society
grapple with whether survival is worth betraying
one's fellow believers.

Interestingly, the mortal political situation in
the taifas makes them attractive locales for Cainites
who simultaneously wish to take advantage of Mus-
lim civilization and avoid becoming involved in its
conflicts. Many taifa cities boast a sizable Nosferatu
population dwelling in their well-developed sewer
systems. Likewise, Toreador and Gangrel find the

Compostela

T, 5 SNaVaRRE™,
ENS

|

"Gates =
rs Lai Naeas

Felou CM sci

De

Seeitla Hanada
K Sieeia Ae

aA

reala

in aan
Ci rRown
zie ~OF

Awagon ___-.

x

ye Ylemean

Italy
s
Corsica

FRancEe

ERawolona

ot Cayrawan


taifas much to their liking, because they can pursue
their aims without as much interference as they
might encounter in either more solidly Christian or
Muslim areas. That's not to say that the taifas don't

d Cainites,
r than other

have their fair share of religious-mind
but, by and large, they contain fe
cities do. Exceptions such as Granada are noted in

the descriptions that follow.

Granada

Granada is in an unenviable position. On one
hand, it is safe from the worst fighting of the region,
geographically separated and with its back to the sea.
On the other, this safety creates an expectation in
the eyes of some Moors that Granada will rise to the
defense of the Almohads in the face of the Reconquista.
So far, the rulers of Granada have opted for a middle
course by accepting the waves of refugees that flee
from more northern regions of al-Andalus. Beyond
that, they have not given in to the blandishments of
either the Almohads or the Christians, both of
whom court Granada as a potential ally.

The Cainite sultan of the city, the Lasombra
Badr, has opted for a much different course. In-
lopting a conciliatory tone, Badr is a
fundamentalist who has expelled all dissident
Cainite elements from his city. In this way, he's
gained the support of the Assamite blood sorceress
Nazirah, whose opinion carries a great deal of
weight among the Ashirra. Of course, not all
Cainites support Badr, and, in fact, many believe
that his religiou be his downfall. Chief
among them is the vizier Farid, who points to the
increasing number of Christian victories as proof

stead of a

al may

that negotiation and diplomacy are viable op-
tions. Badr does not listen to Farid's calls for
moder
more moderate voices begin to appear in Granada.
It's quite conceivable that Badr could be toppled
from power, especially if someone could convince
the usually pragmatic Nazirah to withdraw her
support.

Murcia

Murcia was founded in 825 by Abd al-Rahman
Il as a dependency of the Umayyad Caliphate. The
city remained small and insignificant until 1146,
when Muhammad ibn Mardanish came to power,
with Castilian support. Ibn Mardanish called him-
self El Rey Lobo, or "the Wolf King," and adopted an
almost wholly Spanish lifestyle. Although this idio-
syncrasy didn't endear him to his subjects, he was

ion and presses his own agenda, even as

"- DARKAG!

AMICINOCTIS

The so-called Friends of the Night are
the leaders of Clan Lasombra. Comprising
those Cainites who've proven themselves in
service to the clan, the Friends set policy for
the Lasombra and sit in judgment of indi-
viduals who have disputes with other members
of the clan. The Friends' permission must
also be sought before any Lasombra can com-
mit Amaranth upon another member of the
clan (the clan refers to this consultation as a
Court of Blood). Calling upon the aid of the
Friends of the Night incurs one a debt that
must be repaid at some point, although there
is no guarantee that it will be called immedi-

ately. Some Lasombra labor under a debt to
the Friends for centuries. Similarly, a service
done to the Friends can give a Cainite access
to immense power and influence.

Since the beginning of the Reconquista, the
Friends have observed a policy of non-interfer-
ence in disputes stemming from the conflict
between Islam and Christianity. Although it
was far from a perfect solution, it had the
support of the Methuselah Montano and,
through him, Lasombra himself. Therefore, it
came as a surprise when the Friends declared a
blood hunt against Omar al-Aziz of Murcia,
whom they found to have committed unautho-
rized diablerie in 1172. The fact that his victim
was a Christian Lasombra enraged Ashirra
within the clan, who suggested that the Friends
had a bias in favor of Christendom.

Since then, the Friends of the Night have
slowly come to favor Christianity over Islam
and Iberia. Although some Friends still main-
tain a fagade of impartiality, it's clear whom
they support. That favoritism has increased
tension between the two factions within Clan
Lasombra, and violencé between them is in-
creasing. Without the Friends to mediate these
disputes, it's all but certain that the War of
Princes will prove a terrible time for the clan.

nevertheless a powerful ruler who held the city
against the Almohads until his death in 1172. Then,
the North Africans moved into the city and estab-
lished a nominal presence there. Murcia has been
functionally independentsince Las Navas de Tolosa,
and it grows more so every day.


Murcia is geographically isolated from its closest
neighbors, Castile and Granada, which suits its rul-
ers well enough. Although they theoretically support
the Almohads in their efforts to stem the Reconquista,
their commitment is minimal — it doesn't have to be
anything more. Instead, the Murcians tend to the
agriculture that is the mainstay of the city's economy.
Extensive irrigation canals, waterwheels and aque-
ducts exist to help the locals cope with the arid
environment of the surrounding countryside. Be-
cause these amenities are so vulnerable to attack,
Murcia makes every effort to appear innocuous and
hope to be somehow bypassed by the larger events of

the peninsula.

The city's Lasombra sultan, Omaral-Aziz, hasn't
followed the lead of the mortal Murcians. He came
to power in 1172 by assassinating his predecessor,
whom he considered to have made too many conces-
ristian vampires in the area. Omar

sions to the
then executed the Christian Lasombra ambassador
to Murcia, without even consulting the Amici Noctis.
This act turned the Amici against the Muslim cause,
which, until that point, it had treated as a mortal
matter. Now, the Amici largely look unfavorably on

the Ashirra, even Muslim Lasombra, and encourage
their destruction whenever possible. Allies of the
previous sultan have decided to throw their support
behind Castilian Lasombra, hoping their actions
might heal the breach between the Amici and Islam.
It's a daring gambit and one that could well alter the

balance of power if it succeeds.

Aragon

Aragon, or "the Crown of Aragon" as itis known,
is the easternmost kingdom of Christian Iberia,
bordering the Mediterranean Sea. Its lands are ex-
tremely mountainous and covered with forests, as
well as fruit-bearing plants. The Ebro River and its
many tributaries plow through its territory, provid-
ing irrigation for its growing population. Aragon
includes within it the County of Barcelona, a
Catalonian region whose people have their own
unique language and traditions.

Aragon's interests are widespread, given its ac-
cess to the sea. Because of a marriage between the
heiress of Aragon and Count Raymond Berenguer
III of Toulouse, the kingdom became embroiled in


APOSTLES OF THE THIRD CAINE

The Apostles are an offshoot of the Cainite
Heresy that broke away from the See of Nod
around AD 1000. Like several of the mortal
Catholic monastic orders, the Apostles are a
reform movement within their faith. They be-
lieve that their austere and simple ways will
inspire other Heretics to abandon the indolent
See of

for the vampiric messiah to come.

d and join them in preparing the way
This messianic streak — some would say
obsession — distinguishes the Apostles from
most other sects of the Cainite Heresy. The
Apostles genuinely

believe that the prophecy
of the Third Caine shall come to pass within

the next few years. Strangely, they expect the
Third Caine to be a mortal. They beli
vampires cannot redeem themselves; that is a
task only mortals can perform. Therefore, an
exceptional person will appear among the Chil-
dren of Seth and rev
through signs and portents. Once these signs

e that

| his messianic status

are recognized, it falls to the Apostles to grant
this mortal the Embrace so that he may assume
his proper place as the Third Caine
savior of all Cainites.

and

The Apostles are strongest within Aragon
and Portugal. The Aragonese branch acts co-
ttheattention
of Archbishop Mongada, who wishes to exter-

vertly because it must, lest it attrg

minate the cult. The Portuguese Apostles, on
the other hand, openly flaunt their activities,
since neither the mainstream Heresy nor Chris-
tian Cainites hold much sway in that realm.
Both groups promote a different candidate for
the messiah. The Aragonese originally favored
Pedro II, but the

1. The Portuguese continue to favor the de-

have since switched to James

ceased Sancho I, whom they believe did not die
but has gone into hiding in preparation for his

glorious return.

French politics. In 1213, for example, King Pedro II
marched an Aragonese army into Provence to de-
fend his lands against the Albigensian Crusade. It's
ar whether Pedro did so out of sympathy for the
dualist heretics or simply to protect his feudal va:
sals, but the act drew the attention of the Apostles of
the Third Caine, some of whom believed Pedro was
their long-awaited messiah. When he was killed in
battle against Simon de Montfort, the Apostles

looked elsewhere for their savior (see Chapter Two
for more information).

Pedro's son, James I, continued to expand
Aragon's interests beyond the Iberian Peninsula. In
1229, he launched an invasion of the Balearic Is-
lands of Majorca, Minorca and Ibiza, which had been
ahaven for Moorish corsairs for generations. Aragon's
seagoing interests make it the most outward looking
of the Iberian kingdoms. It's conceivable that, when
the Reconquista is over (or at least in a period of
peace), Aragon may turn its gaze elsewhere, such as
France or Italy, where it still maintains diplomatic

and commercial contacts.

Aragon is important to Cainite society, because
Archbishop Mongada's childe, Lucita, was a mem-
ber of its royal family during her mortal life (a
daughter of Pedro). Acting on behalf of her sire, she
keeps an eye on the mortal court of the kingdom for
signs of the Cainite Heresy. Mongada grows increas
ingly obsessed with the Heresy and its virulent
offshoot, the Apostles of the Third Caine. He is
convinced that Aragon's contacts with Provence
make it ripe for infiltration by this vampiric cult —
and he's right.

Asmall coterie of Apostles, led by the Lasombra
Guillem Savall, has set itself up in Aragon and has
gained mortal agents in the court. Unsurprisingly,
the Archbishop of Nod, the misce Nikita of
Sredetz, has sent emissaries to Savall, hoping to
bring the schismatic Heretics back into the fold.
Savall has rejected these entreaties, and he contin-
ues to worm his way into Aragonese life. Mongada,
meanwhile, rails against the Apostles and his own
clan's efforts to court them for their own purposes.
Lucita can only laugh at the ludicrousness of it all,
and she slowly sets off down her own path, indepen-
dent of all factions.

Barcelona

Barcelona is one of the oldest and most impor-
tant cities in all of Christian Iberia. Founded by the
Carthaginians and expanded by the Romans, the
city occupies a strategic location on the Mediterra-
nean coast —further support for Aragon's growing sea
power. The Visigoths considered Barcelona impor-
tant, as did Charlemagne, who incorporated it into
the "Spanish March" in the eighth century. The city
—and the rest of Catalonia — became part of Aragon
when Petronilla, daughter of King Ramiro, married
the Count of Barcelona in 1137. Since then, the two
own of Aragon,

realms have been united under the


even though some Catalonians chafe under the rule
of the Aragonese, with whom they do not even share
a common language.

Even so, Aragon does everything it can to ensure
Barcelona's continued happiness under Aragonese
tule. They pour money into the city and rebuild its
defenses and ports. Troops constantly throng the
city now, making their way toward King James's
invasion of the Balearic Islands. Colonists bound for
the Islands are also commonplace, many of them
from the frontiers of Aragon. Their unfamiliarity
with Catalonian ways has caused several noteworthy
incidents of public violence, which the king has
attempted to downplay, lest it spill over into some-
thing greater.

The Cainite prince is the Ventrue Mireia
Subira, the childe of the original prince of the
city, Ramon Vera. She has initiated a policy of
tolerance within her domain, a move that has won
her the respect of neonates at the expense of
elders, who would prefer a less flexible approach.
Given the Ventrue's current weakness in Iberia,
Mireia considers it a wise approach and has re-
buffed the elders, who have made no move against
her thus far. The Apostles of the Third Caine have
a presence here, as do mortal witch-hunters dedi-
cated to their destruction. In addition, foreign
Cainites from ports as far away as Constantinople
can be found here, adding to its cosmopolitan
flavor. Thus far, Mireia has managed to prevent
the outbreak of violence between the various
Cainite groups, a move that marks her as a far
more astute prince than many would give her
credit for.

Zaragoza

Located in north-central Iberia, Zaragoza (which
the Aragonese called Saragossa) has been an impor-
tant city since Roman times, when Cainites of Clan
Ventrue first established themselves there. The Moors
conquered the city shortly after entering the penin-
sula. The Ventrue prince, Flavius Sidonius, attempted
towork with the Ashirra, but they largely ignored his
attempts at rapprochement. The Muslim Cainites
established a separate sultanate within Zaragoza,
leaving Flavius with his unlife but bereft of the power
he'd known for hundreds of years. For the proud
Ventrue, that was a fate almost worse than Final
Death.

Aragon conquered Zaragoza in 1118 after a
lengthy siege. The Aragonese then set about elimi-
nating traces of anything relating to the Muslim

occupation, a practice Flavius has adopted as well.
Ofcourse, the prince hasn't been as successful as he'd
like, since he has little love for Christianity, which
he long considered a "religion for weaklings." This
attitude has limited the assistance he's received in
extirpating the Ashirra from Zaragoza. Under Aragon,
Zaragoza has become a solidly Christian city, with
innumerable churches and monasteries. Its people
have a triumphant air about them, secure in their
belief that the Reconquista will soon be over and that
Aragon will be victorious.

Since Las Navas de Tolosa, Flavius has attempted
to make overtures to Christian Cainites, including
members of his own clan. Ventrue elders such as
Aldegunda and Olayo have spoken of replacing
Flavius. They consider his long-standing hostility
toward Christianity to bea potential source of succor
for the Ashirra within Zaragoza. Flavius realizes how
precarious his position is, which is why some of his
advisors recommend he make a public conversion to
the Christian faith, amove that, ifdone properly and
with appropriate sincerity, might overcome the grow-
ing resistance to his rule. Thus far, Flavius has
rejected this suggestion, but the fact that the prince
is considering it at all is proof of how much things
have changed in the past few years.

Castile

Castile derives its name from the large number
of castles and fortifications that dot its rugged land-
scape. During the last century, the kingdom has
undergone many changes. Chief among these has
been its relationship with the neighboring kingdom
of Léon. The royalty of each realm has intermarried
with the other for years, resulting in many temporary
alliances and unions between the two kingdoms.
After Las Navas de Tolosa, the preeminent position
of Castile became apparent, and work was begun on
a more permanent union of the two crowns. That
union is finally achieved in 1230, under King Alfonso
VII. Now, Castile (or Castile-Léon, as some call it)
is the premier Christian state of Iberia and at the
forefront of the Reconquista.

The territory of Castile consists of three distinct
areas. The oldest is that once held by Léon and is a
land rich in history — a source of pride to its native.
Léon was a stronghold for the Visigoths who were
not conquered by the Moors. It is the birthplace of
the Reconquista, a fact locals do not hesitate to
announce to anyone who will listen. Old Castile is
another proud area, and it too has long resisted the

Moors. New Castile is the portion of the kingdom
that has been added most recently. It consists largely
of lands in the central plateau, and its rulers are
knights who have been allowed to settle the lands
they conquer in Castile's name. This arrangement
gives New Castile the flavor of a military encamp-
ment, which isn't far from the truth.

The Cainites of Castile are almost solidly behind
the Reconquista. Clan Lasombra is powerful here, as are
the Amici Noctis. This shouldn't be surprising, since
Archbishop Mongada has established his haven within
Castile. The Ashirra whostill exist within the kingdom's
borders are isolated and on the run, without much
likelihood of support from anyone except other Ashirra.
Similarly, the Apostles of the Third Caine are also
weak, a result of a campaign of rooting out these

Heretics and destroying them whenever possible. The
Lions of Rodrigo operate freely within Castile, inspired
by the legend of El Cid, which the Lasombra promote
as a way of channeling the zeal of neonates.

Compostela

Compostela is one of the most famous cities in
Christendom. Located in the northwest of the

Atlantic coast, the city has
never been conquered by the Moors, thanks to the
protection of its patron saint, James the Greater
(or so the locals claim). Legend tells of a miracu-
lous boat that brought the bones of the Apostle to
Compostela, where they were interred beneath the
city's cathedral. Stories also say that Saint James
has appeared mounted on a white horse and bran-
dishing a sword. In one famous battle, the saint is

peninsula, on the

credited with slaying thousands of Moors, earning
him the name Matamoros, or "Moor Slayer."

The city's association with the saint has made it
a popular pilgrimage site, the third largest after
Jerusalem and Rome. Pilgrims from all over Europe
travel to Compostela. Those who have done so earn
the right to wear cockleshells as a badge of their
devotion. On several occasions, the Moors have
attempted to destroy the city in order to dishearten
the Christians. Every time they failed, which has
only emboldened mortal and Cainite alike. The
Lions of Rodrigo, for example, use Compostela as a
base from which they strike against the Ashirra. The
city also boastsa large population of foreign Cainites,
brought to the area by stories of its spiritual qualities.


The Lasombra have a solid grip on Compostela
in the person of its prince, Reinaldo de Rubio. In his
mortal life, he was a knight who would have died
during one of the Moorish raids against Compostela
had his sire not Embraced him. Now, he supports the
Reconquista with a fervor of few other Cainites.
Reinaldo does not believe in accommodation or
compromise. He even sponsors young warriors who
wish to prove themselves in battle. He channels the
neonates' energies toward the Ashirra and their
mortal counterparts, hoping they will wreak havoc
elsewhere rather than in his domain.

Madrid

The occasional residence of the King of Castile,
Madrid is built around a fortress. Indeed, many walls
and towers surround the city, making it a fitting
home for the Castilian monarch. Located ona prom-
ontory that overlooks the Manzanares River, Madrid
boasts extremely hot summers and cold winters.
These extremes color the people who live here as
well. They are quite boastful of Madrid's
accomplishment and passionate about its prospects
for the future. Indeed, there are those who expect
Madrid to displace Toledo as capital of Castile,
something the king has never suggested even if it
makes a great deal of sense.

Madrid is the domain of the Lasombra. Three of
its most important figures, Ambrosio Mongada,
Silvester de Ruiz and Nastasio make their havens
here. All three direct the Shadow Reconquista from
within the city's high walls. Ironically, they allow
Ashirra and Jewish vampires to continue to exist in
Madrid. They do so not out of any principled toler-
ance, but because they feel they are potentially
useful tools, especially as the mortal Reconquista
enters its endgame. Provided the Jews and Ashirra
feed only on their own kind, they are not harassed
and indeed are offered some degree of protection
against Cainite zealots who would destroy them.

Toledo

Toledo has long been a capital city. The Visigoths
held Toledo before it was captured in 712, and the
Castilians reclaimed it from the Moors in 1085 after
alengthy siege. Most Muslims fled the city, but many
Jews remained, partially because the Christian rulers
instituted an unusually tolerantattitude toward them.
Over the years, the Jewish Quarter has thrived and
a small Muslim compound has grown up as well.
Relations between the three religions are as good as

growing

can be expected, given Christianity's dominant po-
litical position. Toledo boasts a remarkable collection
of scholars of all faiths and this, along with trade,
attracts visitors from all over Iberia.

Cainite society is extremely volatile in Toledo.
Its previous prince, the Lasombra Tercio Bravo, was
removed from power at the instigation of Elieser de
Polanco, one of the clan's leaders in the Shadow
Reconquista against the Ashirra. The Lasombra main-
tain loose control over the city's nights, despite the
ongoing disputes between the followers of Bravo and
de Polanco. In this mix are a wide variety of Cainites,
of all clans and affiliations — one of the reasons it's so
difficult for any single prince to take power for very
long. To date, the strife between factions has largely
taken the form of politicking and diplomacy, with
only occasional outbursts of violence. How long that
will remain the case is unknown.

Navarre

Navarre is an oddity on the Iberian Peninsula.
Older than most of the other Christian states and
with a proud history, it seems to have no future.
Navarre is hemmed in geographically by Aragon,
Castile and France. It does not participate in the
Reconquista, except in the most vague of ways, send-
ing some of its knights to fight on the front lines of
awar that long ago ceased to matter to the kingdom.

Once, during the reign of Sancho the Great
(1000-1035), Navarre could have formed the nucleus
from which a strong Iberian state would be formed.
Sancho divided his vast lands between his three
sons, however, and it has never played a prominent
tole since. In 1054, Castile forced Navarre to pay
tribute, and France exerts an increasingly large influ-
ence over the realm. Indeed, the Navarrese royal
family has intermarried with French nobility, guar-
anteeing that the kingdom looks to the north for its
future rather than the south. As the Reconquista
enters its final phase, Navarre is pushed increasingly
to the sidelines, and it's unlikely to play a significant
role in Iberian politics ever again.

In the Cainite world, Navarre also stands apart.
Ventrue and French Toreador dominate the scene,
with a good number of Malkavians and Nosferatu as
well. The Malkavians are a tightly knit brood, and
they view Roque, the Prince of Pamplona, asa father
figure to whom they defer for guidance. The
Nosferatu, on the other hand, are intensely loyal to
Navarre. Some, like the elder Ezkerra, wage a guer-
rilla war against the Toreador who have "invaded"

9 ‘ ea
PY N a Oe A a aaa OT aa \
hoe — IB as a |) ey
c= a =


ae + te

the kingdom since establishing closer ties with France.
The Ventrue are a vestige of better times, when the
Romans and Visigoths ruled supreme in the region.
Embittered and sullen, the
the power they once knew.

Pamplona

The capital of Navarre stands at the southern
end of the pass of Roncesvalles, where the Mus-
lims defeated the Frankish army under the
command of Roland. The defeat was immortalized
in The Song of Roland. The city is probably best
known for its festival in honor of its patron saint,
Fermine. Fermine was Pamplona's first bishop,
and his feast day is celebrated by the running of
the bulls, during which time the animals are set
loose in the streets while men young and old run
before them, hoping to avoid being gored by their
horns. Not all of them are successful. Pamplona is
also an important trading center, bringing mer-
chants from France and northern Europe to the
Iberian Peninsu

despair of ever regaining

a

At the moment, Pamplona is a city of intrigue
and diplomacy. As King Sancho VII advances in
years, his lack of an heir becomes ever more
significant. As things are now, Count Thibault IV
of Champagne stands to inherit the kingdom
should Sancho die. Emissaries from Aragon and
Castile work to prevent that outcome, though,
feeling that Iberia would be better served if Navarre
remained out of the hands of "foreigners." Sancho
has rejected these entreaties so far, so Frenchmen

are becoming ever more common in Pamplona,
adding to the sense that Navarre no longer mat-
ters to the flow of Iberian history.

The Malkavian Roque is Prince of Pamplona.
He rules his domain erratically, alternating be-
tween a light anda heavy touch as suits his whims.
This has led some, such as the Toreador Baldomar,
to believe that Roque is weak, possessed or both.
Roque is actually very much in control of his
faculties, though (for a Malkavian), and he under-
stands his childer better than any outsider ever

could. His seemingly erratic behavior is, in fact,
calculated to flush out his opponents so that he
may crush them. In the centuries since Roque
gained power, he has done so many times. He's
likely to do it many more, even against such a rival
as Baldomar, who considers himself a superior
breed of Cainite.

Portugal

Portugal is the youngest of the Iberian Chris-
tian states, founded in 1139 by Alfonso I Henriques,
who came from Léon to create his own kingdom.
Ironically, he spent his early reign fighting the
Léonese as often as the Moors, since Léon did not
initially recognize Alfonso's claim to indepen-
dence. Once he had achieved recognition from
the Holy See, Alfonso set about adding to his
domains. In 1147, he elicited the aid of English
and German crusaders to conquer the city of
Lisbon. Since then, Portugal has always been a
land in which foreign soldiers have been welcome.
Indeed, the kings of Portugal have encouraged
their presence by offering them land and titles in
exchange for ousting the Moors from the western
reaches of the Iberian Peninsula. This practice has

created some resentment among native Portu-

guese, but it's nevertheless accepted because of
the security it's brought the kingdom.

Portugal has had a rocky history of relations
with both the Church and its Christian neighbors.
King Sancho I, for instance, seized ecclesiastical
lands and infringed upon the rights of prelates
with impunity. While this act earned him the
enmity of Rome, it also endeared him to the
Apostles of the Third Caine, who saw in him a
potential vampiric messiah. His death in 1211 has
not affected their ardor — in fact, it has strength-
ened it. Under their leader, Balesquida, they are
certain that Sancho did not die but merely hides
himself from mortal and Cainite eyes until the
time of his revelation is at hand. Then, he shall
return and lead the Apostles into glory.

Brujah vampires are also powerful in Portugal.
While some elders look on the days of Carthaginian
rule in Iberia with nostalgia, younger Zealots see
only the opportunity for battle and honor. They
do not reject notions of a Cainite utopia so much
as ignore them. With the Reconquista in full swing,
they say, now is not the time to speak of such
things. These neonates and ancillae instead de-
vote themselves to battling Cainites from
al-Andalus and other Christian kingdoms, seeing
the present as a time to prove oneself in displays of
martial skill. Like their mortal counterparts, Por-
tuguese Cainites have a reputation for hot-blooded
zeal and impetuousness.

2a % =
yh Fad ated A
—Btte= Sa SES. - DARKAGES-EUROPE - ~


Coimbra

Coimbra is the capital of Portugal, having been
captured from the Moors in 1064 by Léon. Alfonso
I, however, took the city for himself when he estab-
lished Portugal as independent of Léon. Despite its
importance politically, Coimbra is a small city,
smaller than Lisbon, which outshines it in most
respects. Nevertheless, its pleasant climate (which is
rumored to have restorative properties) and cosmo-

ar

politan character gives Coimbra a unique charm.
The kings of Portugal lavish money on the city,
erecting strong walls and other defensive elements.
In addition, they maintain several palaces here,
which makes it the city to which diplomats
legates arrives when they enter Portugal.

and

For this reason, Coimbra is also an important
contact point in the Cainite world. Its Brujah
prince, Guilherme, is young as vampires go —
barely two centuries out of the Embrace. He claimed
the princedom by force of arms from its Muslim
sultan, who held on to his power despite the city's
changing hands in the mortal world. Guilherme is
surprisingly pacific for a Brujah, and he has initi-
ated few martial endeavors since coming to power.
In fact, he's shown the exact opposite tendency,
acting as a mediator between Christian Cainites
and Ashirra. Doing so has earned him the respect
of moderates on both sides, but has angered fanat-
ics like the Assamites and the Lions of Rodrigo,
both of whom view Guilherme as a threat to their
own agendas. Meanwhile, elders within his clan
openly wonder whether Guilherme is attempting
to rebuild Carthage in Coimbra, a plan the prince
denies even as his actions suggest otherwise.

Lisbon

Although it is not the official capital, Lisbon
nevertheless enjoys a position of honor within Por-
tugal. Located on the Tagus River, the Greek hero
Ulysses is reputed to have founded the city during his
attempt to return home after the Trojan War. An
important seaport during Roman times, the Moors
conquered and held it until 1147, when Alfonso |
Henriques liberated it. Under Portuguese rule,
Lisbon's fine port has come into its own. Traders and
soldiers from all over Christendom enter Iberia
through Lisbon, bringing with them goods and arms
to assist in the Reconquista.

The presence of so many people in Lisbon makes
it appear far larger a city than it actually is. Indeed,
the miles of walls that surround Lisbon — as well as
the danger of Moorish armies — have prevented the
city from growing as its population might require.
For the moment, the king hasn't seen fit to fund an
expansion of Portugal. Instead, he invests in improv-
ing its battlements and wharves, seeing these as the
keys to victory in the battle against the Moors.

Lisbon's Brujah prince, Macario, is somewhat
ak, being easily led by his advisors and courtiers,
which makes the city a battleground between a
variety of mutually hostile forces, many of them
imported along with the foreigners who throng the
city's streets. The Apostles of the Third Caine main-
tain a sizable presence in Lisbon. Their leader,
Balesquida, has set himself up in Lisbon and openly
preaches his blasphemous faith to other Cainites,
much to the chagrin of both the mainstream Heresy
and orthodox Christians. Meanwhile, neonates
swarm the city in search of adventure, caring little
for Macario or those who manipulate him for their
own ends.

we

Into the midst of this scene came the Lasombra
Vicente de Cardona. He arrived in Lisbon as a
representative of his clan, and he has wormed his
way into Macario's court. Vicente uses the prince's
weakness to his own advantage, securing for himself
a place in the city, all the while working to under-
mine the Brujah's hold on Lisbon. There's little
doubt that Vicente seeks to become prince himself,
but few seem to care. Neither the Apostles nor the
younger Brujah involve themselves much in local
politics, and Macario's own courtiers see Vicente as
just another piece in their quest for power in the city.

Of course, the Apostles play a significant role in
Lisbon's life. Aided by a Cappadocian named Nyssa,
these Cainites have established the city as the epi-
center of the cult of King Sanchoas the Third Caine.
When Sancho died in 1211, Balesquida announced
that this confirmed a prophecy from The Book of the
Shining Blood, the heretical bible used by the Apostles.
Sancho had gone into hiding, just as the Book had
prophesied, and it was the duty of the Apostles to
prepare the way for his return. Nyssa is intrigued by
the Apostle's devotion to this unusual belief. It's
unclear whether she accepts it herself, but, being a
Cappadocian, she's unwilling to pass up the chance
to investigate tales of a mortal who overcame death
without first accepting the Embrace.

Sg Zar OE nO re) ae ON
20 2 = IBERIA» — ee
> VA E>, . ~~" >


Notable Cainites

Ambrosio Luis Moncada,
Keeper of the Faith

6th-generation Lasombra, childe of Silvester de
Ruiz, walker on the Road of Night

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: AD 1153

Apparent Age: mid 50s

Ambrosio Mongada isa difficult Cainite to under-
stand. A devout Christian, he nevertheless believes
that his undead state is a curse from God, proof that he
is forever damned. Yet, he also believes that his damna-
tion frees him from thestricturesunder whicha Christian
must otherwise act. Consequently, Mongada has em-
braced his vampirism as a means to serve Christendom
— by doing cruel and blasphemous things that no
istshould ever have todo. Therefore, he
opposes the Cainite Heresy in all its forms (he has a
particular hatred for the Apostles of the Third Caine),
as well as Islam. At heart, he's a pragmatic man, who
maintains contacts even with his enemies if he feels it
serves his overall agenda, namely the conquest of the
entire Iberian Peninsula by Christianity — with Clan
Lasombrapulling the strings from the shadows. Mongada
isa formidable opponent, who is willing to wait for years
for his plans to come to fruition. His only weakness
appears to be his childe, Lucita, for whom he has
feelings that go beyond those of a sire for his brood.

Badr, Sultan of Granada

8th-generation Lasombra, childe of Marcos, walker
on the Road of Heaven

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 809
Apparent Age: indeterminate

Badr gives heart to those Ashirra who do not
wish to accept the inevitably of Andalusian defeat.
The fact that she hides her gender from all but her
closest allies only adds to her charisma. Many Cainites
in Granada and elsewhere believe that she is actually
aeunuch, but none suspect that she is a woman. Her
impassioned orations in support of a Muslim coun-
terattack certainly do not reveal her true nature,
which is why so many Ashirra have rallied to her
cause. Badr recognizes that Islam cannot reach ac-
commodation with Christendom. To do so would be
to play into the hands of master manipulators like
Ambrosio Luis Mongada, who already spin webs of
treachery across the peninsula. Consequently, Badr
has decided to fight fire with fire, employing strong-
arm tactics to convince other Ashirra to toe her line
and work against the Reconquista. Although it's
unclear whether Badr's approach will succeed, it has
certainly restored the morale of Granada's Cainites,
who now genuinely believe that they have a chance
of weathering the Reconquista, despite the growing
number of Christian victories since Las Navas de
Tolosa. Her stance has also attracted the attention of
Christian zealots such as the Lions of Rodrigo, who
have targeted her for Final Death if the opportunity
presents itself.


Balesquida, Apostle of the Third Caine

8th-generation Lasombra, childe of Anastasio,
walker on the Road of Heaven

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Rebel

Embrace: AD 962

Apparent Age: late 30s

The Asturian Cainite Balesquida was initiated
into the mainstream Cainite Heresy as a ghoul. When
his sire turned against the Heresy and accepted the new
gospel of the Apostles, Balesquida followed his lead.
Over time, he became an even more fervent believer in
its unusual teachings. Balesquida is not one to flee from
conflict, which is why the Apostles have gained such a
high profile in Portugal, eliciting the ire of Vibius
Fimbria, the leader of Heresy in the region. Even the
death of Sancho I in 1211 has not deterred the vigor
with which he pursues the cult's ends: conversion of all
Cainites before the day of Gehenna when the world
will be cleansed with fire, leaving only the faithful
Apostles to inherit the kingdom of Cz verthe-
less, Balesquida is as methodical and calculating as any
Magister. He rarely acts rashly or without forethought.
It's just these qualities that have made him sucha thorn
in the side of Christian and Heretical Cainites alike.

ine.



(HhAPCER FIVE:
ICALY

Oh, enslaved Italy, place of sorrow

Ship without captain ina storm,

Not respectable lady but place of corruption...
—Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy

The cities of northern Italy are preparing for war in 1230.
Frederick IJ, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire and King of
Sicily, returned from crusade in Outremer last year. The Holy
Roman Emperors have long claimed northern Italy as their
rightful lands. Most of the city-states rejected this claim and
fought hard against Frederick's predecessors to maintain their
independence. The members of the Lombard League (the alli-
ance of towns opposed to Frederick and the empire) wait to see
whether Frederick will again try to press his imperial claims to
Northern Italy.

Pope Gregory IX waits as well. The pope claims the middle
third of Italy as his territory, but he rarely has sufficient military
power to enforce that control. Should Frederick II conquer
northern Italy, the Papacy would be caught between Frederick's
current lands — which include the entire southern third of Italy
— and his new northern conquests. War between the empire
and the Papacy itself is possible.

"TFALY-*

POWERS OF DAY

MORTA

Ezzelino II da Romano — Lord of Verona.
Ruthlessly ambitious noble with Ghibelline sym-
pathies. Favored kine of Livia of Ravenna.

Frederick II — Emperor of the Holy Roman
Empire, King of Sicily and Naples. Ambitious
monarch recently returned from Outremer and
considering his options in Northern Italy.

Giacomo Tiepolo— Doge of Venice. Former
Duke of Crete.and podesta of Constantinople. A
man more focused on consolidating Venice's far-
flung colonies than affairs on the Italian mainland

Gregory IX— Pope. Reformer and politician
interested in expanding and consolidating papal
power in Italy.

Peter of Verona — Dominican friar-inquisitor
whoseemsdangerously knowledgeableaboutCainites.

The cities are merchant powers. They must
enough money to import grain, or they will starve
Their surrounding farmlands cannot supply them
with enough grain to feed more than half their
populations. War endangers this trade, because trade
ed, farmland
burned and peasants killed. But being vassals subject

sar

routes are disrupted, shipments se

to imperial taxes is no better for trade. The cities of
the Lombard League hope, but do not really expect,
that Frederick II will content himself with his terri-
tory in Sicily and Naples and with Germany
Italian merchants do business in every port of
the Mediterranean, at the Champagne Fairs, in
London, in Flanders, in the Holy Roman Empire and
along the Black S
even exploring across the
kingdoms and along the Silk Road to the Mongol
courts. (Marco Polo leaves for the Orient in 1271.)
This network of trade has brought wealth and power
to Italy's industrious citizens. Merchants use Arabic
numerals, double-entry accounting, insurance and
bills of exchange. The Templars are the supreme
bankers for Europe, but Italian banks are swiftly
becoming challengers.

prising merchants are
hara to the African

Immense wealth is also giving rich merchants
and guilds a voice in town government, challenging
the traditional control of urban nobles. The popolo,
or people, are demanding representation on town
eauncileandin town offices: ands voice in choosing

their leaders. It is a heady, revolutionary time.

2 ee ° Pir
SS ©

EE i,

ND NIGHT

CAINITES

Anicius the Golden — (8th-generation
Lasombra) Rival Prince of Florence with Guelph
sympathies. Were he not distracted by his battles
with Panfilo, he might be a strong leader of the
Guelph Lombard Cainites.

Augustus Giovanni — (4th-generation

‘appadocian) Head of the Giovanni family in
Venice. Primarily occupied with expanding his
family into the Venetian Mediterranean colonies.

Fabrizio Ulfila — (5th-generation Ventrue)
Currently in Bologna seeking promising universit
students as pawns, ghouls and childer. Opposes
other clans who seek to gain clerical influence in
Romeoramong the Dominicans through Bologna's
students. A potential Guelph leader if he weren't
busy with other plans.

Panfilo the Cruel — (8th-generation
Lasombra) Rival Prince of Florence with Ghibelline
sympathies.

Bandecca Manelli — (7th-generation Brujah)
Championofthepopoloin Florence, allied with Anicius.

Cato (Nosferatu ghoul) —Information broker
for the Nosferatu in Rome. A useful guide to
consult about mortal or immortal Roman politics.

Guilelmo Aliprando (6th-generation
Lasombra) Prince of Venice. Currently locked in
conflict with Alfonzo of Venice, Prince of
Constantinople (see Chapter Eight), over control
of Venice's colonies in the eastern Mediterranean.
Both Alfonzo and Guilelmo are concerned with
Greek Cainites' efforts to oust the Latins from
Constantinople and restore the Greeks.

Henricus Germanus (8th-generation
Ventrue) Prince of Siena, in the midst of disputes
with two Lasombra elders in Siena's countryside
and a group of Tremere within the city. Henricus is
a powerful Ghibelline spokesman willing to co-
vertly lend his ghouls to Frederick II's wars.

LiviadaRavenna—(7th-generation Ventrue)
De facto Prince of Ravenna and patron to Ezzelino
III da Romano. A Ghibelline supporter Embraced
during the waning nights of the Roman Empire.

Tommaso Brexiano — (8th-generation
Lasombra) Prince of the Venetian colony of
Negroponte. Currently trying to keep the Latin
Emperors of Constantinople and ousted Greeks
focused on Outremer and the Muslims, not on
Christian infighting.


NATIONINNAMEON

In 1230, Italy ismore an idea thana country.
There is no single language, no agreed-upon
weights or measures, no agreed-upon coinage,
not even an agreement about on what day the
year begins. To the extent that there is any
national feeling, it lies mostly in either support-
ing or opposing the Holy Roman Empire.

This chapter is about the geographic area that
modern readers think of as Italy, from the Alps to
the border of the Papal States, about two-thirds of
the length of the peninsula. It includes Corsica,
Sardiniaand
and Mediterranean. Sicily and southern Italy are
part of the Holy Roman Empire and are discussed
in Chapter Three.

/enice'smajorcoloniesin the Adriatic

Trying to keep track of the shifting alliances
and wars between city-states is futile for any but
the most dedicated scholar. This chapter will
discuss the major cities and their traditional
rivalries. The broad strokes of the major riv
are more important that the nuances. If Pisa
supports a city, then likely Venice and Florence
will oppose that city, each for their own reasons,
allies. The enemy of one's

one's friend. The Story-
ic goals of the

lries

and not necessarily
enemy is not alw
teller shouldk

major mortal factions and remember that
Cainites may be drawn into mortal politics in
Italy, just as they hav

The City-States

In most of Europe, the nobility dominates the
political landscape. Northern Italy, however, isdomi-
nated by city-states. Northern Italian city-states are
autonomous republics; some acknowledge the Holy
Roman Emperor as their nominal sovereign. The
city-states in the Papal States are more or less subser-

in mind the b:

been on various crusade:

vient to the pope, but actual control varies widely by
the strength of any particular pontiff. Southern Italy
and Sicily are basically feudal.

Each city-state isa tiny self-governing and fiercely
independent republic. Most have town councils, an
elected leader and open-air assemblies. Voting is
limited to adult male citizens with a certain amount
of property. This system and independence is unique
Cities elsewhere in Europe may have charters or
communes (government by council), but they are
still subservient to the local baron, count or king.

Politics in the city-states are violent. Supporters
of local notables literally battle each other in the

streets and alleys for control of the republic's coun-
cils. Nobles can kill merchants and artisans with
virtual impunity. Therefore, the merchants and arti-
sans gather together for mutual self-defense and
demand a place in the city government and justice
for their wronged. When things get out of hand, the
poor forma mob and riot against the worst oppressor.

When one faction wins control ofa city, it exiles
its most prominent rivals. The exiles go to a nearby
city controlled by their factions' allies and plot their
return. If they can successfully return, they expel
their rivals, who join their own allies and plot. It's a
fractious, divided system, but somehow it all works
well enough to satisfy the residents and allow mer-
chants to make a great deal of profit.

Governance

Trying to influence a city-state is much harder
than trying to influence a baron or count. For the
most part, the republics are worried about being
dominated by any one family or person, so they take
great pains to restrict and divide power. A Cainite
prince will have considerable trouble trying to direct
local affairs. (In roughly 50 years, some city-states
experiment with rule by a hereditary duke — signora
— which proves no less fractious and violent that
communal rule.) Cainites Embraced within the past
at the idea of a
single unchanging prince directing their actions.

century or so, however, will chafe

In 1230, only a few cities are controlled by
single family. Lasombra princes encourage move
toward single-family and hereditary control over the

cities as a way to secure their own power bases. In the
meantime, they may well encourage violent politics
to make mortals believe that democracy is a messy,
failed experiment that should be abandoned for

traditional autocrats.

Traditional Levers of Power

For the politically minded Cainite, three basic
sources of power predominate in a city-state. Most
city-states are ruled by an elected or appointed
administrator called the podesta. Podestas are cho-
sen from neighboring city-states because strangers

are deemed more likely to be honest, and less likely
to have local family or friends whom they might
favor. Terms in office are short — anywhere from six
months to a few years. The podesta's finances and
acts are carefully scrutinized after he leaves and
before he is paid. It is not generally worth the effort
for a vampire to suborn a podesta unless she has
immediate ambitions, as the podesta will only be in
a city for a short time. If the podesta is popular,

EZZELINO IIIDAROMANO

Ezzelino is the most famous sole ruler of
1230. In 1225, Ezzelino III took control of Verona
and is busy trying to extend his influence into
neighboring cities. In 1236, he allies with
Frederick II. Frederick gives him his illegitimate
daughter in marriage and lends him an army of
500 knights and 100 archers, which
uses to capture the neighboring cities of Padua
and Vic

elino

Once he allies with Frederick II, Ezzelino
rules not in the name of the republic or the
popolo, but as Imperial Vicar or merely "Lord."
He forbids the Inquisition in his territories,

refusing to allowa rival to his own power. Cathars

and other heretics peacefully reside in his lands.

Itisa haven for such people fleeing inquisitors in
Italy and France.

Ezzelino dies childless in 1259. He does not
establish his own family in his holdings. When
he dies, the republics revert to their old forms,
but other republics experiment with the stability
podestas. Eventu-
260, prominent noble families

of appointing nobles as lift
ally, around
such as the Visconti, Gonzaga, d'Este and della
Torre begin to rule city-states as signoria.

The Papacy accuses Ezzelino of all manners
of blasphemy, heresy and misdeeds as part of the
pope's attack on Frederick II and his allies. In
Dark Medieval Burépe: the Papacy'saccusations
lino is the favored kine of
Livia da Ravenna, who was Embraced during the
waning days of the Roman Empire and strongly
supports Frederick's imperial ambitions.

are well founded.

though, he may be appointed by other cities and
could become an agent in one's rival's cities. A
Cainite needs to be subtle in his influence; if a

podesta is too obviously a partisan of any particular

faction or family, then he will not be hired.

The second major source of power is the legislative
council, sometimes divided into a small Great Council
anda larger general council. In some cities, the council
has only a few members. In others, it may have several
hundred. Some councils are electe

others are ap-
pointed, and still others are chosen by lot from among
a list of eligible candidates. Generally, the councilors
and electors are drawn from the traditional noble
families (the magnates). In a few cities, the lesser
general council is elected by the popolo

The larger the council, the harder it is for any
Cainite to reliably predict its actions, let alone exert

influence over it. In future decades, some city-states
create ever-smaller Great Councils, which prove
easier for the insidious Cainites to affect. As it
stands, most princ

have some sway over the mag-

nates who themselves are, or have influence over,
the councilors.

The third source of power, and one of recent
invention, is the popolo — part militia, part trade
union, part political party, part mutual defense soci-
ety and part social group. Almost all city-states have
apopolo of some kind by 1230. Some members of the
popolo are wealthy commoners who are ineligible to
participate in the ruling councils because they are
the nouveau riche and not of noble blood. Others are
prosperous artisans, shopkeepers and crafters who
wish to lobby for better rules, taxes and food prices.
The urban poor and rural farmers are not normally
part of the popolo.

A popolo can have its own statutes, elected coun-
cilors (priors or anziani— elders), and a Captain (often
anoble appointed fromaneighboring city). The popolo
is usually part of the republic's government and bureau-
cracy, allied with one or more noble families. When it
opposes the republic, the poor may join it and riot. It is
possible, but not common, for the Captain of the
popolo to be elected podesta at the same time. Many
republics are wary of placing this much power in one
man's hands, however.

Older Cainites and those of noble birth often do
not understand the popolo. The idea of commoners
sitting in judgment over nobles seems to be against
nature and God. The idea that common people can
demand justice against a noble who kills or rapes a
commoner seems completely alien. Cainites Embraced
in recent decades from among the merchants and
artisans may well sympathize with the popolo and
understand how to use it to influence the city-state.

Bishops

Bishops are far less powerful in northern Italy than
they are elsewhere in Europe. If an English noble is
aggrieved by a bishop's decision, it takes months just for
an emissary to travel to Rome and petition for redress.
If a Florentine council is aggrieved, the papal curia is
only days away. This gives Italian bishops far less
autonomy than their more distant counterparts. More-
over, the struggle between the Papacy and the emperor
makes the Church seem much more like just another
ambitious landholder rather than a moral leader pos:
sessed of divine grace and wisdom. Theology and
accusations of blasphemy and heres

are used as politi-

cal weapons more often in Italy and Germany than
elsewhere in Europe, eroding the clergy's moral (and
temporal) authority.

The lands owned by bishops, monastic orders and
thenew mendicant orders tend to be smaller than those
elsewhere in Europe. This too reduces the power of
bishops and abbots.

Finally, bishops are also often elected from local
noble families, thus drawing them into the web of
alliances and vendettas within the republic. Since

bishops are elected for life, democratic city-s
suspicious of their power and try to restrict it.

Guilds

Guilds are another source of power. Many towns
have powerful guilds. Members of the guilds are gener-
ally proven masters of their trade or profession. Workers
are merely associates of the guild. The most powerful
guild members — usually the notaries, judges, bankers,
moneychangers, wool merchants, silk merchants, doc-
tors, apothecaries, wool manufactures, fur-dealers and
goldsmiths — are often leaders of the popolo or have
official roles in councils.

es are

Guilds are not just alliances of manufacturers.
They regulate manufacture, set standards, maintain
one or more churches, host feasts and festivals, pay
pensions to their elderly members, widows and orphans
and set wages for their workers. Guild statutes forbid
workers to rebel, to take oaths of solidarity, to try to
combine or organize, to strike or to boycott their work.

Guild masters can beat workers, but workers cannot lay
hands on their masters. Cheap labor is vital to most
merchants' survival. Wars, plagues or famine can drive
many guild masters into poverty.

Guilds are often governed by a council of mas-
ters. The Florentine Arte della Lana (Wool Guild),
like the republic, appoints someone from outside the
city asits inspector. The inspector (officialis forestierus)

has six guards and uncounted informers. He can

impose fines, beat, torture and even behead workers
for misdeeds, using substandard materials or sabo-
tage. He can cut off the right hand of anyone who is

permanently in debt to the guild with no possibility

of repayment.

Cainites Embraced in earlier centuries and those
of noble birth may disdain the mercantile ambitions
of guilds, as trade is beneath their dignity. Cainites
Embraced from the merchant c
potential power, and in fact an offshoot of the Road
of Kings called the Path of the Merchant has gained
considerable momentum in Italy.

The Condato
The countryside (condato) i

but not a major source of power. Most landholders live
in the city during the spring, fall and winter, then retire
to country estates during the hot summers. Serfdom is

see the guilds'

ital to a city-state,


being replaced by sharecropping, where farmers lease
their fields and livestock from year to year in return for
a percentage of their crops, eggs and other products,
either in cash or in kind. Peasants who own and farm
their land are uncommon.

The republic sets ceilings on grain prices to make
sure that the city is kept well fed and the urban
population does not become restless. The laws, courts
and contracts all favor urban landowners and forbid
tural boycotts or land-strikes. A rural community can
be fined the value of the deemed production of any land
it failed to cultivate. The republic also demands rural
labor at minuscule wages for drainage projects, forest
clearing, road building and bridge repairs.

In northern Europe, the city air can free a serf, if
he can survive there for a year or more. In Italy,
republics watched for farmers and had treaties to
return them to their rural homes. Robin Hood leg-
ends of heroic resistance to the republic are rare.

Even with strict control over the countryside,
the largest city's condato only grows enough food to
feed the city for half a year or less. For the rest, cities
have to trade for grain all along the Mediterranean
coast. These grain shipments are literally the life-
blood of the cities, which will go to war to protect
their ships and merchants.

A wise Cainite maintains a country estate or
refuge to which he can flee during urban unrest.
Cainites are not dependent on grain for food, but if
acity's residents are starving and fleeing, the Cainite
suffers alongside them.

City-States by Night

The city-states are crowded with Cainites, often
more than the urban population can readily support.
Cainites looking to establish themselves may infil-
trate one of a city-state's major families, making
selected members into its ghouls and Embracing
from the family. Doing so gives the Cainite a ready
base of power and protection but immediately brings
him into the family's alliances and vendettas. And if
the family is exiled from the city in a political
struggle, its houses may be burned or sacked —
which means that the Cainite almost certainly goes
into exile as well, moving with his family into some
foreign city or abandoning them.

Some Cainites have allies in multiple factions,
allowing them to stand above the mortal fray and
change pawns during unrest, but this balancing act is a
dangerous one. It is generally safer in Italy to stand with
one party or another than to stand with both or neither.
Thisisbecause due to the prodigious number of Cainites

in the city-states, vampires who dip their fingers into
more than one family are seen as greedy and danger-
ously power-hungry (and also tempting targets, as they
tend to overextend themselves). Some Cainites simply
try to avoid the whole affair, making their havens in
abandoned Roman aqueducts or catacombs. Others
seek their pawns within the Church, reasoning that
while families might come and go, God (or at least
religion) endures.

Guelphs and Ghibellines

Northern Italy has few overarching factions. Prob-
ably the most important division is whether one supports
the Papacy, and thus the independence of the republics,
or one supports the emperor and the imposition of a
central power over the republi

Two factions have emerged. The Guelphs, in theory,
were the party of the Papacy; the Ghibellines, the party
of the Empire. (The names come from German factions
within the Holy Roman Empire.) Calling oneself a
Guelph or a Ghibelline, however, often has little to do
with the large picture and much to do with local politics
in one's own city-state. Bartolo of Sassoferrato, an Italian
historian writing in 1355, explained that the names of
the two parties — Guelphs and Ghibellines — bore no
relation "either to the Church or to the Empire, but only
to those factions which exist in a city or in a province."

The factions are just forming in 1230. Inafew years,
the nobles in most republics are divided into Guelph
and Ghibelline factions, each with their own captains
and councils, each with military and diplomatic goals,
and each competing for power within the city's gover-
nance. This structure will be added onto the already
complex interplay of podesta, councils, popolo, guilds
and the cathedral chapter.

The roots of the Guelph-Ghibelline struggle are
in the Papacy's relationship with the Holy Roman
Empire. The Papacy has long claimed lands in cen-
tral Italy, but it lacks the military force to control and
defend those lands. When the Papacy needs an army
to expand its territory, expel invaders or quell unrest,
it calls on the Holy Roman Emperor. The emperor,
in turn, relies on the Papacy's support for its legiti-
macy in Germany.

The emperor's army comes across the Alps
through northern Italy demanding tribute and oaths
of loyalty from the northern communes along the
way to central Italy. Once the Papacy's problem is
solved, it realizes that the empire is a threat to its
territorial sovereignty and encourages the emperor
to return to Germany. If he is reluctant to leave, it
encourages unrest among the northern communes


to draw the emperor out of central Italy. The em-
peror battl
eventually drawn back to Germany to quell unrest
among the nobles who have grown restless in his
absence.

s with the northern communes and is

A few decades later, the cycle starts again.

The most recent struggle between the republics
and the empire started with the coronation of
Frederick | Barbarossa as Holy Roman Emperor in
1152. Frederick believed that he was entitled to all
sorts of duties and moneys in northern Italy, includ-
ing military service, taxes, fees and monopolies, but
the cities were not willing to grant him any of these
rights. Milan led the rebellion. The Papacy needed
Frederick's help against the Normans in Sicily at this
point, so it was willing to support him in return for
his aid. By the time the Normans were quelled and
Frederick was ready to turn his attention to the
northern communes, the Papacy had decided he was
a bigger threat than the Normans and refused to aid
him. Frederick took advantage of the then-pope's
death to influence the papal election in 1159, caus-
ing aschism. The schism was settled when Frederick
Iwas defeated by a league of the northern communes
at Legnano in 1176. In 1183, Frederick signed the

dence of the northern Italian republics. He agreed
that the cities had the right to elect their own
consuls, build fortifications and enjoy their past
customs.

Frederick's son Henry (later Emperor Henry IV)
was too busy with problems in Germany and in
southern Italy to interfere with the republics.

Frederick I's grandson, Frederick II, also has
ambitions to unite Germany and |
empire. He likewise has a complex and difficult
relationship with the Papacy over southern Italy.
The northern republics are wary in 1230. They
expect Frederick II to try to assert his rights as
emperor but hope not to have to fight another war.

aly into one

Their hopes will be dashed in 1231, when Fredrick
Il announces that the republics are illegal, and none
should usurp the role of appointed royal officials.
Communes that try to appoint podestas, consuls or
rectors would suffer "perpetual desolation, and all
the men of the city should be held as perpetual forced
laborers." Anyone who accepts such offices would be
executed.

Itisadeclaration of war. The Lombard League is re-
formed. Cities line up as allies or foes of the emperor.
Guelph parties expel Ghibelline nobles from the repub-
licsthey control and vice-versa. Politics shiftalong with
the fortunes of war, making this a tumultuous and
unsettling time for Italian Cainites.

The Papacy

Every major political figure, mortal and
undead, knows who the pope is. The best-
informed can name important cardinals and
papal advisors. The Papacy is the moral
backbone of Dark Medieval Europe.
The Papacy has influence over
every bishop's election, over
the major monastic order:
over every university. The
nd
heresy can inspire hundreds of
knights to battle. The Papacy's
recent endorsement of mendi-
cant friars has brought a new
kind of preaching to many Eu-

and

Papacy's views on crusade

ropean cities.
The Papacy is not entirely
abenign force. It is also a land-
holder with political ambitions
and a constant need for money
to pay for castles, soldiers and

ADISH

The Guelph-Ghibelline conflict is often
just aconvenient label for longstanding rivalries
and vendettas. Feuds between nobles are com-
mon enough in Europe, but the Italian vendetta
is something more potent. Italian noble families

live next to each other in cities, not on separate

rural baronies. They see each other in church
and on the streets. Their vassals, clients and
supporters encounter each other in marketplaces.
Rivalries turn violent. Whe
client is killed, a vendetta is declared until the

death is avenged.

anoble or favored

Vendettas can last for generations. A mur-
hild can satisfy
the demands of honor by murdering a member of
the killer's family 30 years after the original
death. This murder, of course, causes a reprisal,
so the cycle continues. Noble families ally with
other families for mutual protection, drawing
each other into webs of vendetta and alliance. It
isno wonder that the merchants and artisans feel
the
popolo and by trying to force the podesta to

dered man's great great-grand

eed to protect themselves through the

enforce order on the streets.

A noble-born Italian Cainite is likely to
follow the vendetta tradition, although he may
spend decades or centuries taking appropriate
reprisals on mortal and vampiric foes. Cainites
may also be drawn into mortal vendettas through
their still-living family.

architects. It collects fines and fees from across
Europe using the Templars as its bankers. It meddles
in noble marriages and annulments to suit its politi-
cal needs and desires. It favors its allies with grants of
land and power. It blasts its rivals with denuncia-

tions of heresy and foul deeds

The contradictions inherent in the Church come
to a head in Italy in the Papacy and Rome.

The Pope

The pope is the bishop of Rome and the elected
monarch of the Church. He is its guardian, its high priest
and its intellectual leader. He is also sovereign of the
Patrimony of Saint Peter, a loosely unified collection of
territories in the center of Italy. He wears the Fisherman's
Ring, the Double Crown, Saint Peter's Keys and the
pallium. (He won't be considered infallible on matters of
faith and morality until 1870, though.)

The pope's moods, politics, opinions and hobbies are
the subject of endless speculation and gossip among clergy

and the educated laity alike. Struggles between rival popes
elected by divided groups of cardinals are a matter for deep
spiritual crisis across Europe. Political disputes with the
papacy are dangerous for all involved —a secular lord risks
excommunication, and the pope himself risks appearing too
concemed with temporal matters.

The popes are men, although there are legends of a
disguised female pope, Pope Joan, who reigned briefly in
the ninth century and was discovered when she became
pregnant by a cardinal. Popes are typically older men.
(The cardinals were concerned about electing Innocent
Il] at the tender age of 37.) Most popes are Italian, and
of those, most are from Rome and the surrounding
countryside. Popes are commonly monks, bishops or
cardinals before their election.

The pope is elected for life. In 1230, the process
of election by a two-thirds majority of the cardinals
after a pope's death, and the ritual of presenting the
new Pope to the Roman people, has been basically
the same for nearly 200 years.

In 1230, Pope Gregory IX has just returned to
Rome from Perugia. On Easter Sunday, 1228, he was
attacked by a Ghibelline mob at the altar of Saint
Peter's after Ghibellines publicly read Frederick II's

y's excommunication of him in
1227. Gregory fled the city for Viterbo, and then
Perugia. He is called back by the city's sole senator
after a disastrous flood convinced the Roman public
to reconcile with the head of the Church.

The Cardinals

The cardinals are the most influential people in
the Church after the pope. Cardinals are the pope's
councilors, administrators and ambassadors. They
serve as judges, investigators and examiners of can-
didates for sainthood. They have various ceremonial
duties in and around Rome.

respon:

Like the pope, the cardinals are mostly old
Italian men from Roman noble families who have
spent their lives in the Church hierarchy. Their
number varies greatly depending on the needs of the
current pope. The pope appoints cardinals for life.
Therefore, their college represents the favorites,
politics and compromises of a series of dead pontiffs.
Here, as elsewhere in Italy, there are various factions
and camps.

The cardinals' best-known duty is to elect the pope.
Papal elections are drawn-out affairs. Unless the cardi-
nals try to postpone the decision by appointing a dying
man (an uncertain solution as popes tend to live longer
than expected), the process can be ghastly. An impa-
tient Roman mob can try to force the cardinals into a
decision by trapping the cardinals in the Lateran Palace

+ DARKAGES-EUROPE


and limiting their food to bread, water and wine. And
if the Roman people do not approve of the candidate,
a riot can ensue.

Cainites, like mortal nobles, try to influence the
papal election through the cardinals and their advisors
with occasional success. The cardinals are as likely as
any other person to be motivated by family ties, per-
sonal friendships, rivalries, ambition, greed or fear.

The Curia

The pope is also head of a large bureaucracy full
of officers, courts, administrators and clerks. Each
one has its own rules, schedules and fees. In 1088,
Urban II organized the bureaucracy into the curia.
The curia is divided into several main sections: the
chancery or writing-office, the chapel, the camera or
financial office and the cardinals. Its courts handle
cases of violent assaults on clerics and monks. It
handles disputes among churches, and between
churches and lay landholders over property rights
and tithes. It handles requests by nobles for annul-
ments. The curia is infamous for its inefficiency and
its susceptibility to well-placed bribes.

The Papacy's finances are complex, and it is also
developing a vast banking network through the
Templars to maintain its finances. In 1228, the
Papacy claimed one tenth of the income of every
bishopric, monastery and parish priest to finance a
war against Frederick II, in addition to various fees it
received from bishoprics and monasteries for various
documents and rights. Accounting for those sums of
money requires vast record keeping. The pope is
obliged to bestow gifts (beneficia and presbyteria) on
the Roman populace, officials and clergy to ensure
their support. Money i:
construction, on politics and on war.

Many Cainites try to cultivate allies and spies
within the curia, contributing to its inefficiency and
corruption. In general, they work through the lower
ranks of the curia where their influence is less likely
to come to the attention of reform-minded pontiffs.

Braving me, the City of a Chousand
Churches

Relations between Cainites and the Papacy are
complex. On the one hand, the curia is an immense
source of power, wealth and influence. On the other,
the Papacy embodies the faith of millions of believ-
ers. This faith makes it difficult for Cainites to
approach, much less directly influence the pope and
his closest advisors. Lasombra, Toreador, Setite and
Ventrue factions work indirectly through the curia's

ent on art, on repairs and

lower ranks and through prelates' families. Tremere
and Cappadocian scholars seek knowledge from the
papal archives. Adherents of the Cainite Heresy
seek to influence doctrine. Penitential Cainites on
the Road to Heaven often visit the various pilgrim-
age sites of Rome, getting as close as they dare to
powerful relics.

Pope Innocent III (1198-1216) was one of the
most powerful pontiffs. He was entirely free of super-
natural influence and made strong strides to root out
heresy, indirectly threatening many Cainites.
Ventrue interested in papal matters assumed that
Innocent III was acting under Lasombra suggestion
and tried to identify and thwart suspected Lasombra
pawns in the curia. Lasombra within the curia as-
sumed Ventrue influence of Innocent's actions and
took countermeasures. Their struggle increased some
clergy's awareness of vampiric infiltration, leading
to Innocent's championing of the Dominicans and
Franciscans as new orders free from corruption.

Through Innocent's efforts, the upper ranks of
the curia remain largely free of Cainite influence.
Individual priests, bishops and even cardinals are
willing or unwitting pawns of various factions, but
none of the factions has been able (or willing) to put
an end to the dangerous work of friar-inquisitors. At
best, each of these factions is busy trying to steer the
Inquisition away from their allies and distract them
with rivals.

Patrimonium Sancti Petri

Central Italy has been claimed as the pope's
domain for several centuries. Legend held that bap-
tism by Pope Silvester cured Emperor Constantine
of leprosy. In gratitude, Constantine gave the Church
the western half of his empire and kept Byzantium
for himself. Constantine's donation covered much
of central and northern Italy. The papal archives
include an eighth-century document that claims to
be a copy of the original fourth-century donation.
(Some Cainites familiar with the time say that
Constantine made no such donation and that the
document is a recently penned forgery.)

The pope's authority over his claimed lands has
waxed and waned. In the eighth century, Stephen II
asked the Franks (the ancestors of the French kings)
to help him conquer and hold central Italy against a
northern Italian kingdom. King Pippin came across
the Alps, defeated the Lombards and gave the pope
control over Ravenna and the duchy of Rome. This
the start of the Papal States. It was also the start
of a strong link between the Papacy and outside
armies that could help it defend its territories.

on

re SS = 2
ia ~ a. Oe
Sats SS == ~ATALY — ee aS = BS
ae OS > ar y


CATHARS
The Cathars are active in Italy as well as
in southern France. Those who abjure their
heresy (see page 39 for a discussion of Cathar
beliefs) after being captured are subject to
perpetual imprisonment. Repentant Cathars
are imprisoned in monasteries such as Monte
Cassino and Cava where they cannot relapse.
Those who refuse to recant are burned. Every
person is obligated to report suspected heresy
to their priest, bishop or a friar-inquisitor on
communication. Bodies of suspected
re exhumed and burnt as a vivid
ion that the unrepentant heretic
is damned and barred from holy ground.
Accusations and inquests are soon part of
Italian inter-family quarrels, struggles between
Guelphs and Ghibellines, and communal poli-
tics. Cities that have long struggled against
their bishops are unwilling to simply comply
with papal decrees against heretics. Some are
sympathetic to the Cathars, others just op-
pose giving more power to the clergy, In
many cities, Cathars are able to live and
preach peacefully, and they offer shelter to
their comrades in southern France.
Peter of Verona (canonized in 1253) isa
noted Dominican friar-inquisitor in 1230. In
1234, Gregory IX appoints him Inquisitor of
Northern Italy. Peter's parents were Cathars;
he is all-too-familiar with their faith and
their havens. He is also suspiciously well
informed about Cainites. His unveiling of
strongholds of the Cainite Heresy around
Milan lead some Heretics to suspect that a
traitor is in their midst. Peter is murdered by
an assassin believed to be a Cathar in 1252,
on a journey from Como to Milan. (The
Cathar is framed. Peter recognizes the true
: mbra priest of the Cainite
: in first strikes him in the
head with an Peter rises to his knees to
pray. Offering his blood as a sacrifice to God,
he dips his fingers in it and writes on the
ground the words: "Credo in Deem" (the first
words of the Apostle's Creed). The murderer
then pierces his heart. Peter's body is carried
to Milan and laid in the church of Saint
Eustorgio. The following year, he is canon-
ized by Pope Innocent IV.

+DARKAGES-EUROPE -


The Papal States' size fluctuated over the following
centuries. In 1115, Countess Matilda of Tuscany, a
strong supporter of the Papacy, died and left many of her
lands to the pope. The popes and emperors argued over
the exact borders of Matilda's lands, even while popes
actively sought the emperor's military aid to pacify
rebellious towns, drive out invaders and quell unrest.
The southern border of the Papal States with Naples is
particularly fluid. The Papacy claims that the kings of
Sicily hold the southern lands as vassals of the pope.
Frederick II (the current King of Sicily)
that the claim is weak at best.

Innocent III actively strengthened papal con-
trol over the Patrimony. The borders were confirmed
in a bull issued in the name of the Empire in 1213
which listed the Papal States including all of Matilda's
lands and the disputed lands along the Naples bor-
der. Frederick II has not contested the Papacy's
claims in northern Italy, but has fought over the
disputed Norman border. Tensions between Frederick
IL and the papacy are likely to result in further wars
in the Papal States.

The Papal States are loosely governed by various
papal appointees — vicari — and weak republics.
The papal appointees are notorious for their corrup-
tion. Papal control varies with each individual pope,
but the loyalty of the Papal States is weak at best.

Cainite princes are as active in the Patrimony as
elsewhere in Italy. The Papacy is just another mortal
landholder, whose appointees and agents can be
ignored, influenced or dominated as needed when
they interfere with Cainite affairs. The weakness of
the Papacy makes unlife in the Patrimony danger-
ous, especially on the border with southern Italy.
Wars over land, sieges and fires threaten Cainites
domains and hunting grounds.

Universities

Cainite scholars can study at, or at least peruse
the books of, Italian universities at Arezzo (founded
1213), Bologna (1088), Modena (1175), Naples
(1224), Padua (1222), Salerno (ninth century) and
Vincenza (1204). Bolognaand Salerno were the first
permanent European organizations of scholars and
students. Each started as guilds for
to the existing guilds for wool makers and butchers.
Most universities have a charter from the Papacy
that allows graduates to teach anywhere in
Christendom. Naples, chartered by Frederick II, is
not recognized by the Papacy. Its graduates may
teach only within Frederick's kingdom. Salerno is a
noted medical school, but it is also not chartered by
the Papacy.

ms to feel

holars, similar

>

The universities are among the few places where
students from different cities and political factions can
meet in relative safety, since the university and not the
republic has the legal right to regulate and punish its
students. Italian universities differ from those in France
and England because the pope and curia are nearby and
the bishops are relatively weak. Students are also pro-
tected (since 1158) by the Holy Roman Emperor,
which decreed that scholars should be able to travel
without harm or hindrance and that their professors or
the bishop would have full rights to judge criminal or
civil complaints against them. If a university is recog-
nized by the Papacy, then the pope will support its
masters against a podesta or republic.

Bologna's university specializes in law and has
about 10,000 students. It is the oldest and most
famous school of law in Europe. Many of its alumni
have gone on to positions in the papal curia. A few
have become cardinals and popes. The university,
like other Italian organizations, is divided into
two bodies: the Universita degli Ultramontani (non-
Italians) and the Universita dei Citramontani
(Italians), each with its own rector. It is further
divided into various nations of students from dis-
tinct regions. The nations, like the popolo, are
communal self-protection groups, in this case for
students from outside the city who are otherwise
at the mercy of local inn-keepers, tradesmen and
mobs of other students. (This nation system de-
veloped at Bologna and was adopted by most other
universities, including Paris.) The nations also
elect councils to govern themselves, and rectors
who (as a whole) set rules for the university.
Although the student-rectors can make rules, hire
and fire faculty, and set faculty salaries, only the
faculty can decide whether a student is eligible for
a degree.

In 1219, Honorius III gave the Archdeacon of
Bologna exclusive authority to confer the doctorate
onstudents in Bologna, thus making him the equiva-
lent to the chancellor of Paris's university. (The
doctorate was required to become a member of a
faculty at any university.) Naples issues degrees that
are valid for teaching only in Frederick's lands.
Frederick is negotiating with the Papacy so that
Naples may be recognized as a full university, able to
issue degrees that are valid anywhere in Europe.

The 14 largest Ultramontani "nations" include
England (divided into England and Aquitaine),
France (divided into seven nations for different
regions), the Holy Roman Empire, Hungary and
Poland. The Citramontani nations are Roman (area
around Rome), Tuscany (areas around Florence
and Siena, and around Ravenna and Venice) and

= re — —y
Ss \ ~ a ee, ~~ =~ me
ee a ke — i= lead

> eg \ Seat Sa 8 s LS ae SN 2


Lombardy (areas around Genoa and Milan). Stu-
dents also divide themselves between those
studying the arts (artisti) and those studying other
subjects (guiristi). The two groups live in separate
parts of Bologna and often brawl.

The tensions between various nations and
within the republic led students and faculty to
leave Bologna to found the universities at Vincenza
(founded 1204), Arezzo (1213) and Padua (1222).
Although they are smaller and less prestigious

than Bologna, each copied the basic organization
of nations and university.

Cainite scholars often visit the universities to
search for lost works and debate legal and philo-
sophical questions. Although classes are held
during the day, often in church buildings or court-
yards, students are often up late into the night
drinking, arguing and studying. Cainites can also
seek out prominent mortal scholars and trade
knowledge for services. Given the international
draw of Italian universities, they are excellent
hunting grounds for contacts, pawns and poten-

tial childer.

The Major City-States

Chronicles in Italy depend very much on the
location. A Cainite's native city-state affects not just
his social outlook and politics, but his very personality.
A debate between three recently Embraced vampires
from Florence, Siena and Venice should reveal stark
differences in their views on power, class, obedience to
a prince and respect for the clergy. Storytellers should
emphasize the extreme civic pride of the republics, their
violent factional politics, and their class divisions. A
newly Embraced Cainite from the popolo of Bologna
may have trouble obeying a dictatorial prince in Milan
who was Embraced when the Lombard kings ruled
northern Italy. A newly Embraced Cainite from Milan,
on the other hand, may find the rough-and-tumble
chaos of Florence's rival princes deeply troubling.

re

Rulers are given for cities where the ruler serves
more than a short term as podesta.

Ancona

Ancona is a maritime republic and rival to Venice
along the Adriatic coast of Italy within the Papal States.
The city fought several wars with Venice in 1168 and
1173, and does so again later this century.

Local Cainites are amused that Ancona's cathe-
dral, Duomo San Ciriaco, is built over a Temple to
Venus. Walkers on the Road of Sin delight in trying

to tempt the cathedral chapter to licentious deprav-
ity and spreading rumors of a Curse of Venus which
tempts clergy into shocking acts of carnality.

Assisi

Assisi is the birthplace of Saint Francis, founder
of the Franciscan Order. It is a rival of its neighbor
Perugia. The city was besieged and destroyed by
Charlemagne in AD 773. Charlemagne then rebuilt
the city and repopulated it with locals loyal to him.
The cathedral, Duomo San Rufino, is the third built
on the site. Legend says that it is built over the grave
of the Roman goddess Ceres, killed here in the fourth
century. This legend has some truth to it. The
church is built over the tomb of the Gangrel
Methuselah Opoin, who was staked by Saint Rufino
and left imprisoned. At present, no other Cainite
knows what happened to Opoin. Her tomb is ex-
tremely well protected by solid stone, ancient holy
relics and what might be early thaumaturgic wards.

Construction on the basilica to Saint Francis, San
Francesco, began shortly after his canonization in 1228.
Franciscans are divided over whether their founder
would approve of the vast memorial. One of Francis's
followers, Elias (see sidebar), is supervising its construc-
tionin 1230. The basilicawill be finished and consecrated
in 1253.

The rapid growth of the Franciscan order and the
growing crowds of pilgrims have made Assisi uncom-
fortable formany Cainites. Maiaradod' Assisi,a Nosferatu
ashen priest on the Road of Heaven, protects Saint
Francis's basilica and his remains from relic hunters and
Cainites who would defile Francis's memory. He aided
a group of mortal friars in hiding Francis's remains deep
under the basilica to protect them from theft or desecra-
tion. The friars subsequently forgot the exact location of
the remains. (The relics will not found until 1818.)

The basilica's treasury contains the "Veil of the
most Holy Virgin," which can only be shown to the
public in the presence of Assisi's bishop.

Bologna

Bologna is an old Etruscan city which was con-
quered by the Gauls and later the Romans. It was the
capital of the Lombard kingdom in 711. It is signifi-
cant for its university. The city has had a podesta
since 1153, and it has three councils.

Currently, unrest between the republic and its
bishop (who holds 10 castles in the condato) roils in
the city. In fact, the city revolts against the bishop in
1231-33 and seizes three of the bishop's castles. The
city is placed under interdict by Gregory IX and the


university closed until it reaches a truce with the
bishop in 1233. Despite this current tension, the city
is Guelph in its sympathies and opposes Frederick II.
There is also unrest between the city and its podestas.
In 1195, one podesta had his teeth forcibly extracted
bya group of nobles who were angry abouta fine he'd
imposed on them. In 1231, another podesta is at-
tacked by a mob, which destroys part of the podesta's
palace and record halls after a dispute with a power-
ful local merchant. In 1269, another mob sets fire to
the podesta's palace because he refuses to grant bail
to a guild master accused of a crime.

Rumor has it that Bologna's oldest church, Saints
Peter and Paul, holds the true tomb of Saint Peter.
The Papacy is not amused with this rumor, and it has
threatened to close the church if it does not deny the
rumor. Bologna's cathedral, San Pietro, was rebuilt
in 1161 after being destroyed in a fire and more
recently was damaged ina 1222 earthquake. Repairs
are underway in 1230.

The city isalso home to two Dominican monaster-
ies—Santa Maria della Purificazione, founded by Saint
Dominic in 1218, and San Niccold delle Vigne, where
Saint Dominic died in 1221. Fabrizio Ulfila, the Aryan
bishop-turned-Ventrue, who will be the decisive Cainite
power behind the Spanish Inquisition one night, has
been in Bologna since Dominic's death. Fabrizio dwells
near the university and hunts for promising pawns,
ghouls and childer among the students. He is especially
interested in Dominicans. Fabrizio also opposes other
clans' efforts to influence the clergy through Bologna's
students. He intermittently dabbles in mortal politicsas
a Guelph supporter but is primarily interested in the
Dominican order over the long term.

Florence

Thirteenth-century histories say that Florence was
founded ina field called chiés Mars after the Roman god
of war. Several suggest that, this being so, itisno wonder
that Florence is often plagued with war and civil
discord. Florence is a traditional rival of Pisa (which
controls its access to the sea) and Siena.

Florence was the seat of the Marquess of Tuscany
in the 11th and 12th century. It is part of the lands
that Countess Matilda of Tuscany gave to the Pa-
pacy when she died, which are disputed between the
Papacy and the Empire. Florence is traditionally a
Guelph city, but it has a strong Ghibelline faction
that intermittently seizes control or is in exile.
Florence's Guelph-Ghibelline conflictstarted in 1216

after a scion of a Guelph family was murdered by a

youth of a Ghibelline family in a marital dispute.
The feud quickly drew in both families' political


SAINT FRANCIS, SAINT CLAIREAND ELIAS

Francis Bernardone was born in 1182 to a
wealthy draper's family. He served as a soldier in
one of Assisi's wars against Perugia and was a
captive there.

In 1202, he saw visions of the Virgin and
Christ during an illness. He gave up his wealth,
donned rags, and began to beg and preach. In
1210, he wrote his rule for the Order of Minors,
mendicant monks, later known as Franciscans. In
1224, he received the stigmata — oozing wounds
on his hands and feet similar to those Christ
received at the crucifixion. Francis died in the
valley below Assisi in 1226. He was canonized in
1228 in an elaborate ceremony.

Francis's contemporary, Chiara Sciffi (Saint
Claire), was born the eldest daughter of the Count of
Sasso-Rosso in 1194. She heard Francis preaching in
Assisi in 1212, fled her noble family and became a
nun. She stayed with Benedictine nuns for a year,
where her father tried first to persuade her to return,
and then to kidnap her. Her sister Agnes, who also
fled their family, joined her in the convent.

Francis helped Claire and Agnes settle at San
Daminao in 1215, where she founded the Order of
PoorLadies (Poor Clares). Her followers live in strict
enclosure from the public, and they subsist by beg-
ging in the enclosure, helped by attendant
Friars-Minor (Franciscans). The Poor Ladies' rule
was approved by Honorius III in 1219, and it is very
similar to that of the Benedictine nuns. The rule was
modified by Gregory IX in 1228 to allow the order to
live in communal poverty. (The order's close asso-
ciation with the Franciscans ends in 1267 when the
papacy becomes the order's patron.) Claire dies in
1253 and iscanonized by Alexander IV in 1255. Her
body, like that of Saint Francis, is hidden in 1260,
and it is not found until 1850.

Elias, one of Francis's earliest followers, was
named Vicar-General of the Order of Minors by
Saint Francis in 1221. When Francis died, Elias
took over both the order's spiritual and adminis-
trative leadership. He was deposed as
Vicar-General in 1227 because of disputes over

supporters and turned into a struggle between the

city's two political factions.

Florence is governed by a Council of the Com-
mune. It is divided into four quartieri, each in turn
divided into four wards. The busiest parts of the
city are the area around the Ponte Vecchio (a
Arno river), the Orsanmichele

and the Mercato Vecchi (Old

bridge over the
grain market)

his fund-raising for Saint Francis's basilica. He
then made the basilica his full-time project. Vari-
ous Franciscan factions oppose him as he tends
toward a wealthy lifestyle with fine clothes, well-
dressed servants and skilled cooks. There are rumors
that he is Ghibelline, sympathetic to Frederick II,
and that he dabbles in alchemy. (Elias is deposed
in 1239 by Gregory IX after a long-running politi-
cal dispute over his wealth and the goals of the
order. He will, in fact, join Frederick II in 1240 and
be excommunicated by Gregory IX for his faith-
lessness. Elias serves as Frederick's ambassador to
Constantinople and Cyprus, and he builds a
Franciscan church and convent in Cortona. He
dies in 1253, reconciled with the Church but not
with the Franciscans, who disinter his body from
the Cortona church and discard his bones.)

The Franciscan order is a perplexing new
development to many Cainites. There have alway
been popular preachers, often barefoot
who wander about preaching against wealth and
power. Before the Franciscans and the Domini-
cans, most would-be reformers were either branded
heretics by the local bishops or were destroyed by
disillusioned followers when they eventually failed
to measure up to their own preaching. The
Franciscans and the Dominicans are recognized by
the Papacy and independent of the local bishops.

Cainites understand the strict rules of the
Dominicans. Many will seek to turn the friar-
inquisitors to their own ends, or at least steer them
toward their rivals. The Franciscans emphasis on
humility is more perplexing. Some Cainites see
stories of Saint Francis taming the wolf as a meta-
phor for divine forgiveness for vampires. Oth
perceive the Franciscans as wandering papal spies
who stir up unrest among mortals.

nd poor,

The Franciscan order's struggle between
Francis's ideals of humility and poverty and its
growing popularity and wealth from benefactors'
donations may also attract Cainites who wish to
preserve the order, pervert it, or merely bend it to
their ends.

Market). Construction on the Franciscan church
of Santa Croce began in 122

The heart of Florence's economy is the woolen
nt factors buy the finest fleeces
from England and Flandersat the
ship them to the city. The wool is prepared in several
steps. The aid at a piece-work rate for each
task. The wool thread is woven into cloth, dyedandsold

cloth industry. Merck
ampagne Fairs and

orkers are


across Europe. The Lana guild has jurisdiction over the
entire cloth industry. Its members are limited to the
lanaiuoli — the wealthiest merchants and mill owners
— subcontractors and salaried workers are excluded.

Cainite Florence remains divided between two rival
princes — Anicius the Golden and Panfilo the Cruel.
Aniciusisallied with the Guelph party and with Bandece
Manelli of Clan Brujah, the patron of the popolo.
Panfilo is allied with the Ghibellines. Visitors to the city
may easily be drawn into the conflict. It is difficult to
properly greet both princes without rousing the ire of
either. The running struggle between Anicius and Panfilo
has driven many Cainites from the city, leading to a
lower number than the population would support. Some
Cainites visit Florence, either for personal reasons or to
lend support to one of the contenders, but most Cainites
prudently wait for the city'

a

s politics to settle.

Suture Fates

Florence is a leader in the struggle against
Frederick II and his successors. The city's Ghibellines
are exiled in 1258. That order will tip the balance
between Anicius and Panfilo by exiling many of
Panfilo's mortal allies and ghouls. Panfilo himself
ve the city, and he dies at the hands of
Anicius, who leaves him staked and tied to the
Roman Statue of Mars at the foot of the Ponte
Vecchio to greet the sun.

Genoa

Genoa lies on the Ligurian coast at the base of
rugged cliffs. The rivers that surround Genoa are not
navigable, and they are unreliable sources for water-
powered mills. It has a small hinterland with poor
soil. Trade can reach the upper Po valley through a
pass (1,548 feet) and the old Roman Via Postumia.
For the most part, Genoa depends on grain imports
from Sicily and other ports.

The Muslims sacked Genoa in AD 934-35. The
city rebuilt and became an independent republic. In
1098, Genoese ships transported the First Crusade to
Outremer. The Genoese were rewarded with the
bones of Saint John the Baptist. Genoz
the right to create its own community in Antioch.
Genoa received other important trading rights and
tax immunities throughout the Crusades. King
Baldwin | of Jerusalem confirmed its rights in an
1104 charter.

The Genoese republic was created in 1099.
Before that, the city was ruled by its bishop, local
nobility and perhaps important merchants. Genoa's
consuls were chosen by the campagna, a self-selected
group of Genoese merchants. Genoa's guilds were

so received

a en ee eS ae

nhTALY

I ccadpanepenan cenigtioetiggeaenemmepiemmnpesnd?

fairly weak. In 1190, the city leaders replaced the
republic with a podesta and a committee of eight
rectors in hopes of settling continuing unrest.

Genoaisa traditional ally of the Greek emperors
of Byzantium. It supported the exiled Greeks even
more strongly after Venice expelled many Genoese
merchants from Constantinople and major colonies
in the wake of the Fourth Crusade. It is a traditional
rival of Pisa, with whom it intermittently fought a
war between 1162 and 1175.

Genoa, like Marseilles, has an unsavory reputa-
tion because of the Children's Crusade. In Marseilles,
many of the naive young pilgrims were sold into
Egyptian slavery (or worse) by unscrupulous mer-
chants. In Genoa, some of the pilgrims were sold into
slavery. Some became laborers and child-prosti-
tutes, food or toys for Genoese Cainites. Only a few
pilgrims went on from Genoa to Rome.

Atpresent, the city is dealing with the aftermath
of a failed coup in 1227 and with unrest among the
various villages of its coastal condato.

Genoa has trading colonies in Outremer, primarily
in Acre and Tyre. The colonies are walled districts,
with their own churches, butcher shops, baking ovens
and warehouses, which are legally under Genoese law.
When the Genoese helped capture a city, they were
usually awarded a third of its area, tax exemptions and
administrative and judicial autonomy. For example,
Genoa has a square in Antioch with 30 houses, a
warehouse, a well, its own church and perpetual ex-
emption from taxes. They held a section in Jerusalem,
street in Jaffa and a third each of the area and customs
revenues of Acre, Arsuf and Caesarea. Many of these
colonies have been lostas the Muslims re-conquer parts
of Outremer.

Cainite Genoa is best known for the Ravnos
pirates who travel among Genoese freebooters in the
Mediterranean. Lately, these freebooters have been
plundering Venetian ships and colonies, in a loose
alliance with Byzantine Cainites. The city's Cainites
swer to a closed circle of Cainite elders, mostly
Lasombra from the d'Agostino family. These elders
tolerate only a small number of childer and ghouls.
inite crusaders and merchants are welcome a
long as they do not cause trouble and do not stay
overlong. Childer are encouraged to emigrate to
Genoese colonies in Outremer or help quell the
Lupine "infestations" in Corsica and Sardinia.

ar

Corsica

Corsica is a mountainous island. Most settlements
are along the coast. Genoa took control of Corsica in
1121, when it bribed Pope Calixtus II to revoke the

te

SSS

Se SS


Pisan archbishop's right to consecrate the Corsican
bishops. Calixtus II issued a papal bull confirming the
Genoese right in April 1123. The Papacy awarded
Corsica to Genoa as a papal fief in 1133.

Corsica is home to a few Gangrel and a number
of Lupines in its mountainous interior. The coastal
settlements are too small to support more than one
or two Cainites on a permanent basis.

Sardinia

Sardinia, like Corsica, is a mountainous island. It
has many ruins of prior settlements including several
thousand nuraghi (fortified towers) dating from the
second millennium BC. It has been settled by the
Phoenicians, Carthaginians, Romans, Byzantines and
Muslims. The Gangrel in the interior Embraced childer
from all of its invaders, while fighting to keep various
other Cainitesconfined to the coasts. Sardinian Gangrel
and the local Lupines both want to drive invading
Cainites out of the island, but are not allied. At best,
they attack invaders in preference toeach other. Unfor-
tunately, silver mines in the southwest of the island
keep drawing fresh invaders into Sardinia faster than
the Gangrel and Lupines can keep them out. The
Lupines avoid the silver mines, but patrol the areas
around them, making sure that no vampire gets near
these resources.

Milan

Milian seems an odd site fora city. It is in the open
on the Po plain, without any natural defense or even
access toa navigable river. Itis, however, convenient to
several Alpine passes. It has been the seat of emperors
(fourth century), kings (10th century) and bishops who
rivaled Rome in power (11th century). In recent years,
it has declined to merely a large city-state. It isa center
for making weapons and armor, with some of the finest
weapons-smiths in Europe providing arms for the em-
pire, crusaders and the city-states.

Emperor Conrad II gave the city itscharterin 1055.
The city intermittently struggles with its powerful
bishop over governance, territories in the condato and
the election of new bishops. Milan fought against
Frederick I Barbarossa. It was forced to surrender in
March 1162, was burned to the ground, and its lands
were salted. Undaunted, Milan led the formation of the
Lombard league in 1167 and its revival in 1226.

Since Milan's nobles are mostly Ghibelline and
sympathetic to Frederick II, the city's government,
the Credenza di San Ambrogio (composed of 12
members representative of the three orders of citi-
zens), and the General Council are considering the

creation of a Captain of the Popolo who will represent
their Guelph sympathies. (They do so in 1240, much
to the nobles' displeasure.)

Many of Milan's Ventrue Cainite elders were killed
in the fire of 1162. The remainder, mostly Germanic
Ventrue Embraced during the Lombard era, have tried
to preserve their traditional authority. Cainites Em-
bracedsince therepublicare restlessand open to Lasombra
promises of greater autonomy under a Lasombra prince.
Should another fire, military defeat or riot present an
opportunity, it is likely that Milan's childer will revolt
and try to take over the city. Whether Lasombra prom-
can be trusted is another question entirely.

Pisa

Pisa, a former Etruscan city, has been an indepen-
dent republic since 888. It is a rival of Genoa, Florence
and Venice, and it is strongly Ghibelline in politics.
The city is at the confluence of the Arno and Serchio
ven miles from the ocean, and, on average,
only 12 feet above sea level. The region around Pisa is

very swampy, and malaria is common in the spring and
summer.

rivers

Pisa controls Elba island and its important iron
mines. It lost control of Corsica to Genoa in 1121. It
captured Sardinia in 1015, but lost control of the island
to Genoa in 1164. After a war with Genoa (1162-
1175), thecitiesagreed toshare Sardinia. Pisaconquered
the Muslim-controlled Balearic Islands in 1113. When
the Muslimsrecaptured the islands, Pisa financed Span-
ish raiders to harry the Muslims. When King Jaime I
"the Conqueror" of Aragon captured the islands in
1229, Pisa established trading colonies on the islands.
is hopeful about the future in 1230. Frederick
II has just returned from successful negotiations in
Outremer. Pisa hopes that its trade with the Crusader
States and with Muslim North Africa will improve.
(Instead, Pisa's fortunes decline rapidly after a series of
wars with Genoa in the 1270s, which end with its defeat
at the battle of Meloria in 1284 and the loss of Elba and
its share of Sardinia.)

The famed Leaning Tower (Torre Pendente) has
been under construction since 1173, and "leaning"
since 1178. Nearby is a cemetery which contains earth
brought back from Golgotha (the site of the Crucifix-
ion) by a group of crusaders in 1203 at the request of
Bishop Ubaldo Lanfranchi. The earth, which is said to
reduce bodies to skeletons in a few days, is used to bury
Pisa's most important citizens.

Pisa has a large body of Cainites involved in its
politics. The elders are divided about which of the rival
claimants to Florence to back, if either. When an

Assamite assassin was killed in Florence in 1205, both
factions in Pisa blamed the other for smuggling him
from North Africa. There are other rumors that the
city's Nosferatu have allied with the Followers of Set,
perhaps to settle the Florence issue.

Ravenna

Ruler: Paolo Travestari

Ravenna is a city of considerable historical and
strategic importance. Like Venice, it isa city of islands
and canals. It was once capital of the Roman Empire,
and later an exarchate of Byzantium. From AD 752,
however, Ravennaand the exarchate were governed in
the name of the pope by the archbishop, assisted by
three tribunes, who were elected by the people. The
archbishops and the city were strongly allied to the
empire. In 1198 Ravenna joined a league of cities
against the empire. Innocent II was able to enforce the
Papacy's rights over the city and have those rights
ratified by Emperor Otto IV and Frederick II.

Ravenna commands the passes across the
Apennines from the Po plain to Rome, making it
critically important to the Papacy and the empire.
Venice is also interested in Ravenna, primarily to
prevent its expansion as a rival. At present, the
Traversari family controls it. Paolo Traversari has
been podesta since 1226.

Ravenna's bishops have several extraordinary
privileges, including some unique in the Church.
The bishop is confirmed and consecrated by the
pope directly. In religious ceremonies, the bishop sits
immediately behind or at the right hand of the pope.

For centuries, Ravenna's Cainites were con-
trolled by a coterie of four Cainites: the Greek
Ventrue Aristophokles; Lucius Cornelius Scipio, a
Promethean Brujah; Lucius's Cappadocian lover,
Penelope; and the Lasombra sage Ngalo Umbeke.
After the Lombards captured the city in 752, Liviada
Ravenna diablerized her sire, Aristophokles, and
took his seat on the coterie. She is de facto Prince of
Ravenna and patron to Ezzelino II] da Romano (see
page 100). (Rumors circulate that she is also negoti-
ating with the Greeks to oust the Venetians and
Franks from Constantinople.) Lucius and Penelope
have moved to Hamburg in the Holy Roman Em-
pire. Ngalo was most recently seen in Sicily at
Frederick II's court.

All told, the Prince of Ravenna is in a strong
position to aid Frederick Il. Whether she chooses to
do so and become stronger than the pro-Guelph
princes of northern Italy is a different matter.

oO a ee er , F,

Bine

If one asked a peasant working in the fields of
Gloucestershire or Poitiers to describe Rome, said
peasant might imagine it to be a place of unearthly
beauty and holiness. The ideal of Rome is an image
spread throughout Christendom. The reality is a bit
more complex.

Rome is the seat of the Papacy, home to numer-
ous saints' tombs and holy relics. It is the resting
place of Saints Peter and Paul. The city boasts over
300 churches, ranging from tiny chapels to the
pope's residence at the Lateran Palace. So many
pilgrims crowd the major churches that they risk
being crushed or trampled. Innkeepers, it is said,
threaten wayfarers already settled at one inn to come
and lodge in their own establishments.

Itisacity of expensive lodgings, lawsuits and thinly
disguised simony. Letters to and from Rome are preoc-
cupied with the problems of purchase and bribery.
Sometime it is wise to pretend to wealth, sometimes to
poverty. Saint Bernard of Clairvaux denounced Ro-
man greed a century ago. Little has changed.

Rome isa city infamous for its marshes and "foul
vapors" (malaria) that kill many Romans and v
tors each summer. It is known for its seven hills,
which provide some shelter from the Tiber's fre-
quent floods. (The same seven hills are not always
named, but the number is more important than the
geography.) In 1230, the Tiber floods, leaving many
residents homeless. The Romans take this as a sign
that they offended God by offending Pope Gregory
IX, and they are trying to make amends.

It is a city of ruins — many of which are used as
residences or fortre: and pillaged for building mate-
rials. Prominent Roman families fortify
the Colosseum as if it were a cliff full of caves. So long
as the Colosseum stands, Romans say, Rome will stand,
and with it the world. When a series of earthquakes
rocked Rome in 1229 and loosened some stones from
the Colosseum, Romans were horrified. An abbot of
Cassino ordered a series of barefoot processions to ward
off further misfortune.

hemselves in

The Roman Senate was revived in 1143 to
govern the city separately from the Papacy. (The
Roman public had rebelled after a failed attempt to
capture two neighboring cities.) Senators serve
one-year term. Their number can vary from one to
fifty-six. The city is divided into 13 rioni (districts),
whose boundaries are vague.

a

The city is full of pilgrims and those who provide
services to them, from physicians to prostitutes. It is

also busy with the papal curia and its associated

f
j
|
yi


servants and functionaries — who have their own
providers and procurers. Notaries, scribes and physi-
cians are especially common.

Rome's major guild is the Ars Bobacteriorum
(Guild of Stockbreeders). Guild members are often
involved in the city's offices. It has an organization
of cloth merchants, but cloth is not a major product
of the city. There are also various minor guilds.

The Church of Santa Maria in Sassia and the hospi-
tal of Santo Spirito are both important institutions. Santo
Spirito was founded by Innocent III to care forabandoned
orphans and "sinful" women. Pregnant pilgrims in labor
are usually brought to Santo Spirito for the birth, and
female Cainites are sometimes sheltered discretely among
its guests. Innocent III arranged a yearly display of the
Veronica (a towel onto which Christ had imprinted his
features on way to his crucifixion) by the canons of Saint
Peter on the first Sunday after the Epiphany. Clergy and
guests who avoided the ceremony or seemed reluctant to
approach the relic where examined for heresy. Within a
few years, the hospital was freed of direct Cainite pres-
ence. The pope him
at the Santa Spirito, and indulgences (forgiveness for
sins) are granted to those present.

and his cardinals celebrate a Mass

For pilgrims mortal and otherwise, Rome boasts
seven major pilgrimage churches. San Giovanni in
Laterano (the Lateran) contains the Scala Sancta (the

staircase of Pilate's palace marked with Christ's blood),
the Acheiropoeton (an icon of Christ started by Saint
Luke and finished by an angel), the heads of Saints Peter
and Paul and the foreskin of Christ. San Paolo Fuori le
Murais the site of Saint Paul's tomb. San Pietro, the site
of Saint Peter's martyrdom, contains the Veronica.
Santa Croce in Gerusalemme, contains a piece of the
Cross discovered by Saint Helen when she visited

Jerusalem and the angelically severed chains used to
bind Saint Peter. Santa Maria Maggiore (also known as
Santa Maria delle Neve and Santa Maria del Presepe),
boasts a piece of Christ's crib. San Lorenzo Fuori le Mura
and San Sebastiano are the final two pilgrimages

churches, both of which boast less impressive relics.

Pilgrims seeking indulgences are encouraged to visit the
four major churches (San Pietro, San Paolo, Santa
Maria and San Giovanni) once a day for 15 days. They
are encouraged to visit the three other major churches

once a day for seven days. Certain prayers are required
at each church, although the penitent may add others.

Rome attracts a large number of Cainites. Some
come seeking penance or to restore their faith.
Others come to prey on the pilgrims. Some are
attracted to the Papacy and the curia, although it has
become harder for Cainites and their followers to
pass undetected since Innocent III's reign. Scion
Cainites often come to Rome hoping to gain power


within the Church. Cainites, both faithful and he-
retical, are interested in influencing Church doctrine.
Scholarly Cainites are interested in ancient texts in
the Lateran archives. (The pope and the cardinals
will not live in the Vatican until after 1377.)
Many Cainites do not survive Rome. The city is
filled with relics and churches, some of which de-
stroy Cainites who come too close. The most powerful
churches, such as San Pietro, San Paolo, Santa
Maria and San Giovanni, and the most pow
relics can suppress a Cainite's or ghouls' powers,
cause physical burns and scars or even reduce Cainite
to ash on contact.
Visiting Cainites can
caught in the war in the catacombs between the
Nosferatu and Cappadocians. Or they may become
caught in machinations between the factions trying
to influence the curia or the mortal city. Roman
politics are played for high stakes and tend to be
deadly for pawns. Visitors are well advised to seek out
Cato, a Nosferatu ghoul who frequents the city's
for pilgrim
current factions and feuds.

ful

ily find themselves

nns

, and pay him generously for his advice on

In addition to the numerous priests and clerics
living, working and visiting the city, Dominican and
Franciscan friars wander the streets. An increasing
number of them are veteran inquisitors and very apt
at spotting and destroying supernatural creatures. At
best, the friars keep an eye on pilgrims, making
hunting difficult.

Even the extensive catacombs are not safe. Two
factions of Nosferatu and one of Cappadocians have
a three-way standoff in the underground. At the
time Rome fell, the Cappadocians were the masters
of the catacombs and protectors of the graves, burial
gifts and altars. Some Nosferatu existed peacefully
among the Cappadocians. During the chaos sur-
rounding Rome's fall about four centuries ago, some
Nosferatu plundered the graves. The Cappadocians
universally condemned the clan and tried to drive all
Nosferatu from the catacombs. One faction of
Nosferatu, then allied with Rome's prince, held its
ground. A second, more recent faction of Nosferatu
has entered the tunnels and vies with the other two
for control. The catacombs extend for miles
easy for a Cainite to become lost in the twisting,
often unstable passages, and it is impossible for any
single faction to maintain control.

it is

Most recently, the earthquake of Good Friday,
1229, collapsed Prince Constantius's home just after
dawn. As neighbors cleared the rubble looking for
survivors, they exposed Constantius to the bright
morning sun. The rescuers quickly turned intoamob
that killed everyone in the house, tore open every

<Oizeox = ATALY:
NEA ee ES

city isrich with physical tokens of Christ's life and
death. The modern reader may well balk at the
likelihood of so many surviving tangible frag-
ments of the past, but the medieval mind was very
much willing to accept it. The modern Church is

a bit more skeptical about some claims, but it
affirms the authenticity of the Church's greatest
slics. Itis up to the S whether
relics gain power from their authenticity, or from
the passionate beliefs of the faithful who flc
erate them.

ryteller to decid

container and cellar, and looted the remains. Peter
of Verona (see page 106), a prominent Dominican
preacher visiting Rome, came upon the scene and
swiftly organized a search of every warehouse and
building known to be owned by the house's mortal
residents. A dozen Cainites, a score ghouls, along
with about 100 workers, servants and family mem-
bers, were burned by the mob that day. (The story
grows dramatically with the distance from Rome.
An English Cainite might hear rumor of 50 or more
vampires killed by Templar knights after a brutal
battle in the Roman streets.) Gregory IX appointed
Peter a
the city from heretics. (Gregory IX is so satisfied with
Peter's work that he appoints him Inquisitor of
Northern Italy in 1234.)

Atpresent, Rome has no recognized prince. The
feuding Nosferatu and Cappadocians in the cata-
combs each claim the right to approve the next
claimant. Rumors state that Nosferatu tunneling
weakened Constantius's home, causing its collapse.
Many elder Lasombra wish to claim Rome, but are
hesitant to risk Constantius's fate.

Siena is the second most wealthy city in Tuscany.
Legend has it that Siena was founded by Senio and
Ascanio, twin sons of Remus, the brother of Romulus,

founder of Rome. The twins fled Rome, taking with
them a statue of the she-wolf, the symbol of Rome.

Inquisitor of Rome to secure the curia and

Siena is built on the ridges of three hills, it
depends entirely on overland trade along the old
Roman roads between Rome and the Po Valley. The
city does not havea navigable river ora steady supply
of water. Siena encourages trade by maintaining
inns and hospices for merchants and by actively


~ Z tial
¥. --
ee A eee
=~ i ?

patrolling its roads. However, Siena's grain needs are
so dire that the republic automatically grants a five
day safe-conduct to any outlaw who comes to the
city bringing re
Siena is predominantly Ghibelline and a traditional
rival to Florence.

onable amounts of grain for sale.

Siena is also famous for the palio, a horse race
between the 17 contrade (neighborhoods) in honor
of the Virgin, which has been held every year since
the 11th century. The festival preparations start in
April, leading up to two bareback horse races around
the Piazza del Campo held on July 2 (in honor of the
local Madonna of Provenzano) and August 16 (in
honor of the Assumption of the Virgin). Because
only 10 horses compete in each race due to space,
complex intrigues surround which rider:

e chosen

and which excluded. Sienese mortals and vampires
both get involved in the betting, bribing, sabotage
and spying that surrounds the race, although use of
Disciplines to influence the actual outcome of the
race is considered highly uncouth and is grounds for
expulsion from the city.

Siena is currently involved in a minor war with
Florence. It has hired over 700 mercenary
men from across northern Italy to aid it, an effort
that nearly bankrupted the republic. (Permanent
mercenary companies lead by condottieri are still a
half-century in the future.) This year Florence briefly
sieges the city. Unable to breach the walls, it cata-
pults manure and dead mules into the city in hopes
of starting disease. The war lasts only another year,
ending in a stalemate.

rossbow-

Siena's unlife is dangerous. An ongoing three-
way power struggle between the current prince,
Henricus Germanus, two Lasombra elders based in
the countryside, and a group of Tremere interested
in a rumored magical river beneath the city domi-
nates Siena's nights. Visitors to the city are pressured
to side with one faction or the other in hopes of
tipping the power balance.

Denice

Ruler: Doge Giacomo Tiepolo (1229-1249)

Venice is an extremely wealthy and powerful
city in 1230. Its trading empire extends across the
Mediterranean and includes virtual control of
Constantinople itself. The city itself is surprisingly
small — a group of islands surrounded by a large
lagoon. The city controls the barrier islands of the
lagoon, and some of the surrounding countryside,
but its mainland Italian territory is small compared
with its rivals.

Venice remains neutral in the upcoming struggle
between the Lombard League and Frederick II. Since
the capture of Constantinople in 1204, Venice has
been busy with its new overseas colonies. Many
relics have been brought back to Venice from
Constantinople. Among the art treasures seized by
the Venetians were the four graceful bronze horses
that now stand above the portal of the Basilica of San
Marco at Venice, and the vast quantity of jewels and
semi-precious stones that adorn the Basilica's pala
d'oro (a seven-by-11-foot altar screen).

Doge Giacomo Tiepolo had been Duke of Crete
and later podesta of Constantinople before becom-
ing doge. The electors tied, and he was chosen by lot.
(Thereafter, the electors were increased from 40 to
41 toavoid another tie.) He is familiar with Venice's
ove
Crusader kingdoms.

as colonies and with the weakness of the

The Venetians have a deep suspicion of power-
ful families and political parties. Eleven men,
including one from each district (sestieri), nominate
the 41 electors for the doge. In addition to the doge,
Venice has a Council of Sages, a Great Council and
a Lesser Council. Most of the councilors are chosen
from about 30 familie

The city isa collection of islands, divided by canals
and linked by bridges. Visitors enter Venice by boat
from the mainland or by ship into the port. The most
famous sites in the city are the doge's palace, Plaza of
San Marco, the Basilica of San Marco and the commer-
cialcenteraround the Rialtobridge. The most impressive
buildings line the Grand Canal, a wide waterway that
divides the city and is crossed by the Rialto bridge. To
the east is the Arsenal, the republic's shipyard that
builds and maintains Venice's fleet of galleys and
merchant ships.

Venice's glassworks are mostly on the island of
Murano, in the lagoon, to avoid fire in the city itself.
Many of the glassmakers are immigrants from
Constantinople, who are given tax benefits to stay and
threatened with death if they leave. The Franciscans
have a monastery (founded in 1224) on the Island of
the Two Vines, also in the lagoon. The Benedictines
have monasteries on San Lazzaro and on Torcello. The
city's cemetery is on San Michele in Isola, and it is a
refuge for the city's Nosferatu and Cappadocians.

Venice is a major hub of Cainite politics. Prince
Guilelmo Aliprando holds the city as successor to
Narses, Prince of Venice and Archbishop of Nod,
whom Guilelmo destroyed in 1215. (For more de-
tails, see Bitter Crusade.) Among Prince Guilelmo's
many concerns is a rivalry with Bishop Alfonzo of
Venice, Prince of Constantinople and Guilelmo's


rival for control of Venice's colonies in the eastern
Mediterranean. Both Guilelmo and Alfonzo worry
about schemes by Natalya Svyatoslav and Anna
Comnena (see Chapter Eight) to restore Greek
control of Constantinople. Guilelmo is also a sincere
adherent of the Cainite Heresy and active in pro-
moting and protecting it.

Venice is also home to the Giovanni family, a
cabal of mortal necromancer/merchants with whom
the Cappadocians have been involved for about two
centuries. Cappadocius himself granted Augustus
Giovanni the Embrace in 1005. Ignazio Giovanni is
Augustus's right hand and childe and liaison to
Guilelmo. The Giovanni family is wealthy and pow-
erful. Members of the family, mortal and ghoul alike,
can be found in several northern Italian republics as
merchants, diplomats, mercenaries and bureaucrats.
Embraced Giovanni are rare at this point.

Venetian Colonies

Venice has always had trade colonies in the
Mediterranean and Adriatic. Constantinople's fall
in 1204 lets Venice take colonies along the Aegean
and Greek mainland. It monopolizes trade through
the Bosporus to the Black Sea. Genoa and Pisa have
both lost trade and colonies. Many of their captains
engage in piracy and raids while the republics con-
template revenge. Important lesser colonies include
Corfu, the Cyclades islands a number of cities on the
Dalmatian coast. Crete, Modon and Negroponte are
critically important to the republic.

All of the colonies are battlegrounds between
Venetian Cainites sent by Prince Guilelmo to protect
and pacify the colonies, local Cainites of various clans
who resent Venetian immigration, Genoese Ravnos
freebooters and Greek Cainites trying to weaken Vene-
tian and crusader control of Constantinople.

Crete

Constantinople sold the island of Crete to Venice
in 1204. Venice appoints a doge every two years. The
doge, who resides in Herakleion, is assisted by a
council, whose members are also appointed every
two years. Venice also sent a general to see to the
island's defense, which thus far hasn't stopped
Genoese freebooters from raiding the island.

Venice actively encourages immigration to
Crete. A sixth of the island was allotted to each of
the six districts (sestieri) of the city. Several hundred
prominent families have already moved to Crete and
set up estates. More are expected to follow.

The local population is not pleased with the Vene-
tian immigrants. Rebellions broke out in 1212 and in

1217.In 1230, three local noble families, the Skordylides,

Melisseni and Drakontopouli, starta rebellion that lasts
for six years. Venice is forced to concede a great deal of
land and remove several garrisons as part of the peace
treaty. Rebellion continues to simmer, but Venice'
control of the island remains secure.

Augustus Giovanni recently volunteered the ser-
vices of himself and his family to help secure Crete for
Prince Guilelmo against Bishop Alfonzo and Ravnos
Genoese raiders. Guilelmo was gratified at the support,
although concerned about letting the powerful "new-
comers" range too far from his sight. He has insisted that
either Augustus or Ignazio must be in Venice at all
times, in effect, as hostage for the other.

Modon (Methoni)

"The eye of the Republic" and "the receptacle and
special nest of all our galleys, ships, and vessels" is a
Greek port in the Peloponnesus, acquired as part of the
spoils of the Fourth Crusade. It contains a major mili-
hipyard, silk-weaving works, warehousesand shops.
The city is at the convergence of the two main Vene-
tian shipping routes in the eastern Mediterranean. One
runs north through the Aegean to the Black Sea and
eventually to Tarfé a of Azov. The other runs
to Crete, Cyprus, Syria and Alexandria. The annual
convoys of 15-20 fast galleys and their warship escorts
travel together from Venice to Modon, then go their
separate ways.

on the $

Guilelmo has yet to choose a prince for this sensi-
tive outpost (although he does have ghoul
representatives here). A number of candidates have
emigrated to the port and each trying to prove their
mettle against the local Cainites.

Negroponte (Euboea)

Venice also acquired this city as a spoil of the
Fourth Crusade. It is the largest offshore island on the
Greek coast of the Aegean. The island is separated from
mainland Greece by a 130-foot-wide channel, the
Euripos. The channel's strong currents, rushing past up
to 14 times a day in alternate directions, make travel to
and from the city dangerous. A Venetian double draw-
bridge with a tower in the center spans the channel.
Rumor suggests that faeries and demons built and may
still guard this tower.

Venice needs Negroponte as a military base to
guard its trade routes along the Aegean to
Constantinople and the Black Sea. The governing
committee (Balia) of Negroponte is one of the most
important and powerful Venetian colonial rulers.

Guilemo has sent Tommaso Brexiano to watch
over Negroponte and its key trade routes. Tommaso is
a skilled linguist and diplomat familiar with mortal
commerceand trade. He hasa personal vendetta against
the Muslim branch of the Lasombra; his primary inter-

a4 tS! a See
aw i OS a an
Oe 26 = === = ATA — mS =) e
>~F <


est is raising crusaders against the Qabilat al-Khayal. He
tried to keep the Fourth Crusade from going to
Constantinople. Having failed in that task, he is using
his role as Prince of Negroponte to keep the Latin
conquest from becoming an inter-Christian civil
with the ousted Greeks. He strongly encourages crusad-
ersto head to Outremer, and his contacts spy on Muslim
leaders who use the surviving Italian trading colonies.

Verona

Ruler: Ezzelino III da Romano

Verona is a city with critical strategic importance
for the Empire. It controls a narrow defile leading into
the Brenner Pass and a key crossing point for the Adige
river. It is a traditional rival to nearby Ferrara and
Mantua. In 1164-83, the city allied with local citiesand
the Lombard League against Frederick I.

ar

Verona's Merchants Guild is a powerful force in
the city. It has soldiers to patrol and maintain the roads
and garrison key castles. It has its own podesta, council,
consuls, treasurer and lesser officials. The guild itselfhas
Guelph sympathies, not out of any deep-seated dislike
of the Empire, but because there are better trading
opportunities with the Guelph republics than with the
Holy Roman Empire. Verona has a community of
scholars, but papal recognition of it as a university is
unlikely until the city makes peace with the Church.

Ezzelino III daRomano, anally of Frederick II, rules
Verona (see page 118). Ezzelino's alliance is driven in
part by Imperial ambitions and in part because the
Lombard League decided to support Verona's republic
against him in 1225.

For Italy, the city's unlife is relatively peaceful.
Livia da Ravenna's childe Orso is prince of the city, and
he governs with a firm hand. A number of troublesome
Lasombra met Final Death during the 1227 struggles
between Ezzelino and the republic. The remainder
have been well behaved. Cainite refugees from the
Albigensian Crusade and the Inquisition are welcome
in Verona as long as they remain polite guests. Those
who abuse Orso's hospitality find Ravenna's bishop on
their heels.

Notable Cainites

Cato Orsini, Notary
Clan: Nosferatu Ghoul
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Gallant

No longer the frightened youth who met with
Rasalon in Rome (in Libellus Sanguinus IV), Cato

oe

has matured into a master of the Roman social scene.
From his home in San Sebastiano, he can swiftly
guide a guest through the treacherous shifting papal
bureaucracy or through the dizzying array of purvey-
ors thatservice the curia, pilgrimsand Roman natives.
If a piece of information, service or object can be
bought or obtained in Rome, Cato has the best
chance of securing it — for a price.

ato is distantly related to the Orsini noble
family of Rome. His ties are close enough that he can
gain entrance to the higher social circles, yet distant
enough that he is not seen as a threat or pawn of any
mortal faction. He moves with ease through most
Roman social circles, mortal and immortal alike.

Cato is extremely discrete about his Nosferatu
patrons, admitting only that he serves the older
faction of Nosferatu, not the newcomers who battle
with the older Nosferatu and Cappadocians alike.
He will relay messages to his masters, and he gener-
ally conveys their regrets that they cannot meet with
outsiders until the feud in the catacombs is settled.

Guilelmo Aliprando, Prince of Venice

7th-generation Lasombra, childe of Narses
Walker on the Road of Heaven
Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: AD 1049

Apparent Age: mid 30s.

Narses, Prince of Venice and Archbishop of
Nod Embraced Guilelmo, the scion of anoble Vene-
tian family, for his obvious skills as a diplomat and
negotiator. Guilelmo loyally served as Narses' ma-
jordomo and "public face" for nearly a century and a

a

+ DARKAGES.EUROPE


half. Guilelmo is a true believer in the Cainite
Heresy and a strong defender of that faith.

Inthe aftermath of the Fourth Crusade, Guilelmo
began to suspect that Narses' dedication to the
Heresy was not sincere. He allied with the Tzimisce
Nikita of Sredtz, who turned the Crimson Curia, the
order's ruling body, against Narses in 1212. Narses
fled Venice when he was divested of his mantle as
archbishop. Guilelmo called a Court of Blood, and
the Amici Noctis (see page 86) gave him the right to
diablerize Narses. In 1215, he tracked down his sire,
committed Amaranth and became Prince of Venice.

Guilelmo hassmoothly taken the reigns of Narses'
power and alliances. As his master's trusted aide, he
was privy to many of Narses' secrets and bargains.
Guilelmo's primary concern is s
territories in the eastern Mediterranean against By
antine re-conquest or Muslim invasion. He has
encouraged several powerful Venetian Cainites to
emigrate to the colonies, both to protect these con-
quests and to lower the number of rivals at home who
might challenge him. The colonization has dis-
tracted him from the affairs of the Heresy and the
rising threat of the friar-inquisitors.

Livia da Ravenna, Prince of Ravenna

7th-generation Ventrue, childe of Aristophokles,
walker on the Road of Humanity

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 273

Apparent Age: late 30s

Aristophokles Embraced Livia after she served
several decades as manager of one of his estates. For

uring his new

several centuries, she was his ambassador to the
Ventrue and Lasombra princes in Italy and
Byzantium, struggling with him to protect Byzantine
Ravenna from the barbarians.

When negotiations failed and the Lombards
captured Ravenna in 752, Aristophokles was badly
wounded in an ambush. Aristophokles suspected
that Ngalo, the Lasombra member of Ravennz
coterie, had allied with his Lasombra kin among the
Lombards and planned to take control of the city. As
his sire had before him, Aristophokles found Livia
and commanded her to ritually diablerize him in
order to make her fit to rule Ravenna in his place in
the name of the Eternal Senate of Rome. She obeyed,
rallied the other coterie members to her side and
took his place among the coterie despite Ngalo's
opposition. She managed to subtly drive the rest of
her coterie out of Ravenna, giving her the freedom
to push the city's ruler Enzellino III da Romano to
expand.

Livia upholds late Imperial Roman ideas. She
considers both the Byzantine Empire and the Holy
Roman Empire pretenders
Rome's name. She hopes that through Ezzelino, she
can create a northern Italian state to rival Venice
and to demonstrate the true ideals of Rome. She has
begun tentative discourse with Julia Antasia in Frank-
furt, and still keeps in contact with Lucius Cornelius
Scipio and Penelope in Hamburg. Were someone to
waylay (or subvert) her messengers, however, these
Cainites might suddenly find themselves at odds.

who have corrupted



HAPCER SIX:

HUNGARY AND

HE SLAVIC
EAST

"Either a beast or a god."
—Aristotle

No other land is quite like this, where the pedigree of the
masters of the night runs so pure. Here, in windswept moun-
tains and endless forests, in tiny villages that huddle beneath
shadows that are far more than empty darkness, the old ways
linger still.

Bulgaria. Poland. The Russian Principalities. Hungary.
Transylvania. These lands form the center around which the
eldest clans still dance, the flame around which they gather
like so many fluttering moths. And if that dance has become
darker, bloodier — if that flame burns hotter than ever before
— still the vampires continue as they have always done. The
old ways linger, and desperate Cainites cling to their traditions
with the tips of their talons and scramble madly to understand
the changing world around them. The mortals, those "pitiful
kine," have shaken off the burden of years and proven to their
complacent overseers in no uncertain terms that they are not

so placid as they seem. From the east, a hot wind blows,
carrying with it the first whispers of the conflagration to come.


POW

SOF DZ

MORTALS

Il—King of Hun; Andreas, despite the
length of his reign, is a weak king, unable to control the
barons and nobles of his realm. His attempt to buy their
loyalty with the proclamation of the Golden Bull only
weakened his influence further still. He is responsible for
calling the Teutonic Knights to Hungary, and eventually
for driving them out.

Ivan Asen I] —Tsar of Bulgaria. Descendent of the
Ivan Asen who fought to free Bulgaria from the Byzantine
Asen II rules over Bulgaria at the height of that

,andisdetermined to make hisnationmore

powerful still.

Konrad— Duke of Mazovia: One of the most power-
ful dukes of the independent Polish states, Konrad has
requested theaid of the Teutonic Knightsin his battles with
Prussia. This choice makes him a potential ally (or pawn)
ofLordJiirgen, though Konrad remainsignorantofthisfact.

Leszek — Duke of Krakow. pite holding
power in one of Poland's greatest cities, Leszek is a
weak and powerless ruler, who uses what remains of
his authority as an excuse to indulge in whatever
activities strike his fancy. His family F a F
without success, to mold him into a

Patryn — Priest of the Bogomil Heresy, oper-
ating in Sophia. Along with the Cappadocian
Amalia, he seeks to "redeem" the Cainites of the
city through forced confession and a "purifying"
Final Death in the sunlight

Vidor— Archbishop of the Bulgarian Church,
he is determined to elevate his archbishopric to the -
status of a patriarchy in the order of the Catholic
Church. An ambitious churchman, he has little
respect for-the secular authority of the state.

CAINITES

Bela Rusenko — (7th-generation Cappadocian)
Prince of Sofia. Rusenko is a relativelyinew prince. The
Cainites under his dominion have not yet realized that
he is mad as a Malkavian, or that he seeks to unleash
forces that could destroy every vampire in the region.

Darvag Grozny — (6th-generation Tzimisce)
Grozny dwells in the fallen city of Kiev, and isthe closest
thing to a prince in the region, even though he refuses
toclaim any such title. Grozny protects his city from the
ravages of all other Cainites, not out of any loyalty to
Kiev, but because he himself wishes to tear it down.
Grozny was of the Seventh Generation until an en-
counter with a feral Nosferatu some 10 years ago.

Geza Arpad — (7th-generation Ventrue) Prince
and self-proclaimed "Archbishop" of Esztergom. Geza
believes that itis his divine duty to test the faith of God's
creations, and he is engaged in numerous occult activi-
ties that would not be tolerated by the other Cainites of
Hungary. His influence, along with that of his city, is
slowly fading in light of Buda-Pest's growth, and he is
caught up in a vicious rivalry with Prince Rikard.

Nova Arpad — (7th-generation Ventrue) Prince
of Mediasch and Hungarian "Overlord." Nova seeks to
conquer the Tzimisce of Transylvania and bring. the
region under Ventrue (and her own personal) control.
She has lost a substantial amount of power and status
recently, due to the temporary occupation of the region.
by Lord Jiirgen's forces. She still maintains a facade of
alliance with Jiirgen, but seeks primarily to restore her
own power.

Radu — (7th-generation Tzimisce) Voivode of
Bistritz. Radu's authority in his demesne has weakened
recently, since Vladimir Rustovitch has taken up tem-
porary residence there. Radu, though still loyal to

Rustovitch, is trying to find ways to encourage the
other Tzimisce to depart.

Razkoljna— (6th-generation Tzimisce) Prince of
Krakow. Razkoljna was recently sent into torpor dur-
ingaskirmish with several younger Cainites, including
one of her own childer. Her absence has enabled other
forces to gather power within Krakow.

VencelRikard—(7th-generation Ventrue) Prince
of Buda-Pest. Until recently, Rikard was forced to
devote most of his efforts toward protecting his sire,
Bulscu, from the machinations of their enemies. Now
that Bulscu is deep in torpor, Rikard can turn his
attentions to other matters. None yetknow which way
hewill turnin the struggles that wrack Hungary, but his
might is great indeed — now that he means to use it—
and it could well turn the tide of whatever conflict he
joins. Rikard uses this fact to gather favors from all
sides, and he has yet to choose an allegiance.

Vladimir Rustovitch—(6th-generation Tzimisce)
Voivode of Voivodes, Tzimisce warlord. Rustovitch still
smarts from his failure to garner a real victory against
the forces of Jiirgen of Magdeburg and his loss of
territory to Myca Vykos and the Obertus order. He has
retreated from the frontand made his haven in Bistritz
while he contemplates ways to regain the favor of his
underlings, and to thwart the machinations of his rival
Noritz.

Yitzhak ben Avraham— (6th-generation Brujah)
Ashen Rabbi of Krakow. Yitzhak ben Avraham is a
relatively new power in the region, with the perhaps
unattainable goal of reuniting Poland as a single state
and as a haven for the Jewish people. He has made
clever use of Razkoljna's absence to establish his own
firm base of power.


From the west come the soldiers of Christ, bound and
determined to save heathen souls regardless of the
rivers of blood they need shed in the process. The
Byzantine Empire, still reeling from the sack of
Constantinople at the hands of the Fourth Crusade,
has been shaken further still by rebellion in Bulgaria,
loosening its hold on the region.

All this within a handful of decades, the mere blink
of an eye to the Cainite lords. And this is just the
beginning; vampiric affairs have grown truly hectic.

War has come to the Slavic East, and no one,
Cainite or kine, can remain entirely untouched by
the chaos in its wake.

The Way Things Were:
The Long Wight

From the start of the millennium to the turn of
the 13th century, history plodded past the Cainite
lords of Eastern Europe like a shadow play. The fact
that the fortunes of the undying were swept up in
mortal affairs was undeniable, but the lords of the
night remained largely stagnant. Wrapped up in
scheme and counter-scheme, vampires acted and
reacted, but nothing changed.

Across the darkened wilds of Transylvania, the
Tzimisce voivodes waged a two-pronged war, nomi-
nally led by Vladimir Rustovitch. On one front,
ensconced in the mist-shrouded chantry of Ceoris,
were the Tremere, blood sorcerers who had dared to

rape the blessings of undeath from those more wor-
thy, from the Tzimisce themselves. On the other
were the Ventrue princes of the west, represented by
Nova Arpad, who already held western Hungary in
their iron-clad grip. The Tzimisce were many and

powerful, but an inability to cooperate with one
another — along with a growing, if reluctant, alli-
ance between their foes — prevented them from
crushing either enemy as they might have done.
Even the kidnapping of Nova Arpad, and her tempo-
rary replacement with an obfuscated double, did
little to change the situation. When she was finally
freed, the Ventrue overlord proved more determined
than ever to bring Transylvania under the yoke of
the west. The war — both wars — dragged on.
Other conflicts were subtler, if no less deadly. In
Krakow, Poland, a secret alliance between the
Ventrue Konrad von Aupfholm and the Tremere
Claas Drescher slowly chipped away at the power of
Razkoljna, Tzimisce prince. In Buda-Pest, the

Ventrue prince Vencel Rikard stood impotent. The
necessity of devoting nearly all his attention to
protecting Bulscu, his drug-addled sire, from the
machinations of "Archbishop" Geza Arpad, prince
of Esztergom and distant relative of Nova, left him
little able to undertake any other activities. Only the
absence of any real threat to his power enabled him
to maintain his hold on his city. Basilio the Elder,
Lasombra prince of Sofia in Bulgaria, shook with fear
as his beloved Byzantine Empire began to lose its
hold on his nation, for he could see the grasping
hands of many who would take his city from him.

Much was happening — but still nothing
changed. Until...

The Way Things Are:
The War of Princes

The end of the Long Night was not abrupt. The
signs were there to see had the vampires not been too
blinded by their own agendas.

The Hbertus Diaspora

Spurred on by hunger, desperation and the sud-
denascendance of the anti-Catholic Emperor Alexius
V to the throne, the soldiers of the Fourth Crusade
sacked the splendorous city of Constantinople in
April of 1204. For three blood-soaked, soot-stained
days and nights, the city burned. Men, women and
children lay murdered in the streets. Although the
Cainite world was rocked by the death of the Torea-
dor Methuselah Michael, it was the Final Death of
the Tzimisce Gesu, head of the Obertus monastic
order, that has the most immediate impact on the
rest of the Slavic East. With the Library of the
Forgotten — the Obertus order's central locus —
burned, the surviving monks were forced to flee
Constantinople for other lands. In the years and
decades since, the order established a number of
libraries and monasteries in major cities
thana handful of small towns as well — from Vienna
to the Black Sea. (For more on the Fourth Crusade
and the fall of Constantinople, see Bitter Crusade.)

and more

Symeon, childe of Gesu, grandchilde of the
mysterious Dracon, slowly reorganized the Obertus
order into a substantial base of power. Devoted as
they are to the cataloging of information — prima-
rily religious in nature, but often of more immediate
worth as well — the Obertus became Symeon's eyes
and ears across Eastern Europe. Though the order is

+ HUNGARY -


still technically answerable to the entire Tzimisce
clan to one extent or another, many of the Fiends
now avoid Obertus monks, for fear that their re-
quests for information may reveal their schemes and
agendas to Symeon — or worse yet, to his grandsire.
Therefore, an event that might have brought the
Tzimisce a great weapon and source of knowledge to
use against their Tremere foes, serves instead only to
further damage the clan's already fragile cohesion.

The Shadow of The Cross

In the first decades of the 13th century, the

Cumans, who waged periodic wars with Byzantium

and Hungary for two centuries, once again threat-
ened Hungarian borders. Perhaps they had simply
begun one of their semi-regular raids, or perhaps they

MONKS INTHE MIDDLE

In truth, Vladimir Rustovitch is makin,
rather substantial use of the Obertus monks;
he's just being sneaky about it. Still reeling and
bitter over the territory lost to Myca Vykos and
the Obertus, the Voivode of Voivodes decided in

, that he was damn well going to make use
of his "v; n though he knew that
kos's oaths of fealty weren't worth the hu-

als," e

man flesh they were written on. He periodically
requests that the monks unearth information
for him. Some of the requested information
primarily anything in the way of ancient mystic
knowledge that might prove valuable in the war
against the Tremere — is real enough. A great
deal of the information he requests, however, is
a blind. He is intentionally misleading the
Obertus monks as to his future plans. Since he
knows that any requests he makes will eventu
ally reach the ears of Symeon and Vykos,
Rustovitch wants to ensure that what they
think he's going to do has precious little resem-
blance to what he's actually doing. Those plans
are fairly nebulous at the moment —for now, he
acknowledges the need for the buffer state be-
tween his own forces and those of Lord Jiirgen's
court — but he has
forgetting that he once ruled the portion of
Transylvania now in Obertus hands. Rustovitch
+ is, infact, already seeking ways to slowly weaken
Vykos's power in the "buffer state," and is con-
stantly searching for agents unconnected with
out his plans in that regard.

no intention of simply

him to carr

were starting to feel the pressure from the slowly
advancing Golden Horde of Genghis Khan that will
threaten Hungary itself in years to come. Whichever
the case, King Andreas II of Hungary decided to take
steps to defend his nation. In 1211, Andreas granted
settlement rights in the Barcasdg region of southern
Transylvania to the Teutonic Knights in exchange
for their aid in fending off Cuman aggression.

It was precisely the opening for which the
Ventrue lord Jiirgen the Sword-Bearer had been
waiting. A powerful Cainite with substantial influ-
ence in the ranks of the Teutonic Knights, Jiirgen
used the presence of the knighthood in Hungary to
launch his own incursion into territories belonging
to Rustovitch and the Tzimisce. Establishing his
court at Magdeburg on the Elbe River, Jiirgen made
his intentions toward Hungary very clear. War with
the Tzimisce followed swiftly.

The current Hungarian "overlord," Nova Arpad,
found herself torn between factions. On one hand,
Lord Jiirgen provided her with the best opportunity
she'd ever had to crush the Transylvanian Tzimisce.
On the other, the thought that some other Ventrue
might sweep in and conquer the lands she'd worked
so hard to claim was infuriating. Although she ac-
tively opposed his efforts for a brief while, Nova gave
lip service to Lord Jiirgen through most of his occu-
pation and allowed him the use of her own contacts

and resources.

Even after Jiirgen's withdrawal, his court still
represents a mighty presence in the region, if not
within Hungary itself — one that Nova still consid-
ersa threat to her own dominion. Behind the scenes,
however, she has found an unexpected ally.

The Long Reach of the Golden Khan

His name is Jhunakhai, and though few would
know it to see him, he is one of the Anda bloodline,
the Gangrel-kin who ride with the Mongol Horde.
For many years, he fought beneath the banner of the
great Genghis Khan, but slowly Jhunakhai has grown
curious about the ways of the Western vampires who
lurk among the cultures that the Golden Horde
subjugated and destroyed. With the reluctant ble:
ings of his clanmates — most of whom couldn't care
less about such things, but were willing to humor
their brother — Jhunakhai made his way ahead of
the advancing Mongols and entered Cainite society
in Eastern Europe. Taller than average for his people,
Jhunakhai is able to pass for a Middle Easterner with
just a bit of effort. His discovery that most local
vampires know little about the enigmatic Assamite


clan has enabled him to regularly masquerade as an
emissary from the Muslim East. In this capacity, he
has even made occasional appearances at the court
of Lord Jiirgen himself.

Throughout the years of Lord Jiirgen's war with
Rustovitch, and beyond, Jhunakhai observes care-
fully, occasionally dispatching animal-borne
intelligence and information back to his own people,
who draw nearer to Hungary with every passing year.
Jhunakhai's efforts have increased the Anda's un-
derstanding of their western brethren tenfold, which
will make it that much harder for the local Cainites
to fight back when invasion finally comes.

Recently, Jhunakhai has engaged in negotia-
tions with Nova Arpad. How she learned of his true
identity he does not know, but her proposal intrigues
him. If he will use his influence to ensure that the
Mongols obliterate all her rivals in one fell swoop —
something they might have done anyway, as Lord
Jiirgen and Voivode Rustovitch represent the great-
est Cainite military presence in the region — she
will provide him intelligence that will greatly ease
their takeover of Hungary. Nova believes, correctly,
that the Mongols will be unable to hold this territory
for long, and she intends to be the only vampire left
standing when they depart. Jhunakhai doesn't be-
lieve that the Mongols need Nova's intelligence to
conquer Hungary, but he cannot dismiss an advan-
tage that might save the lives and unlives of many of
his brethren. As of yet, nothing tangible has come of
this arrangement, but as the Golden Horde ap-
proaches, now under the command of Genghis's
younger son Ogadei Khan, it is only a matter of time
before all of Hungary reaps the bloody harvest that
the desperate Ventrue has sown.

The Hbertus State

Inthe years following the arrival of the Teutonic
Knights, the Cuman incursions were indeed curbed,
but the cost grew higher than King Andreas was
willing to bear. The knights demand further settle-
ment rights and further e: and
taxes. King Andreas's power was already threatened
by the growing influence of the barons and landown-
ers. The proclamation of the Golden Bull in 1222
(see sidebar), which granted further exemptions to
those lords in the hopes that it might buy their
support, backfired. While some did indeed lend
more support to the king, others continued amassing
their own power and influence.

emptions from lav

In the face of his waning authority, Andreas re-
acted poorly to the demands of the Teutonic Knights,

THE GOLDEN BULL
Many local Cainites would love to take
credit for this proclamation, but they really had
nothing to do with it. The Byzantine Emperor
Manuel I Commenus largely decentralized po-

litical power in Hungary when he seized control
of the Hungarian throne in the latter half of the
12th century and bestowed huge grants of land
to his supporters. Although the influence of the

npire faded after Manuel died in 1180, the
damage was done. Few of Hungary's lords felt
any real obligation toward their king. King
Andreas's Golden Bull was intended to make
the nobility indebted to the crown by granting
them even more r
haps, the brightest idea he might have come up

nts and power — not, per-

with (though some suggest the lords themselves
forced him into making this proclamation)

The fact that the bull also served the
Ventrue, Tzimisce and other local Cainite lords,
many of whom were themselves landowners (or
were the true power behind landowners) was
simply an added benefit, and not the result of
any vampiric manipulation

banishing them from Hungary in 1225.Simultaneously,
Myca Vykos and the Obertus took a hand in the
constant warring between Lord Jiirgen and Rustovitch
and forced a settlement, forming an Obertus-domi-
nated Cainite "state" between the feuding lords'
territories. (Although Vykos technically swore fealty to
Rustovitch, doing so was hardly more than a formality;
the Voivode of Voivodes has lost the territory claimed by
the Obertus, and he knows it.) The Teutonic Knights
left Hungary, though they remained in control of many
outlying areas, and turned their attentions elsewhere.
(For more on the war between Jiirgen and Rustovitch,
and the creation of the Obertus state, see Under The
Black Cross.)

From 1225 onward, a state of cold war exists
between the two courts. The voivode's raiders occa-
sionally cross Obertus lines to strike against the
Ventrue's holdings in Germany. Rustovitch, who
has still proven unable to crush the Tremere and
who can claim, at best, a moral victory against Lord
Jurgen, is in desperate need of a real triumph. The
Tzimisce voivodes are a fractious lot to begin with,
and those who follow Rustovitch do not do so with
any real enthusiasm. In the face of his constant
failures, many of the Fiends grow more and more

F as » a
2358 SOS, "HUNGARY - FSS SiO


The Tzimisce
Methuselah Noriz, a long-time rival of Rustovitch,
calls loudly for a new order. If Rustovitch cannot
prove his worth, quickly and decisively, he may wish

contemptuous of his authority

that he had fallen to the Ventrue.

For his own part, Jiirgen, unable to easily slip any
large forces through Vykos's domain, has no viable
means of counterattacking the Tzimisce lord, and his
frustration grows nightly. Fornow, the Teutonic Knights'
coming crusade against Prussia occupies his attentions,
buthestill stews over his defeat in Hungary. LordJiirgen
isconstantly looking for ways tostrike back atRustovitch
without endangering his other activities, and might
well be beholden to anyone who could take Rustovitch
down a peg or three

The Hmen War

The Tzimisce aren't the only faction fighting a
war on two fronts. The Tremere, in addition to
fighting the Omen War with the
many of the past years battling bac
Ord
the Tremere once belonged. This Massasa War
stretched the resources of the Tremere to the utmost,
and the Tzimisce would surely have swept them
under had that clan not been engaged in its own

iends, have sper
the forces of the
r of Hermes, a tradition of mortal magi to which

struggles with Lord Jiirgen.
It is not entirely coincidence that things have

progressed thus. For all the vitriol spewed at the
mention of the Tremere, many of the local princes
recognize an asset when they see one, and this

AGENTS PROVOCATEURS

Not all the raids on Lord Jiirgen's territories
that come from the Obertus lands are launched
by Rustovitch, although the Ventrue lord is
certainly meant to think they are. With the
Tzimisce occupied in fighting off the Ventrue
incursion, the Tremere enjoyed unprecedented
success in their own war with the Fiends. The
Usurpers were less than thrilled to see the end of
the Jiirgen's conflict with the Tzimisce, and they
have decided that it will not die down com-
pletely. Even as they negotiate alliances with the
Sword-Bearer, they stage attacks on his lands
designed to fan the flames of his anger against the
Tzimisce. It is a dangerous game they play —
particularly since the Tremere at Jiirgen's court
in Magdeburg (see Chapter Three) might well
pay the price if it fails.

youngest of clans has made numerous hidden alli-
ances in recent years. The most obvious is with the
Ventrue themselves. Lord Jiirgen has a Tremere
envoy at his court, Nova Arpad deals with the
Warlocks as enemies of her enemy, and — until
recently — Claas Drescher, founder of the Krakow
chantry, worked hand-in-hand with the Ventrue
conrad von Aupfholm.

More surprisingly, however, is the budding alli-
ance between the Tremere of Ceoris and an ancient
Nosferatu known simply as Siamko, who appeared
from the Russian steppes some four de
Although none of the local Nosferatu appears to
know Siamko personally, he seems able to call in

ades gone.

favors from a great many of them, boons owed to th
friend or that great-grandchilde of Siamko's. He has
placed his entire network of informants at the dis
posal of the Tremere, and the information garnered
has already allowed the Usurpers to prepare for
Tzimisce and G:
have cost them dearly. Precisely why Siamko is
aiding the Tremere is unclear. The ancient has made
cryptic comments to the effect that he had a lon,
standing grudge against the Salubri, and that this is
his method of rewarding the Tremere for their at-
tempts to exterminate that clan, but few among th

ngrel assaults that might otherwise

WHYGRANDMA, WHAT BIG TEETH.

The local Nosferatu have a very good re:
son for cooperating with Siamko — they're
terrified of him. No one can know for certain,
but rumor among the Lepers has it that Siamko
is the spawn of none other than Baba Yaga, the
Iron Hag of Russia. Why the witch's childe
would be interested in helping the Tremere is a
mystery even to the well-informed Nosferatu,
but theories abound. The current favorite is that
Siamko is concerned about some other ancient
evil that slumbers beneath the lands of the
region — in particular, that he fears the legend-
ary Kupala might prove a threat to the Hag
herself, and that he has settled on the blood
magic of the Tremere as the best means of
destroying or containing the demon. Others
suggest that Siamko, or even Baba Yag:
bears the Tzimisce some grudge from ancient
times, and this is a way of striking back at them

herself,

The true story may forever remain a mys-
tery, since Siamko himself isn't talking — and
the other Nosferatu wouldn't ask, anyway.

+ DARKAGES EUROPE -

FN


Tremere's highest levels believe that this is the
whole truth. Still, Siamko's network is an asset that
they cannot afford to dismiss. They work alongside
the mysterious Nosferatu for now, but they
very close eye on him.

cep a

Fora time, the tide of the Omen War was at low
ebb. The Tzimisce and the Tremere were both too
involved in other conflicts to devote as much time to
one another as they might have liked. With the end
of the Massasa War and the departure of the Teu-
tonic Knights, the Fiends and the Warlocks once
more eye one another with hateful gazes. Here,

however, the inability of the Tzimisce to cooperate
has cost them. By the year 1230, the Tremere have
launched the next stage in the Omen War by doing
something they have never before accomplished.

The Warlocks have taken the offensive.

Their first moves were subtle, but that subtlety
didn't last. At the direction of the Tremere witch
Virstania, Gargoyles drop from the low-hanging
clouds of the Carpathians, not merely to meet the
forces of the Tzimisce who dare approach Ceoris, but
to attack deep in the voivodes' own territories. Entire
villages burn from the face of the earth, Tzimisce
herds exterminated or scattered to the four winds.
Storms of unnatural fury speed across the darkened
skies, rudely ignoring such mundane concerns as

wind and weather, tocrash against the hastily erected
koldunic defenses of the Fiends.

Nor have the Usurpers limited their assault to
mystic techniques. Tzimisce princes and voivodes across

astern Europe find theiragents murdered in the streets,
or else never find them at all. More than one of the
fledgling Obertus monasteries has been ransacked, its
ghoul caretakers slain, its secrets plundered.

The situation cannot last. The Tremere know that
the Tzimisce, though slow to move, will not permitsuch
n assaults to go unanswered. The Usurpers act as
swiftly as they dare, then, determined to cause as much
damage to their foe as possible before the slumbering
dragon fully wakens and the Omen War once more
turns into a conflict of attrition.

TheMgions of Eastern
Europe

These are the largest events of Cainite society,
wars and conflicts that impact the entirety of the
Slavic East, but they are hardly the only vampiric
machinations afoot. What follows is a brief look at
several of the region's
provinces, including a description of the area itself,
a quick examination of the way of life of the region's

braz

most important countries and

kine and a discussion of the area's most active
Cainites. Storytellers and players who seek more
detail than we can provide ina chapter of this length
are encouraged to consult Transylvania by Night or
better yet, to research the region's rich culture and
history on their own

BRING OUT YOURDEAD!

Although the Black Death is still many
years away, smaller plagues ravage Eastern
Europe — indeed, the entirety of the Medi-
eval world — on a regular basis. At a time
when medical knowledge is nearly nonexist-
ent, when even a minor virus or an infected
wound is as likely to kill as not, a substantial
portion of the populace sickens. Influenza,
leprosy and a host of other afflictions strike
without warning, and the reaction of the
populace is brutal in its fear. The ill are often
locked inside their homes and left to die, so
that they may not infect others. Some homes
are burned with their residents still inside.
Streets fall silent, save for the coughs and
whimpers of the dying and the incessant
droning of flies that feast on the dead. On
occasion, entire villages are abandoned, and
those too sick to travel left behind to rot
Disease is often blamed on the activities of
"undesirables," and many foreigners, pagans
and Jews have been murdered in retaliation
for "infecting" good Christians.

Some of these diseases are spread not by
men or even by insects or rats, but by the
Cainites themselves. Many of the Low Clans
feed from the destitute, and a Nosferatu or
Malkavian can easily pick up a disease in one
village and pass it to another. Even the kine
have learned that illness can be used as a
weapon, often using corpses to infect an
enemy's watersupply and streets during siege.
Itshould come as no surprise, then, thatsome
Cainites use their capacity to carry sickness
as a weapon against a rival's herd, deliber-
ately infecting a servant or cat's-paw and
then transplanting him into enemy territory.
(See Chapter Three for a particular case of
this sort of warfare.)

It's easy, of course, for this rather primi-
tive form of biological warfare to spread out
of control, but most vampires don't consider
that possibility until it's too late.

Hungary

The center of Hungary, called Transdanubia, con-
sists largely of great lowland It is bounded on
the west by the easternmost reaches of the Alps and on
the north by the Danube River. Transdanubia is home
to Lake Balaton, the largest freshwater lake in Europe,
and vast expanses of the region are covered in thick
forests of oak and beech, through which stalk wild packs
of black-furred Lupines and other, more sinister crea
tures. The Little Alfold (or Little Hungarian Plain), a
ferti
west. It is separated from the Great Alfold (Great
Hungarian Plain) by a low mountain system that runs
southwest to the northeast

xpans

gion, well suited to farming, lies to the north-

across the country from thi

and forms the backbone of Transdanubia. Many of the
nation's villages and roads follow this range, or the
Carpathians to the north, making both farming and
travel quite difficult in some regions. The Tisza River,

rly be
ern reaches are

which floods the low-lying plains on a y
bisects the Great Alfold. The w
fertile, while the eastern expans
difficult to farm. The Hungarian climate is relatively
cool. The winters are frigid (and wet, to boot), and the
summer months are only moderately warm.

Way of Life

How well one lives in'Hungary is
tially dependent upon both one':
religion. In 1230, Hungary is officially
nation, but the r
as far as the western borders of Transylvania. The
eastern and southern portions of Hungary remain
firmly Eastern Orthodox — those that are not still
pagan. Practicing Catholicism in the ee
tions of the country, or Orthodoxy or paganism in

is,

are drier and more

t least par-
pedigree and one's
Catholic

stern. por-

the west, mark one for social ostracism at least —
imprisonment, forced conversion or even death at
Hungarian
condemned merely for

worst. Nor is religion the only worry
has, for he may find himse
the blood in his veins. The Hungarians (formerly the
Magyars, from which stock springs the ruling Arpad
family) and Szeklers (descendents of Turks who
fought at the vanguard of the Hungarian armies
when they first entered Transylvania) rule ina harsh
feudal system borrowed from the w
The Saxons, invited to own land by King Geza II in
1141, and the Vlachs, who claim to be descended
from natives of the region who predate even the
Magyars, toil in the fields as serfs. Many such families
were stripped of their ancestral lands for the dual
crimes of being non-Catholic and non-Hungarian/

tern nations.

a

(mmm =
Sy,

+ DARKAGES EUROPE -
- - - _j-

Ss

Psy


Szekler. Although several cities in Western Hungary
have reached moderate sizes — the largest can claim
around 6,000 inhabitants — the vast majority of the
country's populace lives in tiny villages of no more
than 200 souls. Often little more than a smattering
of wooden hovels around a small church and a single
dirt road, the peasants and serfs eke out a meager
subsistence, living off what little portion of their
crop is not taken by their feudal lords. Others labor
in Hungary's mines, lugging silver and gold into the
daylight to be turned over to their lords. Most grow
old before their time, if they do not perish quickly of
lung ailments or collapsing mine shafts. The peas-
ants are often dirty and fearful — and not only of
their mortal lords, but of the things that they know
stalk the nights beyond their tiny villages. Few of
them ever know anything of life outside their home-
towns, and are highly suspicious of foreigners. The

are a superstitious folk — with good reason, some
might say — and many are staunch followers of
whatever their chosen faith may be. The Eastern
Orthodox are particularly devout in this regard. A
Cainite hunting among these people might be sur-
prised z or worse z by the strength of their faith.

Polish
Principalities

HOLY
ROMAN
EMPIRE

BUDAPEST

KINGDOM
OF
HUNGARY

The ruling landowners have it somewhat easier.
These boyars (a local position somewhere between a
minor lord, a mayor anda tax-collector) and voivodes
collect goods, tributes and taxes from the serfs who
labor beneath them, some of which they pay in turn
to their own superiors. The barons of Hungary bow
tonoone, not even King Andreas. They pay no taxes
and often rule their principalities like independent
nations. Even they have their problems, however.
The Cuman raids, though far less frequent than they
were before the coming (and going) of the Teutonic
Knights, still nibble away at Hungarian goods and
resources. These are not nearly so great a problem as
those knights themselves. Moving west and north,
eyeing Poland and Prussia like hungry wolves, some
Teutonic Knights still find the time to retaliate for
their exile from Hungary. Many lone traveler:
vans and even small towns are set upon by w
who are no better than brigands, and the people of
Hungary suffer further still.

ara-

arriors

Some Hungarian Cainites continue their class,
religiousand racial prejudices even beyond death. Most
local Ventrue select childer from the ranks of Catholic
Hungarians, for instance, while a preponderance of

Kingdom of

HUNGARY

| UEIEV

\ Principality '
of Kiev

BULGARIAN
EMPIRE


BRAN C
It seemed such a minor thing at the time.
When the Teutonic Knights moved in, they
took possession of a bit of land in the Carpathian
Mountains, overlooking the Borgo Pass. There
they constructed a castle, called Bran. Occu-
pied fora time by Lord Jiirgen's forces, it was left

vacant when they were expelled in 1225.

The castle is unimportant now, and largely
forgotten, but it stands in 1230, and will stand
for many years to come. It will one night serve
as home and haven to the most infamous Cainite
of Transylvania.

What happens to it between now and then
and what it might yet contain

Storyteller.

is up to the

native Tzimisce refuse to Embrace anyone not of Vlach
or Romanian heritage.

Although it is a single country on the map, the
western and eastern portions of Hungary might as
well be two separate nations. Both kine and Cainite
politics differ greatly from one region to the next, as
do cultural norms, religious beliefs and the like.

Western Hungary

From the Cainite perspective, Western Hungary
is more "civilized" than the east, but that does not
make it any less dangerous. Largely the domain of the
Ventrue lords, Western Hungary is a hotbed of
intrigue and scheming, particularly now that Lord
Jiirgen has staked a claim to the region.

Buda-Pest

Although it will one day be the greatest city in
Hungary and is but a handful of years from becoming
Hungary's new capital, Buda-Pest is still currently
overshadowed by Esztergom. A center of trade, par-
ticularly of goods that come down the Danube,
Buda-Pest nevertheless lacks the more "civilized"
feel of Hungary's current capital. Despite the com-
forts and (supposed) safety offered by the city, few of
its inhabitants can forget that they sit very near the
arful Transylvanian wilds. Still, this is a large,
rapidly growing population center, with a substan-
tial amount of mortal and vampiric intrigue

The "city" actually consists of three linked but
separate towns. Buda and Obuda (Old Buda) lie to
the west of the Danube, in an area of forested hills.
Pest, on the east side, maintains its independence as

parate province, except in times of war or other
catastrophe, at which time its inhabitants are only
too glad to take advantage of Buda's stronger posi-
tion and better defenses.

Even Obuda, the oldest of the three towns, was
not the first community built here. The Celts built
the town of Ak Ink on the slopes of Gellert Hill, and
remnants and artifacts of their occupation can be
found even in 1230. The Roman fortified town of
Aquincum arose nearby (mirrored by Contra-
Aquincum across the river), and it was the capital of
the Roman province of Pannonia until the with-
drawal of the Empire. Over the following centuries,
Obuda slowly appeared over the ruins of Aquincum,
and was itself allowed to fall into disuse. The Magyar
tribe that eventually settled the region and became
the Hungarians of the 13th century set about build-
ing upon the ruins of Obuda.

Tonight, Buda-Pest is the fastest growing city in
Hungary, a fact that has caused the Cainite popula-
tion to increase despite the lack of any major
governmental bodies located here. Until recently,
vampires in Buda-Pest were left largely to their own
devices. Vencel Rikard, the city's prince, was too
caught up in watching over his sire, Bulscu, who was
swiftly succumbing to various drugs imported from
the east. Within the past year, however, Bulscu
deliberately sank into torpor as a means of escaping
the ravages of the drugs, leaving Rikard free to act as
prince for the first time in years. The Ventrue has
begun takinga very active interest in the affairs of his
city, and all the forces arrayed throughout Hungary
keep a very close watch on him. The assumption is
that he will probably ally himself with his clanmates
against the Tzimisce voivodes. Rikard, however, has
a longstanding grudge against Geza Arpad, and if
that hatred carries over to Nova, a relative of Geza's,
no one can say which way Rikard — and the re-
sources of Buda-Pest — may turn.

Although the city is ostensibly Christian, many
of its inhabitants still worship pagan gods, and the
cult of the Magyar god Havnor grows particularly
strong. That the "god" they worship is none other
than the Malkavian prophet Octavio is known to
almost no one, Cainite or kine. For his own part,
Octavio's plans to use his growing cult to move
against Prince Rikard and against the demon Kupala
— or perhaps it was against Rikard but for Kupala, or
for Rikard but against Kupala, or... In any case, his
plans have advanced not one whit in the de
since the Madman took on the identity of the god,
and they do not look likely to move ahead any time

ades


soon. This is not to say that Octavio has not made an
impact on the Cainite political landscape; see the
section on the city of Sofia in Bulgaria

Egtergom

The capital city of Hungary in 1230, Esztergom
still outshines Buda-Pest, although its glory and its
influence are both noticeably fading. Situated in an
area of heavily forested slopes, Esztergom perches
beside the Danube River like an elegant spider, and
serves as a large trading center in addition to housing
both the secular and spiritual seats of power. The city
itself is built partially upon a rocky plateau, called
Castle Hill. Atop it stand the Royal Palace (home
and court of King Andreas II), the Bishop's Palace
(which houses the Archbishop of all Hungary) and
the massively domed Cathedral of Saint Adalbert.

Although it receives a great many ambassadors
and merchants, Esztergom remains strangely iso-
lated from the events that befall the rest of Hungary.
An outpost of "civilization," the city is far more
western in feel than are other regions of the country
The nobility and clergy are often quite wealthy, and
frequently more concerned with maintaining their
own status than actually ruling the nation.

The city itself is divided into a number of dis-
tricts. The two well
Archiepiscopal Town, which is considered to be
church property and under canonical, not secular,
law; and Royal Town, which is found in the center
of the city. Royal Town houses Esztergom's main
marketplace, its main port and all the king's staff and
court. It also houses a rather sizable population of
Nosferatu. These outcasts tend to be particularly
religious, especially for Cainites. They vehemently
oppose the activities of "Archbishop" Geza, but they
have insufficient strength to act against him directly

most known are the

as of yet.

Ensconced within the Archiepiscopal Town is
the Church of the Magdalene, below which can be
found catacombs in which many holy men are buried
—and in which the Ventrue Geza Arpad, prince and
self-proclaimed Archbishop of Esztergom, makes his
lair. Gez
and performs regular rituals to taint the holy aura of
this place. In recent years, his actions have begun to

‘a is obsessed with the notion of defilement,

draw the attentions of something in the shadows.
Geza believes it to be the legendary demon Kupala,
but he may not be entirely correct in his assump-
tions. In the Tremere Chantry of Ceoris can be

found a room warded with many mystical sigils, in

which a small horde of demons is permanently im-
prisoned. Neither Geza nor the Tremere could
possibly know that each time Gi
rituals, the demons in Ceoris grow still, as though
listening to a distant call...

a performs his

Eastern Hungary - Transylvania

"The Land Beyond the Forest" is still a wild place,
a part of Hungary in name alone. Here can be found
precious few cities of any size. Instead the rolling,
wooded landscape is dotted with scores of tiny villages,
many of which can claim theirown monstrous Tzimisce
"caretaker." It is surrounded by three distinct mountain
ranges, and even the very peaks often sport a thick
woodland covering. These mountains are riddled with
cavesand draped in perpetual clouds. Horrors of all sorts
lurk in the heights, and even the ancient Tzimisce have
not discovered them all. Though beautiful, the land is
sick. Corruption slicks the waters, and the trees silently
cry their agony to the uncaring clouds above. Some
hideous disease seeps through the soil here, a creeping
pestilence that is blamed — by those few Cainites who
know of it — on the mythical Kupala himself.

THEDEMON'S TOUCH

Kupala is mysterious. Kupala is evil. Kupala
is the source of the land's corruption.

Kupala is convenient.

By blaming the sickness of Transylvania
on a creature that may exist only in legend,

the T:

any responsibility for their own actions. The

misce have absolved themselves of

truth is that there may or may not bea demon

but a great portion of the pestilence that
lurks in the soils and rivers of the land be-
yond the forest is of the Fiends' own making.
Their ancient koldunic sorceries rape their
magics from the earth around them, leaving
an unnatural taint that takes centuries to
fade. Yorak's Cathedral of Flesh spreads its
unholy tendrils throughout the Carpathians,
and the plants, the soil, the very stone shies
away from its touch. Thousands of years of
blood and worse than blood have been spilled
throughout Transylvania, and the land has
drunk it all in... like a vampire.

If Kupala does exist, he must be delighted
indeed. He has, it seems, a great deal of free

time, for so very many Cainites seem willing to
do his job for him.


The Cities of Lransylvania

None of the cities of the east can begin to
compare with Esztergom or Buda-Pest, either in
terms of size or splendor, and those that exist are the
result of Saxon settlers and Cainite influence, rather
than any local desire. Even those few communities
that house over 1,000 inhabitants seem little more
than backward towns. They are ungainly rather than
majestic, swollen rather than grown. Citizens pre-
rustic and less fearful than their
"small-town" neighbors, but their lives are very

tend to be le:

much the same combination of exhaustion and fear.
The most common pastimes, for those who can
afford time away from their daily labors, involve
cheap taverns and filthy brothels. Only four of
Transylvania's cities even have Cainite princes.
One of those, Mediasch, rarely sees its prince, Nova
Arpad, anymore. Although she is still determined to
crush the local Tzimisce, she spends more and more
time these nights traveling between her own domain
and that of Lord Jiirgen.

The city of Bistritz is the domain of Voivode
Radu, ally of Vladimir Rustovitch. After the war
with Lord Jiirgen, Rustovitch wisely decided to re-
move himself from the reach of the Ventrue's agents
(though he claims that the move is intended to place
him closer to the conflict with the Tremere). As a
temporary measure, then, the Voivode of Voivodes
has moved his haven from his court and castle in
central Hungary to the city of Bistritz. Intended from
the beginning to be a temporary measure, the ar-
rangement will not likely last out the decade. In the
interim, however, it is causing a substantial degree of
friction between Rustovitch and the normally ami-
able (for a Tzimisce) Radu. Whether their alliance
can survive the strain remains to be seen.

Ceoris

An imposing fortress high in the mist-shrouded
Carpathian peaks, Ceoris is currently the heart and
soul of the Tremere clan. Protected by defenses both
mystical and mundane, patrolled by Gargoyles on
the wing and creatures summoned from places better
left unmentioned, it is considered largely una
able. Tremere himself slumbers deep in the bowels of
the chantry, watched over by his loyal companion
Etrius. For the first time, it also serves as a staging
ground for Tremere offensives, and not merely a last
line of defense.

sail-

But all is not well within the towering walls of
Ceoris. The back-stabbing intrigue for which the
Tremere will soon become widely known is already

in full swing, as faction vies with faction, preventing
the Warlocks from unleashing their full might upon
their Tzimisce foes. Creatures lurk the halls, not
quite as fully controlled as the thaumaturgists might
believe, and an entire wing has been sealed off to
prevent the escape of demons summoned by a colos-
sal error on the part of Etrius himself. (See both
House of Tremere and the previous discussion of
Esztergom and Geza Arpad for a bit more on the:
infernal creatures.) And although their resistance
will be crushed soon enough, a very few mortal
members of House Tremere remain, determined to
escape the transformation into undeath being forced
upon them by the order of Tremere himself.

The Tremere may no longer stand on the brink
of extinction, as once they did, but it will be many
years yet before they can claim the position in
Cainite affairs that is "rightfully" theirs.

THEALL-SEEINGE

Thirty years ago, at the turn of the century,
the Ventrue sent an ally of theirs — a Ravnos
vampire by the name of Vassily Taltos — to
forak. Ostensibly an emissary, Taltos was in
fact a sacrifice, a pawn to be forfeited in a
greater game. The Ravnos turned the tables on
his betrayers, however, buying his freedom from
the Tzimisce with information on Ventrue ac
tivities. He also assisted the Methuselah in

capturing Dominic, a Carthaginian Brujah who

even now suffers in the halls of the cathedral
Taltos is a pragmatic Scion, and nothing he

did to purchase his freedom should bother him

overmuch. Those who knew the Ravnos before
his time with Yorak, however, claim that they

can see a strangely haunted look in his eyes

That's only half correct. They are haunted
but they are not V:

ssily's eyes.

This. was the other.price of the Ravnos'
freedom, one that he has never admitted to
another living (or unliving) soul. Vassily
Taltos is now and forever a spy for Yorak, for
the Tzimisce has lit
own creation in the Charlatan's skull
thing Taltos sees, Yore
learns more than he would even with his

rally placed eyes of his
Any

sees, and so Yorak

Feguenl paveiie peroteae thi the lands be-
yond his fleshy walls.

Eternal vigilance, they say, is the price of
freedom, and it is a price Vassily Taltos will be
paying for many years to come..


The Cathedral of Flesh

Also hidden somewhere in the Carpathian
Mountains, the abode of the Tzimisce Methuselah
Yorak is nightmare made — and made of — flesh.
Endless twisting corridors and strangely shaped rooms
spread throughout these mountain catacombs, con-
structed of the flesh and organs of thousands upon
thousands of living sacrifices. The walls are shaped
and kept alive by the ancient's mastery of Vicissi-
tude, and anyone with the slightest hint of spiritual
sensitivity (or Auspex) can hear the psychic screams
of these tormented souls ringing endlessly through
the foothills. Yorak himself stalks the halls, never
deigning to set foot beyond his Cathedral, and he
grows wise by telepathically stripping the knowledge
contained in suffering minds. Of all the horrors
Transylvania has to offer, the Cathedral of Flesh may
well be the worst of the lot.

Bulgaria

The Balkan Mountains (in Bulgarian, the Stara
Planina, or Old Mountains) run through the center
of Bulgaria, tracing a line east to west that bisects a
good portion of the nation. The plateau to the north,
the Danubian Plain, is fertile, with excellent farm-
land to be found from the Balkans to the Danube

River that marks Bulgaria's northern boundary. To
the south stretches the Sofia (or Thracian) Plain,
nestled defensively between the Balkans, the Lyulin
Mountains to the west and the Sredna Gora Moun-
tains to the south. The southern expanses of Bulgaria
boast yet another expanse of mountains, including
the ranges Rodopi, Belasita, Rila and Pirin. These
last two are also home to several hundred glacial
lakes. The Black Sea forms the eastern border of
Bulgaria, which allows for a substantial amount of
mercantile activity in the region. Bulgaria receives a
great deal of rain in the winter months, but its
summers are hot and dry.

Way of Life

The Bulgarian situation has changed dramatically
in the past decades. It has been but 45 years since the
nation, led by the brothers Ivan and Peter Asen,
successfully threw off the yoke of the Byzantine Empire.
Bulgaria has shifted from subjugated state to the great-
est power in the Balkans; and from an Orthodox state
to Catholic (under the Asen brothers and their succes-
aloyan), and then back to Orthodox. The current
Tsar, Ivan Asen II, rules over the height of the Bulgar-
ian Empire. The Bulgarian church grows in stature as
well, even though Archbishop Vidor has not yet suc-


ceeded in attaining his goal of restoringhisarchbishopric
to a patriarchy.

All of this, of course, means little to the peas-
antry of Bulgaria. While the nobility and the upper
classes enjoy newfound prosperity, and the larger
cities such as Sofia and Turnovo grow larger and
ticher, the majority of Bulgaria's citizens live in
villages not unlike those found in Hungary. In many
respects, were one placed beside the other, only
variations in language and dress might distinguish
them. Because the nation lacks Hungary's emphasis
on mining, however, nearly all Bulgaria's peasantry
are farmers. Furthermore, many more of those fi
ers are freemen (if still poverty-stricken and
struggling), rather than serfs. Although a sense of
national pride inspired many to laud their freedom
from Byzantium, some Bulgarians secretly longed for
the days of the empire for many years after they
gained independence. They lived in fear of the
Russian tribes, the Turks and the German Empire,
all of which had become a much greater threat now
that Bulgaria stands on its own. By 1230, the growing
strength of the Bulgarian Empire has made such
incursions less likely, but raids and invasion still
weigh heavily on people's minds.

Although the Bulgarians must deal with the
same horrors as their Hungarian neighbors, and the
Tzimisce rule the nights here no less than in
Transylvania, the locals are neither as superstitious
nor as suspicious as the Transylvanians. This is not
to say that they particularly welcome strangers, of
course, or that they do not have their own supersti-
tions, but those superstitions are not so great a part
of day-to-day life.

Bulgaria does not have the racial conflicts of
Hungary to deal with, but religion is as popular a
target as ever. The archbishopric is beginning a
move to purge Bulgaria of all nonbelievers (pagans,
Jews and other "undesirables") asa means of gaining
favor with the Church. Most Bulgarians are Ortho-
dox, but a number of Catholics abide here as well.
Until recently, a sizable minority of the population
followed the Bogomil Heresy, which espouses the
belief that Satan, the youngest son of God, was the
creator of the world, and that Jesus was sent to save
humanity from his "brother." They reject most tradi-
tional forms of worship, espouse abstinence, chastity
and other forms of asceticism. Although the Church
has succeeded in wiping out the majority of the
Bogomil Heresy by 1230, a few pockets of belief
remain, scattered throughout the Bulgarian coun-
tryside and hidden in the cities. The strongest bastion

arm-

of Bogomilism lies in the city of Sofia, in a hidden
sanctuary called the Church of the Holy Light. Here,
Father Patryn leads those faithful who remain —and
conspires with the Cappadocian Amalia to "re-
deem" the other area Cainites, even if it means
dragging them bodily into the sun. They seek the
purification of all Cainites, hoping that through
forced confession and destruction by the sun, these
vampires may find their place in Heaven. Despite
her horrific acts, Amalia's motives are pure (to her
mind, at least). She has not yet realized that the
violence of the hunt has begun to corrupt the soul of
her ally, Father Patryn. They are particularly likely
to move against Cainites who are newly arrived in
Sophia, for fear that these itinerant vampires might
escape their grasp without being "saved."

Sofia

Sofia can be found in the heights of the Sofia
Plain. The largest city in Bulgaria, Sofia has along —
and chaotic — history. Originally settled by a
Thracian tribe called the Serdi many centuries be-
fore Christ, the city was conquered by the Romans
400 years later. Re-christened Triaditsa, the city was
fortified and became the capital of Inner Dacia. It
stood there until it was sacked by the Huns in 441,
rebuilt by the Byzantine Empire, conquered by the
First Bulgarian Empire in the ninth century (and
once more renamed, now called Sredets), conquered
by Byzantium again in 1018 and finally retaken for
Bulgaria by the Asen brothers only a few decades
back. Only since that time has the name of the city
changed again. By 1230, nearly everyone refers to it
as Sofia.

Tonight, Sofia prospers. Its markets are full of
goods from every point on the map; as a center of
trade for much of Eastern Europe, merchants of every
stripe can be found here, from Western Europeans to
Turks. Sofia's holiday festivals are bright and cheer-
ful; men and women laugh aloud, and children run
through the streets. But beneath it all lurks an
undercurrent of fear, for everyone from lowest peas-
ant to highest noble can never forget that his fate
remains in the hands of someone higher still. When
the festivals end, when the markets close, most
Bulgarians take to their homes and bar their doors
and windows, and those who remain out and about
do well to keep one eye turned behind.

The city stands heavily defended. The remain-
ders of the old Roman fortifications have been added
to and strengthened by both Byzantine and Bulgar-
ian defenders, and watchtowers loom from the walls


and the main gate, ensuring that no enemy can
approach undetected. The Perlovets and Vladaya
Rivers flank the city, ensuring a constant supply of
water in times of siege, and the surrounding moun-
tains conspire to protect the city like a second ring of
impenetrable walls. In the west of the city, on the
tuins of the old Roman fortress, stands Serdica Castle,
the greatest structure in Sofia and former home of
the city's prince.

The Lasombra Basilio the Elder is gone. Having
barely survived an assassination attempt by an
Assamite he had grown to trust, saddened by
Bulgaria's break from Byzantium and never having
quite recovered from the news of the sack of
Constantinople, Basilio has departed Sofia forever,
returning to his native Iberia. Halfa dozen ambitious
Tzimisce made a frantic bid for the princedom —
only to discover that a new player in the game had
beaten them to it.

The new Prince of Sofia is nota native Bulgarian
at all. His features and his mannerisms mark him as
Hungarian, though he has mastered the language
and the customs of Bulgaria well enough. Sharp
features, dark eyes and soot-colored hair give him a
constantly brooding appearance, and they clash
awfully with his pallid, waxen skin. His name is Bela
Rusenko, of the Cappadocians. He is a former dis-
ciple of the Malkavian prophet Octavio, and he is
dangerously insane. See the end of this chapter for
more on Prince Bela, and what his reign may mean
for Sofia and all of Bulgaria.

Sofia is also well known for its underground min-
eral springs, which feed a number of thermal baths
throughout the city in which people come to gather,
bathe and gossip as the Romans did. The most luxurious
of these baths is the House of the Eagle. Built in the
Roman style and located well north of the central
market, it is a popular haunt of the city's elite. The
proprietor, Jorgi the Bear, was a ghoul of Prince Basilio,
yet with the departure of his former master, he has been
forced to find his vitae elsewhere.

Beneath the House of the Eagle, springs flow from
caves that lead deep into the earth of the Sofia Plain —
and in some of those caves, things are stirring. When
the Library of the Forgotten in Constantinople burned,
many of the Obertus monks scattered across the Slavic
East. Onesmall group, led bya Tzimisce named Elsbetta,
has come here. Jorgi now serves as Elsbetta's eyes and
ears among the city's nobles in exchange for regular
draughts of live-prolonging blood (although his true
blood oath to Basilio remains strong). Yet, even he is
not permitted into the depths of the caverns that are

~
pay

now inhabited by the Tzimisce and her servants. What
the Obertus hope to accomplish here remains a mys-
tery, but Jorgi has begun to grow nervousat the number
of "guests" the Tzimisce have brought below who have
never returned — far more than should be required to
feed a single Cainite, or even a small brood...

Boland

Much of the area occupied by the Polish princi-
palities is lowland, particularly in the heart of what
was once unified Poland. Unlike its eastern neigh-
bors, the Polish land consists largely of flatlands or
gently rolling plains, becoming mountainous only in
the south. There, those plains eventually meet the
Carpathian Mountains, which in turn give way to
the Tatra Mountains that mark the borders of Polish
domain. The Vistula, the largest river in Poland,
flows from the Carpathian Mountains across most of
the nation, eventually emptying out into the Baltic
Sea. Along with the Oder River, it marks the bound-
aries of the Polish plains.

Much of Poland is forested. Many villages dot
the available flatlands, but the soil here is poorer
than in nearby nations, and subsistence is often a

struggle. The nation was once divided into two
distinct provinces — Wielkspolska (Greater Po-
land) and Malopolska (Lesser Poland) — but with
the disintegration of Poland as a unified state, these
distinctions no longer have much meaning. Winters
and summers can reach dangerous extremes, but can
also prove to be quite mild. The climate is relatively
wet, the winters more so than the summers.

Way of Life

The breakup of the Polish state was largely
brought about by King Boleslaw III's attempt to
divide the nation among his sons. This act led swiftly
to a breakdown of the governing system, and the
ousting of his eldest son, Duke Vladislav, in 1146. By
1230, a unified Poland is little more than a memory.
No longer a recognizable nation, Poland consists of
numerous independent principalities, each ruled
over by its own landowner, baron or voivode — and
by its own Cainite prince, of course. The Teutonic
Knights have arrived, answering Duke Konrad of
Mazovia's call for aid against the pagan Prussians
threatening his border. The knights have already
claimed portions of the land as their own, and the
immediate area is becoming little more than a stag-
ing ground for their coming invasion of Prussia. As
of yet, however, this little impacts the remainder of
the Polish principalities.

FS a See


The feudal system in Poland has begun to change
over the past decades. Few serfs remain, as most land-
owners have found it more profitable to employ free
farmers to work their lands. Guaranteed fixed rents on
land, many settlers from the west, have established their
own communities. These villages, be they Polish or
foreign, are not quite as grim as those in lands east
Farmers in Poland require more land than their Hun-
garian or Bulgarian counterparts, because the soil inany
given area is often less fertile. This, combined with

Poland's lesser quantity of mountains and forests com-
bine to encourage Polish villages to spread out more
than their counterparts. Some villagers work in the
mines that, though less rich than those of Hungary,
nevertheless add substantial wealth to the coffers of
local landholders. When it was a unified state, many of
Poland's villages were "service villages" — communi-
ties of craftsmen who lived just outside a lord's holdings
and made their living providing for his household's
needs. Though this system has broken down, several of
these service villages remain, communities in which a
vast majority of the populace survive entirely by selling
goods and services to a local nobleman (or, perhaps,
local Cainites).

The territories boast several larger cities such as
Krakow, Poland's former capital, many of which are
growing rapidly due to increased trade with the west.

In the eyes of westerners, the people of Poland are
backward than their neighbors. While the vampire
lord (usually but not universally Tzimisce) of any given
province regularly preys upon the populace of her
ainite activity in Poland (Krakow excepted)
is less intensive than in other regions, perhaps because

domain,

the tiny provinces do not seem worth their attention.
Therefore, the Poles find the nights less terrifying. They
are not so superstitious, nor do they rush so desperately
to be inside before the sun has set. Trade with the west
is quite common, even in smaller communities.

For their own part, the Polish lords and nobility
seem equally divided between two different sorts. Some
of them spend much of their time mourning the loss of
past glories and dreaming of a newly reunited Poland
which will once again leave its mark on the European
countryside. Others, however, are perfectly happy with
their autonomy, preferring unregulated power over a
small domain to the necessity of answering to the king
ofa larger territory. Many of this latter sort become true
despots, and the mortal terror they inspire in those
unfortunate enough to dwell in their domains is more
than enough to make up for any dearth of supernatural
danger in the region.

Poland is largely a Catholic nation, and, as else-
where, differences of religion cause a substantial amount
of unrest. The local pagan tribes were officially

Christianized in the late 10th century, but even tonight,
many of Poland's citizens worship gods in hidden temples
or sealed rooms that they would never admit to their
parish priest. Jews are tolerated in many communities,
and their numbers are rising as many of them flee to
Poland to escape persecution in Western Europe, but an
anti-Semitic attitude is growing more prevalent through-
out the principalities. As with so many nations, the Jews
of Poland are forced to live in ghettoes, away from their
Christian neighbors.

Krakow

Located in the southern regions of the former
Polish state — specifically in what was Malopolska
— Krakow has become a cosmopolitan center of
commerce and learning (or what passes for such in
1230), despite the collapse of the nation around it.
Many of Krakow's citizens and nobility, Cainite and
kine, still think of their city as the capital of Poland,
despite the fact that Poland is no longer a nation,
and that Duke Casimir, the last obvious claimant to
the Polish crown, died over three decades ago. Local
pride, a relatively foreign concept to much of Eastern
Europe, is alive and well here, as citizens celebrate
their city's culture and history, and its nobles dream
of glories lost.

The city of Kra
the Vistula River in the 10th century, though legend
states that a small village existed on the spot earlier
still, and was terrorized by a dragon until a cobbler
named Krak found a way to kill it by tricking it into
consuming a mixture of sulfur and salt. The city has
long been a stronghold of Catholicism, and became
abishopric at the turn of the millennium; neverthe-
less, a great many followers of the old
within its high defensive walls. In addition, the city
boasts the Collegium Maius, an institution of learn-
ing that isknown throughout Europe. Though largely
distrusted by the populace and the nobility, the city's
Jews — allowed to remain for their knowledge and
learning — dwell in a ghetto just outside the so-
called "University Quarter."

They are not alone. Dwelling in their midst, his
haven beneath the city's synagogue, is a Cainite by
the name of Yitzhak ben Avraham. This Jewish
ashen rabbi of the Road of Heaven seeks nothing less
than the reestablishment of a Polish state — and
furthermore, he seeks to establish within it a new
Jewish homeland.

In the south of Krakow is Wawel Hill, atop
which stand both Wawel Castle and its adjoining
cathedral. Wawel Castle is the ancestral home of the

kow was constructed alongside

avic ways live

tuling Piast family. The current duke, Leszek I, has
accomplished little during his reign, spending most
of his time in battle — both politically and literally
— against other claimants to his title. The Prince of
Krakow, the Tzimisce Razkoljna, lies in torpor in a
cave within the hill. A mere three years ago, Razkoljna
aulted by a coterie of Furores, so her own
childer now watch over her as she recovers from her
injuries. Her absence has allowed Yitzhak to begin
expanding his own base of power.

was as

Not far from Yitzhak's haven, the Tremere Claas
Drescher dwells in the cellar of an apothecary's shop.
Currently struggling to found a hidden chantry in
this Tzimisce-held city, Drescher has been unable to
take full advantage of Razkoljna's absence. His
Ventrue ally and countryman, Konrad von
Aupfholm, has been murdered, his ashes left cling-
ing to the wall of an alleyway amidst some form of
yellow ichor. So far, Drescher has been unable to
determine who — or what — slew his comrade, but
at least two other Cainites have met Final Death
under similar circumstances, and the Tremere is
growing alarmed.

TheRussian Brincipalities

The region once known as Kievan Rus lies
roughly in the geographical center of Europe. Only
the very border regions are mountainous; the rest of
the territory alternates between gently rolling low-
landsand more level highlands. The northern reaches
of the region are occupied by the Pripet Marshes, a
relatively large swampland. The Dneiper River runs
through the region, linking the Baltic Sea with the
Empire of Byzantium. The region's position between
the Black and Baltic Seas, and along major wate:
borne and overland trade routes makes it a center of
commerce for Eastern Europe. The land itself is
fertile and excellent for farming. The woodlands are
full of game (and host the occasional Feral Cainite as
well as packs of Lupines), and the climate of the
region is temperate, even mild.

Way of Life

Like Poland, what was once the semi-unified
region of Kievan Rus has degenerated into a warring
mass of independent pseudo-states. The Russian
principalities are, if anything, even less cohesive
than the Polish territories, for they have already had
a foretaste of the terror that will soon sweep in from
the east. In 1169, already suffering social and finan-
cial decline thanks to shifting patterns of trade

ay


routes brought about partly by the Crusades, "Golden
Kiev" was sacked and plundered by Prince Andrey
zdal. In 1203, a similar raid,
launched by Roman Mstislavich of Galicia, unrav-

Bogolyubov of Su

eled much of the progress they'd made toward
recovery. Only in the following decades had Kiev
managed to pick up some of the pieces, to make the
city great again, though it had already lost its preemi-
nent position in the area to the city of Novgorod.
Then, in 1222, the city was attacked again, this time
by Subetai and Jebe, generals of Genghis Khan's
Golden Horde. Although the true Mongol invasion
is still several years distant in 1230, this prelude of
things to come has driven the final nail in Kiev's
coffin. The city will persevere, will even regain its
position as a center of commerce, but it will never
again recapture the glory it once possessed.

Most of the area's income derives from trade in
woodland products and artistic goods (along with
some mining endeavors). It is an economy in which
the vast majority of the populace does not partici-
pate at all, as craftsmen employed by the boyars
produce the majority of such crafts. Though those
boyars own most of the farmland, they have little
interest in the day-to-day affairs of their subjects,
and they receive little in the way of income from
them. Most villages, then, pay little heed to the
nobility and are entirely self-sustaining. They con-
sist largely of sprawling farms, and hunting provides

agreater portion of the local diet than it does in other
regions. Only in the cities such as Kiev and Novgorod
does anything resembling a traditional feudal system

exist. In these places, the citizenry find themselv
more impoverished than they once were; goods and
services bring lower prices, and trade with other
nations, while substantial, cannot equal its past
heights.

Most of the Russian principalities remain largely
Orthodox by faith, though many Catholics, Mus-
lims, pagans and Jews can be found in Kiev and other
centers of trade. The churches of the region are still
quite activ
reversal of fortune, and for protection against the

, as most of the populace pray for a

foreign influences (and other, less mundane dan-
gers) that have grown in the time since the collapse
of Kievan Rus.

In the past handful of years, rumors have spread
that suggest that a powerful Gangrel has appeared in
Russiaand come toanaccord with the local Tremere.
The Tzimisce have made a concerted effort to inves-
tigate the validity of these claims, so far with little
success. If this is true, the Fiends have reason to fear.

The Omen War has remained largely a stalemate
even with various clans — such as the Gangrel —
working against the Tremere. Should even a small
number of Gangrel shift their allegiance to the
Warlocks, the Tzimisce may find themselves on the
losing side of the war. As such, the Tzimisce of the
region have begun reaching out to other clans,
seeking to make alliances where there were none
before, in order to bolster their own strength against
this alarming turn of events. Outsiders have the
opportunity to earn substantial boons from the Rus
sian Tzimisce, if only they are willing to stand with
them against a common foe.

Riew

Kiev has stood on the wooded west bank of the
Dneiper since the late fifth century, well before there
was anything resembling a Russian state. Positioned
perfectly as a trading center, the city has prospered
throughout its recorded history — until now. The
city itself, behind its battered walls and shattered
golden gate, is subdivided into three districts. For-
merly the richest part of the city, Upper Town has

FAMILY RESEMBLANC
Legend among the Cainites of the Slavic
East has it that the Nosferatu who run the forests
of the region are the childer of Baba Yaga,
wreaking havoc wherever they go.
A convenient legend, if one happens to be
osteratu.
Rasputin Simyonoy leads his coterie of
osferatu on murderous raids across.the length
and breadth of the former Kievan territories.
Mortals are stripped of their valuables, their
blood and their very lives, and even lone Cainite
travelers have fallen to Simyonov's rampages.
Few of the local vampires are willing to stand up
to the marauders or to hunt theni down, for fear
of drawing the wrath of Simyonov's sire.
Actually, Simyonov's sire was a befuddled
osferatu who lurked in the alleys of Novgorod and
died years ago at the fangs of his child
wouldn't know Baba Yaga from the Virgin Mary
He's simply an opportunist who recognized a good
thing when he stumbled onto it.

. Rasputin

Of course, there may be true childer of Baba
Yaga abroad in the night, and sooner or later one
of them might just take offense at Simyonov's
little game


grown sullied and decrepit during these long years of
hardship. Few of its ornate structures remain, and
what was once the home of the city's clergy and
nobility is now a warren of poverty and crime. The
only bit of Upper Town's faded past that remains is
Saint Sophia Cathedral, an old church bedecked
with silver and gold and exquisite mosaics. The
cathedral managed to escape looting during the raids
onKiev only through the efforts of the pagan Tzimisce
Darvag Grozny, who has sworn to tear down the
church himself and is not about to let some pitiful
band of kine beat him to it. Grozny is the closest
thing Kiev has to a Cainite prince, though he has no
interest in such titles.

Kiev's Lower Town, or Podil, is traditionally the
home of Kiev's artisans and craftsmen, and it still
boasts anumber of the city's remaining merchants. It
is also, however, the lair of enough thieves, bandits,
pirates, cutthroats, slavers and whores to make even
Upper Town's criminal element look sedate. Citi-
zens in Lower Town lock their doors and windows at
night, and not out of any fear of vampires. Rumors
among the Cainite population place a small cell of
Prometheans here, but Grozny's fanaticism about
defending "his" city from other Cainites makes this
an unlikely proposition.

The third district, Pechersk, is Kiev's religious
center, and it is occupied almost entirely by a series
of churches and monasteries. One, the Monastery of
the Caves (named thus because it is, quite literally,
carved into the earth), has remained relatively un-
touched during Kiev's various sacks, a fact that has
drawn the attention of those who prefer to keep their
presence both secret and safe. A small cell of Obertus
have set up a library and monastery of their own in
the lower levels, protected by several monks who
have been inducted into the order. The leader of
these Obertus, Mother Miska, isan Obertus revenant.
None of the Obertus here are vampires, which may
be why Grozny has chosen to leave them alone
(though he may simply remain ignorant of their
presence; the pagan Cainite spends little time in this
part of town).

Notable Cainites

VBelaMusenko, Prince of Sofia
7th-generation Cappadocian, childe of Amalia

of Thrace, walker on the Road of Sin

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 1044
Apparent Age: early 40s

Amalia of Thrace long believed she was eter-
nally damned, well before she encountered the
Bogomil priest Father Patryn. Many of her long years
of unlife were spent alone, but her need for compan-
ionship overcame her better instincts at times and
drove her to drag another into the darkness with her

One such victim was Bela Rusenko, a Hungarian
scribe. Born and raised in Buda-Pest, Bela knew little of
the world beyond his city. He grew up well educated,
, for his uncle was a Catholic priest, and his
-dge of things esoteric and spiritual was impres-
Amalia met Bela during midnight mass, and he
quickly impressed her as a worthwhile companion. For
his own part, Bela's faith in Catholicism was not as
strong as his knowledge of the religion, and he took
quickly to the life of the "damned." The opportunities
for learning far outweighed, in his mind, the prospect of
eternal damnation by a God he wasn't even sure he
acknowledged.

During their travels, Bela learned a great deal of
the world — and Amalia learned more than she
wanted to about her companion. Bela quickly began
to revel in his newfound immortality, not the sort of


et G0 6 raf ee

aa 2

reaction of which his penitent sire approved. De-
spite a mutual blood oath (which has long since
faded by 1230), it took barely 50 years for them to go
their separate ways, Amalia returning to her home in
Bulgaria, Bela to the wilds of Transylvania.

It was here that Bela began to learn of the strange
powers that dwelt in the land beyond the forest, and
his mind began to turn down dangerous paths. Surely,
if there were things greater even than the Children
of Caine hidden in the night, they must have access
to knowledge that the vampires did not. Bela found
himself caught up in several cults, always seeking a
being of power from which he might beg enlighten-
ment. He found, instead, the "god" Havnor — the
Malkavian prophet Octavio. And from Octavio, he
learned of the demon Kupala.

Belaspent many years studying at Octavio's feet,
andhe has gleaned "the truth" from the mad Cainite's
ramblings. Octavio's task is not to thwart Kupala; it
is to become Kupala, granting the demon-god a new
form in the physical world. Since the Malkavian is
clearly neither stable enough for the task, nor worthy

of the knowledge and power such a trans

formation
would bestow upon him, however, it falls to someone
else to become the demon's host.

Bela departed Transylvania, partially to get away
from Octavio's cult and partially because he believes
that the magics of the land are part of what keeps
Kupala bound. Using contacts and allies formed
during his travels with his sire, and taking advantage
of the chaos as the Tzimisce of the region warred one
with another, he was able to step easily into the void
left by the departure of Basilio the Elder and become
Prince of Sofia. To the Cainites of Bulgaria, Bela is
a driven and commanding — yet ultimately mun-
dane — prince, made unusual only because his clan

is not known for holding such positions.

Behind closed doors, Bela conducts rituals that
Arpad cringe. He moves
slowly, cautiously, not wishing any of the local
Cainites to discover his plans. His intention is to
summon Kupala bodily to Sofia, where Bela will
become a new host and incarnation for the demon.
In an ironic echo of the mad dreams of the Toreador
Michael, he intends to sacrifice a portion of his city
— any Cainites therein, in fact — to do it.

would make even Geza

It will be some years yet, before his plans come to
fruition (if they ever do at all). With any luck, he
won't survive long enough to implement his mad
scheme. Amalia and Father Patryn have the new
prince very near the top of their list of vampires who
must be "purified."

—-.
i> yo gy

oe

YHitshak ben Avraham,
Ashen Rabbi of Krakow

6th-generation Brujah, childe of Natas
on the Road of Heaven

ia, walker

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Fanatic

Embrace: AD 1111

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Yitzhak Reuben was born in the city of Prague,
the only child of Rabbi Ariel Reuben and his wife,
Sarah, and his childhood was a time of relative
comfort. His family was not particularly affluent, but
neither did it starve. Yitzhak was educated, as were
many of the Jews of that region, and he was fully
fluent and literate in German, Hungarian, Slavonic
(western dialect) and Hebrew by the time he was 12.
When he was 17, his entire extended family left
Prague, concerned with the growing enforced isola-
tion of the Jewish Quarter. They settled in Krakow,
where the Jews were somewhat more widely toler-
ated. Yitzhak began working as a silversmith.
Although his first devotion was still to his studies,
and he was devout in his faith, he did not feel that he
had the temperament to follow in his father's foot-
steps and become a rabbi.

When his father died, 10 years later, Sarah sat
shiv'a, a Jewish custom in which the mourning family
receives visitors for seven days, so that they might
express their condolences. Yitzhak was absolutely
shocked to see a woman he knew asa local prostitute
and had heretofore avoided — show up the first
evening to express her regrets!

The woman's name, it turned out, was Natasia,
and she had been a frequent visitor of Ariel Reuben
— not in the way Yitzhak had at first feared, but
simply as a companion. The dark-haired woman was
quite intelligent and well versed in all manner of
esoteric subjects. Yitzhak soon found himself doing
as his father had done: meeting with the woman
regularly for nothing more improper than deep con-
versation. That the: after
dark never bothered him.

After several years of this unusual friendship,
Natasia explained her true nature to Yitzhak. He was
horrified — not that Natasia was some inhuman
creature, but that anyone should have to exi
did. His response to her undead state was one of
sympathy and caring. It had been years — since well
before her Embrace, in fact — since any other man
save Yitzhak's father had treated Natasia as an equal.

e meetings only took place

as she

+ DARKAGES EUROPE -


a reaction entirely unlike any she'd ever
experienced, and Natasia decided instantly that
Yitzhak's unique (in her experience) kindness must
be preserved. He did not hate her for what she did, for
he knew that in her mind she had given him a great
gift — but still Yitzhak could not accept what he had
become. Nights after his Embrace, Yitzhak lefthome,
never to see his family again.

Over the following decades, the Brujah wan-
dered Eastern Europe. He learned many things about
both Cainite and mortal society. He saw how his
people, the Jews, were treated throughout the land.
He saw how many of the vampires, marked as differ-
ent by clan or even by age, were downtrodden as

well. And slowly, Yitzhak began to understand his
place in God's plan.

Now calling himself Yitzhak ben Avraham
("Isaac, son of Abraham," a reference to the Old
Testament), he has returned to Krakow, a devout
follower and ashen rabbi of the Road of Heaven, and
he is on nothing less than a holy quest. God did not
mean for man to raise arms against man, nor vampire
against vampire. Jew, Christian, Muslim, Brujah,
Ventrue, Nosferatu: All are God's children.

He would start with Poland, then. Yitzhak's
dream is of a united Poland — one mortal govern-
ment by day, one Cainite law in the shadows.
Furthermore, this new Poland should be a refuge for
his own people, a homeland where the Jews might be
safe and welcomed until the world becomes a more
hospitable place. It is an ambitious goal — especially
as it is but the first step toward a larger unity — but
surely God intended him for nothing less. Other-
wise, why grant him the gift of immortality?

Tonight, Yitzhak prefers to work through inter-
mediaries, not out of fear of discovery by the other
powerful Cainites of the region, but because he fears
his own temper. Naturally calm, Yitzhak has come to
dread the outbursts of violence brought about by his
Brujah blood, and he prefers to avoid developing
many close attachments for fear of harming those he
cares about. For all his easygoing nature and love of
peace, however, Yitzhak has no compunctions about
defending himself or his objectives with violence.
He has already developed a small but strong follow-
ing among the walkers on the Road of Heaven, and
he is quickly becoming a true power in the region.

r > ais eee a
—~ a es ee SC OS®& A
yrs . a S emlaecoaay Cy y ae
neo ae HUNGARY A i



(hAPCER, SEVEN:
S(ANDIDAVIA AND

Che BALCICS

"Nobles! Our enemy isa foreigner, begirt with the arms
and the wealth of almost all the West; let us, by en-
deavouring to defer the battle forour profit, make him
a prey to famine, which is all inward malady; and he will
find it very hard to conquer a peril among his own
people."

—Saxo Grammaticus

Few Cainites dare venture into the lands outside civilized
Europe. Unspeakable things lurk here, and strange vampires
hunt for blood. To the east lie Prussia and the pagan lands of the
Baltic, to the west Denmark, and Sweden and Norway lie to the
north. Some Cainites have made these countries their homes,
either by adapting to the ways of the north or by bringing their
ways with them. Whatever the case, the northlands are harsh,
demanding and unforgiving, and no being holds the power to
bring them under sway.


et te eee SOS moj me Jot
we = A — od
a i fee =

POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT

MORTALS

Valdemar Il — King of Denmark.
Troubled yet ambitious regent of a state in
decline. Valdemar inherited the throne from
his brother, Canute, but he is lacking the
tutelage of the Archbishop Absalon, which
both his brother and father had before him.
He is ruthless toward pagans and desperate
tomaintain his power. Since 1227, hispower
has slipped after decades of glory.

Haakon IV Haakonson — King of Nor-
way. Determined ruler with a penchant for
culture and civilization. Haakon is troubled
by the local kin strife of his country, but he
is looking to expand the Norwegian com-
monwealth both in terms of political and
real power.

Canute Holmgersson — King of Sw
den. Canute rules in an extremely turbulent
time, trying to hold togethér the young
nation without yet having gained the stabil-
ity of a feudal state. Religious matters also
trouble the king, who is frantically seeking
advisors to help him stabilize the country.

Albert — Bishop of Riga. Leader of the
Brethren of the Sword, a relentless man with
a taste for riches, power and vitae. His lust
for the blood:of Cainites is growing some-
what noticeable, and some of the Brethren
have started'to worry about their leader:

Mindaugus— King of Lithuania. A ruth-
less man who does not let anything stand in
the way of his path to greater power, be that
exiling his family or murdering his consorts.

Scandinavia

Centuries have come and gone since last the
cries of despair following the coming of the longboats
of the Vikings faded. An era of mayhem and destruc-
tion has passed, the Viking kingdoms lie shattered,
the longboats have sunk, and the words of the All-
High are but echoes of the past

The Vikings brought their culture across most of
Northern Europe, and even as
Constantinople, spreading terror wherever they chose
toraid. Perhaps this has been a contributing factor to

far east as

°or
ah he,

CAINITES

RosenkrantztheElder—(6th-generation Ventrue)
Contender to the title of prince in Bergen. Holds
influences within the Norwegian royal court.

mbrosio Vitalis — (10th-generation Lasombra)
A monk and chronicler, currently on his way throug!
Scandinavia in 1230.

Absalon—(7th-generation Nosferatu) Previously
exerted influence over the Archbishop of Lund, now a
contender for princedom of Copenhagen. Designer of

eaty of Arkona.

Fortinbras — (8th-generation Ventrue) Self-pro-
claimed Prince of Copenhagen, breaker of the Treaty of
Arkona. Labors to remain Prince despite a lapse in
power as the Treaty was broken.

HermanRadov—(8th-generation Ventrue) Prince
of Bergen, struggling to maintain his power while other
Cainites strive to relieve him of it.

land — (9th-generation Brujah) Prince of
Gotland. Brooding, proud Brujah who struggles to
maintain his power.

Werter (7th-generation Gangrel) Nominal
Cainite leader of Uppsala. Wotanist (Odin worshipper)
who denounces Christianity the Methuselah
All-High to be the progenitor of his lineage, and not
Caine, as do many other Wotanist Gangrel.

Eirik Longtooth — (10th-generation Gangrel)
Legendary einherjar outlaw. Vehemently anti-Chris-
tian, he labors to damage the religion wherever he can.

Lord Horstde Novara—(9th-generation Ventrue)
Merchant sponsor of campaigns in Livonia and Prussia.
Wishes to gain control over Albert, Bishop of Riga, and
other key individuals. ;

Tengael—(7th-generation Gangrel) Coven leader
of a pack of Prussian Gangrel struggling against the
German invasion. She carries on the Prussian legacy
even after her culture has been assimilated by the
ee GP,

the general belief that Scandinavia is a cold and
dangerous land where certain death awaits the un-
wary traveler.

Today, though, there is but little evidence of the
brutal days of yore. Most Scandinavians are God-
fearing Christians, commoners and nobles alike.
That is not to say, however, that there are not those
who oppose Christianity in these lands. Some would
see the lands and the people reverted to the old ways.

Comprising the three kingdoms of Denmark, Nor-
way and Sweden, Scandinavia spans the North Seaand
encompasses the western banks of the Baltic Sea,
bordering both Russia and the Holy Roman Empire.

ff' yw ZF Lr tel
=> "4 DARKAGESEUROPE- ===
» S — See

Denmark

Denmark borders the Holy Roman Empire and is
not attached to the Scandinavian peninsula. It sits
on its own peninsula surrounded by the islands that of?

constitute the kingdom. Thought in the past to be as ey
fierce and barbaric as their northern cousins, Den- 0
mark is now a civil and devotedly Christian nation.
Nevertheless, the Danes carry a reputation of be-
ing relentless and impatient, but the Danish
views on etiquette and government have grown
quite advanced. Many Scions find an ideal
home here, relishing the chance to direct

the burgeoning methods of government.

The Valdemar Era 2.

The past century has been a pros-

>

2
ef

perous one for Denmark, beginning
with the rule of Valdemar | in
AD 1157. After a brutal and

ARN
devastating period of civil ™ ey?
80 F

FREE
STATE

wars, Valdemar took
power with blade in 294

¢
hand. Valdemar's a S
em

/%
brother Absalon, [BERGEN "SS i & 4

Archbishop of Lund,

minister, his foster-

was ever at his side, ¢ !

as were most of the pay A
other bishops, (who osto EY

were well under i S

Absalon's influence (a 4
—those who resisted {7

were exiled). Absalon <

founded Copenhagen in

ase wr eentervant iS fe)
1167 asa trading center, and ag TRIGA
he is generally considered re- tl

f =

sponsible for most of Fs
Valdemar's achievements. P=) ok

The last few centuries a A
ish rule. A blood feud in the ASS

royal house resulted in a series

ofmurdersand contests for the throne,

until Valdemar seized the throne in 1157, with the

help of his foster-brother. Their rule was not as

bloody as their means of attaining it, though. To-

gether they reorganized the government,

re-established the national monetary units and fi-

nally rid Denmark of the bands of marauders that

had plagued his lands. The most important battle S C A N DINAV I A

was the capture of the castle Arkona, on the island


of Riigen in 1169. Absalon led the attack himself,
conquering the Slavic Wends, destroying their great
temple to the pagan god Svantevit. Absalon's mo-
tives for personally leading the attack were unknown.
With Absalon at his ear
knowledged the Holy Roman E
Denmark, thereby ensuring a peaceful relationship
lowing him to focus solely on the
rebuilding and restructuring of the country without
fear of attack from the south. Under Absalon's
guiding hand, Valdemar's son Canute IV liberated
Denmark from the Empire in 1184, ensuring the title
of national hero for the son as well as the father.

Valdemar also ac-
nperor as overlord of

with the empire,

Following Canute was his brother, the current
king, Valdemar II. After he attained the crown in
1202, Valdemar II decided to expand south and
captured Holstein and the city of Hamburg. Further
conquests include Pomerania and Mecklenburg, and
Valdemar II's nation was established as one of the
great European powers. Valdemar conquered Esto-
niain 1219 and claimed that a standard, Dannebrog,
fell from the sky during the battle and helped ensure
victory. With his victory well in hand, Valdemar
erected a castle at the site, known as Reval.

In 1223 a civil war erupted, as several German
nobles under Danish dominion rebelled. Valdemar
IL and his oldest son were captured by Germans and
held hostage for more than two years. Valdemar was
finally released after agreeing to a huge ransom, and
he gave up most of his German provinces. He at-
tempted to win back his lost territories, but he was
defeated by the combined forces of German princes,

1ETRUSTED ADVISOR

Absalon of Lund held a great deal of influ-
ence over mortal leaders and followed his own
rather strange agendas. This might raise the
speculation that Absalon is (or was) a vampire,
which is true after a fashion.

Absalon of Lund was a mortal man. Just as
he whispered into the ear of the king, though, so
another whispered into hisown. When Valdemar
claimed the throne, a Cainite of Clan Nosferatu
gain the ear of Absalon of Lund. Known only by
the name of his pawn, he has plotted his own
course through Danish history. He rarely e»
cises direct influence on the affairs of state. It
seems the Nosferatu Absalon mainly milked his
ke for information so that he could ma-
nipulate Cainite affairs in Denmark, perhaps
suggesting this and that on the odd occasion.

names

including Count Adolf IV of Schauenburg as well as
the citizens of Hamburg, at the battle of Bornhéved.

Losing much of his provincial strength and strug-
gling to maintain authority over his nobles, Valdemar
turned to strengthening the central government and
devising new laws during the remainder of his reign.
In 1230, Denmark is at somewhat of a juncture, on
the way to decline after a glorious century, as
Valdemar has lost most of his power and now reigns
over a peninsula in turmoil. Despite his attempts to
instigate reforms of state, the nobles under the Dan-
ish crown are hungry for power, and many whisper of
coming civil wars.

Caintes in sth-Century Denmark

Denmark is a great European power in decline. In
darkened halls, Scions meet in hopes of finding some
way to stop the decline and bring Denmark back to its
glory. In the throne room, Valdemar II and his advisors
sk the same, while still attempting to
maintain a mask of decency and nobility.

desperately s

The Cainites of Denmark, where in Europe,
hold little real influence over the royal court. Instead,
some Ventrue act as councilors and political advisors to
more prominent nobles. Several Brujah serve as schol-
ars and military advisors to the court, but they do not
wield any true power. (A side note: At this point,
nobles, officers and clergy were exempt from paying
taxes, something from which Cainites with their fingers
in Danish trade prospered.) Among the Low Clans,
Gangrel and some Malkavians make Denmark their
home, but the country is quite small, and it won't
support too many predators.

The Cainites of Denmark maintained a shaky
peace for a time through an accord known as the
Treaty of Arkona. Members of both High and Low
Clans, chiefly Brujah and Gangrel, respectively,
were present before the Ventrue turned their eyes
toward the country, and were at war with each other.
Some Tremere also haunted the pagan Wends on
Riiga, and Absalon the Nosferatu knew this. Before
his namesake's campaign against Arkona, he ap-
proached the native Cainites as well as the newly
arrived Ventrue and called for an accord of peace
among the clans, so that all might prosper from the
pending feudal system. The Treaty of Arkona saw
the Brujah and Ventrue aid Valdemz
the Wendic Tremere, scattering their forces and
crushing the chantry at Arkona. But Absalon did
not demolish the castle. Instead he let it stand,
protected, and explored its wonders.

's men against


The Wendic Tremere evidently worshipped a
dark, pagan god known as Svantevit, of which little
is known, save in the secrecy of their chantry at
Riiga. Absalon discovered that the Wendic Tremere
were attempting to restore the god with their vampiric
blood. He immediately saw the potential in such a
potent ritual. If a ritual could resurrect the remains
of a god, then perhaps even a Cainite could undergo
it. What the outcome of the completion of such a
ritual would be, no one could know, but Absalon was
certainly willing to test it, were he to obtain it. To
date, however, the ritual remains incomplete, al-
though Absalon continues to search

The Treaty of Arkona ensured that the Cainites
of Denmark reaped all the benefits of the state and
dwelled peacefully side by side. The Cainites who
had fought here for centuries found this difficult, but
the nights were peaceful in Denmark for a time.
Under the Treaty of Arkona, no Cainite could claim
the title of "prince" in Denmark; the Nosferatu
Absalon served as chancellor for Cainite affairs. In

1201, however, the mortal Archbishop Absalon
died, and the Nosferatu lost much of his power. The
leader of the Ventrue contingent in Copenhagen, a
Scion named Frederick, declared the treaty broken
and instituted himself as prince of that city. Others
followed his example, and soon the peace under the
treaty was but a memory. While some vampires still
attempt to observe the rules of the treaty (which had
other provisions for peace; the prohibition against

claiming princedom simply the most impor-
tant), most laugh at the failed experiment. Adherents
of the Cainite Heresy take offense to the treaty, as it
seems to them to contradict the Second Tradition.

Breaking the treaty proved to be Frederick's own
undoing as he was murdered soon thereafter. (Suspi-
cion naturally fell on Absalon, but nothing has yet
been proven.) Several princes followed him, before
the relatively stable court of Fortinbras, which has
lasted intact since 1224. Absalon the Nosferatu still
wishes to retake "his" nation, however, and the
Cainites of Denmark have not seen the last of him.

Mortals in th-Century Denmark

In recent years, Denmark has lost much of the
power and influence it held over the last century. In its
heyday, it virtually controlled the Baltic Sea, and towns
as far south as Liibeck paid homage to Valdemar II.

During the 13th century, the population of Den-
mark grew to approximately 250,000, which resulted
in the clearing of forests and the establishment of
many new rural towns. Through the newly settled
areas, a system of municipal council government
formed, as did the trade of goods. This resulted in the
Nordic-Slav trade centers of furs, slaves and other
luxury items in Schleswig and Gotland being re-
placed by this new trade, based around Liibeck and
other Northern German including
Copenhagen ("trade-haven").

towns,

As Danish foreign politics expanded, the crown
depended greatly on support from a burgeoning
aristocracy and clergy. This aristocracy was exempt
from paying taxes, and it constantly attained more
lands. Previously, it had been customary for the
peasantry to provide local lords with soldiers in the
event of a military campaign, but this tradition was
recently discarded in favor of a professional cavalry
in the employment of nobles. This resulted in the
introduction of taxes instead of fulfilling public duty
by soldiering. In addition, peasants now leased land
from feudal lords instead of owning it themselves,
further oppressing the commoners.

In the larger towns and cities, guilds and leagues
were established, advocating many laws that pro-
tected traders and merchants as well as artisans and
other vocations, and trade prospered in Denmark.
The nobility is growing greedy from the freedom and
leeway they were given, however, and demands
more from the king. This becomes the direct reason
for the dissolution of the kingdom some 10 years in
the future.

Life for the common man in Denmark is hard.
Although the lands of the Danish isles are very
fertile, the yoke of tax and pressure from the nobility
still hovers above their heads. The nights of Den-
mark are unsafe, as vampires seek to use the trade
routes for their own purposes, and the residents of
newer villages complain of the howls of wolves
growing ever closer to their homes.

Norway

North of Denmark lies Norw
coastline of fjords and ice came the Vikings, spread-
ing terrorand mayhem throughout the known world.

But that age of murder and destruction is past.
Norway is now a Christian nation under one king,
instead of a land of pagan tribes under many chiefs.

Norwegians were said to be huge, brutish and
grim characters, frostbitten and weather-stained with
wild, long hair and beards anda taste for blood. And
certainly, the extreme frost makes a man grim and
silent and wears on his patience, but the southern
end of Norway is quite a bit more temperate than
most people would assume. Warm summers with
plenty of rain give good crops, and the North Atlan-
tic Current provides ice-free ports along most of the
coast. But Norway is not a small country, and much
of the terrain is rough and hostile. Traveling takes
time, and people live where natural resources exist to
support them, creating small, isolated communities
by coast or mountain. Unlike Denmark, which is
rather flat, Norway is made up of mountain ranges
dividing the country down the middle, with fertile
lands to the southeast and southwest, and fjords
along the entire coast. The deep forests are home to
all manner of game, but also to bloodcurdling hor-
rors. Tales speak of the vargr, werewolves and other
night-creatures hungering for Christian blood.

Understandably, the most important communi-
ties have arisen around trading centers. To the west
lies the capital Bjérgvin (Bergen), with sea access to
all of Europe. To the south lies Oslo, and in the
middle of the country lies Nidaros (Trondheim)
with the only cathedral in the country, the magnifi-
cent Nidaros Dome, where the saint-king Olav the
Holy is buried. Pilgrims from across Christendom
visits his burial site, where the man who brought
Christianity to Norway is said to lie complete in his
shrine, without a trace of decomposition.

An Age of Cultural Enlightenment

The current king is Haakon Haakonson, one of
the most legendary Norwegian rulers. His renown
was assured when he wasan infant. With assassins on
their heels, a group of men called Birkebeinerene,
("the birch-feet," so called because they had nothing
on their feet but shoes made from the skin of birch,
and skis) carried him halfway across the country at
mid-winter. No king before ruled for as long as
Haakon, who rules from 1217 to 1263. During his
reign, Norway changes dramatically in cultural terms,
as his court encourages and nurtures the bardic arts,
architecture, music and crafts, among other things.
Through strong cultural influence from the conti-
nent, the people in general and the nobility in


particular were greatly enlightened. Society was in

many ways pacified and civilized under Haakon.

Cainites in th-Century Norway

The mortals of Norway may have united and
found culture, but the Cainites certainly have not.
To the north roam the Gangrel, growing strang:
and more bestial as the climat
table, having been driven northward by the coming
of the High Clans. Ventrue, Brujah, Lasombra and
Toreador, most of whom have arrived during the last
century, dominate the southern coast.

grows more inhospi-

The different clans support different factions, as
they did during the civil wars, to gain power. So far
the Lasombra are paying a high price for having sided
with the deeply religious Bagler-clan in Bergen,
which was instrumental in the conflict against the
coronation of Haakon Haakonson. Now this group
has been shattered, and the Lasombra have lost a
valuable tool. The Ventrue
trade from the continent, knowing they do so on

nd Brujah conduct

FATE OF THE EINHERJAR

The dark warriors of Odin from the Viking
Eraare no more. Thatis, they have no place in the
new feudal system. In the years prior to the unifi-
cation of Norway, they found it easy to rule the
towns and villages around their mead-halls. Butas
the humansaccepted the yoke of the new religion,
they shut themselves out from the old ways. The
Cainites from Europe advocated Christianity, pro-
claiming it the One Truth (orat leastaconvenient
excuse for their actions), and drove the einherjar
back with stakes and torches.

Many joined the Free State of Finland. Some
sailed off from the shores of Scandinavia at the end
of the Viking Eranever to be seen again. Somestill
wander the northern wastes, fighting with the
vargrand the Lupines (and sometimes each other).
Some lie in torpor beneath holy sites, and some
again stalk the night with the lust for revenge
boiling in their blood.

The einherjar are terrifying, even for
They are cold, their eyes are empty, their attire and
beards are stained with dried blood, and they fear
nothing in the world save the sun and fire. They are
superb warriors, and honorable, but they respect
nothing except combat and their father, Odin.

ampires.

Formore information on theeinherjar, Wolves
of the Sea offets a plethora of information on the
Norse vampires and the Viking culture.

borrowed time, as they fear the Gangrel will try to
reclaim the country.

The Prince of Bergen up until 1204 was the
Lasombra Almaric Treveylan, but with the defeat of
the Bagler-clan, Trevey
current prince is the Ventrue Herman Radov. Other
Cainites wish to usurp his title, chief among them
Rosenkrantz the Elder.

an. was overthrown. The

Mortals in Fth-Century Norway

As with the Kingdom of Denmark, this is an era
of change for Norway. A period of civil v
in the 1130s resulted in the local aristocracies based
around family gradually changing into a feudal aris-
tocracy loyal to the king. Over a period of 100 y
a national system of governing developed, mz Pine
N
Several new laws becanie standard, especially con:
cerning the right to succession and conduct of affairs
both rural and urban.

ars starting

ars,

rway's definite transformation into a feudal state.

As the structure of society changed, so did the
Norwegian social stratum. Earlier, as in Denmark,
farmers owned the land they worked. Now,
only lease their fields from the nobility, and they find
themselves in the same social class as their former
thralls. This has had a major impact on the social order
among commoners, creating a whole new general class
that compri

armers

s most of the rural population.

THEFENRIR WARS

For centuries a bloody strife has existed
between the Cainites of Clan Gangrel and the
Lupines known as the Fenrir. Both claim
Scandinavia as their rightful homeland, and
neither is willing to let the other stay. To com-
plicate matters further, both claim Uppsala in
Sweden to be holy ground. Little is known about
these Lupines, other than that they are ferocious
warriors and apparently worship the Norse wolf-
god Fenris. This would make them enemies of
Odin, and sure enough, they seem to harbor a
special hatred for the Gangrel Methuselah known
as the All-High. The All-High disappeared after
a particularly vicious Fenrir attack early in the
1100s, and this disappearance broke much of
the einherjar power of Uppsala. The All-High's
childe, Werter, is now the nominal Cainite
leader of Uppsala. He refuses to let the conti-
nental vampires seize power, but he accepts that
the nights of the einherjar are over.

Fenris seems to have won this round.

et>

i gee a ae

+ SGANDINAVIA +

2 ee

=


Sweden

Nestled along the west side of the Baltic Sea, and
comprising the other major part of the Scandinavian
Peninsula, lies Sweden, benefiting from a bountiful
resource for food and water and ports to both Kategat
and the Baltic to the south.

In many wayssimilar to Norway, the country boasts
many deep forests and treacherous mountains. But
Sweden is blessed with more fertile land than Norway,
and also a more varied terrain. The southern tip is quite
flat, green and lush, while the northern wastes are

gged, hostile and dangerous. Lupines roam the for-
ests as well as those wastes, as do the Noiad Gangrel and
other horrors, but the south is opulent and rich, taking
antage of hot breezes from the continent and the
warm, long Atlantic summers

ad

The Swedes were able men, both at sea and with
the crafts, and they become a Christian people in the
middle of the 13th century. Christianity was first intro-
duced in AD 830, by the "Apostle of the North,"
Ansgar the monk. It was not until the 1100s, however,
that all kings of Sweden were Christian. In 1164
Sweden received its own episcopate, in Uppsala, which
had been the center of Norse Aesir-worship for centu-
ries. Previously, all of Scandinavia had lain under the
Danish episcopate of Lund. Sweden started taking a
serious interest in international trade at the same time,
but the Hanseatic League usurped much of this poten-
tial as it expanded to the south of Sweden.

The latter half of the 12th and the first half of the
13th century sees a struggle for power between the
descendants of Sverker the Elder and those of his
successor, Erik the Holy. This feud is manifest in the
ongoing strife between Gotland and Svealand, the
two major regions of southern Sweden. This strife
lasts until 1250, when the Danes usurp the power
because of the political instability of Sweden. In
1230, Canute Holmgersson (Lange) sitson the throne
of Sweden (and remains in power until 1234).

Vampiric Affairs

Uppsala used to be a place of pagan worship, and
it was also the stage for most of the old battles
between the Gangrel and the Lupines. Both claimed
that Scandinavia, and in particular Sweden, was
their rightful homeland.

For the most part, this struggle has now ended, as
both groups have a new enemy: the Church. But the
Gangrel and the Lupines do not fight together, they
simply focus their ire in other directions. The war
between the werewolves and the native Gangrel

may never be settled, but the war against the Church
has already been lost.

The Ventrue arrived with the Hanseats. Before
this time, there had been very few Ventrue in Swe-
den. Of the High Clans, the Brujah made up the
largest contingent, while the Toreador arrived some-
what later. Among the Low Clans, the Gangrel are
obviously the most numerous, although the
Malkavians count a few of their number among the
s. The vampiric population of Sweden is very
low, but it grows with the mortal population in
coming centuries.

As of 1230, the Prince of Gotland is Erland of
Clan Brujah. The nominal leader of Uppsala is
Werter of Clan Gangrel (childe of the All-High
himself). Christian Cainites wish to establish a "true"
Cainite domain in this important religious region,
however, and if the only way to do so is by destroying
the pagan relic, so be it.

Mortal Affairs

The commoners' life in Sweden is not the same
as in the rest of Scandinavia in this period. A new
system approaches to replace many of the old ways,
but it has not yet arrived. Instead of the feudal system
that has become the norm in Norway and Denmark,
the main administrative units are still province:
each of which has its own thing (governing body),
lawmen and laws. Interestingly enough, this
will prevail for several decades still.

wed

ystem

The conversion of Sweden has apparently suc-
ceeded, though. People have cast off the old traditions
and embraced the cross of Christ. The road has not
been an easy one. Converting a people to another
religion when they depend so completely on the old
religion (worshipping fertility gods for good crops
and the like), is a long, difficult process. At first, the
people were allowed to commit blét — blood sacri-
fice, in the name of Christ instead of Odin. This was
the same in all of pagan Scandinavia, although some
areas kept the old ways longer than others.

Many of the Gangrel will never fully accept the
teachings of Christ, nor will the Lupines, who seem
to hold some sway over parts of the population.]

The Free State

As the Christian beliefs moved into Scandinavia
backed by continental Cainites, the old einherjar of
Viking Scandinavia found themselves facing an al-
most invincible enemy. Although the followers of
AllL-High were superlative warriors to all accounts,


THENOIAD

In the farnorth, where the sun never sleeps during
summer, one would notexpect vampires todwell. Some
do, however, but they do not think of thems
Cainites. They are the Noiad.

They dwell among the Sami-folk, the nomadic
aborigines of Scandinavia. They follow in the trail of
the reindeerand settle where they must. Their flocks of
humansprotectand transport them during the day,and
in the summer the tribe settles down with the caribou
protecting their patron Noiad. During winter the
Guovssahas, northern lights, can often be seen, and the
Noiad can interpret these messages from the Samf gods
to their people.

These strange vampires, most likely an offshoot of
the Gangrel, are extremely different from their breth-
ten. The tribe of Samf offers the Noiad blood and
protection duringsummer, and the Noiad give its flock
protection and guidance in return. Someare picked out
for elite service by their patron, and they receive a
portion of its blood to endure the long travels through
the ice. Both the human tribe and the vampires avoid
contact with outsiders as much as they can.

The Noiadare a bloodline with asomewhat vague
past. Astheydon'ttend tosocialize much, ithas become
somewhat difficult for the few scholarly Cainites who
have heard of them to identify their actual origin. In
fact,someeven hold that the NoiadarenotCainites, but
some sort of Lupine-like beasts, cursed by God to
wander the desolate wastes. Sightings are few, but they
often include a ghost-like shape draped in fluttering
animal skins.

The truth is that this particular bloodline is much
olderthanthescholarswouldassume. Itcame to Europe
with the Samf, and may therefore be the first Cainite
presence on the continent. The Noiadleamed to adapt
with their herds, and they have evolved into beings so
alien and unfamiliar that they are scarcely comparable
to their western cousins.

The Noiadare not really suited to be characters for
players. They stay close to their mortal charges and aid
them in herding reindeer, and they often remain in
torpor for the better part of year. Western Cainites,
however, might find it necessary or desirable to seek out
the Noiad fora number of reasons. Feral Cainites might
wish to learn from these hunters, as might the Prodigals,
ironically enough. Rumors about the Noiad might
reach vampiric scholars at any of Europe's universities,
and those rumors are strange indeed. Some state that
this ethereal tribe of quasi-vampires is guarding some-
thing beneath the frozen wastes, while others state that
they have access to a form of blood magic that puts the
Tremere toshame. Whatever the truth is, even finding
one of the Noiad, much less finding a common tongue
and conversing, would be a nigh-Herculean task.


the Christians were many, and they were as strong in
their faith as the einherjar were in battle.

Refusing to lose all to the followers of the White
Christ, a group of einherjar sought haven in pagan
Finland, where they could continue the old ways and
oppose, or potentially outlive, the Christians. Leg-
ends claim that dozens of einherjar set sail for Finland,
and that they brought over a hundred mortals with
them to their pagan enclave. The longboats left the
coasts of Norway and Sweden, brashly claiming to
set course for Greenland, but instead they sank their
boats and walked across the mountains and into
Finland, in secrecy.

Deep in the wilderness of the Land of Ten
Thousand Lakes they set up a collective, fashioned
in the true, Norse democratic style, heavily guarded
and hidden from anyone not welcome. It took some
time to establish the society properly, weathering
attacks by Lupines and with the einherjar in torpor for
three months a year, but everything seemed fairly
stable toward the end of the 11th century.

The originator of the Free State, the visionary
Toreador Karl the Blue, created the commune to
preserve his beloved Norse culture, unwilling to
stand by and watch it burn at the hands of the
Christians. To preserve the enclave, he is willing to
do or sacrifice almost anything. Therefore, he al-
lowed the infamous anti-Christian warrior Eirik
Longtooth to become its protector, giving the Gangrel
practically free reign. This has proved to be a mis-
take. Longtooth may be a superb warrior, but his
hatred of Christianity will not let him rest. He roams
further from the enclave each month, hunting down
Christians who make a great show of their faith,
draining them dry and offering their bloodless corpses
to the Aesir in triumph. Eirik has grown more
unstable over the last few decades, and he slays any
Christian Cainite he finds within a few miles of the
enclave. Thus far, only one such Cainite has eluded
his grasp.

Ambrosio Vitalis, a Lasombra monk, recently
arrived in Scandinavia on assignment from Rome to
make an accounting of the Cainites in the "frozen
wastelands." (He rather suspects that he may have
annoyed someone higher in station, but isn't sure
exactly who.) Quite by accident, Vitalis meandered
near the enclave, but instead of meeting Final Death
under Eirik's fangs, he found another elder Gangrel.
This beautiful Cainite — Ulfsdottir, childe of the
All-High himself — was preparing to leave the Free
State until she met the Lasombra neonate. Now, she
ensures him safe passage in and out of the Free State,

and she enjoys speaking with him about Western
Europe, Christianity and other worldly matters.

Ulfsdottir is well aware that she may have to slay
Vitalis some night, but she rather hopes that it won't
be necessary. Her Feral sensibilities have changed
somewhat as she has watched Longtooth grow more
out of control, but she is adamantly opposed to
forsaking Odin for Christ — at least tonight. If the
Faithful Lasombra monk continues to sway her,
however, the Free State may lose one of its most
important protectors.

The Baltic

Across the Baltic from Sweden lie the lands of
Livonia and Prussia. The last pagan bastions of
Northern Europe, these lands are dark, wild and
frightening. The people of the Baltic lands enjoyed
their traditional pagan ways until the coming of the
Christian Knights, who rode down on them and
forced them to convert or die.

Suppression, change and loss are almost cer-
tainly the future of the Baltics, for both mortals and
Cainites. In the year 1230, the natives of these lands
are at war with foreign oppressors.

Latvia

South of Finland and the Russian ports in the
Baltic, with an almost strategically placed coastline
between the east and the west, lies Latvia. North of
Lithuania and thereby nearly isolated from the conti-
nent, directly opposite the Swedish Gotland island,
Latvia is an obvious juncture for trading. Having been
inhabited for thousands of years, these are old lands to
which the people bear deep ties. These people were
warriors, not traders, and they worshipped old, dark
pagan gods, not the "merciful" Christ.

Tuvasions

Over the second half of the 12th century, Ger-
man traders needed to establish trade routes with the
east, particularly Novgorod in Russia. They founded
a trading post by the banks of Daugava and invaded
the lands. The native Livonians and Latvians en-
gaged the invaders, but their forces were too strong,
and when Pope Innocent III declared papal support
against the pagans, the aggressors managed to estab-
lish their colony.

In 1201, Riga was founded on the shores of
Daugava, as the Bishop Albert erected a stronghold
here. In 1202, the knightly order the Brethren of the


Sword, or Brethren of the Knighthood of Christ of
Livonia, was founded to act as a permanent military
presence in Riga. The Brethren quickly subdued the
native peoples and established their conquered lands
— Livonia and Couerland — under the rule of the
episcopate of Riga. In 1207, a new order sprang out
of the Brethren of the Sword, intent on converting
Prussia as it had Latvia, and in 1211, the foundations
for the Dome Cathedral in Riga were laid, strength-
ening the tight grip of Christendom on the lands.

Albert, the Bishop of Riga is also the leader of the
Brethren of the Sword, which makes him a man with
tremendous power in Latvia. With power comes cor-
tuption, however, and Bishop Albert is no exception.
Rather that indulging in gluttony or lust, though, he has
become addicted to the vitae of the Cainites. Seduced
into depravity by the relentless Lasombra Sinner Georg
von Hessen, Albert became a most valuable ally for the
Magister. Von Hessen had ties in Germany, and he
planned to use his position over Albert to gain control
over more important trade centers in Eastern Europe.
Yet, achance meeting (possibly arranged by the Faith-
ful crusader Lord Horst de Novara) with a band of
Brethren ended von Hessen's unlife, and freed Albert
from the blood oath.

Albert has discovered, however, that vitae is not
solely attainable through von Hessen, and he has
begun scheming to obtain it. Albert has started using
his crusaders in capturing Cainites and bringing
them to him in Riga. Some of these knights have
begun to question why these demons must be cap-
tured "alive" and brought to the bishop, while others
simply revel in the hunt. Soon, however, Albert
might be called to task for his actions, either by the
Cainites or his own Brethren.

Cainites of Latvia

A handful of Tzimisce make their havens in
Latvia. Forced into an alliance with the native
Gangrel, they struggle to protect their lands from the
western devils. Because of the ease of access by sea,
however, and the economic powers of the knights,
they fight a losing battle. The Gangrel Lacplesis the
Bear-Slayer leads his Animals against the crusaders,
while chief-most among the Fiends stands Vala.
Lacplesis is renowned for his exceptional size and
ferocity, and he often fights the Christians in the
shape of a bear. His band of Gangrel and wild beasts
haunts the dreams of many a veteran crusader lucky
enough to survive the battles. Vala is a calculating,
ruthless woman with a deep craving for the power
that lies embedded in the darkness of the Latvian

earth. She has already killed several powerful
clanmates opposing her, and she is not going to let
the knights or the Gangrel stand in her way.

Among the crusaders stands Lord Horst de
Novara of Clan Ventrue as a vassal of Hardestadt,
seeking both to convert the Livonians to Christian-
ity and to gain sway over the region's trade. Economic
factors are perhaps the main reasons for conquest,
both for Cainites and kine.

Mortals of Latvia

The Germanic Knights rule through the establish-
ment of small town-states, usually headed by a bishop.
Towns such as Riga, Cesis, Ventspils and Kuldiga have
become important for the European market as the
suppliers of fine Baltic amber. Plus, Latvia is perfectly
situated as a trade route with Russia.

The ruling class of Latvia is exclusively German at
this time, while the lower classes, mainly peasants and
artisans, are Latvians. Unlike many other conquered
nations, it is impossible for a Latvian to become Ger-
man inasocial context— that ethnic border remained.
This disparity resulted in the Latvian ethnic identity
being preserved, unlike the Prussian ethnicity, which
eventually vanishes completely.

Lithuania

South of Latvia lies Lithuania. To the east of
these lands lie the empires of Muscovy and the
Tatars. To the south and west stretch the vast
expanse of Christian Europe.

Lithuania as a nation is first mentioned in mortal
history in 1009, as a missionary, Saint Bruno, is mur-
dered on the border of Lithuania and Ruthenia. But
people have lived in those small river valleys by the
harsh Baltic Sea since long before the birth of Christ,
before there was a Rome, an Athens or a Carthage.

Lithuania is one of Europe's last pagan king-
doms. Kin to the Belarussians, and speakinga language
as ancient as the continent, the Lithuanians are an
old people. The country was recently declared Chris-
tian, in an effort for the lord Mindaugus to become
king. The conversion is a purely political move, and
all know it.

A scant few years ago, the German Teutonic
Knights commenced their crusades against this small
kingdom. In 1226, the Polish Duke Konrad invited
the Teutonic Order to Chelmno, to garner support
against the pagan Prussians. The Grand Master of
the Teutonic Order, Hermann von Salza, arrived
later that year at the head of acontingent of German


knights. It w: xpected that their stay would be
short, that business in the Holy Land or in the West
would take them away. As of 1230, though, they still
have not left, and their crusades against the pagans
continue both in Prussia and Lithuania. The Teu-
tonic Knights enjoy political support from the western
European kingdoms and the Papacy. They appear
fated to plague the entirety of Eastern Europe as long
as they work to Christianize the pagan lands in the
Baltic Region. Their first victims were the Prussians,
a tribe that controlled the amber trade along the
Baltic coast. The Teutonic Knights massacred them
wherever they were found. The Lithuanians knew
they were next, and indeed, bloody skirmishes now
scar the land.

Threatened from the north by the newly Chris-
tianized Livonia and from the west by the Germans,
Lithuania's existence as a nation state is one of
necessity and expediency. The king affects Chris-
tianity to secure his right to rule and ensure
recognition from Rome, but the Lithuanians are a
pagan people. It is their resistance to the White
Christ that unites them.

The Cainites of Lithuania

Originally far fewer clans were present in
Lithuania. Cainites from Clans Gangrel ‘and
Nosferatu could be found, and the most notable
vampiric rulers of Lithuania were ancient Tzimisce
and Malkavians. But with the coming of the Teu-
tonic Knights, the Faithful have taken an interest in
Lithuania and have begun extensive campaigns to
rid the land of its original Cainite inhabitants, mainly
sponsored by the Patrician Horst de Novara. De
Novara is attempting to form a trading cartel to rival
the human Hanseatic League, and he uses the cru-
sading knights in Lithuania and Latvia as a cover for
his attempts to install his own followers. He also
searches for willing compatriots, so young, devoted
Cainites who are prepared to work hard in the name
of the Lord are quite welcome in his camps.

The bloody battles fought between the pagan
people and the Teutonic Knights have their coun-
terparts in the Cainite societies. Many a Cainite has
met with Final Death on both sides.

One unique bloodline dwells in this land. It is a
strange offshoot of the Tremere, known as the
Telyavelic Tremere. Originally they left the clan to
seek a way to restore their humanity. In the wild and
harsh landscape of Lithuania they found refuge among
the pagan population, who saw them as incarnations
of the god Telyavel (protector of the dead). Although

they still have not regained their humanity, they have
achieved a close connection with the living world.
They operate openly among the pagan population, as
do other Cainites in the region. They also have
assumed the duties of priests and shamans and made
aplace for themselves in pagan societies. This means,
of course, that what threatens the pagan beliefs also
threatens the Telyavs. (More information on
Telyavelic Tremere can be found in Libellus San-
guinis II.)

The Krive

Less than two decades ago, each major region of
Lithuania had its own Cainite "watcher" overseeing
many of the spiritual affairs of the night, and answer-
ing to the Krivé. This being, always a
often a Malkavian, was revered by the undead of

inite and

PAGAN RELIGIONS

agan religion" is something of a mislead-
ing term. "Pagan" comes from a word that
‘country dweller," and it typ
cally refers to anyone who follows a native,
non-Judeo-Christian religion. That similarity
is really the only one that can be dr.
tween such faiths. Even in such a relatively
small area as Lithuania, the diversity of pagan
beliefs was great, and to sum them up here

simply means

awn be-

would be impossible.
alizations can be made, however
Many Lithuaniansrevered a holy trinity of deities.
Inshort these were Andai, whoruled the heavens;
Perkunas, God of Thunderand Telieval (Telyaval)
who was allied with Per ie n of
Heaven and protected the dead. The other major
strand of belief wasa form ofanimism, wherein the

unas against the rei,

ancient spirits of the earth were considered wise
and knowledgeable, and called upon for advice or
aid. The spirits v

shipped on an "alka," a grove sacred enough for

» summoned up and wor-

rituals or sacrifices to be carried out the
Furthermore, communing with the natural
world and showing respect for the turning of
seasons were important parts of the pagan belief
The ultimate truth was belie
natural world, and that one could interpret the
will of the gods from the behavior of animals.

ed to exist in the

More on the pagan religious practices in
Lithuania, as well aS supernatural presence, can
be found in Transylvania by Night.


Lithuania as a spiritual leader akin to the Christian
pope. The oldest legends of the Lithuanian people,
in fact, speak of a "dead, pale king who at his court
sups with faeries as wolves and laughs while he drinks
of warm blood." Whatever the full truth behind
these legends is, the vampiric Krivé acted as a para-
gon to many of the region's Cainites, up until recently.

Now the Germanic Ventrue have hunted the
high priests down one by one and put them to the
flame. What few survived the Ventrue massacres
often fall to the Tremere, who are solidifying their
power over the Lithuanian pagans. Bereft of his main
source of information and support, the Krivé, cur-
rently a Malkavian called Androjai, is looking for
otherallies. What exactly he might find is unknown,
but the pagan peoples of Lithuania are certainly
looking for a way to strike back. Androjai is notori-
ousamong the undead in Eastern Europe, and strange
rumors fly about his dealings with dark fae. Androjai
is not without allies, whatever their nature may be.

At this time, Lithuania is still a harsh land of
mystery and paganism, though the ways of old are
seriously threatened by the invading Teutonic Knights
and their Christian God. Lithuania still has a stronger
resistance than Prussia, which isall but overrun, but the
future seems dark and uncertain for the people and
Cainites of Lithuania. Then again, the knights and the
Ventrue have yet to completely crush their opponents,
and they cannot yet rest on their laurels — not if they
want to secure their victory.

Brussia

Along the southeast bend of the Baltic coast,
north of Poland, lies Prussia. In early times, it was
inhabited by Slavic tribes in the west and Baltic
tribes, closely related to the Lithuanians, in the east.
They made their homes in the region between Vistula
and the lower Niemen rivers. The name Prussia is
derived from the name of this people: Prussi (or
Borussi). Prussia had never been part of the Holy
Roman Empire. It had been a region of pagan tribes
the Empire weren't able to conquer. Not many
Cainites wandered this land in these times, though
some Gangrel made their homes here in the wild.

In the 10th century, the people and Cainites
would be given a taste of things to come. During this
era, the Saxons entered Prussia and made strong
attempts to convert the pagans to Christianity. They
were met with heavy resistance. The Saxons lacked
the financial and militant backing necessary, and
the many tribes proved hard to convince and even
harder to fight. Few Cainites traveled to Prussia,

except those attempting to use the momentum of the
Saxons to secure power they could never hope to
gain in their home regions. But like their human
counterparts, they made little headway, and the few
vampires indigenous to Prussia fought them at every
turn. The stories told of these vampires' ferocity was
often enough to discourage others from seeking their
fortunes on the soil of Pruss

The Saxons and the invading Cainites failed,
and the Bohemian bishop Saint Adalbert was
martyred as a missionary in Prussia in 997. Once
again, Prussia was a pagan land, but unfortunately
the Saxon invasion only marked the beginning of
the attempt to Christianize the region.

The Coming of the Cross

By 1230, everything has changed. The Teutonic
Knights, a religious order of warrior monks, were re-
deployed from Palestine to the Baltic, where they
took over the duty of Christianizing the region. (See
Chapter Three for more information.) They began
to carry out several yearly campaigns and pose a:
good venue for aristocrats in search of glory. The
threat this invasion poses to the Prussi and their way
of life is far greater than any before, and already the
Teutonic Knights have made great headway toward
their goal of conquering the region.

The indigenous Cainites fight the newcomers,
as do the Prussian people, and the war is both bloody
and demanding. Despite their strong convictions
and fighting prowess, the future looks dark for the
pagan ways of Prussian people and Cainites. The
fight is not yet over, but it becomes harder and
harder. Leading the Prussian Gangrel against the
westerners is Borovich the Grim, a hard and relent-
less Animal. Borovich's childe, Tengael, has started
to realize that they are losing, and is trying to
convince his sire to flee and find new territories, but
the old Gangrel will not listen.

Cainites in Brussia

An important stronghold for the Teutonic
Knights is the city of Bautzen, situated on the borders
of Poland and Bohemia. Prussian slaves are kept here
before being shipped south to Constantinople. Clan
Ventrue has major interests in Bautzen. The
Hanseatic League have expressed interest in the city
and offered it the chance to join the League, but the
Knights have refused so far, seeking to keep the
bounty the city brings to themselves. Several Patri-
cians with influence within the League but not


The knights' campaign to Christiani
Prussia proves successful. In 1234, they win the
battle of Sirguna. Having defeated the pagan
tribes, the pope assumes control over the region
and leases it to the Teutonic Kni
itasa fiefdom. Prussia has been converted at the
point of a sword, and the ways of old begin to
disappear. The Grand Master of the Order
moves his residence to Marienburg castle. Some

hts, who rule

of the pagan tribes remain in existence, but they
are all gone by the 16th century

within the order are angered over this, but there is
little they can do for now.

The invading Ventrue's progress is aided by the
fact that Prussia is far from the Tzimisce homeland,
which means the Patricians face much less con-
certed Cainite resistance. The Gangrel of Pru:
fight savagely and alone against the aggressors, but
they are a fractious lot. There is one thing that is to
the defending vampires' advantage. Lord Jiirgen has
become involved in conflicts with fellow members of
Clan Ventrue, and this infighting in the clan pre-
vents him from devoting his complete attention to
his foes to the east.

These nights in Prussia are just as troubled for
the Children of Caine as the day is for mortals of the
region. Invading Ventrue do their best to rid the
region of the indigenous vampires and their support.
Wars result, waged by Ventrue against Gangrel and
the few Tzimisce that have taken residence here.
Some Tremere can be found in the region since they
do not need to fear the Tzimisce as they do in the
homeland of the Fiends. For the Ventrue, the war is
about gaining more power and land. For the original
Cainites of Prussia, it is a war for survival, both for
their very unlives and for all they hold dear.

Notable Cainites

Lord Horst de Novara,
the Merchant Crusader

9th-generation Ventrue, childe of Rudolf Brandl,
walker on the Road of Heaven

a

Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Judge
Embrace: AD 1098

Apparent Age: late 20s
Lord Horst was a minor nobleman in life, but he
always had a trader's sensibilities. This might have
made him a shrewd leader — as he could often tell if
someone was withholding information or a better offer

—buthe was the fourth son ofa father whose lands were
Faced with death in the Crusades,
he dutifully rode off to fight the Infidels.

The company with which he rode, however,
became horribly lost ina storm and instead arrived in
Prague. Lord Horst, reasoning that either Satan was

dwindling anyway

misleading God's faithful crusaders or that God
didn't want him to go to Outremer, decided to err on
the side of God and stayed in Prague. While there, he
met Rudolf Brandl, and immediately understood
what nobility was. Brandl was a ruler, obviously,
although Horst didn't know immediately what title
Brandl might claim. The young man introduced
himself, and he and Brandl spoke at length about the
duties of nobility and how they were likely to change
over the years

Exactly why Brandl Embraced Horst is something
of a puzzle to both men. Horst was never a genius, and
Brandl had little need of a pawn at the time. Yet, when
it was done, Horst realized that playing shadow games
was not for him, and he left Prague at the suggestion of


Joseph Zvi. (As it turned out, that was probably a wise
choice — see Chapter Six.)

Horst went in search of direction and eventually
was schooled on the Road of Heaven. However,
Horst's faith had always been lackluster, and so it was
here as well. His tutor rejected him, hoping, she said,
that he would find God one way or another. And
Lord Horst wandered for nearly a hundred years,
sometimes in service to another vampire, sometimes
on his own, until he chanced to cross paths with
Hardestadt the Elder.

The mighty Patrician was sickened to see one of
his own blood in such a mediocre state, and he

immediately bound Horst witha blood oath. Quickly
discerning that the Faithful Ventrue's greatest skill
lay in trade, he sent Lord Horst off to establish the
Patricians in the trade routes in Prussia.

Horst does his job well enough, but his faith is
faltering. With every kill he makes, he sees pagan
Cainites and mortals with more faith in their old,
beaten gods than he has in his savior. Slowly, that
realization takes him ever closer to the Beast. Unfor-
tunately, Hardestadt is completely unaware of his
vassal's degeneration. If Horst falls, it may create the
power gap the native Cainites (Vala especially)
require to take back the Prussian nights.


VA
¥
f


bAPCER. €IGHC:

BYZANTINE

SUCCESSOR
STACES

"We believe that the Greeks have been punished by
the just judgment of God = these Greeks who have
striven to rend the Seamless Robe of Jesus Christ ...
Those who would not join Noah in his ark perished
justly in the deluge; and these have justly suffered
famine and hunger who would not receive as their
shepherd the blessed Peter, Prince of the Apostles."
—Pope Innocent III

Forcenturies, Byzantium was the only surviving remnant of the
ancient Roman Empire, preserving elements of its history and
culture long after Rome herself had fallen. It's little wonder, then,
that its inhabitants called themselves Rhomaioi — Romans — and
looked with disdain upon the squalid nations of the W.
arrogance was common even among the empire's Cainites, who saw
Byzantium's capital, Constantinople, asa utopia, ashining example
of vampiric power and prestige. They called it "Michael's Dream"
(or simply "the Dream"), after the Toreador Methuselah who ruled
ther ind they believed that nothing could ever shatter their
perfect world, least of all mortals.

uch


MORTALS

Andronicus I— The Emperorof Trebizond
has made the best of a bad situation.. Even
though his realm will never become an influen-
tial one, Andronicus has guaranteed its security
for many years to come.

Baldwin II— Baldwin gained the Latin throne
of Constantinople with the aid of his father-in-
law, John of Brienne, whoruleswith him: Together,
they are attempting to hold together the rapidly
disintegrating Latin Empire.

John 1 — Ruler of Nicaea. John has many
is renowned for diplomatic

enemies, but he
skill, including an alliance with the Turks against
the Mongols, whose horde will arrive in Asia
Minor in a few years.

Manuel—DespotofEpirus. This man hasmade
some gains against the Latin crusaders, but there is
some question as to whether he has the strength to
capitalize on them and retake Constantinople.

How wrong they were. In 1204, the armies of
the Fourth Crusade invaded the Queen of Cities,
believing they'd be rewarded for restoring the de-
posed emperor Isaac II to the throne. Events quickly
proved that neither Isaac nor his son had the ability
to govern the empire — or pay back the crusaders
for their efforts. Influenced by Venetian mercan-
tile interests, the leaders of the crusade decided to
take matters into their own hands. In a three-day
orgy of destruction, they conquered Constantinople
and installed one 6f their own, Baldwin of Flanders,
as emperor of Byzantium. The Venetians took most
of the empire's ports, three-eighths of the capital
city and the Patriarchate of Constantinople.

Initially, Pope Innocent III was appalled by
the crusaders' actions and excommunicated the
Venetians whom he blamed for leading the sol-
diers astray. Eventually, he accepted the sack of
Constantinople as providential, a way to unite
East and West, Orthodox and Catholic, in the
face of the growing power of the Turks. The
Byzantines took a less forgiving view. Nobles,
ecclesiastics and military leads fled the western

conquerors and established several su or states

Ps

POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT

CAINITES

Ifonzo (7th-generation Lasombra)—Prince
of Constantinople. Alfonzoachieved his position
through treachery and remains in a precarious
situation. He depends on Latin Cainites for his
power, which may prove problematic ifthe C

regain power in the cit

Anna Comnena (7th-generation Ventrue)

Prince of Nicaea. Anna hates Alfonzo and the
Latins with a passion. She plots their destruction
and seeks to gain Constantinople for herself.

Hektor (6th-generation Brujah) This
powerful Cainite rules the island "paradise" of
New Lacadaemonia, where vampires openly
rule over mortals.

Herleva (8th-generation Brujah) — This
Norman Cainite is Prince of Durazzo, and she
to return the Sicilians to power in this
coastal city. She is opposed by Greek Cainites,
who vow to destroy Latin power in the city.

Natalya Svyatoslav (7th-generation
Brujah) — Prince of Thessalonica, this Slavic
Cainite also wishes to regain Constantinople,
because she considers it the last hope for the
new Carthage she seeks.

eeks

we

in outlying regions, each one intent on retaking
Constantinople — and the heritage of Rome —
when the opportunity presented itself. That time
has not yet come, but they have little doubt that
it will come one day, and they shall be ready for it.

If anything, the Cainites were even more sur-
prised and horrified by the events of 1204 than
were the kine. They had lived so long under the
spell of Michael's Dream that few had ever consid-
ered the possibility of its destruction. They shared
of mortal Byzantines, who did not
believe western Europeans capable of overthrow-
ing the descendant of the glory of Rome. In the
chaos of the sack, many Cainites met their Final
Deaths, including Michael himself. Many others
fled to the various Byzantine successor states,

the arroganc

where they plot not merely the recapture of
Constantinople but also vengeance upon the west-
ern Cainites who took advantage of the Fourth
Crusade's diversion to less than holy ends. As the
War of Princes escalates, the By
states will become a locus of violence and be-
trayal. More than a few vampires will meet the
flames in the years to come.

zantine successor

+DARKAGES EUROPE -

Latin Empire of
Constantinople

The crusaders seized Byzantium in 1204 and
established their own empire, which they call either
the Latin Empire of Constantinople (to distinguish
it from the Greek Empire that preceded it) or Roma-
nia (because it is heir to the legacy of ancient Rome)
Unlike the Greek Empire, the Latin
feudal state, much like most western European realms,
with the emperor in Constantinople as the ultimate
suzerain. Beneath him ar
the King of Thessalonica, the Prince of Achaia and
the Duke of Athens.

The Latin Empire began its existence as a pow-
erful successor to Byzantium, infusing the military
might of the crusaders and the financial backing of

mpire is a

numerous vassals, such as

Its promising start inspired
that a turning
point had been reached in the battle against the
Saracens. With Constantinople safely in Latin hands,
they hoped future crusades might have greater and

provided by the Gree!
many western Europeans to believ

long-lasting successes. Clerics believed that the long-
sought-after unity of the Church would at last be
achieved, allowing Christendom to present a single
front against Islam

Such was not to be. The crusaders and the
Venetians quickly turned to squabbling amongst
themselves. The Greek population of the empire
held the Latins in contempt and largely rejected the
Catholic Church's claims to supremacy (with a few
notable exceptions). With fierce enemies — the
Turks, the Bulgars and several Byzantine successor
npire quickly
204, its

states — on all sides, the Latin
became a shadow of its former self. In

MICHAEL THE PATRIARCH

Throughout this chapter, the reader will find
references to the Toreador Methuselah Michael,
sometimes calling him "the Patriarch." Although
he met Final Death in 1204, his history and
influence linger. For the benefit of those who own
neither Constantinople by Night nor Bitter Cru-
sade, here is a brief summary of his unlife and
importance to Byzantium:

© Michael was born Mi-ka-il around 2200 BC
in the Mesopotamian city of Ebla. He became the
king's scribe and was Embraced by the Toreador
Antediluvian. During this time, he took many
lovers, including a young woman named Ma-ri.

¢ When Ebla fell, he fled to the Fertile Cres-
cent and renamed himself Beshter. He was

worshipped as a god, which drew the attention of
Akkadian vampires, who wished to destroy him.

© He fled yet again, this time to the West,
including the city of Rome. He traveled exten-
sively and eventually converted to Christianity,
taking the name Michael. He took two Cainite
lovers, the Ventrue Antonius and the Tzimisce
called the Dracon.

© When Rome began to deteriorate, Michael
and his lovers moved to Byzantium, where they
fostered "the Dream," the belief that
Constantinople could become a Cainite utopia
under the gentle tutelage of the Patriarch (as
Michael now styled himself).

>,

© Over time, Michael slowly grew mad, believ-
ing that he was on the verge of Divinity. He fell into
torpor and awakened only occasionally — as the
Cainites of Constantinoplesquabbled in his absence.
By the time of the Fourth Crusade, Michael
was hopelessly insane. Believing in his own im-
minent apotheosis, he submitted to diablerie at
the hands of his former lover, Ma-ri (now known
as "Mary the Black"), who blamed Michael for
the misfortunes she had experienced since the
fall of Ebla. Thus, the Methuselah died when
Byzantium needed him most, but his Dream still
holds power for Byzantine Cainites even now.
© Since his destruction, a cult has grown up
around Michael, particularly among Byzantine
Sainites who remaified' in' Constantinople. A
syncretistic blend of paganism and Orthodox
Christianity, the cult believes that Michael lived
on earth as "the Father" and gave his life as "the
Son." Now, as "the Spirit," he grants wisdom and
enlightenment to his followers, who claim the
gifts of prophecy These
"Michaelites" await the imminent arrival of
Gehenna, when Michael the Spirit will save

and miracles.

them before the world is consumed in fire forever.
Unsurprisingly, the Michaelites are persecuted
by Latin vampires, who consider their cult as
blasphemous as the Cainite Heresy and even
more politically dangerous.

.. - BYZANTINESUGGES


territory included large portions of Asia Minor, the
Balkans and Aegean Islands. By 1230, it has con-
tracted to a small patch of land on both sides of the
Bosporus strait, including the Queen of Cities,
Constantinople. Other cities in Greece and the
Balkans remain in Latin hands (as do many Aegean
islands), but they are largely cut off from the remain-
ing territory of the empire. They must fend for
themselves by making alliances with the Greeks and
Bulgars to retain their independence.

Politics within the Latin Empire are extraordi-
narily chaotic and unpredictable. Its Latin rulers
vacillate between a desire to loot its holdings for
their own personal wealth and to consolidate their
power at the expense of their rivals. The Venetians'
behavior is a prime example of these tendencies, as
they carry back huge amounts of Byzantine gold and
other treasures to Italy while pressing their claims to
mercantile supremacy over their erstwhile allies in
the region at the same time.

The Cainite situation is no better. After the death
of Michael the Patriarch, the Lasombra Bishop Alfonzo
of Venice declared himself Prince of Constantinople
with the support of other Latin vampires. A devotee of
the Cainite Heresy, Alfonzo ruled harshly from the
outset, punishing any who opposed him in matters of
politics or religion. This practice earned him many

QUID NOMINE

Throughout this chapter, many names for
groups and peoples are bandied about, some of
which might prove confusing for players and
Storytellers who are unfamiliar with the region
in the 13th century. Here's a quick summary

°B

Empire, with its capital at Constantinopl

ntine: Refers to the Eastern Roman

which was conquered by the Fourth Crusade in
1204,

¢ Byzantium: The original name of
Constantinople
the entire Eastern Roman Empi

Used colloquially to refer to

¢ Franks: The Byzantine term for the

nch. Also, a synonym for "crusader."

SiGreek: Refers tolthe Greek-speakine
(and generally Orthodox) peoples who inhab-
ited the Eastern Roman Empire

¢ Latin: Refers to the inhabitants of West
ern Europe, whether or not they spoke a
Latin-derived language. Latins are almost ex-
clusively Roman Catholic in religion.

enemies, both among the remaining Byzantine Cainites
and non-Heretical Latin vampires. This in turn forced
him toadopta more conciliatory tone. Alfonzo showed
the sincerity of his new attitude by first repudiating
Narses, now-deceased Archbishop of Nod, and leader
of the Cainite Heresy (although he still remains dedi-
cated to the cult's beliefs) and then elevating lesser
Greek vampires into positions of authority within his
new regime.

Although Alfonzo's plan has quieted his critics
within Constantinople, it hasn't ended opposition
to his rule. Both Anna Comnena in Nicaea and
Natalya Svyatoslav in Epirus work to undermine his
power, sending agents into the Latin Empire to sow
discord and instability. Even many Latin Cainites
would prefer tosee Alfonzo overthrown. Chiefamong
them is Gabriella of Genoa, a non-Heretical
Lasombra whom some clan elders favor as a replace-
ment for the tyrannical Prince of Constantinople.
Some elements within the Cainite Heresy's Crim-
son Curia likewise bear ill will toward Alfonzo. They
see in him the making of another Narses, a vampire
who cares more for the power the Heresy gives him
than in its spiritual beliefs. So far, the Curia has made
no moves against Alfonzo, preferring to see if his
reign can be "salvaged." However much they do not
wish him to weaken the Heresy by his machinations,
they also recognize the value in having one of their

own as prince in an important city. For now, they
wait patiently for new developments.

Visitors to the Latin Empire — whether mortal
or undead — are thus struck by a palpable juxtapo-
sition between the realm's immense wealth and
ancient history and its inevitable destruction. An
unmistakable air of doom hangs about the place. Few
doubt that the end of Byzantium is near, perhaps not
immediately, but within the next century or so. The
Empire's fate is sealed, and there's little that either
Cainite or kine can do to change that. The question
now becomes how best to react to its inexorable
demise: fight valiantly despite it or flee to preserve
some small portion of its irreplaceable heritage.

Adrianople

The city of Adrianople once before spelled the
beginning of the end for Roman rule — and it could
do so again. In AD 378, the Emperor Valens died,
along with 40,000 of his troops, at the hands of a
Gothic army. Although the Goths did not take
Adrianople itself (its walls were too thick), the
barbarians now knew that they could defeat the
Romans on their own territory. It wasn't long before


the West fell completely under barbarian rule and
the East adopted a defensive position that would
take centuries to reverse.

Now, Adrianople stands at the westernmost
border of the Latin Empire, and the Bulgars stand at
its gates. Just a year after the crusaders took
Constantinople, a combined Greek and Bulgarian
army dealt the Latins a devastating blow at
Adrianople. Like the Goths of centuries past, they
did not capture the city, which remained under
Venetian control, but they showed that Byzantine
power did not die with the capture of its capital.
Adrianople is an armed camp, with crusaders and
mercenaries a common sight on its narrow streets.
Daily, soldiers throng the city, and all realize that the
fall of Adrianople probably signals the end of the
Latin Empire as well.

A Roman Lasombra named Marcus Licinius is
Prince of Adrianople. During Michael's rule in
Constantinople, he maintained good relations with
Byzantine Cainites. Since the Patriarch's death,
Licinius has avoided allying himself with any fe
tion, waiting to see how mortal events play out
before making his move. Licinius has sympathy for
the Latins, but his true allegiance lies with any force
that can keep Islam at bay. He fears the Muslims will

destroy commerce on the Mediterranean, and thus
his connection to the wider Cainite world.

Constantinople

Constantinople, the Queen of Cities, remains
the jewel of Christendom, albeit one tarnished by
war and betrayal. Founded on the site of the earlier
Greek trading city of Byzantium, Constantinople
received its modern name — and status as capital of
the Eastern Roman Empire — in AD 324.
Constantine the Great wanted a capital that was
both militarily defensible and removed from the
decay of the Italian peninsula. Christians would also
argue that he sought to create a "Christian Rome"
that built upon the foundation of pagan Rome and
surpassed it through acceptance of Christ.

True or not, Constantinople prospered, surviving
largely unmolested while Old Rome fell before the
Ostrogoths and other barbarians. The city weathered
internal unrest, such as the Nika Revolts and the Icono-
clastic Controversy, only to become the greatest city
known to Europe and the Middle East. Its grand struc-
tures, such as the Hippodrome and the Hagia Sophia,
knew no rivals anywhere — certainly not in the be-
nighted cities of Western Europe. Wealthy beyond
imagining and the epicenter of a powerful empire,

BLACK SEA

BULGARIAN
EMPIRE

ANDRIANOPLEFY
x
by

TREBIZOND it

ZRb {{NICAEA

EMPIRE
OF NICAEA

CYPRUS


Constantinople elicited equal parts awe and envy from
those who entered its gates.

It's little wonder, then, that the Venetians and
crusaders decided to take the city for themselves when its
haughty rulers treated the Latins no better than the
barbarians they'd repelled for centuries. For all its wealth
and power, Constantinople was rife with factions and
parties, each one weakening its ability to defend against
the crusaders. This was equally true of its ancient Cainite

inhabitants, who vied with one another for the favor of

Michael the Patriarch. When he too was destroyed,
Constantinople's vampires had no idea what to do,
which made them easy prey for the driven Latin Cainites
who accompanied the crusaders into the city. Within
months, Western vampires had firmly established them-

es as Byzantium's new masters. Its older inhabitants
ad either acquiesce to the inevitable or flee. Resis-
tance almost assuredly meant Final Death.

Aftermore thana quarter-century, Constantinople's
old ways have returned, this time among the Latin

Cainites. As noted earlier, Prince Alfonzo finds himself

surrounded by enemies, which limits his ability to act
with the impunity he wishes. More significantly, the
city's remaining Byz:
reassert themselves. Cainites of the Ventrue and Torea-
dor clans openly defy Alfonzo and work against his rule.

antine vampires have begun to

SS aes

More significantly, Nosferatu and Gangrel have
begun to reappear in greater numbers. Under Michael's
rule, members of both clans played an integral role in the
city's life. For a time, they fled Constantinople, looking
for safer havens. The leader of the Constantinople's
Gangrel, Baron Thomas Feroux, is a Latin himself, but
he holds little in common with his brethren, having
adopted Byzantium as his true home. He works with the
Nosferatu to restore hope among the dispirited Byzan-
tine Cainites, preparing the way for the eventual return
of Greek rule. Unfortunately, Feroux realizes that this
endeavor may be made more difficult by the divided
allegiances of Byzantine vampires. Some — himself
included — favor Natalya Svyatoslav of Epirus, while
others prefer Anna Comnena. For the moment, Feroux
downplays this split, appealing instead to Byzantine
solidarity in the face of Latin oppression. Ultimately,
though, the matter must be resolved, or else Cainites
may face an even more difficult time ousting their
western rivals than will their mortal counterparts.

Duchy of Athens

The Duchy of Athens is one of several fiefdoms
within the Latin Empire. Originally, the Duke of
Athens — or "megaskyr" in Greek — owed fealty to
the King of Thessalonica. In 1224, however, the


Despotate of Epirus conquered Thessalonica, leav-
ing the duchy without an immediate liege lord. Now
cut off from the rest of the empire, Athens neverthe-
less survives by making alliances with other Latin
enclaves, Greek rivals of Epirus and the Bulgars. In
fact, the duchy has done reasonably well for itself.

Its rulers, a family from Franche-Comté, main-
tain steady contacts with Western Europe, despite
their geographical separation. Latin traders, soldiers
and clerics regularly travel the duchy, assisting the
tuling family in holding the city. Through their
efforts, they've transformed the region into a strange
amalgam of Eastern and Western traditions, a realm
where the language of politics and commerce is
French but where Greek continues to be the speech
of the common folk. Similarly, a Roman Catholic
hierarchy rules over a populace still devoted to
Greek Orthodoxy. Somehow, though, the conflict-
ing traditions exist side by side, and the duchy seems
unlikely to fall before Epirus or any other By
forces anytime soon.

Athens

The ancient city of Athens retains many ves-
tiges of its former glory, with numerous monuments
and ruins from bygone days. Unlike Constantinople,
which p
grace, Athens is more like a museum, a preserved
remnant of an age long gone. In a way, that makes it
far more inviting than Constantinople, which may
explain the strange vibrancy the city shows under
foreign rule.

Of course, Athens is not without its troubles. In
particular, the conflict between the Catholic priests
and the Orthodox populace grows more heated ev-
ery month. The duke wants to Latinize his realm, but
he is pragmatic enough to realize that forcing the
issue is to court disaster. That's why he's adopted a
more tolerant tone toward his Orthodox subjects
than his clerical advisors (particularly the newly
installed Archbishop of Athens) would prefer. De-
spite his forbearance, the former Orthodox hierarchy
of Athens plots against the duchy from Epirus and
encourages revolts against Latin rule.

a clear sense of having fallen from

The city's native Cainite population is decid-
edly older than many, although the arrival of the
Latins has brought with it an influx of younger
vampires. The prince, Dionysius, is an ancient
Cappadocian of a philosophical bent. He has a
profound interest in both Christianity and Islam,
seeing much wisdom in these opposing faiths. Some
Cainites claim that Dionysius disputed with Saint

Paul during the saint's visit to Athens in the first
century AD, while others suggest that he is the
author of the influential Neoplatonic text on
angelology entitled The Celestial Hierarchy. The
prince remains silent on the matter, which has only
contributed to the interest that neonates take in this
elder Cainite.

Principality of Achaia

The Principality of Achaia is another Latin
fiefdom, which owes fealty to the Emperor in
Constantinople through a chain of vassals, includ-
ing the now-defeated King of Thessalonica. Like the
Duchy of Athens, it's been cut off from the main
body of the Latin Empire by the victories of Epirus.
Nevertheless, it survives through a combination of
astute diplomacy and puissant skill at arms. Achaia's
rulers, the Aleman family, have shown themselves
to be remarkable leaders. They have overcome both
the soldiers of the Despotate of Epirus and the ill will
of the local population.

Corinth

The city of Corinth has been important for centu-
ties, making its way into the canon of the New Testament
in two famous letters addressed by Saint Paul to the
Christians living there. Corinth was also renowned for
once having been the site ofahuge temple to Aphrodite,
reputedly served by hundreds of "sacred prostitutes"
dedicated to the lustful rites of the goddess. Of late, the
city's rich treas
greater interest, attracting a raid by the Normans more
thanadecade before the Fourth Crusade brought Latins
to Corinth permanently.

Corinth's ruler holds the title of baron from the
mortal Prince of Achaia and expertly puts down
dissent against Latin rule. His ironfisted ways have
encouraged resistance to the crusaders,
which would probably not please the lord of Achaia,
were he told such unpleasant truths. The baron hides
the truth as best he can, not wishing to seem ineffec-
tual in the eyes of the Prince. Meanwhile, Corinth is
a center of ecclesiastical scholarship, where Latin
priests have begun collecting works of Aristotle and
the Neoplatonists to send back to the growing uni-
versities of the west.

ures and monuments have been of

however,

A Brujah named Periander, who remains aloof
from mortal affairs, rules the Cainites of Corinth. He
has not forbidden the city's vampires from meddling
with the kine, but he frowns upon the practice,
believing it beneath the Children of Caine. Instead,
Periander would prefer that Cainites leave behind


the trappings of the world they knew before their
Embrace by concentrating on "higher things," such
as the vampiric utopia many Brujah elders seek. To
that end, Periander has taken great interest in New
Lacadaemonia (see page XX), and he hopes that it
can serve as an example to be emulated in Corinth.

Empire of Nicaea

The Empire of Nicaea is the most powerful of the
Byzantine successor states, both militarily and in
geographic extent. Founded in 1205 by Theodore
Laskaris, who was a son-in-law of the Byzantine
emperor Alexius III, Nicaea has proven its mettle in
battles against Turks and Latins alike. A combina-
tion of wily diplomacy (resulting in an alliance with
the Bulgars) and unmatched strategy resulted in
Nicaean victories as early as 1205, when Theodore
crushed a Latin army at Adrianople. In 1214, the
Nicaeans forced a treaty on Constantinople that
fixed the borders between the two states. Theodore
capitalizes on this treaty to continue to expand his
empire. By his death in 1222, the Empire of Nica
had almost completely expelled the Latins from Asia
Minor, and it is well on its way to positioning itself
to reclaim the Queen of Cities.

Theodore's son-in-law, John Vatatzes, succeeds
Theodore and continues to expand the territory of
the empire. By 1230, John has begun to retake the
Aegean Islands from the Venetians, who claimed
them as spoils of the Fourth Crusade. He has also
entered into an alliance with the Despotate of Epirus
ainst the Latins in the Duchy of Athens and
Principality of Achaia. This alliance enables John to
devote more attention to other enemies, such as the
Bulgars (whose interests have now diverged from
Nicaea) and the nomadic Cumans. Victories against
the Bulgars give the Empire additional territory in
the Balkans, further hemming in the weakened
Latin Empire, whose death knell appears imminent.

Nicaea

The ancient city of Nicaea, the capital of the
empire, is one of the richest and most cosmopolitan
in all of Asia Minor. Throughout its storied history,
it has been the site of two important Church coun-
cils. The first in 325 promulgated the creed that
bears the city's name, while the second, in 787,
resolved the Iconoclastic Controversy that was tear-
ing the Byzantine Empire apart. In 1086, the Seljuk
Turks conquered Nicaea, but the city was liberated
a decade later by the First Crusade. The Byzantines

ay

in turn reclaimed the city before the crusaders had
the opportunity to sack it, thereby planting seeds of
resentment against the Greeks.

Nicaea lies on a fertile basin at the eastern end
of the Ascanian Lake. Surrounded by walls that are
about three miles long and 30 feet high with over 100
towers, the city is well defended. Outside the wall, a
double ditch grants further protection. Three gates
(in the north, east and south) provide access through
the wall. The city's west wall rises straight out of the
water and holds several smaller gates that give access
to wharves and jetties that jut out onto the lake. The
city is bounded to the north and south by wooded
hills and mountains, including a range that towers
above Nicaea at an altitude of over 2,500 feet. To the
east, a wide and gently sloping valley leads away
toward the Anatolian Plateau.

Nicaea was always an important center of gov-
ernment and culture, even before the fall of
Constantinople. Since then, Theodore and his suc-
cessor have gone to great lengths to establish the city
as "Constantinople in miniature," a capital worthy
of what they consider the only true successor to the
glories of Byzantium. Consequently, Nicaea throngs
with military, civil and religious officials, as well as
ambassadors from lands near and far —and Cainites.
Vampires from many parts of Asia Minor and beyond
can be found in the court of the Ventrue Prince
Anna Comnena. Visitors can find merchants and
emissaries from Genoa (rivals of the Venetians), the
Turks, the Mongols (see Wind from the East for
more information), other Byzantine states and even
Latins opposed to the rulers of Romania.

Smyrna

The seaport of Smyrna has been an important
part of Roman civilization since before the advent of
Christianity. Once the Gospel had been preached,
Smyrna become an important center of the new faith
as well, earning itself a place in the Book of Revela-
tion as one of the fabled "seven churches" to whom
Saint John refers. Despite being conquered by
Saracens in the seventh century, Smyrna remained
a significant Christian city, which is why first the
yzantines and, later, the crusaders fought to liber-
ate it from Muslim rule.

Because of its importance as a seaport, Emperor
Theodore Laskaris made the conquest of Smyrna an
early goal of the Empire of Nicaea. He then used the
port to extend Nicaean rule across the eastern Medi-
terranean and into the Aegean. Consequently,

Q


Nicaea's Christian and Muslim rivals both consider
Smyrna an important target for their attacks. Nicaean
troops and sailors protect the port, making it one of
the best defended cities in the empire.

The Cainites of Smyrna are a surprisingly patri-
otic group, in that most support Nicaea's efforts. The
prince, Nicomedes, is an unusually martial
Cappadocian, who worries that Nicaea is incapable
of adequately defending the port. That's why he
allows Cainites in his city toact freely against Saracens
and Latins alike, even if doing so runs the risk of
attracting mortal attention. Nicomedes feels that it
would be far worse for Smyrna to fall into enemy
hands than it would for a Cainite or two to meet
Final Death. Like the Prince of Adrianople, he fears
the disruption in outside contact that would occur if
the Saracens gained Mediterranean mastery. Yet he
likewise fears the Latins, whom he considers con-
temptible barbarians with even less to admire than

the Muslims.
New Lacadacmonia

Unlike the other settlements described here, New
Lacadaemonia is quite unusual. It isa Cainite "state
one of the few in existence anywhere. Situated on a
large island in the Aegean Sea, it's home to about
20,000 mortals and 40 vampires, led by the Brujah
Hektor, who styles himself "dictator" of New
Lacadaemonia. The island's mortal rulers pay t:
the Empire of Nicaea and have little to no understand-
ing of the large number of Cainites who exist in their
midst and dominate many of their leaders.

That's exactly how Hektor and the other Cainites
want it. They remain largely aloof from the "helots"

es to

(as they call the mortals) and tend to the building of

what they consider a vampiric utopia modeled on
lost Carthage. Cainites of all of the High Clans (and
most of the Low Clans) are present on New
Lacadaemonia, forming an Assembly that governs
the undead and upholds the Six Traditions of Caine.
Neither Hektor nor the Assembly have much power
outside what the Cainite citizenry allows them,

however, which could prove a recipe for disaster if

the Nicaeans or other mortals take a greater interest
in this isolated island.

What's potentially more distressing is Hektor's
obsession with introducing ancient Carthaginian reli-

gious rites, such as human sacrifice in honor of

Baal-Haman, to New Lacadaemonia. He's secretly
recruited a Baali named Maureen to serv
the blasphemous cult. She hides her true clan affiliation

as priestess of

and quietly goes about recruiting other vampires into
her religion. It's only a matter of time before Maureen's
secret escapes (probably shattering New Lacadaemonia
peace in the process) or the Baali initiates a coup that
destroys Hektor's utopian vision.
Additional information about New
Lacadaemonia can be found in The Ashen Thief.

Despotate of Epirus and
Thessalonica

Founded in 1204 by Michael Angelus, a relative
of the emperors Isaac and Alexius, the Despotate of
Epirus stretches from Durazzo in the north to the
Gulf of Patras in the south. Originally a rival of the
Empire of Nicaea, the growing power of that By
tine successor state has brought the despotate more
and more into the Nicaean orbit. Some within the
despotate fear that it's only a matter of time before
Epirus becomes yet another territory of their former
rivals. To date, though, the Nicaeans have behaved
honorably toward the despotate, assisting it against
the Latins in Athens and Achaia. In 1222, this
cooperation resulted in the conquest of Thessalonica,
thereby allowing Theodore to claim the title "Des-
pot of Epirus and Thessalonica" for himself.

Arta

Arta is the capital of the despotate, but it is
generally an unremarkable city. The despot chose
this locale because it offered a defensible position
against both the Latins and the Bulgars. Of course,
the despot spends very little time in Arta, being far
more interested in Thessalonica, which was cap-
tured only six years ago. This gives Arta a strange
character. Its primary inhabitants are soldiers and
monks, the latter belonging to one of several monas-
teries that dot the surrounding countryside. The
monks resent the presence of the soldiers, but they
raise little complaint against them, lest they find
themselves on the receiving end of their wrath.

Interestingly, Arta has a Cainite population of
one. A lone Tzimisce, named Kyprios, has taken up
residence among the monks. He is a member of the
Obertus sect of Tzimisce that once had influence in
Constantinople. When the leader of the Obertus,
Gesu, was diablerized during the sack, Kyprios fled
into Greece, fearing that there was no future for him
in Byzantium. Although the Obertus survive in the
Carpathians, Kyprios does not yet realize it. He

s

n-

: Seo
- BYZANTINESUCC


believes that his comrades are all destroyed, and he
leads a lonely existence of self-denial and penance.
Were he to discover the truth, he would willingly
make the long journey to reunite with the surviving
Obertus, regardless of the risk to himself (thus leav-
ing Arta without a Cainite prince).

Duraggo

The Adriatic port of Durazzo was conquered by the
Normans (from Naples) over a century before the
Fourth Crusade. The Byzantine emperor appealed to
the Venetian navy for assistance in retaking the city, in
exchange for exclusive trading rights to Durazzo. After
expending the effort toaid the Byzantines, the Normans
abandoned the city due to problems in Sicily (their
stronghold in Italy), which allowed the Greeks to
recapture Durazzo without Venetianaid. Unsurprisingly,
this turn of events angered the Venetians. When the
chance came to settle the score during the Fourth
Crusade, they did so. The Venetians took and held the
portuntil 1205, when Epirus recaptured it and incorpo-
rated it into its own territory.

Now, Durazzo isan important center of sea trade for
the despotate. The Venetians — and Sicilians — still
eye it covetously, and there's a good chance one or both

of these seagoing powers will attempt to seize it from

Epirus in the near future. A Norman Brujah named
Herleva is Prince of Durazzo, and she shows a clear
preference for the return of the Sicilians to the city.
Cainites who openly oppose her position suffer might-
ily, which has created a small rebellion against her rule,
spearheaded by a Greek Lasombra named Asander.
The fighting between vampiric factions has become so
fierce of late that it's attracted the attention of mortal
hunters some of whom understand the significance of
the Curse of Caine.

Rikopolis

The town of Nikopolis ("City of Victory" in Greek)
was built by Augustus Caesar in commemoration of his
naval victory over Antony and Cleopatra in 31 BC
Actium. A great temple to Neptune was constructed,
along with many other monuments dedicated to the
glory of Augustus and the gods who presumably sup-
ported his accession to supreme power in Rome. Later,
the city became famous for a visit by the Apostle Paul
and as a refuge of the Stoic philosopher Epictetus.
During the crusaders' march on Byzantium, they burned
Nikopolis (although many died in the process). The
town is largely uninhabited by mortals at present, but
the Despot of Epirus is considering establishing a mili-
tary base here in order to step up his attacks against the
Latin enclaves in the region.


Among the ruins, a Nosferatu named Mikon has
established a small brood. These Cainites prey on trav-
elers who make their way into the area (mostly Epirus
soldiers these nights) but otherwise keep to themselves.
Mikon is sympathetic to Natalya Svyatoslav's quest to
rebuild the Library of the Forgotten, and he occasionally
provides the Prince of Thessalonica with tomes culled
from the ruins of Nikopolis. In return, Mikon hopes to
secure a place for himself in a restored Constantinople,
acity that once gave the Lepers an important role in the
city's governance.

Thessalonica

Thessalonica isa major city of the despotate, much
as it was for the Byzantine Empire. Gateway to the
Pelponnesus, the city has survived numerous sieges
over the centuries. Numerous barbarian tribes attacked
the city, as have the Saracens and the Normans. The
Norman King of Sicily punished Thessalonica's citi-
zens cruelly for the death of Latins in Constantinople in
1183. This act created a strong dislike for westerners
that had not subsided by the time the Fourth Crusade
took the city.

Boniface of Montferrat, an unsuccessful candidate
forthe throne of Constantinople, claimed Thessalonica
as his seat of power and proclaimed himself its king in
1204. An alliance of Bulgars and Greeks attacked
Thessalonica in 1207, and the city successfully de-
fended itself against them. Indeed, the Tsar of the
Bulgar, Kaloyan, was killed during the attempt to take
the city. The disarray that followed kept Thessalonica
safe until 1224, when Epirus finally overcame the
Latins and claimed the city for itself. So pleased with
this conquest was Theodore Laskaris that he added the
phrase "and Thessalonica" to his title of "Despot of
Epirus." This obsession proved his undoing, since the
new Bulgarian Tsar, Assen II, killed Theodore near the
city. Theodore's brother, Manuel, then became Despot
and held on to Thessalonica, despite the best efforts of
the Bulgars to claim it. Like many border settlements in
Greece, Thessalonica remains an armed camp agai
its many nearby enemies.

The city currently has no Cainite prince. Its previ-
ous ruler was a Ventrue who had claimed domain by
force of arms during the Fourth Crusade. He quickly
proved unpopular, even with other Latin Cainites.
When the local Greek Cainites turned against him, the
Latins did not come to his aid, hoping it would weaken
both the prince's party and the Greeks. Instead, the
Greek vampires emerged stronger than expected, but
still lacking the power to impose their rule on
Thessalonica's undead. A civil war rages in the night,
with Latin Cainites (mostly Lasombra and Brujah)
fighting against their Greek counterparts for control.

oN ee

~ » -

THELIBRARY OF THE
FORGOTTEN

The library is one of the enduring testaments
of Constantinople's greatness. During the sev-
enth and eighth centuries, Michael's
Dracon, and his ghouls began collecting k
edge and assembled one of the finest libraries in
the world. In the years before the destruction of
the Library of Alexandria, forexample, the Dracon
sent his servants to transcribe some of the most
precious scrolls, saving a number of tomes and
books thought to be lost forever.

A collection of Cainites, led by Natalya
Svyatoslav, transported portions of the Library out
of Constantinople to keep it from falling into the
hands of the crusaders and the Western Cainites
who traveled with them. Rather than being held in
one place, the library's contents (or those Natalya
and her allies could

ve) have been secreted in
numerous locations throughout the East.
Consequently, Storytellers can place caches of
the Library pretty much anywhere they like, if it
suits the needs of their chronicle. Quests to protect
— or raid — its contents make for excellent Dark
Ages: Vampire stories, es,
contain all sorts of hidden knowledge, from miss-

cially since it could

ing chapters of the Book of Nod to more mundane
but nevertheless valuable texts like Aristotle's lost
dialogues. The Library is a powerful plot device;
Storytellers should use it as they wish.

Into this chaotic mix come Bulgarian Cainites who
seek to use the situation to their own advante

Empire of Trebizond

The Empire of Trebizond is unique among the
Byzantine successor states in that its founding is the
result of an internal squabble that simply took advan-
tage of the fall of Constantinople rather than of an
attempt to reestablish its glories elsewhere. Two grand-
sons of the former Emperor Andronicus I Comnenus
founded this breakaway state. One of the pair, Alexius,
assumed the title "Emperor and Grand Comnenus," an
indication of just how much Trebizond's existence
owes to Byzantine dynastic disputes. Families displaced
from their homes and from power (palace coups were
normal occurrences in Constantinople) frequently es-
tablished "shadow governments" in distant provinces.
Trebizond is but the latest in a long tradition.

The empire comprises the entire southern coast of the
Black Sea except for the westernmost region, which be-
longs to the Empire of Nicaea. It possesses only one city of

ANTINESUCE

note, Trebizond, the capital. The western portion of the
empire wasgranted to David Comnenus, brotherof thefirst
emperor. Nicaea quickly conquered that portion, which
notonly shrank the borders of Trebizond, butalso deprived
David of his position within the empire. In 1214, the city
of Sinope fell to the Seljuk Turks, further weakening
Trebizond. The emperorwasthen forced tobecomea vassal
tothe Sultan of Iconium. Since then, ithasplayedlittle part
in the ongoing political struggles of Asia Minor, but it
remains an important stopover point for caravan routes
heading along the Silk Road.

The Cainite population of the empire is small but
diverse. Greek, Latin and Saracen vampires can be
found in most cities, as well as the occasional Mongol or
Cathayan emissary. These undead are surprisingly well
connected to mortal society, which is not tosay that they
have a particularly strong hold over events among the
kine. Rather, it means that most Cainites in the region
don't see themselves as divorced from mortal events;
they are an extension of them. Therefore, their conflicts
and relationships derive largely from the allegiances
they had before the Embrace: Genoese vs. Venetian,
Greek vs. Latin, Saracen vs. Christian and so on.

Eldersfrom many clans (particularly the Lasombraand
Brujah) would find this tendency among their childer to be
laughable if it weren'tso potentially dangerous. By carrying
mortal conflicts into the night, younger Cainites threaten
to disturb the balance that exists within the empire's
vampiric communities. This is particularly true in places
such as Trebizond itself, where the clash between factions
grows with each month. Worse still, this clash could well
make the region easy pickings for the mysterious undead
who travel among the Mongols and whose presence grows
more frequent with each passing night. Therefore, the
future of Trebizond's Cainite population — like that of its
mortals — is hard to predict.

Sinope

Although it is no longer part of the Empire of
Trebizond, Sinope retains many contacts with it, since
it's a major Black Sea port. Traders from as far away as
Scandinavia enter the region through the city. In earlier
times, Viking warriors traveled down the Dneiper River
toreach fabled Byzantium, where they hoped they could
become members of the emperor's famed Varangian
Guard. Some still make the journey even today, since
there's more of a need than ever for skilled mercenaries.
Among these travelers are occasional einherjar vam-
pires, who ply their own unique skills in this turbulent
region of the world. Indeed, rumors are circulating of an
ancient einherjar who has entered the service of either
Byzantine Cainites fighting against the Turks or of the
Seljuks themselves, but most western vampires dismiss

themasmere tales. Formore information on theeinherjar,
see Chapter Seven of this book and Wolves of the Sea.

As in Trebizond, Genoa and Venice maintain a
fierce rivalry for the ear of the city's governor. The
Seljuk Turkish overlords of Sinope favor the Genoese,
whom they consider less a threat to their own position,
if only because Genoa has fewer overt ties to either the
Latin Empire of Constantinople or the Empire of
Nicaea. The Cainite Prince of Sinope is a Malkavian
named Razmik, who is renowned asa seer. In the past,
he's fallen intoa torpor-like trance for weeks ormonths,
awakening with some prophecy of the future. During
his slumber, his childe and majordomo, Shavarsh, rules
in his stead. The accuracy of Razmik's prophecies is
unsettling. He last predicted the fall of Sinope to the
Seljuks in 1214, which allowed the city's Cainites to
prepare themselves for the mortal onslaught. Razmik
has recently fallen into a trance yet again, and some at
his court fear that he will awaken with word of an even
more terrible cataclysm to come — perhaps the onset of
Gehenna itself.

Trebigond

The capital and only significant city still within the
borders of the empire, Trebizond is nevertheless well
known throughout Asia Minor and parts farther west.
The city is at one end of the Silk Road, making it a
popular destination for merchants and travelers from
across Europe and the Middle East. Unlike Nicaea,
which is known as a center of intrigue and diplomacy,
Trebizond is better known for its exotic marketplaces
and bazaars, where goods from faraway lands are sold to
those who can afford them. Particularly important
commodities are rugs from Persia and spices from India
and Cathay. Consequently, both the Venetians and
their rivals, the Genoese, have set up trading houses in
Trebizond, and they compete for the favor of the
imperial court of Emperor Andronicus. At present, the
Genoese hold the emperor's favor, which has only
encouraged the Venetians to attempt even more bold
maneuvers in their efforts to gain the upper hand.

Trebizond's Cainite politics are markedly more vi-
cious than are their mortal equivalents. A Genoese
Lasombranamed Selvaggia recently arrivedin Trebizond,
bringing with her an entourage of her three childer and
several ghouls. Trebizond's prince, the Ventrue
Anakletos, resents her presence and has threatened to
pronounce her in violation of the Traditions of Caine if
she does not submit to his rule. Support for Genoa is
strong even among the lieutenants of Anakletos, how-
ever, and they have subtly blocked his efforts to bring
Selvaggia to heel. As a result, some vampires presume
that a palace coup is imminent — with the haughty
Lasombra eyeing the princedom of Trebizond.


If so, she may find competition, since many younger
Cainites consider Anakletos an inept prince unworthy
of their allegiance.

Notable Cainites

Anna Comnena, Prince in Waiting

7th-generation Ventrue, childe of Ducas, walker
on the Road of Humanity

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: AD 1153

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Eldest child of Emperor Alexius I, Anna was
reared from an early age to become Empress of
Constantinople. A brilliant thinker, she absorbed
political, theological, scientific and philosophical
teachings while she was a young woman. The machi-
nations of her brother John ended her dreams of
imperial rule, and she was exiled toa convent, where
shespent the rest of her days. Itwas there that hersire
Embraced her and brought her into elaborate poli-
tics of Michael's vampiric court. When
Constantinople fell, she initially resisted the temp-
tation to flee the city, but her study of history had
taught her the wisdom of a tactical retreat. Anna
moved to Nicaea, where she has established a Cainite
court in exile, mimicking the actions of Theodore I
Laskaris. She schemes to return to Constantinople,
so that she can destroy the Latin usurper Alfonzo and
ensconce herself as Byzantium's new prince. Anna
realizes that it may take decades to do so, and she is
prepared to wait, for only mortals assume that great
endeavors can be undertaken ina shi

Natalya Svyatoslav, Brince of

Thessalonica
7th-generation Brujah, childe of Tribonius,
walker on the Road of Humanity
Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Judge
Embrace: AD 1002
Apparent Age: mid 20s

The daughter of a Russian prince, Natalya was
educated in Constantinople, and she fell in love
with the city forever. Her skills as an administrator
brought her to the attention of the Brujah, who
offered her the Embrace, which she gladly accepted.
Natalya then immersed herself in efforts to build a
new Carthage, an embodiment both of her clan's
ideals and Michael's Dream. She worked with many
clans to promote cooperation and acceptance and
on projects of joint interest, suchas the Library of the
Forgotten. After the crusaders conquered
Constantinople, she fled to the Despotate of Epirus,
where she eventually became Prince of Thessalonica.
Natalya views Thessalonica as a useful fallback posi-
tion, but she dreams of reclaiming Constantinople
from Alfonzo and the Latin savages who seized it.
Unlike Anna Comnena, she has no overriding inter-
est in power or prestige, and she would gladly renounce
her position if it would advance Cainite unity in the
face of mortal conquests. A proud exemplar of her
clan and road, Natalya still believes there's a chance
that Constantinople can be restored to its former
glory, despite the damage wrought in the past quar-
ter-century.



HAPTER NINE:
OUCREMER

"Forthwith a power of English shall we levy
To chase these pagans in those holy fields
Over whose acres walkd those blessed feet
Which fourteen hundred years ago were naild
For our advantage on the bitter cross."

—Wiilliam Shakespeare, Henry lV

In the time since the First Crusade in 1099, wherein the
crusaders "liberated" Jerusalem from the Saracens, the surface of
Palestine has grown spotty with various encampments, for-
tresses, even full-scale towns —all evidence of the determination
of the Christian cause. After the crusade's initial successes here,
Frankish nobles established landed domains within areas won
from the Muslims. Over the next century, the largest of these
areas — places such as Acre and Jerusalem — even grew to
become fully functioning feudal bureaucracies of their own.
These areas in particular became Christianity's fortresses on the
front lines of the struggle to regain the Holy Land, known as
"Outremer" to the Frankish settlers. As such, they have been a
draw to the undead Children of Caine since their establishment.

After the failure of the Fifth Crusade in 1218, however,
wherein the Christians attacked the world symbol of Muslim
wealth and power, Egypt herself, a shaky truce was estab-
lished between Islam and Christianity — one that crossed

IFREMER +


the veil of life and death. Christian Ventrue lords
and their Frankish vassals in the West needed
enough time to gather together another, more
organized (and feasible) crusade, and a truce with
the embittered Assamites and their Muslim charge
was the only means by which this could be a
plished. Earlier, the Followers of Set had nearly
been successful in their attempt to use the tide of
the Crusades against their enemies in Egypt. Mean-
while, the Assamites grew doubly enraged at the
duplicity of the ignorant Franks, whom they
wrongly believed would have been smart enough
to avoid any dealings with the Serpents.

ccom-

This truce lasted just long enough for the new
Holy Roman Emperor, Frederick II, to enter the
picture with an agenda of his own. He foresaw a
unified, Christian Outremer under the banner of his
own empire, and he began an organized campaign
alage from
the various land-holding Frankish barons. He granted
numerous fiefs in Outremer to German barons and
sought to increase the power of the Teutonic Knights,
who were exempted from taxation in 1226 and upon
whom the emperor recently gifted the former royal
palace on the Street of the Armenians in Jerusalem.
German Ventrue and Roman Lasombra quietly en-
couraged these "diplomatic" efforts, while Genoese,
Venetian and Pisan interests (such as many of the
more independent-minded among the Lasombra, as
well as the newly emergent Giovanni family) chafed
at the emperor's self-important designs. Still, many
of Outremer's Cainites (as well as kine) had grown
weary of the endless feuding, having suffered numer-
ous losses due to vicious in-fighting and the overall
fractionating of the Christian cause, and they were
thirsty for the unity and leadership that Frederick
and his plan represented. Therefore, many of
Outremer's Christian Cainites came together in
their support of the Emperor Frederick at the time,
pursuant to his following through on all the promises
he (and his Cainite supporters) had made during the
long campaign.

With the recent return of Jerusalem to Christian
hands, however, bitter feuding has returned to
Outremer. Many in the Frankish nobility resented
Emperor Frederick's casual assumption of the crown
of Jerusalem after negotiating the return of the Holy
City. Upon the death of his wife, Frederick was no
longer king by virtue of being married to a queen, but
simply the guardian of the infant king, Conrad. As
was their right, the barons would have been entitled
to refuse him the regency if they desired — had they

effort to squeeze oaths of fealty and vass

BY ANY OTHERNAME
In the time since the establishment of the
first Crusader Kingdoms in Palestine, the con-
quering Franks have referred to the entirety of
the Holy Land as "Outremer." The
has its origins in French, indicating a perimeter
rea and roughly translating toa catch-all phrase
" The term eventu-
ally falls out of usage following the collapse of
the Latin kingdom in 1291.

word itself

meaning "beyond the se

been asked one way or the other. And two of the
most powerful barons in Outremer, Bohemond of
Antioch and John of Ibelin, acknowledged no over-
lord — least of all Emperor Frederick II.

This disunity has echoed in the affairs of the
undead. While officially cut off from Rome since his
excommunication, Frederick's campaign posed much
less of a threat to the power base of Outremer's
Cainites. But with the emperor's recent reconcilia-
tion with the pope through the Treaty of San
Germano, he now has the full support of Rome once
again (in theory), making him a true threat to
Outremer's overall sense of independence. In the
wake of this renunciation, many Cainites have be-
gun to scramble for whatever they can take from one
another, leaving the Outremer of 1230 a land of
swirling questions... and opportunities.

Castles Made of Sand

The Christian territories of Outremer, the so-
called "Crusader Kingdoms," are nothing more than
feudal baronies and fiefdoms, passed around between
Frankish nobles in exchange for fiduciary remunera-
tion and/ or favorable consideration at the High Court.
Inthe early days of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, all landed
estates in Outremer (and their governing lords) theo-
retically ruled on behalf of the king, as was typical of the
feudal system. As is also typical, however, the theory
played out better than the practice — as the current
state of squabbling can attest. With the recent and
growing rift between the kings of Outremer and the
Holy Roman Emperor, few nobles are certain where
their ultimate loyalties should lie, beyond themselves
and their own interests.

The Cainite situation is only slightly more stable.
As with the mortals, many vampiric lords act as
vassals to older, more distinguished individuals, most
often their sires. In Outremer, however, many of


these Cainite lieges rule not from a castle in a
neighboring domain, but from distant land f
afield as Constantinople and the Holy Roman Em-
pire. The subsequent isolation and separation often
results in a feeling of liberation — however fleeting
—on the part of the vassal, and some have taken to
working toward undermining their lieges' interests
in the hopes that they may one night rule their own
s. This situation is partly why so many landed
are currently up in arms about Emperor
Frederick's interference in their affairs. His presence
and activities are a thin disguise for the efforts of
embittered Western lieges to r
trol to the "colonies"
In broad strokes, the land of Outremer is com-
posed of four main domains in 1230, and nearly all
vampiric and mortal residents h must pay at
least a nominal fealty to their respective overlords.
In the east lies the Kingdom of Jerusalem, which
includes both the city itself as well as surrounding
territories such as Jaffa and Bethlehem. To the
north, the principality of Antioch-Tripoli comp
those two neighboring city-states. The southern
Kingdom of Acre encompasses the coastal cities of
Acre and Tyre, and sitting aloof to the west of the
mainland, the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.

tore order and con-
" once more.

of e

=o

a

-OUT

The Latin Kingdom of
Jerusalem

In the early days
Jerusalem was the blanket term for the

lom of
tian hold-
ings in the Holy Land. After the city itself fell in 1099,
the Catholic patriarchy assisted in encouraging the
growth of the new Chri ingdom, and many new
Christians soon immigrated to the area, providing the
kingdom witha diverse population of Greek Orthodox,
Syrian, Armenian, Georgian, Jacobite and Nestorian
Christians. Many of the:
live inside the safety of the walled city, but with the
ansion of the kingdom during subseq
many seized the opportunity to take land in the sur-
rounding areas as well.
With the arrival of Salah al-Din, however, the
Christian hold on Jerusalem came to an end, and
alem finally returned to Muslim hands in 1187.
ars, the hafed at the loss of their
capital and home until finally, in 1228, Emperor
Frederick II negotiated for the kingdom's return.
According to the terms of his treaty with Sultan al-
Kamil, Jerusalem, Bethlehem and Nazareth were to

of Outremer, the

immigrant workers chose to

a eg

REMER-


MORTALS

Frederick II — Holy Roman Emperor. Re-
cent actions, including the treaty that resulted
in the return of the Holy City arid his subse-
quent self-coronation as "King of Jerusalem,"
have been universally denounced by the nobil-
ity of Outremer.

John of Ibelin — King of Acre and one of
the most powerful men of Outremer. He is
currently at odds with the Emperor Frederick,
who desires to relieve all Ibelins of their lands
and holdings in the Holy Land.

King Henry I — Boy-king of Cyprus. John
of Ibelin acts as his regent until 1232, where- *
upon he reaches his 1 5th year and thus assumes
sole sovereignty.

Bohemond of Antioch—Rulerofthecounty
of Tripoli and the neighboring priicipality of
Antioch. His internecine intrigues with his fel-
low lordsand baronsresultedin Antioch-Tripoli's
exclusion from the emperor's recently signed 10-
year truce with the Muslims.

Conrad IV of Hohenstaufen — King of
Jerusalem in absentia, and young son of Em-
peror Frederick H through Isabelle of Brienne.
Jerusalem is currently governed by the emperor's'
two appointed bailli, Balian of Sidon and Garnier
the German. ; :

Albert of Rezzato — Patriarch of Antioch
and recently appointed Papal Legate for all the
East. His word carries considerablé sway with
all Christians in Qutremer, Cainite or kine.

be restored to the Christians, along with a narrow
strip of land — known as the "Oultrejourdain" —
connecting the kingdom to the sea at Jaffa. This land
included towns such as Toron and Montfort by
default, as well as all the previously Muslim-held
areas around Sidon.

Many in Jerusalem believed that the First Cru-
sade would never survive the transition from dream

into reality. They, too, had heard the rumors drifting
in from the West, but by and large chose to disregard

POWERS OF DAY AND NIGHT

CAINITES

Qawiyya el-Ghaduba — (5th-genera-
tion warrior Salubri) Architect of the Diet of
Olives and the true power behind the throne
in the Kingdom of Jerusalem.

Lucius Trebius Rufus — (6th-generation
Ventrue) Nominal Prince of Jerusalem. He
somewhat resents the Diet's influence over the
Holy City, but he patiently bides his time,
gathering Christian support for his leadership
while he waits for the dust to settle.

Etienne de Faubergé — (7th-generation
Bashirite Ravnos) Prince of Acre and, until
the Diet of Olives, a willing vassal of the
Teutonic Ventrue, Lord Jiirgen.

Ahmed ibn Zayyat — (7th-generation vi-
zier Assamite) The Christian Prince of Tripoli
anda foundingmember of the Spear of Destiny.

‘laims titular control (through a vassal) over
the Cainites of nearby Antioch as well.

Zarathustra — (5th-generation
Lasombra) The true power and Prince of
Antioch. Therefore, it is actually Tripoli and
not Antioch that is more the "
A staunch supporter of the Diet of Olives.

Tanith — (5th-generation Baali)
Shadow ruler of Tyre and a powerful player
across all the lands of Outremer. Currently
attempting to woo Nehemiah of Cyprus to

assal" state.

her caus:

Nehemiah — (6th-generation Brujah)
Lord of the domain of Cyprus. Although he
is just as disinterested in the Crusades as he
is in petty Cainite politicking, he strongly
enforces the Old Ways on "his" island and
severely punishes any Cainite transgressors.

them as papal grandstanding. In the months leading
up to the First Crusade, however, when the truth of
their fate became suddenly and unmistakably appar-
ent, the citizens of Jerusalem — both Cainite and
kine — fell into a terrible panic. Some among the
undead knew of the bloodshed to come and sought to
warn their fellows. Others played politics, parlaying
favors with Christian authorities in exchange for
amnesty during and after the siege. One of those
latter, a Christian Brujah named Etheria, used her
knowledge of the crusader agenda as an opportunity
to ingratiate the other Cainites of Jerusalem to


herself, granting safe haven to all who would accept
it inside her domain of Bethlehem, just south of the
Holy City.

While some accepted Etheria's offer, many did
not, which left them stranded inside the city when
an army of bloodthirsty crusaders arrived at the gates
in July of 1099. After finally breaching the city walls,
the knights of the Cross stormed through the city
like a devil wind, laying waste to all in sight. The
crusaders slaughtered without selection or mercy,
staking their claim to any home they so desired
simply by murdering its previous owner and placing
their personal shields upon the door. Some 70,000
men, women and children were put to the sword in
the first week alone.

During this time, nearly all of the remaining
Cainites in Jerusalem succumbed toa massive blood-
borne frenzy. They went mad, clawing and tearing
with wild abandon until nothing remained of their
victim and then moving on to a new target, letting
the precious blood slip away into the streets. Even
peaceful Cainites were seen ravaging one another.
Brother set upon brother, and no single family or
clan seemed immune. The madness was everywhere
and all-consuming. Cainites even forgot to flee to
their havens as dawn approached, and many met
grisly, shrieking ends at sunrise. The waking night-
mare that was Jerusalem at this time became known
as the Weeks of Blood. (For more on Jerusalem and
the Weeks of Blood, see Jerusalem by Night and its
sister-story, Fountains of Bright Crimson.)

After the terror subsided, Cainites slowly began
to return to Jerusalem alongside the gradual influx of
mortals. While the city rebuilt, several prominent
Cainites rose to positions of influence within the
city. Among these was a Christian Lasombra named
Paliuro Rustucci. A former Roman Catholic priest.
Rustucci was popular among the Christian Cainites
of Jerusalem for his unflinching attitudes on the
"infidels" and his equally unflinching stance on the
status of the Holy City. At one time, the Lasombra
fanatic saw himself as the Prince of Jerusalem — a
claim supported by no few of his "subjects" — but the
mad Lasombra has fallen considerably since then.

When the five-year truce between Salah al-Din
and Richard the Lion-Hearted ended in late 1197,
Rustucci began to fade from the public eye in ear-
nest. He had long since ceased involving himself
directly in Cainite affairs, and was now drawing
evermore inward, growing obsessed with his own
exploration of the divine. From his haven beneath
the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, Rustucci has

been conducting terrifying experiments upon him-
self and upon mortals, ghouls, other Cainites and
anyone else he can ensnare. One of his long-stand-
ing enemies, an Assamite named Habeebaal-Sikkeen
("the knife"), is beginning to suspect Rustucci of his
practices and is currently debating following one or
more of his lackeys to determine where the Lasombra
sleeps. If she is successful in this, she hopes one night
to drink deep of the mad Lasombra's vitae, thereby
strengthening the power of her own blood. Like
many among her clan, Habeeba has developed a
taste for the Amaranth, having diablerized several
Cainites already — including the Brujah elder Etheria
as punishment for her thoughtless garnering of
vors in the wake of the First Crusade.

With the return of Jerusalem to Christian control,
anew political figurehead for the undead has stepped
forward. His name is Lucius Trebius Rufus, a Ventrue
with significant ties to the Military Orders, particularly
the Knights Hospitaler. Asa mortal, Rufus hailed from
southern Italy's minor aristocracy, but he did not find
his true calling until arriving in the Holy City as one of
the undead. Throughout his time in residence, he has
worked to keep the city safe and sanctified at all costs,
and was instrumental in the return of the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre to the Greek Orthodox Church in
1187. He resents his old nemesis, Paliuro Rustucci, and
he was secretly pleased to see him bear witness to
Rufus's own coronation as Prince of Jerusalem in the
spring of 1229.

Rufus appreciates the fact that Jerusalem was
returned to Christian control without bloodshed
and thus continues to support the Diet of Oli
even though in so doing, he realizes that he is tac
acknowledging the Salubri's preeminence in the
Holy City over his own. Nonetheless, the two seem
to have some similar goals (although their methods
surely differ), including thwarting the plans of the
Bashirite Ravnos Varsik —Jersualem's resident para-
gon of the Road of Paradox — at every turn. So for
now, the old Ventrue has decided to wait and to act
in this matter much as he strives to act in all things:
with honor.

The Principality of
Antioch-Lripoli

Tobe precise, only Antioch is the actual principal-
ity, while neighboring Tripoli is a county. The entire
region, which includes various smaller coastal cities
such as Lattakieh and Margab, is the province of

fa-

at 5 a
PNA ZO ES Shera Bo NNER
SiR e¢= ==> ~OUTREMER SSeS ete


Bohemond of Antioch — a stubborn ruler with very
clear-cut (and insular) notions of land, leadership and
the entitlement of both. Geographically speaking, the
unified title "Antioch-Tripoli" is
ing. Tripoli is just as far removed from its sister-city to
the north as she is from Acre, further south. Neverthe
s, the political fates of the two have been linked for
decades now, and they will remain so right up until the
fall of the entire Latin kingdom.

somewhat mi
le

In the year 1230, the principality finds itself politi-
cally cut off from the rest of Outremer. This is due in no
small part to its leader's outright refusal to capitulate to
Emperor Frederic Bohemond of Antioch
believes that he can maintain his power base through
careful negotiation with hisneighbors, the Seljuk Turks,
the Armenians and the powerful Knights Templar, to
whom he has worked to ingratiate himself for many
years. It is a dangerous game Bohemond play
that could ultimately leave him and his territory teeter-
ing on the edge of ruin.

Antioch

s decrees.

s, and one

What is now the principality of Antioch is one
of the most famous sites in all Palestine. Located
about 20 miles inland from the Mediterranean Sea
it was the third largest city in the Roman Empire

2SEUROPE -

during the time of Jesus Christ. Antioch is the
ancient site of Saint Paul's first sermon, and accord-
ing to the Bible, the first place in history where

0 followed C teachings became
known as Christiz

people wl

The Antioch of the 13th century isa far different
> than its Biblical predecessor, but it is arguably
important to the Holy Land. Its fertile plains
provide a constant source of nourishment to the
citizens of Outremer. Indeed, were it not for the
Oultrejourdain, Antioch would be the sole provider
of many of the kingdom's needs. Surrounding the
city itself is a beautiful patchwork of orchards and
vegetable gardens, and the olive-groves dotting the
familiar to the hey are pleasing.
Although it is not seaside itself, Antioch is also an
important port-city for Outremer, as the rich mer-
chants of Aleppo use Saint Symeon for their trade —
a port accessible only by passing through Antioch.
Since before the birth of Christ, Antioch has
been the quiet domain of a powerful Le
Methuselah — the legendary scholar-philosopher,
Zarathustra. Embraced by a childe of Lasombra him-
selfduring his travels alongside Alexander the Great's
armies in Central Asia, he has claimed Antioch as
his traditional domain for more than a millennium.
Although he does allow other C

pla
no le:

hillsidesare a

asombra

ainites to reside

lp
=25,2+>-

—— /~—_—— E

F:
5 Vee jp


THE DIET OF OLIVES

In December of 1228, after the last Mus-
lim ruler had fled Jerusalem, a convocation
of Cainites met on the Mount of Olives
outside the Holy City. Its inceptor, a Mus-
lim warrior Salubri named Qawiyya
el-Ghaduba, had a vision for Outremer —
one she wanted to share with the leading
Cainites of the area — and the time was
right for its implementation.

The Salubri warrior had appeared in
Jerusalem a mere handful of years earlier,
but with her came righteous retribution.
She met with an aged Salubri healer named
Nahum ben Enosh — a childe of Saulot
himself — and with his aid, contrived to rid
the Holy Land of the foul presence of thos
who would flaunt the will of God. The
Tremere of Jerusalem, who had been steadily
growing in power and influence up until
then, knew nothing of this pact and were
caught completely unaware when the two
Salubri finally took up arms. All the resi-
dent Cainites of the Jerusalem chantry
simply disappeared one night, their ghouls
tically freed from
any obligations (blood-borne or otherwise)
they may have had to Clan Tremere. Only a
single Gargoyle servant, a beautiful crea
ture named Rusticus, was spared.

and mortal servitors my:

To everyone's surprise but her own, ev-
ery Cainite lord who had been issued an
invitation did indeed respond to the Salubri's
call. From Acre came the Ravnos prince
himself, Etienne de Faubergé, a devout Chris-
tian who seemed to immediately grasp the
meaning and intent of the Diet. From
Antioch came Zakariah, vassal and childe of
Ahmed ibn Zayyat, the Assamite Prince of
Tripoli. Rafqa, the Brujah Prince of Beirut,
arrived in person. The Salubri were honored
by the presence of their compatriot from
Jerusalem, an elder Malkavian named
Shahna
influence in the Holy City since it returned
to Muslim hands in 1187. And from far-off
Cyprus arrived an unnamed ghoul in service
to Nehemiah — a silent witness to the pro-
ceedings. Of all of Outremer's influential
domains, only the court at Tyre — that of

t who had risen to considerable

the Lasombra Prince Nicolao — did not have
a representative at the Diet, and this only
because no word had been sent to Tyre in the
first place. (The Salubri never did reveal to
the others why Tyre had been passed over).
In a large villa on a hill at the foot of the
mount (the former location of the Tremer
chantry, in fact), the Cainites and their en-
tourages ai abled. For three nights, all in
attendance were the guests of the Salubri who
fully guaranteed both comfort and security. A
large, quiet and hooded figure tended to any
and all needs during the meeting, moving
deftly between the crowded assembly and just
as quickly fading from view once more.
When it was all over, the Cainite lords of
the greatest cities of Outremer had signed a
pact that they agreed would last for a mini-
mum of 10 years — the length of the truce
reached between Emperor Frederick and Sul-
tan al-Kamil. The terms were simple and
threefold. First, mutual non-aggression was
to be observed between all the Cainites in-
volved (and their vassals and lieges) for the
duration of the treaty. Second, all parties
involved would endeavor to share any and
all information pertaining to the Baali and/
or those who would come to the Holy Land
to plunder its faith or treasures, lending sup-
port to actions against said individuals where
possible. Finally, no Ca
would agree to grant the hospitality of his or
her domain to any transgressors of the above
rules. (The Salubri eventually managed to
convince all in attendance that the Tremere
almost always fell into this category.)

inite lord involved

The Diet was a great success. Everyone
present had not only signed, but also seemed
willing to trust that the others involved
would adhere to the treaty's terms, in both
letter and in spirit. The only exception was

in the representative from Cyprus, who had

been instructed not to make any cone
sions or sign any treaties on behalf of his
Cainite liege. The ghoul merely took note
of the Diet's conclusions and quietly de-
parted, having uttered no more than a
handful of words during the entirety of the
convocation.


within Antioch itself, this is only a relatively recent
development, stemming from the arrival of Zakariah,
an Assamite vizier and childe of the Prince of Tri-
poli. Through Zakariah, the Methuselah can
accomplish many of his socio-political goals while
staying invisible to the Cainite community at large.
Indeed, only Zakariah and his sire (as well as
Zarathustra's own network of progeny and ghouls)
know of the Methuselah's existence.

Zarathustra's primary concern is and has always
been the status, well-being, and future of Antioch
itself. He takes any steps necessary to ensure that the
sanctity of his domain remains undisturbed, and he
has often resorted to extreme measures to accom-
plish this ultimate, yet ongoing goal. Numerous
Cainites have met their end at his hands without
ever having realized who their assailant was or even
why it was he had singled them out for elimination.
Indeed, few who have fallen victim to his devious
schemes (and survived to tell the tale) ever came to
understand the full complexity of their involvement
in Antioch's affairs — or how lucky they were to
escape with their unlives.

The County of Tripoli

Located roughly between Antioch and Acre is
the coastal city of Tripoli. In AD 1230, Tripoli is still
an important port city, serving both in-country
interests and those abroad. It has been the primary
port of Homs for some time by this point. Theoreti-
cally, Tripoli is governed by acount of its own (being
acounty), but it is often politically overshadowed by
its sister-city to the north. This paradigm shifted
most dramatically in 1220, when then Count of
Tripoli—one Bohemond IV —recaptured Antioch
for himself, leaving its former ruler Prince Raymond-
Roupen to die in captivity in Tarsus. Bohemond's
accession sparked much debate among the nobles of
Outremer, and his subsequent dealings have jeopar-
dized all those within his domain. Nonetheless, he is
a savvy statesman, and Tripoli continues to thrive
under his governance (even though he has retired to
take up residence in Antioch).

Ever since the fall of Tripoli to the Christians —
ever since the county became an official part of the
Latin kingdom in the Holy Land— Tripoli's undead
have answered to an Assamite vizier named Ahmed
ibn Zayyat. Although raised a Muslim and Embraced
by a Muslim Assamite, ibn Zayyat went through an
experience that altered the course of his unlife while
he was still a neonate. He claims to have received a
divine revelation which instructed him on the path

of true righteousness, and he has been committed to
following that path ever since. Many among his own
clan consider him a traitor to the cause, as he is a
devout and vocal proponent of Christ's divinity, but
ibn Zayyat himself shows no sectarian favoritism, a
fact that has earned him many allies among
Outremer's religiously minded Cainites. Although
Ibn Zayyat will not relate the circumstances or
details of his revelation to any Cainite, the power of
his conviction is apparent to any and all who stand
in his presence. Under his aegis, the Faithful Cainites
of Antioch-Tripoli have found guidance in these
dark times.

In the early nights after his conversion to Chris-
tianity, ibn Zayyat was lost ina sea of loneliness and
doubt, and only his faith in his revelation kept him
going. That was when he came to the attention of
Zarathustra, the enigmatic patron of Antioch. The
Lasombra elder saw a bravery and dedication in ibn
Zayyat that he admired, and he offered his consider-
able wisdom and council to the beleaguered Assamite,
taking him in and teaching him of the history of this
land and its Cainite parasites and paragons. When
ibn Zayyat at last returned home to Tripoli, he did so
once again changed.

As Prince of Tripoli, ibn Zayyat is using his
growing power and influence to accomplish a num-
ber of related goals. First, he strives to keep his finger
always on the pulse of the tumultuous mortal situa-
tion, as changes to the Palestinian landscape come
fast and violent. Second, he uses the guidance of his
Magister mentor to uncover and eliminate any par-
ties or individuals who seek to rob the Holy Land of
its sacred religious relics, either through theft or
outright desecration. And lastly, ibn Zayyat aims to
bring all "Cainites of the Book" together. Faith is
faith, and he believes that his message is the only
hope for survival for many of Outremer's quarreling
factions. To this end, he is fast becoming one of the
most active participants in the Diet of Olives.

The Kingdom of Ucre

The Second Kingdom of Jerusalem, asit is known,
emerged after the Holy City fell to Salah al-Din's
army following the disastrous battle at Hattin in
1187. The Latin kingdom had lost not only its
capitol city, but, as part of the ransom paid for King
Guy de Lusignan, the port of Ascalon as well. In
response, Guy immediately broke his word to Salah
al-Din regarding future military action, moving south
to Acre and laying siege to it in 1188. After nearly

and roa re = 7
QS a eg
e Ta *DARKAGESEUROPE- 4 - * 2

three years, Acre fell to the Christians, becoming
thenceforth the new capitol of the Latin Kingdom of
Jerusalem.

The kingdom itself comprises only a narrow strip
of land between the River Jordan and the Sea of
Galilee, bordered by the Mediterranean Sea in the
west. Theoretically, it includes the city of Tyre and
all the smaller villages between, but recent skir-
mishes have reduced this claim to mere nominal
status. In the year 1230, the kingdom truly consists
of only the city itself and the island kingdom of
Cyprus, where John of Ibelin is also regent.

Acre

Acre is often considered by many to be the jewel
of Outremer, outshining even the glory of old Jerusa-
lem herself. Ever since the Christian re-conquest of
Acre in 1191, pilgrims from all over have come to
view Acre as Outremer's true bastion of Christian-
ity, and for good reason. With its broad thoroughfares,
secure towers and bustling harbor, the city has much
to offer those who seek some much-needed respite in
a harsh and foreign land.

Nevertheless, Acre is a cosmopolitan medieval
center, with separate districts for each of its distin-
guished trading houses, including the Genoese, the
Pisans and the Venetians. Under a standing agree-
ment with the King of Jerusalem, each of these
groups is allowed to govern its quarter under its own
consuls. This is not problematic in and of itself, but
the groups are also permitted to police their own,
using a watch made up of men of their own choosing.
This arrangement has led to some serious in-fighting
among the trading houses, each of whom believes
the others to be abusing their "police" for their own
purposes.

Before the recent return of Jerusalem to Chris-
tian hands (and, indeed, even since then), Acre was
also home to many of Christianity's military orders.
Two in particular, the Knights of Saint Thomas of
Acre and the Teutonic Knights, had their begin-
nings here, in fact, and the two most distinguished of
the military orders — the Templars and the Knights
Hospitaler — moved their bases of operations to
Acre after the Holy City fell to Islam. This is as much
it is a boon, however, as special consider-
s from Rome have essentially freed these orders
to doas they please. So much free will in one city is
never good for general stability or for the rule of law.

To the undead, Acre has long been synonymous
with pain and revulsion. The very faith that drew so

SS.
<2 oo = ee + OUTREMER -


OUTREMERAND THE TRUE CROSS

When King Richard the Lion-Hearted suc-
cessfully laid siege to Acre in 1191, one of the terms
of Muslim surrender was the return of the True
Cross — allegedly the one upon which Christ
Himself had been crucified. The Muslims had
taken possession of it when they took Jerusalem,
and the issue had become a Christian rallying point
Salah al-Din assured Richard's repre-
sentative that the Cross and all Christian prisoners
would be returned, so long as the Muslim garrison
at Acre was spared. When Richard refused to keep
his word after the first payment of money and
prisoners had been made, however, Salah al-Din

ever sinc

likewise refused to give anything further until the
Muslims were released. Slighted, Richard ordered
all 2,700 Muslim soldiers executed then departed
for Jerusalem.

After the Acre massacre, Salah al-Din used
the True Cross as a bitter bargaining chip with the
Franks. He threatened several times to destroy it,
and he kept its current location a tightly guarded
secret wherever he went in Outremer. He did so for
two reasons. First, although the
intrinsic value to Islam, Salah al-Din knew only
too well the object's importance to the crusaders,
and he wanted tofill hisenemies with fear that they
would be powerless to prevent it from coming to
harm. Second, the Saracen leader did not want
anyone in the Christian camp to discover the truth
about the True Cross:

He never really had it.

The real True Cross, or rather, the various
pieces of it, had long since been scattered through-
out the Holy Land. Almost immediately after the
death of Christ, the Cross was broken up into
smaller shards, and each piece v
different disciple (each an Apostle of Christ, so the
legends say). They then carried it off to a different
destination, that it might never to fall into infidel
hands. Some time during the first century, Saint
Paul brought the first and largest of these fragments
tothe city of Acre, and there it remained foralmost
1,200 years until its removal in 1212 by a band of
Christian soldiers. These knights take the frag-
ment to Cyprus, and soon rise as the Poor Knights
of the Passion of the Cross of Acre (much to the
dismay of many of Europe's Cainites).

s held no

entrusted to a

The sad truth of all the terrible battles and all
the lives that have been lost over time due to this
relic, particularly at Acre, is that it wasalready there.

HEOFTHELION'S HEART

1191 isoftenremem-
bered as one of the great sieges of all time- All told, the
rescue of Acre from the Saracens took nearly two years of

ant toil, at ores of Frankish ships and
thousands of Christian lives. Nonetheless, once the siege
wasundenway, itdid providea unique opportunity forthe

hristiah Cainites of Outremer. High-blooded Cainites
ofall stripesagreed to putaside theirdifferencesforatime,
ridinginunderthebannerofthe TemplarsandHospitalers
toassist in the siege. To them, it wasa golden opportunity
toprove the worthiness of their clan and cause, as well as
the potency of their collective m ind the effort paid
offin the end. On July 11, against Salah al-Din's wishes,
the Muslim garrison capitulated. Acre was returned to
Christian hands once more.

Iewas the epic stuff of which the legends of Richard
the Lion-Hearted and "Saladin" were made. Unfortu-
nately, the truth is often far grimmer than the legend. In
thiscase, the""noble" Christian king was to ruin any grace
with which he had won hiscampaign upon the surrender
ofhisenemies. Frustrated by Salahal-Din's stubbornness

ager to embark for Jerusalem, Richard ordered that ,
the 2,700 survivors of the Muslim garrison be executed
onthe spotas "a lesson" to hisconquered opponent. And
there on the shores of Acre's great harbor, as the sun set
upon the' glittering waters of the Mediterranean, the
remnantsofthe Muslim army were lined up forslaughter.

One of the soldiers, a Muslim of Syrian descent
named Mukhtar al-Dimshaq, stood bravely to face his
death. His son, ‘Ramzy, was, forced to look on as they
prepared his father for execution, and although he had
been warned to stay back, the boy rushed forward,
throwing his arms around his father and pleading, "No,
you must not! Execute me instead!" Amused by the boy's
courage, the crysaders decided to take him up on his offer
andslit Ramzy's throat right before his father's eyes. They
thenfellupon Mukhtaraswell. When thedeedwasdone,
they tossed father and son onto a shoreline piled high
with bodies and left them both-for the crows.

Shortly thereafter, an unknown Assamite awoke to
discover the carnage that the crusaders had wrought
during the day. Ashe traced the perimeter of the Aura in!
awe, he heard a stifled gurgle from nearby and rushed to
findRamzystillalive, lying beneath his father's corpse. In
a desperate rage, the Assamite did the only thing left to
do: He Embraced the dying boy and fled with him back
to Alamut. There, the boy learned of his heritage and of
hisplacein the clan. He accepted his role as the protector
of his people and vowed to return one night and liberate
Acre from the tyranny of the invaders.

In the year 1212, when the fragment of the True
Cross was, removed from Acre, thus opening up the city
totheChildren of Caine once more, Ramzy ibn Mukhtar
knew that his time had |

+DARKAGES EUROPE -


many pious mortals to the safety of her mighty walls
forbade Cainites from venturing into Acre. This pres-
ence of the divine — known to the undead as simply
"the Aura" — extended as far as the harbor, forcing
most Cainites traveling by boat to land 15 miles further
south, at Haifa. For centuries, any vampire who came
near the city would suffer a most excruciating pain, and
even death, if she drew too near. Even particularly
amoral or powerful ghouls felt the aura's oppressive heat
upon their souls. Yet everything changed suddenly on
awarm, summer nightin the year 1212, and Acre hasn't
been the same since (see the "Outremer and the True
Cross" sidebar).

Acre's Cainite population has been governed for
many years now bya Bashirite Ravnos named Etienne
de Faubergé, childe of Varsik of Jerusalem. Before
the disappearance of the Aura, however, de Faubergé
was a prince without a real domain, as even he could
notenter the city unharmed. Among his enemies, he
was coldly referred to as the "Prince of Dirt." He held
court within a large caravansary on the sandy plain
outside the city.

For many years, de Faubergé ruled Acre in the
name of hissire. Yet, the loss of the fragment of the True
Cross in 1212 and his childe's overall failure to make
any progress in Acre on behalf of the Bashirite agenda
resulted in Varsik's extreme displeasure. Fearing the
worst, de Faubergé swore an oath of fealty to the Prince
of Magdeburg, the Teutonic Ventrue Lord Jiirgen the
Sword-Bearer, in order to save his own hide. Under the
protection of Lord Jiirgen, the Ravnos could remain
reasonably secure in his status as prince, while keeping
his embittered sire at arm's length.

In recent years, however, the Prince of Acre has
started looking elsewhere for support. Although he
respects Lord Jiirgen and whole-heartedly believes
in the Christian cause, he resents having to be vassal
to a Hungarian overlord who cares nothing for the
true essence of Christianity. The appearance of
Qawiyya el-Ghaduba signaled his first opportunity
to get out from beneath the heavy aegis of Lord
Jiirgen. When the Salubri called the Diet of Olives,
de Faubergé recogr ape he had been
looking for. Indeed, he was the first to sign the
agreement. With the guaranteed support of
Outremer's most powerful Cainites, the Ravnos now
feels secure enough to rule Acre alone, and he no
longer feels the need for the "protection" of ogres
like Lord Jiirgen. Still, discretion is always the better
part of valor (particularly for the likes of Etienne de
Faubergé), and the Ravnos bides his time for now,
waiting for the right moment to cut the cord with

d the es

Magdeburg. (For more on Acre and Etienne de
Faubergé, see Under the Black Cross.)

The Lower of Flies

Jutting out into the Mediterranean like an out-
stretched arm is a long earthen jetty, at the end of
which stands a tall, forbidding structure made of
white stone. Mortals used this structure, called the
Tower of Flies, as the first line of defense against
naval assault. Indeed, the tower became known for
its inability to be taken down, regardless of the
punishment inflicted upon it, and numerous sieges
were repelled from the harbor using the tower as a
base of operations.

In Acre's earliest nights, the city had been a
province of the dreaded Baali. After Saint Paul's
arrival, however, the Baali (along with all other
local Cainites) were forced to evacuate, lest they
subject themselves to the Aura's effects. But several
enterprising Baali noticed that the edge of the Aura's
power faded halfway into the harbor, just before the
jetty and the tower, thus giving brave Cainites room
to operate free from harm within. The Baali imme-
diately set up shop in the lower levels (including a
small cavern of rooms beneath the water line itself),
using it as a fortress on the front lines of the war with
the Divine. The arrival of the crusaders, however,
brought even more pious Cainites to Acre, and the
Baali had to abandon the tower in favor of more
hospitable environs elsewhere.

Tyre, City of Mysteries

As one of Outremer's largest port cities, Tyre is
acosmopolitan center of trade and commerce in the
East. It is the wellspring of two of Outremer's most
important native products — sugar and a fabric
known ndado." Almost all the sugar consumed
in Europe at this time comes from Outremer, and
from Tyre in particular. The rivalry here between
Venice and Genoa (and to a lesser extent, Pisa) is at
its fiercest, with each house constantly angling foran
edge of the other. Venetian interests are overseen by
the meticulous personage of one Fiorello Giovanni,
a calculating taskmaster of a Cainite and, if the
rumors are correct, one of Augustus Giovanni's
personal prodigies. Despite Fiorello's grim determi-
nation, however, truly the biggest supporter of this
intense feud between Tyrian trade houses is and has
always been the city's secret masters, the Baali.

Since 800 years before the birth of Christ, Tyre
has been the private domain of an elder Baali named

as"

" SS Be
ey AEE FY ae


Tanith, first and most beloved of the childer of
Andramelech. In the glory days of Tyre, when the
Baali ruled openly and uncontested, she was known
In-
deed, she became the first of a sect within the
bloodline known as the Keepers of Mystery — those
Baali dedicated to preserving ancient and forbidden
knowledge from the mind of man. She was there
when her sire and many others emigrated to the
blossoming dream that was nascent city of Carthage
in 800 BC. At the request of her sire, she stayed
behind to rule Tyre in his place and name until he
could return. Unfortunately, he never would.
Andramelech's pride had blinded him to the truth,
bidding him to remain in the doomed city long after
its fate had been sealed, and Tanith was forced to
watch powerless from afar as her sire fell during the
Roman sack of Carthage in the second century
before Christ.

for her vast understanding of unclean secre

It was then that Tanith vowed never to allow the
same thing to happen to her in her own domain. In
332 BC, she used Alexander the Great's armies as a
bloody purifier, bidding them enter her city uncon-
tested and "cleanse" it of all those who would stand
in the way of her vision for the future. After the tide
of change had receded, Tanith emerged from her
secret island haven and began to rebuild the city of
Tyre — the City of My:
here ever since, the softly gliding shadow beneath
the cool waters of the Mediterranean.

The city's current Cainite leadership, a Lasombra
named Nicolao, has been in league with the city's
Baali queen for the duration of his reign. The
Lasombra prince is the head of a long chain of
command beginning and ending with Tyrian sea-
captains. An entire fleet of v
disposal, many of which are helmed by his own
childer or by those who are fully indoctrinated into

teries. She has been a fixture

els rests at Nicolao's

his service. Few of the corsairs at his command
realize that Nicolao himself is vassal to another,
however, and that is just how the Lasombra likes it.
And for as long as Tanith gives him leave to run his
affairs as he sees fit, the arrangement remains an
amicable one. He knows that he cannot cross her
directly — he has seen the frightful evidence of her
but he will not stand to see his political or
commercial authority questioned, at least not openly.

Tanith's biggest problems in Tyre stem not from
her relations with its prince, however, but from two

power

diametrically opposed sources — one from without,
the other from within. The former involves the
noxious presence of the Divine, and those who

BLACK MARIAH
One night in the year 120
the sack of far-off Constantinople, Tanith r

, shortly after

ceived a visitor at her island have ahooded
of soot-colored skin and with
eyes like dying embers. She called herself Ma-
ri-ah and claimed to be Baali. She needed no

introduction, however, as Cainites across Eu-

figure possesse

rope had heard of the blood hunt called upon
the one known as Mary the Black for the
murder of the Toreador Methuselah, Michael.
Ma-ti-ah appealed for sanctuary in the house of
her sister in sin, and Tanith pleasantly agreed.

For her part, Tanith is curious as to what
will become of Tyre now that she has a partner,
of similar lineage and comparable power. Her
first intent was to use her position as "Mother of
the Hive" in Tyre to demand certain tasks of
her Baali guest. The various military orders and
their pious
thorn in Tanith's side of late, and this "Black
Mariah" would be the perfect foil to use against

-ainite supporters were becoming

them. Now she is not so sure, though. In the last
twenty-five years since Mariah's arrival, Tanith
has grown somewhat fond of her houseguest, in
a twisted sort of way. For now, she continues to
give her guest free reign and even allow her to
lead some of the important rites taking place on
the mainland. In time, she will learn how best
toutilize this marvelous gift that fate has brought
to her door.

Mariah's presence has also served to re-
mind Tanith of just how alone she had been for
so long. Unfortunately, she let that loneliness
drive her to Embrace a young woman who late
betrayed her.

would carry its work into her domain. To the north-
east of Tyre, outside the city walls, is a lonely hill
atop which sits a small castle whose parapets over-
look the river Litani. Once used as a stronghold of
the Knights Templar, the castle —called the Riviere
de la Lune — was purchased through intermediaries
by the Order of Bitter Ashes after a series of brutal
Saracen attacks caused the Templars in residence to
abandon it entirely. The long-forgotten keep is now
home to a Grail Knight named Theobald and his
faithful entourage. A former Nosferatu antiquarian,
Theobald earned the Grail Embrace after discover-
ingareliquary containing direct copies of the epistles


of Saint Luke, discussing the treatment of various
supernatural curses. He suspects the nearby city of
Tyre of housing some ancient evil and is currently
mounting a campaign of reconnoitering sojourns
inside the city. Although he has tried to remain
circumspect in his efforts, Theobald's activities have
been detected by Tanith's agents in the city. Barring
some unforeseen intercession on the part of someone
very brave, it is only a matter of time before the elder
Baali queen engineers the Grail Knight's fall from
grace. (For more on Grail Knights and the Order of
Bitter Ashes, see The Ashen Knight.)

Tanith's second concern of late involves a beau-
tiful Syrian girl named Shutatara. After the arrival of
Black Mariah, Tanith became acutely aware that
although she had accumulated much power and
knowledge, she had no one to teach or to mentor.
Shutatara impressed the Baali queen from afar by
displaying an innate facility with languages and a
voracious appetite for learning, and thus became her
first protégé (and progeny) in centuries. Unfortu-
nately, Shutatara reacted poorly to being Embraced
as Baali, and after months of waiting for the right
moment — months during which her soul was in
constant torment at what her sire was asking her to
become — she fled Tyre one dark night.

Shutatara stowed away on one of the many
vessels departing from Tyre for Cyprus and ended up
aguest at the court of Nehemiah, the Cainite lord of
that domain. She did not reveal to Nehemiah any-
thing of her lineage or past, only that she required his
sanctuary, which he gave. But after much searching,
anith has finally followed the trail of her errant
disciple to Cyprus. She knows its patron well, how-
ever, and she understands that if he can be properly
"convinced" of its logic as a course of action, he will
return Shutatara to her without a moment's pause.
Therefore, she is now attempting to do that very
thing, and the two have begun a most unusual long-
distance correspondence — one that reads more like
an intense classical debate than a series of letters
between learned elders...

Cyprus, theTsle of Love

Geographically speaking, Cyprus is far and away
the largest of the Crusader Kingdoms. It is the third
largest island in the Mediterranean, stretching over
60 miles from north to south and nearly 150 from
east to west. It has miles of sandy shoreline in
addition to its breathtaking mountain ranges, and it
is a highly defensible place on the whole, with only

a handful of reliable ports at which to dock larger
vessels. For decades now — ever since the crusaders
first arrived here — the island has been used as a
staging ground for those who would take up the
Cross, a save haven and meeting ground for the
soldiers of Christ. As a result, Cyprus is a literal
island amid a sea of conflict, the one place in all
Outremer where the Christians are not beset on all
sides by their enemies.

Nonetheless, it is reason rather than religion
that governs the Cainites of Cyprus. For over 100
years, the island has been the private sanctuary of a
Brujah named Nehemiah. Embraced as a Jew in AD
492 in a small fishing village, Nehemiah resided in
Jerusalem for many years. Indeed, he usually claims
it as his city of origin. Nehemiah was one of many
Cainites who abandoned the city — and his faith —
in 1099. Unlike most of the others, however,
Nehemiah did so in the wake of the Weeks of Blood,
not in preparation for them. Along with Father
Paliuro Rustucci, Nehemiah was one of few who did
not succumb to the terrible frenzy that the siege
brought upon the city's Cainites. He simply watched,
dumbfounded, as his brothers in blood rent one
another asunder amidst the mortal carnage of the
First Crusade.

Aftersurvivingsuchasurreal experience, Nehemiah
required isolation. He quietly retired to the island of
Cyprus, there to complete his studies of an ancient text
that he had recently acquired from a clanmate called
Rathmonicus. He acquired the text some years before
from Rathmonicus while the Cainite was traveling in
Tyre, and he has been quietly perusing the tenets held
within. These tenets taught of self-control and the
ultimate repression —and thus mastery — of the Beast
and its emotionally driven urges. By 1230, Nehemiah
believes that he has begun to fully grasp the layers of

TRUEBRUJAH?

After much study, I have discovered some facts
about Cainite history that I find most interesting. I
quote a fragment of the Book oj
turn quoted to aservant of mine at the Diet of Olives

‘Troile, the Child of his Child's Child, rose up
and slew his Father, Brujah and ate of His flesh

All of this sheds a great de:
temperament. The Beast does not lurk close to the
surface with me, as it does inmy "brethren." My sire

‘od, which was in

1 of light on my

in Cainite history, but then, he
1, after all

did not school me we
might have seen little point. Iam no schol
Nehemiah of Cyprus, ina letter to Tanith

— +e

meaning within the text, and he has been slowly
shifting his belief structure toward its teachings, so that
he may come to terms with and eventually utterly
suppress his own Beast.

These nights, however, things are not so simple.
Nehemiah has come to govern everything in his
unlife through reason alone. Therefore, when other
Cainites began to arrive on Cyprus, he saw no reason
to forbid them to stay, as long as they upheld the laws
of the island and the Old Ways.
had the ultimate effect of giving Nehemiah a repu-
tation as a pushover among Cainite lords. In theory,
one could do essentially as one wished on Cyprus, as
long as one didn't overtly flaunt the will of its eldest
resident. Therefore, Nehemiah eventually began to
allow that he be referred to as the true and rightful
lord of the domain, if for no other reason than to put
the quietus on the spread of his appellation as
Outremer's "Soft Prince."

Doing so, however,

The biggest of Nehemiah's problems, however,
has arisen from a group known as the Order of
Cyprus. In and of itself, the order is just another
Christian military order of the sort Nehemiah has
been contending with for decades. The fact that its
activities conceal those of a cabal of Tremere is
what's causing the problem, though. Originally, the
Tremere arrived surreptitiously, using the order as a
base from which to launch investigations into the
mysteries of Acre before its reclamation. Even after
1212, however, they continued to reside on the
island, still using the order as cover (and food) and
still flaunting Nehemiah's law. Nehemiah realizes
that he could "evict" them on the grounds that they
breached the Second Tradition (and between his
own might and the backing of the Diet of Olives, he
could easily do so). He isn't sure, however, that he
wouldn't acting out of emotion and not pure reason
in so doing. For now, he simply waits, watching the
Tremere for signs of change one way or the other.

Another issue that takes up much of Nehemiah's
time is the issue of his "houseguest," Shutatara.
Some years ago, his unlife was further complicated
by the arrival of this beautiful and erudite — and
Syrian Cainite. Someone or something had
removed her tongue, leaving her unable (or unwill-
ing) to heal it. The result is a curious situation that
has aroused Nehemiah's interest more than any-
thing in decades.

mute

Shortly after Shutatara's arrival, Nehemiah be
gan acorrespondence with Tanith, an elder he knew
from his past dealings with Tyre. Tanith has struck
up what appears to be an intellectual intercourse

with him, discussing everything from politics and
theology to kings in her eloquent letters to him. He
has come to appreciate having some cerebral stimu-
lation in the form of a "debate partner," and honestly
does not want to see the correspondence come to an
end. For this reason, more than anything, he is
determined not to give Tanith whatever it is that she
seeks from him. (He knows that she wants some-
thing, she just hasn't made her desires apparent to
him, yet.) Nehemiah isn't fully aware of just how
stubborn Tanith can be (and he certainly isn't aware
of her true agenda), but he believes he will enjoy
finding out.

In less than a year, Cyprus erupts into full-scale
civil war. After Emperor Frederick II demands help
from the Papacy in solving succession issues in
Outremer, an army arrives in Cyprus led by one
Richard Filangieri, an Italian naval marshal. In 1232,
at the Battle of Agridi, Filangeri's men are finally
routed by John of Ibelin, securing prosperity and
independence for Cyprus (for a time, anyway).
Nehemiah watches these and more events unfold
with detached interest. Although he is presented
with numerous opportunities during these coming
conflicts, he does not act against those who question
his authority on the island. Instead, he stands reso-
lute in his indifference. Indeed, in the decades and
centuries to come, all types of C: and
crusaders will come and go in Cyprus. Through it all,
Nehemiah remains.

Larnaca

Set in a wide bay facing Tyre sits the beautiful and
perpetually temperate village of Larnaca. Alll the village's
prominent features are religious institutions, the fore-
most of which is Stavravouni Monastery — the oldest
monastery in Cyprus — located just outside of town.
Erected on a mountain top, it was built during the
heyday of Greek Orthodoxy in Cyprus — after the last
pagans had been converted or cast out, but before the
arrival of the Latin Normans — by Saint Helena, the
mother of Constantine the Great. According to tradi-
tion, Helena founded Stavravouni (meaning "mountain
of the ") to be a home for a fragment of the True
Cross, and the monks continue to serve in this capacity
faithfully. As a result, the monastery is an insular and
highly traditional place of worship; no woman — or
Cainite — has ever been allowed inside.

Also located in Larnaca is the Church of Agios
Lazaros. Saint Lazarus is the patron saint of Cyprus,
and he lived here for over 30 years after his resurrec-
tion through Christ. Lazarus was ordained bishop by

ainites, count:

Cros


MIRACLE OF THESTONES

Yet another important religious site in
Larnaca is the area's only shrine to Islam. Also
known as hala sultan tekke, the shrine stands in
apeaceful setting amid palm trees and gardens,
housing the tomb of Umm Haram —an aunt of
the Prophet Muhammad. As the wife of the
governor of Palestine, Umm Haram was part of
the sultan's entourage during Caliph Oman's
expedition to Cyprus in 647. According to
legend, the elderly Arab lady died on the spot
after a sudden fall from atop her mule.

In the year 1230, the gravesite is still sur-
rounded by several buildings of a dervish
monastery. Three stones carried from Mount
Sinai mark the tomb of Umm Haram, one of
which seems to be miraculously suspended in
the air. The gravesite radiates an intensely
powerful aura of the divine (Ambient Faith
rating of 5) —indeed, much more potent than
the history of the site would seem to dictate.

Nevertheless, by the 13th century Umm
Haram's tomb has become one of the largest
places of pilgrimage in Islam (after Mecca,
Medina and Al-Quds), and many Muslim pil-
grims come to Cyprus every year to pray and
bear witness to the Miracle of the Stones. The
few Cainites who have ever found opportunity
to approach Umm Haram's tomb have met
with considerable mental anguish, as of a great
cry filling their minds, and none have thus far
been able to physically approach to within 50
feet of the tomb itself. In order to keep such
occurrences to a minimum, Nehemiah has de-
creed that none of his "guests" betray his
hospitality by venturing anywhere near the
resting-place of Umm Haram.

Saint Mark, and in the ninth century after his death,
a magnificent church was built over the saint's tomb
by Emperor Leo VI. Lazarus remains adored by the
Cypriots, and eight days before the annual Greek
Orthodox Easter, an icon of the saint is taken in
procession by the church through the streets of
Larnaca. As for the church itself, it is one of the finest

examples of Byzantine architecture in the world.

Unknown even to Nehemiah, Agios Lazaros is the
site ofa powerful ashen cult centered upon a mysterious
figure known as the Corpus Vulgata. This entity has
evoked a cult of personality around itself through the
practical worship of Lazarus asa demigod. The creature

+ OUTREMER-


is an Osiris figure to the monks of Agios Lazaros,
bestowing upon them its unholy communion and so-
lidifying its ministry with their blood. While the Corpus
Vulgata is certainly a Cainite, little else is known of
either its lineage or origins. It might indeed be a
Cappadocian follower of Lazarus, or even a powerful
Malkavian with a messiah complex. What is known is
that while Nehemiah remains entangled in other mat-
ters, Agios Lazaros's vitae-empowered following
continues to grow unchecked...

LoveMesisted Once...

Over the past several years, stories have begun to
circulate through Outremer concerning a wandering
pe amanand a woman. From
the northern tip of Antioch, down to the sun-bleached
shores of Gaza, the tales have spread. The legend of the
two hasgrown fat with each retelling, adding new twists
to the couple's travels and travails until there is no
distinguishing fact from fancy. Some say that the two
were doomed to walk the holy lands of Palestine,
having been cursed by God as Caine himself was,
forbidden from ever again basking in His grace. Others
say that the pair seeks something specific here in
arelic of some kind, or perhaps a singular
and perfect place of lasting pilgrimage.

The truth of the matter is actually quite simple.
This nomadic couple is none other than Belisarius and
Shabah, an elder Ventrue and Assamite from far-off
Constantinople. After the fall of their formerhome, the
pair took their secret and forbidden love and fled with
it to the "land of opportunity" — the Crusader King-
doms of Outremer. For now, they are content to travel,
carefree, in the way that only those in love may truly do.
Their activities take them all across Outremer, but no
matter what the couple's temporal goals are, their cause
is always and simply one of love eternal.

Notable Cainites

Ahmed ibn Zayyat, Prince of Cripoli

7th-generation Assamite Vizier, childe of
Barnabus, walker on the Road of Heaven

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: AD 793

Apparent Age: late 20s

Ahmed, son of Zayyat, had never been a particu-
larly religious Arab before being chosen for the Embrace.
As was typical of his family, he was Muslim by default

and upbringing, rather than choice. Hissire, an Assamite
ier named Barnabus, seemed similarly religiously
disinclined and, thus, nobody thought it unusual when
he chose the mild-tempered Ahmed as his fidais in 793.
Before that time, Ahmed had been a moderately suc-
cessful merchant, tradingin lamp oil and othernecessities
in his home town of Tripoli. Contacts, trade negotia-
tions and bottom lines had always been the coin of the
realm for Ahmed — never faith. Nevertheless, he took
tohisapprenticeship with surprising vigilance, gleaning
all that he could from his learned (and quiet) mentor.

Asaneonate, ibn Zayyat demonstrated an intui-
tive knack for his clan's ability to conceal his pe
and even his features. It came to pass that his skills
should be tested, and his sire chose to give him a
particularly unique assignment. He was to sneak into
a crusader encampment, slip into a certain tent,
assassinate any guards therein and return with what-
ever it was that they were guarding so heavily. What
followed was an experience that would shake his
beliefs to their very foundations, molding and shap-
ing the young vampire into the man he would
eventually become. Ahmed ibn Zayyat became a
Christian after that night, and has since come to
fully realize his place in the politics of his clan and of
Palestine at large. And though he never speaks of the
event itself, the Assamite prince has nonetheless
borne a curiously-shaped, raised scar upon the palm
of his right hand ever since, a reminder of the night
when he came face to face with God.

A= x *
PS = fee a
Belen ———— A =UR ferme = 3, +
- = SF_:DARKACESEUROPE - gE 7 iy

_
ay


. ms

he peace of the Long and we must fight for our very survival

called lords of thé night, claims domains and influence 4
soWfinertt: Some chum stand cs feedel lerpatcthe rs es

gods, but it is over thes@fds and these hearts that we do battle.

BLOODIED BACTLEFIELD$

Europe is the major setting book for the new Dark Age
sms of medieval Europe are examinec

vampiric monarchs and fiends who infest them. Fromig# Languedoc rent by,

the Alb Druss : Ey hil Avalon ruled by the
Methuselah-God ‘as, Dark 5 is

Dur v

+ Plot and story hooks for every region of Euror
+ Inforgpatof# cn the mortal poveers and kingdoms of the day

+ Vampir ery corner of Europe and beyond

WWW.WHITE-WOLf.coM

46-279-X
21.95 U.S.

ii