# File: Euthanatos.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


WHEEL OF FORTONE.

NX y

No Good Deed Goes Unpunished

If only you knew the things that I have seen in the darkness of night
—M.C. Escher

By Kathleen Ryan, Phil Brucato and J. Porter Wiseman, with Clayton Oliver and

Jennifer Hartshorn


Cred

Written by: Kathleen Ryan and Phil Brucato

Additional Material and Creative Concepts: J. Porter
Wiseman, Clayton Oliver, Jennifer Hartshorn with Steven
Brown (who created Voormas and the House of Helekar),
Sam Inabinet (who conceived the Himalayan Wars) and
Allen Varney (who created Mark Hallward Gillan and his
discovery of Helekar's crimes)

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Richard Thomas

Art: Alex Shiekman and Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Front Cover Art: Michael William Kaluta

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Dedicated with remembrance to Madline Stofka.

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SuITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

PUBLISHING

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is

expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, The Book of Crafts, The Book of
Shadows and Beyond the Barriers the Book of Worlds are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc
Allcharacters, names, places and text her
White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The

these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright

rsonal

All rights reserved.

re copyrighted by

ention of or reference to any company or product in

concerned.
Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion
is advised.
Check out White Wolf online
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and

rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks To:
lan "Enchanted" Lemke, for casting cantrips out the
window.
Justin "Sushi Chaw" Achilli, for using lunch.
Ken "Sushi Gaww" Cliffe, for losing lunch.
Ethan "Greenhorn" Skemp, for getting trampled in the
Wild West
Mike "Spittoon" Krause, for keeping the brown cup handy.
Rich "Ghost Fingers" Dansky, for being this move''s blood
sacrifice.
Mike "All Clear" Tinney, for avoiding being this move's
blood sacrifice.
Laurah "Black" Norton and Donna "Blue" Hardy, for
keeping E&D's colors flying.
Aaron "Cubism" Voss, for cobbling up the Catacombs.
Brian "Monkey Business" Glass, for spotting Mark in the
oddest places.
Charles "Palace Guard" Bailey, for decking the halls.
Anna "Eyestrain" Branscom, for being gored by the Horn-
book.
Mojo Shiva Dances-With-Semis, for giving up his "life" so
that this book might be completed.

..and Steve and Angela, Stewart and Gretchen Wieck,
for keeping the world full of tall people. Congratulations,
folks!

Words from the Wolf

It's done! It's done! It's done!

Sorry. This book has been a trial (remind me to tell you
about itsometime). Everyone's favorite death mages wanted
to stay in the shadows, and it took a lot of effort to convince
them to play nice. Chances are, they'll skitter off again
before long, so enjoy them while you can

Seriously, the last few months have seen some drastic

changes around here. The most obvious one is our change of
address (see box); less obvious to you but more drastic to us
was the late-December departure of a third of our staff. Lots

of good people (see Order of Hermes) left last year, and we

miss them already. A wave of bad luck and worse decisions
made 1996 a year we'd all like to forget. That tide left us
Satacombs," a Dilbert-

creeping arounda place dubbed "the
esque domicile that truly captures the spirit of the ‘90s. As
the Euthanatoi know, nothing lasts forever. Hopefully, this
stage won't last, either.

Yes, both Euthanatos and 1996 are now behind us.
Let's hope 1997 isa better year — for you, for us, and for the

world in general.

Please.


Contents

Appendix: The Jewels of Kali 09)



Preludes
ou Stand Accuse

Woe unto you, lawyers! for ye hav
Jesus of Naz

"Theora Hetrick of the Freedom Razor cabal of the House of
Helekar, you stand accused of the following crimes:"

The Council Chamber echoed with the voice of Tom Smithson,
the Dreamspeaker Primus, standing at the Seat of Spirit at the head
of the Table Cenacle and reading from the paper in his hands.

"Gilgul without sanction; mass murder; murder with malice
aforcthought; murder for pleasure; hunting sentients for sport; sabo-
tage resulting in death...."

The girl listened quietly, white and trembling in a stiff black
cotton dress much too large for her. At the word "sabotage," many of
the Etherites in the room began to mutter. Theora stared straight
before her, over the heads of the assembled Council, neither right nor
left, as if she were the only being in the room. Smithson spoke on,
ignoring the disturbance.

"Infernalism; treason; maltreating Council, Tradition and
Chantry ambassadors; breaking allegiance with both Council and
Tradition; oathbreaking...."

Tn the center of the hall, close to the Table Cenacle, two lesser
tables — mere wood and nails, not manifestations of the united power
of nine Traditions and five centuries — and their occupants bore
witness to the charges. On the left sat the prosecution: The famous

taken away the key of knowledge

eth, Luke 2:52

Raging Eagle with his assistants Marcus Tsai and Tanaka Kasumi,
nodding solemaly as the reading rolled on. On the right sat the
defense: Mitzi Zimmermann and her apprentice Julia Stanislaufsky,
the teacher calm and self-assured, the student pale and worried, her
eyes growing bigger with the sound of every new crime.

"Harvesting Quintessence from the deaths of others; Node-
raiding: using captured Nephandi Talismans and Tass; smuggling
corrupt Talismans and Tass; slavery; kidnapping; trafficking in hu-
man body parts; torture; mutilation; rape and other sexual violations
too numerous to mention here; concealing malefic magickal work-
ings; falsely reporting an Oracle; resisting arrest; and theft.

"Do you have anything to say in your defense?"

Theon's eyes lowered, resting for the first time on her accuser.
She bit her lip and sought the gaze of the Euthanatos Primus instead.
Indrani Takstang nodded, gestured to the right-hand table, and re-
mained silent. Finally the girl turned, looking expectantly at the two
women there.

"I speak for the prisoner." said Mitzi. "She reserves her defense
for the formal trial. However, on her behalf I feel I must request a
review of these charges before the trial begins."

Prelude 5


"On what basis?" asked Master Getulio Vargas Sao Cristavao,
the Order of Hermes Primus.

"These are clearly blanket charges, based on the record of the
House of Helekar as a whole. For example, Theora is being charged
with Gilgul. a magickal feat clearly beyond her capabilities. I ask that
the Council reexamine the charges and tailor them to fit Theora
instead of her Chantry."

"No." Raging Eagle rose to his feet, holding a hand up to silence
the Euthanatos. "This is a war crimes trial, Miss Zimmermann — a
war crimes trial held while the battle still rages." The Akashic
Brother paused, staring down upon her, then shifted his attention to
the gathered Primii: "We cannot waste time reordering these charges.
Every man now spent in guarding this girl could be better employed
in hunting down the rest of her cabal.

"Moreover," he said, turning now toward the prisoner and the
defense, "we should not waste time reordering these charges. Every
member of this cursed Chantry must be held up and examined in the
light of these charges in order to determine their part in these crimes."

He finished and sank back into his chair, his gaze locked with
Mitzi's own.

The two counsels continued to stare at cach other as the Primii
murmured amongst themselves. The prosecutor saw a small, mouse
colored, frizzy-haired woman in her 30s, relaxed and thoughtful ina
dove-gray suit-dress. A few wrinkles had begun conquest of the
comers of her mouth and light-blue eyes. One hand absently tapped
a silver pen on the arm of the chair, the other supported her pointed
chin. She had the smallest wrists he had ever seen. The defense saw
nothing but muscle, and then a deeply lined face and bare head, dark
eyes, and an old man carrying himself in a manner and body far
younger. His blue suit fit remarkably badly. She felt that even sitting
more nervous than Theora — and that
this trial would cost him something extraordinary, but she couldn't

down, he was terribly tense

decide what or why.

EUTHANATOS

The hum at the Table Cenacle ceased, and the counsels looked away.

Smithson cleared his throat, and issued his response:

"In consideration of the arguments brought by both sides, the
Council has decided to replace the charge of Gilgul without sanction'
to ‘Accessory to Gilgul without sanction,' but not to review or restate
the other charges. We will close this hearing and move on to the
formal trial. These charges will stand for all future members of the
House of Helekar brought to trial before us. This hearing is ad-
journed."

Mitzi turned to her apprentice, watching the Primii out of the
corner of her eye. Dr. Julian Spence of the Sons of Ether quickly
joined his clamoring fellow Scientists. Together, they strode off
towards their laboratory, talking low, fast and seriously.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"I don't know," said Julia.

"Speak up. girl. | know you're thinking, 1 want to hear it,
whatever it is." Mitzi leaned back in the chair. The guards were three
decp around the tiny figure of Theora, waiting for Roger Thackery of
the Virtual Adepts to open a portal to the prison complex below.
"Have some confidence in your opinion."

"Okay." Julia frowned and picked at the tabletop. "It seemed to
me like...well...as if what they're doing..."

"Spit it ou

"Who's on trial here? Theora, or the whole House of Helekar
or all of us?"

Mitzi nodded, and her slender fingers played nervously with the
handle of her briefcase. The room was beginning to clear, but even
now there were more mages in the Chamber than usually came to a
scheduled Council meeting. Raging Eagle stood at the center of a
small, enthusiastic crowd. The attention did not seem to please him.


A Lexicon of the Chakravanti

Like the Cultists of Ecstasy, Euthanatos (or
more properly, Euthanatoi) draw their formal termi-
nology from Sanskrit roots. Perhaps the Tradition's
founders selected Sanskrit oyerGreek in an effort to
balance the awkward compromise they made over
their name (see Chakravanti); then again, they may
have simply found Sanskrit the more appealing
language. Thé real reasons for the preference re-
main a.mystery, and a source of speculation even
today:

Acarya — A mentor.

Agama — The journey between the worlds of
the living and the dead. Agama te refers to the
initiation ritual (which sends a shravaka through a
short death), although it also applies to greater
travels beyond the Pana. Agama re refers to trips of
two or more people.

Atman — The Awakened Avatar, the Sacred
and Mystickal Self.

Chakravanti — Alternate name for the
Euthanatoi, favored by an outvoted faction during
the Grand Convocation.

Chodana — The code of ethics all Tradition
Euthanatoi are supposed to follow.

Coumatha — Literally "Crossroad," the crux
where a Euthanatos' old life ends and her new life
begins. Sometimes used as a term for the Awaken-
ing, Coumatha usually refers to some life crisis that
leads to a bigger revelation — like an Epiphany.

Diksha — The near-death experience (NDE)
that leads a Euthanatos into his new life as a mage.
The Thanatoic Awakening.

Euthanatoi — The proper plural form of
"Euthanatos." Often ignored, even within the Tra-
dition, in favor of the more accessible common
name, but preferred in formal contexts.

Jhor — Death-taint Resonance. Magicks that
focus Underworld energies deepen Jhor, as doatroci-
ties that "kill the soul." The "smell of the Wyrm"
andeloss.of Humanity" that werewolves and vam-
pires'speak of are closely related to Jhor; as the
Euthanatoi understand it, however, this taint comes
from the essence of decay, not from a moral judge-

ment. Even so, they watch those whose Jhor seems
too intense, recognizing the difference between some-
one who is familiar with death and someone who
enjoys spreading it.

Marabout — A Chantry. Often refers to one of
the ancient ancestral temples in India, although
some young Euthanatoi use the name for their own
dwellings.

Naraki — The Fallen (Nephandi); also used to
denote corrupt Euthanatoi.

Nyasa — The Awakening that carries magickal
enlightenment and a greater appreciation of life.
Although lesser awareness can invoke lesser powers
(ie., hedge magic), magickal talents come only
through a true Nyasa. To the Euthanatoi, the best
Nyasa come through Diksha.

Ojas — The mystick energy flowing within all
things; in other words — Quintessence,

Pana — The Shroud (Gauntlet) between the
material world and the spirit Penumbra.

Paramaguru — A Thanatoic master of great
ability or repute. Also Rimposhe.

Samashti — A grand meeting that most
Euthanatoi are expected to attend.

Shravaka — An apprentice who has only re-
cently undergone the agama ritual.

Shruti — "That Which is Revealed"; a Time/
Mind memory technique that calls up images and
sensations of what another person has experienced.
(q.v. smmti.)

Siddi — A general term for magick.

Smrti — "That Which is Remembered"; a vi-
sion technique (q.v. shruti) in which a Euthanatos
calls up memories of past incarnations.

Thanatoics — A modern, casual term for the
Tradition's ranks; disliked by many older Euthanatoi.

Vrata — A formal oath, often bound to a life-
e. To break it is to court disgrace, exile oreven

pron
death.

Wheel, the — The great Cycle of birth, death
and reincarnation. Used as a metaphor for creation
and the living world.



Four [urns of the
Wheel (History

PUCK:

When the moon on a cloud cast night

Hung above the tree tops height

You sang me of some distant past

That made my heart beat strong and fast

Now I know I'm home at last

~ Loreena McKennitt, "Samain Night"

"Come in, please," said the Rimpoche Indrani Takstang, Primus for
the Euthanatos, Lama of Vajra. "I have tea ready for you. I know the journey
in from Cerberus is a difficult one."

‘The two women stooped to eater the hut's low door, then bowed again
in greeting to the elderly Indian man who sat cross-legged behind a steaming
teapot and rows of sandwiches.

"Michelle Rachel Zimmermann, bani Euthanatos. This is my appren-
tice Julia Agnes Stanislaufsky."

"Yes, of course. I've seen you here before with Senex. How is the Old
Man?"

"Very well, thank you, Rimpoche," Mitzi said. "He sends his compli
ments and a few small tokens of his appreciation. I'm afraid they're buried
in my luggage at the moment...."

"Time enough to get them once you've settled in. Please, sit down."
Takstang began whisking tea leaves together, pouring water and pressing
plates and cups into their hands. After an agreeable interval had passed, he
changed the course of the conversation to more serious matters. "Now then,
tell me what you thought of the hearing, Miss Mitzi."

"I thought it went remarkably well, under the circumstances. I've
already weakened the case against the git! by bringing up the flaws in the
charges. The important thing today was to point out the injustice and yet keep
at least one serious, Gilgul-worthy offense on the record to use if we decide
that the girl is guilty."

The Primus nodded. "I have my own opinion, of course, but I feel 1
should not act upon it yet or discuss it with you. Conflict of interest, you
understand. On the other hand, we need to decide this matter very soon.
Yes?"

"Yes, Rimpoche. Infact, if you'll excuse me, I want to go visit Theora."

"Wait a moment." He sipped his tea thoughtfully. As he did so, his
thoughts coursed across the room, settling into Mitzi's mind like gentle
speech. Give me your message now, he said silently, before the hearing and
before you see Theora. We may not have another chance to speak privately.

Very well. The Old Man says: In the official lists, the House of
Helekar counts 13 Awakened members. They should now list 12.

Who is dead?

Four T:

ns of the Wheel 9


Somnitz. We would rather that this not become public yet, even to the
rest of the Council.

‘Takstang raised an eyebrow. I won't ask you more. Do be careful with
Gillan. He has hunted Somnitz for years, and may know something.

"Isn't she dangerous?" asked Julia, oblivious to the telepathic conver-
sation.

Mitzi rose to her feet. "Don't jump to conclusions, Jule. It's still
possible that Theora is innocent. Anyway, I need to visit her. It's my duty to
ensure that she gets the punishment that she deserves — no moreand no less.
It's also...the respect due to the remains of a noble organization. Before
Voormas went mad, the House of Helekar was a great force for good. I wish
T'd had the time to tell you more history, to help you understand that."

"Miss Julia is ignorant of our past?" Takstang asked.

Mitzi brushed her hair back, blushing and trying to cover the fact. "I'm
afraid we teach ethics and self-defense first on Cerberus. History is advanced
study..."

‘The Primus spread his hands wide. "I have nothing to do today but wait

for tomorrow." He smiled up into Mitzi's dubious eyes. "If you permit, 1
could perhaps instruct Miss Julia while you tend to the defense?"

Julia's eyes widened in surprise. Her mentor's did the same.

"It...it would be an honor, Rimpoche." Mitzi stammered out her
acceptance. "May I have a moment with her first?"

Outside, in the brightly lit garden, the older woman studied her
apprentice carefully. "I hope you'll enjoy your afternoon. It's not every day
the Primus of the Euthanatoi offers to teach a first-year Adept. The
Rimpoche is a remarkable man. You'll be safe here with him."

"Safe?"

"Safe." Mitzi hesitated, thea weat on. "Stay with the Rimpoche until
Iget back. If he needs to Jeave, go to our quarters and stay there with the door
locked. Don't open it to anyone, even to Euthanatos you've met before or
know by reputation. And don't leave Vajra for any reason."

"But you're going out alone." Julia's voice broke with worry. "You're
risking your life to go see her."

"Try to understand, Jule. Whatever her crimes, Theora has lost her
home, her freedom, and all her cabal. She's in shock — couldn't you see it?
She needs someone to talk to before she dies."

Tha Aya

But I've a rendezvous with Death

At midnight in some flaming town,

When Spring trips north again this year,

And I to my pledged word am true,

I shall not fail that rendezvous

Alan Seeger, "Rendezvous"

"This is smrti, Julia. "That which is remembered." The elder spoke in
clear, soft tones as he gestured to the suddenly changed landscape. Now pale
white walls surrounded them, brightly painted in some places and set with
colored pebbles in others. The teahouse pillows were gone, replaced by
smooth, damp stone steps. Julia marveled at the transformation, at the caress
of scents, sounds and sensations...and noted the disjoined past/present/
future fugue that came with Time-magicked perceptions. Like living your
whole life at once, she mused. Or many lives....

"Lfived once in this city." said Takstang. "I came every day to bathe in
this pool. That sun above us is the sun of India, three or fous thousand years
before the birth of the Buddha. My people lived here on the banks of the
Sarasvati river, and we were civilized long before the Europeans. Soon, we
will be forgotten. In much later days, some will call us "the Arya." or Aryans.
At this time, we cafled ourselves "the Yehnn," or "people of the great river."
We possessed architecture: agriculture; astronomy; learned sages, writers and
pocts; and a religion in harmony with the Earth and the universe, one such
as no longer exists but for the Dreamspeakers and their kin. I was a merchant,
and I gave up my wealth to join the madmen priests in the woods.

"Follow me," he said, and they walked outside. Julia blinked in the raw,
glaring sunlight. In the distance, there was music. On the next street she
could see a procession of men and women walking solemaly, some in robes
and some nearly naked. They held colored banners high, the bright flags
snapping on poles taller than the houses. A jumbled fine of singing, dancing
people followed the banners, carrying clay jugs and trays of grain on their
shoulders.

10 EUTHANATOS

"That building on the hill is our temple, but the festival today will not
be held there. The procession goes from the forest in the north down to the
river bank, and the temple is built halfway between them. It is the summer
solstice, and the god we worship, the Lord of Animals and Wild Places, is
today an equal match for his consort. Tomorrow his lady, the goddess I will
not name, will overpower him, and rule until the winter solstice.

"Its ll part of the Great Wheel — the dying of the year, the new life
in spring. You know this and they know this, but too often it is forgotten."

‘The scene changed again, and the two stood on a barren hillside covered
with dry, crackling grass. Takstang strode forward, sure-footed, and Julia
struggled to keep up with him on the slippery straw. In the distance, another
procession threaded its way across the wasteland. A ragged Line of walkers
driving their skinny animals before them, mixed in with carts, horses and
pack animals. As the two drew nearer, Julia could sec remnants of banners
like those in the great city, now used to tic baskets to the backs of cattle and
donkeys.

"These are the remains of the Sarasvati people. It is perhaps two
thousand years before Christ. Their river is dry now, and they have had to
leave their home to the mercy of the sand. There is a saying: A thousand years
acity, a thousand years a desert .It is part of the Great Wheel, to lose cities
and homes to time and nature. Civilizations have lifetimes, too."

On the side of the column nearest them, an old man in a tattered
priestly robe called out encouraging words to the refugees.

"That is myself, in this incarnation," Tankstang continued, "this time
I was trained to my calling from birth, in the last years before we left the

Sarasvati. It was a bad time to be a Rshi — to be a mage or a priest. We could
not stop the desert taking our land; we could not give an easy or comforting
explanation for the devastation. Instead, we organized the migration of those
who still lived; we had to trust to our visions of better lands to the south, and
asked the people to trust us and the spirits we spoke to. To save most of the
people, we had to Ieave behind the ones who would not follow, though it
meant their deaths. We had to let the weak die, though they were our brothers
and sisters, our parents and children."

The old priest turned from his flock to scan the horizon and the folds
of the dry hills, He gave an abrupt shout, then jumped nimbly onto the back
of the horse at his side. Bareback, he slapped his mount's flanks with his
heels and sped up the column into a group of spear-carrying mea. Julia could
just see him pointing toward the west, into the low afternoon sun.

"They are about to be attacked," said Takstang

Jolia frowned, shifting her weight uneasily.

"Their animals are still valuable. Slavery, too, is common in this
time." He sighed. "I will die today, but the march will continue, and the
Aryans — the Noble Ones — will reach the south undefeated in body. They
are tough, ruthless and well-seasoned by the time they reach the Ganges. In
time, they will discover that they like fighting and storms, sun and the hard
wind at their backs."

A dust cloud formed slowly over the sunward hills, and the refugees in
the middle of the column doubled their pace. The spearmen in the forward
section pushed their way through the cattle and carts, making a stand to the
west

"We will move on. You are young and civilized, and this battle is going
to be very bloody. Also, it is not good to relive your own deaths too often."

He waved his hand in dismissal and the grasslands disappeared. Now
the two mages sat on the sill of a high window, legs dangling over the edge.
A large and busy city street lay beneath them, and Julia wrinkled her nose at
the smell rising from it.

"This is their new city. The brown line in the distance, that is the
Ganges. Those brick buildings are the rich men's houses. Below us are the
markets, and over there are the shacks where the poor men live. As refugees,
the Arya had to work together to live. Every man and woman had their task,
and they raised their children to do what they did. Here, the people still pass
professions down the family line, and the caste system — jati — rules
society."

He turned to point across the room, to the view from another window.
"That is the temple quarter of this neighborhood. You can see that there arc
many different shrines — that is a new thing. Those many gods hide the
cowards behind the conquerors face." Takstang settled back against the edge
of the wall. "The Arya became physically very strong in their journey, and
scemed brave to themselves and to the people they conquered for this land.
But all are mistaken. The Noble Ones are not brave. Their hearts are afraid
of the Great Wheel now. They will not listen to the Rshis who tell them they
must die and return, sufferin that life and return again to complete the Cycle.
They have created new gods to comfort them and an afterlife of rest and peace,
and they say this is truer and better than the old ways."

"Lots of people don't believe in reincarnation," said Julia.

"I know. And peshaps there is nothing wrong with that. But the Rshis
here worried that the people would neither rejoin the Cycle nor make it to
their heavens, but would stay to haunt the living and upset the Great Wheel."

"Like wraiths?"

Four Turns of the Wheel

Bt


"Exactly like wraiths." the old Euthanatos said sharply.

"So." He continued. "The people and their new religion lived in the
cities, and some Rehis joined them — the first sceds of the Celestial Chorus
in India. The Arya made politics and war on each other and the lands around
them, and married locals to end wars and unite little kingdoms. The old-
religion Rshis and their families soon left for new lands, east and south,
going into Bengal and Deccan, further south into the lands of the Dravidians,
and north into the foothills of the Himalayas. Eventually, all the Sarasvati

peoples will forget themselves. The Vedas they compose will record only
their "proud" name, and that they came from the northwest. Still later,
scholars who study these Vedas will conclude that the Noble Ones were
white, that they came down from the northlands as the Greeks do centuries
from now, or that they were Asians, crossing the mountains as did the
Chinese. Those theories are wrong. Our cycle begins on the Sarasvati All
else is mud from its banks and water from its currents."

C ross roads

T'd like to get away from earth awhile

And then come back to it and begin over.

— Robert Frost, "Birches"

"Do they teach you much Sanskrit on Cerberus?" Takstang asked.

"No, none at all yet," replied Julia. "I've only becn in training fora year
oF $0."

"But you do know what Coumatha is?" Takstang asked. "Tell me what
you know."

"It's like a cusp in Stranger in a Strange Land The Primus stared
blankly at her, and she went on nervously. "It's a time where you stand
between an old life and a new one, and the decisions you make about both
change you. Like your first year of college, or getting married or Awakening."

"Good enough. It means ‘crossroads' in the old tongue, ‘epiphany' in
Greek. I cannot remember what our Mayan brethren called it. The migration
of the Arya was the first Coumatha in our history — of the Indian heart of
our kind. There have been two others..."

T h e H i ma ] ayan Wa rs

(900 B.C.-300 B.C.)

The Primus flicked his fingers, and the light changed. In near
darkness, they sat on a cold rock wall dusted with snow.

"This is a religious retreat, commune something like western mon-
asteries. The monks here are the spiritual descendants of the Rshis who
tended the Great Wheel on the banks of the Sarasvati. This Marabout, this
Chantry, is the home of a renunciate sect of the Rshis who went north."

‘Takstang fell silent, and Julia took the time to study the landscape
before them. The wall ran down at least a hundred fect, but in the dim light
the brickwork melted into the natural stone, and she could not tell where the
monastery ended or the cliff face began. Their mountain rubbed shoulders
with taller ones on cach side in a ridge that stretched out as far as she could
sce. The valley below was dark as a well. Tiny fires shone up through the clear
air, and the sun's red corpse languished in the west.

"Come this way."

They left the valley behind them and climbed chilly, narrow stairs to
battlements on another level. The Primus gestured to the forbidding rock
heights above them, and Julia followed his gaze to a low point, a saddle pass
outlined faintly against the dark-blue sky. A few flickering sparks — a line
of many torches — appeared on the horizon.

"That is a trading caravan from China. It is not the first to make the
journey from Tibet; it will not be the last. This one is important because it
carries the first true Akashic Brothers into India.

12 EUTHANATOS

"It is roughly a thousand years before Christ. Magick in India is very
diverse, and it is more important to know the differences between one's own
sect and one's neighbor's than it is to know of the similarities between one's
own sect and the practices of a stranger in the next kingdom. There are family
ties, old alliances, perhaps, but no more. This world is like a floor mosaic.
Each tile knows it is red or blue or yellow, and sees the color of the tiles
around it, but not how much red is in the pattern, You sce?"

"Yes, sir. I'm not sure why it matters, though."

"It does not matter here — yet. The Akashics that arrive today will find
that the Indian forefathers of the Celestial Chorus, Verbena and Cult of
Ecstasy have little in common with them. Our people, those who will be the
Evthanatos many centuries from now, are more familiar. The Warring
Hands —as the Akashics are called in these days — are not as peaceful as they
someday shall be, but they understand the Great Cycle well. They will make
many friends among the Euthanatos sects, friendships based on that common
ground. It will be Akashic scribes who identify the similarities between
Handura diviners and Idran luck-priests, Dacoit healers and Supahni war
riors. They will do this as friends as they travel slowly further south into
India, and as enemies a hundred years from now."

The Reason

Julia blinked in a sudden gust of wind, and when she opened her eyes
the scene had changed again.

"We are in the Ganges basin. This is Kanpur. What you sce is shruti,
"That which is revealed." I was not here, but have shared the memories of one
who was."

‘The young mage staggered and gagged at the stench enveloping them.
The odor of hundreds of unwashed bodies, open sewers, rotting flesh and
necrotic sores washed over her, and Takstang slipped a hand bencath Julia's
arm to keep her from falling. Recovering herself, she looked around, and the
sight nearly made her retch again.

If she had fallen forward, she would have stumbled into a corpse. If she
had fallen backward, she would have landed on a heap of them. Weak cries
of despair came through the shuttered windows around them.

"My god," she whispered. "What's happening?"

"Plague," Takstang answered. "It is only a small one, but has hit the
lowest castes first — those responsible for clearing the strects, handling
corpses and so on. When they die, there is no one to take them away, and the
plague spreads to their betters."

‘Takstang stepped gingerly around the body of a small girl and led the
way through a tangle of narrow alleys. They stopped in a courtyard.

Two other figures entered the clearing. One was a thin, browned and
brown-cyed boy dressed neatly in rough cotton, and the other was an older
man, pale, heavily muscled and dressed in patched silk robes. The young man
carried a raw jute sack and wore a knife at his waist

"That isa visiting Akashic Brother, Smoke Tiger." Takstang said. "The
boy is a talented Dacoit healer called Ranjit. Ranjit has come to stop the
spread of the plague. Watch."

The Dacoit stooped over the first body that lay in his path, tested the
pulscat the neck, and moved on. He spoke rapidly and enthusiastically to his
companion, gesturing at the victims lying at the other man's feet. Smoke
Tiger stooped and began checking them for signs of life. The young one
stood again, and pointed to a clear corner of the dirt yard. Smoke Tiger
nodded, picked up a limp body in each arm and began a stack of carrion in the
comer,

On his third trip he picked up the first fresh body.

With a roar of horror, he dropped it and turned dead white. The
woman's corpse fell at an angle, and her newly slit throat gaped open in the
golden afternoon sun. Smoke Tiger's knees gave out, and he sagged to the
carth beside her, staring.

‘The healer rushed to his side, concerned and clearly frightened. He
wiped his bloody hands on a scrap of cloth from his bag and knelt 10 catch
his companions gaze.

Smoke Tiger leaped to his feet and staggered back, nearly tripping over
a dead rat behind him. He began to shout at the boy

"I think you know what he is saying," Takstang said.

Ranjit stepped back, confused.

"Now the boy is explaining that the woman would not have survived the
treatment magicks, and that they must cure or burn as many victims as
possible tonight." The young mage clutched his bag tightly in his left hand
and waved Smoke Tiger closer to the start of the row of victims, to the people
he had not asked the Akashic Brother to move. "He is explaining that these
people have strength of spirit; they are already getting better because of the
magick of the herbs and rites he has used. They will walk under their own
power by the time he has reached the last victim in this section. Now, he says,
he must hurry.or perhaps people will pass beyond returning before he reaches
them."

Ranjit turned away from the Akashic Brother and began to bend over
the next patient, knife and herbs held ready in the same fist. Smoke Tiger
sprang forward to keep him away from the child, striking out at Ranjit with
a careless backhand. The healer flew clean off the ground and headfirst into
a wall on the other side of the courtyard. He slid, sickeningly boneless, to
the ground and breathed no more.

Julia covered her face and felt the pillows of the tea room beneath her.
‘Takstang poured her a fresh cup of tea and continued the story.

"Smoke Tiger was called upon to defend his action by the elders of the
town, of course. If he had been a humble man, he might have pleaded that the
murder was accidental, and the war could have started later, or not at all.
Instead, he defended the killing as a righteous act to punish the corrupt and
dangerous boy. He described the healer's cold-blooded murder and gave it up
as his excuse. The elders nodded and said, "Yes, that's what we sent him for!"
And so the tribunal found Smoke Tiger guilty of a wrongful murder.


"Instead of returning him to the Cycle, the Dacoit decided to hold him
in irons until his cabal could be summoned. The Dacoit explained the
situation and sadly returned him to his own people for whatever punishment
they deemed best. The Akashic Brotherhood being what it is, there was no
punishment. Smoke Tiger was set free and cried out for the destruction of
this new and terrible sect —acultall the more dangerous because their beliefs
were so subtly corrupt."

"Dama!" Julia exclaimed, and reddened as she realized she had just
cursed in front of the Primus. "All because he was sent to jail?"

"No, no. You saw the look on the man's face. He thought Ranjit was
playing god. The boy-as-healer decided who to save and who to send on. The
Akashic Brotherhood believes that the Great Wheel is so sacred — that life
is so sacred — that no mortal, no matter how enlightened, should tamper with
it, unless the bearer of that life declares the gift worthless by disregarding it
in others. Naturally," the elder's voice took a sarcastic turn "the Brothers
have always beca enlightened enough to know when a life proves worthless.
They offered the Dacoit no such knowledge, and the Dacoit would not claim
such enlightenment as their own. Ranjit was mescly being practical. If the
infection was not stopped by medicine, magick and murder, it would have
consumed the whole city. Plague in India is serious, even today."

The Battles

The elder sipped from his cup and pulled his legs into the lotus
position, "Forgive me, but I am tiring. Do you mind if I lapse into my own
tongue?" He paused only fora second and then continued, "It is easier for an
old man to translate with magick than with his mind, you see. | am lazy."

Julia smiled bashfully. The Primus' voice, as he went on, grew stronger,
more confident. She realized that his simple words and slow speech had
given her a false impression of him; in his own language, Takstang sounded
far more educated and intelligent. She wondered, too, how many mages
outside the Euthanatoi had heard the "true" voice of Indrani Takstang.

"At this time," the Primus went on, "we have Akashic Brothers living
all over India, from the Bay of Bengal and Tamiland to the northernmost
border with Tibet. They know what the Euthanatos do not: There are many
cabals and sects of our kind — scattered, yet linked by acommon philosophy.
‘The Akashics are hierarchical and well-informed, and Smoke Tiger's cabal
leader, Chan Ng, proves a capable general. The Warring Hands are students
of the mind — skilled telepaths — and can coordinate attacks and send
messages between camps and countries easily, without traces. Chan Ng calls
for more mages, consors and troops to cross the passes from Tibet, and he sets
up camps within the very walls of the hospitable native sects. As links to the
traders from China and Korea, the Akashics have influence with the local
merchants and governments, as well, and a few fall in to assist him. On one
terrible night, he launches surprise attacks simultaneously on such Marabouts
as he thinks will fall to the forces he can muster, and leaves the rest for later.

"The healers and sages among us are slaughtered. Every last Dacoit
died. This slaughter begins a war which lasts for 300 years. As our friend
Raging Eagle shows, the pain of that war still throbs below the surface, 2200
years later."

"Why?" Julia's breath frosted — or seemed to, anyway — despite the
fact that she would not live for another three millennia. "Wars happen all the
time, Why would this one continue for so Jong, or be remembered so long
afterward?"

14 EUTHANATOS

"The Himalayan Wars are not simple exchanges of death or soil,"
‘Takstang replied. "They are acontest of souls, asmall but bitter cycle of their
own. Each side knows the Great Cycle so well that when they return, each
warrior remembers his former life, and remembers the treachery that ended
it. The bitterness outlasts lifetimes, and new blood is spilled to feed that
anger."

Julia noted the stress of present over past. "Dama." Hercurse was softer
this time. Now, she thought, I'm glad lots of people don't believe in
reincarnation! The thought of a cycle like that, with the momentum of all
the European wars behind it....

Then again, that might explain a few things.

"For the first year," Takstang continued, "we merely defended our
selves. No one had any idea of the scope of the Akashic Brotherhood's
betrayal or influence in India. We were accustomed to fighting small feuds
with our neighbors, but nothing more. Later, we adopted tactics from the
enemy, and I am sorry to say that some of the worst atrocities of those bloody
days were ours. It is difficult, when you dic at the hands of amerciless enemy,
to grant quarter to him in another life. Too many of our ethics fell casualty
to the war.

"In the 98rd year, the Idran Jost themselves, becoming corrupt in
deed — and later, Naraki in fact. It is a dark tale, and I will spare you the
listening of it today."

The Ahl-i-Batin

"You have heard of the Lost Ones? I do not know whether we should
be proud or ashamed to have had a part in their birth, but we cannot escape
the responsibility.

"In the 165th year of the wars, in Afghanistan, very near, in fact, to the
ruins of the Sarasvati people, the Handura (quiet fortune-tellers before the
war, terrible bladesmiths and swordsmen now) ambushed a caravan of
Akashic Brothers, consors, Chinese and Tibetan merchants, their servants
and slaves. The fighting men among the Sleepers and the few battle-seasoned
Akashics in the party drove forward to escape the Handura forces flanking
them; the civilians, acolytes and young mages pulled back and fled farther
west.

"It was late in the war, and the dead of previous generations were
reincarnating as fast as they could, eager for revenge. The fighting attracted
mages from other groups, other sects, and they joined one side or the other,
or attacked them both. It was a dismal time. Many of the Awakened in this
caravan were no more than children, frightened and not yet aware of their true
powers, reasons for fighting or past lives. The Handura hunted them down
regardless.

"The pursuing Euthanatos herded the fugitives before them. following
at perhaps half a day's distance behind, tending to their own wounds as they
went. The starving acolytes ran directly into the arms of the Darwushin, an
Ecstatic cult of the time. The two groups bonded mystically — I do not
understand exactly how — and the Ahl-i-Batin formed that night, the Night
of Fana."

The Primus cyed Julia thoughtfully. "You must ask Mitzi to find you
a copy of the Ahl-i-Batins' Doctrine of Unity. It is worth knowing, and
would help you.

"The Handura pushed forward into the valley from the west, and as they
did, Celestial Singers swept down from the cast. The merciless fell, I think

justly; the strength of the Handura lay broken on the field before dawn that
day. They would have joined the Idran if they had had to fight much longer."

The End

Takstang set his tea cup down, and they suddenly sat on a low wooden
bench, gazing out a custained window onto a dazzling field of snow. A
hundred yards away. a bonfire blazed, sending up huge clouds smoke. Red
painted and orange-robed figures jumped around, over and through the
flames. Beyond, a large cluster of tents and shacks spread out over the icy
ground,

"In the 235th year of the war, a new voice came out of our strongholds
in Bengal: Vedavati. She had been a Brahmin's wife, Awakening for the first
time attending his deathbed. The Chorister sects did their best to recruit her;
she came to us instead. A born diplomat, she convinced mortal princes and
some mages — Ecstatic types, mainly — to fight on our side, and drew
together the scraps of dead sects and Chantries into a new, more military
order: Natatapas, the Dancers of the Inner Fire. That is her camp.

"For centuries, we thought that the Awakened in the kingdoms north
of the Ganges had been pacified by the Akashic Brothers and their forces. In
the last ragged years of the war, we discovered that this was not so. A hidden
resistance came together under the banner of Kali. The Sarasvati peoples' old

goddess recreated herself on the icy slopes you sec below us, and five of her
chosen Awakened took this heavily manned Akashic fortress in one night."

A small crowd of men and women came into view, crossing the field
to join the dancers. Cries of welcome and recognition rang out on both sides.

"Their leader, the Grand Harvester Subramanian, sent messages south
to Vedavati, and between them they united the death mages of India.
Together, they eliminated the Brothethood's military influcace below the
Ganges and reduced the conflict in the north to occasional border skirmishes
in Tibet. They called their new alliance the Chakravanti, and for the first
time the death mages had a name and an identity. The Akashic Brotherhood's
crusade created a Tradition where there was none before."

The snowy field faded to tea room.

"Grand Harvester Subramanian and his followers founded a new sect
after the truce. He intended it to guard the Chakravanti from any outside
threat — the Consanguinity of Eternal Joy, whose leader Helekar would
found a Chantry at the entrance to the Shade Realm of Entropy 800 years
later. The last 13 mages of that Chantry are traitors and fugitives today."

Takstang waited, watching the girl's face quietly. Julia found nothing
to say.

aE: h e€ Cc h a kk ravan t i

To the left of the palace, as one approaches it, a white cypress shades the pool of Lethe, where the common ghosts flock

down to drink. Initiated souls avoid this water, choosing to drink instead from the pool of Memory, shaded by a white poplar,

which gives them a certain advantage over their fellows
— Robert Graves, The Greek Myths

"So," Takstang continued, "our fledgling Tradition struggled now to
frec itself from the egg. Vedavati's Dancers took a rough census, persuaded
tich Chantrics to help rebuild the war-torn ones, and Jed the Marabouts to
speak to each other often. We began to look for mages like ourselves in the
villages, and found a few among the carly Verbena there. We looked outside
for mages of the Wheel, and found Greece.

"The Sisters of Kore, the Children of Hecate, the Cretan Sybils, the
Dark Maidens of the Caspian Sea, the Nameless Sons — all servants to the
Cycle. Reincarnation formed the basis for their religion. Their priesthood
and oracles dove back and forth across the Pana into the Underworld like the
shuttle of Mother Fate. Twice a year the mages took selected, lesser
members between worlds as an honor guard for Persephone on her travels.
‘The acolytes had to find their own way home — by Awakening ~ and did so
in surprising numbers.

"Our contact with them, though brief and rare at the time, changed us
forever. The Natatapas scized the idea and made it their own. Pilgrimages to
Jama's world became a holy duty; her blessing fell on those who returned.
The fittle death, Julia, is like a winnowing flail. It separates out the weak by
killing them. It reveals the cruel by leaving them unchanged. It tests the
worthy with fear and pain, and they learn compassion. We must never send
another where we ourselves fear to go, Julia. This is our Golden Rule."

Buddhism

"Meanwhile, around us, the kingdoms and city-states of India stopped
fighting the mages' wars and fell back to their own."

Julia looked around them, puzzled. This was the most peaceful
"history lesson" yet; rolling hills and greenish-brown fields surrounded
them. They now rested on a rise above a small village, just outside a crowd
of seated peasants. Higher up, a few hetter-dressed villagers sat apart from the
rest, but all were listening intently to a stringy old man sitting under a tree
at the top of the hill.

"Hear what he says:

"When once my teacher asked us, "How Jong is a man's life?' We all
guessed — some 70, some 60, some 50. "Wrong, the old man says, ‘no.' When
we turned the question back to him, we asked, How long isa man's life?" The
old man pointed to his mouth, and like this," Takstang paused, and put his
hand in front of his face in mimicry of the old man preaching, "he says, ‘Life
is but a breath."

A teenage girl near the front of the crowd cried out and rose to her feet
apparently dazed. She asked the old man question after question, as if the
answers would never come fast enough.

"The girl is an early incarnation of Tum Goh, my teacher in this life.
This will be his first life as a Buddhist, and she will travel with the
missionaries into Tibet in her 40s. She has just Awakened.

"The man speaking is a disciple of Siddhartha Gautama, Sakyamuni
the Buddha. You are very Western, perhaps you are not familiar with his
teachings?"

"I had some comparative religion courses in college. Buddhu's a lot
like Christ," Julia said.

Four Turns of the Wheel 15


ype wy
papa0u aa ‘pu 242 uf "SaHTe se ‘sinoyooy se s2410 y>e9 Uo para "seyTIUE
xo sno pur soHeis9g ‘siaddiysiom auepunw ays "paynaasiod x28 way
pur a8 soared yss1uey ay sy ‘sovo pouayeay-un pur s2Beus Sary>n04
+peBu2g pur pepyseg ‘i2qi], uF paxoypur "yu2uryu09 ays 19K prasds anBe2q
sno ‘you 2usy & 24F7 "passed suoseas ays se uayjo se 2woy sty 28uey> 1ySrur
40 ‘wop8ary 2u0 ut 2pry 251109 sry puads syBru 2Beus Vy -asn22s pur 421295
Aqda0p s0 ap:qow pur 14811 saqur9 23am sinoqeseyy 300 "Apeas 24 24)
"sysny, 2p) Jo ssapres wrysnyy
snoy}2esy ays ‘ssosanbuoo s2889I Jo suazop ‘Ajyeury puy "suse ays pat wor8]21
Jey) Jo 2ourssreuay t Baryseds ‘sasrduro mparyy yeas8 ayp yo ssey "tadasy 24,
"uorinynsur ayes & se wsryppng Sarystyqeise "ueKsnepy ay, ways Soowe
sa8ew ‘y1 ysra yse2 ssoyeay pur sisoud ‘srewoydip "uaw Barsy1y 80r801q
"yeaus) ayy sapuexaqy Jo sey. sparp pur pasadsoud *wsoq asaa saurdw> "way
nosy "yBnor pur a1quidepe syueaesyeyry 2yp punoy sow Bar8uey—),

«YI0q JO 11g k SH AF RYE, "sapya ays pres _"DAaHpoq |,
SE SE ITY BP TYAN, "PaYSE ea EIEAY By
_-aidwea s0 18048 &

se urwAy ays inoysr urewas ue> par Asypeuossad ays sfany YHA reqs "Ff25
eas{ oy ‘s[ey 49889] 2y3 pur sweasp sno syuney 1eys sMOd INO Jo 22sNOS ays
"200 ays 01 Yury a4) ‘sAeaye Go sassed yeys [nos ayp "s]26 passes ays "uRWwAY
ayy — sued omy ut awed fnos ays pazsyeas 2m seq} "oor "AOU sta Af,
‘aypodurry pinbuess ayp ae Aysnoroedsns paouey8 ery
880509 pasoary Bo sy]
Poor) 1841} IY} pamoisrg HyUEARZyeYS) p2u2N]JuF-1sTyppng "vorease DUT
Je fooxa am 2324p "qL |, "worreasDUIDH Jo sysed 241 pur fnos 242 Jo asnseU
2y2 pasapisuo> ssapy2 sno pedayy uy "way op pynoa 24 Y>rt4a 30} suoseas 243
424240} p2Buey> 24 put "s1ad29Ig 243 01 pur so4j2ssN0 0} B04 ‘suoHearssesse
pur sBarpray sno Jo 1809 ayt paurwex 2) "pprom ay) yBnosy parour
au Kea ay) snoge Apsuas2yyrp yurys oF urBoq 244 "Aqpunoyosd nuueaesyeyr)
yt paroayye sBarypeat s,eweines) eueypprg asnedag sryp nod AOyS |,

-aew Ajoy,t jou "Seunyase
ue Ajuo we y Aya st sey] "papruss Bueisyey _"poorsiapun 2q 1 sp22u
JeY2 8141 25]9 yey 295 1OUURD J "sey OS Ing, "pray sty Susyeys pres ay *yorBeus
Surpuryssapun wey) OW st vorsus2sy "2Beur x awo22q 0} Barp220 snot
23)2040) ue aweaaq eyppng ays keys yf25Aws "Yury | "MOU 3 Bop | zvOIsUDDSy
1 S{ 00ray{qo 40 saowuayyBipu9 eueasTNy sf {at Buxpads 40 241 Bur{Jox:U0
{At apssaq Surpueis 10 frayqy yp Burdeaso st sy gwOpooyy st reyAN

_qwopaasy swes8 we> 45 yur 1,9op No -sosqaAa ue pastes expn{
~ PUA
3} Wosy Wopraxy pastwoud 15 :yu2uTG9)481;09 pue Boreyrpaus "22e2d yorad
0} suosoas1p [fe Us [518 yeYs 2xB] SatseGOHsstw yuIs 4F :uBs2s sty JO sme] YT
isn 2yeus 0} eYOsy sosadus9 243 pasrdsur 41 swosyewOFax apUrEY 2y3 payseds
J] 'S1998 Jye yo — soBeur ays vada pur ‘s2zqou ays "yjoy BOWUO? ays YBnosys
uty aysy prauds wstyppng ‘sea paspuny x1s 40 aary sxoU 2Y) JO
-pauaisty pur "uasppry sraqs SurAang pur
aseastp "sit Jo yrs 210m 2pdoad ayy puy nod puryag 227 ssapsauows ays
aneaq par suory2oqu09 jnyured asayp sn pur 2yeyrpow ue nox "ade2so.ur> nok,
‘pres put Asyuno> 241 yBnorys Bares ssouyors pur yprap ayp As ‘siUIWyDRH,
‘pres pue Sursajyns axes ‘sasisap, "pres pue sea ses eyppng 2q],,

"PUPP ay) 24F] aps] e sea sy NOX "parur saws By],

SOLYNVHLAG

oI


"Because with the Muslims came the Ahl-i-Batin, Celestials and
other, more warlike wizard-priests. To them, we were demons in human
guise. Islam is no more forgiving of the Craft than Christianity or Judaism,

and when the offender is also an assassin..." Takstang spread his hands wide.
"It nearly started another war. The Consanguinity saw all Muslims as devils
for a generation. With time, though, the Muslims learned to tolerate the

Hindu religion, and we all learned to avoid each other.

First Samashti
History is the essence of innumerable biographies
— Thomas Carlyle, On History

Takstang and Julia sat on a low stone bench, shaded by a blue-and-white
striped awning, Before them lay a hot, sualit courtyard bounded by stuccoed
and tiled buildings on all sides. Julia sneezed.

"This is the western year 1313, in Isfahan, Persia — what you know as
Tran," Takstang said.

To their left, just off-center in the wall, was an elegant, painted double
archway (with practical, foot-thick wooden doors). Through these arches
came one man ona horse, dusty and trailworn, He called out and was answered
by cheerful shouts throughout the compound. One voice kept on yelling,
becoming clearer. Smiling and laughing, the red-bearded speaker bounded
down a stairway opposite the watchers.

"Sirdar Rustam, the Amir al-Karwan, Pyrrhus Zagreus — patriarch of
a Zoroastrian merchant house, and the greatest traveler of our kind in this era.
He has journeyed as far south as Chibuene, as far north as Scarborough, as
farcast as Kyoto. If the New World had been recorded at this time, he would
have gone there also. His was the inspiration that led to our Chodana."

The visitor, on his own feet now, stood by Rustam watching a stream
of camels, horses and donkeys file through the gate. Skipping children
herded the animals toa lesser gate at the threshold of a hard-packed dirt floor
scattered with straw. Rustam waved the newcomers into wallhouses.

"The Sirdar Awakened on his first trading voyage to India. An
Untouchable woman healed a sword cut that should have taken him. Her
cabal taught him basic magick, and a little of our history.

"Throughout our existence, outsiders entered India and joined our
sects — Grecks in Alexander's embassy, heretics hidden among the Muslim
warriors, Africans with trading vessels on the Indian Ocean. The hints and
legends fired Rustam's imagination. He was among the first of our kind to
think of a world of mages, rather than a country or sect. He set out to find
the Tenders of the Wheel wherever legend hinted at them, hoping to create
a network between Chantries and divisions around the globe...or rather,
around Europe, Asia and Africa. His Earth is flat, you see."

Takstang snapped his fingers, and the courtyard flickered with lamplight
and torches, Rings of cushions, small chairs and rugs dotted the pavement,
surrounding braziers and platters of meat, fruit, flatbreads and pastries.
Representatives of at least three cultures that Julia could recognize, more that
she couldn't, sat in the circles. There were Indians of every shade in
everything from gold robes to loincloths; olive-skinned Greeks in close-
fitting work clothes, Turkish garb or white toge-like dresses; red-faced,
sweaty Celts in deerskins and wool plaids.

"It's a party?" quavered Julia.

"Of course. Persia is renowned for hospitality. Rustam isa rich man of
a generous houschold — and he has an agenda. No business will be discussed

tonight, but he has separated the delegations and his own consors and family
among the circles. Many bonds will form as they chat and drink together."
He stood up, waiting for her to follow, and commented:

"It is not for nothing that the founders of your Sons of Liberty were
a silversmith, a doctor and a brewer. Also, you must know," he said, "half of
white necromancy is throwing a party good enough to raise the dead."

He smiled and led her between the rings of feasters, singling out
delegates along the way.

"Chalech, from India." Dark, hawk-nosed, dressed in tight indigo
robes, the Chakravanti peered suspiciously at a lump of green vegetable, then
bit it. "Ancient now, he will retain this incarnation for another two centuries
at least, and lead the Euthanatos at the Grand Convocation." Chalech
nodded, chewing with an expression of pleasant surprise. The watchers
moved on.

"Penthilus," said Takstang, pausing by a middle-aged, bearded man in
brown Jeather and unbleached linen. "A healer. Nearly drowned off of Crete
five years ago, he was rescued by an unknown mage. Rustam recruited him as
ascout, and he convinced the Greek Underworld cults to come here. He goes
to India afterward, to see Calcite. He decides his heart lies with the Ecstatics,
not us, and joins the Scers. They name him Teiresias."

"Persephatta." Julia looked down on a dark-haired, pale gir! in her
teens. The Greek's eyes were large, black and sunken, her aspect gloomy.
"Very prophetic, very wise, but always a little touched with Jhor, with the
death-taint." Takstang gestured to the next ring.

"Scan Gallagher." A young, nervous man with red-gold hair sat watch
ing Persephatta in stunned, worshipful silence. "He, Polig Wightbinder and
Tan-from-the-Rock claimed to be the only members of the Celtic cults
present. However, in their retinue, the true heads of the delegation hide:
Genevieve Hartshorne and Bened of the House of Pwyll, disguised as
servants for fear of witch-hunters and betrayal. This does not endear the Celts
to the Greeks, but the Sirdar and Indians applaud them for their caution."

"Aganippe." An angular, coltish woman in her 40s looked up, almost
at them. Her grizzled hair hung plaited down her back, and as she turned back
to her companions it thumped solidly on the strong muscles of her
shoulders. "A farmwife and fighter from Albania. She says little here, and
scholars are wont to ignore her. I think this is a mistake; the Pomegranate
Deme chooses its Triops wisely — there must be a reason she was sent that
we are missing."

"Chlidanope." Wispy gray hair wreathed a face made entirely of
wrinkles and smiles. Two jet-black eyes twinkled out at the rest of her circle,
"She dies on the journey back to Greece and never sees the document
confirmed. The Sirdar feared for her health and offered her comfort and rest
as his adopted mother, but Chlidanope returned to her duties. His heart
broke at the news, and he left on for Africa in the hope of finding
forgetfulness and the mages of Great Zimbabwe. He never returned."

"The samashti lasted 18 months. The messengers and debates lasted far
longer — each sect had other values or concepts they wanted defined or
required within the Law. You should know that at the beginning, most of the
delegates agreed on the basis of these principles, but they took the next
decade to be ultimately certain that the other sects understood them in
exactly the same way. The version of the Chakra: Dharma written here stands
for a ceatury. It is broken open and revised at the Grand Convocation."

Four Turns of the Wheel 17


The Bight Spokes of the Wheel 6f the Law:

Tl

Before the eye,
and death, a
before all powers that th

_Prevabhnava

We testify to the existence of a Cycle of birth,
death and rebirth that pervades the cosmos with its
thythm, We testify that the souls of humankind and
all animate beings are conducted through this Cycle
toward an eventual end. We testify that this Cycle is
the Law of the universe. We swear to support this
Cycle, and prevent its stagnation or corruption.

Hiranyagargha

We believe in the fundamental unity of all thar
exis nd that Creation springs from One original
source, to which it will return. We further state that
all animate beings carry within them the pure seed of
this original source, no matter how corrupt their
outer shell might be.

Kala
We avow that De ind Entropy are part of the

ural Cycle, and that all things must eventually
decay to dust so as to return to the womb of the
universe. We accept this as part of our existence, and
vow that we shall not cause ourselves undue pain in
a futile battle with this principle. Rather, we shall
harness the endless Wheel of Time and the secret
Web of Fate as our allies in guarding the structure of
the universe.

Gopaya

We have been given our insight and power for a
purpose: to be guardians of humankind and of the
world, This is oursacred duty from which we will stray
only on pain of death and the loss of our souls. We will
guard the Wheel and those caught in its thrall,
regardless of the danger to our mortal existences or
the'suffering itmay cause us.

LB

e€ Chakra-Dharma

heaven we write this code: We, who know the dance of life
ho have been chosen to guard the Wheel of the world, do avow
is our Law, to be held sacred forever.

Sadhana

One can not remain pure without being con-
trolled of the senses and the spirit. Hence, we vow to
always seek our own spiritual betterment. We shall
practice the rites, sing the sacred songs, and subject
ourselves to trials to strengthen the body and will. We
will resist the temptations of desire, no matter in
which form they come to us,

Daya

It is impossible for us to complete our duty if we
close our hearts to the suffering in the world around
us, To attempt such would be to open our doors to
corruption and evil. Thus, we must never close our
eyes to the pain of others, or to the pain our own
actions cause.

Tyaga

Since action done for pleasure andoni

own gain.
carries with it always the danger of corruption, we
all forego such action. Ourduty be done in the
name of the cosmos, and offered in sacrifice to the
cosmos. We shall eschew action that is created purely
by ourdesires, forsuch action would threaten our souls

and our duties.

Diksha

One can not properly enter a new life without a
death, and one can not serve that which one does
understand. All who care to join our number, as part
of their rite of entry, before they receive their names,
or their mantras, or their sacred tools, must walk on

the otheraide of le <They muse laycurled wichin che
belly of death and return to us before we will count

them in our number.

ead

ad


Council

Stagnant is dead.

— Ninja proverb

"Outside our ranks, the world does not stop; the Convention of the
White Tower organized the Order of Reason in the late 1320s. The forces
of stagnation gripped the Gauntlet between the shadow worlds and our own,
In Europe, the Ascension War devoured its first victims.

"In 1447, while visiting the Deme Chantry house in Corone, Greece,
Chalech received a visitor, Teiresias Penthilus. He asked to arrange a
meeting between the Indian and an Ecstatic seer whom he would not name.
He did not explain how he knew the archmage was there, but Chalech trusted
him and agreed.

"The scer was Sh'zar. His message: In ten years, there would be a
gathering of mages to form a government. Those who joined would grow,
those who did not would dwindle. "You must make the first step,' he said,
‘or you will never be accepted. Our two lincages have grown together with
the years. They cross now, and I hope forever. I want you to walk forward
with us. Go to Rome, Chalech, and wait upon our coming: go to Rome and
we will meet you there."

i he Urrand Convocation
Takstang's voice reverberated through empty marble halls. The hot,
noisy courtyard had vanished, and Julia had hardly noticed. Her tutor found
2 seat on the edge of a stone planter and fell silent.

‘The apprentice glanced around curiously. "I know where we are. This
is the corridor between the Archives and the Great Hall. We're back on
Horizon. I think I know this part, if the Council formation happens next.

"Everyone talks for nine years, figuring out who's in what Tradition
and what Sphere they specialize in, who's going to be in what seat on the
Council and so forth. Then they each pick a representative to join the First
Cabal, which goes out to find mages around the world and recruit them to
one Tradition or another. The Solificato betrays the Nine, and the Solificati
dissolve into history."

She shrugged. "Senex bought six dozen copies of The Fragile Path."

"That will do," remarked her companion, leaning against the polished
wall. "But there are gaps in Master Porthos' history, things only the
Euthanatos remember. Let me show you more faces. Come sit here."

Julia hopped awkwardly onto the ledge. Echoes of footsteps and words
pattered down the hall.

"The first new allies of the Chakravanti were the Africans," said
Takstang.

A tight cluster of some 80 black men and women walked into view,
some dignified, some timid, some belligerent. Tourist-like, a few near the
rear of the procession tapped the walls with curiosity. Julia glimpsed red and
yellow striped drapery, complex wooden ornaments and white and blue
flapping robes. Gold flashed on wrists, ankles and foreheads, as the proces-
sion passed.

"I remember this from the day the main group arrived, sticking
together out of familiarity — and in answer to the open racism of some of

the white mages. These people come from the Ivory, Grain and Gold Coasts.
There were several civilizations close together there, quite complex, with
cities. It puzzles me, but though the Arya were close to the Earth and kin to
Dreamspeakers, those who join the Chakravanti always begin in cities. We
are born of plagues.

"Chalech and Master Baldric of the Order of Hermes had succeeded
in sending word throughout Africa by way of the trade routes. West Africa's
mages answered the call. Half of these mages joined the Dreamspeakers,
Verbena, Cult and Ahl-i-Batin. A large number formed their own Tradition
— the Ngoma —which did not survive the Convocation. A handful of others
came to us.

"Four necromancers came from Great Zimbabwe. Their Ngoma cous-
ins avoided them, even as we were shunned. These delegates arrived late,
speaking only broken Arabic and thcir own tongue. They asked repeatedly
for ziirdah rostum — the Sirdar Rustam, who had never returned. The four
stayed long enough to join in the name of their entire sect. Then they left,
promising more contact later. There was none."

"What happened?" asked Julia.

‘Takstang shook his head sadly. "No one knows. They tell me the city
had died by 1500. Later, their descendants took the name Ta Kiti and joined
our fellowship."

Softer steps came toward them. Seven red:skinned, black haired men
in loincloths crept along the corridor, nervously watching their reflections
in the floor. Each carried a cloth-wrapped bundle on his back.

"Those are the Mayans. To this day, the archivists don't know exactly
how they learned of the Grand Convocation, nor how they made their way
to the Paths the Verbena opened in North America.

"When the language barrier had fallen, they made it understood that
they and the majority of the Mayan mages had broken with the nobility and
priesthood of their home — kings and priests who sacrificed civilians to the
gods by the thousands. The Convocation sympathized heartily, throwing a
few harsh looks at us and the Verbena. The Dreamspeakers welcomed them
as their own.

"In time, a few Choristers approached the Maya, comforting them for
the terror they must have felt while participating in such horrendous crimes.
Gradually, the Choristers realized that the Mayan mages weren't shocked by
the sacrifices themselves — the newcomers objected to the scale and scope
of the carnage, not the ritual itself. Ritual murder, they claimed, was often
the will of the gods. The Chorus denounced them, the Speakers politely
withdrew, and the Chakravanti embraced them."

The Leaders

The line of walkers filed away, leaving one man behind. Takstang
waved at the man's image, and the Mayan came closer, changing. Half his
facial scars and piercings disappeared. The phantom rippled, and now wore
tight-fitting, black, European clothes with his old jewelry, weapons and

fetishes over top.

Four Turns of the Wheel 19


20

EUTHANATOS

=

"Black Jaguar," said Takstang. "He adapted quickly to life on Horizon
— by far the best linguist and diplomat of his delegation. The others learned
Arabic and Latin only through his persistence."

The American faded away. Julia recognized the next man immediately.
Gray-haired yet unbowed, the hawk-nosed Natatapas had changed little since
the First Samashti. "Chalech. Old in Isfahan, ancient here. First Primus of
the Euthanatos, and the cement holding our creed solid before the opposi
tion of the other Traditions."

Three women replaced him. The oldest stood austere and quccnly to
one side, draped in deep-gray damask. Over her deeprset eyes and high
forchead, her hair grew pure white. The middle, gently rounded figure half
folded her arms, conversing with some unseen person. Suddenly, she
stamped her foot and waved her free hand, shaking her kerchicfed head
emphatically. The youngest, dark and shapely, looked on, smiling at the
invisible one with carnivorous overtones.

"The Triops of the Pomegranate Deme, Persephatta, now the Crone
and still more a Cassandra; Metiadusa, the midwife gossip who made us so
many friends among the Verbena; Pheodora, the girl, companion to Cygnus
Moro and the last person to make a significant change to the Chodana,

"Fate and Karma were separate ideas to us before her debates. Only 15
when the Convocation began, she would stand in the middle of the East
Court taking any questions, refuting all objections thoroughly." Takstang
turned to Julia and continued sternly: "She would be worth your further
study. The Old Man does not teach her speeches the way he should."

The apprentice nodded, but when she looked back to fix the Greek
image's face in her memory, it was gone. An older, plainer girl in a faded green
and yellow dress stared back at her shyly

"Our Celtic allies could not attend in great numbers or for very Jong.
All their lands had been conquered. Though older mages came as they could,
the only one who lived here was one cighteen-year-old orphan spinster with
poor fighting skills and little magickal ability.

"What she did have were thousands of questions and an cidetic
memory. The Thistle of Pwyll sat silent for the entire first year, listening
intently. She learned Latin, Greek, Hindu and Arabic without saying a word.
Then, one evening in February, she started throwing contradictions back at
their creators. She never abandoned an idea until she thought all the loose
ends were free of it, never let the Chakravanti wriggle away until the conflict
was solved, never backed down for fear of confrontation or loss of face. An
open battle erupted over the question of her right to accuse a fellow mage of
Nephandism. Each mage she questioned thought she was accusing someone
specific, perhaps himself, you see. A frustrated, paranoid mob marched her
to Chalech, who had the wits to ask if the question were rhetorical."

"Was it?" Julia asked.

"Then, yes. But she picked out 20 suspicious people outside the
Tradition and found five spies among us — one Templar, three barabbi and
a Hermetic from Doisettep — over the course of the Convocation. After
that, Persephatta taught the Thistle to be discreet when she found them. It
saved us trouble with the other sects, but in the end, I think it killed her. She
was found beneath the stairs to the observatory with her throat torn out, and
no ghost remained to answer Chalech''s questions. The Thistle had found one
contradiction too many, and kept it to herself."

The Welsh devil's advocate disappeared.

"Even with our newfound solidarity, a finished and signed document
attesting to our ethics, and the leadership of these you have seen, we had a hard
fight fora seat on the Council. Fortunately, Chalech and Pheodora provided
us a secret weapon."

Out of the shadows to their right strolled a tall, slim man. He paused
to gaze down at Julia with deep, liquid-brown eyes. The apprentice caught
herself blushing, then forced herself to stare back analytically. It wasn't, she
realized, that he was particularly handsome. It was more that his whole soul
seemed to surface in his face, defenseless yet overpowering. Julia shook her
head to clear it.

"Haroun — Cygnus Moro," Takstang said. "Helpful in persuading the
necromantic factions to work together, essential as an ambassador to the
other Tradition leaders — even those who disapproved of his lifestyle. His
charisma struck like lightning.

"When it came time to name our alliance, carly on, some of the

Chakravanti leaders balked. They held that, as the Hindus were the largest

and best organized shard of the whole, the others should join them and keep
the old title. Moro soothed their wounded pride. He suggested that the
Chodana be written officially in Sanskrit, then invented a name that all the
sects would vote for: Euthanatos, the Good Death.

"He convinced the Indians to share their wisdom. He praised the
Greek cults and their custom of choosing leaders only for specific locations
and occasions. He adopted the Thistle as a kind of sister, and coaxed the
Africans into sharing their ghost-calling tricks. All of these things became
cornerstones of our Art and culture.

"Even with all these things on our side, the Convocation would have
rejected us. Only when the Scers of Chronos and Verbena spoke for our
cause did the tide turn. Years of goodwill, charity and individual friend:
ships, not magickal feats or pretty oratory, won us the seat,. Remember
Gopaya and Daya from the Chodana, Julia, and never miss a chance to help
another in need." The elderly Euthanatos paused. "And keep an eye on them
while you do."

Euthanatos

The tearoom manifested around them. Outside its walls Vajra's day
had ended, and the sky shone a dusky, radiant blue. Takstang set a match to
an oil lamp hanging by a chain from the ceiling.

"The Euthanatos elected Cygnus Moro to the First Cabal unani:
mously, and he fulfilled our trust. Necromancers and healers flocked to our
banner — not in great numbers, for there are few of our kind anywhere, but
enough. With the Ahl-i-Batin and others still actively working against us,
every single mage was a gain. It was very exciting. The consors and apprentices
followed reports of the Nine like America's children follow the World
Series. And so, when the heralds brought the news of the Betrayal to
Horizon, a virtual army volunteered for the rescue mission. Behind Akrites
Salonikas and the others we stormed the Order of Reasons stronghold, but
it was already too late, Akrites, Chalech and Metiadusa picked the Balance
Bringer's body out of the wreckage — cold and stiff, long gone for his next
life.

"To our astonishment, he was a hero. Tortured, Haroun had not
broken. Even dying he kept the Council's secrets. By association, the entire
Tradition was vindicated. Nonsense, of course, but we were not ones to
complain! Hermetic mages and Abl-i-Batin, who never spoke to ‘the murder-
ers' otherwise, attended the funeral in tears. Cygnus Moro had won one last
battle for Chalech.

"The third Coumatha, begun at the Isfahan Samashti, was finally

over."

Rebirth (1466 - 1900)

"Twenty-two years later, Columbus sailed to the Americas. Colonial-
ism gripped Europe. Explorers set out to the New World, Africa and Asia for
god, gold and glory. The fever for discovery and conquest drove the
‘enlightened' men of the Renaissance to crimes as terrible as any Crusader's
confession. And this was the world we were born into."

Takstang angrily flicked his wrist. Suddenly the two sat high on the
vertiginous edge of a tall stone platform, looking out on red-painted

pyramids. Julia grabbed for a handhold and stared. Jungle strangled the city
below; moss grew beneath her fingers.

"This is a Maya city. It has no name today. The year is 1680, and the
Maya have been nearly wiped out. Just as the Euthanatos had begun to gain
ground against the massacres, just as they spread the lessons learned at
Council north to the Aztecs and south to the Inca, the Europeans came. Now
betrayed by the conquistadors, wracked by disease, the people work for
Spanish masters. They forget their culture in hard labor and pain, The
Catholic priests burn the native scrolls, destroying any hope that the
remnants of this society will remember how to read the ancient language. The
Christians lead the people to churches, and the old gods sicken, Even their
Underworld warps and dies, and the mages can do nothing to save the dead."

A lone figure strode out of the thicker jungle behind the pyramid. He
rattled a gourd in one hand and a string of bones in the other. He walked a
circle in the middle of the plaza. The grass in the circle vanished, and he cried
aloud words not quite in Spanish.

"In West Africa, the Ibo and Akan Euthanatos struggle with slavery.
Thousands die on their way to market. Mages cannot be caught for long —
not while Entropy and rust exist, not while the ghosts of their ancestors
watch over them. At the beginning, they concentrate on fighting their
people's abductors."

Slowly, other people left the shadow of the forest. They were blacks,
amerinds, and a few whites. The men carried loose fistfuls of sticks, small
sacks, and dark bottles. The women carried small children on their backs and
hips, leading older ones by the hand.

"Then, one by one, the bravest among them make the greatest sacrifice
of their lives. They let themsclves be taken, smuggling Talismans and
healing aids onto ships, ministering to the dying. Some fall to the same trials
that doom their patients. Some find allies as Sleepers Awaken in fever
dreams."

‘The men dropped their sticks in to the center of the cleared space and
stepped back. The women loosed the children and arranged food on fallen

Four Turns of the Wheel 21


masonry. The first man began to chant, and the pile of wood blazed up as a
bonfire.

"The Ibo and Akan keep their faith alive and hidden in the New World.
On plantations above and below the equator, the West African slaves mect
secretly to worship without the knowledge of their masters. Eventually, the
religion is forgotten in the North, but on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico
it changes and thrives. Ibo, Akan, Maya and Aztec work with each other. In
time they blend. A hundred local cults spring up — never wasting any good
god they find and yet making each their own — and Euthanatos watch over
them with care. You have heard of these, shravaka, as Santeria and Voudun.
A new Craft, the Bata', rises from these ashes, but our people are among
them, too. Wherever death holds sway, we endure."

The Old World

‘Takstang waved away the jungle. "Greece, Macedonia and Albania fell
to the Turks even as the Grand Convocation ended. This saved them from
the Inquisition, but not from the Moslem rulers. The pagans were converted
or killed. Sacred groves were cut for timber, and caves into the Underworld
were turned into shrines or blocked away.

"India, too, was ruled from Constantinople. For us, it was a blessing:
the Turks practiced more tolerance here, where so many of the Faith already
lived. But first the Portuguese and then the British bought, stole and
conquered Mother India, and we suffered.

"Perhaps you know of the Thuggee myths? Demon-worshippers stran
gling for pleasure and sacrifice? Mad, Kali-worshipping members of the
Indian resistance? Mercenary robbers and murderers, killing for the highest

d

g
Z
¥
z
1 rey

price and lowest motives? We fell among the second breed. | cannot tell you
for certain who the rest were. Ordinary rebels must have been the greater part
of them, but the Sleepers have other allies and...shepherds..in India, The
shapechangers, vampires, demons and ghosts had their hand in those dark
dealings — they still do and always have. The Consanguinity broke away
from our leadership and took up the noose and the knife. Although some of
us grew concerned, we had many other worries.

"To our shame, many Chakravanti stopped testing their victims'
hearts. They assassinated for revenge, killed to control, and murdered in large
quantity. When challenged, they started leaving, quietly, in tiny clusters. At
a secret samashti, they formed a new society, the Bombay Apad-Dharma,
which means ‘the necessary laxity of the Law when survival is at stake."
Founded with the best of intentions, the new group abandoned the Chodana
without creating a new ethic to limit their actions. They slipped very slowly
into corruption, but in the end, only five good souls escaped the Fall. The
Apad-Dharma are our most personal enemies among the Nephandi. Kill
them if you find them, or they shall certainly destroy you."

Industrialization and the Romantic
Rebellion

"The Celts had been conquered but not defeated. Converted to
Christianity, they gave their old gods halos and feastdays. In Scotland, the
subject people provided royalty for their conquerors. When Irish Gaelic was

outlawed, the people of Eire taught their children to speak in the hedges, But
one plague bested the Euthanatos of the north, the worst in history: Progress.


"Science itself, Julia, is not evil. Remember that. Technomancy is only
another magick, used without wisdom; technology is another hedge sorcery
common to the people.

"The purposes to which the Order of Reason's advances were put were
evil. Faith became the only defense the Sleepers had against slums, pollu
tion, factories, child-labor, disease, poverty and ignorance. The Potato
Famine overcame us in Ireland, and the second wave of Euthanatos landed on
the Isles of St. Brendan.

"The clockwork world hit all Euthanatos hard. Paradox grew; our cures
tured back upon us. Technology's medicine was more expensive than
witching, and our poor patients died. As leaders became committees, it
became harder for us to find the men who gave the orders to kill us. With the
Order of Reason entrenched in the schools of Europe, more and more of our
enemies became simple Sleepers who knew no better — people we would not
kill.

"Then one ray of hope appeared. Listen:

"The Order of Reason holds the world like a fistful of sand — it
trickles between their fingers and moves faster the tighter it is held. The Age
of Enlightenment strips superstition and old wives' tales from the civilized.

Yet in their hearts, most Sleepers know there are things in the Darkness, and
their monkey-nature both fears them and longs to learn enough to defend
itself. Perhaps we can steal the sand without opening the hand.'

"Those are Senex's words from the Samashti of 1832. He was inspired
by the young men —and women —who refused to bow to progress' gods, who
held up the skull, the cup and the poet's heart as shelters against the cold iron
of industrialization, With their tales of passion, death and longing, these
writers brought the shadows to plain paper and passed them to the Sleepers.

"And the Sleepers responded. They rioted. They wept. They drowned
themselves in absinthe and dusted off dark secrets. They rebelled. The
Romantics, as these writers and artists came to be called, inspired Senex with
aplan to weaken the Order's hold. Few things survive Time well. Stone, yes.
Ast, sometimes. Literature, always, even if itis broken and reused by other
nations. We found painters, pocts, playwrights and novelists with ‘old souls'
and helped them in small ways — luck, patronage, a sympathetic car,
encouragement without interference. To this day, the rebellion continues. If
it's true that the Hollow Ones are spiritual descendants of T.S. Eliot, we
may someday find we have birthed a second Tradition.

"Pray it fares better than the first," finished the Primus darkly.

Four Turns of the Wheel 23


Last Coumatha

The world is too much with us; late and soon,

Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers.

Little we see in nature that is ours;

We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon!

— William Wordsworth

‘The air grew still, dark and foul. A burning mist scorched Julia's throat
and nostrils. As her stomach spasmed, caught between breathing and not
breathing, the Primus spoke.

"The followers of Kali speak of the Age of Iron, the final era when the
Dark Mother walks, destroying what is and making way for what is to come.
Some say that Age is upon us now, and I will not say it is not. The iron the
sutras foretold is everywhere these days, and it grinds bodies even as it pulps
the souls left behind. There are those who claim the world is run by the
Technocracy. I believe they are wrong. Behind the grit of smoke and ash, 1
hear the laughter of Naraki.

"World War puts machine guns, mustard gas and grenades in the hands
of men. These soldiers and their leaders refuse to understand that their new:
found toys mean death on unimaginable scales. In one day —one day! — over
10,000 men are killed. The Wheel tilts on its axis, then, and it slips from our
hands. The hands of Euthanatos, and the hands of all mankind.

"Astorm of unimaginable size begins in the Shadowlands, and it picks
up strength in a way no other Maelstrom ever has. The Chakravanti knew of
small storms, black typhoons that raged through the ghost kingdoms; the
surviving Maya recalled strange turmoil after the coming of the whites and
smallpox; the Celts and Greeks remembered greater tempests, but nothing
compares to the ghost-whirlwinds that spin in the wake of World War I."
Time buckled and shifted beneath Julia's feet again. "As Restless souls
sought shelter in our Marabouts, we learned what we could from them.

"In 1942 one of our number, Michael ‘Firecracker' McPherson, gave
sanctuary to a strange ghost, an Austrian wraith fleeing the Shadowlands of
the Continent. Tattooed on the wraith's body were words in archaic French,
English, Italian and Greek, but with new names and modern things in the
text,

"The children of Abraham and of Daenna,' read the tattoos, ‘are dying
before their time. They are shorn, naked, whipped, starved, frozen and
broken. Their bodies smolder even beyond the grave. The Germans have
slaughtered them by gas and slavery. These two peoples will be destroyed. I
have writ this on the body of Fritz Auchmann in hope that one who can See
will know.'

"McPherson came to Council with the news. They turned him away,

"The Council broke?" Julia blurted.

"For nearly five years, we stood at odds with our cousins," Takstang
said, nodding. The air had taken on the black reck of burned skin. "As a

EUTHANATOS

Ws )

i "Vig 1

yay) Pal


AA

Tradition, we could not wait for the others to rally. What the Traditions
would not do united, we did as individuals. The Euthanatos scattered into
hunting parties and began to prune the tree on all sides. We had plenty of
work to do, and many of our kind died.

"As medics, spies and soldiers, Euthanatos entered the field. We forgot
our feuds with the Akashics and the Order of Hermes; we fought side by side
with the Ahl-i-Batin. In time, we discovered the Naraki dancing up to their
knees in blood, tugging robes on all sides of the war and leading hateful men
to greater and greater horrors. Still later, we wove a great ritual in a German
castle, ritual that funneled the energy of a thousand angry souls into a spirit
fire that swept the Nephandi masters away. | was there for that great battle,
and was the eldest of our kind to survive."

Takstang bit his lips, frowning thoughtfully. "Tomorrow, Julia, you
shall hear terrible things about us, and many will be true. When you cannot
think of a reason to be proud of us, or of what lies between your Tradition
and the Abyss, remember that our necromancy uncovered the sins of the
Third Reich. Remember that every onc of us came willing to die to put an end
to it.

"Except the House of Helekar," finished the Primus bitterly.
Now
"And so, today.

"The Technocracy's beneficence grants genocide in Bosnia, Rwanda,

Iraq, China, so long speeding lives into the world, struggles to rd itself of
the excess, Miracles of science keep souls past their time in one buildingand
design new weapons to destroy them in the next. Drugs mad Tantrikas would
never dare to consume are sold to infants every day. The poor suffer;
technology is rich magick. The wealthy prosper and grow dryly old, self
absorbed, incapable of understanding why their children don't wish to live.

"Worst of all, strange hunters walk the streets. The soullessness of
vampires I can understand, but the empty hearts of this new breed, the serial
killers, mystify me. Are they ours — the descendants of the Bombay Apad-
Dharma? Some other barabbi we have forgotten? Ghouls or werewolves?
Creations of the Nephandi or the Technocracy, perhaps? Or are they human
agents of the Age of Iron, mortal children of Kali? I cannot say.

"Among the so very enlightened ranks of mages, the news isas bad. The
Council may have nine Primii around the Table Cenacle, but we play
musical chairs with the Seats. I could understand this, if the Tellurian held
enough players for the game. Tomorrow Helekar's misdeeds will be draped
around our necks, and I cannot sce whether the weight will overcome us. The
Euthanatos position on the Council is in danger, and not only have I not
accomplished my goals, 1 no longer hope that I shall five to see them
realized. My visions fade."

Julia shook off her fatigue, confused. Had she, she wondered, just
heard the Rimpoche predict his own death? The ancient Indian sighed, got
to his feet wearily, and opened the door of the tearoom. He waited to face her.

"You are going to have to tell me the future, little shravaka, not the
other way around."

Four Turns of the Wheel



Iribunal
nner Workings

Thou shalt not kill

Exodus 20.13

At long last, the cell fell silent. Theora, at first shy and suspicious, had
found her voice. Under Mitzi's gentle prompting, she spun out the story of
her life. Four hours had passed, and now the torrent of words, terror and
hatred ceased. Theora sat quietly on her splintery wooden chair, hands limp,
cyes fixed hopelessly on a point in empty space. Mitzi suddenly realized that
this was probably the first time in the young woman's Jife that anyone had
ever listened to her.

Mitzi made her decision.

pprenticeships

"Were you initiated through near-death experience by Voormas?"

Pain swept over Theora's face, and she nodded.

"Were you taught the Chodana?"

The prisoner nodded again.

"Recite it," commanded Mitzi, digging in her briefcase, "please, as
close to the words he taught you as possible."

Theora sat up straight, clasped her hands together, closed her eyes, and
recited in a monotonous drone. The silver pen flashed six times, hastily
recording changes, omissions and alterations. With each note, the writer's
frown grew deeper. Gone was all mention of "guardians of mankin
closing hearts," or "danger of corruption." After the eighth Spoke of the
Wheel, she laid down her pen, composed herself and turned back to the girl.

"Does that help?" asked Theora.

ever

"No, actually it doesn't." Mitzi grimaced. "By initiating you into the
Euthanatos, Voormas made himself responsible for your actions; he was
your teacher and advisor and could be held criminally liable for any
wrongdoing of yours, particularly if they were committed under his direc:
tion. Our Tradition believes in very long apprenticeships and close relations
between master and student — there's always a danger that a newly initiated
mage may go rogue. The teacher is responsible for tracking down and
destroying his own mistakes.

"But once the new Euthanatos has been taught the Chodana and has
demonstrated that he or she understands it completely, she's considered a
full member of the Chakravanti community, and is held responsible for her
deeds."

She paused, biting her lip. "I was hoping you'd never heard of the
Chodana so I could get by on the technicality — claiming that you were still
an apprentice. Unfortunately, you have your Chodana memorized."

Theors narrowed her eyes, hesitant but curious. The girl was very
observant.

"Yes, Theora. Your Chodana. It's nothing like the real thing. Strictly
speaking, neither you nor any other of Voormas' followers are Euthanatos."

The young assassin's cyes brimmed with tears.

"Oh, no, no!" Mitzi exclaimed. "Don't get upset." She knelt down
beside the old chair and patted the girl's shoulders.
That's not our way."

Ve won't abandon you.


ne

AY isions

T never lock the dogs when the wolf is in the darkness

— White Zombie,

Most folks call them "d
reason. But what bind
answer, frightening as
died, Ps

DiksharAwakening Through Death

Most Euthanatoi first peek through the Curtain on.
etheir deathbeds — their first deathbeds. Near-death
experiences (N.D.E.s) are common in the World of
Darkness, and many Chakravanti recover from some
near-fatal encounter with a new lease on life and a new
twist on reality. Chakravanti mentors watch for poten-
tial recruits near battlefields, hospitals or suicide "hot
spots," looking to turn a wasted life around,

Other Thanatoies come toa deliberate end through
initiation. Sought out by Euthanatoi mentors, they un-
dergo an initial Diksha rite, passing down through
magickal or mundane means, When the initiate returns,
he's greeted by the mentor and given a "rebirth
me and begins his

jages," and with good
thanatos to death? The
be, issimple: He has already

ns

party"; there, he chooses a new
mystick training.

Some Chakravanti mingle mystery with N.D.E.s,
Fatal brushes with vampires or ghosts, mystickal a i
nations and other supernatural "had deaths" kindle a
connection to the Underworld, A person brought back
from the dead under such circumstances might gravitate
toward the Euthanatoi.on principle — or might find
them waiting for him. (Look out, Fox Moulder!)

Regardless of the Diksha, a reborn attitude is essen-
tial. Council Euthanatoi require a commitment to life
sparked by the nearness of death, Sometimes the Jhor is
too strong or the vision too warped to create a good
initiate. In that case, it is the mentor's responsibly to
ensure that the corrupted initiate never
magickally or otherwise — again.

kens —

Avatars
"\ .

There's a voice lingering by the "tunnel of light" so
many, sce before the Underworld opens; sometimes the
voiee is Soft, melodic and comforting; other times, it's

ee

Real Solution #9"

harsh, demanding, terrifying. In either case, that voice
bespeaks the Thanatoic Avatar, adeath figure who returns
to the living world alongside the reborn mage and councils
him throughout his new life.

Some Thanatoic Avatars appear as dead siblings or
beloved grandparents, particularly if the mage Awakens
while fairly young. An older Euthanatos may be pushed
around by ancestral spirits, especially if he belongs to a
tribal society. The vast majority of necromancers, how-
r, sees its Avatar as a god or death spirit: the angel
‘ael, the raven Badb Catha, Orpheus or Charon,
Valkyries or devas, the skeletal Reaper or Baron Samedi,
Shiva or Kali. Some Euthanatoi even see their Avat
totem animals or Vertigo Comics characters. The theme
of death is a common link, but the spirit's
the mages themselves.

evi

rs as

faces are as

varied a

cp iaeehes Bid

Euthanatoi searching for enlightenment usually try
another Diksha, traveling to the Shadowlands through
the agama te (see Appendix). While some enter simple
meditative es to bring new visions, most prefer to
touch the Twilight Lands again, if only to appreciate the
taste of life when they return,

The appreciation of life isa vital part of the Thanatoic
outlook. Death is a whirlpool; until you've put your toe
into it, you can't really understand what it is to fight the
current and return. Thanatoic magick relies heavily on the
philosophy that balance comes through shoving percep-
tions around. Things that stimulate life keep Jhor at bay.
So, many Euthanatoi enjoy themselves when their duties
grow too stifling, Discipline is important, of course, but
letting loose (often in ways only Cultists of Ecstasy would
understand) is just as vital. To sharpen the edge, most
Chakravanti take a break to study some new langua
follow some new path or undergo some new (often wild)
experience. The results may not show for days or weeks,
but the ions" drive the taint of death from the
mage's mortal life — an essential safety valve if he wants
(See "Jhor" in the Appendix.)

ne

to survive


Testimony: Internal Affairs

And now our minds are naked

as the paradise we stripped

And our reward is our entropy

our emptiness is our gift

The Swans, "God Forgive America"

‘Tom Smithson's voice rumbled like an approaching storm: "Before we
start, the Council has asked me to make clear the scope of this hearing.
Because evidence presented here may prove useful in the trial of the entire
House of Helekar, certain questions not directly related to this particular
case may be permitted."

Julia glanced sardonically at her teacher. Smithson sat down, and the
great mass of spectators settled in for the show.

"Raging Eagle, you may begin," Smithson said.

The prosecutor muttered abruptly to his companions. Tanaka escorted
in ayoung man in space-going coveralls. His pale, emaciated face was marked
with fresh scars; his steps were slow and uncertain. The Akashic Brother led
him to the witness chair and returned to her post.

Raging Eagle stood slowly, with dignity, and when he spoke his grave
voice rumbled in the dome of the hall.

"You are Michael Fitzgerald of the Ethership Thunder Child?"

"Yes, sir. What's left of her, anyhow," answered Fitzgerald.

"Will you please tell the Council what happened on the last voyage of
the Thunder Child?"

"Yes, sir." said Fitzgerald, eyeing the prisoner uneasily. "I'd consider
it a duty to my shipmates...."

The next hour was a horror show, a detailed account of the betrayal and
destruction of a fine, proud Ethership, the torture of her crew and the
savagery of her attackers — the mages of House Helekar. Fitzgerald, the only
survivor of the carnage, spoke in soft, insistent tones; he spoke of his ship's
battle with Void Engineers and the damage it sustained: spoke of Helekar's
offer of shelter and hospitality; spoke of the rituals that inverted that
hospitality, turning guests into desperate prisoners; spoke of leaving the
Realm as the ship disintegrated around him; spoke of three months trapped
with the rotting corpse of his best friend. Worst of all, he spoke of Theora
Hetirck, an accomplice to it all.

Even Mitzi seemed horrified. Theon's face betrayed nothing.

At last, Smithson called a recess. The hall exploded into speech and
rang with accusations.

"This," whispered Julia, "is going to be harder than we thought."

The Good Death

His name was Murphy, and his anger was plain. After an altercation on
the Council floor, Tom Smithson had led him to the witness chair. "We're
not murderers," he'd insisted. "The Good Death isn't dealt carelessly. angrily
or spitefully. We don't kill people for fun; most times, we don't even kill
for sacrifice, unless that sacrifice is ourselves."

"That stands against your Tradition's known reputation," said Raging
Eagle as the witness sat down. "I myself can attest that your kind kill, kill
often and kill for duty if not for sport."

"I didn't say we didn't kill." Murphy did some raging of his own. "I said
we didn't murder!"

"What is the distinction?" This came from Mitzi, who hoped Murphy
would offer the right answer.

He did: "Murder is a crime committed for greed, lust, wrath, et cetera.
It's essentially corrupt — the killer puts his own goals before the actual life
of another.

"What we do — what we try to do, anyway — is assassination: One
person takes out another person to save the lives or souls of innocents. No
personal interest in the death. None. If you find a man you think needs
killing, and you or yours have been hurt by him, you go find someone else
to look the sitvation over before you go for your gun. Only by being
completely detached can you escape the bad karma."

"And what gives you the right to judge?" asked Nadja Bantu.

"Ah. That's the question, isn't it?" Murphy straightened in the chair.
"First of all, we've all half-died before. Never send another where you haven't
gone. Second, we justify the choice of victim pretty damn carefully. It's got
to be someone who's worse for the world in it than out of it. No redeeming.
qualities whatsoever. If he's seading money from his drug sales to support
his sainted mother, you'd better be sure she has another source of income.
Third, since, if you get caught killing, you're imprisoned, killed or worse,
you've got to be sure that the assassination is worth your own life. Never do
anything to another you wouldn't be willing to have done to you."

"Have you ever killed a man?" asked Dr. Spence.

"I fail to sce how that question is relevant to the trial of Theoraor the
House of Helekar," said Mitzi.

"It's all right, Mitz. Seventeen men, Doctor — all serial killers the
police couldn't catch. I've offed a few vampires, too." A heartbeat's time went
by. "Have you ever killed a man, Doctor?"

"L..1 don't think...yes, under fire. Never in cold blood."

"Madam Bantu? You?" Murphy smiled sweetly. The lady said nothing,
"Raging Eagle. I'm sure an Akashic Brother like yourself has a lot of blood
on his hands. Awakened blood, too."

"Stop it, Murphy," commanded Mitzi. "This won't prove anything."

"I have killed," said Raging Eagle slowly, "when my own fife or the
lives of others were in danger. I regret that I was forced to."

"And Mitzi," drawled the witness, "have you ever offed a bad guy?"

Mitzi blinked. To Julia's astonishment her teacher's gaze rested on
Raging Eagle, not Musphy, as she softly spoke: "No. I have never killed

anyone."
Tribunal 29


Secon d Day: The I it ouse if

Mark Hallward Gillan,a Hermetic outcast who'd exposed the archmage
Voormas, walked casually through the assembly to the witness stand. He
nodded smugly to the defense and smiled wickedly at Hermetic Master
Vargas Sao Cristavao. The old wizard glared back, hawklike, implacable.
Mitzi watched Gillan, carefully, respectfully. He's got us right where he
wants us she thought. Is that such a bad thing. considering?

Raging Eagle spoke: "Your name, rank, sect and Tradition, please."

"Gillan. Mark Hallward Gillan. Exiled from the Order of Hermes for
being right three years ago this January. Forgive me if I don't give my rank;
it'd be like telling my enemies how many rounds my clip holds."

Raging Eagle nodded to Tsai. The young man picked up a huge stack of
folders and delivered nine to the Table, two to the defense and three to his
own. After catching his superior' eye, he gingerly offered the last to Theora.

"If you will all please open your folders," began Gillan, "we will start
with Helekar House Capetown. In 1990 I stumbled across the first body —
a ten-year-old girl lying in pieces on a dump in the Cape Flats..."

The first and second pictures were disturbing but inconclusive. The
third one was damning: Theora Hetirck, dancing up a channel of poisonous
Quintessence from a Node at Dachau. The swirling faces of disturbed souls
howled silently in the glossy photo. Gillan's voice droned detail, self
righteous in its vindication. For him, the moment was triumphant.

pose d

Julia took a deep breath and turned the page, Mitzi, whose mother
carried scars from the Polish ghetto, stared at the picture fora very long time.
Gillan's mordant exposition rattled past her, unheard.

Much later:

"I'd tried three times before to interest my superiors in the bloodbath,
They told me I needed proof. | gave it to them. | also offered the bloody
"Good-deathers" a chance to explain themselves. The Hermetic Grievance
Committce confirmed that everything I'd said was true, and under the
estimable leadership of Master Cristavao, they covered it up." Gillan
ignored the angry outburst from the Table. "Then they exiled me and put a
price on my head. I got no reply from the Euthanatos. Oh, well, no reply |
could quote you, anyway.

"The reply I got was this: Seven of my contacts died the week after I
spoke to the blasted necros. Sixteen more of them are gone now. I want to
know who knew what ,when; I want to know what they did about it. | want
to know now! I want to know why this was allowed to continue — and why
no one in the Euthanatos Grand High bleedin' Command took any notice!"

"Why didn't we?" Julia asked Mitzi, sotto voice.

Mitzi's reply passed unspoken: We did. We just didn't want others to
find out before we'd handled it ourselves.

Third Day: War Within

In me she has drowned a young girl, and in me an old woman

Rises toward her day after day, like a terrible fish
— Sylvia Plath, "The Mirror"

The last of the lesser witnesses, called by suggestion of the defense,
arrived. A slender black woman in her late 40s, she wore a dark gray pantsuit,
a bright kente-cloth scarf and a gray fedora with a band of the scarf's pattern.

"Name, rank, sect and Tradition, please," Raging Eagle asked.

"Latishia Jones-Carerra, bani Euthanatos. I am the speaker for the
Moranga Chantry in Gilmer County, Georgia."

"Please tell the Council what happened there the night of August 7,
1996..."

Latishia's account was as chilling as the Ethernaut's, and far more
surprising. The Moranga Chantry had left its guard down, anticipating some
Celestial Chorus emissaries. They received an ambush instead. Attacked at
her own Chantry by assassins from Helekar, Latishia and several compan
ions were paralyzed by death magick as their fellows died and their sacred tree
was cut down.

"By her." Latishia's finger damned the prisoner. "Cut down by her.

"They laid us down bound and gagged next to the tree as they cut off all
its branches, and they spat holy water in our faces." Jones-Carerra stared
daggers at Theora. "They told her to cut the throats of all our wounded, and
she did. Then they let my friends loose and hunted them down like animals.
Myra, Louise and I were raped. After that, they stabbed us in the guts, turned
cach of us over on the knife, and left us to die. The Choristers found us half
an hour later. If it hadn't been for the reverend, I'd be dead now."

30

THANATOS

Raging Eagle sighed as she left the stand. "I rest my case," he said.

Smithson called for an hour's recess, and the chamber slowly emptied.

Mitzi tapped her notepad. Her strategy was working. The roundabout
defense, rather than a direct attack, was often the better way to handle a tight
situation. "Get down to the Archives," she told Julia, "and politely ask
Archivist Mulhouse if he would mind pulling any records he has on consor
criminal Tribunals." Her apprentice rushed off into the crowd.

"Miss Zimmermann."

She looked up into the ancient eyes of the prosecutor. "Raging Eagle."

"Why did you send me that witness?" He scemed genuinely confused.
"Why should you add to the evidence against the girl?"

Privately? thought Mitzi. Raging Eagle felt her gentle, somehow
familiar mind, and was disturbed by the contact.

Very well.

Latishia went to Calcutta and Horizon with her story. They didn't
believe her. She came to us, to Senex, and what she said confirmed the Old
Man's suspicions about the House of Helekar. We simply didn't have the
strength for an open assault, and the House has allies in Doissetep. YES she
insisted over Raging Eagle's quick objections, we know this to be true. All
we could do was wait and plan. A frontal attack would've been suicide.
Instead, Cerberus donated Tass and guards for Moranga, and Senex promised
Litishia a chance to bear witness against Helekar.

Mitzi continued slowly: Theora was a pawn of Helekar and, I think, of
Doissctep, too. A pawn being sacrificed in Helekar's place. If she is to die,
now at Ieast she has done some good for Moranga. Latishia will be able to
sleep now that her testimony is on record, and the House should be too busy
now for revenge.

Raging Eagle nodded. It is admirable, he thought coldly, you have
managed to extract some good from the girl's inevitable end.

Fourth Day 3 Addressing
\ [isconce pt 10ns

"Your name, sect and Tradition please, for the record," Mitzi asked the
witness.

"Jefferson Gatlin, bani Euthanatos, Knight of Radamanthys." The
witness grinned pleasantly, a youthful, well-built man with brown hair and
a Victorian mustache. Quite a few of the spectators smiled back; "Gentle
man Jeff" Gatlin was well-kaown — and well-liked.

"Yesterday," said Mitzi, addressing the Council, "we heard testimony
from several witnesses about the House of Helekar'scertémen rites, sacrifi
cial murders, slavery, Infernalism, vampiric alliances, and treatment of
members of, and ambassadors from, other Traditions. As this Tribunal has
been stretched to include — justifiably or otherwise — investigations into
the normal, internal workings of the Euthanatos Tradition, 1 think it
necessary to establish what our policies and philosophies are on these
matters. Will you accept Mr. Gatlin as an expert witness?"

Smithson and Raging Eagle nodded and Mitzi turned expectantly to
the Knight. Gentleman Jeff did not disappoint them.

Disputes

"Point one: I have served with Euthanatos from nearly every sect and
Chantry, and I have never, ever heard of any of group which used death duels
to resolve arguments, Even certimen is very rare — I'm afraid we don't agree
with the idea that the accumulation of magickal power is the same thing as
the accumulation of wisdom. We do practice certimen and other forms of
dueling, but do so for training and self-defense.

"For future reference, we encourage cach other to solve disputes with
talk, compromise and kindness, not knives or complicated rotes, and with
the occasional coin-toss, too. If you meet a death mage who tells you it'shis
custom to settle things by fighting, either he's not one of us or he's feeding
you a line.

"Point two: Any Euthanatos can challenge any other Euthanatos'
actions at any time, and outside allegations are supposed to be treated with
the same careful respect. We take the Vrata Navarati, our oath of ever
vigilance, seriously. Ignoring suspicious behavior sas bad as crying wolf, and
we keep a close watch on cach other. I hope, should I ever start to slide, that
my friends would catch me and either help me back to my old self or dispatch
me before I did myself or others harm. Of course, if I began to slide, I
suppose I might feel differently, but we all know how that feels." Amazingly,
some spectators laughed.

"Point three: Euthanatos Tribunals are short, intended to resolve the
accusations quickly and fairly. The accuser picks one judge. the defendant the
second, and the two judges pick the third. This doesn't always ensure a fair
trial, but it does cut down on conflicts of interest."

Tribunal 31


hrUrds

Lowe Ae

wepa

)

nds 2)

Consors

"Point four: I assure you, keeping slaves runs against everything we
stand for. We come from the Untouchables of India, the poor Irish, the
blacks transported to the Americas against their will, even from the Maya.
Our people have been slaves, friends, and we detest slavery in al its forms.
Tous, freedom — and the heavy responsibilities it entails — is the greatest
gift of magick. I'm sure you'll agree.

"Point five: Ritual killings among my kind are not unknown. Our
friends among the Verbena," he said, looking at Lady Charlotte Quay, bani
Verbena, "understand the difference between blood sacrifice and murder.
Faith and the gods are not always kind, and sometime they demand heavy
prices. When this becomes necessary, the victims are often animals or
volunteers from within our own ranks who wish to return to the Cycle.
Consors do occasionally ask for this release." He glanced at Mitzi. "But we
do not kill them without reason or permission."

Death and the Underworld

"Point six: We do indeed study ghosts and the undead. Some of our
fellows have long connections to vampire families like Giovanni,
Cappadocian and Samedi, not unlike the history between the Hermetics and
House Tremere." Several wizards glared but kept silent. "We do not
consider these ties ‘alliances,' but the Kindred and Euthanatos sometimes do
cach other favors, if only out of curiosity. If we Euthanatos are to study the
Great Wheel, we must, after all, occasionally investigate the cogs that sem
broken. We aren't alone in that, either," he said, turning to Dr. Spence.
"Paradigma publishes 2 paper on the Leeches almost every month."

"Point seven: We do not condone Infernalism. Mages should think
for themselves, not for masters. As I said, we detest slavery, willing or
otherwise, and we avoid evil spirits..."

Julia's attention wandered —surely some of these things were obvious?
Perhaps it would do them good to clear them up in the Council Chamber,
where the Saxum Oculorum guaranteed truthspeaking, but she suddenly felt
Mitzi was stalling.

"Point eight: We do indeed recognize the death-taint. We call it Jhor,
and most of us guard against it with meditations, activities and Seckings. |
will not deny that Euthanatos hold death's hand. Most of us have overcome
its touch, though, and the rest of us police our Tradition for the ones who
Jove death too much. That, as a member of my sect, is my job. And there are
many like me."

Hospitality, Titles and Leadership

"Point nine: Genuine Euthanatos recognize the laws of courtesy set
down by the Council during the Grand Convocation. A mage's Sanctum is
inviolate; ambassadors are off limits. What happened to the Thunder Child
is as much a crime to us as it is to you. In some ways, it's even worse. Our
people come from lands where hospitality is sacred. To betray a guest is a
serious offense, even a terminal one.

"Point 10: Though we may use titles like Master, Adept and so forth
when dealing with outsiders, within our Tradition there are only three ranks
that count: apprentice, member and leader. Nicknames come by merit, fancy
titles are for special occasions or offices only — usually at the Chantry
Council level. Our ‘government' is very democratic. A man who works his
craft well gains a respect from other members. He starts to speak for himself

and his cabal, then for two or three cabals at Chantry meetings — called
samashtis — then speaks for a sect or Chantry altogether. If at any time he
stops speaking truly for the people under him. they'll find someone else to
do it."

"Surely, this creates conflict?" asked Master Sao Cristavao.

"If the speaker's doing it for the power, he's doing it for the wrong
reasons. Leaders ought to represent the people under them, not other
feaders," he said, eyes boring into Cristavao's, "and they shouldn't manipu-
fate their followers or use them for their own ends. Greek philosophy.
Haven't you read Cygnus Moro's Diaries from the Grand Convocation?"

Gentleman Jeff closed his notebook.

"Thank you, Mr. Gatlin. Any questions?" Mitzi asked Primii and
prosecutor together.

With none forthcoming, Julia escorted the witness away. Mitzi, she
thought, had the gambler's eye today — not stalling, but biding her time. The
apprentice Jooked at the slip of paper in her hand. Wildly curious but
businesslike, she walked up to the Table Cenacle and whispered in Lady
Charlotte's car. The Verbena Primus read the note, glanced at the defense
oddly, and passed the note to Smithson. He stood.

"One hour recess," Smithson stated.

Lady Charlotte and Julia sped away while the crowd wondered, and the
Medeans put the prisoner back in her cell.

The Cost of Corruption: Theora

"Lady Charlotte," Mitzi asked, "will you please tell the Council what
you did this last hour?"

"I went to the detention area and cxamined the prisoner, at your
request."

‘As an expert healer, what is your opinion of Miss Hetirck?"

That "expert opinion" was the last in a long list of horrors. With a tight
voice and narrow cycs, the Verbena Primus described burns, flays, cuts,
welts, gashes, and bullet holes. Some of the scars were old, some recent.
Most had been healed by magick, but some had been allowed to fester, as if
Theora had been immobilized while the wounds bled and throbbed.

The Chamber was aghast. Tortured. Brutally. Systematically. By her
own Chantrymates. For years.

At last the Primus returned to the Table. Mitzi walked over to the
prisoner's chair.

Even the Hermetics looked appalled.

"Name, rank, sect and Tradition for the record, please."

"Theora Hetirck, bani Euthanatos, of the..of the Consanguinity of
Eternal Joy."

The Chamber rustled.

"Theora, have you ever killed?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes," whispered the prisoner.

"Have you ever killed because you were threatened with death, torture
or Gilgul by members of the Freedom Razor — your own cabal — or others
in the House of Helekar?"

"Yes."

The Chamber murmured.

"Have you ever killed without being in mortal fear by the other
members of the Consanguinity of Eternal Joy?"


"Yes. Once. Only once." Theora answered.

The Chamber fell silent.

"Please describe for the Council that once."

"Tt was when I was 12," she began childishly. "My father came into the
mortuary while | was dancing with my friends, the dead bodies. They scared
him; I didn't know he was watching. He grabbed me, took me into the
preservation room and started laying into me with a splint. He'd beaten me
before, but this was worse than ever. I thought he would beat me ‘til I died.
So I picked up the closest thing — it was a scalpel — and struck out at him.
There was blood in my eyes, and I felt his blood spurt out at me, and he fell
over. I wiped my eyes, and saw that he was dead. I ran out into the street and
never came back."

"You were homeless for a year after that. Voormas found you in
Nebraska, and sent people who took you to Miami and then to Helekar. Did
you want to go?" Mitzi asked.

"Yes, But when I knew them, I hated them and I wanted to leave."

"Did you ever try to disobey them to leave the Consanguinity or talk
to other mages?"

"Yes, at first. And I obeyed them as little as 1 could — like at the
Plantation, 1 was supposed to cut all the wounded people's throats, not just
the first ones. But after I'd..." Theora winced. "Once they'd let Joseph put me
in..." The girl gasped and clawed at her chest. "I can't tell, Mitzi. I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she screamed. "Please don't punish me! Please, don't
punish me..."

Smithson said, "You are safe here and now, girl," but caught Mitzi's
worried eye. Both knew the girl's pleas weren't to anyone present in the room.

"Theora has done almost everything she is charged with," began the
defense solemaly, "enough that deserves Gilgul and death that the lesser
crimes make little difference. Yet the only murder that was her own was in
self-defense."

Mitzi's voice rose. "Can you hold her accountable for crimes per
formed out of terror of Voormas and the rest of the Consanguinity? Can you
hold her accountable as a free and responsible mage when she Awakened so
young and was trained only by madmen? Can you hold her accountable when

34 EUTHANATOS

her only examples have been her monstrous father and the Grand Harvester
Voormas? Even under their warped tutelage, she found the courage to
disobey and rebel, and was tortured for it. The proof is on her flesh.

"If you wish to stamp out the House of Helekar completely, without
concern for the lives of innocents trapped in the Consanguinity's web, then
vote to rip the soul from this girl's living body and kill the empty shell. If
you wish to salvage what you can from the wreckage, then vote for
clemency — fet her live, and mend the damage." She paused, scanning the
cyes of the Primii, and caught a half-wink from Takstang.

"The defense rests."

The Chamber clamored with comment and confusion. Julia patted her
teacher on the shoulder proudly. Raging Eagle waited until the last whisper
had died out to speak.

"It has not been said during this Tribunal, but I know our Thanatoic
brethren often liken themselves to doctors. The cancer of corruption, they
argue, needs a good surgeon to find it and to cut it out. It is essential with
cancer to be sure no trace escapes to colonize other parts of the body — to be
suse all the evil is rooted out.

"For once | agree. The House of Helekar is as sick and twisted a
Chantry as any in history. Voormas himself may be the center of the disease,
but the corruption has spread to each of his followers. As Miss Alhambra's
evidence shows, the Grand Harvester has recruited his minions for those
qualities that will feed his hubris and work his will.

"This girl was chosen by him. For more than 10 ycars, she has been
taught, healed, and trained by the Grand Harvester and his people, and the
stain on her soul is very great. Clearly the House still has geasa laid on her,
oaths we cannot guess and should fear. If you agree with me that Voormas'
taint may be dormant in this girl, waiting for our guard to drop — now, ora
century from now — vote for Gilgul and execution. How else can we be sure?
Ifyoudo not agree, at east kill her, as the Euthanatos themselves agrec is just,
and release her soul to the Great Wheel. Give her a new life, a second
chance — but not on our doorstep. Not now."

‘heart of the Chakravanti, the proud Natatapas now
willifighyeridures the red tape of Council membership.
Some say this sacrifice is a measure of its devotion to the
Tradition as awhole; dissident whispers hint that fear has
taken the Dancers of the Inner Fire, making them feeble
and insincere.

= prrcnerraestncte man mtn
Sects ‘
We must indeed all hang together, or, most assuredly, we shall all Rang separately.
— Benjamin Franklin, upon signing the Declaration of Independence
Unlike many other Traditions, the Euthanatoi do The Natatapas chooses its initiates from Shaktas
not maintain a rigid structure, Many different sects,each and Shaivites (devotees of Kali and Shiva), Hindu and
carrying its own rank and tiel@, operate within the Buddhist westerners and bureaucrats. Initiation comes
Tradition's framework, Adthough they're more struc- through the agama te, and involves many formal rites.
tured than the scattered'Cultists and Dreamspeakers, the The Consanguinity of Eternal Joy, so victorious at
death mages keepeKeir own counsel. A delicate system of — the end of the Wars, has been cast out by both Council
checks and balances keep most Chakravanti honest — and Tradition. Even so, the Brotherhoods of Consan-
and dealswith those who are not. guinity (founded by the Consanguinity of Eternal Joy
Most Euthanatoi work on their own or join tolerant during the Thuggee resistance) were never disbanded,
€Abals, Their practices (see Appendix) vary wildly, bur The cults in Baghdad, Capetown and Miami (see The
focus on mortality and rebirth. Some Chakravanti prefer Book of Chantries) were still active when the Tradi-
like company, though; over 100 Thanatoic sects exist tions kicked down the portals to Helekar's Realm. As of
across the world. The groups below sunt for the — yet, no one has defanged them; the Capetown, Miami
majority of the ones associated with the Euthanatos and Baghdad Chantry Housesarestill linked to Helekar's
Tradition, Three others, the Order of the Black Willow | Realm.Councilshocktroopshave yet to uncover enough
(an English dark Romantic cult), the Apad-Dharmaand__ volunteers to stage a complete assault.
the Tal'mahe'Ra (see Beyond the Council), have old Archmage Voormas remains free, His followers
links to the Chakravanti. The corruption of these latter _ worship himas the manifestation of Kali's dark side, and
ects — who live up to all the worst stories — smears the _ seek to throw the Wheel out of balance — nota difficult
Tradition's reputation, Few outsiders realize these necro- feat in the World of Darkness. Advancement comes
mancers are not true Euthanatoi. through assassination, either outside the cult or of one's
The organizations below require background checks. superiors.
Senior members verify aneweomer' mentor, apprentice: et ,
ship, active history and inations, if any. If he isn't Che Ancients
really one of the Chakravanti, the sect is responsible for The Madzimbahwe (courts, in Shona) are uncon-
re-educating him — or disposing of him. ventional sects based in old Thanatoic magickal lineages:
; é The Ivory Coast mysticks and the mage-priest-royal
Veterans of the Ulimalayas elite of Great Zimbabwe. The only magickal remains of
The Natatapas constitutes the oldest existing sect, the latter culture are, apparently, the name of the mod-
one founded by Vedavati during the Wars. Tantrik in ern group and the Old Man of Cerberus — though he's
practice and militant in custom, the sect restricts its not talking.
activities to India, The Natatapas acts as an aid so The modern Madzimbahwe follow a cross between.
India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Sri high magic and voodoo. Most Ta Kiti belong to this
teem with dangers, diseases and Awakened threats. In African sect, which includes vigilantes, doctors, social
theory, it splits its time between fighting and healing. In — workers, Christian clergymen, civil rights reformers,
practice, many elder members drift to Council adm' voodoo myst journalists, lawyers and detec-
trative duties, The "central" Euthanatos Chantry in tives. Diverse as their professions might be, these
«Calcutta is a Natatapas stronghold. Once arguably the Euthanatoi prefer to stay on the living side of the

Shroud; to them, the mortal world is ill enough already.

Though membership is open and there are no racial
or religious requirements, the group tends to attract
many African-descended mages. Most members follow
a deeply spiritual belief in which healing, charity and

—————


vengeance are sacred duties. Despite their resemblance
tothe Bata'a Craft, the Madzimbahwe firmly stand with
the Euthanatoi. The Tradition's ideals keep the sect
together despite the religious differences within.

The Pomegranate Deme (DEH-may),a loose group
of Greco-pagan ritualists, may be the oldest non-Indian
cult. Holdoyers from the pre-Christian Mediterranean

faiths, the mages of the De: Ten a ancient mysteries

of Persephone. Through tian and Mesopotamian
trade routes, the Dente met East Indians before
Alexander the Gyedt crossed the Hindu Kush. The
Chakravanti_re€ognized their Black Mother in her
pect: asKore, Persephone and Hecate, and forged
strongyif distant, links with Greece, and through Greece,
ewith the Celts.

To join the Deme, a mage must be a Persephonist.
In modern times, the sect's membership peaked with
Neo-Classicism and dwindled as the Industrial Age tore
through the sacred places, Now the Dark Queen'
followers are few, and the older mages lose apprentices
to the Knights of Radamanthys and the Aided. Al-
| though Persephonist mentors seek students among
* "neo-pagans, some Verbena feel (quite understandably)
that the Deme are poaching.

The Aided (AYE-ded, literally death-tale in Old
Irish) represents the last of the ancient Celtic Under-
world magickal cults. The Romans, Christianity and
the Inquisition whittled these death mages to splinters.
The Order of the Black Willow fell into Infernalism
during the 1800s and nearly finished the process through
duels and feuds. Only a few scattered Euthanatoi sur-
vived in Scotland, Ireland, Breton and Wales to

reconstruct their traditions.

Fortunately, Celt-chic in America has swollen the
Aided's ranks in the last decade or two. Today, the sect
grows swifter than any other. Mages with cultura!
orsty|

ic ties to Celtic culture are welcome, but
witches" are quickly shown the door.

The Techies

The Lhaksmists sprang from Hindu mages in
Bombay. Organizing only a century before the warning
"of the Seers, the sect members (worshippers of the
Goddess of Luck) flipped a coin to decide whether to
= join the Eurkanatoi, rolled dice to figure out how many
representatives to send to the Conclave, and have
knocked haphazardly through history eversince. Today's
Lhaksmists retain their free-wheeling attitude, but their
sphere of influence has changed.

They are the gi lucky stiffs,
the computer program} of Death, the accountants of
Entropy. "Locksmiths," as the Virtual Adepts call them,
are always ready to chase numbers through the Digital
Web, hunting down Nephandi viruses by the patterns
they make in probability fields. Net-hopping Euthanatoi
watch over Sleepers, particularly children, on the Web.
Several would-be molesters and stalkers have meta just-
death at their hands, and there's talk of opening an
online chapter of Lhaksmist Knights of Radamanthys.
Membership is not exclusive, and most Locksmiths join
just by being in the right place at the right time.

the thieves, the |

er:

The Byzantine Golden Chalice developed from ner-
vous alliances between Greek, Persian and Arab mages
fighting corruption in the court of the Holy Roman
Empire. Named after their trademark method of assassi-
nation (poisoned goblets keyed to the victims' bodily
humors by sympathetic magick — a rote still used by the
Chalice today). The mages were forced out of the city by
European vampires during the First Crusade.

Now very modern, high-tech and efficient, the sect
sees itself as the primary assassination wing of the
Euthanatoi. It targets corrupt politicians and the mun-
danely vile, but its members prefer challenging
assignments — barabbi, Nephandi, Technocrats and
especially vampires. Though secretive, the sect suppos-
edly maintains a strong Net presence; its members share
a single identity, simply called "Iago."

Chalice membership is by invitation only; prospects
must demonstrate cleverness and subtlety. Rumor has it
that the Chalice has invited Senex to join in each of the
last three centuries, an invitation that's been declined
each time. Perhaps the Old Man prefers working alone.
Or perhaps something else i

The Knights of Radamanthys take theirname from
the Greek judge of the Asian dead, but get their mission
from Minos (the judge of difficult s). Reputed (truly)
to include some of the best magickal fighters outside the
Akashic Brotherhood, the Knights ate mercenaries for
other cabals and Traditions. Their terms are few but
stringent: The fight must be in a good cause by Euthanatoi
definition, and the clients must field an equal or greater
number of their own forces in the battle. The Knights
charge no fees, but accept donations. From time to time,
tion has abused the Knights' trust, sending
ticide missions. The offenders usu-

wrong...

an organi:
them on murder or


ally "disappear" soon after the incident. Itneverhappens:
twice.

Since their founding in Greece in the 1700s, the
Knights have spread world-wide. Multi-ethnic and out-
going, these death mages get along better with other
Traditions than most Euthanatoi do. Anyone with good
fighting skills and a clean record (by Thanatoic stan-
dards) may join. Weak sistegs*nd reckless wildcats are
ejected after a run or ty he Knights are warriors, not

suicide commandose™

The Scholar of the Wheel number a dozen or less,
but the importance of their work grants them authority
and infllence within and without their Tradition. Sim-
ply put, the Scholars track souls and Avatars through
their varied lives. Records of Rustam's samashti show
that after the initial linguistic difficulties had been
overcome, the Scholars dragged out their books, memo-

ries, abaci and (in one case) quipu and be
enthusiastically filling in the holes in each other's gene-
alogy of souls. Formed by reincarnationalists from all of
the five cultural hubs of Thanatoic mages, the Scholars
were the first Euthanatoi (rather than Chakravanti)
sect,

an

Currently, the Scholars are debating three impor-
tant questions: Whether to begin tracing the Hollow
Ones' incarnations (whenever possible) and accept them
into the Euthanatoi; whether to copy their records into
the central Council Archives (under the supervision of
Archivist Nicodemus Mulhouse); and whether to ex-
change information with the Akashic Brothers (the only
other Tradition known to keep soul chronologies) in
bulk instead of on a question-by-question bas

is.

life memo-

Most members possess three things: P:
Time and Spirit magicks, and patience. It takes a
n quirk of personality to want to go through old

records and minds looking for descriptions of

mae a RNR

anyone who has such patience, and the discretion to
keep his findings to himself.

Albireo, named after the star that forms the bill of
the swan in the constellation Cygnus, was founded after
the Fall of the Nine. In a moving speech before. the
entire Council, the original members swore to continue
the diplomatic work begun by Cygnus Moro. Since

then, the Albireans have good-naturedly shared infor-"|

mation, set up joint cabals, helped multi-Tradition
Chantries and become reasonably welcome. Though
no Euthanatos will ever be quite trusted by outsiders,
(with an authentication spell woven
in to prevent counterfeits) is recognized throughout
Awakened society.

the silverswan pii

This sect has a deeper purpose, though. While the
founders were truly bound by their oath, the Albireans
lier taken a different oath — to watch oyer the
other Traditions for signs of the same corruption (or
hubris) that overcame Heylel and killed Moro. So far,
only well-seasoned, stable Euthanatoi have been se-
lected to join the hidden backbone of Albireo, and few
non-members, even within the Tradition, know of it,
Takstang and Senex do know of it; the one question
Mitzi cannot allow in the Council Chamber is: Have
you killed a mage of a different Tradition. The
Euthanatoi do police the other Traditions with dagger
drawn, and they don't dare let this secret out.

Any diplomatic (preferably charming) Euthanatos
can join the Albrians, but membership in the core
group is by invitation only. Ambassadors receive the

had ee

swan pin only after an indefinite probationary period,
and are carefully watched thereafter,

ed sagem

-

Avatars to figure Stitwho you've been before, let alone
to trace the paths of other people. The Scholars accept



Judgement
ne Outside \

"It is easy to judge evil unmixed," replied Gwydion. "But, alas, in most of us good and bad are closely woven as the

threads on a loom; greater wisdom than mine is needed for the judging."
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron

Morning came quietly to the guest quarters of Vajra. Mitzi and Julia,
tense and sleepless, rose with the sun and were ready hours carly. Mitzi
checked her watch for the third time, shook her head and pulled a small
brown and tan case from her baggage.

"Here. Sct it up," she said to Julia.

"Backgammon?" Julia asked and flicked open the catches obedicatly

"I've been neglecting your training." Mitzi picked up her dice and held
them under her apprentice's eyes. "Dice are easy. I want you to cheat as hard
asyoucan—telekinesis, altering chance, illusion, sleight of hand — whatever
you can do, It'll settle your nerves." She picked up her own cup. "Our nerves.
I'll play fair and blind the first game, try to catch you the second, and fight
you for the third. Ready?"

Julia nodded and rolled. The first game passed in trivia, but by the
middle of the second her thoughts strayed.

"What do you think's going to happen?" Julia asked, sliding her pieces
along the points.

"The verdict, you mean?" Mitzi'sasked, and her dice clattered down.

"Yeah."

Other Traditions

"Well, Master Hyemyéng will probably vote guilty." She watched as
Julia inexpertly turned a three to a six, and tapped it back. "Most Akashics
still consider us enemies. They're always out to ‘teach us a lesson' in battle
or on the streets; I guess he'd try to do that here, too. But the Brotherhood
believes in reincarnation just as much as we do, so he may not sentence her
to Gilgul. I think he'd consider killing her a nice slap on the wrist.

"Madam Bantu isa little more progressive than most of her Tradition,
but she still sees things in their straight black-and-white way. The Chorus
doesn't like necromancers of assassins — if the Akashics weren't already our
archrivals, the Choristers would have leaped at the chance. But they do go in
for forgiveness and redemption, so I think she'd suggest Gilgul but not
execution. Bantu would want to be sure Theora never did magick again —and
for some reason they think soullessness more merciful than death,

"Marianna of Balador," said Mitzi, sending a tan piece to the bar, "she's
hard to predict. The Cult as a whole, I think, would feel Theora had chosen
her path. Make your bed and lie in it,' isas much their mottoas ours. So what
she should say, to represent the Ecstatics fairly, is guilty, Gilgul and
execution. But the Primus herself might be more sympathetic. She's seen

Judgement 39


slavery, abuse, battered women...she might ignore other opinions and vote
innocent. Knowing the Cult, they'd respect her more if she did just that."

Julia rolled double fours without obvious trickery, and began taking
pieces off the board. Mitzi went on:

"The Dreamspeaker vote should be for Gilgul but not death. I don't
pretend to understand them well enough to say for sure. Most of them would
consider Theora's spirit irredecmably tainted by exposure to that hellhole —
and I'm not sure they woulds't be right. But Laughing Eagle is a deep one.
He's been a slave. I don't know whether he'd feel more for her or less because
of that; she did succumb, while he never did. He could go either way.

"The Rimpoche will abstain."

Julia looked up, shocked.

Mitzi continued, "He has a personal stake in the verdict, Jule. The
Chodana and our ethics apply as much to him as to anyone. More, actually.

"Master Cristavao will certainly vote guilty." Mitzi brought her last
‘man home and took off another. "The Order of Hermes has no love for us
and never did. Even Porthos, who used to get along well with the Old Man,
has stopped his correspondence. I hope Latishia's full story gets back to him
and changes that. For some reason, they don't approve of our taking in Lord
Gilmore and the refugees, either." They played a few turns in silence while
Mitzi thought.

"Failure is the worst sin for them," Mitzi said. "I think Hermetics who
screw up are expected to crawl off and die immediately afterward. Cristavao
has been exposed and humiliated by Gillan, and Theon's failure to escape
capture is the current reason. Death sentence, Gilgul. Definitely.

"Dr. Spence has to vote guilty; I'm not sure he could keep his seat
otherwise. The Thunder Child was onc of the proudest ships in the Ether.
Even if Theora hadn't killed Scientists, I think the Sons would still come

down against her; they have too many white-bread chawvinists in the ranks.
T'm sure he'll recommend execution. He might not demand Gilgu! — the
Sons can be a little materialistic and short-sighted outside their labs."

She called her apprentice on a sloppy illusion, and continued:

"Lady Charlotte will probably say guilty, but might stop with execu-
tion. The Verbena see things in a different black-and-white than the Chorus,
and tend to believe in short, sharp solutions to problems. So death is likely,
but I think she'll vote against Gilgul. She knows us well enough to realize
it's the worse fate by our standards. Still, the Speakers, the Cult, and the
Verbena stand with us in most Council affairs. If any two of them vote
innocent, the third probably will, too.

"Master Thackery I'm not so sure about. Virtual Adepts are almost as
white-bread as the Sons, but less conservative. They don't have that knee-jerk
fear of death, sex and raw magick. They're modernist, small, and looked
down on by the rest of the Traditions just like us. We seem half-Nephandi,
they seem half-Technocrat. We could be strong allies if the Lhakshmists
keep up their good work on the Web. I guess Thackery'd want to punish
Theora and still stay on our good side, but that he'd get it wrong — Gilgul
without execution instead of the other way around."

"At best," she finished, "five votes guilty of the major charges,
recommending death or Gilgul or both; three votes innocent, one absten-
tion."

Julia frowned, staring at the board. One last tan marker on the second
point faced four of Mitzi's browns on six.

"So you've lost?" Julia asked.

Mitzi picked up her dice cup. She rolled an honest double six, and
smiled.

"Too soon to say."

Verdict

The last Primus took his seat, and slowly the Council Chamber fell
silent. Smithson rose.

"Theora Hetisck of the Freedom Razor cabal of the House of Helekar..."
Smithson said.

The prisoner stared straight ahead, neither frightened, brave nor thought:
ful, just empty.

you have been judged by this Tribunal. Hear the count: One of us
has not spoken. Two of us find you guilty of all charges. Six declare you
innocent..." The Primus waited to let the furor die down to finish. "Of all
charges punishable by Gilgul or death."

The crowd rumbled again. Smithson waited patiently. Julia watched
Tsai and Tanaka scowl at their leader. Raging Eagle watched the center of the
room, and Julia realized he and Mitzi were the only two that still seemed to
be interested in Theora. The prisoner's expression had barely changed, but
she stared now at the defense in disbelief.

"For the lesser charges, we sentence you unanimously to Branding.

house arrest, reduction to the rank of Apprentice, and re-education."

40 EUTHANATOS

The hot air blew around the Council again.

"That's good, isn't it?" asked Julia.

"Depends on where they place her. If it's not a Euthanatos Chantry,
we've lost more than the case," Mitzi answered.

Smithson stood patiently. The furor did not pass. A full minute
passed. Lady Charlotte Quay, dark-eyed and thunderously offended, shouted
sheet lightning inches over the heads of the crowd. The spectators finally
shut up, and the verdict continued.

"You will be taken from here directly to the First North Sentencing
Hall, where your Avatar will be Branded. The Medeans will turn you over to
the custody of Miss Zimmermana, who may at that time release you from
your shackles if she chooses. Miss Zimmermann will conduct you to the
university Chantry Cerberus, where Master Senex will take charge of you.
‘You are not to leave Cerberus until such time as he has satisfied himself and
this Council that you are responsible for your own actions."

He nodded to the Medeans, and they took Theora away.

Goodbyes

Theora Hetirck shuffled her feet nervously and pulled at her sleeves.
The stiff black dress was gone. Her new companions had found a tie-dyed,
floppy green blouse and bright-blue sailor pants in what Mitzi called "Julia's
art clothes." She had thanked her defenders politely. Someday. they
imagined, she might even smile.

Julia stood by, keeping an eye out for trouble. Mitzi herself finished
setting the portal for Cerberus' Gatchouse. A shaved head, moving through
the crowd close by, caught her attention. Impulsively she stepped forward
into the path of Raging Eagle. He started, and stared down at her.

"Miss Zimmermann."

"L wanted to speak with you after the verdict," Mitzi replied, "but you
left so quickly..." She shook her head and started over. "I wanted to explain
about Latishia. | was afraid you thought I'd sacrificed Theora to save her."

"I did," he replied.

An awkward silence descended. Several seconds slipped by.

"Thave to go," Raging Eagle finally said. Still, he made no move toward
the portal. "I've been away from my temple almost a week," he added, as if
that explained everything. Fora moment he gazed intently at her face. Master
Hyemyong came up behind him and tugged gently at his sleeve. "Stop
fidgeting with that pen when you are nervous." Raging Eagle told his rival.
"It gives away your state of mind." Then he left.

Mitzi walked a few subdued paces back to Julia and found herself
facing Takstang.

"The Old Man is expecting her," said the Primus. "I had a few words
with him before the Council discussed the sentence. She should do well
with him; he likes problem cases." He took her hand. "I puta letter in one
of your bags; give it to Senex and tell him I pray for his success. There is
something there for you, too, and for your little shravaka." Tell her I shall
watch her progress — it should put a little fear behind her efforts.

Takstang gripped her fingers firmly, warningly. Don't let yourself be
tempted to wield the sword of Holofernes over Dachau. It is not yet Judith's
hour of vengeance . Mitzi nodded, secing her Avatar and its sheathed sword
in her mind's eye. Not an easy restraint, but a necessary one.

To Julia, he said, "Those marked heavily by Destiny live short,
unhappy lives, fight against terrible odds, and die horribly before their time.
Do good as you find the opportunity, live long and well, and you will surpass
the brief, bright flames around you. Glory and haste are uncomfortable
gifts."

He went to Theora, and she shrank back bashfully. Takstang shook his
head and waited. At last, she met his eye.

"You are as free as you think you are," he said, and sent them
on their way.

Judgement


<i.

so often bear their stigma...

Beyond the Council

Monsters do not die. They must be killed. |
— Dan Simmons, Carrion Comfort

Because Euthanatoigake the extreme long view in all
things, they have a somewhat "relaxed" attitude toward
the Ascension War. To them, the "team" — Tradition,
Craft, Orphaf, Convention — what you choose in this
life ispeas importantas what you do while you're playing.
Allégiances that last lifetimes — as Nephandi-tainted
souls often do — frustrate the Chakravanti into violence.
No one hates the Fallen more than the death mages who
especially since the line
between Jhor and true corruption is so easy to cro:

The Apad-Dharma sect operates freely in Southern
ins two Marabouts in Calcutta as well.
Outsiders can't tell the difference between the Fallen
Euthanatoi and their more principled brethren, and mis-
understandings flare up constantly. One of the few things
to be said in Voormas' favor is that his own Chantryhouse
waged a sickening war with the Apad-Dharma; many of
the horribly mutilated victims in Helekar's torture cham-
bers were, in fact, Thanatoic Nephandi.

The jury's out on the ome Euth
attack the reality-benders on sight, while others consider
them better allies than their fellow Traditionalists. Ma-
rauders, at heart, epitomize the tearing down that leads to
new possibilities; even so, they're like cancers, and endan-

Marauders;

atoi

ger innocent lives with their dementia.

There are, of course, many states of existence in the
Hidden World, such as...

Vampires

Euthanatoi view the Kindred with a blend of fascina-
tion and pity. Most Thanatoics know at least one lick.
Seemingly suffering Gilgul and Awakening
time,

the same

vampires intrigue the death mages. Where do their
powers come from? Morts ine's soul? An

choices? C:

‘Avatar twisted Horribly out of shape? Divine curses? Who.
Knows? Tattered copies of Aristotle deLaurent's Book of
Nod. translation circulate endlessly among younger
Chakravanti, and trigger endless arguments.

The Tradition's general policy is: Look, but don't
touch, Too many Chakravanti have been seduced, slaugh-

tered or Embraced by their own field research, Necro-
mantic cabals track, steal from and spy on the vampires,
taking countermeasures when ni ary, Protecting in-
nocent souls is paramount, however; Euthanatoi tend to
frown on vampiric appetites, even when they under-
stand the condition. Renegade bloodsuckers (like Sabbat
and Anarchs) are undesirable allies at best, and even the
Giovanni necromancers (who share a common interest
in necromancy with some Euthanatoi) are suspect at
best, targets at worst.

© Nagaraja

The tragic Idran Sutra tells of one sect's ce
with vampire spirits. An early Thanatoic group, the
Idran brought vampiric allies into the Shadowlands
during the Himalayan Wars, a tactic which allowed
them to hit the invaders from behind. Their hatred of
the Akashics cost them their souls; drunk on poisoned
blood, the Idran gave themselves over to vampiric
slavery, taking the name Tal'mahe' Ra (see Dirty Secrets
of the Black Hand). Most of the group's True May
surrendered their magicks for immortality, but some
remained human. The secret Black Hand society ac-
cepted the sect (or grew from it, depending on who you
ask), and the Tal'mahe'Rastill work with these vampiric
conspirators,

Over the centuries, the former Idran "adopted" new

members from fellow Thanatoic sects, solitary magi-

cians and, far later, from Tradition mages who picked up

the gory mantle during the early Ascension conflicts. To

this day, the Tal'mahe'Ra sect survives in several Indian

cities. Some Verbena and other blood magicians still
walk with the Tal'mahe'Ra, but they walk softly; the
|

Traditions censured the sect and its members long ago.
Membership or alliance with it is considered a crime
before the Council.

Anodd Kindred bloodline, the Nagaraja, grew from
the Idrans' fall. Fearsome blends of sorcerer and vam-
pire, the Nagaraja predated the Tremere wizards by
nearly 1000 years. Death arts, reeking of Jhor, grew from
the Idrans' lost magick and their affinity with the Un-


derworld spirits. While a far cry from True Magick, these
arts granted the ‘araja power over the dead and some
commerce with the Underworld. Although their num-
bers have never been large — less than a dozen exist —
their odd powers inspired tales that haunt the Indian
night (and the Euthanatoi) 2500 years later,

According to those*tinlucky enough to have met
them, the Nagaraja*6f the Tal'mahe'Ra sect follow a
corrupted form.of the Chodona. They believe that, hav-
ing surviveddeath not once but twice, they're the purest
beingson Earth. As agents of Kala, Nagaraja feel itis their
divine duty to safeguard decay and entropy, to kill that
which stagnates and return it to the Cycle again. Natu-
rall vampires with the
Chakravanti. What the Nagaraja lack, however, are the
adhana, Daya and Tyaga; they torture and kill
s — from their
victims and channel the ojas back into themselves as a
reward for assisting the Cycle. To true Euthanatoi, this is
life-theft, the worst kind of corruption. Nagaraja are
Naraki — unclean abominations, and their state is an
affront to everything the Tradition values.

outsiders confuse these

tenets of §

for pleasure, steal life energies — oj

Changing Breeds

The Jhor (see Appendix) causes conflicts between
death mages and most shapechangers. Garou warriors
speak of a "Wyrm taint" that some Euthanatoi carry with
them, and tend to become...impatient...with the
Chakravanti. Though some werecats (often members of
the Bubasti or Bagheera tribes) or Corax (wereravens)
with Euthanatoi, the Changing Breeds
whole keep a healthy distance from Kali's children.

Woraiths

Most outsiders assume the Shadowlands are some
sort of playground for Euthanatoi. This is hardly the case.
Responsible necromancers tread lightly in the Dark
Umbra—the Tempests and Nihils can take a living mage
out of the Cycle for good, The ancient "Sybils' maps,"
once used to navigate the Underworld, mislead any death
mage foolish enough to carry one. And Entropy magicks,
so useful everywhere else, backfire horribly beyond the
‘Shroud.

Tothe Chakravanti, ghosts are lost souls stuck to the
Wheel by theif own stubborn will. Some mages pity the
spirits, anditse their Arts to comfort them — or to help

them into Oblivion's Great Unmaking. Others exploit
the Restless, seeing them as resources that don't know
enough to use themselves up. Helpful necromancers
become mediums, opening up passages between the
worlds, offering themselves for brief possessions (see the
rote Living Bridge, in Mage) or smashing their Fetters;
less-sympathetic mages use the ghosts for their own ends,

manipulate dead bodies or channel Oblivion itself into™

living hosts (see "Euthanatos Necromancy" in the Ap-
pendix).

Wraiths desperately hate and fear living folks who
, the Restless often take a dim
view of Euthanatoi unless the latter offer them some-
thing in return (protection fora Fetter, r
to see their loved ones or a brief return to the living
world). Ghosts often keep their friends nearby; many a
careless necromancer has learned about Restless polit
the hard wa

meddle with death; her

nge,achance

Despite a long familiarity between the Aided and
the British fae, changelings remain a mystery to most
Euthanatoi. Though they age and die like other mortals,
dreamweavers seem to slip past the usual working of the
Wheel, as if their souls reincarnate immediately or just
disappear. Though no formal "alliances" exist between.
the Tradition and the noble Houses, some sluagh find
comfort in the death mages' trappings of mortality. For
the most part, however, the Chakravanti and the change-
lings keep a respectful gulf between them.

Mummies

Few as they are, the Reborn are worth mentioning
when one speaks of the Chakravanti. Are mummies
stuck on the Wheel, or do they ride it like experts? The
Euthanatoi aren't sure. The various sutras, chronicles
and texts they maintain mention souls with guided
destinies, people who recall millennia of lifetimes, who:
recognize people they've never met and understand the
Underworld with uncanny, insight. Some of these im-
mortals challenge Kali's children, but others aid them in
their studies of mortality and rebirth, The Scholars of the
Wheel documentthree mummies—Neferukhayt, Hetch-
Abehuand Maaa-ant-f— who've proven helpful through
the ages, and two — Am-besek and Amam the
Devourer — who create...trouble.

|


€


ing on

haracters

Jesus cured the blind man so that he could see the evils of the world

Me'Shell }

Euthanatoi are not obsessed with death,

not all of them, anyway
Oh, sure they seem to be. | mean, look at
"Good Death." Look at their

traditional image

their name
pale complexion, black
clothes, weapon in hand, ready to off some
poor bastard who literally isn't good enough
to live. Scary dudes, these Euthanatoi. Of

Take a

course they're obsessed with death.
look at one. Can't you tell?

The image is a mirage, an illusion of something in the
distance, not without cause, but ultimately without sub:
stanc

The Euthanatoi's true interest isn't death. It's rebirth.
It's the Cycle of creation. Entropy is not the end of every

thing — it's the death of the old in favor of the new. The
lotus, symbol of creation rising from the waters, is impor-
tant to the Chakravanti. After all, without rebirth, death is
just oblivion. And jeez, oblivion is dull.

degéOcello, "The Womb"

If Euthanatoi were as morbid as people seem to think,
most of them would have committed suicide by now
Instead, they're among the most vibrant mysticks on the
Council. They're a little weird, admittedly, but hey, who
isn't? Don't let the black clothes fool you — in their own
way, the Chakravanti are free and alive. It takes a strong
will to live to stare death in the face, and walk away

Everyone knows the death mage stereotypes: assassins,
necromancers, grave robbers and mad cult priests. Few
outsiders see the healers, the teachers, the philanthropists
and prophets that form the bulk of the Tradition. Maybe
those outsiders don't want to see the real Euthanatoi. Too
many folks believe that death is contagious, that in shaking
hands with death you begin to die. The Chakravanti know
we've all shaken hands with death. Few of us choose to wear
iton oursleeves, that's all. True, some death mages dofit the
stereotypes — fear grants status, after all. The majority, the
invisible ones, stand in plain sight. They're safer that way.
And contrary to belief, the Euthanatoi want to survive.
Acceptance of death is not a rejection of life.


QSOLVNVHLNA = —9F
©o ®@

Ise] ay are NOX jIeyI VEY Yeap
spueay> & aar9sap sudan aseyjam

pur sanqunf uaag ‘azoyadraaa ar,Aoup
pue [Pf Aeyp ‘fear a1. Aaya — sisoys
‘saajomaiom ‘sandue, ‘aduny aya
uo punow Suisuey aiaeyp spreiseq
ay? Mouy Nod pue ‘yap YsNomp uaas
9A,NO J ‘aspa yeyowew ev ‘aspa ue YM
saquny zaisuow va1,No X :3da9U0D
‘aysiu Araaa Japatam 398 suOssay
ay ‘UORRINpa sNo< ueSaq pue IYystU
Up OUT Yo NOA pay0dsa ade] UL UBWOM
atp ‘urede puers pjnoo nod ua ‘para
-AOdaI NOA aTTYM ‘Ysnoy? ‘Aisa 02 YOR
aured ayg ‘auos sem ays ‘paanue aouey
-nqure ayj aun ayp Ag "umo nod paueA
sdiy Jooo s9}4 "urese duind oy ueBaq ase9y
4noA JUN ea INOA ut pasadstys ays pue
‘QyB1] ay? ano payxd0]q sastu ayp se yD9U INOA
payonor ayg ‘ade] yoeIq UI UEUION dtp 104
u9aq 2,upey a Jt tou paying aq p,nod ‘uon
QB ur anys Ayons ayy "dosp nos a9] saasuow

sanares}d ‘syoidyoo] ‘soyorew
pue so1y8iy ‘sayeas uapoom
‘oapeq ‘orper ‘ayruy, papeyq-soayis

‘spunos Areipuastt jo xog *(s19]]Nq atp ‘Bur}BB1D Aor Bop e ayH] NOK YooYs

JoAlls YM papeol |[e) Snewoine f f ener

uappry pue undioys ‘49ajoa

WSeBIC 18919 S,PHO\ Hyp Se MOTB OF
paws y2au mod ae Suryp ayy "ut paysna

‘ey ao1aiag nuamdmbg Boj ap pur payquinas sjpem Aus 9y J,

Apuey ut aut0 --9san09

1ysiur a1 uoy mown] 19A9u hand

nog ‘Aead Qysru yea oAv9q

soyiour padofua pue uo
-aavd ay} 01 Surwmue]s NOA IUas
NOA a10jag "sBuIssajq s,poo, 11 a10}9q Buryp ayp UT sa}oy vary
Auued JuNY ay JO sjoor stp paasejq nod — AvmAue ‘paiaa

pur ‘uonenuaouos sno4 sn90} NoA -aeww 31 IVY ION js10ys BuTUTEM

SN

Joy yonut og ary paurerspooq

djay sonazesto pur aystyarty "su13aq
yptm nok ae passty aF pue ‘aoe

1y3y ay uay® sOAR} INO Ur sppo
ay2 yous nod ‘aroy asIMy-ayr] B pue Su] Up aysq] ots pourys nod uoyat
aiay aspnu-Adonug ue yay ‘pouwep
ayp Jo sasinisip ay2 ysnomyp sear nok
djoy — Adonug pur puryy urdg ‘oy17
— sonoeid nod suy ayy 2y>1Beyy

pooy sit yam Surdeyd sem Surya Anaad
AY] "Massap a10jaq Ur attRD NOA puE UMOIUMOP
aun Suipaay sea a1 — sse Aur ‘(Bury e yons st a10y3
J!) apronwoy aurnoy oBe sea may e NOA paz Pj soure
2UQ "MoUY NoA ‘1241 Ino auy AY] :apnyaag

4aiag mouy | ‘ay "Kppng ‘wy Susmayaq poayo
08 isnf nox {sauiduwa sp sSuryy yons ou sasay | :930NC)

‘anBsoui ayy ut 10 — 1199

Ul 9UO IX9u dy 2q p,NOA ‘op UED NOA IY
mouy sisted ano J] jINYs Yanou sNoA day ‘ayes

$,PO5 10} pue ystu Aq aUNy ‘Kep Aq daaig jaruUep "ynfain9 LAITY 0 peaq,, ‘odtrog o3u1Q —

aq Os ‘nod ueYp JasuONs ae WY] Jo OW "S192N9S JOU jand koas sBuny 1

Uj-uosu ay sapuem soreuNysiN isdry, Burdvjdajoy puno.3 y.20p pjoo ay ymou.pur)
"Aoraw ou aat8 ‘sjuasouut wyp isnf quvaU pauing puv pvap uy),

dyp Jo ayes ay Jog "ppiom Burdag]s ve s0J asuajap Jo UT] aun D spm a4ay? Laquiawias |

S

opeyS SWOULYY eB) peu


aa 1 \—___/

EE

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: FANATIC Concept: SHADE AMONG
Player: Essence: prmorpdiaL = Mentor: SHA?OWS
Chronicle: Demeanor: BRAVO Cabal:
ATT ID
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@00 = Charisma @0000 PerceptionRPARANOID @@@@O
Dexterity REFLEXES @@@@O = Manipulation. @@@00 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance @@000 Wits @@000
NT
Talents Skills Knowledges
@@000_ Do OO0O0O0O — Computer. OOO0O0O
@0000 Drive @0000 = Cosmology____—S—S OOOO
Awareness @@000 Etiquette. OO0000 — Culture. 00000
Brawl @@@00 Firearms @@@00 = Enigmas OOOO0O
Dodge @@@00 Leadership OO0O0OON Investigation. OO0O000
Expression, OOOO0O Meditation. OOO0O00 Law. @@000
Instruction, OOO00O stics, OO000O0
Intuition. OOO00O0 @0000
Intimidation. @@000 2 @@@00 = Medicine @0000
Streetwise. @@000 Survival 00000 Occult @0000
Subterfuge. @0000 Technology. @0000 Science OOO00O0
Correspondence. OOOOO Life @@000 Prime OOO0O0O
Entropy. @@000_ Mind @0000 Spirit @0000
Forces, OOOOO Matter OOO0O00 Time OO0O00O0
——— NN
Backgrounds Arete Health
ALLIES @C@@00 @@O00000000 Bruised 00
ARCANE @@000 Will 7 Hurt 10
AVATAR @0000 ipower a Injured -10O
00000 88 eeee000 Wounded 20
oooo0 FOROOOOOANA  pauted 20
Quintessence Crippled cer
Other Traits Ke %, Incapacitated Oo
OOO0O Oo Oo _ .
00000 °oO oO Experience
00000 co) g
2 °
OOO00O0 Gon08
Paradox


Agent of Fortune

Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he does not been drawn by your streak of luck. In time, she taught you
wish to sign his work how to spin the wheel with a purpose. Now you waltz with

— Anatole France Lady Luck in style, an agent of fortune with an eye to the
Quote: You bet your life? I wouldn't if I were you greater good. The cards are a metaphor for life, and there's
Prelude: Daddy was a Reno cabdriver. Mom always another hand to be had.
dealt cards in the pit, drawing customers withher AS Concept: Notall Euthanatoiare killers; you prefer
looks alone. You favored Mom's Indian heri- i Aces (or Jokers) over Kings. Luck — good or bad —
tage and learned about life from Lady Luck. is the hand you deal, and it's much less permanent
Her endless dramas never disap- GZ MW than death. It's amazing how much sudden poverty
pointed you. can teach a person. On the other hand, your way
Growing up, you wandered, I with fortune helps the needy. Slot machines are
drawn by the laughter of Madame : child's play, and you get a warm feeling from the
Fortune to Vegas, Atlantic City, yy i shouts of joy you inspire. Lady Luck can flash a
Monaco and other places. Along dazzling smile.

the way, you honed the charm — Roleplaying Tips: You're a class act.
and the skills — that made the Sharp, attractive, well-versed in social graces
game easier. In the beginning, it and magickal Arts. Slide past people with an
was tough. You lost your shirt appraising eye and a quick quip. Charm
and worse. The risk, -however, / ( and money forgive a multitude of

x3 sins. You're subtle, too. Why use

to the tables and the wheels, marked cards or force when your

the thrill that sent thousands C'

that mesmerized them with natural talents tip the scales your
Luck'ssleightothand, drew wy way?
you on. Desperately, you ‘ Magick: Entropy stacks your deck,
bet it all on one last turn Mind helps you deal it, and Time helps you
ofthe cards—and broke spota lucky break. Gambling toysand luck charms
thebank.Hardfaceseyed focus your intentions, but there're no loaded dice
your fortune, but you went here

- just you, your will and Lady Fortune.

on a winning streak. By the Who could ask for anything more?

time you left, the casino was filled Equipment: Deck of cards, cash, lucky charm,

with poor losers. sexy clothes, makeup kit, expensive jewelry, can
The beating was a wake-up call. of mace.

The hands that guided you up from half-

death belonged to a Locksmith who'd

48 EUTHANATOS

| |" _—
\_ ZT AS
MAGE: The Ascension™
Name: Nature: ARCHITECT Concept: AGENT OF
Player: Essence: QUESTING Mentor: FORTUNE
Chronicle: Demeanor: BON vivANT — Cabal:
;_____________________\\j|
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception @@000
Dexterity FAST HANDS @@@@O = — Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina_____—~— ®®OOO_ = Appearance ExoTIC @@@@O 38 Wits WOOO
Ee)  _z=z_—_———E
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, @0000_ Do OOOOO — Computer. @0000
Athleti OOO0O0O _ Drive @@000 = Cosmology__ @0000
Awareness. @@000 Etiquette FUN-LOVNG @@@@O = Culture. OO00O0
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms. @@000 Enigmas. OOO00O
Dodge OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation OOO00O0
Expression, OOO0O0O0 Meditation. OOO0O0O0 Law @@000
Instruction, OOOO0O0 Melee. OOOOO Linguistics. @0000
Intuition, @0000 _ Research. OOOOO Lore. OO000O
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth @0000 Medicine. 00000
Streetwise. @@000 Survival 00000 Occult 00000
Subterfuge @@@00 Technology. @@000 Science _OOO0O0O
Correspondence. OOOOO __ Life OOOOO Prime. OOO0O0O
Entropy. @@000_ Mind @@000 Spirit OO0000
Forces OOOO0O Matter. OOO0O00 © Time. @@000

Backgrounds Arete Health
ALLIES @@000 @e@O00000000 Bruised 0d
AVATAR @0000 : Hurt st)
RESOURCES @@@8O rae ia oo ues 10
INFLUENCE @@000 Wounded Spee |
ooo<0 FOOOOOOOOO saute 20
Quiblessence Crippled Seu
Other Traits Kon "es Incapacitated oO
STYLE @@000 o o
GAMBLING @@000 Ea Q Experience
00000 ° o
00000 gO"
OOO00O Paradox


One cannot weep for the entire world. It is be action to Grandma's death. Until med school, you thought
strength. One must choose. so, too. Too many long hours and too little sleep broke you.
Jean Anouilh When they kicked you out, the depression kicked in. Brett
Quote: How much do you want to live? sat bedside as you drifted between sleep and wakefulness for
what seemed like weeks. Finally, he dragged you out of bed

Prelude: Grandma
fell down the stairs when

and forced you to the mirror. The sight was pretty
rou geessighr: [easel sobering — the sight and the power tingling through your
fed dite for hacendie fingers — the power to heal, or to kill.

and there was nothing

you could do. The am-

The local rescue squad was happy to have you, and they

had a use for those new talents. Brett was pleased. Some-
how, you knew Grandma was, too. By the time your mentor
appeared, intuition had shaped skills that took others years
to master. Now you work the street beat, where second
chances are hard to come by. Some might call this a
thankless job, but Grandma, Brett and your mentor would

bulance came too late to
save her. Grandma's
avoid that

went beyond

death left

words, but she
granted you a disagree. So would you.
destiny: to Concept: A caretaker to the bone. Some
help,tosave, people claim you're working off childhood guilt,
to avert the but that's not really true. You have a rare talent, a
pain when power that comes from God, and it would be a sin to
the dead waste it. Sure, pain's a part of life, but it shouldn't be the
leave the last thing a person feels. It's not your style to play judge
living. and jury, but if a patient's too far gone, you simply let
People nature take its course and ease his passage onward.
said your in- You heal more than just bodies; you heal souls. The
visible friend people touched by your talents experience a rebirth, a
"Brett" was a re- whisper of your own reawakening. This "spiritual CPR"
jump-starts their appreciation for life. Those folks too

hardened to salvage still receive a gift: a farewell "kiss" that

nds their souls onward with the promise of better things
next time around

Roleplaying Tips: First, make people
comfortable. Alleviate their pain. Speak ina
calm voice, even when your own temper

rises. Take care of those around you, even

when off duty. Pain doesn't punch a time
clock. Neither do you.

Magick: Life, obviously, is your spe-
cialty. It's amazing what medicine can
accomplish these days. Mind helps you judge

r, it passes

your healing gift to your patients and their loved ones.

Prayer, medical procedures and a calm, soothing voice
focus your intentions and your Arts.

Equipment: Medical equipment, ambulance, uni-

50 EUTHANATOS

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: CAREGIVER Concept: EMT
Player: Essence: PATTERN Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: cArEciveR — Cabal:
inn

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@00 = Charisma @@000 Perception HEALTH @@@@O0
Dexterity, @@000 = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @ee@00
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance. @@000 Wits @@@00
re QQ aE

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000_ Do OOOOO — Computer. @0000
Athletics. @0000 Drive @@@00 = Cosmology. @@000
Awareness, @@000 Etiquette @0000 Culture 00000
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms. @@000 - Enigmas @@000
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation, @e@000
Expression. OOOOO Meditation. @0000 Law @0000
Instruction. OOOOO Melee. @0000 Linguistics OOO00O0
Intuition, OOOOO - Research. OOOOO Lore OOO00O
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth. OOOO0O Medicine Emercency @@@@O
Streetwise. @0000 Survival 00000 Occult OOO00O0
Subterfuge. OOO0O0O0 _ Technology__ @@®@®OO = Science @@000
—————————————————E—————————
Correspondence___OOOOO __Life. @@@00 Prime OOOO0O
Entropy. @0000 Mind @@000 Spirit 00000
Forces. OOOOO Matter OOOOO _ Time. OO000O0

Backgrounds Arete Health
AVATAR ee0e) @@©@0000000 Bruised oO
DREAM @@000 Willpowe Hurt nigel
ARCANE ©0000 6 4g ©} sane oo injured 1d

OO00O0 Wounded 20
ooodo FOOOOOOOOA saute 20
Quintessence Crippled 5 0

: e809 capacitate

Other Traits Kg %% Incapacitated oO
OO00O0 im) a e =
OO0000 °o a Experience
00000 o a
00000 Ooae
OOO00O Paradox


Planters and

Harvesters

I distrust the underground world, but I want to understand
it...because if the Masters of the World exist, they can only be
underground: this is a truth that all sense but few dare utter

— Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum

A fearsome lot, these death mage: 's brimming
with an aversion to life and a thirst for blood. That's what their
tivals say, and the tales of dread Helekar have made such talk grow
all the louder. Surely the greatest of their numbers must have
bloodstained souls and hands whitened with bone dust.

Mustn'c they? Fair question. You be the judge.

Pheodora

A leading member of the Pomegranate Deme, Pheodora was
a companion and friend (and possibly lover) of Haroun, known to
history as Cygnus Moro (see The Fragile Path). As one of the few
female members of the soon-to-be Tradition present at the Grand
Convocation, she also lent a different perspective to the proceed-
ings. She apparently brought Moro into the Convocation hoping
that his soft voice and keen insight might help bring the disparate
groups together under a single banner. She also spoke eloquently
about the twin concepts of Fate and Karma; through her influ-
ence, the two were merged into the common concept of Tamas —
Entropy — that has guided the Tradition's teachings ever since

The fascination with Greek culture and scholarship that ran
through the Italian Renaissance was a godsend to people like
Pheodora. The daughter of a scholar and a midwife, she hired her
considerable talents with Greek and Latin out to her father's
friends — a group that included several wizards. It is said she
Awakened after a near-fatal case of plague; during her weeks of
sickness and recovery, Pheodora claimed she descended to the
Underworld, spoke with Persephone herself, and ascended with a
new stalk of grain. When planted, this grain yielded a rich wheat
harvest in less than a year. Like the wheat, Pheodora soon grew,
from a talented girl to a skilled magician. Her studies served her
well when the Convocation summons swept across the land.
When things came together, Pheodora was at the forefront.

Pheodora's skill with medicine, languages and earthly magick
made her many friends during the long years of the Convocation.
Many Euthanatoi healers follow her example to this day. Her Arts
focused equally on the forces of life and death, and she taught that
without an understanding of both, each was meaningless. She met
death herself when she was only 26, a victim of a local skirmish
with the Turks. Accounts claim Pheodora was administering to
wounded soldiers when a band of raiders overran her camp-
ground — a fate she had foreseen a week before. Even so, she'd
gone off to help, knowing she was doomed. Her last journal entry,

dated several days before the raid, says simply:

52 EUTHANATOS

fear the caverns to dark Hades waiting past the cut threads of my
youth. The cold wind beckons from across the farmer's field. Does a
Field of my own, an Elysium Field, await, or a Christian fire-field for
pagans such as I, or a shade-field wrapped in spirits of the dancing dead?

The fields are hungry for souls. Threads wind upon the spool. Yet
I cannot refuse the call. The scales have come up even. Why should 1
have cause to weep? I will return anew. No Field can hold my heart.

Voormas, Grand Harvester of Souls

The sudden exposure and disappearance of the House of
Helekar catapulted its longtime master Voormas from respected
obscurity to hunted infamy. Though he once distinguished him-
self among Euthanatoi with his loyalty and efficiency, somewhere
along the way he crossed the line between dutiful assassin and
sadistic murderer. In his eyes, Kali dances her last steps upon the
dying Earth. The Age of Iron is at hand, and Voormas considers
himself a disciple of that age.

Voormas' downward spiral took many centuries, but began
in the streets of old Calcutta. As a young priest of the Dark
Mother, he preached the coming of the Age of Kali. As he
descended into the Underworld again and again, he attained a
fixation on death that rivaled the most depraved vampires'
Knowing that such a fascination would bring him under suspi-
cion, Voormas gravitated to the hidden sect founded by Grand

Harvester Helekar: The Consanguinity of Eternal Joy.

After years of faithful service, Voormas slew Helekar in a

duel for the leadership of the Realm, then assumed the master's

mantle. Under his command, the societies of the house moved
from their original purpose — protecting the sect from
outsiders — to a covert agenda of murder. At the behest of
powerful spirits who claim to be avatars of Kali and Shiva,
Voormas had gathered the powers of death and misery and used
them to fuel the dark essence of his Realm. Over time, the House
of Helekar has become a bone-dusted shrine to depravity and
pain. Voormas has sheltered the Realm's true nature and purpose
for nearly 200 years. That masquerade, however, has ended at last

When

reports of its true nature, they discovered an empty plain of dust,

gents of the Council descended on the Realm after
marked by massive footprints and copious amounts of blood and
corpses. Voormas has vanished, taking the House of Helekar with
him. Where he is now is anyone's guess, but the Council expects
to find out soon enough.

The monumental powers at this master's command should
be obvious enough; any man capable of moving a castle and
sheltering it from the collected Council is more a force of nature

than a mage. Despite his obvious corruption, those who know

Voormas claim he's sincere. Some mysticks speculate that he
went to the Nephandic Cauls long ago, but many Euthanatoi
doubt that assumption. Voormas honestly believes he's serving
the gods of destruction with his work, and feels that the time has
come for the end of the Earth we know. Voormas' warrior-form,
a huge six-armed demon with features of both Shiva and Kali,
suggests either divine favor orreligious insanity. Some Chakravanti
secretly wonder if Voormas is right — perhaps the end has come.

Even so, Voormas is not immortal. Several aspirants have
tried to assassinate this Grand Harvester of Souls. The lucky ones
died before they reached the torture pits of Helekar. With the
Couneil's bounty on his head, this ancient killer makes a tempt-
ing target. Itis whispered, however, that whoever slays the Master
of Helekar will be cursed with the same bloodlust that turned this
ancient mage into the king of killers. Kali has no answer. She only
dances, laughs and dances some more

enex

"The Old Man," they call him. Even when he was young,
many knew him by that name. Wise beyond his years, Senex once
befriended the Seer Akrites Salonikas (see Cult of Ecstasy and
The Fragile Path). Noting the young mystick's serious demeanor,
Akrites christened him Senex, ot "Old Man." The name stuck for
nearly 500 years.

Senex's real name and origins are lost to time. His confi-
dantes, who are few and far between, know he studied magick in
Great Zimbabwe early in the 16th century. By the time the city
fell, he was an accomplished sorcerer with an aptitude for Fate-
based Arts and divination. In contrast to his flamboyant fellow
mysticks, Senex advocated subtlety. His preference probably kept
him alive during the long witch-hunts of the age. Though he has
been credited with hundreds of impressive feats, he rarely "signs"
his work. It's the Old Man's way to simply appear, act and fade
away

Although he's a known foe of the Technocracy, Senex
prefers to teach than to kill. Unlike many of his contemporaries,
the Old Man maintains close ties with young mages, and stays
fluent in their ways. Although he supposedly retreated from the
earthly realm several centuries ago, he often reappears for short
visits. During two such journeys, Senex took apprentices. The
first was a $

panish peasant named Mercedes; the second was an
American assassin named Amanda. Word has begun to spread in
certain circles that Mercedes (or Mercy) has been reborn in
Amanda, but no one knows whether the corruption that caused
Senex to kill the first apprentice has carried through in the
second. Only time will tell.

As one might expect, Senex's name carries a great deal of
weight among Euthanatoi. Although he declined a position on
the Council in favor of remaining in his isolated Chantry on
Cerberus, Senex has many allies throughout the Traditions.
Some Chakravanti prophets claim the Old Man plays an impor-
tant part in destiny's game. With the House of Helekar's
disappearance and Senex's role in the hunt, some mages speculate
that a showdown between the Old Man and the archmage
Voormas might be in store...

Despite his age, Senex resembles a middle-aged black man in
good health. His voice, unaccented by his many dialects, glides
smoothly across parables, jests and soft formalities. No one doubts
the power such a mage must have at his command, but Senex just
smiles and extends his hand. He has no need for shows of force.
The Old Man is a shadow, a murmur, a soft campfire. He has no
need to be anything more than that.



ppendixs

‘The Jewels of

In art and dreams, may you proceed with abandon

In life, may you proceed with balance and stealth

— Patti Smith

Coumatha: The Crossroads of Styles

Go forth, under the open sky, and list

To Nature's teachings, while from all
around—

Earth and her waters, and the depths of
air—

Comes a still voice...

William Cullen Bryant, "Thanatopsis"
Connected ata crossroad, the Euthanatoi
gather from four different points on the magickal map
From the oldest corner come the Hindu mysticks whose
language and perspective have left the deepest mark on the
Tradition. From the cold north, the ¢

eltic followers of
Annwnand the Morrigan bring their affinity for the hidden
world. The Greek pagans of Persephone and Hades add a
ritualistic flavor filled with dark caves, secret languages and
immutable Fate. Finally, the practitioners of voodoo (an
eclectic path in itself) take up the fallen standard of the old

Mayan wizards, mixing the primal spirit Arts, modern
refinements, and their own close affinity with death

The meeting place is death itself, and the life that
springs from death. In that circle, all four roads come
together. Newerstyles have risen like weeds from the fertile
dirt in the center of the Tradition — techno-Euthanatoi

and Romantics who meld the old ways with science and

occultism. Death mages are nothing if not resourceful.

Drawing from these diverse magickal styles (see Mage,
pages 72-73, 179-182), this Tradition has forged an eclectic
nd the
> their

practice based on the nine Arts, its native beliefs

certainties of death, decay and resurrection. Li
close cousins, the Ecstasy Cultists and the Verbena, the
Chakravanti observe the eternal flux of creation. Some
personify it as gods. Some treat it as principles or natural
forces, but all agree on one point: All things die, but death
is not an ending


56

~
S

EUTHANATOS

Hindus

These Euthanatoi focus themselves on the ascending
order of things. By becoming one with that order, meditat-
ing on itand transcending mortal views, a mage can stir the
dust into patterns of his own design. He does not change
dharma (the principle of cosmic duty); he changes karma
(the principle of action and result). By making things come
to pass, he causes other things to follow. Such mages prefer
tobe called Cl

akravanti; the name indicatess their place in
the Great Cycle. Outside most mortals' dharma, they follow
sacred steps in the dance of death and rebirth.

Indian mysticks often favor Tantrik arts (which focus
internal energies and discipline the body and mind), reli-
gious symbols, offerings, prayers and sacrifices of the self
and of others. While Kali and Shiva are the obvious symbols
of Hindu Chakravanti, the power of the lotus (which they
often wear in some form) is more important than the sword.

Celtic Pagans and Romantics

Ai oprressed cand hidden: mtnoricy since before the
Council's days, these mysticks share a strong tie to the
Verbena. While the latter focus on the "life" side of the
Cycle, though, Thanatoics favor death and decay. To them,
the autumn wind that sweeps the dead leaves from the trees
and scatters them to the ground where they fertilize the
spring grasses is a powerful symbol for the Thanatoics' own
role in creation. Many Romantics seized on the same
concepes duting the 1800s, and thelr néo-Gothic descen-
dants follow them today

Celtic Euthanatol favor prayers to thelr gods, samples
of the elements, group rituals, blood sacrifices, ashes and

body parts. Like Verbena, they often give their own blood

Some modern Romantics add

as part of a greater working.
Tarot cards or dice to their workings, but most traditional
pagans leave such elements alone

Greeks

The most formal Thanatoics follow the Greek and
Arabic refinements. Combining pagan worship with the
concept of Fate, divination and near-Hermetic rituals,
these intellectuals lay low out of habit. During the Convo-
cation, these Greeks hid from the Turks who occupied their
homeland. Close study during those shadowy years brought
them into contact with the survivors of forbidden Arab
sects. Their secret codes and hidden meeting places melded
with older legacies: the Eleusean mysteries, rural pagan
observances and the complex chants and diagrams of Ara-
bic and Egyptian magick. Greek Euthanatoi insist on the
proper use of the plural and get indignant when someone
calls them "The Euthanatos."

Subtle and ritualistic, these Thanatoics prefer to di-
vine a course before taking any action. Their style includes
complex chants, prayers to Greek gods (often Persephone,

Kore, Hecate and Hades), and fruits, wheat, water and dust.
Purification is extraordinarily important to followers of the
Greek style; to them, killing leaves a blood-taint that can

only be purged with ritual baths and prayers.

Voodooists

The Tradition's newest members are used to war. In the
Caribbean Gulf, this tiny contingent (which prefers the
name Ta Kiti) contends with vampires, angry spirits, the
hostile Bata'a (see The Book of Crafts), and an endless
more

cycle of disease and poverty. These Voodooists hav
strength in the cities of North America, where there's more
room to move —and to hide. These dreaded mysticks, more
militant than many of their kind, personify the Spheres as
loa spirits. To invoke their magicks, they make pleas and
sacrifices to the appropriate loa (Legba, Damballah, Erzulie,
Baron Samedi and sometimes even Chango) and open

themselves to possession.
Yatholic

These mysticks favor a bloody style that ties
symbolism, African and Native American spirit arts, and
They often use prayers, the

modern technology togethe

music, dance, salt, sugar and

elements, sacrificial offerir
body parts to move the Wheel through the blessings of the
spirits

>chno-Euthanatos

nent of the Tradi-

The smallest yet fastest-growing se;
tion melds all of the other styles together, combining them
in a metaphysical soup of chaos theory, advanced math-
ematics, computer hacking and biomanipulation. Many of
the more "traditional" Euthanatoi consider these bastard
mysticks to be little better than Technocrats, and few
outsiders can tell the difference between a techno-
Euthanatos and a Virtual Adept or a mad Progenitor

Toatechno-Euthanatos, science and philosophy prove
the inherent mortality of concepts. Objects, beings,
ideas — all disintegrate under stress and reform as new and
different things. This breakdown fascinates the technos,
who would rather purge a database than killa person. These
mad mages channel their Arts through computer terminals,
viruses (both data and biological), complex mathematical
equations, high-powered weapons and mind-altering drugs.
Many Euthanatoi keep their distance when these guys go to
work, Who's to say what'll happen when the chaos theory

comes true?

NT
>

Z
g
Z 2
G

SS

anes


The Nine Arts

Where there is magic, there is no death

— Joseph Campbell

Like many Traditions, the Thanatoics agree on nine
key elements of reality but disagree about what tocall them.
While the formal terms discussed below constitute the
"orthodox" titles for the Spheres, many Euthanatoi ignore
them. The principles behind the names, however, are

generally agreed upon within the Tradition's ranks. Some
traditional occultists prefer to use titles from their own
cultures rather than the ones below, and many modern-day
Thanatoics simply use the most common names for the
Spheres — Correspondence, Entropy and soon — or teach
the principles without degrading them with names.

Correspondence — Avayavin, "The Whole"

To the Euthanatoi, all thingsare connected bya primal
thread. Euthanatoi who prefer the Greek elements of their
‘Ariadne's Thread"; those

cult refer to Correspondence as
who use voodoo magicks simply call on Legba, the Opener
of the Ways. Either way, this Sphere calls upon the whole
to share one thing with another.

Entropy — Tamas, "Dark Inertia"

Tamas is the truth of inertia and decay, the principle

that all things break apart. Although some death mages
view this Sphere as Fate, Karma, Probability or Baron
Samedi, most simply call it Tamas. A Euthanatos can plan
the course of Fate by observing and channeling this dark
inevitability,

One of the Euthanatoi's great achievements was the

melding of Fate — the immutable will of the gods — with

karma and dharma and the eternal Cycle. By finding the

common ground and staking a claim to it, the original

founders brought the four roads together in the soil of death.

Thus, the Art has become their symbol and their specialty.
Forces — Tejas, "The Shining Power"
Energy is the Shining Power, the inner fire ofall things.
To touch itis to caress creation's heartbeat. By shifting this
natos moves the world.

attention to the elements, a Eut

It's a handy skill to have when the Wheel needs to be put
in balance.

Life — Prana, "Life Breath"

Life is the dance of the spark in the flesh, the essence
that bonds matter, mind and spirit into one. It quivers
between the living world and the Shadowlands, waiting to
be shifted into some new miracle. Like Persephone, life rises
out of the Underworld. Most Euthanatoi learn Prana as a
second Art. To understand death, you must appreciate life.

58 EUTHANATOS

Matter — Pakriti, "Form"

Without Prana, matter is form only, separate from
spirit and consciousness. Even so, the principle of Pakriti
t. To
shapea thing, you must direct this drive. Do so with respect,
and the forms will recall your name.

Mind — Manas, "Mind"

The mind is part of the living whole, the sentience that
lingers after Life has failed and Spirit has fled. The ghosts
who shimmer in the Twilight Lands anchor their souls

teaches that all objects pulse with the drive to manifé

through force of will. The living shape matter with the
mind's creative power. Manas binds Life, Matter and Spirit,
wraps them together and gives them a purpose. To see into

the mind is to understand what makes someone whole.

Prime — Vac, "Speech"
Vac is the primal Word, the Om from which the world

was made. This vibration echoes in the veins of the world,

resounding in the shapes that we perceive. Vac is far more

than the sounds we hear — it is the echoing song of the

cosmos.

tt — Cit, "Consciousness"

Spir

The Inner Ghost is potential in motion, shaped by the
world it feeds. Without it, no living or unliving thing can
exist. Spirit is consciousness itself, not the reflection of the
mind, but the soul behind it.

Time — Sat, "Being"

Time is a Wheel, an endless cycle within endless
cycles. Kali, Chronos, Legba — all of them stand outside of
Time and open the door. Time forms the limits of our world
and guides the Tamas on its path. Only the unmanifest and
the truly enlightened can rise above the Wheel and watch
it from outside its cycle.

The Tenth Sphere: Akasha — "The Void and Well"

Outside creation is the Void, the well of all things that
are when creation is not. To harness it, as the Brotherhood
seeks to do, is to step outside the world of forms and dip your
fingers in unformed chaos. Akasha is potential outside

creation, the cosmos in pure form. Disagreements over this
view of infinity continue to this day in the halls of Horizon
and the Chantries of the Euthanatoi and the Brotherhood.

How can one define what drifts beyond description?

(

Nh

SARA RR SAAS

avanti Art

Q I

He knew what he knew: that the real world
was full of magic, so magical worlds could easily

be real

alman Rushdie, Haroun and the Sea

tories

of

Loosely translated, Siddi means "Mystick
Power Gained from Meditation" or "Inner
Energy Set Free to do Great Works." Chalech
supposedly chose this word because it summed

up the Tradition's ideal: By focusing yourself through
discipline and meditation, you unlock the power swirling
inside, the power of creation's Cycle — the power of life
and death.

Like their Ecstatic cousins, Chakravanti recognize the
miraculous nature of creation. Some savor each fleeting
sensation while others glide through life silently, brushing

their fingers across each surface but never holding on. If

most Euthanatoi seem somber, it's because they recog

ize
the passing nature of the world. By dying and returning to
life, they see the precious yet fragile nature of the living
world, and they defend it with a fanatic's zeal. A life is
fleeting, a world is not. Reincarnation's not worth much if
there's nothing left to come back to.

Death is, of course, the Euthanatoi calling card. It

follows them in a hundred forms, drifting through their

magickal Arts and coloring the world as they pass. Everyone
expects it of them, and they do seem to be the masters of it.
The mastery gained from agamas, study and hard-won
experience gives Chakravanti an edge when dealing with
death magick. This edge offers shadow magicks to those
who can stand the cost

Shor: The Death-Taint

Death? What do you know about death?

— Liers in Wait, "Blood and Family"

Death makes a fascinating companion. He's such an
interesting acquaintance that some people, including many
Euthanatoi, don't know when to ask him to leave. Once you
make peace with death, he tends to make himself at home.

Those who deal too closely with death begin to share
its taint. At first, people simply shy away from the mage in
question; over time, comfort with death turns to fascination
and sometimes to obse:

on. The touch of mortality follows

the mystick, sometimes killing insects and flowers in her
presence. Sometimes, this effect becomes severe enough to
kill small animals and chase healthier ones away. The aura

of death becomes so strong that it erodes the mage

anity
and her soul. Most Thanatoics who turn barabbi reach this
point just before the Fall. Death becomes such a fixture in
their lives that life itself flees their presence.

Appendix 59


In game terms, death-taint begins to take over when a
Euthanatos:
* Relies too heavily on magicks involving death or decay;

© Suffers some extremely traumatic event (torture, afriend's

* Kills too frequently (especially with magic

damnation);

© Spends unhealthy amounts of time around dead bodies
and ghosts, or;

© Continually botches Entropy or death-related spells, or
suffers Paradox backlashes of 5 points or more with such
Effects.

Jhor points are noted on a character's sheet (see page
72). The Storyteller might have a Euthanatos player roll his
Jhor level if something really traumatic happens (torture, a
friend's death, etc.). If a critical event occurs, the player
may make a Willpower roll to avoid deepening the death-
taint. The roll's difficulty begins at 4 and goes up by +1 for
each level of the character's existing taint. A Chakravat

with two dots in Jhor makes his rolls at difficulty 6. Success
means the Jhor actually falls one level (stopping at a base of
zero, or difficulty 4). Failure keeps the taint at its current

level. A botch gives the character an additional point of

Jhor. This rating is permanent until some story event (see
below) works the taint away.

All Chakravanti know the importance of keeping a
balanced approach to death. Lose that balance, and you
become the next Voormas, a symbol of what everyone fears
from your Tradition. Death carries a powerful Resonance
(Mage, page 71); if you can't control such energies, they will
control you — and consume you.

Jhor begins asa morbid curiosity and progresses through
the following stages:

1: The mage feels drawn to death. Her conversations
grow morbid; her wardrobe assumes mourning colors; her
dreams feature death and burial motifs. People smile tightly
while she speaks.

2: The mage feels compelled to seek death out. She
ray haunt graveyards, read Romantic poetry, rentall six
parts of the Faces of Death series, and so on. If there's a body
(or an undead creature) around, she'll spend lots of time in
its presence. People and animals become distinctly uncom-
fortable around the mage, and avoid her company.

3: The mage grows exceedingly morbid. She never goes
out in sunlight, and seems incapable of talking about
anything without bringing up death. Her dreams become
horror movies that fascinate and repulse her at the same
time. Most "normal" folks keep their distance, and animals
slink away.

4: Death becomes the mystick's companion. She be-
gins to show signs of corruption to those who can see them.
Her aura blackens, and misty clouds surround her in the
spirit world. To shapeshifters, she "stinks of the Wyrm."

Mortal people and animals grow physically uncomfortable


if the mage is around, and her dreams and conversations
stay completely in shadow

5: Things begin to die when the mystick is around
Flowers whither, flies drop and grass turns brown as she
passes. Children run screaming from the mage's presence,
and her own thoughts make Edgar Allen Poe look cheerful.
Living creatures instinctively avoid the mage whenever
possible, and she becomes a psychic vampire, feeding off
any vitality in her presence. Ifthings don't die on their own,
the mage might kill them herself. Mere death is no longer
enough to satisfy her — now she wants to watch things
suffer.

It's often hard to tell when you're on the way down the

slope. Most Euthanatoi hover somewhere between the first
and second stages just as a matter of course. When the mage
notices her deterioration, she can sometimes fight the
effects by making a serious effort to steer her thoughts away
from death (through Willpower rolls) until her sense of
balance returns. Long meditations on life and rebirth can
also be helpful.

At stage three and onward, Flaws (see The Book of
Shadows) be Flaws like Dark F

Haunted, Psychic Vampire, Spirit Magnet (Banes) and

gin to manifest te,

Throwback. The final stages of Jhor are difficult to escape.
Only an agama, a Seeking or a prolonged purification ritual
can bring a mystick back from the fourth or fifth stages. An
Euthanatos at the fifth stage doesn't want to come back;

death has become the only thing she values. She must be

brought back — or destroyed — by her companions.

The Endless Breath: Euthanatos

In the future — and I never thought I'd hear myself saying
this — no more dead people in the living room!

— Blossom

To the uninitiated, all Euthanatoi are necromanc

It's not true, but it's acommon misconception. While they
do study death and the dead, most Chakravanti avoid
actually using death magicks. Such Arts carry Jhor, and can

be more trouble than they're worth.

Even so, necromancy — the Art of raising or channel-
ing the dead, or of rousing their remains — is a specialty of
certain Tradition sects. The Ta Kiti, in particular, are
especially drawn to spells that call the dead forth. Most
necromantic rituals involve summoning ghosts to some
appointed place, but some draw on the essence of death

rather than on Restless souls. The most dis

gusting forms of

reanimate dead

the Art of Corpses do just that — the
bodies, or pieces of them. Even Euthanatoi look darkly on
sorcerers who would move the bodies of the dead. There's

something obscene about commanding that which used to

be alive as if it still were.
* Calling Ghosts
The most common form of death magick involves
calling up ghosts. In story terms, the necromancer lays out
artifacts from the departed, goes into a trance and demands
the wraith's attention. Depending on the mystick and the
ghost, their "discussion" can range from an affectionate

request to a threat. Once the "conversation" is over, the
mystick dismisses the wraith, who returns to the Under-

world.

In game terms, the mage should have a Fetter or two
(see Wraith: The Oblivion, pages 41-42) in addition to his

usual foci. The Fetter won't compel the ghost to attend, but

it helps. Most wraiths will do anything to protect their
Fetters — destroying such ties sends the ghost into torments
called Harvowings. Calling the wraith simply requires
Spirit 2. Ordering it around against its will demands Spirit
4 and a lot of luc

ament, location and current state. It's much

. The mage's success depends on the

spirit's tempe

easier to call a ghost who recently died in the room where
the Euthanatos stands than it is to summon the wraith of
Hitler from the banks of the Ganges River.

As many Euthanatos have discovered the hard way,
Entropy has a nasty effect on ghosts. It works easily (-2
difficulty), but literally brings out the worst in a wraith —
his Shadow. Each success grants the wraith a point of Angst
and forces him to make an immediate Willpower roll
s the

Spectre waiting inside every ghost. Gods help everyone

(difficulty = the mage's successes + 5). Failure unloc

around then....

Amount of Animated Material

One A few bones or small part (a finger)
Two A complex part (a hand)

Three A limb or head

Four Several limbs and a torso

Five A whole body

Appendix 61


Any sensible necromancer knows how to ward an area
to protect it from ghosts (Wraith, page 288). Since the
consequences of botched death magick can be pretty se-

vere, a Chakravat often wards himself inside a protective

circle away from the Fetter. Such circles often include

blood, salt, water, herbs or all of the above. More sophisti-
cated necromancers inscribe their wards with Hermetic
glyphs and call friendly spirits for additional protection.
Such summonings can get very crowded if everything goes
according to plan!

Not every soul can be summoned by necromancy
Many of the dead simply pass into Oblivion; others may
le

Euthanatos tries to summon someone whose soul has passed

k Fetters and are barred from the lands of the living. If a

beyond (into either Oblivion or Transcendence), he will
fail. Instead, he might conjure either a floating memory of
the lost individual, summoned forth from the Tempest, or
a Spectre, which may have acquired knowledge of the lost
soul by devouring its memory.

Wraiths (including Spectres) without Fetters cannot be
summoned unless they wish to be. Such wraiths, with the
olved their Fe

exception of those rare few who have Re

ters, are physically damaged by merely visiting the
Shadowlands, and few have any wish to do so at the bidding

of a mere mortal mage.

¢ Reanimation
A gruesome form of necromancy reanimates dead bod-
ies (or parts of bodies) at the sorcerer's command. An
Ta Kiti, this Art evokes

nightmares even from a Euthanatos' allies! In story terms,

infamous "trademark" of the

the body parts require extensive preparation to make them
receptive to Thanatoic magick. Charms are spoken, herbs
sprinkled and spirits invoked. The ghost of the departed

may or may not be joined with the corpse, depending on the

mage's wishes and sadism, through a spirit-binding ritual. A
final command manipulates the dead flesh into a puppet-
like state.

In game terms, animating dead tissue simply demands
Life 2/ Prime 2; bare bones require Matter 2/ Prime 2. The
number of successes determines how much dead material
the necromancer can raise or animate. Locking the spirit

Spirit 4 Effect.

into the body requires an additional $

© Necrosynthesis

The darkest necromantic Arts unleash the essence of
death itself. Channeled through living beings, this "liquid
mortality" whithers flesh, crumbles bones, rots organs and
destroys senses and reflexes. An especially foul form of
necrosynthesis breeds parasites or viruses by transforming
the victim's life energies into new patterns that feed on his
body as it dies. Needless to say, these evil secrets are
considered, shall we say, bad form by the Tradition as a

J

Z


whole; they're sure ways to stack your karmic deck with all

the wrong cards!

In game terms, the Euthanatos character calls up the
essence of decay through Entropy 4/ Life
resembles the fourth level of Nephandic Qlippothic En-
tropy (The Book of Madness, pages 22-24): The victim's
body bursts into a hideous, agonizing spasm of mutations,

3; the result

suffering aggravated damage as per the usual chart but
crumbling into a corrupt mass in the process. A character
killed this way is dead for good unless some Master of Life
n restore the body through potent vulgar magicks (10

successes or more).

c

Most cultures — certainly all modern ones — perse-
cute known necromancers. Practitioners of these Arts tend
to hide themselves well, indeed, even from their fellow
mages. The Chakravanti know the risks and stigma necro-
mancy bears; a careless death wizard may find out more than
he really wants to know about mortality...and its after-

math.

Fingers of Light: Foci

Asthe "Crossroads of Styles" section asserts, Euthanatoi
employ any number of ritual tools, and use them in many
ways. Regardless of the practice itself, most Thanatoics take
ritual precautions before and after a working, and direct
their will with care. When you're playing with the powers
of life, death and fate, an extra safeguard is worth the effort.

The most common Chakravanti foci include:

© Ascet
to lying on spikes, can focus any number of spells. It should

sm: Various ascetic practices, from fasting

be noted that ascetic practices are anything but fun or
pleasant. Self-mutilation — a common feature in voodoo
and Tantrik magick — falls under this gruesome heading.
Such sacrifices involve driving nails through body parts,
slitting open veins, tattooing and even skinning oneself
alive. The ultimate sacrifice — death — is considered the
ultimate offering and is said to do great things.

© Bells and Drums: Percussion instruments, which
mimic the heartbeat, find their way into many s
especially Hindu and voodoo practice:

* Bone:
bones may be carved into tools (dice, weapons, etc.), waved

yles,

Viral links between life, death and the mage,

as wands, burned into ash or broken to release a Chakravat's
intentions.

* Canes, Sticks or Wands: Often carved of bone or
ed wood, these "legs" symbolize the power of divine
law, directing the mage's will at some transgressor. Many
Euthanatos, especially voodooists and Romantics, carry
some form of cane or staff.

bless

© Computers: The Lakshmists' favorite toys, comput-

ei

and other number-crunching devices allow a mage to
shift probability on a grand scale. Most techno-Euthanatos
link their systems to other lines, scattering the desired

results like poisoned grain, sabotaging security controls or

disseminating chaos propaganda across the internet.

© Dance: This classic focus conducts energy through
the body and focuses the mind outward. As exhaustion sets
in, consciousness takes wing.

* Dice, Cards and Lots: Games of chance are tradi-
tional pastimes in India; cards, especially Tarot decks,
found their way into occultism long ago. The connections
between fate, mortality and random "chance" make cards
and dice natural foci for Thanatoic workings, and all styles
use them.

* Drugs and Poisons: The essence of distilled mortal-
ity, poisons find their way into all sorts of rites, from
Awakenings to assassinations. Most Euthanatos drink drams
of poison, giving themselves a "small taste of death" just
before entering a trance or a fight. Vision drugs, like
absinthe, opium, hashish and LSD, channel the mage's
thoughts to a higher plane, while certain spirits (especially
voodoo loa) demand offerings of tobacco, rum or wine
before they'll assist a mage.

Rather than compiling an exhaustive list of poisons
and their game effects (which is beyond the scope of this
book), a Storyteller can simply assign a story effect to a
toxin, give the target a chance to discover or survive the
attack, and declare the outcome in story terms. A Percep-
tion + Alertness, Subterfuge or Poisons roll could give the
mina, soak or

target a chance to discover the poison. A S

Willpower roll might offer the victim a chance to shrug off
the worst effects, while a Stamina + Meditation, Herbalism
or Occult roll could reflect a mind-over-body purging
The Destiny's Price sourcebook offers a number of
common drugs and poisons and their effects on pages 116

and 119, in addition to details about the black market and

a host of vicious weapons.

© Eye Contact: The eyes are the windows to the soul.
By making eye contact, a mage can bind his shadow
another's spirit. The Chakravanti claim it's an easy jump

between the g

CrOSS

ance in the eye and the beat of the heart.

¢ Fetters: Essential parts of necromancy, Fetters link
the Restless Dead with the living world. Anything can be
a Fetter, so long as it has some deep connection to the ghost
in question. A mage with a wraith's Fetter can negotiate
bargains, command service or shatter the ghost's connec-
tions to the living world. While Fetters hold no real power
in and of themselves, they're vital to those who deal with
the Restless Dead.

Fire: The sacrificial fire is the gateway to heaven.
Bodies, bones and herbs are often burned, and brands are
heated to purify cold steel into living fire. Flame is warmth,
destruction and divinity, and finds its way into all Euthanatos
practices.

¢ Fruits, Seeds, Juices and Flowers: The old gives way
to the new through juices and seeds. Most Eut!

anatos eat

Append 2-40


fruits, grind them into pulp or drink their juices, then
scatter the seeds and rinds to foster new growth. Figs, grapes
and pomegranates are important symbols within the Tradi
tion, while flowers like the lotus and the jasmine adorn the
mages or their sacred sites.

© Mantra
bolic tools in India; mantras

Sound is one of the most important sym.
symbols of the First
Sound — form the key to the cosmos itself. It's important
to know the proper mantra and exactly how to pronounce it
A mage using a mantra incorrectly may find it ineffective if
not downright dangerous. Mantras can only be passed on
orally; written mantras are "dead" and supposedly have no
power. Some Euthanatoi (especially orthodox Chakravanti)
recite entire texts during important rituals. Time-consum-

ing as this may be, it's considered a potent exercise of

willpower, devotion and spiritual purity.

© Meditation: A meditative trance focuses the mind
and allows one to

amine one's thoughts. Such reflections
(standard training in all E
elaborate; a trained meditator can clear her mind in mo-

thanatos styles) don't have to be

ments.

© Purification: "Don't track mud on Death's doormat"
is a common Thanatoic jest. Simply put, the Euthanatoi
believe in cleaning up — physically, emotionally and
spiritually — before going to work. Methods include bath-

64 EUTHANATOS

and rigorous ordeals.

© Sacrifice: Offerings, whether of ghee, herbs or hu-
man lives, form the backbone of Vedic ritual. Voodoo
practices always involve some sort of sacrifice, as do many
Greek rites. Although they prefer to avoid innocent blood
sacrifice these days, the "death mages" still labor under a
murderous stigma brought about, to a degree, by their belief
in sacrifice. The Good Death is another thing entirely; in
the eyes of most Euthanatoi, a bad life put to a good end
serves the common cause better than a lost soul continuing
to spread its poison does

© Sex: The obvious link between an orgasm's "little
death" and the Real Thing creates a powerful sympathetic

bridge across sex magick. Despite preconceptions,

Euthanatos sex rites (like those of many Cultist cousins) are
precise and sensual, rising from contact to climax along a

series of postures and refinements that take them light-

years beyond simple rutting. Many Tantriks abstain from
orgasm to reach immortality, redirecting their mystic ener-
gies — ojas — into powerful longevity spells, while less
ambitious mages focus those ojas into their willcraft

¢ Water: Like death itself, water isa transitional force,
deep atid tinknowablerLike death; ic purifies by'sweeping

away. To Hindu Euthanatoi, the water of the sacred Ganges

river is most effective; voodooists prefer holy or salted

water; Celtic mages prefer samples from the rivers of their
homelands. Some Greek Euthanatoi supposedly use water
from the River Styx itself, but that claim is suspect. Some
mages even use spit.

In game terms, the different types of water make little
or no difference; a Storyteller might offer an additional -1
reduction to a Euthanatos' difficulty if she uses a "special"
type of water as a unique focus (Mage, page 182). If she
prefers to make the water itself special, the Storyteller
might consider such sacred fluid to be Tass. Otherwise,
water is simply water, a ritual tool to be sprinkled, washed
or poured over the subject of the mystick's Arts.

© Weapons: See below.

© Yantra:
design that symbolizes a deity's power or some essential

A yantra is a visual mantra, a geometric

force. Yantras are drawn, then either sat in or stared at

during meditation. Sometimes the drawing itself forms a
focus as the mage weaves the pattern of the yantra together
in a visual design.

Weapon Difficulty Damage Conceal _ Notes

Blowgun 7 2 J Often poisoned; worthless in wind (Range: 10 yards)
Cat Claws, small 4 Strength +1 P Adds +2 dice to climbing (in palm)

Cat Claws, large 5 Strength +2 J (extends over fingers from back of hand)
Garrote, cloth 6 Strength P See note, p.66

Garrote, wire 6 Strength +1 P See above

Hunga-Munga 5 Strength +5 Can be thrown (Range: Strength x 3 yards)
Katar, small 5 Strength +1 P

Karar, large 6 Strength +2 J

Kris 5 Strength +3 J

Kukri, small 5 Strength +3 J

Kukri, large 6 Strength +5 N

Ninja-to 4 Strength +2 J

Stiletto 4 Strength +1 P

IF ingers of Iron: W eapon

Euthanatoi from traditional backgrounds employ a
variety of exotic weapons, especially in situations in which
style is important. After all, it's a lot more impressive to
slash through a crack gang with a hunga-munga than it is to
simply shoot them. Many of the weapons below provide
magickal foci, badges of office, physical discipline and a

sense of style. The Chakravanti are a graceful lot, and their

tools betray a certain flair.

Just as many Euthanatoi avoid killing, many others
prefer modern firepower to the shaft, dart and blade, yet
most Thanatoic killers carry some sort of blade in addition

to, or in place of, a firearm. Whether ot not a given

character clings to so-called "archaic" arms or moves with
the times depends entirely on the mystick in question, het
history, and the player's wishes. A host of additional weap-
ons can be found among the following books: The Vampire


Players Guide, Destiny's Price, Akashic Brotherhood
and World of Darkness: Combat.

¢ Blowguns are common weapons in grasslands, rain
forests
nage agencies use lightweight break-down versions of these
simple weapons. Although the dart itself is almost useless
for anything other than annoying the target, most blowgun
users poison the dart-tip (see "Drugs and Poisons," above).
Obviously, high winds, rain, and low visibility render a
blowgun all but useless. When a character uses a blowgun,
the player rolls her Dexterity + Archery unless the Story-
teller chooses to allow a separate Blowgun Skill.

and darkened alleys. Some commando and espio-

© Cat's Claws can be found in several variations, from
the African chui kisu to Japanese shuko and Indian bagh
nakh. These strap-on blades or spikes run in a bar under or
over the knuckles. Depending on the length of the blades,
they can rake and grapple, or simply slash a target to
ribbons.

The shorter varieties allow the wearer to get a grip

on walls, and include a set of counterparts to be worn on the
the back of the
hand, don't confer any bonus to climbing attempts. Both

feet. The long blades, which stretch across

variations make it difficult to use your hands.

© A Garrote loops arounda target's throat and strangles
him quickly and quietly. It's a difficult weapon to use; an
assassin must be strong enough to hold the victim and
brutal enough to choke him to death from behind. The
traditional tools of the Thuggee include garrotes made of
silk kerchiefs with a coin inside; these strangling cords

the thinner garrotes of hemp, leather or piano

function lik

wire (see chart).
A

witha

uthanatos must use both hands to strangle someone

rote. After the character sneaks up on the victim,

the player needs at least three successes on a Dexterity +
Brawl roll (see chart for difficulty) for the victim to be
unaware. The victim doesn't take any damage during the
first turn of the attack, but suffers the weapon's damage each

turn thereafter. Unless he breaks free (which generally

requires a resisted Strength roll between the assassin and
her victim, with the latter suffering +2 to his difficulty), the
target cannot speak, shout or soak damage from the attack.
The Euthanatos inflicts her weapon's damage against the
target until she relents or he dies.

It's worth mentioning that a garrote is useless against
opponents who don't need to breathe (like vampires or HIT
Marks), and difficult to use against animals or certain
Bygones. Neck protection (or especially large throats)

render strangling weapons useless. Choking a person to

death is a long, ugly process; would-be stranglers should be
aware that this kind of as

humane.

assination is neither easy nor

¢ A Hunga-Munga is one of the most intimidating
hand weapons ever devised. Thick cutting blades project
out from the handle in almost every direction, balancing

66 EUTHANATOS

out the weapon's heft and providing every side with a
cutting edge. A strong combatant can throw a hunga-
munga some distance, and pity whoever's on the other end!
An African weapon favored during the late colonial period,
this vicious piece of work was valued as currency by some
tribes of the time.

© The Katar (a.k.a. punch dagger or bundi) cons
thick blade attached to a crosspiece gripped in the killer's
hand. As the assassin punches, the blade thrusts deep inside
his target, piercing armor and breaking bones. Katars range
from small pocket-punchers to huge spiked blades, and look
pretty intimidating, even from a distance.

s of a

¢ The Kris, best known for its wavy blade, has a long
history with cultures from India to the Philippines. Some
varieties, which inflict an extra die of damage, are longer,
thicker and harder to conceal.

¢ The infamous Indian Kukri comes in several differ-
ent sizes, from a brutal curved knife to a 4-1/2-pound
monstrosity used to decapitate cape buffalo.

* A perfect assassin's sword, the Ninja-To consists of
a thick handle, a sharp single-edged blade, and a scabbard
which often contains blinding powder, garrotes, blowgun
darts or other surprises. This functional blade is strong
enough to be used as a pick and straight enough to provide
a stepladder to an agile (and light!) killer.

® Stilettos fit in small, hidden places. Long, round,

often poisoned, these needle-knives are popular with secret

agents, female assassins and rough gamblers. Though risky
to use in open combat, a stiletto offers the element of
surprise. Before you see it, it's in your heart.

Ripples of the Living World

Although they're noted for violent magicks (Rip the
Man-Body, Little Good Death and Slay Machine from
Mage, or Talons, Bone Twisting Palm and The Poison
Maiden from The Book of Shadows), the Euthanatoi call
upon a variety of spells — healings, emotional bonds, spirit
summonings and acts of fortune. More often than not, their
reputation comes from extreme circumstances; most

Euthanatoi are so subtle that you never see them working.
Where'd that bowl of rice come from? How'd she know
about that file? Isn't it lucky that the dealer picked that card
when all the chips were down? The Chakravanti simply
smiles and lets Lakshmi dance.

The "Euthanatos Necromancy" section, above, details
several of the Tradition's darker secrets. Some other com-
mon "trademarks" include:

See the Soul's Burn (*¢ Entropy, * Mind, ¢ Spirit)
One of the first and most important secrets an initiate
learns is the soul-sight — the gaze that reveals a man's guilt
orinnocence. Most Hindus and Greeks stare intoa person's
eyes; Ta Kiti do the same, often adding some kind of veiled


threat or incantation; some Euthanatoi prefer to shuffle
cards and base their opinions on a draw, while others study
the subject's aura for telltale black ripples or smudges.
Either way, the truth becomes plain.

[This coincidental Effect offers a hunch about the
subject's state of soul. It is not telepathy, and will not reveal
a person's deeds, just the state of his spirit (digging into his
mind requires Mind 3). Everyone has some minor sins on
her soul; real targets — including Nephandi, Infernalists,
mass murderers, rapists, etc. — bear corrupt ripples which
above)

spread as their guilt compounds — the Jhor (se
The grea

er the taint, the easier it is to detect.

[The subject's own feelings influence the "visibility" of
the taint. A guilt-ridden killer would stand out plainly (one
success), while a poker-faced manipulator would be harder
to spot (three successes). Supernatural concealments
Arcane, mental Shield spells, etc. — deduct successes from
the Euthanatos' total, making the taint more difficult to
see. A person who's aware of the mage's scrutiny might
oppose the Effect with a Willpower roll (see Mage, page
167). Note that a Euthanatos who realizes that her magick
is being consciously blocked will follow her target until she
finds out why.]

Balance the Scales (** Entropy, or ¢*® Entropy and

© Life, Matter or even Forces)

A Chakravat's most underrated weapon is her com-
mand of fate and fortune. A simple shrug of probability
makes doors stick, guns jam, tires blow, chairs break and
roulette wheels stop on command. Luck — good and bad —
follows these mysticks around like a puppy, and all of them
turn it to their advantage, balancing the cosmic scales for
the common good.

Coming, asso many do, from the underclass, Euthanatoi
use their talents to reward the honest poor and to punish the
rich with a bit of humility. One flamboyant Euthanatos,
Oliver Wiseman, is renowned for walking through casinos
and making the slot machines pay out to people who
deserve a break. The scales tilt the other way, too, pauper-
izing folks with more money than heart. The Locksmiths
hold contests to unseat tycoons through sudden "market
shifts." Some Chakravanti "attach" good or ill fortune to a
person, an object or even a breeze, sending their blessings or
curses to linger long after a mage herself is gone. They pass
the luck through a kiss, handshake, blessing or curse and
allow fate to take over from there.

[A smart Euthanatos uses this Effect in coincidental
ways. Small "accidents" are best; the bigger the "surprise,"
the more obvious the tampering becomes. One success is
enough to effect small changes (a lucky card, a stuck door);
more extensive "fortunes" (lottery payoffs, lost pursuers)
should be harder to control (two or three successes), and
outrageous turns of fate demand some great success (five or
more). The Rank 2 version of this Effect lasts for a single
incident; to cause more "coincidences," the Chakravat
must cast the spell again.

[By "keying" a lucky Effect to a person (Life), object
(Matter) or element (Forces), the mage can lay a blessing or
curse on that subject (Mage, page 193). This demands more

skill with Entropy, but lasts longer than the single incident
controlled by Entropy 2. The greater the success, the longer
the "touch" lasts and the greater its effects

[Remember that Entropy alone cannot create some-
thing that did not exist before; it only moves what is already
in motion. Storytellers should invoke the "domino effect"
(Mage, page 165) if a death-mage juggles too many coinci-
dences in too short a time.]

Iron Avatar (¢¢¢ Life, ©** Matter, ©* Mind,
*© Prime)

By attuning herself to the essence of Kali, a Chakravat
assumes the guise of her goddess. (Male Euthanatoi channel
Shiva the Destroyer, instead.) As sharp blades grow from
her nimble hands, she spins into a dance of blood and

madness that ends when her enemies have been reduced to
severed limbs.

[This infamous battle-guise, now identified with the
archmage Voormas, resembles the Akashic Brotherhood
rote Avatar Form. The spectacle of six-armed Akashics
battling eight-armed Chakravanti found its way into Vedic
folklore, which in turn influenced others to adopt the Iron
Avatar technique.

[Vulgar Life magick shifts the mage into a 10-foot,
eight-armed monstrosity; Matter creates the swords in the
mystick's hands and Prime keeps the whole thing going
while Mind allows the mage to concentrate. The player
gains six extra dice for her Dexterity + Melee pool, and adds
one Health Level per success to her Health total. Clothing
and/or gear does not grow with the mage, and may burst or
tear away. Damage suffered in this form does not disappear
when the Effect wears off; unless she heals her injuries, the
mage may die when Kali's favor departs.

[The essence of destruction incarnate drives the mage
into a killing frenzy; until the Effect ends, she rages across
the area, killing everyone in her path. The massive amount
of energy the Avatar consumes limits the spell's duration to
two turns per success. After it ends, the Euthanatos col-
lapses into a deep sleep for at least a day.]

Agama Sojourn Te/Agama Sojourn Re (¢¢¢¢ En-
tropy, ¢* Life, ¢¢¢ Spirit, or ¢¢¢¢ Entropy, ¢* Life,
Spirit)

Every Chakravat journeys into the Underworld at least
once in his life; advanced Euthanatoi travel there more
often, walking beyond the Shroud of death and exploring
the Shadowlands that lie just outside of mortal sight.
Although some truly powerful necromancers venture across
the River of Death, the wise ones know that some secrets are
best left for the dead.

The average Euthanatoi Awakens through a "normal"
NDE (see Inner Workings); once he attains some expertise,
the mage can travel into the Underworld under his own
power, leaving a spark of life burning as he descends into
death. The "simple" sojourn, the agama te, parts the curtain
for a single mystick; the more complex sojourn, the agama
re, brings companions along — a wise move if one intends
to explore the Shadowlands.

The Underworld is a depressing, dangerous place; only
the most warped Euthanatos would consider an agama a

Appendix. (2° 26%


vacation, and most of them are steeped in Jhor already. To
the death-mages, the Shadowlands are the sticky floor that
impedes a soul's return to the Great Unmaking. Although
many westerners fear the so-called Oblivion that whirls
through the Underworld, the Euthanatoi understand its
real purpose: To be reborn, a thing must be broken down
first. Contemplating that end is, to the death-mysticks, an
enlightening thing. Oblivion, however, is the ultimate
terror. Many people would rather endure eternity in Hell
than disappear forever. The Chakravanti like to think that
they're beyond such fears, but even they are mortal. The
Great Unmaking sounds better when you're on the living
part of the Shroud; those who pass over appreciate the
magnitude of death.

[Through vulgar Entropy and Spirit, the mage crosses
the barrier between life and death, entering the Dark
Penumbra of the Shadowlands (see the Stepping Sideways
Effect). Life magick keeps his body "alive," but does not
protect him from harm in any way. Smart Euthanatoi also
understand that Entropy magick isa BAD IDEA once you
pass over the Shroud. Using it draws total Oblivion to you,
which is never wise in Oblivion's backyard. (See Wraith:
The Oblivion, pages 32-40, or The Book of Worlds, pages
72-77, for details on the Underworld.)]

¢eee Entropy,
Mind, or

The Burning Lotus (¢¢¢¢¢ Prime,
eee Forces, sometimes with ¢¢¢ Spirit, ¢
both)

Sometimes self-sacrifice is the only way to win. This
catastrophic spell, perfected during the later Himalayan
Wars, pulls life energy from within the Chakravat and his
surroundings, then channels it intoa huge elemental storm
which withers, burns and utterly consumes everything
nearby. Advanced variants blast through the Gauntlet
well, or project a final, passionate message across the land,
proclaiming the death of a noble mystick and the annihila-
tion of his enemies.

[This exceedingly vulgar Effect funnels Quintessence
from within the mage himself, sets up a vortex, and wraps
the resulting "package" in a Forces-spawned explosion of
fire, water or ice. The vortex disintegrates everything in the
"blast area" by drawing its Quintessence out, then scours
the vicinity with the storm. This maelstrom consumes the
mage himself and inflicts Forces-based aggravated damage
on everything within 20 feet per success. Spirits suffer this
damage in Power rather than Health Levels. Each point of
Quintessence in the Euthanatos' personal reserve adds an
additional Health Level to the damage total. Anything
killed or destroyed by the Burning Lotus is scattered
forever; its spirit might linger, but its form is dust.]

uthors' Notes

Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal
out death in judgment
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
We live in the real world, not the World of Darkness. The Euthanatoi have Entropy magick to see people rotting
with, Mind to test their consciences with, and Correspondence to spy with. You don't. They can bring back victims if
they decide they've made a mistake. You can't. They are absolutely certain that the people they kill will be reincar-

nated, because the'

"ve got proof. You haven't. And even the Euthanatos might be wrong. In the real world, there are

only two reasons for killing anybody that the law and most gods will accept: defending yourself and defending other

people. So, don't go out and kill 2

nybody because you've read this book. Don't go out and kill anybody and then say

it's because you've read this book. Don't go out and kill anybody. Period.
Thank you.
Kathleen Ryan and Phil Brucato

Books
© A History of Secret Societies, by Arkon Daraul
* Encyclopedia of Death, by Beatrice and Robert Kastenbaum
© Historic India, by Time/Life Books
© The Song of Kali, by Dan Simmons
© The Sword and the Flute, by David R. Kinsley
© The Tantric Way: Art, Science and Ritual, by Ajit Mookerjee and Madhu Khanna

© The writings and poetry of Ambrose Bierce, Percy Shelley, Lord George Byron, Sylvia Plath and other morbid
humanists and Romantics

Music

Sheila Chandra
© The Changelings

© Dead Can Dance (of course)

© Diamonda Galas
© Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan

68 EUTHANATOS

Patti Smith

Ram Narayan

© The Sisters of Mercy
© This Mortal Coil

© Trio Nocturna

AWAL=

i

MAGE: The Ascension™
Name: Nature: Concept:
N Player: Essence: Mentor:
N Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
Wino
— Physical Social Mental
Strength____ =~ ®@0OOO Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000 = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina. @O0000 Appearance @0000 Wits @0000
eee) $$ $_$_$_$_{_z2z——_—_
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness OO0000 Do OOOOO — Computer. OO000
Athletics OOOOO _ Drive OOO0O0O0 — Cosmology. OOO00O
Awareness. OOOOO - Etiquette. OOO0O0O0 — Culture OO0O00O0
Brawl OOOOO - Firearms OOOOO _ Enigmas. OOO0O0O
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation OOO00O
Expression, OOO0O00 Meditation OOOOO0 Law. OO0O000
Instruction. OOOOO Melee OOOOO Linguistics. OOOO0O
Intuition, OOOOO - Research 00000 Lore. O0000
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth OO000 Medicine OO00O
Streetwise OOOOO - Survival O0000 Occult OOO0O0O
Subterfuge OOO0O0O _ Technology. OOOOO - Science OOO00O0
Correspondence. 00000 _ Life OOOOO Prime. OO00O0
Entropy. @0000 Mind OOOO __ Spirit 00000
Forces. OOOOO Matter. OOO0O00 Time 00000
Backgrounds Arete Health
00000 0000000000 Bruised 00
OOO00O0 Will Hurt -10
OOO00O0 5 <ecae oO Injured 10
00000 200 Wounded 20
oooo90 FOOOOR00O yale 20
Quintessence Crippled 5 0
oQ acitate
Other Traits fica %o, Incapacitated QO
OOO00O Oo Oo .
00000 "oO oO Experience
OOO00O © g
00000 g oo 0°
OOO00O Paradox

+


~,

r ia | eae
|= a
MAGE: The Ascension™

ean Sl
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

Za

FF _______________}
Preferred Effects

Name Level [Arete [Quintessence [Appearance

Difficulty] Damage Conceal Brawling Table

Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Punch 6 Strength

Grapple 6 Strength
Kick
Body Slam

Strength+1

7
7

Special

Armor:


'

Ny
MAGE: The Ascension™

\ Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened
:
=

Influence, Sleeper Allies, Awakened

Resources Mentor

Familiar Notable Kills

Acolytes Chantry/Node

ee Bo

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Ritual Tools Ritual Style

4


a /

Qe | > =
MAGE: The Ase:

nsion™

——a———_—_______————————__

Diksha

la

Goals/Destiny

Coumatha. Quiets.

TD _ _——_[_{_[_$_—{_{{_  _—_—_—~=
Age
Apparent Age
Date of Birth
Age of Awakening.
Hair. Shadow Name
Eyes.
Race

Nationality. Appearance/Nature of Avatar.
Height
Weight

Sex Jhor Taint

______________\j°;-
Cabal Chart Character Sketch

1

