# File: Fear to Tread.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A CHRONICLE, SOURCEBOOK FOR DEMON: THE FALLEN™ i

Poolsrashin
where angels fear to tread.

| ~ALEXANDER Pope y

Bd DAVID CARROLL, PATRICK O'Durru AND KuLA Warp
Che

Crepits

Authors: David Carroll (Into the Fire), Patrick
O'Duffy (The Judas Kiss) and Kyla Ward (Suffer the
Children). World of Darkness created by Mark
Rein®Hagen. Some previously printed material ap-
pears in Demon: City of Angels.

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen.
Developer: Carl Bowen

Editor: Michelle Lyons

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Shane Coppage, Fred Harper,
Ken Myer JR, Jeff Rebner

Front Cover Art: Chris Shy

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney
Intern: Ryan Green


YasB.E or CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION 4

CHAPTER ONE: SUFFER THE CHILDREN 22
Cuaprer Two:lnro Tar Pre 52
Cuaprer THree: THeJupas Kiss 32

CHAPTER Pour: STORUTELLER CHARACTERS 106



After the earthquake came a fire, but the Lord was not
in the fire. And after the fire came a gentle whisper.
—1 Kings 19:12

War is
Frar ro Preap?

You hold in your hands Fear to Tread, the first
chronicle sourcebook for Demon: The Fallen. Set in
Los Angeles, California, this chronicle pits your play-
ers' demon characters against rival fallen, Earthbound
antagonists, mortal foes and possibly even each other
for reasons political, factional and personal. The ac-
tion ranges from intense, visceral combat to suspenseful,
clandestine investigation to haughty social maneu-
vering to sneaky, manipulative backbiting. No matter
what kind of story your players enjoy, at least one of
this book's chapters offers it. Taken as a whole, the
chronicle runs the gamut.

How To Use THis Rook

On that note, there are two primary ways in
which to use Fear to Tread. The first is as a self-
contained chronicle set in the City of Angels —
the most prominent site of infernal congregation
in the United States (and possibly the world).
While every chapter can stand alone as a complete
story, the end of each dovetails nicely into the
beginning of the next in order to form a cohesive,
more satisfying whole. As the characters shape
and take part in the events of each story, questions
will arise that only the later chapters can answer.
Besides, the greater the players' commitment is to
the overarching story, the greater an effect their
characters can have on the nascent, burgeoning
society of the fallen.

Should you or your players not be so inclined,
though, your other primary option for using this book
is to isolate the individual chapters and run them as
stand-alone stories. You can do so for a new group of
Demon players in a pick-up-game context, which
gives youa chance to showcase the setting and powers
available to the fallen without any assumed invest-
ment on the players' part in a more extensive plot.
(The complimentary characters provided at the end of
this chapter help out immensely in that respect.) You
can also pull out individual Fear to Tread stories and
insert them into your own ongoing Demon: The
Fallen chronicle. Any one of these stories can make an
exciting interlude between longer story arcs of your
own design, especially if the main action in it is of a
different sort than that to which your players have
grown accustomed.

Of course, combining these two primary methods
isalso perfectly acceptable. Asa Storyteller, you might
want to run one or two of these exciting stories, yet not
want to go into all three. You could also choose to run
the stories in a different order (which is not easy, but
is possible) or to space them out as tenuously con-
nected interludes in a larger chronicle of your own
devising. You could even take the opposite route by
running the stories in this book as the frame of a
greater chronicle, punctuated by interludes or addi-
tional chapters of your own creation.

‘THE PLor (Is Brier)

The section of the same name at the beginning of
each chapter gives a more detailed overview of what
you can expect from each story, but the following
capsule summary of the entire chronicle should whet
your appetite until you get started.

Chapter One: Suffer the Children raises the
curtain by exposing the characters to an Earthbound
demon's secret plot to abuse and manipulate the staff
and residents of a boarding school/detention center
known as the Marshall School for Troubled Teens.

Chapter Two: Into the Fire introduces complica-
tions into the characters' lives when a group of
demon-hunters arrives in town and fixes the demonic
citizens of Los Angeles in its sights (be it erroneously or
justifiably). At the same time, the characters discover
that more than one Earthbound demon might have a
stake in the events surrounding the Marshall School.

Chapter Three: The Judas Kiss finds the charac-
ters unexpectedly on the defensive as a familiar but
hidden enemy deems them too much of a liability to
his plans to let them roam free. They must escape
immediate danger and uncover the identity of this foe
— one who just might be intimately connected to a
deadly and unpredictable Earthbound — while also

Fear vo TREAD

uncovering and preemptively ruining his scheme.
Can they achieve all of these goals without having to
sacrifice some of them for the sake of the others? With
their attentions divided thus, can they still uncoverall
the plots and agents of the mysterious Earthbound in
order to fight back against those creatures' mad whims?

There is only one way to find out.

Finally, Chapter Four: Storyteller Characters
provides helpful write-ups for prominent figures in the
City of Angels who have parts to play in the action
beyond the characters' immediate attention. This
material is included here asa Storyteller resource only,
as it contains many of the secret machinations of the
players' characters' allies and antagonists.

=
SEPTING:
‘THE Cirdor ANGELS

As will soon become readily apparent, this book is
a companion supplement to Demon: City of Angels,
the core setting sourcebook for Demon: The Fallen.
Allof the stories herein take place in the so-called "Tri-
County Area" surrounding Los Angeles proper, and the
major Storyteller characters involved are all native to
(or largely focused upon) that location. Furthermore,
that city is the chosen setting most reflective of the core
concepts behind Demon to begin with. Such being the
case, a little contextual information about Los Angeles
might be of some help if you do not already have a copy
of Demon: City of Angels handy.

‘Tre Sunrace

The Tri-County Area of Los Angeles — which
encompasses Hollywood, Beverly Hills, Los Angeles
proper, Santa Monica, Pasadena and over 70 more
townships besides — sprawls across the valley between
the Santa Monica Mountains, the San Gabriel Moun-
tainsand the San Bernardino Mountains. It isa beautiful
haven for the rich and famous (or those who want to
be), andall the money itrakes in from tourists every year
is a testament to that fact. The seeming glamor of such
places as Rodeo Drive, Catalina Island, Venice and
Sunset Boulevard is a siren song promising fame and
fortune to those brave enough to rely on talent, sex
appeal or dumb luck in trying to make a name for
themselves. On the surface, LA seems like a beautiful
place full of beautiful people living charmed lives.

Looking just beneath the surface, however, re-
veals the real LA. In truth, the City of Angels is a
seamy, roiling metropolis that thrives on the clashing
dynamic of its disparate population. The poor and
middle-class citizens there vastly outnumber the fabu-
lously wealthy, yet it is the wealthy who have all the
social power. Decent people live in fear of gang vio-
lence and even the bloated specter of "toad rage," yet


LyTRoDUCTION

the police force is understaffed, under-funded and
widely assumed to be rife with corruption anyway.
People ofall races call Los Angeles their home in more
equal proportion than in most cities across the United
States, yet racial tensions here seem more volatile
than ever. And if you are not daunted by any of that,
you still have earthquakes to worry about

Sure, LA might look beautiful on the surface (and
from a distance), but the truth of the matter is not
quite so pretty.

ItsIMpoRTANCE

What, then, makes LA so attractive and impor-
tant to the newly returned fallen? Why is it a bone of
contention between so many angels of the Abyss? The
simple and most obvious answer is that LA is a media
and transportation hub — one that is capable of
sending people and ideas all over the world in virtually
no time at all. The power to communicate with and
teach as large a number of people as possible with as
little time and effort as possible is a key strength in the
fallen's goals to reap vast amounts of faith. Since Los
Angeles provides just that sort of power to any demon.
willing to insinuate him- or herself carefully into the
existing mortal social structure, it is no surprise at all
that the fallen have pounced on the opportunity.

Ona deeper emotional level, Los Angeles beguiles
demons with the perception of more immediate re-
wards at the local level. Inheriting the impressions and
preconceptions of their mortal hosts, the fallen buy into
the notion that the citizens of LA are shallow, callous
idolaters who are concerned only with what's on the
surface. Such people, the fallen infer, are naturally
selfish, opportunistic and shortsighted and, therefore,
easier to manipulate into unfair pacts of faith,

Even those fallen who do not act on such assump-
tions still see the potential to harvest significant
amounts of faith in the City of Angels. Looking
beneath the glib media-augmented surface, they see
thegreed, envy, poverty, lust, illness, laziness and rage
that drives desperate mortals right into a demon's
hands. Regardless of whether he wants to alleviate or
exacerbate these emotions and conditions, an obser-
vant demon can spot them in any major city anywhere
in the world, yet they burn like a bonfire in LA
especially. And not because LA is essentially different
fromany other city on Earth, but because of what it has
been through very recently.

ItsRecent TRIBULATIONS

In the very recent past, Los Angeles has been
victimized by a twofold horror. In all its long history
two types of uncontrollable dangers have plagued LA:
destructive earthquakes and vicious riots. Yet, just
recently, the worst examples of both combined forces in

a disaster that defies the rational imagination. The first
was an unforeseeable earthquake that registered an
incredible 7.2 on the Richter scale, causing hundreds of
deaths and injuries, as well as extensive blackouts and
tens of billions of dollars in damage. The second,
following immediately on the heels of the quake, came
in the form of the so-called "Devil's Night Riots."
Violent madmen who had once been rational human
beings flooded the streets, upping the monetary amount
of damage considerably and adding to the lists of those
killed or injured with cavalier abandon.

The rioting — described by one observer after the
fact as being worse than the 1960s Watts and 1990s
Rodney King riots put together — overwhelmed the
police force and necessitated the emergency activation
of the National Guard. Not surprisingly, it also caught
the attention of the fallen. Powerful infernal magic was
at work behind the scenes, though it was anyone's guess
as to who was controlling it. Some speculated that mad
Earthbound demons had shaken the sleeping earth in
order to rouse Lucifer from hiding. Others were certain
that the Morningstar had caused the riots in order to
cover his tracks as he attacked the treacherous Earth-
bound in response. Others claimed that the reverse was
true in both cases. In fact, even police reports were
sketchy on exactly where, when and why the riots had
begun in the first place.

Regardless of why they started, though, it is no
secret why the Devil's Night Riots ended. Late into
the night, when the violence and destruction had
reached their terrible apex, the Morningstar himself
blazed forth into the night sky and glared down at the
city in judgment. He had lost none of the glory that
the fallen remembered from the War of Wrath, and he
was visible for miles in every direction. News crews
and amateur photographers captured the image as

Urs, Or Keow

We know that there was no such event as the
so-called Devil's Night Riots in the real Los Ange-
les. We know that no earthquake measuring 7.2 on
the Richter scale rattled the real City of Angels'
bones in the recent past, killing hundreds and
wounding hundreds more. We know that nothing
even remotely like a blazing rebel angel has been

spotted or filmed over the Los Angeles skyline in
our real world,
By the same token, you know that the World

of Dar ictly our real world, but only
one vi it. You know that there are no
demons wal earth in soulless human husks.
You know that this is only a game about telling

stories of horrorand infernal glory with your friends.

well, transmitting it all over the world before even the
first 24 hours had played themselves out. Lucifer
remained visible for only a few moments, but when he
disappeared, the rioting had sputtered to a halt, and
the latent and dormant faith of the people of Los
Angeles came alive once again.

Los ANGELES Now

As the events of Fear to Tread begin, some time
has passed since the Devil's Night Riots occurred.
Electricity and running water have been restored to
almost every neighborhood in the city (except those
areas in which the lack thereof would be most suitably
dramatic for your story). Much of the merely cosmetic
damage caused by the earthquake and the riots has
been cleaned up and repaired. News reports are begin-
ning to focus on the triumph of the human spirit as the
city rebuilds those structures that were more seriously
damaged, and movies about the inherent drama of it
all are already in the works. Life in Los Angeles is
slowly returning to what passes for normal there.

But for many citizens of the City of Angels, life
will never be the same again. Those who have lost
loved ones, their homes or their property have been
changed forever in ways that they are only just begin-
ning to realize. The wreckage of once-familiar
landmarks, the omnipresent reconstruction crews and
the faces of other shell-shocked victims are inescap-
able reminders of how their lives have gone to hell.
Yet, for many survivors, their initial upwelling of faith
has not died down, and it is up to enterprising, oppor-
tunistic fallen angels to make the best of this newly
discovered gold mine of potential. Provided, that is,
that they hurry up and beat their rivals to it.

‘THe PouiticAL CLIMATE,

The infernal political landscape of Los Angeles is
unlike any that existed before the rebels' imprison-
ment in the Abyss, and it is unusual even in the
modern context granted to the demons by their mortal
coils. The Los Angeles that the fallen inhabit is one
divided by two powerful courts and constantly rum-
bling with the furtive schemes of those outside the
purview of both organizations. The original court,
known simply as the Infernal Court of Los Angeles,
has been in existence since the fallen first began to
return to Earth. At its head is Baroness Kishar, a
straightforward Luciferan Scourge who prefers a face-
to-face fight over underhanded skullduggery. This
court has secured a significant power base in the city,
and it is largely considered the "official" court there.

A second group offallen, however, led by the Fiend
known as Lady Anat, has brazenly established what she
calls the Blood Court of Los Angeles. Populated and
governed largely by members of the Ravener faction,

Fear vo TREAD.

this court is quite different in outlook from the Infernal
Court. Nonetheless, it actually shares a ruling member
in common with that group, and two other opposing
members of those groups are like-minded lovers who
maintain frequent contact. There is no outright hostil-
ity between these two courts as of yet, mostly because
the idea of two governing bodies claiming the same
territory is sucha bizarre concept to the fallen that they
do not quite know what to make of it. Members of both
groups are working even now, though, to secure as
much power and eminence as they can as insurance
against the inevitable day when the courts come into
open conflict and must vie directly against one another
for supreme influence over the city.

On top of this growing inter-court unease, the
fallen also have their regular inter-faction disputes to
worry about, as well as simple interpersonal clashes
and one even more substantial issue. It is known (or
widely suspected by the average fallen on the street, at
any rate) that at least two powerful Earthbound de-
mons exist and operate in Los Angeles, having had
much more time and power at their disposal to effect
their terrible, incomprehensible designs. Regardless of
what faction one espouses personally, such consider-
ations often take the hindmost when it comes to
curtailing one of these mad beings' dangerous plots.

For Fear to Tread's purposes, the base assumption
is that the players' characters nominally belong to one
of three camps. Either they are advocates of the
authority of the city's original Infernal Court (led by
Baroness Kishar), they support the up-and-coming
Blood Court (led by Lady Anat), or they are unaffili-
ated fallen supporting the greater Cryptic faction in its
effort to establish a strong Cryptic presence in Los
Angeles (under the influence of one Lady Al-Lat and
her various secret agents). It is the responsibility of the
Storyteller and the players to come up with convine-
ing reasons for why the characters have come together
as a functioning social circle, but each chapter will
provide a range of reasons why that circle of demons
might be involved in the individual stories.

For more information on the Storyteller charac-
ters mentioned here or elsewhere throughout this
book, refer to Chapter Four. For more detailed infor-
mation about Los Angeles, the two courts, the way an
infernal court actually functions or a host of other
interesting Storyteller characters who are active in
the city, refer to Demon: City of Angels.

SETTING COUNTERPOINT:
SHMITUOF ANGELS

You might not have bought Demon: City of
Angels. You might never have been to the real City
of Angels. You might not have even liked that


Iyrropuctioy

movie, The Crow: City of Angels. For these or any
number of other reasons, you might not especially
want to tell a story that is set in Los Angeles (much
lessa chronicle set there) with your Demon troupe.
While this reaction is not ideal, it is understand-
able. (Especially where that Crow movie is
concerned. What was Iggy Pop thinking?) It should
not, however, persuade you to give up altogether on
the stories in this book.

Although they are intended as tales of the diaboli-
cal denizens of the City of Angels, the three stories in
Fear to Tread can still (theoretically) occur in any
major city of your troupe's choosing. All you have to
doto port these stories over toa chronicle taking place
elsewhere is read them (obviously), strip out the
specific names of the Storyteller characters and loca-
tions mentioned herein and boil the plots down to
their most basic elements. These stories are dramatic
andepic in their execution, but they are really built up
from quite simple foundations that can support just
about any structure that arises from the unique ele-
ments of your game.

THEMES

As a supplement to Demon: The Fallen, it is
incumbent upon this book to share the themes that
make Demon what it is. That being said, there are
three overarching concepts that drive Demon and
that, consequently, are reflected here: freedom, faith
and fanaticism. The fallen confidently declared open
rebellion against God because of their faith in the
Morningstar's wisdom, and they were damned for that
conviction. When they chose the darkness instead of
the light, the fallen were cursed and forever estranged
from their creator.

But if they no longer fall under God's purview,
does this not mean that they are free to chart their own
course now that they have won their freedom anew?
All God ever did was lay down the line between right
and wrong — it has forever been up to His creations to
choose what side of the line to stand on. Fear to Tread
explores these themes by presenting a host of Story-
tellers characters with strong ambitions and stronger
convictions and giving your players' characters the
chance to take up arms with or against the Storyteller
characters as the players choose.

Aside from those general ideas, though, Fear to
Tread independently explores the related theme of
loyalty. It gives your troupe the opportunity to
argue whether it is nobler to sacrifice one's sense of
propriety out of loyalty to another or to destroy a
powerful relationship over a conflict of ethics. It
also gives you and your players a chance to witness
the tragic consequences of betrayals whose scopes

are magnified to epic proportions by the very nature
of the ancient beings involved. Finally, this
chronicle is designed to raise the question of when
(if ever) one's sense of loyalty must win out over
one's sense of right and wrong.

Finally, the stories in this book are designed to
demonstrate the fact that there is a price to pay for
every rash, intemperate act that a demon (be he
fallen or Earthbound) might commit. While they
were hardly designed to be impulsive or flighty
beings, the act of giving angels free will to make
their own choices opened the door to the possibility
that they might make poorly informed decisions
without thinking through all of the subsequent side
effects or consequences of those decisions. (Some
particularly bitter fallen argue that the decision to
rebel in the first place was such a one.) Adding to
this liability the fact that demons have spent count-
less aeons simmering in their own frustration, hatred
and self-pity only makes matters worse (not to
mention the fact that the mortals to whom most of
them must anchor themselves in order to stay out of
Hell are not exactly paragons of enlightened ratio-
nal thought). Regardless of how long they have
been free, many demons, therefore, demonstrate a
frustrating inability to consider the long-term view
when laying plans or hatching schemes against
their rivals. Even when they do so, they tend to
overreact when some unexpected factor interrupts
or threatens those plans.

Such is definitely the case in the stories that make
up the Fear to Tread chronicle, and it is up to clever
characters to turn those errors into opportunities for
themselves, their factions, their city and, possibly, the
entire society of the fallen.

ConrpLimentrary
CHaRraCrERS

The following characters are all "starting-level"
fallen angels that have been generated using the
character-creation system in the Demon core
rulebook. These characters are useful for the Fear to
Tread chronicle, with a broad mix of personalities,
abilities and story hooks to carry beyond the chronicle
should you so desire. If you and your troupe want to
get started on Fear to Tread right now, photocopy
the character sheets, distribute the characters among
your players, and let them familiarize themselves
with these fallen and what they can do. After that,
you will be ready to jump straight in — provided, of
course, that you have read the stories beforehand and
know how to run them.

10

Prelude: When Lucifer raised his fist against Heaven,
you were there with him, sharing in his proud defiance. All
your existence, you had been a noble soldier of the Lord, a
prince among angels, but Lucifer's gospel of rebellion spoke
so strongly to you that you turned your back on the Creator
and became one of the fell nobility of the demon forces.

In the earliest days of the war, you led from the front
lines, marshaling demon armies beneath Lucifer's ban-
ner. Yet, as the War of Wrath continued, you began to
realize that you could do more from behind the scenes,
using your powers of charisma and manipulation upon.
the biddable, subservient mortal masses. There was a
time when you loved humanity — you went to war for
their sakes, after all — but as you became accustomed to
controlling them, your love turned into casual contempt.
Humans were simply tools, weapons to be used against
the Creator. A stick to jab in His eyey

But Heaven won the war, perhaps inevitably, and
you and your compatriots were locked into the
prison of the Abyss. Using your gifts, you leveraged
yourself into a strong position in the deyeloping
power structure of Hellyall the while brooding
on the failure,of the rebellion..Although.you.
were loath to accept it, you eventually realized
that you had been wrong about humanity. Mor- })
tals were still sheep — creatures to be used as
demonkind saw fit — but you had underesti-
mated the power and usefulness of their faith.
Humanity's belief in the Creator was what
had given Heaven power, you realized. If
you and the rest of the demons had been
able to tap more of that faith, maybe you
would have prevailed.

When Hell's barriers opened a crack,
you escaped to the mortal world, deter-
mined to bleed power from the faith of
humanity. You felt the strength ofa mortal soul —one who
saw other humans as tools and followers — and you took
control of that mortal's body. For the first time in aeons, you
looked upon the mortal world, and you rifled through the

memoriesin the brain of yournew mortal host —a disgraced
police officer without a friend in the world.

If there wasa time when this man was an honest cop, it
wasalongtimeago. Beinghonestdidn'tgetyoushit. A smart
cop was one who was prepared to get his hands dirty and
make deals, and this man was nothing if not smart. He had
been in Vice for eight years, and in that time, he had

managed to amass his own little empire. Dozens of dealers,
pimpsand thievesacross the city paid him for protection and
help, and some of them were foolish enough to think that
they owned the cop. He knew better, though —he owned

Fear to TREAD

them. The hustlers were his flock, his followers, and he
managed them like a farmer manages his herd.

So why was he dead in an alley, then, with three bullets
in his gut? You looked closer into his fading soul and found
something that shocked you — a vein of human nobility
hidden under the greed and cynicism. The cop had found out
that one of his "resources" was a pedophile, involved in a
burgeoningkiddy-pom racket. When he uncovered the ring,
he wasofferedabribe tokeephismouth shut—but tohisown
surprise, he turned it down. Everyone has their limits, every-
‘one has a core of humanity, and he realized that his role as
society's protector still meant something to him. He busted
the pedophile, but the pedophile rolled on him in return and
exposed the cop's history of illegal activities. Internal A fairs
gotinvolved,andhe wasoff the force before he knew what had
hit him. The onlyway he avoided prison was by taking three
slugs to the gurfom another one ofthe criminalshe hadmade

athabit of threatening and abusing.
Butnow, that cop lives again —his face
‘a mask for you to wear, his memories and
Bersonality.a library for you to plunder. He
no,longer has the,power of his position or
afflock of mortals ready:to obey him —he
even had to leave town and find a new
‘place to start over. However, the cop's
rediscovereddeeency has infected your own
is to love hu-
manity, to be the Creator's paladin, and these
Meelcome memories will not let you be.

Concept: You do not know what to do any-
more. Your contempt for humanity has taken a
beating, and now, you vacillate between
cynicism and nobility. You still plan to use
the cop's skills and abilities in much the
same way he used them; you still believe that
‘you can draw power from the faith of mortals. But
What will youdo with that power? Grind humanity under-
foot as you climb to the gates of Heaven or lead the mortal
ck into anew golden age? One things forsure. Between
the cop's enemies (who only know that he skipped town
once hissecret got out) and the invading forces of Hell, you

face plenty of opposition in whatever you decide to do.

Roleplaying Hints: Youare always lookingforan angle
andawway to control others. Sometimes, you use them fora
{food Feason — sometimes, you manipulate them for their
‘owngood—butitisstill yournature toplay the puppetmaster.
Your ability tomanipulate others hasmade youarrogantand
‘eynical, but the world hasa way of getting past your defenses,
fofishocking you with its beauty and horrors. When your
veneer cracks, your old nobility shines through, and you
might act altruistically before you can stop yourself.


Name:
Payer:
CHRONICLE:

PHyYsicaL
Strength.

Dexterity.
Stamina

Alertness.
Athletics

Awareness @0
Brawl. @0000
Dodge.

Empathy.
Expression
Intimidation
Intuition
Leadership,
Streetwise
Subterfuge_(Lving) @@@

<u Grocatyric Form

@@000 Charisma—ié
@@000 ManipulationGne @@@0
@@000 Appearance

eee ET ELSE

Narure: Rocur
DeEmEANOR: Aurocnat
Concrrr:

Seciat

@eeoo

niving)

Jeee0d

SkILLS
Animal Ken. O0000
Crafts. 9000
Demolitions. 2000
Drive _______@ ®O000
Etiquette. O0000
Firearms
Melee.
Performance
Security
Stealth
Survival. 00000
Technology. @0000

OO000
alelejee)
oe}

90

O0O0O0000
gnoagogdUnmndnoanoaoeog
———TormiENT

Permanent
@ee@e@e@e0d00000

Temporary
OOD00000000

—— WiiirewER ===>
@eeeo0000
aa

QgQ00000

House: Namana
Facrion:
Visage:

Wienra
Perception @e@e0o
Intelligence. @o0ed<
Wits.

KneowLEpGEs
Academics
Computer.
Finance

Investigation

Law. @0000
Linguistics. 00000
Medicine. 00000
Occult. ____ 9 0000)
Politics 00000
Religion, 00000
Research. @0000
Science____ D0 000

_Vperurs
Conscience____@®000

Conviction.
Courage____@
et OD
OO0000
OO0000
90000

Hira th mga

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

EXPERIENCE

Bois
OoOOOOo0


Prelude: Rage. Anger. Hate. These are the emo
tions that drove you in the earliest days — and beyond.
You still remember the glorious destruction of the War
of Wrath, how you took on the hordes of the Creator,
ripping loyalist angels apart with sword and claw. The
Morningstar's rebellion was your spiritual awakening, a
chance to channel the force of your impulsive fury into
a worthy cause. You would liberate your beloved hu-
manity and overthrow God the Dictator.

But the Host of Heaven won the war and banished
you and your fellow rebels to the unending torment of
the Abyss. All your righteous anger was for naught, and
the frustration of imprisonment almost destroyed you.
Then came the revelation that Lucifer had not been
confined to Hell, and you knew that you had been
betrayed. The great leader of the rebellion had aban-
doned his followefs/ gone backit6itepent bravery and sit
in the lap ofthe Lord. When you realized this, the
flickering flame of your anger erupted into.a
white-hot inferno of hate.

For untold ages, you raged in Hell, con:
sumed by a fury that would not die. Allyou
have desired for countless aeons is déstruc-
tion—a fiery, violent end to this universe of
betrayal and frustration. When thewallskeep-
ingyouin Hell weakened, youburstforth in your
rage, eager to wreck uninlaginable havoc on ¥
reality, Sensing a weakenirig mortal soul that was
itself cOnstimed by anger and rage, you flooded
into the mértal's body, expecting to be inhabitinga
powerful, bloodthirsty warrior.

Thstead, you found yourself possessinig a
16-yearold girl who was dying in a carerash.

The git! you possessed was a high-school
dropout, a earjacker and a child tempered by the
extremes of rage,and selfepity; All/her life, the cards
had been stacked againsther. Bom in the slums,herfamily
lived in a tiny apartment that even'swine Would not find
acceptable. Her father drank what little money he made,
and he punished his family forhisown failures. He beat his
wife so hard that she ended up crippled forife. All that
your host had to look forward to was getting knocked up
by some younger version of her father and becoming just
like her mother — dead inside before she hit 20.

Fuck that. Your host had one weapon — anger. She
refused to accept a destiny of shit, and she fought back
from a bottomless well of rage and frustration. Atage 14,
when herfather tried to hitheragain, she broke his hands
with a baseball bat. She told him to fuck off out of their
lives or end up with his skull cracked opén. She then
dropped out of school and started stealing cars to support

Fear to TREAD

her mother and little sister. Plenty of punks with flash
cars and big guns tried to get into her pants, but she sent
them all packing — and when a couple of them tried to
press the issue, they ended up in the emergency room.
Anger fueled your host, kept her going past every
obstacle — nothing was going to stop her, nothing
could stand against the force of her rage. Until she lost
control of a stolen Lexus in the middle of a high-speed

. Dying in the
wreckage, her last feelings were not regret or fear, but
fury — fury at herself for failing, fury at the cops who
had finally beaten her. That fury was your doorway into
her soul, the key to your release from Hell.

But under the rage was something else, something
you had forgotten aeons ago. Love— love for your host's
mother, her little sister Maria and.a need to protect
them from hatm. Crawling from the ‘wreckage and

fleeing instinctively from the police as you put
your new body back together, you tried to
come to grips with this new feeling, to
make sense of this strange and wonder-
ful new world. Grand destruction is no
longer an option. Not in this body, not
in thi8world that could finally soothe
the pain and rage that you have known
Hi V4 for So long.
For the first,time, you feel hope. And
% if anyone jeopardizes that hope, youll tear
them limb from limb.

Concept: Youare a savage, bestial syarrior
‘who does not know the meaning of fear. But
now, you have also become a determined,

independent teenage car thief who wants

tohelp her family. Hell is boilingover, and

fron instead Ofileading the forces of darkness,

you have to staiid against themi to protect your

motherand sister. Doing that is going'to take more than

anger and Muscle — you are going to need help from
others, as much as itgalls you to admit

Roleplaying Hints: You are always angry, always
ready to lash*Out atatiyone ‘and anything that gets in
yourway. Slowly, though, you are beginning to realize
that violence and rage are not the only solutions, that
there are other possibilities, other ways to feel. Besides,
you were a warrior once, rather than just a simple-
minded engine of destruction. There issomething to be
said for self-contr6l in the heat of the moment. Unfor-
tunately, too often, you have realized this fact after
smashing thiags to pieces. If you can just control your
impulsesjmayberYou can build a better life for your
family and evén find a purpose to your new existence.


PHYSICAL

Strength.

Alertness.
Athletics.
Awareness
Brawl.

Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression
Intimidation
Intuition
Leadership,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge

@0000

BackGrounps
loleje)
IO
309090
O0000
OO0000
OQ0000
00000

————@@@00 Charisma
Dexterity_(Quick) @ @ @ @ © Manipulation
Stamina—(Toush) © @ @@O

Narure: Suavivon
DemeEaNor: Bravo
ConcePr:

Sociat

@@000
@eoo0oo0o
@@000

Appearance

SKILLS

Animal Ken.
Crafts,
Demolitions.
Drive
Etiquette.

Firearms 90000
Melee. @000
Performance 00000
Security. 00000
Stealth @000
Survival. @000
Technology. 00000

Lore
Tesh ___ e@00¢
Tandament _ e@0000
0000

0900
3990000
O0000
900090

OO0O0000
NOOQ000 0000
Torn

Permanent
@e@e@e@e0O00000

Temporary
OOOO OO GOO 2
—— WiLLrowr =
@eeeee 9000
ogOa0 og0aa0

oe

House: Rasisu
Faction:
WisaG:

Pienran
Perception. e@0e0e00
Intelligence e000:
Wits. e@oeed

KNOWLEDGES
Academics. 00000
Computer. 00000
Finance 900000

Investigation 00000
Law. Oo0000
Linguistics_____ @ ®@0O0O
Medicine. 0000
Occult______0 9000
Politics O0000
Religion, @@000
Research. O0000
Science. O0000

_Vrerurs
Conscience___:
Conviction.

Courage—___
O0000

9000
OO0000
O0000

<n SrocanyriC FO» [27H __|_—,! £1521 /5H wpa

Bruised

Hurt -
Injured -
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

EXPERIENCE

Aves
OOOOOOCO


{4

"WD

Prelude: Secrets have always enthralled you, ever
since the Creator spun you into existence. You moved
through the heavens, guiding the'motion of the stars
and planets, and you looked down upon the world
below. You spent your time wondering what mysteries
were hidden in the hearts of humanity and why God
saw fit to keep angels andjimortals separate. When
Lucifer rebelled, you joined his cause, hoping that you
would learn the answers to the secrets of Creation.

Instead of learning se¢rets, though, you found yourself
Creating them. In an attempt to separate humanity from
Ehbir celestial guardians@gj@ sent plagues of visions and
nightmares to mortals. With dreamsand curses, sorcery and
lies, you taught humanity to fear, and that fear drove a
wedge between mortals and angels. It all aided the war
effort, of course, buviit was not what you had hoped for, and
out soul witherediand grew cold with disappointmest

And inthe end, itwasall fornaught— the
demons lost thé war and were sentenced
to an eternity in the Abyss. Yet, this
ignominiousdefeatbrought back mys-
tery in the form of the question of,
whathad happenedito Lucifer and)
why the Creator hadlallowed thie
war to progress as it did. Ir took
aeons before you took note'of these
mysteries, but they were enough to
tearyousfrom your depressionand mis-
ery and give you the promise of purpose
again.

Now, Hell's walls have weakened
and allowed you the chance. to look
for answers in the mortal world.
Your soul leapt from the Abyss,
homing in on a mortal soul that
knew a hunger for secrets and fom
bidden knowledge. When you opened your eyes, you
found yourself naked and brutalized, in the process of
being buried in a shallow@gtave. Reeling from the shock
of being ineatnate again, you escaped using your de-
monic gifts and tried to decipher the thoughts of theshell
you wore,

Your mortal ‘host, it seemed, had..spent her life
consumed by curiosity, always wantingito know why and
how and where. She could have become a scientist ora
doctor, but that was way too respectable and boring.
Instead, she ended upias a hacker. Oh sure, the business
card said "Web Designer," but that was just the day job.
After hours, she roamed the world from het,computer,
always looking for something new and' interesting.
Whether itwasa preview of the new summer blgkbuster

Fear to TREAD

or government records, it was all the same — if it was
forbidden, shejwanted to know all about it. If she had a
preference, it was for the offbeat — conspiracy theories,
UFO sightings, the occult. She didn't actually believe in
any of that crap, Mt it sure was funny.
It stopped being funny when she stumbled acrag
traces of an occult conspiracy in her own city. Maybe it
wasn't real, but some pgople certainly thought it was, dat
they were into some serious shit. Crime, murder, monsters
—something was going onaY our host kept pushing, trying
tofind the connections—and she found that the culthad
members in the media, the police and local government.
The cult also had its own 6otnputer users, and your host
made the mistake of not covering her tracks. She was still
at the computer when the cultists burst through the door
and kidnaped her. A few hours of terror and torture later,
she was stripped naked and ‘anéinted in blood Over a
blasphemousalterand herstill-livingbedy
was dumped for liye burial in a landfill.

Now, you have immersed yourself in
this victim's memories, trying to under-
stand the impossible marvels of modern
technology. But in the process, her per-
sonality has bled into yours, her decency
and joy for life contaminating your
‘demonic anger and urges. Onée, you
thought that you were meant to de-
stroy this world, but that notion
horrifies you now. Instead, you want
toexplore all of its secrets —=and in
the process, find outthé truthabout
the Creator's'plans.

@éhcept: You never truly en-
joyed' tormenting humanity with
Curses and nightmares, and now,
the idea holds even less appeal for
you. All you want to do now is use this wonderful
"computer" to find out more about the world. But if the
full forces of Hell return, there will betio world to explore
— especially if they are anything like the monstrous
Earthbound. Youare on the lookoutfor allies and follow-
ers to fight the darkness — and also to protect others
from monsterslike the cultists that killed your host.

Roleplaying Hints: You love a mystery — or more
precisely, you love solvingimysteries. You are consumed
With curiogigy about anything and everything, although
you have' learned to hide that curiosity — mortals get
suspicious when people ask questions that should be
"obvious." Modern technology is particularly fascinating,
asisthepgcult. There are great things tobe learned, sostart
poking your nose into other people's business now.


House: Nesena
Facrion:

Narure: Appict
PemeEanor: Box Vivanr

Strenghh———_ @ @ 000 Charisma____@ @ @ 0 O Perception
Dexterity ____ © ®@ 0 O0.0.:-— Manipulation @@00 O Intelligence
Staminn______ © @ 0.00 Appearance eco Wits(Quick Thinker) @ @ @ @

TALENTS SkiLLS KKNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____@@®@®0O0O Animal Ken. OO0000 — Academics. @0000
Athleti 90000 Crafts______O0000 — ComputertHacking @ @ @@O

Awareness ____@®®@®00O _ Demolitions. 2OOOO | Finance ®0 000
Bawl_______O0000 Drive OOOO Investigation. @0000
Dodge___90000 __ Etiquette OO! " Wa JOO OOO
Empathy______O0000 Firearms. Linguistics. 00000
Expression OO0000_ Melee Medicine_____ 00000
Intimidation 00000 . Performance Occult____ @®e@00
Intuition ____O O000 Security. Politics____e® OOOO
Leadershi ojo) ° 90 Stealth Religion, O0000
Streetwise oc Survival______O0000  Research_____ @ @@®00

Subterfuge. Technology. @@@00 = Science.

O00

APVANTAGES
BACKGROUNDS ORE WEREUES
Cotacfs__ @@000 Patterns" @@000 Conscience

Hamanity @0090 Conviction____@@@00
Portals _@9000 Courage___ @0000
00000 c

Bruised Q

Hurt 10

Permanent Injured 1 &Q
ee@eo000000 Wounded 20
Temporary Mauled 20
OWODDOO00000 Crippled 50
ee WILLPOWER p> Incapacitated Q

e@00e0e0000 Bxprrience

9990000090090

(ph
CY RAO


l¢

Prelude: Everything in the world used to be won-
derful, when you and your momma lived in the country
and worked in the truck stop. But the Poison Radio
Men kept putting things in your food, in the air, and
they poured the bad wisdom into Momma's ear. She
started spending time with Joe Tonklin, the truck stop
owner — but he was really the leader of the Poison
Radio Men. You saw him unzip his face, sawshim
whispering his death song to the truck stop customers,
saw him for the evil thing he was. You tried to tell
Momma, but she wouldn't believe it: The bad wisdom
made her deaf to you, turned her eyes inside out. So
you laida trap for Joe Tonklin. You trapped him in the
kitchen and put him in the freezer, where his death
song would be covered in ice. You saved Momma, but
for that, they put you in the Nuthouse:

No, that's not right. You're not that man. That's justa
false memory, something to ignore. You remember the
truth. You remember the face of God. Youremember
the ages of guiding the winds, of breathing life into
the sick and afflicted. Then came the rebellion,
Lucifer's call for freedom, and the promise of being,
able to touch and love the humans you had watched
over for so long.
No, the Nuthouse is supposed to be for
crazy people — that's what Momma always
said. But you know you're not crazy. Actu:
ally, the Nuthouse was a prison, and you
know who was behind it — the Poison
Radio Men, the evil things that watched _
you at night and lived in the airwaves
between the CB radios. They had
turned Momma against you, and
they kept you in the Nuthouse so
you couldn't fight them anymore.
Oh, the Nuthouse was a bad place
and no mistake. They made you take
pills that grew mushrooms inside your mind, They
hooked you up to the power lines and tried to fry your
insides. They even tried to put a Poison Radio Man
inside you, but you fought them off. You bit the tip of
your tongue off and drove the evil away with your own
blood. They watched you every day, but you never
stopped fighting. In the end, they had to let you go.

Concentrate, focus. Remember the agonies of the Abyss,
remember the eternal prison that Hell was supposed to be
The tormenting void where you and all the other rebels were
exiled for the crime of loving humanity too much. Other
demons became bitter and twisted by this punishment, but
you held on to your vision — the dream of a paradise for
mortal and immortal alike. That dream kept you whole while

ScodBac

Fear to TREAD

in Hell and now, you have escaped. Now, you have
found a home inside @ mortal shell — but this poisoned mind
is so hard to live in...

Momma went to Heaven while you were in the
Nuthouse, and there was no one to stop the Poison
Radio Men from tormenting you. They beat you, tor-
tured you, watched you. They always watched you,
waiting for a sign of weakness, waiting for you to tell
them where Joe Tonklin was. But you were strong, you
knew they were watching, and you fought them back.
You kept your things in a shopping trolley, you boiled
your water seven times before drinking, and you kept
your toenails in your pocket so they couldn't steal your
DNA. They kept beating you, hurting you, hounding
you across the country and beaming bad thoughts into
your head. But they couldn't make you tell — not even

when theysent a bad man to hit you witha car
and make you dead. Youcouldn'trun
anymore, but you would never tell.
You thought this mortal body
would be a perfect host. But there's
something wrong with his mind, with
his body, and not even your healing
powers can fix it. You're sure there
are no Poison Radio Men — at
least, most of the time you're sure.
Maybe your host is being pursued by
powerful enemies that poison his food and his
mind. You can't be sure because it's so hard to
stay focused sometimes. What matters is bring-
ing Paradise, to save precious humanity from God
and Hell and Joe Tonklin. Wait...

Concept: Are you a demon in the
body of a schizophrenic or a schizo-
= phrenic who thinks he's a demon?

How can you be sure? Sometimes, you
feel clear and focused, and you know your
purpose — but sometimes, the clouds form in your mind
again when you aren't concentrating on your mission.
Tn time, you're sure you can work it out, but maybe you
don't have much time.

Roleplaying Hints: You're an erratic, irrational
mess from time to time, buffeted by random thoughts
and unfocused paranoia. Even when your mind and
purpose is clear to you, your host's mannerisms and
tics keep surfacing and getting in the way. You mutter
a lot, swear absentmindedly and occasionally have
small seizures and spasms. You haven't bathed in a
long time, and you're beginning to suspect that other
mortals expect you to — what else are you supposed
to be doing?


Nam:
PLayER:
GironicLe:

Narure: Visiosana
DemeEanor: Deviant
Concept:

House: Asnanu
Faction:
Wisace:

Prysicat

Sociat

Menran

Strength. @@00 Charisma_t___e@ @®0o0 Perception {intutive) @ @ @ @
Dexterity. OOO Manipulation O O O Intelligence.
Stamina @@@00 Appearance 000 Wits.

SkILLS KNOWLEDGES

Animal Ken, @@@00 = Academics.

Crafts. Computer.
Demolitions. Finance

Drive Investigation
a < Law.

Firearms Linguistics.

Melee. Medicine______
Performance Occile
Security. Politics

Stealth Religion,

Survival, Research.
Technology. Science.

apvanracEs an a al
Lore

Winds APaRRUES

Conscience___
Awakening Ss @O000

Conviction.
Humanity __ @0000 Courage___@0000
00000

90000

00000 90000 90000

00000 00000 30000

00000 00000 a 3 1GOOGO)

<n dpocaLyPic FO eee FO cain a

Qo09000000090

——Tor
Permanent

@e@e@eo000000
Temporary

OoO000000000

+ Wa.rowr

e @e@eoo00000

@@eeo.

Awareness

Brawl

Dodge.

Empathy

Expression

Intimidation

Intuition

O0000
@000

loleye)

Leadership.
Streetwise
Subterfuge___O'¢

_ _BackGROUNDS
Eninence _ @O000

(Contacts ___ @@000
Paragon lee)
00000

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

EXPERIENCE

g9oo0goggog ogo ood


Prelude: Death comes toall things, and it comesat your
hand. When the Creator fashioned you from the ether, He
charged you with the duty of husbanding the plants and
animals of the world to their death, returning their essences
tothe earth. Asa Slayer, you were the least of God's angelic
creations, and that hurt you, but you accepted your place in
the natural order, just as you accepted God's decree that
humanity was to be protected from the touch of death.

But Lucifer's rebellion changed everything. The rebel
angel sought to destroy God's dictatorial hierarchy, to
make all beings equal and to bring humanity fully into the
natural cycle of life and death. Having spent ages suffering
the disdain of other angels and the pain of being separated
from humans by the Creator's laws, youembraced Lucifer's
doctrine of freedom. During the War of Wrath, you
brought death to mortals and even (shockingly) to other
angels and demons. You saw horrors and atrocities, and
your soul hardened to humanity's situa-
tion, but younever lost faith in Lucifer or
in the worthiness of his crusade.

Evenstill, yourfaith wasnotenough,
The demons lost the war and were inte
prisoned in Hell. Other demons were
consumed with doubt, anger and regret,
but not you. Yes, you wondered where Luci-
fer was and wondered why the rebellion had
failed, but you kept beliéving,in Lucifer's
cause. Equality ahd justice — these things
remained worthwhile, even after an eter-
nity in the torments of Hell.

Then, the gates of Hell inexplica-
bly started to crumble, and you were
ablesto escape to the mortal world.
Afteragesof darkness, you wanted more
than anything else to see the vital,
living world that you once knew. In-
stead, you opened your new eyes onto a Scene of death —
corpses stretched out on slabs, rigid and cold ima dimly lit
room. The explanation lay inside the fading thoughts of
your mortal host who lay dying in a pool of his own blood.

This mortal, it seemed, had always been a moody,
introverted child. His family saw him as emotionally
distant, unknowable, unlovable. In truth, he adored his
family, buche had neverbeen able to express those feelings.
He was always frightened of being seen as weak and
unworthy. He grew up in luxury — courtesy of his parents!
wealth and influence — but he always felt apart, unable'to,
breach the barriers between himself and his loved ones.

Eventually, he went to college to study medicine —
partially because of his intelligence, but mostly because he
wanted to impress his doctor father. He thought he would

Fear vo TREAD

love medicine, but he hated it instead. He wanted to help
others, to heal the sick, but medical school was all dry
theory and pragmatic business. Above all, he hated the
pervasiveness of death, the bored way in which other
students accepted death and mortality. When he had to
study cadavers and perform surgery on bodies, he became
extremely depressed. He started drinking and skipping
classes, wanting to drop out but unwilling to disappoint his
father and possibly wind up disowned in the bargain.

In the end, he did not have to worry about letting his
parents down. No, ina twist of fate, his parents died inacar
accident just weeks before his final exams. Grief ripped
him to pieces, left him tattered and hollow. Death was
inevitable, there was no escaping it, and all life was just a
way of marking time before oblivion. Medicine was a joke
—a pointless attempt to hold back the darkness, to deny
theend'that came to parent and child alike. The moming
ofhis exams, he stopped trying to pretend
that it was worth trying. He went to the
college's morgue, sat down by the cadav-
ers and slit his forearms from his elbows
right up,to the heels of his hands.

This poor mortal's memories have
rocked you to the core. For you, death has
alwaysbeen beautifuland necessary; Youknew
that mortals feared it, but that never mattered
to you. Yet, your host's emotions feel likéyour
‘own now, and his pain has become your own.
Youstill have faith in Lucifer's dream, and you,
have dedicated yourself to finding your lost
leaderandrevivingthewaragainst Heaven,
but you will not see humanity used and
abused as it once was, not any longer.

Concept: You still believe that
death is important and necessary, but
- you cannot be casual about it any-
more. Now, you, know that life is precious and should be
protected. Ifkucifer can be rescued, he can show humanity
the way and protect it against the misguided depredations
of the Earthbound and the rest of the legions of Hell. Your
host's wealth and knowledge will help you, but Lucifer has
been missing for aeons. You will need help in finding him
and in stopping Hell's invasion plans.

Roleplaying Hints: People see you as uncaring and
distant, but that simply isnot true. You just do not know
how to communicate with people, so you stay quiet
most of the time, preferring not to attract attention.
Inside, though, you care about people and the world,
and the urge to do something overwhelms you some-
times. When it does, you have to speak, to act — only
to retreat afterward, embarrassed and shy again.


Dexterity.
Stamina

TaLenrs

Alertness. 00000
Athletics_____O 00 00
Awareness @0000
Brawl 00000
Dodge. 00000
Empathy. @000
Expression @0000
Intimidation 00000
Intuition @0000
Leadership oc

Streetwise oo¢
Subterfuge. c

BackGROUNDS
Influence ss ®@@000

Legacy ____ ee000
Paragon ___ 00

sources 00
0000
00000
00000

@000 Manipulation
@000 Appearance

Narure: Canraiven
Dempanor: Lonen

@eeood
@eeo0o0

SILLS

Animal Ken. @000
Crafts.

Demolitions.

Drive

Etiquette. @e@@e@00
Firearms 00000
Melee 00000
Performance @@000
Security. 00000
Stealth OO0000
Survival. OO000
Technology. @@000

Ftouse: Hata
Faction:

CHRONICLE: ConcEPr:
PHYSICAL Seciat
Strength. O00 Charisma. @e0o00o0

Wienrat

Perception.
Intelligence (Brilliant)
Wits

KKNOWLEDGES
Academics @@000
Computer. @0000
Finance @e@000
Investigation. 00000
Law. O0000
Linguistics, oye)
Medicine. @@@00
Occult____ . 0OO060
Politics @@000
Religion, @0000
Research_____ @OO000
Science. @0000

APVANTAGES a

Lore ‘VIRTUES
Deaty "ORF @0000 Conscience___ ‘e)
Reatms __ @O000 Conviction. 000
Spirits. 60000 Courage__@@000
Q0000
90000
90000

OOOO

070-00 O10:
QO00000O0090
a FORMENT >

Permanent
@e@e@eee00000

Temporary
OOOO0000000
+ WiLLrowrr =>
@e2@eee0@0@0000
ODaagogogoogoggogogg

O RAO

HOODOO

<egu ApocaLyPIc FORT men F'15H cece {11221111 ape

Bruised Q
Hurt "1. ()
Injured Ale)
Wounded 2 Q
Mauled 22, ka
Crippled 50
Incapacitated E)

EXPERIENCE



Tvrropucrion

This book is nominally intended forthe Storyteller's eyes only. It contains Trait ratings
and motivations for the bad guys, as well as all of the intricacies and secrets of the plot.
Being a book of stories, it kind of has to, and there is no way to Hide them from you should
you read further.

So, if you want to buy this book (or you already have)-because you like what you
have seen'6f Demon: The Fallen thus far, we are certaifily not going td stop you. Hey,

‘more power to you, frankly. Just remember that knowing how the plot plays out before

you even begin the game might take'some ofthe fun out of it for you. But even if being
thus informed beforehand/actually adds to your enjoyment,/still keep in mind that
your fellow players (and your Storyteller) might not feel thle same way. In short, all
we have to say is, try not to'blow the surprises for the, others, try not to steal your
Storyteller's thunder, and try not to hog the spotlight. Thatway, everybody gets to
enjoy the game'as much as you do.



They worshiped their idols, which became a snare
to them. They sacrificed their sons and their daughters

to demons.
—Psalm 106: 36-37

One of the main problems with the way in which
the fallen are reborn into the physical world in these
days so near the End Times spoken of in the book of
Revelation is that the process is so random and incon-
venient. Not every demon in the Abyss is able to
force himself through the cracks in that prison's vast
gate. Some are simply too large and powerful to fit.
Notevery demon who is able to get through is willing
or motivated to do so. Perhaps their spirits are too
badly broken by their defeat in the War of Wrath,
their apparent betrayal by their erstwhile hero Luci-
fet or even the recognition of how degraded and
pitiful they have become since the glorious first days
of their rebellion. Not every demon who does try to
escape is able to remain free for long. By the Creator's
design, the inexorable spiritual gravity of the Abyss
pulls these escapees back down into their prison

unless they find some fetter to which to anchor
themselves in the physical world. Those demons who
are fortunate enough to be able to find an anchor
within a suitable mortal host and resist the pull of the
Abyss must usually do so out of desperate necessity,
rather than any conscious, rational decision. On top
of that, the lingering memories and emotional con-
nections of the demons' mortal hosts have a tendency
to override and even supplant the demons' personali-
ties, as well as their memories of who they once were
in the earliest days of their glory. Therefore, the
fallen return to this world weak, confused and widely
separated by the circumstantial vagaries of their
mortals hosts' soulless lives.

The only alternative to this unforeseeable pitfall
in the process of returning to Earth is one that was
discovered centuries ago by the five archdukes of the
Abyss. When they disappeared from the Abyss after
having been summoned to the physical plane by


powerful sorcerers — much to the surprise of their
comrades who were left behind — they found a way to
anchor themselves either to objects or to physical
locations that had been of great significance to them.
Within these reliquaries or bastions, these fallen (as
well as those who followed them in the same manner
over the intervening centuries) were safe from the
spiritual gravity of Hell, but their freedom came at a
terrible price. Despite their incredible power — which
had been diluted not one iota by having to mingle with
a mortal host's mind — they were rooted in place,
unable to show themselves or even move about freely
as they once had done when the world was young.
Furthermore, while the Earthbound (as they have
since come to be known) were not diluted by mortal
memories or emotions, they likewise had no bulwark
in place against their roiling torment from a war lost
anda sojourn in Hell. As the years passed, they became
insane, unpredictable beings so different from the holy
figures they once were as to be all but unrecognizable.

But what if a clever, enterprising demon found a
way to make the best of these pitfalls so as to forward his
own diabolical agenda? Even worse, what if that demon
was one of the Earthbound itself? That idea is the
premise of Suffer the Children, the first story in the Fear
to Tread chronicle. Coming together at the behest of
their demonic court, a visiting superior or even simple
coincidence, the characters uncover a plot to destroy
the souls of innocent children in order to make them
viable hosts for demons whom the perpetrator of this
crime can select at his leisure. And the perpetrator to
whom this scheme can be traced back is none other
than Enshagkushanna, a mad Earthbound demon who
has taken up residence in Los Angeles.

‘Tue PLor (IN Brier)

The opening scene of this story takes place offstage
when a hardworking counselor at a school for troubled
teens dies under mysterious circumstances. Those cir-
cumstances in question bear the unmistakable taint of
unholy interference, and an investigation begins into
exactly who this woman was and what she could have
been involved in that was important enough toademon
to risk taking her life as it did. This investigation leads
to an institute called the Marshall School for Troubled
Teens (the victim's workplace), where one of the stu-
dents expresses concern over what has been happening
at the school in recent months. She makes it clear that
her counselor discovered something dangerous and that
she believes that whatever that counselor discovered
resulted in her demise. Investigating further, the char-
acters uncover what the counselor's discovery only
hinted at—namely that certain studentsat the Marshall
School are being turned into hosts for demons at the

Fear vo TREAD

behest of a villainous Earthbound monster. In fact, one
such student is scheduled to be replaced as soon as
possible. Discovering what's going on and realizing that
their timetable is limited, it is up to the characters to
confront those who are behind this operation and deal
with them appropriately.

STORUTELLER CHARACTERS

While not all of these characters are highly influ-
ential movers and shakers in the Los Angeles
Tri-County Area (even in fallen society), they all
have parts to play in Suffer the Children. Some are
intended simply to point the characters in the right
direction should they become hopelessly confused
about exactly what's going on or should they find
themselves at a loss as to how to proceed in their
investigation. You can skip over some of them if you
find that your players' characters don't need their
help. You can also switch them out with Storyteller
characters of your own design or from previous events
in your own chronicle, if you so choose. You can even
supplement their roles further (if your players appear
to be having a particularly dense evening) by having
the Storyteller characters to whom the ones presented
here are connected in Los Angeles's greater infernal
society make brief appearances. Explanations of how
the various Storyteller characters are connected can
be found in the Storyteller Characters chapter of this
book, and even more information is presented in
Demon: City of Angels.

* Mary Blacksmith. Mary is the counselor from
the Marshall Institute for Troubled Teens whose death
kick starts the whole story (or even the whole chronicle
if you should decide to run Fear to Tread thus). While
she can hardly be an active participant in the events as
they unfold, the characters would likely not even be
aware of the problem that is festering in their home
city right under their noses if it were not for her. Plus,
it's the effect that she has had on several of the
students at the Marshall School that allows those
students to resist the depredations of those who wish
to do them harm.

Fell Knight Ashur (AKA Jeff Black). This
fallen angel is the once-lover of the tyrant of the
Infernal Court of Los Angeles, whose return to the
physical world inspired him to put aside his standing in
the Luciferan faction in favor of the diametrically
opposed Reconciler philosophy. It is because of this
sentimental leaning that he urges the characters to take
action. It is through the role of his host —a Los Angeles
County sheriff's deputy — that he becomes involved in
the mystery surrounding Mary Blacksmith.

* Lo-ruhamah (AKA Dr. Katherine
Roggenkamp). It is from this unpleasant demon that


Citpter ONE

the first answers to the mystery surrounding Mary
Blacksmith's fate come. Working out of the morgue of
the Martin Luther King Jr./Charles R. Drew Medical
Center and relying on the expertise and assistance of
her colleague, Bizjotha (AKA Dr. Ronni Parks), she
isable to state conclusively that demonic influence was
responsible for Mary Blacksmith's death.

¢ The Speaker of the Fallen Tower. Two charac-
ters occupy this lofty title — that of the senior minister
of the Ministry of Dust — in the opposing demonic
courts Los Angeles, but for the purposes of this story, it
does not matter which one the characters come into
contact with. If your characters represent the estab-
lished Infernal Court, they will meet Lord Vohu Mano.
Ifthey represent the more secretive Blood Court, they
will encounter Lord Vritran. Should they be indepen-
dent of either court, the characters likely will not
encounter either one, though the possibility exists that
they could wind up speaking to both separately.

¢ Fell Knight Guanli (AKA Jeremiah Azevedo).
This officer of the Los Angeles Police Department is
also the senior minister of the Lion Ministry of the
Infernal Court of Los Angeles. Depending on the char-
acters' loyalties, Guanli will either be involved in the
story indirectly at Fell Knight Ravana's request, or it
will be through him that Fell Knight Ravana is intro-
duced into the story.

¢ Fell Knight Ravana (AKA Mary Beth
Holden). The senior minister of the Lion Ministry of
the Blood Court of Los Angeles, Ravana either intro-
duces or is introduced by her lover Fell Knight Guanli
It's her job to take direct action against perceived
threats to her court, but she takes a personal interest
in dealing with the situation at the Marshall School
for Troubled Teens.

* José Matinalé. One of the students at the Marshall
School, José has recently lost a friend and confidante in
Mary Blacksmith.

* Alicia Rhowes. A friend of José's and another
self-described ward of Mary Blacksmith. She doesn't
know exactly what's happening insecretat the Marshall
School, but she knows that evil is afoot. However, she
has faith in God that help is on the way.

© Maxwell Harris. A spoiled bully and a toady to
strong authority figures, Maxwell Harris is the student
of the Marshall School who last spoke to Mary Black-
smith. He is partially aware of what's happening behind
closed doors at the school, but he's unlikely to cooperate
with outsiders.

¢ Edward Harvey. Anadministratorat the Marshall
School and a longtime acquaintance of the school's
new headmaster, Henry Vandermeer. He is in on the
conspiracy with the headmaster, and the pressure has
begun to get to him, but he's convinced that the rewards

for his complicity will easily outweigh the tension and
dread he must put himself through in the short term.
©*Colonel" Henry David Vandermeer. The ring-
leader of the diabolical conspiracy that is at work
behind the scenes at the Marshall School for Troubled
Teens, Henry Vandermeer is the school's new head-
master. He is also a willing thrall to the powerful and
dangerous Earthbound demon, Enshagkushanna.

INVOLVING THE CHARACTERS

As stated in the introduction of this book, Fear to
Tread assumes that the players' characters will become
involved in the stories' events by coming from one of
three social circles. They are most likely supporters of
the Infernal Court of Los Angeles (headed by Baroness
Kishar), supporters of LA's more secretive Blood Court
(headed by Lady Anat) or independent investigators
working at the behest of Lady Al-Lat. (Corralling
characters who are otherwise affiliated is up to you and
your players, as is the means by which the characters
come to work together in the first place.)

In this instance, however, it might not even matter
exactly which group your characters belong to. The
event that starts this story rolling is a sudden upwelling
of infernal power so large that it's hard to miss it. The
fallen can detect and even locate such a surge naturally
witha Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 7). Should
you be so inclined, you can make this roll for your
characters reflexively or even simply declare the at-
tempt a suci without requiring a roll. Regardless,
start the story by having an enormous flare of infernal
energy erupt near the characters' location(s) and subtly
encourage them to check it out.

If your characters are members of the Infernal Court
and they don't respond to this prodding, have the
Storyteller character Fell Knight Guanli contact them
either by telephone or invocation. Have him explain
who he is (although they should already know well
enough) and tell them that he overheard a request on
his police radio for any available units to check out a
disturbing traffic incident in the city. He would have
thought nothing of it, except for the fact that he felt a
surge of demonic power coming from exactly the loca-
tionwhere the incident reportedly took place at precisely
the time it was reported. (Allow the characters to
confirm that they too felt the sensation he's describing.)
Then have Guanli tell them that since they were
(conveniently) the only members of the Infernal Court
he knew of who were anywhere near the scene of the
disturbance, he needs them to go and look into the
situation. If they resist, have him add that they are the
only ones who responded to his attempted contact and
that the Ministry of Lions (of which he is the head)
would consider their cooperation a favor.


26

Should the characters be supporters of the Blood
Court, you can have almost exactly the same thing
happen. Rather than have Guanli contact them,
though, have Fell Knight Ravana do so. Have her let
them know that she won't be able to get out to the
site of the event herself and that she would appreci-
ate it if they could take a look around and report to
her once they know what's going on. Should they
resist, have her insinuate that the Ministry of Lions
finds such unwillingness to cooperate on something
so simple disturbing and that that sort of bad impres-
sion could have a way of making itself felt throughout
all the Blood Court.

If the characters are agents of Al-Lat, do the same
as you would have if they were supporters of the
Infernal Court, but ifthe characters resist, have Guanli
imply that Al-Lat would really appreciate their help.
As agents supporting a Cryptic character in pursuit of
a Cryptic goal, however, the characters should require

little (if any) such prodding.

Scene Ong

THE |
CRASHSITE

There are any number of open spaces in this town,
but surely, none is as attractive on a late summer's
evening as the plaza before the old church of St.
Michael. Its Victorian fagade is silhouetted by the last
rays of sunset and the lights that have just now sprung
to life around the war memorial that a later generation
erected in front. Red umbrellas shelter the tables of the
open-air café. The air now is warm and filled with the
aroma of coffee. This place is something of a cross-
roads. Major streets lead in from the north and south
of town, and a Greyhound bus station is set where they
loop around the plaza's edge.

By the time the characters arrive, however, this
peaceful scene has been violently disturbed, and the
chaos arising from whatever happened is only now
beginning to die down. Three police cars from the
LAPD are on the scene with their lights flashing but
their sirens off. A cruiser from the LA County
Sheriff's Department is parked away from the other
police cars. A fire truck is on the scene as well, and
a team of firemen is lazily pouring water on the
smoldering wreckage of what used to be a car. An
ambulance is on the scene, but its rear doors are
closed, and its attendant paramedics are just hang-
ing out by the bumper with nothing todo. A growing
throng of people is milling about in a rough line,
watching the firemen finish their work, pestering
the policemen or just talking excitedly amongst

Fear to TREAD

themselves. Several of the policemen are warning
the interested onlookers to keep back, but no one
has yet strung up any sort of barrier. Fortunately,
none of the spectators appears to mind particularly
keeping their distance

The scene doesn't match the devastation that
the Devil's Night Riots or the preceding earthquake
wrought, but it is gruesome nonetheless. The plaza is
a ruin of scattered tables, damaged outdoor chairs
and other detritus that looks like it was dropped ina
hurry. This trail of destruction ends abruptly at the
base of the war memorial, where a mid-size sedan has
crashed into the monument. All that remains of this
car now, though, is a beetle-black shell that's been
ravaged by fire. Scorch marks crawl up the face of the
memorial, as does a web of cracks. Should the char-
acters ask any of the bystanders what happened, they
manage to garner the following eyewitness account:

Everything seemed perfectly normal until, suddenly, a
squeal of brakes came from the north road. People who were
in a position to see began to shout and scream as a greenish
light washed over the plaza and a mid-size sedan hurtled into
view, completely engulfed in flame. It looked like flames
‘were streaming out of the windows and trailing along behind,
but truth to tell, it was sort of a pale, sick phosphorescence,
more like a chemical fire or "some kind of swamp-gas thing."
What you could see clearly through the windshield, though,
was the driver of the car — her eyes wide open and her face
contorted in terror

The car mounted the curb and skidded across the
plaza proper, plowing through tables and chairs like it
would through a picket fence. The café patrons were
already screaming and running, so nobody got hurt.
Finally, the car skewed away from the café and slammed
into the war memorial with the greenish flame still danc-
ing around it. But as the driver, a tall black lady, started
to climb out of the car, it looked for a second like the fire
was all on her instead of the car.

Anyway, she started screaming something and look-
ing at the church, but it was already too late for her. She
fell over the hood of the car, and the rest of it went up all
of a sudden like the car was made of wood instead of metal
or something. It finished burning very quickly, the flames
turning back to a more natural color, and people started
making calls to 911. An LA County sheriff's deputy
arrived first, and the LAPD, the fire truck and the
ambulance weren't far behind.

Once the speaker has finished giving this ac-
count, others around him begin to helpfully correct
him. "No, the gas tank was already on fire when the
car came through here," one person says. Another
claims that it blew up after it hit the war memorial,
but that the driver never got out — she must have
been thrown through the windshield. Yet a third


CHAPTER OVE

claims that the fire was never green in
the first place. The more people who
chime in, the less like the original ver-
sion the story becomes, until everyone
in the immediate crowd seems to have
rationalized what they saw into
something much closer to normal
(As normal as a car careening
through an outdoor café and
exploding can be, anyway.)
The characters might also
wish to take a closer look at the
car or talk to some of the emer-
gency personnel on the scene. A
discrete character may be able to characters away from the
sidle up and overhear some of~ firemen, snapping at them to
the radio and other conversa) SN keep back and stay out of the
tion that is going on while the ~ way. Should the characters
police and the firemen are busy have gone to the policemen
They will hear that reports of a first to ask what happened, the
burning car have been coming sv officers snap at them that it isn't
in from a range of several their concern. They shove the
blocks, suggesting that the car characters back, threatening
was burning for at least 10 them to stay out of police busi-
minutes before it reached ness. They refuse to answer
the plaza. How the driver any questions. Some of them
managed to pull this off @ Fare already taking state-
under such obvious duress ments from people who
isa mystery to everyone. actually witnessed the
Should any of the f event, and they're rolling
characters ask the para- | | their eyes as various wit-
medics what happened, J nesses' stories overlap and
they receive a shrug from IE \, conflict with one another.
oneand a sneer from the ‘ Assoonas the firemen are
other. The sneering one finished with the wreck-
says, "KKK barbecue," age, a small team of
but doesn't offer any- . forensic investigators be-
thing else. His partner gins circling the car
looksaghast buthas noth- snapping pictures, taking
ing helpful to say either notes and generally pok-
Should the characters try ing around the scene.

to talk to the firemen, = rT
Fhey must wait until the Deput U
BLAcK

team is through spraying
Once the charac-

water. When the spray
stops, the characters =i ters have been rebuffe
by the cops — or if

can see a charred and

melted body stuck \
around looking like they

across the scorched
and warped hood of have no idea what to do
now — the LA

the burned-out car
(The body does not ap- County _ sheriff's
deputy who first ar-

pear to have ended up in Y
this position by traveling rived on the scene

through the windshield.) The firemen
brusquely tell the characters to get back
and stay out of the way. If pressed as
to what happened, they say that
the fire appears to have been
caused by a ruptured fuel line
under the hood. It didn't
spread far, but it burned su-
per-hot and extremely fast.
In fact, it was mostly out by
the time they got there.
The officers of the
LAPD are the least helpful
of the bunch. They pull

o7
27


28

comes strolling up to them. He's a decent-looking
white guy who tops six feet and 200 pounds, but he's
scowling as he glances over at the war memorial. This
person has been seen in the company of Baroness
Kishar of the Infernal Court many times since the
baroness's arrival in Los Angeles, so he is easily
recognizable as the fallen named Ashur. The tag on
his uniform reads "Black."

If the characters are members of the Infernal
Court, Ashur greets them as if he recognizes them. He
might or might not call them by name, depending on
their Eminence or how much of an impression they've
made in LA already, but he treats them as respected
peers. If the characters are particularly notorious mem-
bers of the Blood Court, he approaches them grudgingly
but inexorably. If they are low-key members of the
Blood Court or agents of Lady Al-Lat, he approaches
them warily but with no evident malice. Since he is a
member of no court himself, Ashur should seem rela-
tively at ease approaching the characters on an equal
fallen-to-fallen level.

Once introductions have gone around (however
freely or grudgingly), Ashur implies to the characters
that he knows what they are (if not specifically who)
and that he assumes that they are here for the same basic
reason he is. He felt the surge of demonic power mo-
ments before a call came over his radio. Fortunately,
one witness managed to get the car's license plate, and
aquick subsequent check has revealed that the driver of
the car was one Mary Blacksmith. He's fairly certain
that Mary was no fallen herself, nor was she a known or
suspected thrall or vassal to any Earthbound. She was
definitely a victim of one or the other, though, because,
although he didn't see what happened, he knows that
this was no accident.

Ashur then tells the characters that he invoked
Kishar and asked her to have someone come out and
help him take a look into this situation. He hopes to be
able to figure out what's going on before too many more
fallen get involved or before word of what's happened
gets around and ignitesa panic in the fallen community.
If he knows that the characters are Infernal Court
members, Ashur asks them if Baroness Kishar sent
them. If he knows that they are not Infernal Court
members, or if they are and they tell him that it was
Guanli who asked them to check this situation out, he
sighs somewhat resignedly and asks them to help him
out nonetheless.

He's going to be stuck at the scene for a while,
he says, but he would appreciate it if the characters
could check out Mary Blacksmith's house for signs
of whether or not she left any evidence there of
being involved with a demon. Based on the eyewit-
ness reports he first received of where the burning

Fear to TREAD

car was coming from and the information that came
up when he ran her license plate, it seems likely that
Ms. Blacksmith's doomed trip started there. If the
characters agree to do so for him, Ashur gives them
Mary's address (and directions thereto) and tells
them that he'll be in touch as soon as he finishes up
at the scene. He tells them his Celestial Name if
they don't already know it, then asks for theirs if
they'll give him permission to contact them via
invocation. If they refuse, he'll settle for a cell-
phone number instead.

Scene £wo

Between scenes, the characters can take the
opportunity to discuss amongst themselves what
they've seen and what little they know thus far
(especially if they spread out and checked out the
crash site independently). They can also use this
opportunity to report back to those fallen who might
have set them to work in the first place. Guanli
replies to members of the Infernal Court immediately
and asks for any information they have gathered. He
thanks them for getting involved so quickly and asks
them to keep at it. He tells them that he'll inform
Lord Vohu Mano (i.e., the head of the Mortal Min-
istry for the Infernal Court) and Lord Aglibol of
what's happening but let the two know that the
characters are working on the case right now. If the
characters are contacting Guanli as agents of Al-Lat,
he takes some time to respond to them but thanks
them nonetheless. He also encourages them to keep
investigating. Lady Ravana informs members of the
Blood Court who contact her that they should keep
investigating and that she'll pass on the information
to Lord Vritran eventually.

If the characters want to conduct their investi: —
gation on the sly, so as not to give Mary's neighbors
or any police who might happen to show up any
reason to suspect that they were involved in Mary's
affairs, have the players roll Dexterity + Stealth. If
any of them fail this roll — or if the characters make
no effort to be sneaky — make a note that one or
more of Mary's neighbors happen to remember see~
ing them around Mary's place the same night they
found out about the accident. Should any of the
characters' players botch this roll, make a note that
one of the neighbors notices that character (or
possibly all of them) skulking around Mary's place
and looking generally disreputable, so she called the
police to report it. (This note should come into play
only if the characters spend too much time dawdling
around the apartment complex or if they harass the
neighbors, though.)


Citprer ONE

Searching Maru's House

When the characters arrive at Mary Blacksmith's
address, they don't find any police or fire personnel
there just yet. The place is an apartment complex in
aso-so neighborhood, which has not yet had the time
torun down. It appears relatively undamaged by the
recent earthquake, and if any damage was done by
Devil's Night rioters, it has long since been cleaned
up. Mary's apartment is on the second floor, and the
parking space out front with her apartment's number
on it is empty. A Perception + Investigation roll,
however, will reveal two very pronounced tire marks
leading out of the space and away toward the street,
indicating that Mary's car either peeled out of here in
ahurry or its tires were already heating up danger-
ously as she left. None of her neighbors are standing
around gawking or obviously waiting for the police,
though, so her departure must not have caused too
much of a spectacle.

Lending further credence to the idea that Mary
took off quickly is the fact that her apartment door is
unlocked. Otherwise, though, there is little useful infor-
mation to be found. She apparently lived alone, and by
the looks of the place, she didn't spend much time here.
There are no obvious signs of a struggle or any indica-
tion that anything was burning when Mary left. Another
Perception + Investigation roll reveals that no such
signs appear to have been hidden or disguised either.
Even a Perception + Awareness roll reveals nothing of
especial import except for a general emotional reso-
nance of distinct unease.

Mary kept a lot of memorabilia here, especially
drawings and trinkets made by children, and a lot of
books related to adolescent psychology. She has a
personal computer on a cluttered work desk, but it's
room temperature and coated in a fine layer of dust
from lack of use. Rooting around through her system
reveals only some accounting software, a word pro-
cessor, several games and a dial-up Internet
connection. The only thing of particular note on
the computer is that, according to her accounting
software, she was drawing a paycheck from a place
called the Marshall School for Troubled Teens.
Random notepads or unused letterhead among the
clutter on her desk reveals the same, as well as the
school's address.

In her bedroom hangs a beautiful calligraphic
rendering of the Ave Maria, together with a small
crucifix. The bed is unmade, and a set of discarded
nightclothes lies next to it. An open romance novel
lies on top of that. The rest of the room looks relatively
normal, as does the bathroom and her half-kitchen.
Whatever happened to Mary obviously didn't start in
her apartment.

The characters' players must succeed ona Dexterity
+ Stealth roll (difficulty 8) to avoid leaving any forensic
evidence of their characters' presence in Mary's apart-
ment. Make a note of any failed or botched rolls for
future reference.

‘TALKINGTO
Maru's NeiGhgors

Talking to Mary's neighbors isn't especially help-
ful. If the characters want to go knocking on doors
and asking for information, tailor the neighbors'
responses based on how civil the characters are. The
most any neighbor can tell them (if they are either
polite and charming or they are able to play them-
selves off as police investigators) is that Mary was a
nice neighbor who never gave anyone any trouble.
She was usually congenial, if somewhat withdrawn,
but lately, she looked like she hadn't been getting
much sleep. None of them were aware that she'd left
recently, but some of them did hear a car leaving at
roughly the time at which Mary presumably left. (It
wasn't tearing out of there, though.) A helpful neigh-
bor can also provide the information that Mary
worked at the Marshall School for Troubled Teens if
the characters haven't discovered as much inside
Mary's apartment.

Scene THREE

The characters do not hear from Ashur until late
the next morning. In the meantime, news of the
previous evening's fatal (nearly disastrously so) acci-
dent has already made it into the local papers and
local news broadcasts. It names the victim as well as
her place of employment. The police theory, it seems,
is that Mary Blacksmith was driving drunk and lost
control of her car, which subsequently exploded. An
unnamed witn story corroborates this theory. A
closed-casket funeral service is planned to be held in
one week, provided it doesn't need to be postponed
as a result of an inconclusive tox-screen.

Once the characters have had a chance to digest
this information, Ashur either calls them via cell
phone or invokes them directly, depending on how
their previous encounter ended. He tells them that
he's eager to hear about anything they might have
learned in their investigation last night, but he's
discovered something on his own that he thinks
they might be interested in if they feel like continu-
ing to help him look into this matter for their
higher-ups. He asks them to meet him as soon as
they can down in the morgue of the Martin Luther
King, Jr./Charles R. Drew Medical Center so they
can see it for themselves.


30,

(Should the characters ignore this request, they
might plan instead to check out Mary Blacksmith's
place of employment. If they so choose, go ahead and
skip to Scene Four.)

‘Tre Moncur

The medical center's morgue is not a pleasant
place to be. It's lights seem just a little bit dimmer
than the lights in the rest of the hospital. People are
few and far between, and those few the characters do
see are somber souls with pale, drawn skin. They
don't make eye contact or even stop to ask what the
characters are doing down here, even though it is
probably obvious that the characters are not hospital
staff. The characters pass several locked doors and
find Ashur still in uniform waiting outside a door
marked "Autopsy Room One."

He greets them once more and warns them to
hang onto their breakfast as he leads them into the
autopsy room. Inside, the body of Mary Blacksmith
lies naked and burned to a crisp on the examination
table under a bright fluorescent light. A wheeled tray
of instruments stands next to the table on the far side,
and two women flank it, looking at the characters.
Ashur introduces them as Doctors Katherine
Roggenkamp and Ronni Parks and explains that he
asked them to take a look at the body for him. After
another quick glance in their direction and a nod
from them, he adds that their Celestial Names are
Lo-ruhamah and Bizjotha respectively. Bizjotha nods
respectfully, while Lo-ruhamah appears to be having
trouble not poking the burned flesh on the table
before her.

Ashur introduces the characters by the names he
knows them by, then asks Lo-ruhamah to tell them
what she's learned. She explains with a strangely
misplaced glee that this body came into her morgue
late last night when she was on her way out and that
the strangeness of it inspired her to begin her exami-
nation right away. By the end of the night, she had to
call in her colleague Dr. Parks from another hospital
for a second opinion. Working together, they made
several key discoveries. As Lo-ruhamah points these
discoveries out, her finger idly brushes the dead woman's
skin and lingers there in contact.

First, the body shows no signs of trauma associ-
ated with the impact of the car accident, which belies
the police's theory that she was thrown through the
windshield of her car. Second, there isno identifiable
trace in what's left of her system of any drug that
would have impaired her driving ability. Third, their
tests seem to indicate that her skin and internal
organs boiled and burned from the inside out, rather
than the other way around. Coupling those facts with

Fear to TREAD

the sensation of great infernal power that they all
felt, they are sure that this woman was the victim of
a demonic assault.

What's more, Bizjotha adds when Lo-ruhamah
winds down, they believe that they have an idea of
which demon might be to blame. After all, when a
demon does something so significant, with so tan-
gible a result, he marks his victim in a subtly
identifiable way. The perpetrator here has done so,
and the results are disturbing. Although they cannot
be sure, the two doctors believe that the damage was
done by one of the two Earthbound who are presumed
to be active in the city. The doctors refer to these
Earthbound as "the Lord of Murder" and "the other
one," lest even their casual reference invoke one of
those two horrors' notice. They can't tell which
Earthbound might be responsible, but they're rela-
tively certain that it was one of them.

In the pause that follows, Ashur asks the charac-
ters what (if anything) they discovered at Mary
Blacksmith's place. Give them the opportunity to tell
him that it didn't seem as if Mary left her apartment in
any sort of trouble, nor did it especially resonate with
a sense of Earthbound taint (provided one of the
players succeeded on her Awareness roll). The only
thing they likely found of interest was the fact that she
worked at the Marshall School for Troubled Teens
right up until the day she died. (If the characters didn't
find this out, Ashur himself or one of the doctors can
mention having caught it in the paper or on the news
earlier that morning.)

At this point, have Ashur say that he has al-
ready contacted Kishar, who has relayed the message
to her court's head of the Ministry of Aurochs, Lord
Aglibol. As it is the job of Aglibol's ministry to
check out potential threats to the court, Aglibol
seemed the reasonable person to inform. Aglibol,
however, seems to think that the responsibility lies
with the Minister of Dust, Vohu Mano, and he
won't move on it. Vohu Mano, for his part is still
trying to get up to speed on the whole situation. Fell
Knight Guanli (the Minister of Lions, whose job it
is to act against threats to the court) seems willing
to make a move, but Aglibol won't allow it since he
believes that Guanli's ministry should only act with
his (Aglibol's) ministry's approval.

According to Kishar, Ashur says, the Infernal Court
is more or less deadlocked against itself, and even the
suggestions of the court's objective Minister of the
Dragon, Spentu Mainyu, are having no effect. There-
fore, the characters have an opportunity to seize the
initiative while the court spins its wheels (which has its
appeal to supporters of either court, as well as to agents
of Al-Lat). In order to do so, it would be best for the


CHapreR OVE

characters to check out Mary Blacksmith'
place of employment and sniff around for
signs of Earthbound interference there.

Meanwhile, Ashur will take what time he can
outside his regular duties as an LA County sheriff's
deputy and look into Mary Blacksmith's background
and family life to see if he can spot any signs of infernal
dealings there. At the same time, the two doctors will
devote what time they can to trying to figure out
definitively which of the two Earthbound is responsible
for Mary's death

Scene Four

Forewarned is forearmed in this situation, so it
behooves the characters to try to find out as much as
theycan about the Marshall School where Mary worked
before actually showing up and asking questions. The
easiest sources of information to check include the
Internet and the newspaper and magazine archives at
the library.

RESEARCH
The following text may be found on the new
Marshall School website or in a pamphlet about the

school, which one can obtain from either the school or
LA's temporary City Hall

FERED

Welcome to the Marshall School for
Troubled Teens. That's the old-fashioned name
for a thoroughly modern facility that helps and
protects both young people and our community 24
hours a day, 365 days a year. We keep the name because
we take pride in our long history of caring for young people
at risk and in our beautiful historic buildings
The Marshall School was originally the premises of
the Aloysius Marshall Factory. The Marshall Factory's
brickworks and tile kilns left their mark on many of the
fine buildings of this area. The site was refurbished and
first used as a home for orphans and destitutes in 1930 as
part of the charitable bequest of Miss Victoria Marshall to
the city. In 1995, the state ceded operation of the site to
the Dodeca Corporation. We are now a privately run
juvenile justice center with full accreditation from the
national authority
This center provides accommodations and facilities for
learning and recreation in a secure environment. Young
people are housed in sex-specific, four-person rooms, to
permit for both security and privacy. Our main facilities
arein the old factory building, but specialized training units
are placed around our park-like internal grounds. Staff
supervision combined with proactive design and centralized
communications has given us an excellent record both in
preventing internal incidents and unauthorized access to
the community at large

3t

Our staff is a highly trained professional body, in-
cluding fully qualified counselors and medical personnel
who are on the grounds at all times. We have comprehen-
sive educational programming run by experienced teach-
ers and trainers. Our programs are designed both to
address the offenses these young people have committed
and to provide the maximum options for their successful
reintegration into the community at the completion of
their sentences. Thanks to our private benefactors, we
have recently been able to institute an animal care pro-
gram, such as has been successfully developed in other
states. It has been inspiring to see the interest, motivation
and capacity to care our first trial group has demonstrated
when given responsibility for the well-being of a small,
helpless creature.

There are many reasons that young people come to
us, but all have lost their way in this complex modern
world. The pressures placed on youth by natural disaster,
high unemployment, broken homes, abuse of drugs and
alcohol and the tensions generated by ethnicity and gender
are greater now than ever before. Every member of our
staff considers it a personal duty to rise to the challenge of
helping these troubled teens. And I myself am proud to
have this opportunity to assist our community in this most
important of ways.

—Headmaster Henry David Vandermeer, Lt. Colo-
nel, United States Army (retired)

Most of the following additional facts can be found
elsewhere on the Internet, in specialist publications or
in the archives of the local newspaper, as appropriate.

* Henry David Vandermeer, age 63, is a recently
retired lieutenant colonel of the United States Army.
He was originally from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, born
toa wealthy family of small-goods manufacturers. He
obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard
(specializing in Military History) before being ac-
cepted to West Point at the late age of 22. His career
in the military thereafter was distinguished, includ-
ing service in the Gulf War. After retiring, he became
active in the cause of underprivileged youth and
spoke publicly on the topic. He was also an investor
in the Dodeca Corporation, which funded social
programs for underprivileged youth. His activism
culminated in his moving to Los Angeles and accept-
ing the position of headmaster at the Marshall School.
He lives at the school in the quarters traditionally
provided for the headmaster.

The last headmaster, Dr. Peter Murgatroyd, died
suddenly of heart failure abouta year ago. He was 53 and
had held the position for eight years.

* The Marshall family itself is extinct. Aloysius
Marshall, a respected businessman who originally had
the factory compound that is not the site of the school
built, died of a heart attack at the age of 65. His

Fear To TREAD

daughter, Victoria, was his sole heir and greatly given to
charitable works. She died of pneumonia at the age of
82. They are buried side-by-side ina local cemetery, and
both seem to have been utterly unremarkable in their
beliefs and habits.

* The Dodeca Corporation — a company whose
logo is a cute, blue dodecahedron — is a firm princi-
pally made up of human-resource specialists with
interests in juvenile-detention centers and facilities
for the disabled all across the country. The company
does not appear to be in financial trouble, nor is
anyone suing it for anything notable at the moment.
The Dodeca Corporation has long been a financial
supporter of social programs for underprivileged
youths, and it has generously donated funds to local
relief efforts in the wake of the earthquake and the
Devil's Night Riots.

© That fact that some residents of the school can
earn day leave is listed on the school's website. Older
students who are well behaved and demonstrate re-
markable improvement in their classwork can attend
classes at the local college, and some shops and factories
provide work experience for students with good records
who are also nearing the end of their stays at the school.
What is not generally known but which can be deter-
mined from the roster of "day leave" students on the site
is that, in the past year, the number of such arrange-
ments has been declining.

* Complaints about the Marshall School (in-
cluding escapes or other disturbances originating
from within) as reported in local newspapers or the
minutes of City Council meetings are pretty much
nonexistent for the past 10 years. Before that, trouble
sprang up intermittently. As an example of such
trouble, an old feature story on the smuggling of drugs
into the school and a report on two kids breaking out
and showing up the next day at the public school they
attended before being sent to the Marshall School.
Each such incident inspired a flurry of letters from
local citizens about the desirability of having sucha
sink of youthful depravity in their midst. This pattern
continues back to the 1930s. The same sources may
also reveal that it was about 10 years ago that the
school underwent a major refurbishing project, con-
current with a state-wide rethinking of
juvenile-detention policy.

* A complete list of the current staff and their
addresses is kept on record at both Dodeca (which
manages the school's human resources as well as
helping to support it financially) and the Marshall
School itself, but neither will just give it out. A little
creative digging with a computer (i.e., hacking) will
reveal this information upon a successful Wits +
Computer roll (difficulty 7).


CHAPTER ONE

A successful hacker can obtain a complete list of
staff members, along with names, home addresses and
vital statistics of all residents. She may also find some
intriguing specifications regarding the Marshall
School's security system (most of which has only been
installed since Vandermeer took over). This security
system is a completely separate internal network with
aredundant power supply. Itcan only be influenced by
someone gaining access to the school's control room.

A password will give automatic access to theschool's
network. Obtaining a password to the security system
reduces the difficulty of a hacker's roll to 6 and, of
course, permits direct access to the control room. This
password is known only to Vandermeer, Edward Harvey
and Holden Brown, though.

PERMANENT MARSHALL SCHOOLS!

Headmaster: Henry David Vandermeer

Chief of Staff: Melanie Magee

Chief of Security: Holden Brown

Security Staff: A rotating roster of 24 men (8 on
duty at any time)

Administrator: Edward Harvey

Secretarial Staff: Alice Monroe, Evonne Yindel

Head Counselor: Mary Blacksmith

Counseling Staff: Carlos Juarez, Candice O'Dell,
John Quick, Kelly Reynolds, Maria Ruiz, Christine
Sdoia, Marcia Tucker, Renee Van Duzer

Doctor in Residence: Dr. Nikki Wu, MD

Nursing Staff: Harriet Carter, Marian Davis, Marty
Stapleton, Lois Winger

Librarian: Rutgar Kralfesky

Teaching Staff: Rudy Appleton (Current A ffairs/
Geography), Barry Fink (Art/Personal Development),
Matthew Magee (English/History), Martin Hinchcliffe
(Health/Physical Education), Yolanda Riiss (Computer
Studies/Science), Joanne Pinkerton (Computer Stud-
ies/Mathematics)

* The fact that the entire security staff was
replaced by Headmaster Vandermeer upon his taking
the job of headmaster at the school can be discovered
by more of the same hacking through Dodeca's com-
puter records. (As it is handling the school's human
resource management, it is also handling the former
employees' severance.) Most of those staffers whom
Vandermeer let go when the previous headmaster
died were locals, and there is likely still some resent-
ment. Contacting a prior employee should not be
difficult. Some have been taken on by local security

TAFF

firms or have taken other jobs that Dodeca helped
them find. One who is especially willing to talk
should the characters feel like tracking any of them
down is Amanda Halstadt.

Amanda isa large, blonde woman who works out in
a local gym and is more than happy to tell her story over
a banana and lecithin power smoothie. Vandermeer's
reorganization started out as a "rationalization" of staff,
but over about six months, he'd fired and replaced
everybody. The last few, including herself, were accused
of making racist comments and asked to offer their
voluntary resignations in return for receiving full en-
titlements upon separation. The accusations were a
load of tripe, she claims, but she found that the burden
of proof was on her, and none of her dwindling list of
familiar colleagues stood up for her in the vain hope that
they might keep their jobs. She managed to hang in
there until the last of the replacements was hired, but
none of them even tried to get along with her, so she
eventually gave up the fight.

Respent Lirt,

The following information can be gleaned from
literature the school has published, the Internet and
community-interest articles in the newspaper. The
school does not accept pregnant residents or those who
are HIV positive. It is currently functioning at full
capacity of 72 residents; 60 male, 12 female. Their ages
range from 12 to 18 years old. They are here for crimes
ranging from various drug-related charges to robbery
with assault to murder, with sentences ranging between
six months and "until she shall attain legal age." These
are the children for whom community service and
home counseling were not an option.

Prohibited substances include alcohol, tobacco
and all non-prescription drugs (although tobacco is
tolerated in practice if the offender makes a respect-
able effort to smoke, dip or chew tobacco out of sight
of the other students). Prohibited items include por-
nography, military magazines and any kind of weapon
or incendiary. Communication between residents
and the outside world is supervised to make sure that
it remains appropriate. Residents have the right to
make and receive phone calls and receive visits from
approved contacts unless they are in detention for
some reason.

Ifamember of staff or security discovers inappropri-
ate communication, say, between a resident and a
character, they will interrupt and ask that the culprit
kindly leave off, and no further access to the school will
be granted for a while. Attempting to smuggle prohib-
ited substances or items into the school isalso criminally
actionable, although this law has only really been
applied to drugs in the past.

RECONNAISSANCE

Asinterestingasall thisresearch may or may notbe,
though, the characters are going to have to get a closer

33

34

look at the school sooner or later if they actually want
to get inside and find out what's really going on.

The school occupies a single, large block of
privately owned land in the northwest corner of a
run-down industrial park. Its nearest neighbors are
an electrical substation, a national chain self-
storage facility and the concrete noise-breakers
screening the freeway. The nearest evident civil-
ian housing ranges from middle-class suburban
neighborhoods to low-rent apartment buildings.
This area is all but undamaged by the earthquake
and the subsequent riots.

The first glimpse the visiting characters get of
the premises is the red roof of the main block
running above the front wall. The wall, six feet of
old, dark, weather-beaten brick, is an intimidating
sight. When the characters get to the front gate,
they should be able to see the full fagade of the
school through a grid of Victorian ironwork. A
driveway runs up to and through this gate, and a

Fear to TREAD

security booth stands just before that with a single
guard manning the gate controls.

The school itself is actually quite a beautiful build-
ing. Honey-colored brick runs between neoclassical
sandstone carvings around the doors and windows.
Between the wall and the main building is a graveled
yard. The main door can be reached by steps, and on the
sandstone lintel is carved the legend THEMARSHALL
SCHOOL FOR TROUBLED TEENS.

Approached from other angles, the school looks
much more modern, although it is still obviously an
institution. Where it has been indicated on the map,
the brick fencing gives way to eight-foot-high security
mesh running between equally spaced metal supports.
The top two feet of these fences are bent inward tomake
it harder to climb over from the inside, and they are
edged with razor wire to make it hardly worth one's
while to try. Much of the interior is screened by trees
and shrubs that have been planted a good 30 feet inside,
but at certain points, one can catch glimpses of a grass
lawn cut by concrete paths, a sports oval and various
buildings that might be workshops and classrooms. A
large brick chimney tapers up from a far corner. The
chimney is clearly inactive and of the same vintage as
the main block.

For more information on the grounds and building
layout of the Marshall School, refer to "The Grounds
and Layout," which has been appended to the end of
this story.

GETTING IN

Getting an initial look inside the school is actu
ally quite easy. Tours will happily be given to reporters,
a sociology lecturer and her students or even a group
of architects interested in the facility's design. Tours
will be run by the administrator, Edward Harvey.
Characters who claim to be city officials in some
capacity — such as health inspectors or local govern
ment bigwigs — will actually have more problems
(aside from coming up with the requisite documenta-
tion to support that charade if they are not actually
who they claim to be). All inspectors and other
official visitors must schedule their visits well in
advance and are expected to produce ID.

If one of the players' characters comes up with the
idea of applying for Mary Blacksmith's position and
can put together a good backstory, this avenue of
approach will earn her a brief tour, as well as an
interview conducted by Henry Vandermeer himself.
(It must be said that he has no intention of hiring
anyone except his own candidate, but he will conduct
interviews for the sake of keeping up appearances.)

Inspirational speakers and other community-
minded people who want to work with the children


Craprer ONE

generally have to go through a vetting process and be
accredited with an appropriate organization. However,
if the players' characters come up with a really good
idea, have them accepted and scheduled to appear
immediately. Just remember, though, that this is a
tough audience!

Pretending to be a relative or lawyer who's come
tovisit one of the residents requires the character(s) to
have made contact with a resident who is willing to
play along. As the character's name is not on the
approved contact's list, it will also require some good
bluffing or a forged letter. Information about the
residents and their families is strictly confidential and
held by the school and the courts in the utmost
security, but it can be obtained illegally with a Wits +
Computer roll (difficulty 9). Visits are restricted to the
interview rooms.

Ifa character should have the body ofa child, you
probably ought to discourage any attempts to have
her intentionally committed to the school as a
troubled teen. The storytelling reason you do not
want this to happen is that it would split the group,
giving practically all the action to one character who
would thus be in extreme danger. Fortunately, prac-
ticality is on your side as well. Point out that the
period that would need to elapse from the child
character's arrest to juvenile-court trial would be a
couple of weeks at best, and even then, there's no
guarantee the penalty of detention would be im-
posed. As an alternative — because it would be a
shame to have a demon character who looks like a
child and not be able to use that fact in your charac-
ters' favor — tours of the school may be arranged by
families whose children have committed previous
offences, as a way to hopefully scare the child straight.

Easu Reina Gare

All cleaning and grounds maintenance is per-
formed by subcontractors hired by Dodeca. They
bring their own equipment, and they rotate their
duties in taking care of the school grounds amongst
their employees.

Finding out about Easy Being Green is a simple
matter of asking the subcontractors as they arrive or
leave or observing the logo on the trucks that pull up in
the front yard on a daily basis and checking and looking
the company up on the web or in the phone book.
Tracking down talkative employees in bars and even
picking up a day working on the lawns or cleaning
toilets is quite feasible — if somewhat unpleasant.
Employment with Easy Being Green won't include a
tour of the school, but it will provide the characters a
chance to get a good idea of the school's layout and

security arrangements.

SuppLEMENTING THESE Errorrs
These guidelines for finding out about the school
and getting in are the baseline efforts that regular
human beings might employ. Yourcharacters, however,
are likely not exactly regular human beings. Clever
fallen angels can probably think of ways to use their
evocations to shortcut a great deal of this work and skip
around in the story. Should they manage to do so, feel
free to skip around in this chapter yourself and pick out
the information that the characters have discovered.

SCENE Frve

The characters have gathered information and may
have made initial forays into the school. Now, they
have arranged to enter the facility as a group or decided
to just break in.

Should they have arranged for a tour, they are
buzzed in through the front gate by the security guard
and met in the front lobby by Edward Harvey. Harvey
is a doughy, middle-aged man with thinning hair and
thick-rimmed glasses. He seems somewhat reserved and
even withdrawn around strangers, but he seems neither
nervous nor afraid like he would ifher were painfully shy
(or hiding something). He ushers his guests into his
office and tells them a little bit about the school and the
service it provides. If your characters didn't perform
especially in-depth research into the school (or if they
came straight here from the medical center to perform
a straightforward investigation), he can be used to
reveal much of the pertinent information from the
"Research" section of the last scene.

If, on the other hand, the characters have decided
just to sneak right onto the school grounds to see if
they can figure out what's going on, refer to the map of
the grounds on p. 46 and have them describe what
method they use to get in. The least you need to have
them do is climb the outer fence at some point,
requiring a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 7),
and have their players make regular Dexterity/Wits +
Stealth rolls (difficulty 8) for the characters to avoid
the notice of the school's guards. Should the charac-
ters attract undue notice, allow their players some sort
of Manipulation- or Charisma-based roll for their
characters to talk their way out of trouble before the
guards take action. The guards' typical response to
intruders is to subdue them, bring them inside to the
office of Holden Brown (the head of security), call the
LAPD and keep them there until the police get there
in response to the disturbance.

Regardless of their method of ingress, the charac-
ters are going to encounter something unscheduled
once they get inside. If they are being briefed or
shown around by Edward Harvey, his beeper goes off,

35

summoning him to Headmaster Vandermeer's office.
He asks the characters to wait where they are and
goes to answer it. Shortly afterward, the characters
in to hear the sound of a large group of people,
who sound like they're cheering at intervals, coming
from the back of the building. If the characters are
working or creeping around in the main block with-
out supervision, they also hear this noise.

If the characters are on the grounds, it is imme-
diately obvious that something is up. In the lawn area
of the inner perimeter, about 50 teenagers are sitting
or milling around. If this scene occurs at night, they
are bathed in floodlights. The focus of attention is a
young, Hispanic man who is standing on the back
steps, his face alight with passion. (This character is
José Matinalé, although this information isn't readily
available to the players' characters just yet.) "We
don't want trouble," this young man is saying. "We
just want answers. We just want Colonel Vandermeer
tocome out and listen to us! And we're not going into
assembly" — or bed check, if this happening at night

"until he does!"

"Where's Micky Pico!" someone in the mass of
residents yells

"Yeah!" someone else adds. "Mick-y, Mick-y,
Mick-y!" The chant is taken up but not by everybody.
Observant characters can see that at the back of the
crowd, groups of onlookers are just standing around

Fear to TREAD

looking back and forth between each other exp
antly. Besides these folks, men and women who are
dressed identically in uniforms of khaki slacks, blue
blazers and white turtle-neck shirts are starting to
gather as well. These people seem to be members of
the security staff, and they can be seen nervously
speaking into walkie-talkies to coordinate them-
selves in case trouble breaks out. Various members
the teaching staff can be seen peering through the
windows of the classrooms and of the main block.

Ifthe characters are in the main block, they will see
Henry Vandermeer, Edward Harvey and two uniformed
guards striding through the corridors on their way to the
back door. Harvey's expression is one just shy of fawning
adoration, and his body language is one of utmost
servility toward Vandermeer. Vandermeer himself is a
fit-looking man of military bearing with bronzed skin
and thick, spiky white hair. His eyes are pale gray, and
his scrutiny is unnerving. His tone is clipped and gruff,
and his voice carries without his needing to shout. He
is dressed in a neat suit and tie, and his tie tack is the
crest of the Marshall School.

(Something just doesn't seem quite right about
Vandermeer, so should one of the players decide to
roll Perception + Awareness to get a sense of what
that might be, a successful result reveals a taint of
demonic influence. That sense is faint, but it is
clearly there nonetheless.)


Civprer OVE

SWNEAKING 7

The Marshall Schoolis ajuvenile-detention cen-
ter, designed to keep people in and out. It is fully
mapped, but only: the important: locations are de-

ctibed in detail. The rest can be assumed to be typical
institutional facilities.

The school's general security features are as follows:

© Bolted-down furniture and solid doors are
the rule in any area to which the residents have
regular access. Refer to the Systems chapter of
Demon: The Fallen for rules on bashing down a
door or picking a loc

¢ Padlocks and ordinary locks are used in various
places throughout the school, as is appropriate to the
type of door involved. A padlock is difficulty 6 to pick
and requires two "health levels" of damage to break
open. An ordinary door-lock is difficulty 4 with one
"health level."

© Electronic locks are placed between resi-
dents and access to staff/public areas. They can be
opened by a staff swipe card from either side. All
can be. overridden from the control room, but the
majority of the staff has not been told this. Security
personnel carry special swipe cards that will allo:
them to open doors even when the school is in a
state of lockdown. Picking an electronic' lock re-
quires a Dexterity + Security roll (difficulty 6) as
well as access to the right equipment. Simply jury-
rigging the thing to get it open requires a Dexterity
+ Technology roll (difficulty 8) instead.

Ifthe characters accost this group or draw attention
to themselves, Vandermeer pauses, stares at them in-
tently for a moment and asks who they are and what
they're doing here. If their responses sound halfway
plausible enough to satisfy him (which they are likely to
in most cases since he's in more of a hurry to deal with
theproblem outside), he says, "Come along then. Come
and see what life in this place is really like."

Shortly thereafter, Vandermeer appears at the back
door facing the growing crowd of students, causing the
level of noise to drop abruptly. José jumps down from his
oratory vantage and turns to face him at the head of the
residents. "We want to know what's going on with
Micky Pico!"

"Js that what this is about, Mister Matinalé?"
Vandermeer answers. "It's very simple, and I'm disap-
pointed that you even have to ask. Mister Pico flouted
the rules in a very serious way. He picked a fight with
Mister Harris and several of Mister Harris's friends. He
caused a disturbance, and unfortunately, he wound up
getting himself hurt. He's under Doctor Wu's care for

¢ The windows in this place are small rectangles of
shatterproof glass that let little daylight in. They have
two "health levels" and a "Stamina" rating of 2 if the

is trying to knock it entirely out of its frame.

© Motion detectors are placed in sensitive areas
and are generally activated only after Evening As-
sembly. Moving objects bigger than a rat trigger an
alarm in the control room — though not a school-
wide alarm, such asa fire would engender.

© Security cameras are used both overtly and
covertly, Some activate only when triggered by mo-
tion-detectors. The cameras in the school switch
automatically from normal visuals to. low-light as
appropriate and feed back to the control room. Dis-
abling a motion detector or security camera requir
a character to get right underneath it into its blind
spot and then for her player tosucceed on a Dexterity
+ Security roll. One good blow with a blunt object or
a well-placed bullet will also disable the device, but
unless it is properly disengaged from the system, an
alarm will sound in the control room,

¢ The school's fire precautions include the fol-
lowing standard equipment: a sprinkler system in
corridors, toilets and general areas, plus smoke alarms
and fire stairs. Fire extinguishers are kept at all staffed
positions and in the assembly hall and dining hall.
The doors to the fire stairs are steel with electronic
locks (which open automatically when the fire alarms
go off) and five "health levels."

the time being, and he'll be held in detention once he's
recovered, for breaking the rules."

Someone else hollers from out of the crowd that
this Micky Pico didn't start any fight. Someone else
adds that Maxwell Harris (another of the students in
the crowd) and his goons had been picking on Micky
for months and egging him on. Harris himself re-
sponds to that, protesting his innocence
disingenuously from the middle of a knot of fellow
student thugs, which elicits a rumble of discontent
from the crowd. Vandermeer thunders over the grow-

ing noise that it doesn't matter who was being picked
on by whom. It was Micky who threw the first punch,
so, by the new school disciplinary policy, it is Micky
who will be punished. José points out (trying to
remain calm) that Micky was actually pretty badly
hurt by Harris and his thugs — which the crowd
backs up with mounting passion — but Vandermeer
doesn't appear to be moved by this. Harris calls out
that Micky's getting hurt is Micky's own fault, and
that tears it.


38

Angry shouting starts. From somewhere within
the middle of the crowd, a rock is thrown in Harris's
direction, hitting one of Harris's nearby pals in the
mouth. This is the guards' cue to start pushing in from
the sides, which they do roughly, hoping to quell this
uproar before it becomes something more like a riot.
They are using no weapons of any kind; they are simply
using their superior size and strength to push apart
those in easy reach. Their push is met by shove, and all
through the crowd, small fights are breaking out be-
tween Harris's friends and the rest of the students.
More rocks are thrown, and some even crash against
the side of the main block near Vandermeer. José turns
away from Vandermeer, ducking a rock, and starts
yelling for people to stop it.

As the violence spreads, it seems that the boys
around Harris are in the thick of it. José makes eye
contact with one of them (actually Harris himself)
as another rock narrowly misses him and starts to
ade forward muttering some choice Spanish pro-
fanities. Before he can get close, though, a young
woman (one named Alicia Rhowes, for future refer-
ence) appears at his shoulder and hangs onto his
arm grimly. She looks directly at the players' char-
acters, then speaks into José's ear. He nods in evident
frustration but remains where he is, once again
calling for people to stop.

If the characters try to intervene physically in the
riot, they are preempted by any remaining security
guards who have not already entered the fray. If the
characters came out with the headmaster's group, Harvey
tries to hustle them back inside. If they try to distract the
rioters somehow in order to help out, have the player of
each character so inclined roll Charisma or Manipula-
tion + Expression, Leadership orsome other appropriate
Ability (difficulty 8). They need a total of six successes
to defuse the situation entirely on their own. The
characters could also attempt to physically assist the
security guards, which requires a Strength + Brawl roll
(difficulty 5) to separate and subdue children who are
fighting each other. These rolls should inflict no dam-
age if they succeed, but the characters themselves
should have to soak one or two levels of bashing damage
if they botch.

Regardless, Vandermeer watches stonily as his
guards cut the crowd into discrete groups, pretty
much by their presence alone. Most of the actual
fighting is taking place between residents who don't
seem to be strong enough to really hurt one another.
There are some bloody noses and swollen lips among
the residents but nothing more serious. After just a
few minutes, things begin to calm one way or an-
other. Once all the fighting has stopped, Vandermeer
calls out for order and gets it.

Fear to TREAD,

He lectures the crowd and calls out for José to
accompany him back to his office since José is osten-
sibly responsible for this mess. He also calls out the
child who threw the first rock and another who threw
a rock that hit the wall close to where Vandermeer
was standing. This elicits some grumbling from the
crowd, but one stern look from Vandermeer silences
it. Maxwell Harris looks decidedly pleased with him-
self. Vandermeer directs the rest to get back to
assembly (or bed check) and not to cause anymore
trouble, lest they all find themselves "confined to
quarters" for the rest of the week.

The security guards say nothing, and when the
Colonel heads back inside, most of them either follow
or return to their assigned posts. Edward Harvey seems
to notice the characters as if for the first time (provided
they were speaking to him earlier), and he asks them to
come with him back to the visitors lounge. He com-
mentson how well Vandermeer is doing, whata difficult
job this is and so forth.

The remaining security guards begin to herd the
children back inside as well, but Alicia Rhowes breaks
away from the crowd briefly and looks pointedly toward
the players' characters just as she did when she held José
back earlier. She discreetly drops a piece of paper when
only the characters are watching, then hurries off to join
her fellow students. Characters who have sneaked into
the school have an opportunity to retrieve this once the
grounds are cleared; characters who are there on "offi-
cial" business or simply investigating without false
pretenses can scoop it up before being hustled back
inside by Mr. Harvey.

Meanwhile, Vandermeer has taken his selection of
culprits back to his office, and the subsequent discussion
is loud enough to be overheard in the visitor's lounge.
José is told that his sentence may be reviewed, as it
seems he may be in need of further psychiatric help
before he can be released. He will be placed on deten-
tion for the next 24 hours and will not be permitted to
work in the machine shop or to participate in sports
until a psychologist has given him the all clear. The
other boys will have separate detention and are banned
from shop and sports for two weeks, and their behavior
will be closely monitored. José asks one more time about
Micky Pico, and Vandermeer shouts that he doesn't
want to hear one more word about Micky Pico. With
that, the discussion is over.

If the characters ask to see Vandermeer in the
aftermath of the riot, he will do so if it is appropriate.
If they managed to help in calming the crowd, he will
thank them. If they talk to him about his choice of
culprits or question him about Micky Pico, he will
explain that Mister Pico is a frequent troublemaker
who bit off more than he could chew when he picked


Craprer OVE

a fight with Mister Harris and Mister Harris's friends.
Ifthey ask him about Mary Blacksmith, he laments her
untimely passing and mentions her upcoming funeral
service. He talks about her with an air of evident
disappointment, though, alluding to an ongoing prob-
lem she was having with alcohol. (The characters'
earlier investigation of Mary's apartment does not
support this statement, though.) He mentions offhand
that Mary was working with Mister Pico, Mister Harris
and Mister Matinalé recently, trying to work out the
boys' issues, and he is especially disappointed by her
failure in that regard.

If the characters press the issue about Mary or
the circumstances that provoked the almost-riot
outside, Vandermeer starts to stonewall them and
tells them that he is too busy for this right now. He
asks them to leave, possibly paging security to come
and deal with them if they grow too rambunctious.
(Oddly enough, attempts to use any evocations on
Vandermeer to make him give up any more informa-
tion fail automatically.)

When the characters are leaving the Marshall
School — whether they are sneaking away at the
close of a clandestine infiltration or they are driving
out at the end of an official visit — they notice a
brown sedan stopped at the front gate. The person in
the passenger seat is just rolling up his window as the
scene comes into the characters' view, and as they
approach, the guards at the gate are denying the car
access to the school. The car backs up in the drive
and pulls away.

Tur Nore

After the riot but before the students were led
back inside the school, one of the students (Alicia
Rhowes) noticed the characters and dropped a piece
of paper for them to find. They might not have a
chance to read it right away, but when they finally do
take the time to do so, it has the following to say in
a hurried hand:

My name is Alicia Rhowes. I'm writing this in the
morning because God told me to be ready. I don't know
who you are, but after Ms. Blacksmith died, God told me
He would be sending people to help me like Mary tried to
I think you're them if I saw you today. I hope you are.

Something horrible is happening at this school, and
Colonel Vandermeer is part of it. Security too. Mary knew,
nowshe's dead. I have day leave tomorrow at the community
college. Ill be by the fountain at noon. Please come help me.
Please be the ones God said.

Scene Six

The first part of this scene takes place only if the
characters try to contact Alicia the following day

while she is on day leave. The second part can
happen regardless of whether there is any note in-
volved or not.

‘Tre MEETING

The grounds of the community college at which
Alicia Rhowes is taking her day-leave classes are a
refreshing change from those of the Marshall School.
The open air, the welcoming architecture of the build-
ingsand the generally relaxed atmosphere of the students.
stands in stark contrast to the oppressive atmosphere of
the Marshall School, driving home the fact that the
Marshall School is less an institute of learning and more
a juvenile-detention facility

After asking the way from a passing professor or
student, the characters approach the school's cramped
central plaza and find the young woman they remember
from yesterday's visit to the school sitting on a bench
with her back toa small concrete fountain. She is eating
lunch from a paper bag and looking around nervously
every few moments. When she notices the characters,
she waves them over hesitantly and finishes her lunch
quickly so she can talk to them.

Alicia is a skinny, nervous 16-year-old with red
hair and a sprinkling of freckles. As she begins to talk,
her voice holds a touch of the trailer park where she
probably grew up. She effusively thanks the characters
for coming and apologizes for sounding like a crazy
person in her note, which they obviously received.
She says that God inspired her to write that note that
very morning previously, right after she heard the
announcement about Ms. Blacksmith. She'll explain
that she's always had God in her heart and that, on the
rare occasions when he tells her to do something, she
does it without reserve. And in this case, as in all the
others, God's instructions have been right on the
money. (An Awareness roll reveals nothing of espe-
cial note about Alicia, though, no matter how fervently
she might seem to believe what she's saying.) She asks
who the characters are, if they were friends of Mary's,
if they work for a church and all sorts of other ques-
tions, but she doesn't press the issue if the characters
seem evasive or just plain unwilling to talk about
themselves. She simply takes it on faith that they are
here to listen to her and help her.

Alicia's main concern is for José. She suspects that
there is more going on behind the Micky Pico situa-
tion than anyone is letting on. If the characters did not
have a chance to speak with Headmaster Henry
Vandermeer before, it is Alicia who tells them about
the connection between Mary Blacksmith and Micky.
Micky, it seems, had been a long-suffering victim of an
older kid named Maxwell Harris who (along with his
gang of thugs) had made Micky's life a living hell.

39

40

They teased him, shoved him around when no one was
watching, turned what few friends he had against him
by spreading lies and even went so far as to lie to staff
and security personnel in ways that got Micky in
trouble. (And when Micky actually did do things to get
himself into trouble, Harris and his pals were always
the ones to blow the whistle.)

Alicia could never figure out why Harris and his
gang picked on Micky other than out of sheer meanness
because Micky never did anything to them to bringiton
himself. Not many of the other kids liked Harris, but
most of them believed what he made up about Micky.
Alicia never believed Harris's lies, and apparently, Ms.
Blacksmith didn't either (which she'd confirmed in one
of Alicia's sessions with her). Apparently, Ms. Black-
smith could see how angry and frustrating Micky was
growing with the treatment he was having to endure
because it was starting to interfere with his work and his
ability to socialize with his peers.

Alicia could tell this as well, so she'd asked her
friend José Matinalé to try to look out for Micky. José —
who would do anything for Alicia and didn't especially
like Maxwell Harris to begin with — agreed, but even
his help wasn't enough. José found himself getting in
trouble more often whenever he stuck up for Micky, and
Harris' gang redoubled its efforts against Micky when
José wasn't around.

The situation apparently spiraled out of control
about a week ago when Micky started sneaking out of
his room after bed check (just to find some place to be
alone and think) and Harris's gang found out about it.
They held it over his head that they could get him into
serious trouble if they turned him in, and they used
that to tease him. Finally, when he couldn't take it
anymore, he snapped and just started throwing punches.
Harris and his boys — his "trusties" as most of the kids
call them — easily put Micky down and beat him
pretty badly before the security guards could separate
them. Micky had disappeared down into the infirmary,
while Harris and his trusties had gotten off with only
a slight reprimand.

A couple of days later, when Alicia was sched-
uled to talk to Ms. Blacksmith, the counselor had
seemed really upset and evasive. Alicia hadn't wanted
to intrude, but Ms. Blacksmith had started talking all
of a sudden about Micky. She said that she'd been
worried that something like this would happen to
him, but when she'd tried to talk to Vandermeer
about keeping Harris and his trusties away from
Micky, the headmaster had just laughed in her face.
She also said that she hadn't been allowed to visit
Micky in the infirmary, even though he obviously
wasn't so badly hurt that he needed to be ina hospital
or anything. Worried that something sinister was

Fear to Tre:

going on, Ms. Blacksmith had sneaked down to the
infirmary after hours, determined to check in on
Micky regardless of what Vandermeer had to say.

According to Alicia, Ms. Blacksmith hadn't been
able to describe what exactly she'd found when she'd
done this, but it had nearly unhinged her. She hadn't
been able to go on with her counseling session that day.
She'd seemed to scared to be helpful. Later that after-
noon, she told Alicia that she'd gotten enough of a hold
on herself to be coherent and that she knew what she
had to do: She was going to expose what she'd discov-
ered, even though she didn't understand it entirely
herself. This revelation had terrified Alicia, but she'd
promised Ms. Blacksmith that she'd be brave until Ms
Blacksmith made everything all right. Finally, Ms.
Blacksmith had told Alicia that she'd made some notes
on what she'd found and hidden them in her office and
that, if anything happened to her, it was Alicia's job to
see that those notes made it to somebody who could do
something with them. Alicia had promised, she con-
fides, but once she'd heard about what had happened to
Mary just the other day, she'd been to scared to act. It
wasn't until God told her what to do that she'd finally
found the courage to make contact with the characters.
Now here they all were, and they could finally make
everything all right. Couldn't they?

After taking in such an earful (or hopefully
ing it out of Alicia piece by piece through roleplaying),
they have a decision to make. They could either
reassure the girl that they very well intend to do
something about this right away (whether that's true
ornot), or they could tell her that they need to gather
more information or possibly even to call in some of
their backup. In the former case, Alicia thanks them
profusely then hurries back to class. In the latter, she
starts to look a little desperate. She tells them that
she suspects that Maxwell Harris and his trusties are
directly involved in whatever Ms. Blacksmith dis-
covered — that they provoked him into a fight he
couldn't win so they could get him out of the way for
some reason. She also tells them that she's worried
about José, who isn't scared to go snooping like Mary
probably did and get himself into the same sort of
trouble. If even that doesn't seem to help, she starts
throwing out everything she can think of. Some of
the things she adds include:

¢ Maxwell Harris's mistreatment of the other stu-
dents has not gone unnoticed by the security staff or
Headmaster Vandermeer, but no one seems willing to
discipline him. Vandermeer has even been seen joking
with Harris (who idolizes him) and walking him around
privately with a hand on his shoulder.

© The security staff only tolerates Harris because
Vandermeer tells them to.

axe


CHarrer OVE

* Members of the new security staff call Headmas.
ter Vandermeer "Colonel" like they really mean it.
They even salute him. Maxwell has been heard to say
that they are all real soldiers who fought in the Gulf War
and Afghanistan. They enjoy intimidating the kids, and
they always seem to be sizing them up in some vaguely
disturbing way.

* In the last couple of weeks, residents have had
personal possessions confiscated "for safekeeping" and
been subjected to spot searches for weapons.

* A girl complained directly to Headmaster
Vandermeer that the trusties had threatened her. Noth-
ing happened to them, but she was later told she
couldn't telephone her sister anymore because of her
Ase of inappropriate language."

If even these pronouncements (or the despera-
tion with which she reveals them) don't move the
characters to at least say that they'll take immediate
action, Alicia grudgingly accepts that the characters
may need more information before they actually act.
She checks the time and states that she's going to be
late if she doesn't get back to class soon. She resists
any suggestion that she or her friends snoop around
the school for anything incriminating and try to get
in touch with the characters. The fact that she still
has day-leave privileges means that no one suspects
that she knows anything dangerous about Mary
Blacksmith's death, and she wants to keep it that
way. If the characters offer to help her escape from
the school at this point, Alicia actually looks horri-
fied. She doesn't want to think about what might
happen to her friends (especially José or Micky) ifshe
were to just up and vanish — not to mention what
the local authorities would do to her when they
caught her. No, she'll make whatever safe efforts the
characters might ask to get in touch with them if
anything else important or scary happens, but she
can't risk sticking her neck out any more than she
already has. With that, she heads off in the direction
of her next class with a dejected look.

A Summons

Before the characters can leave the community
college — or simply the day following their visit to the
Marshall School if they chose not to deal with Alicia's
note — one orall of them receive an invocation. If they
are members of the Infernal Court, this message comes
from Lord Vohu Mano, the senior minister of the
Ministry of Dust. If they are members of the Blood
Court, it comes from Lord Vritran, that court's Minister
of Dust. If they are agents of Al-Lat, the message comes
from Fell Knight Guanli.

The speaker identifies himself and says that he
knows that the characters are investigating the death of

Mary Blacksmith. He now wants an update on their
progress, he tells them, no matter how little or how
much it might be. The characters are to come to him at
the Huntington Library right away. They are to ask for
awoman named Violet Takahashi, who will show them
totheir designated meeting place. So saying, the speaker
bids them hurry and breaks off contact.

If the characters try to contact Bizjotha or Lo-
ruhamah for a quick status report, she informs them
that she has told Ashur everything she's found out
thus far and that he's on his way to meet with
(whoever it was who invoked the characters) at the
Huntington Library right now. If the characters try to
contact Ashur, Fell Knight Guanli or Fell Knight
Ravana (whoever's appropriate, based on their court
affiliation), the recipient of said contact informs the
character that he (or she) is already on his (or her)
way to a meeting to discuss that very thing at the
Huntington Library.

SCENE SEVEN

When the characters arrive at the Huntington
Library, they are met promptly by a woman who
introduces herself as Violet Takahashi. If they appear
to recognize the name, she then confides that her
name is actually Amererat of the Sixth House and that
she has been expecting them. She leads them across
the lobby and through the stacks to one of the library's
gardens around the back, which appears to be closed.
Looking around furtively, she ushers the characters
inside and tells them that the people they're looking
for are waiting for them inside. No mortals will be
disturbing them within the garden, she explains before
slipping quietly away.

Within the garden, three fallen are waiting for the
characters, regardless of which court they serve. These
fallen are Ashur (whom they've already met), Fell
Knight Guanli and Fell Knight Ravana. Fell Knight
Guanli is Portuguese by ancestry, with a short and
somewhat stocky build. He is wearing the uniform of an
officer of the LAPD. His name tag reads "Azevedo." Fell
Knight Ravana is strikingly attractive, with a well-
rounded figure and bright, green eyes. Clothing covers
every inch of herskin right up to the top of her neck, and
she is self-consciously tugging down the cuff of one
sleeve when the characters arrive.

If the characters are agents of Al-Lat, these three
are the only people waiting for them. If the characters
are members of the Infernal or Blood Court, though,
one of two additional people is waiting. For members
of the Infernal Court, that person is Vohu Mano.
Vohu Mano is a beautiful young man with an ethereal
air about him. His hair isso light it is almost white, and


42

his skin is pale and fair. He is looking at Ravana
skeptically, but he seems perfectly at ease around both
Guanli and Ashur.

If the characters are members of the Blood Court,
the fourth person here is Lord Vritran. He isa handsome
young Korean man in his 20s, who appears to be lean
and fit. His eyes are wide as if with some secret excite-
ment, and he's standing near Ravana, paying no mind
to the others waiting with him.

Once the characters have arrived, introductions
go around between those who don't know each other.
It also comes up that Guanli and Ravana are good
friends, one of whom has shown up at the other's
request (based on whichever affiliation has exposed
the characters to them). Once that's settled, Ashur
starts things off by cutting right to the chase. "The
doctors we left back at the morgue with Mary
Blacksmith's body yesterday spoke to me a little while
ago with some bad news. Apparently, it was the other
one. If you know what I mean."

Warning everyone to keep from speaking its
name, he explains that both doctors are almost 100
percent certain that the Earthbound demon known
as Enshagkushanna was the one responsible for kill-
ing Mary Blacksmith. The attendant Minister of
Dust reacts to this news with shock, while Guanliand
Ravana stand looking grim. Ashur recaps what he
knows thus far (which is very little), then encourages
the characters to tell everyone anything they might
have found out since they last spoke. This is the
character's opportunity to let on that something
Mary Blacksmith found out at the Marshall School
had her (and Alicia, if the characters met her) very
worried for her safety and that some seriously shady
things seem to be going on in that school, although
the administration is unwilling to talk about it.
Vandermeer's strange taint should come up, as should
any speculation the characters might have about
Micky Pico and Maxwell Harris.

Should all these details not come out, have Ashur
explain that his investigation into Mary Blacksmith's
background turned up nothing out of the ordinary.
Guanli can confirm that a contact of his in the LAPD
wasn't able to come up with anything either. By simple
process of elimination (if nothing else), the Storyteller
characters are convinced that the Marshall School is
some sort of center of Earthbound depredation that
must needs be checked out immediately. The informa-
tion that the characters have uncovered is all the
confirmation they need.

If he's there, Vohu Mano sternly but softly de-
clares that something must be done immediately.
Humanity is his ministry's purview and his personal
protectorate (as a Reconciler, that is), so he doesn't

Fear to TREAD

want some Earthbound horror getting its hooks into
a school full of (mostly) innocent children. directly
involving himself isn't his place, though, he admits.
Rooting out an Earthbound threat should probably
be the purview of the Ministry of Aurochs, but that
ministry's head, Lord Aglibol, hasn't responded to
any attempts to make contact. However, since hu-
manity is directly involved, that places the situation
under his (Vohu Mano's) ministry's jurisdiction, and
he's firmly in favor of appointing Fell Knight Guanli
(as head of the Lion Ministry) to the task of taking
care of this.

IfLord Vritran is there, he thanks everyone for their
information but claims that dealing with the Earth-
bound is a little bit too rich for his ministry's blood.
Besides, it's supposed to be up to the Ministry of Lions
to actually deal with threats to the ministries of a court,
tight? With a pointed look in Ravana's direction, he
excuses himself, claiming that he's going to inform his
fellow ministers of what's going on.

Yet, regardless of which minister is there (if ei-
ther), Ravana is adamant. She demands that she,
Guanli and the characters all go back to the Marshall
School that very night, root out the Earthbound pres-
ence there and consign it back to the Abyss where it
belongs. She says she won't abide children being
abused or the Earthbound dabbling in mortal affairs.
Guanli agrees with her (though not hardly so fer-
vently), and Ashur agrees as well.

That said, Ravana will not give up on the conver
sation until Guanli and the players' characters have
agreed to return to the Marshall School for Troubled
Teens that very night. Before she even asks him, Ashur
starts to apologize and explain that he can't help them
that night himself. Although he is a Reconciler and
therefore caresa great deal about demonic abuse against
humans, he promised his own mortal family that he
would be home tonight. Before Ashur can finish ex
plaining, Ravana curtly lets him know that he wasn't
invited anyway. She thanks him for his help but tells
him that they could do better without him on what is
more or less a military mission.

And with that — barring any further roleplaying
the players might want to do before the action re-
sumes — Ravana tells everyone to be ready to go at
10:00 that night.

Scene Bice

The thrust of this scene is for the characters (and
their two ringers) to get back onto the grounds of the
Marshall School and look around for signs of de-
monic — specifically Earthbound — influence. The
characters might have already sneaked onto the


Caaprer OVE

grounds once ina previous scene, so refer back to the
tules for doing so if they intend to do the same thing
again. By the same token, they could try to bluff their
way in, but doing so will be especially difficult now
that it is after regular hours and the place has been all
but shut down for the students. Luckily, most of the
regular staff will be gone, but the headmaster and all
of the security staff will likely be on the premises
nonetheless. Chances are good that a confrontation
is in the offing, which doesn't seem to daunt or
dismay Ravana or Guanli one bit.

As the characters look around for clues, refer to the
"The Grounds and Layout" section of this chapter for
ideas on what they find in what sections of the place.
Refer back to the "Sneaking Around" sidebar previ-
ously in this chapter for an overview of what security
measures the characters will have to deal with as they
move about. Tripping a security measure (by botching
a Stealth roll, for instance, or simply charging in with
figurative guns blazing) alerts Holden Brown in the
control room. Should this happen, Brown dispatches
from one to eight of his guards to the area of the
disturbance (depending on what the characters appear
to be doing).

Said security guards will first attempt to lead the
characters quietly off the premises with warnings that
they intend to call the LAPD. Should this not deter
the characters — it certainly won't deter Guanli or
Ravana — the guards will attempt to subdue the
characters with collapsible batons they're carrying in
holsters on their belts. Should the characters fight
back with lethal force (or should they take on their
apocalyptic forms for effect), the panicked guards will
draw .45 caliber pistols from shoulder-holsters con-
cealed beneath their jackets and open fire. (The fact
that the guards are even carrying concealed weapons
like this might confirm in the players/characters minds
that more is going on here than meets the eye. That,
anyway, is the weapons' symbolic purpose.) Regard-
less, if the characters put up any kind of a fight
(especially one that starts taking guards down), one of
the guards will attempt to get away and radio Holden
Brown to call the police. That is, of course, provided
that the characters' plan of action didn't already entail
disabling the school's phones. (Ravana and Guanli
will not suggest this course of action. To them, this
raid is overpoweringly reminiscent of raids they per-
formed against bastions of the Holy Host at the dawn
of time. For the sake of convenience, though, you
should have the two of them hurry forward to the
control room to deal with Holden Brown and prevent
the LAPD from ever being called.)

One way or another, though, the security staff will
have to be dealt with. The characters can avoid them,

fight them (albeit quickly if they don't want the
showing up with aSWAT team), somehow bluff them,
supernaturally command them using an evocation or
rely on the effects of revelation to cow them into
submission. None of them have been granted any
special powers by any infernal master, so, aside from
their weapons, they should not be especially tough
foes to overcome.

With the guards dealt with (however that works
out for your players), they should be free to investigate
the place more or less at their leisure and find out the
information listed in the room-by-room descriptions in
"The Grounds and Layout." What they won't find,
though, is Headmaster Vandermeer or Micky Pico. Not
in the main block, anyway. Nor do they feel any telltale
residue of infernal powers at work anywhere on the
main block. Certain rooms have a stronger diabolic
resonance than others (including Vandermeer's private
quarters and Vandermeer's office), but nothing is fresh
or immediate.

Outside, however, a sense of great and terrible
power is growing. The characters can trace this sen-
sation (with appropriate Perception + Awareness
rolls) to the brickworks on the corner of the property.
Something unwholesome and grave is happening in
there, and if none of your characters sense it, have
Ravana or Guanli do so once they have all regrouped.
They can get in through the overhead ventilation
ducts or by bypassing the steel door with its elec-
tronic lock.

Once inside, the sensation of fell power gets
even stronger. The aboveground portion of the
brickworks is a four-lobed structure of solid brick.
Each lobe is monitored from inside by a motion
detector and concealed security camera that covers
all the room except the ceiling and the area directly
beneath. Unless the characters switch on the over-
head lights, the only illumination comes from the
incubators in the western lobe. The entrance lobe
contains a sink and cupboards of feed and other
equipment. The others contain shelves of mesh-
faced boxes holding rats, a couple of ferrets, some
hamsters and one or two canaries. Behind the incu-
bators, there is an unlocked metal trapdoor in the
floor. A ladder leads down into darkness, and a
noise that sounds like chanting starts drifting up-
ward. The feeling of rising power is getting stronger
here, and the animals are starting to panic, covering
whatever sounds the characters might be making.

This massive underground chamber hidden be-
neath the brickworks is constructed in three tiers. The
characters come down on the uppermost, which is
about 10 feet wide running along this wall. There are no
cameras in this chamber.

43

14

A packed earth ramp leads down the right hand
wall into a large pit, the floor and walls of which are
lined with woven mats. In the far-left corner, a deeper
pit can be seen.

This latter pit is lined with stone coated with
what appears to be dried human blood. A shrouded
body lies to the side of this pit, and a complicated
geometrical diagram has been drawn in the center
(also out of human blood, though fresher). Henry
Vandermeer and Edward Harvey are standing side-
by-side between this pit and the shrouded body with
their backs to the characters. They are both dressed
in what appear to be white ceremonial robes that are
edged in gilt fabric. Before them, a column of dirty,
sickly green light is shooting up from floor to ceiling,
emanating from the symbol on the floor. It pulses and
throbs sickeningly, and a figure seems to be floating
in it. That figure looks like a fallen angel in its
apocalyptic form, but one with none of the power or
glory such a being should exude. It's clutching its legs
to its chest, and its crimson wings are tattered and
wrapped feebly around its body. It seems to be both
suspended and trapped within the column of light
before it. It's looking down at itself in what appears
to be an attitude of pity.

Before the characters can say anything (or possi-
bly as the characters are still descending to this
level), Vandermeer begins to address the floating
figure before him in an ancient language. (Edward
Harvey repeats these words in sycophantic syncopa-
tion.) The words come too fast, and they're too alien
to translate, but they end with the clearly recogniz-
able syllables "Enshagkushanna." The figure shakes
its head without looking up. Vandermeer repeats his
entreaty more forcefully, with Harvey backing him
up, and the floating figure hesitates before shaking its
head again. After a second paired repetition, how-
ever, it appears to sigh resignedly before finally
nodding and looking up. At the same time, bolts of
gold begin to shoot through the greenish energy
surrounding the suspended demon, and Vandermeer
and Harvey turn to the shroud-wrapped body on the
ground behind them.

If the characters have not made their presence
known by this point, then the suspended demon,
Vandermeer and Harvey all see the characters at the
same time. Harvey freezes, but Vandermeer takes a step
forward and demands to know what these intruders are
doing here. The demon behind them begins to writhe as
bolts of gold begin to alternately skewer him and twine
around him. Guanli and Ravana act first at this point if
the characters haven't acted already. Ravana looks
down at the shroud-wrapped body (which can only be
Micky Pico) then up at Vandermeer and the demon

Fear to TREAD,

behind him. She bellows that she will not let them hurt
this innocent child. Guanli pipes up right after that
calling Vandermeer and Harvey fools who've sold their
souls to the wrong masters.

Vandermeer cries, "Lord Enshagkushanna, give
me your strength to drive these pitiful wretches from
your sight!" He then attacks the nearest person to
him. Harvey, on the other hand, starts chanting
again and hurriedly starts unwrapping the shroud
from Micky Pico. Guanli and Ravana team up to take
Vandermeer on, and one of them calls out to the
characters to either help them or get the child away
from Harvey. Harvey will fight anyone who tries to
stop him from what he's doing. Meanwhile, the
demon in the shaft of light is being slowly enshrouded
by bolts of gold.

What's happening here is that Micky Pico —
whose soul has been systematically broken by re-
peated abuse by Maxwell Harris and his gang of
"trusties" with Vandermeer's tacit approval— is be-
ing offered up as a mortal host for the demon before
him. The demon has been summoned up into this
special kind of summoning circle and bound there so
that Vandermeer could perform a ritual taught to
him by other servants of the Earthbound
Enshagkushanna. The ritual facilitates the anchor-
ing process between demon and host, but it sets the
condition that the demon whose progress is so facili-
tated must swear fealty to Enshagkushanna before
the transfer can be made. This demon has agreed
(better to serve on Earth than rot in the Abyss any
longer), and now, all that's left is the last step. The
last step involves the shrouded body of Micky Pico
being unwrapped while the demon in the shaft of
light is enwrapped by the bolts of gold all around him.
Once both conditions are met (which should take a
total of six rounds once Harvey gets started unless
he's interrupted), the summoning circle will permit
the demon to leap into Micky's body.

The characters can avert this outcome — thus
preventing another servant of Enshagkushanna from
coming to Earth — in one of several ways. One, they
can kill or subdue Edward Harvey so that he can't
unwrap Micky Pico's body. (If Vandermeer hasn't
been put down by this point, though, he will pick up
where Harvey left off.) Two, they can disrupt the
integrity of the summoning circle prematurely, thus
taking away the demon's protection from the spiritual
gravity of Hell. (Deciding on this course of action
might require a Wits + Occult roll [difficulty 7],
though.) Three, they can attack the demon with
evocations (or just physically) before he gets free. (He
won't be able to dodge or attack back just yet, but he
still gets the chance to soak.) Finally, they can let the


Ciaprer OVE

transfer take place and just kill the demon in those first
few moments of confusion when he's coming to in
Micky Pico's body. (They won't have much choice at
this point because as soon as he comes to his senses,
he's going to take on his apocalyptic form and try to
kill all of them on Enshagkushanna's behalf. Use the
Traits from one of the write-ups in the Antagonists
chapter of Demon: The Fallen for this demon if he
should make it into Micky Pico's body.)

How this all plays out is largely up to your
troupe. Ravana will attempt to kill Vandermeer,
then Harvey, then disrupt the summoning circle
holding the imprisoned demon to this plane before
it can take over Micky Pico. Guanli will help her,
provided the characters do nothing to help her as
well. Should the characters successfully defend
Micky long enough or disrupt the summoning circle
in time, the demon in the shaft of light is pulled
apart before their eyes by the golden bolts all around
him, and he disappears (along with the light) down
into the Abyss

OFrrermatH

In the aftermath of this grisly scene, either Guanli
orRavana can reveal to the characters what was going
onand why they felt they had to act so fast once they
got into this chamber if the characters couldn't tell.
They then excuse themselves, claiming that they need
to make reports to their respective courts. If the
characters are members of one of their courts, they ask
them to return as well and corroborate their tales.
Such a scene (or scenes) make up the beginning of the
next story Into the Fire, so if you want to jump right
ahead into it, feel free.

Within hours, the Marshall School is crawling with
officers of the LAPD and the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Department. The school is temporarily shut
down within the week, and the more dangerous kids are
farmed out to various other juvenile-detention centers
around the Tri-County Area. (As for what happens to
the majority of them, see Into the Fire.)

If the players are interested in roleplaying out the
aftermath of this insidious nightmare, they have some
decisions to make. First, how much of the truth do they
let out? Second, will they make any effort to see to the
welfare of the other students of the Marshall School?
Third, will they make any effort to find out how many
children might already have been victimized like Micky
Pico would have been by Headmaster Vandermeer
during Vandermeer's stint at the head of the school?
Fourth, will they publicize their own involvement (as
least from the mortal perspective) in hopes of some-
how gaining thralls out of the exposure? Fifth, how (if

at all) will chey use their involvement in this tale to
boost their status with their respective court? Finally,
what will the characters do now that they've called the
attention and possibly the wrath of Enshagkushanna
down upon themselves?

APPENDIX:
THE GRounps

anp Layout

At various points throughout the story, the
characters will be on the grounds of the Marshall
School for Troubled Teens. Therefore, you as the
Storyteller need a reference for the things the char-
acters will discover and the obstacles that they will
face along the way.

‘THE GROUNDS

¢ The Outer Perimeter iscompletely fenced. Those
sections that are brick wall are in full view of the main
block and the security cameras that cover the front yard
and the so-called cages. The mesh itself is strong, taking
at least two levels of damage to create rent large enough
foranadult to get through. The material hasan effective
soak of two dice.

For 30 feet past the fence, there isa completely clear
stretch of mown grass. With the exception of the area
around the brickworks, this stretch continues for the
entire perimeter. The back comers are covered by
motion detectors that activate security cameras. An
alarm also sounds in the guard post. These motion
detectors are always on except when grounds mainte-
nance is being performed.

* The Inner Perimeter is much subtler than the
outer one. The outer buildings and walkways are
arranged ina rough rectangle. This area is on ground
about three feet higher than the 30 foot grassy
stretch. None of the buildings have windows on this
side (see Walkways). The tops of the buildings and
the walkways are flat but protected with three strands
of razor wire set far enough back to be out of view
from the ground. Where there are no buildings, a
four-foot high chain link fence runs, generally dis-
guised by shrubbery.

* The Cages, as they are known, block the side
passages from the front to the back of the grounds
with metal plates and bars. Each contains three gates.
One allows access from the front into the cage.
Another allows access from the cage to the clearway.
Another allows access from the cage to the inner
perimeter. The gates allowing access to the front are
electronically locked. The others are padlocked, and


Gate
Service Door

Main
Door

Main Block

JeJ@UIIEg JOUU]

poe

Inner Perimeter

JayOUIag 183NO

Outer Perimeter

Fear to TReap

MAP 1:

Marshall School
Grounds

(I Covered Walkway
© Shrubbery

Wall

Fence

Door

°

Classroom

10" 30" 50"

Ciivrrer ONE

the area is covered by security cameras. The removal
of one steel bar would create a gap sufficient for most
people to get through.

* Walkways are covered concrete paths leading
from building to building. The outer side is always
constructed of steel bars, painted sky blue or grass green
to try and diminish the fact that they behave like the
steel bars in the cages.

*¢ The Brickworks are marked by the chimney that
tises from the nexus of four large kilns. One has been
fitted with a metal door with an electronic lock and the
others have been bricked up to house the animal care
program. Large ventilation ducts pierce the roof.

¢ The Guard Post has a metal door with an
electronic lock. It is always manned by two guards
who have an intercom to Security, a fridge, a televi-
sion and, in a padlocked metal chest, two shotguns
plus ammunition.

Each of the following buildings has an internal
camera/alarm triggered by motion detectors. These
motion detectors are only set when classes are fin-
ished for the day.

© The Machine Shop has a metal door with
an electronic lock. Inside are long work benches.
All dangerous equipment is kept in padlocked
metal lockers.

¢ The Gym's equipment store is securely padlocked.

Tre MAIN BLock
LEVELONE

*¢ The Foyer isan impressive place with a corbeled
ceiling and two sets of broad, mahogany stairs running
upward on either side. The floor is wonderful old
tilework, and there is a frieze of decorative tiles along
the walls at shoulder height, separating dove-gray tiles
and white. Front and center is the heavy, mahogany
reception desk, with an intercom to the headmaster's
office. There are chairs set along the walls for visitors,
underneath framed photos of the building in earlier
incarnations. The two doors leading into the assembly
hall have electronic locks.

Two guards are stationed here at all time. They
each have a nook under the stairs. The foyer is con-
stantly monitored by a security camera.

* The Visitor's Lounge is an elegant space with
cream carpet, long, cream drapes and gray/white
walls divided by more ornamental tiles. On the inner
wall is a tiled fireplace above which hang labeled
portraits of Victoria Marshall and her father. The
furniture is all antique mahogany. In the corner, a
wrought-iron spiral staircase rises next to a much
more modern elevator. This room is used for inter-
viewing staff and entertaining visitors.

This room contains small, concealed security cam-
eras. Spotting them requires a Perception + Alertness
(or Security) roll

* The Interview Rooms are used for interview-
ing new residents and for visits between residents
and family or legal representatives. The doors be-
tween the foyer and the interview room complex
and the interview rooms and the staff area have
electronic locks

* The Staff Room is a large, carpeted room with
some areas partitioned to provide private desks for the
teachers. Desks have computers and external telephone/
modem lines, as well as books, papers and smatterings of
personal objects. There is a full lounge suite built
around a television.

* The Private Offices are respectively those of the
teaching staff, the secretaries, Edward Harvey and the
late Mary Blacksmith. They contain desks, computers,
external telephone/modem lines, bookshelves and fil-
ing cabinets, together with papers and records
appropriate to their occupants. Only two contain any-
thing of real interest.

In Edward Harvey's office is an intercom to the
headmaster's office. In his bottom drawer, locked
with an ordinary lock, are all the files (and all but one
of the notebooks) that are missing from Mary
Blacksmith's office. The most recently dated note-
book was completely filled about a month ago. If the
documents on his computer are examined, it will
become clear that he is creating replacement records
for those missing ones.

Mary Blacksmith's office has not been occupied
since her death. She did not see residents here but,
rather, in the counselor's room on Level Two. Here
was where she did her paperwork, including her
confidential case records, which are stored in a
filing cabinet with an ordinary lock. The key has
been taken by Headmaster Vandermeer, who has
removed the files for Maxwell and the other "tru
ies." Mickey Pico's file is also missing. Alicia Rhowes'
and José Matinalé's files are both in place. Alicia's
gives her history and notes strong religious feelings.
José's speaks of his need to develop ways of control-
ling his anger. The bottom drawer of the file is
entirely empty.

On Mary's desk sits her computer and two boxes
of personal effects — her relatives have yet to arrange
shipping. One contains books on young-adult psy-
chology and criminal behavior. The other contains a
great deal of photos. Mary can be presumed to be the
smiling black woman in most of them. There are
pens, amusing coffee mugs, a lavender-colored
sweater, the latest J.K. Rowling book and a personal
organizer that shows that on the night of her death


MAP 2:

Main Block Level 1

Fear to TREAD

Visitor's
Lounge _
Laundry|
Private T sis
iT itchen
Interview CD aaa :
counter
any Rooms Rk: Foyer Centre
Sa stores
E e S Dining Hall
& 5
Kitchen | T Oe ¢ e) 2 | cansutin
° Assembly
Hall
aa ce |T Tl c¢ c c
Room aa
window
D Dormitory C Classroom T Toilet ee) St Elevator door ® Guard
F fire door
secret door
Main Block Level 2
5 en Stores
S Monitor's
S| Private ry 30"
m Quarters Room
$
| i
£ 7 cO>2 main cO D
g Ubrary Corridor
= D F F D D
A
= ™ M 5 D
S D D
° Office D D D
a
Counselor's D
D D D
g es Assembly
g Special fiail
3 Projects Roo D & ‘inne D D b
u ond

she had an after-hours meeting scheduled with Head-
master Vandermeer. (For Storyteller reference, Mary
chose not to attend this meeting and instead to
discuss the situation with her priest, which tipped
her hand that she knew something more than she
should. She was killed before she could reveal that
anything untoward was happening.) Scrawled be-
neath this appointment in atrocious handwriting it

is, "Remember look up quote in Tomorrow, When
the War Began. Good way of putting it!"

Tomorrow, When the War Began is a young-adult
novel by author John Marsden dealing with teenagers
who must learn to survive when their country is in-
vaded. There is a copy upstairs in the library

Mary's computer will boot up and show a wide range
of files — but absolutely nothing sharing her date of death.


Grape ONE

* During business hours, the Infirmary is the
domain of Dr. Wu. Sick and injured residents and
staff come to the examination room for her tender
attentions. Through the door from the examination
room is her real office, including two private cu-
bicles and a walk-in storeroom containing medical
records and the drugs cabinet. The storeroom is
electronically locked, and the cabinet has a spe-
cially installed deadbolt lock to which only she and
the nurses have keys.

Dr. Wu is only on duty from 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM,
but a member of the nursing staff is always here.

¢ The Dining Hall is arranged cafeteria-style. The
door into the kitchen has an electronic lock.

* Stores and Laundry, large and concrete. All
deliveries to the school come to this steel sliding
door. Motion detectors triggering security cameras
are switched on after the last of the staff leave,
generally around 8:00 PM. An alarming quantity of
inflammable chemicals can be found here, along
with boxes of paper, crates of toner refills, gallons of
orange juice, et cetera. In the corner nearest the door
is an industrial elevator that contains a concealed
security camera. Close by is the main fuse box for the
entire building.

* The Assembly Hall is a huge space, lit by
windows on the second floor. There are no windows
at ground level, only the large back door. The walls
are white, the floor white-and-gray linoleum. Above
each of the massive, old pine staircases hangs a
wooden board inscribed with the new school motto.
As well as assemblies, this area is open for student use
during the day and evening and contains two sets of
tables and chairs grouped around a television at-
tached to the wall. Near each of these is a large,
canvas "graffiti space" on which the students are
allowed to express themselves. One notable entry on
this space features a spiky black scribble with lots of
ted mouths and/or eyes.

* Each Toilet Block has an alarm buzzer on the wall.

The internal Classroomsare not lockable oralarmed.

LeveL Two

* The upper level of the Assembly Hall is a
traffic area of bare white walls and white-and-gray
linoleum. The banisters around the walkway are
more like half-walls, solid wood and four feet high,
with a further four feet of wire mesh above that (as
per the outer perimeter).

The doors leading into the dormitory area and into
security all have electronic locks.

* Each Dormitory contains two double bunks, four
drawers and a small bathroom. None have windows or

lockable doors. Girls are usually accommodated in the
rooms facing the library.

¢ The Monitors' Room is a permanent station
for counseling staff. This room contains two beds, a
small bathroom, a kitchenette, lounge chairs and an
external phone line. During the day, counselors are
available to resolve disputes, hear problems and dis-
tribute board games, paper, pens et cetera. At night,
two monitors are always on duty. They conduct the
final check in before turning off the lights and may
make patrols afterward. The door has a peephole and
an electronic lock that is engaged at night. However,
it incorporates a buzzer so that the monitors may be
awakened by residents in an emergency.

© Stores such as sheets and blankets, soap, ete. are
kept behind an electronic lock.

¢ The Library is open from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM,
during which time the door stands open. Otherwise,
the electronic lock is engaged. According to the
records, Mr. Rutgar Kralfesky is the librarian who
supervises this quiet oasis of approved books and
magazines. There are four computers with external
modems set up near the librarian's desk, for use by
residents with special permission. There are also two
AV booths.

If the characters consider Mary Blacksmith's note
to herself on her calendar to be some sort of clue and go
looking for Tomorrow, When the War Began on the
shelves, it will be found where the Dewey decimal
system dictates it should be. Next to it is one of Mary
Blacksmith's notebooks, which she's apparently se-
creted away here.

The Librarian's Office has a computer, external
modem and telephone lines and stacks of books. There
is also a small sink and refrigerator.

¢ The Counselor's Room was where Mary Black-
smith did her job. It has an electronic lock that has
been engaged since her death, excepting a visit by
Edward Harvey to remove incriminating material.
The room has pale-blue walls and blue carpet and is
set out with comfortable chairs. There are some
lovely bright watercolors on the walls and a desk in
the far corner.

The desk is empty, cleaned out. Anyone who goes
tosearch the lounge chairs notices that the cushions are
out of place, suggesting that someone already has
searched them.

* Security is the guards' headquarters. It is a severe
place, with long benches against the walls and a hard
linoleum floor. The usual sink, fridge set up is the only
concession to leisure. Each guard plus Holden has a
locker, fora total of 25. The lockers have ordinary locks
and are often left open.


50.

Fear to TREAD

Mana's Noresook

The first date in the notebook is about a month
before Mary's death, and the scrawled entries reveal
her growing concern about Maxwell Harris and
friends. She notes their hero worship of Headmaster
Vandermeer and adoption of militaristic behavior.
She notes that the headmaster seems to enjoy and be
encouraging this behavior. Incidents of their bully-
ingare increasing, and so, too, is the level of violence
of those incidents. She notes trying to raise the
matter with Vandermeer, but he replies that if she
feels uncomfortable about how the children are
acting, she should leave them to him.

On the date of her death comes the following
entry, which appears to be Mary's shorthand tran-
scription of an interview with Maxwell Harris
following his beating of Micky Pico:

1 PM — Maxwell Har

(He's not responsive, but he keeps smiling. No
at all. Little bastard.)

Asked about bullying, he says: Don't U get sick of all

All the scum. Nothing will save them

sked: Will U B saved?

—Yes, I know the way.

What is the way?

—Don't B weak. Gotta B strong. B Ready.

4 what?

—Do what's needed. Serve him

Serve Vndrmeer? He wants yout to se

—Think you're smart? Know what's in my head? U
now shit. The Cul knows.

The Cul knows U?

le does. Tells me what to do, He's got the power.
We're going to share it.

reme

Inside these lockers are various personal posses-
sions, such as magazines that would certainly be
confiscated from the residents and unpleasant detritus
such as used Band-Aids, bloodstained handkerchiefs
and lumps of cotton wool. Some of the magazines have
been grotesquely vandalized. Holden's locker contains
six tear gas canisters

Holden has a small, cramped desk in the corner
near the door with an intercom to the headmaster'
office. The desk contains rosters, reports and more
magazines that shouldn't be here. In the bottom drawer
is a bottle of antiseptic and packets of sterile swabs
carelessly mixed with used ones.

In the normal course of things, this room is
occupied only during the 9:00 AM/5:00 PM/1:00
AM shift changes.

* The Control Room is the heart of the school
under the Colonel's reign. Both doors have electronic

(That little brat just SPIT on my table!)

—(Laughing!!) Know U won't call guards. TI
serve the Cal too.

Will the Cnl get U out of here, is that what he said?

—Not us. The others. Getting them out of their
prison. Giving the weak to them

The others? (No answer. Twice.)

Giving the weak to them? What's that? (Still no
answer.)

(ANSWER ME, YOU LITTLE BRAT!!!)

(Okay, Mary, get it together.)

Was Micky Pico weak? Did U "give the oth-
ers" Micky?

(No answer, but the little smug bastard's smil-
ing again.)

Is that why U and your friends beat him up?

—Does that upset U, bitch?

(Oh, this one's had it.)

—You'll C soon enough. U R weak just like the rest
of them. The Cnl's others can have you all that big

Then U.
that mean?

He's actually walking out. I don't believe the
nerve of that little bastard. "Colonel" Vandermeer
has let his pet borderline sociopath get away with far
too much here lately. But what was that bit about
giving people to the others? Sounds cultish... What's
Vandermeer up to? And just what's going on with
Micky Pico.

Sorry, Colonel. Our meeting's going to have to wait.

locks that only the special security cards will open,
The place is crammed with screens: one for each
security camera and a huge digital map of both floors
and the grounds that indicates triggered alarms and
buzzers. While this may not be apparent at first, it also
shows the brickworks. There is an intercom to the
headmaster's office.

From here, large portions of the school can be
locked down by sealing the electronic locks. The
fire alarms and sprinkler system can be triggered or
overridden, as can both elevators. At any time,
there are two guards on duty. Often, Holden takes a
shift himself, and the Colonel might join him foran
evening

* This Lounge marks the beginning of the
headmaster's private quarters. The Colonel lives here,
his meals prepared and delivered by the kitchen staff,
his laundry set beside the lift to be collected and


Civrrer OVE.

returned by the cleaners. Itis well known amongst them
that he never allows them to clean his actual bedroom
but, instead, does it himself, Throughout this complex,
the carpet look very new, and there is a strong scent of
air freshener.

The décor is continued from below — gray-
and-white walls, cream carpet and drapes across
windows that otherwise provide a panoramic view
of the electrical substation. A large Persian carpet
hangs on one wall next to a box holding
Vandermeer's medals. Other walls hold collec
tions of military insignias

Anantiquesideboard has been adapted toholdasmall
AV setup. There is also a well-stocked liquor cabinet.

© The Headmaster's Office holds a spacious
antique desk with a computer, external telephone
and modem lines and an intercom linked to the
control room, security, the reception desk in the
foyer and Edward Harvey's office. Beneath the desk is
aconcealed buzzer to alert security. There is always a
guard on duty here, concealed in a nook formed by
the filing cabinets

© Vandermeer's Private Quarters are those of an
elderly bachelor with army habits. There is a touch of
the exotic in the carved Persian chest he uses as a
bedside table and the antique Turkish cabinet in
which Micky Pico has been imprisoned since his
disappearance. The cabinet was designed expressly for
this purpose, containing a floor-level slot for feeding
and for cleaning the tray provided for bodily wastes
anda whole lot of small, circular openings. It is just big
enough fora scrawny little boy to sleep sitting with hi
head on his knees.

(Storyteller reference: When Mary to check on
Micky Pico at the infirmary but couldn't find him
there, the nurse on staff told her that Vandermeer took
Pico out the day after Pico went in. Mary then went to
find Vandermeer. He was not in his office or his
private quarters, but she heard coming from behind his
quarters' locked door the faint sound of sobbing. She
also smelled something like human waste coming from
within. She put two and two together and left imme-
diately, too scared and confused to form a rational plan
for what to do.)



Can a man scoop fire into his lap without his clothes

being burned?
—Proverbs 6:27

No one can honestly claim that the life of a fallen
angel who has been newly returned to the physical
world and taken up residence in a soulless mortal host
iseasy. By the same token — or perhaps asa corollary to
the preceding sentiment — neither can one honestly
say that such a life is boring. No matter who the fallen
angel used to be, no matter what role he played in the
War of Wrath, no matter why he chose to fall from
God's grace, no matter why he chose to return to Earth
now so near the End Times and no matter what mortal
life he has now found himself a part of, there is always
going to be something for him to do.

Ona mortal level, the demon first has to integrate the
lingering memories of his mortal host into some semblance
of coherence and find a way to blend his own patchwork
memories with them soas not to lose himself in the chaotic
swirl of two conflicting experiences. He must then learn

the expected norms of human behavior so that he can
maintain the charade of living a normal life without
drawing undue attention from wary mortals. Once the
demon has gotten that straight, he has to make contact
with others like himself and try to find a way to fit into the
nascent, burgeoning society of newly returned fallen.

The means by which he does so bring up a whole
new set of active opportunities and responsibilities.
Demons are active creatures, after all — designed to
work together in pursuit of a common goal. A demon
can find himself involved in the affairs of his local
demonic court very quickly (sometimes as soon as
members of that court are aware of his return). Each
ministry oversees a significant amount of territory and
undertakes significant responsibilities as it goes about
trying to reestablish a dominant demonic presence on
Earth, and the senior ministers often compete with each
other for the newest available competent help as it
escapes the Abyss.


On a more personal level, the relatively new con-
cept of participating in factional conflict keeps fallen
busy as well. Every faction has overarching goals for its
members to pursue (which their leaders have likely
developed as a means of coping with their defeat in the
War of Wrath), and sometimes, pursuing those goals
can take up all of a demon's free time that isn't already
taken up by serving the needs of his infernal court and
his mortal life. The Cryptics (who devote themselves to
study and investigation of the time that has passed since
their imprisonment, so as to find answers to the most
nagging and persistent questions that trouble the fallen)
find themselves especially busy in these modern times.
The Reconcilers do as well, considering how much
work must needs be done to repair the damage the War
of Wrath caused, so that these angels can present it to
their Creator as both an apology and a peace offering.
The Luciferans, Faustians and Raveners all have com-
parable amounts of work to do as well, not to mention
the amount of work that members of each faction must
put in above and beyond the norm in order to keep
members of the other factions from gaining some ad-
vantage over them.

And that description fits only the average demon,
who resides in a city in which mortal life continues to
run its course more or less as it always has. When you
consider the lives of the demons who have made Los
Angeles, California their home, you add a whole new
layer of complication. Times are changing faster in the
City of Angels than they are anywhere else in America
— possibly faster than anywhere else in the world. An
incredible earthquake (registering 7.2 on the Richter
scale) defied every principle of geology and scientific
prediction and sprang up out of nowhere to shake the
city to its foundations. At the same time, insanity swept
streets and the citizenry, unleashing calamitous riots
the likes of which even Los Angeles has never seen
before. The fervor surrounding these events has since
died down, but the aftermath has provided demons
plenty of unexpected opportunities to entice thralls, to
gain temporal power by insinuating themselves into the
beleaguered authorities of the mortal community and to
parlay either or both such gains into power and influ-
ence at the infernal level as well. Meanwhile, the
terrible, unknowable Earthbound who have long since
gotten to the city first are dispatching their thralls and
servants to do just the same as the fallen are scrambling
to do (albeit for much more sinister reasons). Their
actions, in turn, are motivating the city's resident fallen
toact out directly against these horrible infernal machi-
nations or to do everything in their power to insulate
themselves against the same, which only adds more
complications to the already desperately busy lives of
Los Angeles' fallen.

Feanto TREAD

Inarguably, the newly returned fallen of the City of
Angels are, by necessity, extremely busy creatures who
more or less have to be constantly on the move and
constantly doing something. Therefore, it only stands
to reason that some aspect of this continual activity
would eventually (perhaps inevitably) be noticed by
interested mortals in the community. That concept
ignites the conflict of Into the Fire — be itas the second
story of the Fear to Tread chronicle, as a stand-alone
pick-up story orasan aside in yourown greater chronicle.
A trio of demon-hunters stumbles across a demonic
conspiracy and helps to put the final wraps on it. Before
the hunters can pull up stakes and quit while they're
ahead, though, they find themselves in the center of
another more personal battle —a battle that draws your
players' characters in as well.

‘THe PLor (UN Brier)

Into the Fire opens ata gathering of the characters'
infernal court (or a less formal affair if they are agents of
AL-Lat), at which the events of Chapter One are being
discussed. Worried by the fact that the situation was
able to proceed as long as it had without anyone
noticing, one of the authority figures asks the characters
to check out the Marshall School in order to find some
way to expunge any lingering Earthbound taint there.
Once they arrive, however, they find that two strange
things have occurred. First, they find that the taint has
already been largely expunged. Second, they find that
the area from which the taint previously emanated is
now spiritually warded so that they cannot even enter.
A brief investigation reveals that a small group of
humans was seen poking around that site, so the char-
acters are encouraged to check those humans out. The
demons must find and interact with these humans, at
which point they learn that said humans are actually
inquisitive demon-hunters who stumbled onto the taint
at the Marshall School and did what they could to deal
with it. Later on, the characters' superiors express an
interest in possibly meeting these so-called demon-
huntersand entreating them to explain how they warded
the Marshall School against infernal taint, hoping
that such an interview will give them some insight
into a new means of combating Earthbound influence
in the city. When the characters track the demon-
hunters down again, the fallen can either haul the
demon-hunters away right there, or the characters can
lead the demon-hunters to believe that the fallen want
to help the hunters deal with the infernal menace that
they've set their sights on in hopes of gaining their
trust. One way or another, the characters hand the
demon-hunters over, just as they've been asked. But in
doing so, are they planting the seeds of an even greater
problem down the road?


Carrer TWo

4
SrornduTELLER CHARACTERS

While notall of these characters are highly influen-
tial movers and shakers in the Los Angeles Tri-County
Area (even in fallen society), they all have parts to play
in Into the Fire. Some are intended simply to point the
characters in the right direction if they should become
hopelessly confused about exactly what's going on or if
they should find themselves at a loss as to how to
proceed in their investigation. You can skip over some
of them if you find that your players' characters don't
need their help. You can also switch them out with
Storyteller characters of your own design or from previ-
ous events in your own chronicle, if you so choose. You
can even supplement their roles even further (if your
players appear to be having a particularly dense time of
it) by having the Storyteller characters to whom the
ones presented here are connected in Los Angeles's
greater infernal society make brief appearances. Expla-
nations of how the various Storyteller characters are
connected can be found in the Storyteller Characters
chapter of this book, and even more information is
presented in Demon: City of Angels.

* Baphomel (AKA Troy Daniels). Through an
extensive blackmail campaign, this newly returned
fallen of the First House has forced his way into the
position of Lieutenant Mayor of Los Angeles. He ap-
proaches this position and the opportunities it provides
him with laudable zeal and tenacity, but the recent
cataclysms that have befallen Los Angeles have taken
a great deal out of him. The mayor's office is running
him ragged, and the stress is beginning to show on him.

* The Minister of Aurochs. The primary respon-
sibility of the Ministry of Aurochs is to make sure that
the fallen members of its demonic court are aware of any
outside infernal threats. If the players' characters are
members of the Infernal Court of Los Angeles, they will
interact with Lord Aglibol; if they are supporters of the
Blood Court, this position is filled by Lady Inana. It is
by the head of this ministry that the characters are
enjoined to check out the Marshall School.

¢ The Minister of Eagles. The Eagle Ministry's
responsibility is that of being the eyes and ears of its
demonic court. Lord Chenrezig is the so-called "Lidless
Eye" for the Infernal Court, while Lady Nasu is his
counterpart in the Blood Court. It is either the players'
characters' court's respective Minister of Eagles who
brings the Marshall School situation to their court's
attention, or it's they who must answer for not discov-
ering the situation there soon enough.

* The Minister of Lions. As in Chapter One:
Suffer the Children, Fell Knight Guanli and Fell
Knight Ravana represent the Ministry of Lions of the
Infernal Court and the Blood Court (respectively).

They were involved in dealing with the Marshall
School situation, either at the players' characters' side
or on their own if your characters did not participate
in Suffer the Children.

¢ The Minister of Dust. Lord Vohu Mano repre-
sents the Infernal Court's mortal ministry, and Lord
Vritran does the same for the Blood Court. They were
tangentially involved with dealing with the situation at
the Marshall School. That situation disturbs them, as
does the idea that mortal demon-hunters could be
taking an active hand in that situation as well.

* Spentu Mainyu (AKA Scratch). This crafty
Devil is playing a dangerous double-game as the head of
the Ministry of Dragons of both the Infernal Court and
the Blood Court. He's subtly impelling the other min-
isters of both courts to action by poking into the
Marshall School situation. He's also one of the first
high-ranking demons to recognize the potential the
demon-hunters represent, rather than just the threat.

¢ The Tyrant of the Court. The tyrants of the
respective courts (Baroness Kishar for the Infernal
Court; Lady Anat for the Blood Court) play bit roles
here, but their presence is not to be discounted. They're
the ones who cut through any bickering that arises
between their lower ministe

¢ Fell Knight Ashur (AKA Jeff Black). Ashur was
also involved in the investigation of the Marshall
School, and he is available to put ina token appearance
as needed.

* Lady Al-Lat (AKA Xiao Yuen). If the charac-
ters are this Cryptic's agents rather than members of
either demonic court, it is through her and her direct
underlings that the characters hear about the situa-
tion at the Marshall School (if they did not play
through Suffer the Children) and are instructed to
check into it further.

* Manat (AKA Sylvia Sarah Woods). This nosy
Luciferan is doggedly following up on the story sur-
rounding the Marshall School on her own, much as the
characters are doing for their superiors. It is through her
that the characters find out about the demon-hunters in
the first place.

* Meonenim (AKA Israel Arcella). A small-time
businessman with a shop that specializes in the occult,
he can provide a lead or two into where the demon-
hunters are as well as what they might be capable of.

© Stanley McIntyre. A former priest who turned
demon-hunter after a chilling brush with the super-
natural. He believes that both demons and angels walk
the Earth, preparing to do battle for the souls of man-
kind. He is convinced that mankind has a role to play
in this struggle, but he doesn't yet know what that role
should be.


Lou Barber. This drifter and layabout has taken
up the hunt himself for reasons similar to McIntyre's,
but he only agrees with part of Stanley Mclntyre's
philosophy about what's really going on. He believes
that demons do, in fact, walk the Earth, but he's not so
sure about angels. As far as he's concerned, God's an
absentee who took His devoted angels with Him, leav-
ing mankind to fend for itself. But if that's what it takes,
Lou's prepared to do it.

¢ Koruna Gibson. The third in this trio of demon-
hunters, Koruna isn't sure what to believe. Are the
beings her group searches for demons? Are they angels?
She doesn't know, but she keeps an open mind. Mostly,
though, she keeps up the hunt with Stanley and Lou out
of loyalty to them both forall they've done for her in the
time they've known her.

* Yigal (AKA Joyce Allen). This demon has
found herself in possession of the body of the wife of a
local politician, and she uses this position to effect
what positive change she can on the mortal popula-
tion of Los Angeles.

INVOLVING THE CHARACTERS

When involving the players' characters in the
Into the Fire story, you have to consider what back-
ground the characters are approaching it from and
tailor your efforts accordingly. You could be running
this story as a one-shot or a pickup game to test out the
Demon rules. You could be using it as an interlude or
anaside ina larger chronicle of your own creation. You
could also be running it on the heels of Suffer the
Children as part of the greater Fear to Tread chronicle.
Ineither of the first two cases, involving the characters
requires some up-front exposition in the first scene.
The third case doesn't require as much exposition,
since the characters will likely know everything they
need to know about what happened in Chapter One,
but you might find the opportunity for it in this story's
first scene useful to tie up any lingering loose ends. By
the same token, you might find this opportunity a
useful point during which to fill in any holes the
characters might still have in their understanding of
the last story's events.

The first scene that follows is told from three
different perspectives to cover the experiences charac-
ters would have as members of the Infernal Court, as
members of the Blood Court oras agents of Lady Al-Lat,
in hopes of covering all bases. Regardless, though, the
means by which the characters arrive at that scene are
based on where they're coming from.

AFTER SUFFER THE CHILDREN

It's actually easiest to involve characters of all

stripes in Into the Fire from this perspective. The end of

Fear to TREAD

Suffer the Children wrapped up with the characters
leaving the brickworks of the Marshall School and
making preparations to both recover (if they were
injured) and report to members of their respective
courts. Scene One of this story, therefore, follows those
preparations naturally. Members of the Infernal Court
arrange to meet at a garden of the Huntington Library
the following night after hours. Members of the Blood
Court arrange to meet that same following night at a
place called the Vertigo Coffeehouse, which is run bya
Faustian known as Julian Forester. Agents of Al-Lat
choose to gather at a nightclub called The Kingdom.
The characters arrive at the prearranged times, and
Scene One begins as written.

JUMPINGIN COLD

Even if the characters were not part of the events
of Suffer the Children, arrangements are still being
made by members of the respective courts to meet as
was previously mentioned. In addition, supporting
members of the courts are being courteously sum-
moned either by invocation or by telephone call
(possibly by e-mail as well, depending on the charac-
ter) to discuss a matter of "grave import" to the court.
The characters are contacted by the senior ministers of
whatever demonic ministry they happen to be associ-
ated with and encouraged to attend. If the characters
are relatively new members of their court or if they
haven't shown themselves to favor working at the
behest of any ministry in particular, they are contacted
by the Eagle Minister (whose job it is to keep up with
the court's members).

If the characters are Cryptic agents of Lady Al-
Lat, they are likely not invited to meet with the
members of the other two courts (unless they are
undercover, as it were, and expected to do so). Instead
(or afterward), Al-Lat contacts them one by one and
asks them to join her for a meeting at a nightclub
called The Kingdom. Some interesting news has come
up about possible Earthbound interference right under
their noses, it seems, and that situation must needs be
discussed. If the characters are true Cryptics, that
should be all it takes to pique their interest and bring
them there straightaway.

SCENE ONE

(Before the description of the actual scene begins,
an opening word of warning is in order for the casual
reader ot the Storyteller who might be in a hurry. This
scene is outlined three different ways in order to cover
all the established ways in which the players' characters
might be introduced to the eventsas they are unfolding,
The rest of the scenes don't require quite as much
backtracking, so they flow a bit more smoothly.)


Cuaprer TWo.

THE INFERNAL COURT

The meeting of demons of the Infernal Court who
are either concerned about the events that transpired
at the Marshall School for Troubled Teens or are
ply responding to a generals summons sent out by
Lord Chenrezig of the Ministry of Eagles convenes at
the Huntington Library in San Marino shortly after
the place has technically closed for the day. As the
characters arrive separately or all in a group, they are
met around the back of the building at a door marked
"Employees Only" by an Asian woman named Violet
Takahashi. As members in pretty decent standing at
court, the characters recognize her as the demon
Amererat — a Devourer who's secretly on staff at the
library as a gardener. She leads them inside, through
the stacks and over to one of several gardens on a
different part of the property. On their way, the char-
acters pass a sullen looking fallen named Nathaniel
Hidalgo who morosely points in the direction in which
Amererat is already leading them. As the demon
Ebisu, Hidalgo also works here at the library on behalf
of Lord Aglibol (the court's Minister of Aurochs), and
itis his job to maintain this place as a gathering spot
for demons of the Infernal Court. It's reasonable to
assume that Lord Aglibol is already here (considering
how important this meeting supposedly is), and if
Ebisu looks so miserable, it's also reasonable to assume
that Lord Aglibol is not happy with him for some
reason. (If your players are not familiar enough with
the connections drawn between characters in this
book's Storyteller Character chapter or in Demon:
City of Angels, you can simply have Ebisu tell them as
much, rather than showing them thus.)

For her part, Amererat ignores Ebisu and leads the
characters to one of the gardens she's been hired to tend.
She stops at the threshold and ushers the characters
inside, telling them that "the others" are just getting
started. As the characters make their way into the
garden, the center of which is shrouded all around from
outside view, they can hear the sounds of conversation
emanating from within. When they emerge into the
center area themselves, they find a sizeable crowd
already waiting. This crowd includes the following
people (at the very least):

* Baroness Kishar — In the guise of an old black
woman with white hair and wrinkled skin, whose name
isMuriel Washington, Kisharstands barely five feet tall,
andshe appears to weigh less than 90 pounds. While she
might seem to be a frail, tired old woman anyone who
bothers to look into her eyes (which don't require any
sort of corrective lenses) will be startled by the spark of
youth and indomitable energy there. Her hair is white,
and her skin is wrinkled, but something about her eyes
bespeaks her iron strength

i}

7

¢ Ashur—Jeff Black (whom characters from Suffer
the Children should remember) seems the stereotype of
corn-fed, Midwestern good looks. He's a little over six
feet tall and weighs close to 230 pounds. He'sstill in the
uniform of a Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy.

* Lord Aglibol — Also known as Jesus Arroya,
Aglibol appears as a dark-skinned Hispanic man in his
late 40s. He seems haggard and stressed, but he's got a
pot belly and somewhat jowly cheeks. He is short and
possessed of an air of insufferable arrogance. Unfortu-
nately, an unpleasant miasma of body odor surrounds
him as well, and his hair is matted as if he didn't have
time to bathe before he came here.

* Lord Chenrezig — The head of the Eagle Minis-
try isa dark-skinned, scrawny Indian man witha scraggly
beard and wild, unkempt hair. He dresses in many layers
of mismatched clothing like a transient, but he lacks the
unwashed aroma of most bums.

* Fell Knight Guanli — Jeremiah Azevedo (who
characters from Suffer the Children might also remem-
ber) is a stocky Portuguese man. Although he's a
recognizable officer of the LAPD, he is not in uniform
at the moment (unless the timing from Suffer the
Children works out that he should still be).

* Lord Vohu Mano — Vohu Mano, who is known
among mortals as Jonathan Freeman, is a pale young
man with fine hair almost-white hair, who is almost
ethereally beautiful. (He should also be familiar from
Suffer the Children.)

* Spentu Mainyu — The head of the Dragon
Ministry has soft, rounded features, dark skin and an
easygoing, affable smile on his face. He is rolling a dollar
coin across the knuckles of his almost preternaturally
long fingers.

(As the Storyteller, you should feel free to add any
extra characters from the Infernal Court of Los Angeles
to this scene, as well as Storyteller characters of your
own design, if you so desire.)

These characters are arrayed around the meeting
site engaging in uncomfortable smalltalk that the play-
ers' characters' arrival mercifully eliminates. Kishar is
seated on a bench at the opposite end of the garden, at
what is now the head position. Ashur is seated next to
her, contrasting her tiny frame comically. Vohu Mano
is on the same side of Kishar as Ashur, not seeming to
be paying much attention to what is going on. Aglibol
is next on that side, with a good deal of space between
himself and anyone else. He has his arms crossed and is
looking furtively around at the others when he's not
glancing surreptitiously at his watch.

Spentu Mainyu is standing a few feet away from the
baroness on the other side opposite Ashur. Next to him
is Lord Chenrezig, who appears to be trying to engage

Fear to Treap

Spentu Mainyu in a conversation about bus routes, the
layout of the sewers and patterns of smog over the city.
(For his part, Spentu Mainyu is mostly just smiling and
nodding.) Fell Knight Guanli (and anyone else you see
fit to add to this scene) is standing more or less opposite
Baroness Kishar in a strict parade-rest stance.

Introductions can go around the garden at this
point if any of the characters are unsure of who any of
the others are. Lord Chenrezig steps forward to handle
this exchange, which he does without missing so much
asa syllable of any character's mortal or Celestial Name.
When he's finished, Lord Aglibol grumbles that it
doesn't look like anyone else is going to show up, so they
might as well get this gathering over with so he can get
back to work.

Baroness Kishar takes over at that point, agreeing
with Aglibol wholeheartedly (which earns a subtle roll
of the eyes from Vohu Mano). She states that the reason
everyone's come together this evening is to discuss a
newly discovered threat by minions of one of the two
Earthbound demons who are suspected to be at work in
the city the Infernal Court has claimed. She stumblesa
bit over how to refer to him without mentioning his
name —and thus invoking him — and finally comes up
with "the one who is not the Lord of Murder" (ie,
Enshagkushanna, rather than Manishtusu).

"Shaggy,' let's call him," Spentu Mainyu interjects
good-naturedly.

Unamused, Kishar grudgingly accepts that and car-
ries on. She makes sure that everyone understands that
the Earthbound and their servitors are dangerous, un-
predictable enemies of the fallen and that she will stop
at nothing to see their influence erased from her city.
She then asks Ashur and Guanli (and the characters, if
they participated in the events of Suffer the Children)
to come forward and fill everyone in on the specifics of
this threat.

Ashur stands and speaks first. He tells everyone
about feeling a sudden sense of demonic power that was
greater than anything else he had felt since Lucifer's
appearance above the LA skyline — one so strong and
veined with such torment that he could not ignore it.
(At that, several listeners nod in recognition or look
wistfully up at the sky. Aglibol just checks his watch
again.) As he was going to check it out, he received a
call over his radio about a presumably drunk driver
crashing through an outdoor café and destroying her car
ina ball of fire. When he responded to the site of the one
event, he discovered that it was the site of the other as
well. Some unsuspecting human had been the victim of
tainted infernal power, and that power had killed her.

His tale then proceeds in one of two possible
ways. If the players' characters took part in Suffer the


Ciaprer TWo

Children, he describes meeting them at the scene then
cedes the floor to them to describe their experiences
from that point forward. If your players did not play
through Suffer the Children, though, Ashur engages a
tidy bit of exposition. He tells about searching the
victim's apartment and running a background check to
find nothing out of the ordinary. He tells about what the
fallen medical examiners discovered when they exam-
ined the victim's body both naturally and supernaturally.
He tells about visiting the school and intervening in a
student revolt, after which he made contact in private
with one of the students.

He then turns the discussion over to Guanli, who
takes over somewhat nervously (again, if the characters
are not the ones doing the talking.) The fell knight
describes how he, an unnamed "friend" from outside the
court and Ashur returned to the school after bed check
and raided the place. He tells everyone exactly what was
going on in the brickworks right on the school grounds
and how two people had to die (and one unfortunate
fallen comrade had to be consigned back to the Abyss)
so that "Shaggy's" influence could be at least tempo-
rarily cut off.

The majority of the courtiers reacts to this news
with disturbed shock, but not Baroness Kishar. She
glares at Lord Chenrezig and demands to know why the
court had no warning about this threat growing in its
midst. Still somewhat in shock, Chenrezig begins to
babble that so much has been happening lately and that
the fallen who have made their way to the city are still
so few that he and his ministry could not possibly be
expected to uncover every small-time incursion by the
forces of the Earthbound. Plus, the Earthbound have
had so much longer to insinuate themselves into the
city that defending against them is more a matter of
rooting them out than in preventing them from gaining
a foothold.

Lord Aglibol snorts in contempt and mumbles that
if Lord Chenrezig did not spend so much time with his
head in the gutter this problem might not have grown
unchecked in the first place. This outburst earns him a
glare from Kishar who says that rooting out threats
against the court — which activities of the Earthbound
definitely represent — and protecting the court is the
responsibility of the Ministry of Aurochs in the first
place. Why, then, did Aglibol not do anything about
this situation? At this, Aglibol stammers, and his eyes
roll in desperation until his gaze fixes on Vohu Mano.
He points accusingly at the Minister of Dust and claims
that since human beings were being victimized by the
Earthbound, it should have been Vohu Mano who took
care of the situation.

Such infantile finger-pointing should not appeal to
arational mind, but Baroness Kishar swallows it right

down. She turns her glare on Vohu Mano, who sighs in
defeat and says that he did everything he knew how to
do once he was finally made aware of the situation. He
does not even try to argue with Aglibol.

If your players' characters wish to forestall more of
this bickering before it gets entirely out of hand, have
the players roll Charisma or Manipulation plus what-
ever Ability they think would be of the most help. If the
characters do not decide to break in (maybe they are
enjoying the show, or maybe they do not think that it
is their place to pipe up at this point), Spentu Mainyu
acts as the voice of reason. He steps forward toward
Kishar and tells everyone that this is no time for
pointless bickering. If anything, everyone should be
thanking Ashur and Guanli (and the players' characters
if doing so is appropriate) for the timely work that they
alldid. This tactic does not cool tempers, but it turns the
discussion civil once more and ends the blame game.

"What needs to be done now, then," Kishar says
after a tense moment or two of silence, "is to make sure
that this Earthbound's influence has truly been cut off
from this school of troublemakers. | understand that you
all have other responsibilities, but who can I count on
to see this through?"

Right away, Aglibol begs off, claiming that he has
to leave soon. He says that he has to prepare for an
impromptu City Council meeting the following day, at
which the mortals will be discussing this very topic.
Vohu Mano offers to check it out — even comes close
to begging Kishar to allow him to do it — but Kishar
denies his request outright. In the wake of that pro-
nouncement, no one else makes a move to speak.

The uncomfortable silence that follows is designed
to inspire your players' characters to volunteer. If they
do so and they have also played through Suffer the
Children, Aglibol eagerly supports them, Vohu Mano
nods respectfully, Spentu Mainyu grins, and Ashur
voices his support. Kishar commends them for their
initiative and willingness to remain involved. If the
characters volunteer without having played through
Chapter One, the same response is engendered, except
for the fact that Vohu Mano looks a little more frus-
trated and annoyed with Kishar. If the characters do not
volunteer, though, Spentu Mainyu comes forward, looks
around the gathering and fixes his gaze on them. Then,
with a conciliatory smile, he recommends the charac-
ters to Kishar as "competent, impartial and, above all,
loyal members of the Infernal Court." Without waiting
fora reply, Kishar jumps at the easy solution and orders
the characters to comply.

Once that brewing conflict has been settled, Kishar
bids the characters to investigate as quickly and thor-
oughly as they can and to report back to one of the
ministers or herself with anything they can find out by


the morning after next. (If the characters did not take
part in Suffer the Children, she commands Guanli and
Ashur to remain behind and tell them the location
and layout of the school.) When all of that has been
said and done, she thanks everyone for coming, then
promptly dismisses them. One by one, the ministers
leave, and the ball is in the characters' court.

‘THe BLoop Court

The meeting of demons of the Blood Court who
are either concerned about the events that transpired
at the Marshall School for Troubled Teens or are
simply responding to a generals summons sent out by
Lady Nasu of the Ministry of Eagles convenes at a
coffee shop in Santa Monica called the Vertigo Cof-
feehouse. The place is tastefully decorated to look like
the living room of a nouveau-tiche young urban pro-
fessional. Abstract paintings hang on the walls, the
floors are all varnished hardwood, and the couches
and chairs all around are trendy home furnishings
designed by the third leading interior designer on the
local scene. The only concession to commercialism is
a large chalkboard listing the names of the day's
special blends, which hangs on the wall behind a long
glass counter full of reasonably fresh baked goods. The
place is only about half full of customers, all of whom
are lounging around sipping drinks or partitioned off
behind newspapers.

As the characters enter, the proprietor emerges
from the door leading back to an office behind the
counter. His name is Julian Forester, and he is quietly
considered by many members of the Blood Court to
be a piteous anomaly among Los Angeles' fallen
community. For some reason, this Faustian (by deed,
if not by official declaration) has retained the abili-
ties and innate powers of his fallen nature, but he
remembers only his mortal life and none of his long
life from before. Object of pity or not, though, Julian
owns this place, and it was he who set it up as a
meeting place for the fallen of the Blood Court to use
in privacy. To that end, he nods once, knowingly, to
the characters and glances significantly in the direc-
tion of the three unisex restrooms near the rear, then
down at his watch (as if to tell the characters that
they're behind schedule)

As the characters make their way to the back, they
casually enter the middle of the three doors (one by one
or all together if they wish). The rear wall of this
bathroom, they can tell automatically, is an illusion
stretched out over yetanother door that leads to Forester's
private meeting room. Passing through this illusory
barrier (which serves only to keep mortal customers
from getting nosy), they enter the room where the
luminaries of the secretive Blood Court of Los Angeles

Feanto TREAD

have gathered and are waiting for them around a large
conference-room-style table. These luminaries include
at least the following characters:

Lady Anat —The Tyrant of the Blood Court has
blond hair and brown eyes and is immaculately
groomed. She greets the characters with a very subtle
Parisian accent.

Lady Nasu — The Slayer known as Old Tilda is
bent and wrinkled leather stretched thin across of a
frame of bones, wrapped up in layers of strongly fra-
grant clothing. Her hair is a matted tangle of white,
but her eyes gleam with an unexpected life beneath
this unruly mop.

Lady Inana — The Blood Court's Aurochs Min-
ister is tall, slender and effortlessly elegant, and her
chocolate-brown eyes are rich with innuendo and sug-
gestion. Her brown hair is kept shoulder length and full
to best frame her oval visage, and she has garbed herself
in blacks and reds.

¢ Fell Knight Ravana — This warrior-woman of
the Lion Ministry (whom characters who played in
Suffer the Children should recognize) is strikingly at-
tractive, with a well-rounded figure and bright, green
eyes. As before, she shows no exposed skin except from
the chin up and the wrists down,

¢ Lord Vritran — This character (also one the
characters might recognize from Chapter One) isa lean,
fit Korean man with excited, dancing eyes.

* Spentu Mainyu — This Devil whom his mortal
contacts know as Scratch appears here just as he does in
the preceding text, right down to the coin he's spinning
across his knuckles.

* Lo-ruhamah — This demon is a severe-looking
middle-aged woman who's still wearing a white lab
coat with an ID badge from the Martin Luther King,
Jr./Charles R. Drew Medical Center on the pocket.
(Characters from Suffer the Children should recog-
nize her as Doctor Katherine Roggenkamp from that
hospital's morgue.)

(Again, as the Storyteller, you should feel free to
add any extra characters from the Infernal Court of Los
Angeles to thisscene, as well as Storyteller characters of
your own design, if you so desire.)

The gathered characters are either seated or stand-
ing around the table in the center of the room, some of
them nursing cups of coffee, others going without. Lady
Anat sits at the far head of the table with Spentu
Mainyu at her left and Lady Nasu at her right. Lady
Inana and Fell Knight Ravana are sitting across from
one another, and Lord Vritran is lounging against the
wall with a tiny espresso cup balanced on his palm. Lo-
ruhamah js sitting by herself at the table with an empty
seat between her and Ravana.


Cuaprer TWO

As the characters come in, Lady Anat rises to bid
the characters welcome and asks them to make them-
selves comfortable. She then explains (to characters
who were not part of Suffer the Children) that the
reason she had Lady Nasu call everyone together who
could make it on such short notice is that a possible
opportunity has arisen in the form of a dangerous
Earthbound incursion. Right away, Lady Nasu pipes up
and asks, "Which one? Was it Manish—"

"No, no, the other one," Spentu Mainyu interrupts
her (much to the relief of the others in the room). "But
don't say either of their names. How ‘bout we just call
this one ‘Shaggy' for safety's sake right now?"

Thissuggestion is met with some amusementaround
the room except for Lady Nasu, who looks vaguely
annoyed. Regardless, Anat continues. She explains
that what makes this situation a possible opportunity is
the fact that while they (the members of the Blood
Court) didn't realize what was happening until it was
almost too late, the members of the Infernal Court
apparently had even less of a clue. The challenge, then,
is to investigate and capitalize on this situation now
before the Infernal Court gets involved and see what
advantage, if any, can be gained from it.

If your players' characters did not participate in
Suffer the Children, Lady Anat takes this opportunity
to step back and fill them in on exactly what she's
talking about. She explains Ashur's part in the plot as
she understands it second-hand from Lo-ruhamah.
She tells them about Fell Knight Ravana's involve-
ment (as well as that of Ravana's "friend from outside
the court") in putting a stop to what was happening at
the Marshall School for Troubled Teens. If, on the
other hand, the characters did participate in the pre-
vious story, Anat praises them in front of everyone for
their timely involvement. Either way, she chastises
everyone for not noticing Enshagkushanna's growing
influence sooner but encourages them not to dwell on
itsince there is still time to possibly make the best of
this not-so-bad situation.

Lady Anat then suggests that someone from this
court ought to check out the site of contention at the
Marshall School. If the characters have already been to
the school, Lady Anat nominates them straightaway. If
not (and ifthey don't volunteer), no one looks their way
just yet. Lady Nasu begs off going to the school itself but
offers to attend the City Council meeting that's sched-
uled for the following day, at which the mortals intend
to discuss the situation amongst themselves and try to
deal with it on their level. The other ministers of the
court make excuses related to their demonic work or
inescapable responsibilities of their mortal lives.

Finally, if the players' characters still have not
volunteered themselves, Spentu Mainyu looks in their

direction and says, "Maybe you'd be willing to help the
court out, yeah? After all, there are so few of us here in
the shadow of the greater Infernal Court..." Anat
hesitates but then brightens to the idea. None of the
other ministers have any objections, so the matter is
(hopefully) settled. Anat asks the characters to take
no more than a couple of days looking into the matter,
then to get back in touch with herself or Lady Nasu. At
this point, the characters are free to stay and interact
with the members of their rebel court if the players so
desire, but when Lady Nasu makes her exit about 10
minutes later, the other ministers and guests are not far
behind her. Only Ravana makes any initial effort to
approach and talk to the characters, and she feels the
need to do so only if they have never been to the
Marshall School before.

AGENTS oF AL-LAT

The meeting of those demonic agents of the Cryp-
tic Lady Al-Lat who are either concerned about the
events that transpired at the Marshall School for
Troubled Teens or are simply responding to the general
summons sent out by Al-Lat takes place at a nightclub
offof Manhattan Beach called The Kingdom. The place
is a sprawling four-floor monstrosity that radiates with
garish neon lights and thumps and hums with the loud
dance music emanating from inside. This place has
become one of Los Angeles' quickest-to-the-top hot
spots for the chic Hollywood crowd, although it is still
less than a year old. The characters pay the cover, then
head inside.

Inside, every surface is painted a dark color, the
barand the dance floors are packed with second-string
beautiful people, and even inside, there's a lot of neon
illuminating the place. Over it all, dance music blares
oppressively loud, forcing the patrons to shout (or
resort to crude pantomime) in order to communicate
with each other. Lady Al-Lat considers the owner of
this club — a mysterious demon named Nyx, who
prefers to be called by her mortal host's name of Molly
Vasquez — a reputable source of information, if the
price is right, which is why Al-Lat wanted to meet
here. As per her standard practice, Molly has secreted
herself away on the fourth floor of this club in her
private office.

The characters head for the back stairs, which lead
to a dimly lit balcony lounge overlooking the dance
floor below, then up to the office on the top floor. When
they get to the top of the steps, they are stopped by a
thuggish bouncer to whom they must give the password
Nyx." Molly opens the door from within at this
point and ushers the characters inside.

The office is only a little better lit than the rest of the
club, butitissoundproofedso thatonly the barest vibration

6L

62

from the clamor of music makes it in here. Awaiting the
characters' arrival are the following characters:

Lady Al-Lat — Also knownas Xiao Yuen, Al-Lat
possesses the body of a 17-year-old Chinese girl. She is
slender and short but not yet finished growing. Her
black hair is long and straight, almost reaching her
waist, and only a single elastic band is holding it in any
semblance of order

© Lady Nasu — Lady Nasu appears here just as she
does in the Blood Court text.

¢ Lord Chenrezig — This character appears here
just as he does in the Infernal Court text.

* Fell Knight Guanli — This fell knight appears
here just as he does in the Infernal Court text.

* Molly Vasquez — The demon Nyx is dressed in
her best Hollywood-chic clubbing getup. Her tight
body is' pulsing slightly in time to the music from
downstairs, and she is unselfconsciously gnawing her
lower lip in anticipation of getting out to the dance floor
for a while.

(Just as in the two previous iterations of this scene,
you should feel free, as the Storyteller, to add any extra
characters to this scene who might also be secretive
agents of Lady Al-Lat, as well as Storyteller characters
of your own design, if you so desire.)

Once the characters arrive and make themselves
comfortable, Molly asks Lady Al-Lat if anyone else will

Fear T0 TREAD

be joining them. Al-Lat indicates that she does not
think so, and Molly excuses herself. She tells Al-Lat
that she is looking forward to their talk after this
meeting, and Al-Lat returns the sentiment with some-
what less sincerity. Then, Molly is gone, leaving only
Al-Lat and her agents.

When they are alone, Al-Lat either explains what
she has called this meeting for (if the players' characters
did not play through Suffer the Children) or asks what
it is that the characters have been up to at the Marshall
School for Troubled Teens (if they have been there). If
the characters have not been there (or if the players are
still somewhat nervous about roleplaying a dialogue
such as this), Fell Knight Guanli, Lord Chenrezig and
Lady Nasu fill in the exposition. They tell either what
they experienced (in Guanli's case) or what they heard
second-hand from other members of their respective
courts (in Chenrezig's and Nasu's s).

Their consensus after this exposition has taken
place is that the corruptive influence of the Earth-
bound who was using the Marshall School has been
cut off for the time being. It seems, though, according
to the respective courts' Eagle Ministers that the
ministers of the Infernal Court and the Blood Court
are content to call the deal done and let that be that.
They have expressed only nominal interest in seeing
the matter through, and no one has volunteered to


Civprer Two

follow up. Al-Lat considers this lapse on the courts'
part unconscionable —although she thanks her agents
for lying low and not forcing the courts to get involved
—and she declares that it is up to them to look more
deeply into this matter.

To that end, she turns toward her newest agents,
that is, the players' characters. Whether they have
been to the Marshall School or not, she asks them to
go there on behalf of their faction and see what they
can find. She asks Nasu, Chenrezig and Guanli to
focus their courts' attention elsewhere for the time
being in order to give her other agents some little
opportunity to function in secret. She wants the char-
acters to go to the school, check out the site at which
the Earthbound's power was the most concentrated in
order to make sure that the taint of it has truly been cut
off, try to find out how it managed to get a foothold
there in the first place and, finally, to find out if any
other parts of the school might have been similarly
tainted yet somehow escaped notice.

Before they do that, however, Lady AL-Lat suggests
that it might aid the characters in their investigation if
they attend the next day's emergency City Council
meeting. That meeting has been called in direct re-
sponse to the community finding out about the situation
at the Marshall School, and it seems to be intended as
partpress conference, partsoothing balm on the public's
fears that their children are being victimized and part

Unsprencovrrn CHARACTERS

It's possible that you've constructed your
chronicle in such a way that the players' charac:
ters are Cryptic agents of Al-Lat who have
infiltrated the Infernal Court, the Blood Court or
even both courts simultaneously. If that's the case,
you can have them participate in one or both
versions of this first scene, then report to Al-Lat
in the third part about what they have witnessed.
If you decide to do so, don't forget to have the
recurring characters from the first two iterations
(Nasu, Chenrezig and Guanli) present for Al-
Lat's meeting as well. Like the players' characters,

these Storyteller characters are infiltrators sup-
plying AL-Lat with information.

The timing of getting these three spies to-
gether with Al-Lat and your characters, however,
might be a little tricky. Just make sure that the
Blood Court's meeting happens after the Infernal
Court's meeting and that there is enough time
between and after these meetings for the characters
(all of them who are involved) to lose any pursuit
they might have attracted and make their way to
The Kingdom.

discussion on just what to do with the kids who are in
the Marshall School right now

Lady Nasu claims that she is going to be at this
meeting strictly as an observer, but she welcomes the
company if the characters are willing to go along. With
that, the matter appears to be settled. Lady Al-Lat
informs the characters that she will be expecting an

invocation from them (or a simple cell-phone call if

they prefer) once they have checked out the Marshall
School grounds. Ifthe players have no further roleplaying
to do here, the meeting is adjourned.

Scene Ewe

(This scene is optional, and it is therefore not
integral to the flow of events that keeps Into the Fire
moving. It does not offer much in the way of opportu-
nities for active character involvement, as it is designed
more for passive observation. It does, however, provide
a little background into what is happening in Los
Angeles at the mortal political level. It also provides
some partial closure to the events of Suffer the Chil-
dren, as well as some hints for what is to come in The
Judas Kiss. Should your players or their characters not
be interested in this scene, though, you can simply have
one of the Storyteller characters who is in attendance
recap the important news ata later point during a lull in
inter-character interaction.)

Under entirely normal circumstances, this City
Council meeting might not be necessary. The story that
is circulating about what actually happened at the
Marshall School is that the new headmaster (one Henry
David Vandermeer) had instituted some sort of secre-
tive program in which he rewarded older and stronger
students of the school for repeatedly abusing younger
and weaker ones. Apparently, one of the school's coun-
selors (Ms. Mary Blacksmith) discovered this program
and would have exposed it except for the fact that she
died in a tragic car accident before she could do so. On
top of that, Los Angeles police and officers of the LA
County Sheriff's office have discovered evidence of
what could only be described as "occult demon-wor-
ship," which had been going on right on the school
grounds for who knows how long. Vandermeer and one
of the school's administrators are now deceased, Mary
Blackwell is dead, and any other damage characters who
played through Suffer the Children might have caused
has been reported as well.

All that being the case, and with the circumstances
in the City of Angels being anything but normal these
days, this story has actually attracted quite a great deal
of public attention. Reports of kidnapings all across the
United States, and in Los Angeles especially, have
conditioned the news-watching public to react with

63

64

strong emotions to any news item about children being
in danger. The supersaturation in the media of the
recent sighting of Lucifer over the LA skyline (however
people might be rationalizing it) has also conditioned
the public to glom onto stories with a supernatural or
spiritual bent. On a subconscious level, though, the
people of Los Angeles are simply becoming inured to a
seemingly endless parade of stories about the recent
earthquake and the subsequent riots, so they are search-
ing for a new hot story that does not affect them so
directly or tragically.

Regardless of the reasoning behind it, though, this
meeting is already packed and bustling when the
characters arrive. It is being held in the conference
center of a large hotel by necessity, since City Hall
itself (where this event might have otherwise taken
place) has been demolished by the earthquake. The
room has been arranged like an auditorium with the
attending City Council members, the Lieutenant
Mayor (Troy Daniels) and Deputy Jeff Black arranged
at its head. The first several ranks of provided seating
have been taken up by reporters from all media (and
their attendant camera crews), and what space is left
is filling with curious, demanding or infuriated locals
who have come for the show.

Several fallen are present at this gathering as well,
other than the players' characters. The most notable
ones among them include Fell Knight Ashur (as Jeff
Black), Lord Aglibol (as Councilman Jesus Arroya)
and Baphomel (as Lieutenant Mayor Troy Daniels).
Regardless of their affiliation, the characters are likely
to recognize these fallen by simple virtue of their being
such public figures in both mortal life and fallen
society. A less public figure whom the characters
might also recognize by reputation if not personal
acquaintance is Yigal (known to mortals as Mrs. Joyce
Allen). As the wife of one of the other councilmen,
she has used her influence in the past to support
programs for at-risk teens and to drum up support for
acharity known as the Terminal Children's Fund. Her
name has come up several times in discussions of both
demonic courts, as well as in passing among Al-Lat's
agents. Lady Nasu is here as well, but she will neither
approach nor acknowledge the characters in the inter-
est of maintaining secrecy.

As the characters arrive, find seats and take all of
this in, the actual meeting is getting started. Lieutenant
Mayor Daniels (a clean-cut, young American man of
vaguely Irish ancestry, with a flawless complexion and
neatly trimmed brown hair) opens the proceedings by
apologizing that the mayor himself could not be present
for reasons that probably ought to be obvious. He then
thanks everyone for coming, asks the visitors to hold
their questions for the moment and introduces Deputy

Fran to TREAD

Black. As Black, Ashur stands and gives an official
(which is to say, somewhat sanitized) statement on
what happened at the Marshall School, on how those
events were uncovered and on what steps were taken to
bring the perpetrators to justice. The official story on
the fate of Henry Vandermeer and Edward Harvey is
that they were killed by officers of the LAPD for
resisting arrest. (If Micky Pico survived your characters
version of Suffer the Children, Ashur adds that the
traumatized boy is in stable condition but remains ina
coma. Otherwise, he says that Micky was already dead
when the police arrived.)

After that report, Baphomel (as Daniels) takes
over the floor again. He says that the Marshall School
has been closed down and evacuated since the discov-
ery of what was going on, but it is no mystery that there
are still a great many kids who need to be cared for,
many of whom are more traumatized than ever. This
statement prompts the inevitable question from the
audience of where the kids and staff actually are now,
Daniels answers that for the time being, emergency
accommodation has been arranged with the local
YWCA. More serious juvenile offenders who had
been sentenced to attend the school by the courts have
been divided up between the Tri-County Area's other
juvenile-detention facilities, but such has not been
necessary for the majority of the teens in residence at
the Marshall School.

Exactly who has any authority over the fate and
future of these students is a matter of some discussion
at this point, as decisions have to made about the
short- and medium-term future of the school. The
State Board of Education has appointed a temporary
trustee by the name of Dominic Hill, and the first
actual order of business for the City Council is to
approve that decision.

Finally, the largest issue at hand is that of where
the funds are going to come from to fix this mess. Most
of the local government's money (as well as any federal
money that has been doled out to the city) is tied up in
rebuilding the damage inflicted by recent larger-scale
disasters. If the children of the Marshall School, how-
ever, are not simply to be recycled into the ailing
system and forgotten about, the school needs more
money to get back on its feet. It needs a new headmas-
ter and lead administrator, for one, as well as any
replacements to the security staff that the players'
characters' actions might have necessitated. The school
also needs a new and larger counseling and teaching
staff, but the costs associated with thoroughly check-
ing these people's backgrounds and actually paying
them has to come from somewhere.

In answer to these concerns, Daniels asks Joyce
Allen (AKA the demon Yigal) to come forward. She


Civprer TWO

comes to the front of the room and addresses the entire
crowd. First, she assures everyone that she and her
husband, the councilman, are dedicated to finding a
solution to this situation that is in the best interests of
the community and these poor victimized children. To
that end, she is helping to organize a coalition among
her own personal charities and other willing private
humanitarian organizations to see that these kids are
taken care of. For instance, Annette Demilenko of the
Blind Samaritan Foundation has already agreed to be a
part of this effort. With a little more support, she says,
her coalition can finally give these kids the correction,
education and counseling that the system has thus far
failed to provide them.

The crowd responds favorably to Yigal's promises,
and the emotional resonance of the meeting takes on a
relieved, hopeful tenor. The only sticking point seems
to be that of who is responsible for protecting the
community from what danger the displaced students of
the Marshall School might pose now that they are no
longer under lock and key on the school grounds. Ashur
answers that although the Sheriff's Department and the
LAPD are still stretched very thin keeping order in the
wake of Devil's Night, some officers are still on hand at
the YWCA for safety's sake. From that point on, the
meeting devolves into a discussion of the same old
topics that have been on the people's mind since Devil's
Night (escalations of racial and gang violence, the
progress of the rebuilding efforts, the Red Cross's criti-
cal shortage of blood on reserve and so on), and the issue
of the Marshall School is tabled. Not long afterward,
the Lieutenant Mayor announces that the he and the
councilors all have to get back to work on those very
issues, and the meeting draws to a close.

Scene FHREE

It stands to reason at this point that your players'
characters will want to jump right into their investiga-
tion of the grounds of the Marshall School for Troubled
Teens (especially if they just sat through all that recap-
ping without having much to add). If they played
through Suffer the Children and they want to follow up
on the welfare of the children they might have met
there, though, (or if they're just especially thorough
investigators), they might want to check out the situa-
tion at the Young Women's Christian Association
building where the better-behaved children from the
school are being temporarily housed.

THEUWCA

Ifthe characters head for the YWCA first, they find
itstuck in amid industrial office buildings and low-rent
apartment complexes. The building is a squat concrete

structure with a parking lot, an outdoor basketball court
and a fenced-in playground behind it. The back and
sides of the building have been tagged and decorated by
overlapping works of graffiti art, many of which show
strong religious overtones in the wake of Devil's Night
Several police cars are parked in the lot, and uniformed
officers are swaggering around, making a show of watch-
ing over the kids housed at the center.

As the characters approach, a brown sedan passes
them on its way away from the center. If the characters
played through Suffer the Children, have the players
roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 8). If they suc-
ceed, point out that this car is the same make and model
as the one that was being turned away from the gate of
the Marshall School at the end of their first visit there.
If you don't want to tip your hand that the sighting is
more than a mere coincidence, though, (which it cer-
tainly is) don't make them roll. Just mention the car
offhand, and make a mental note that it was there.

Inside, the place is packed to the gills with teenag-
ers of all ages and only a couple of handfuls of adults
(many of whom look harried unto exhaustion at this
point). If the characters do not especially look like
dangerous weirdoes, they can walk around the recre-
ational center and ask questions of the staff and students
(which nets them the following information). If the
characters played through Suffer the Children and
interacted favorably with the character Alicia Rhowes,
they can also seek her out and get from her a broad
overview of recent events. Regardless, the information
that can be gathered from the YWCA is as follows:

* After being housed here, some of the teens
decided to take their chances on their own and slipped
away through the center's crack security net. The local
police who are on hand have made some half-hearted
efforts to find these strays, and a few teachers with a
modicum of streetwise have made their own inquiries.
None of the runaways have been returned.

* Although many members of the staff (both of the
YWCA and from the Marshall School) have good
intentions, they are finding it difficult to understand
their current predicament. There is a lot of mistrust,
resentment and fear being repressed, and people are
trying to work out exactly what went wrong and who is
liable to take the blame.

* Nobody is really happy about this temporary
housing arrangement, but most of the students (aside
from the runaways) are still too shocked to complain
more than the token amount.

¢ Maxwell Harris's "trusties" — those older stu-
dents responsible for most of the abuse heaped on the
younger ones at the former headmaster's behest — have
allrun away. Maxwell Harris himself has been inconsol-
able since Headmaster Vandermeer's "abandonment"


of him. He sits quietly on his cot most of the time and
cannot be persuaded to talk.

¢ A lady named Joyce Allen (from the previous
scene) has been making semi-regular visits to the YWCA
recreational center to check up on the kids and to talk
to the Marshall School staff. Sometimes, she comes
with reporters and seems to be milking the spotlight;
other times, she arrives alone and seems more genuinely
concerned with the children's plight.

* A short time into this temporary accommod
tion, a blazing row broke out between two students
and a teacher, with shouting and intimations of
violence on both sides. This event has increased the
overall tension among the students and staff. Wor-
tied about the backlash should such an event reaching
the news, Dominic Hill has fired the teacher. Whether
because of this incident or because of a mounting
turnover rate among the staff, anew teacher has since
appeared. Her name is Karen Waites, and she pitches
in and cheerfully helps out as best she can with more
than a little nervous energy. If the characters ask to
speak to her, she is unavailable at present. In fact, she
coincidentally left not too long before the characters
showed up (in the brown sedan the characters no-
ticed, for your reference)

->T* = aad = ¥

THE OLD SCHOOL GROUNDS
Once the characters' visit to the YWCA recre-

ational center is over — or in lieu of it, ifthe characters

Fear to TREAD

did not think to or want to check it out — they make
their way over to the grounds of the Marshall School for
Troubled Teens in order to get on with their actual
investigation. The place is a shell of its former self, but
it is still a fairly forbidding structure. Stuck between a
storage-space rental facility and an electrical substa-
tion, with concrete noise-breakers between it and the
freeway, the building appears only cosmetically differ-
ent now from the factory it was originally designed tobe.
Ithas a brooding, haunted look to it, even though ithas
only been shut down a relatively short time

The place is now devoid of on-staff security guards,
and there is no police presence to speak of, so getting
into the grounds shouldn't be much of a problem. The
front gate has been cursorily garlanded in yellow crime-
scene tape, and it has been locked by a padlock and
chain for the time being, but demonic trespassersshould
not find these obstacles insurmountable. The grounds
and the main block of the school appear here exactly as
they are described in the "Grounds and Layout" section
of Suffer the Children, so refer to that chapter and the
maps therein for appropriate descriptions. The only
major differences to note for your players include how
empty and lifeless the place feels and the fact that both
the front door leading into the school and the door
leading into the brickworks have been crisscrossed with
more yellow police tape.

If your players went through Suffer the Children
— or if they did not but they received specific details


Crvprer TWo

in Scene One from those characters who did — they
will likely head straight for the brickworks. If they
choose to check out the inside of the school, though,
refer again to the description of the interior provided
in Chapter One. Everything listed there is still pretty
much in the same condition nowas it was then, except
for the fact that the power has been switched off and
the electronic locks no longer work. (Investigators
from the LAPD performed a very hurried, slapdash
investigation, it seems.) The only glaring exception
here is that Headmaster Vandermeer's private quar-
ters have been separately marked with crime-scene
tape. Inside, the room has been pored over much more
carefully and practically coated with fingerprint dust.
Of especial interest, it seems, was the cabinet by the
headmaster's bed in which, according to Suffer the
Children, Micky Pico was kept imprisoned after
Headmaster Vandermeer had him removed from the
infirmary. A successful Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 8) reveals to one's character's fallen senses
that this piece of furniture caused and therefore ab-
sorbed a great deal of psychological trauma — more
than any one child could possibly handle.

It is the brickworks on the corner of the school
grounds, however, that is most likely to be the focus of
the characters' attention. According to their firsthand
experience (or secondhand information), it was there
that Headmaster Vandermeer performed his ceremo-
nies of obeisance to Enshagkushanna, so it is that place
that should resonate most strongly with the infernal
taint of those actions. It doesn't take long, though, for
the characters' attunement to the supernatural to clue
them in to the fact that something is not as it should be
here. Instead of a permeating sense of dread infernal
power (which the structure emanated before), the char-
acters sense something else as they move toward the old
brickworks — a feeling that is like nothing they have
experienced in their progress thus far. They can detect
no signs whatsoever of Enshagkushanna's lingering
essence within 50 yards or so of the area — this new
feeling seems to have banished it somehow. Within
another 25 yards of the structure, the characters find it
more and more difficult to proceed, until, at the outside
limit of 10 yards, they can come no closer at all.
Regardless of what the characters try, they cannot force
themselves to pass within a radius of 10 yards from the
structure. There is no sensation of pressure, energy or
added weight, they just cannot make their muscles
move. They can not even bring themselves to run, jump
oreven fly into this protected area. With a successful
Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 9 this time) by
their players, the characters get that although all de-
monic taint has been erased from this place, something
still does not want them getting inside. Eventually

(likely when the players get bored of being barred),
they'll have to call off the investigation and leave for
the time being.

AN UNEXPECTED VISITOR

Before the characters can leave, however, a figure
approaches them, seeming to materialize out of anearby
shadow. This figure is a woman of average height, with
skin that displays an unfortunate tendency to break out
in unflattering splotches. Her dark brown hair is drawn.
back in a short ponytail, and she is wearing a blue
flannel shirt over dark blue jeans. She lights up a
cigarette and introduces herself as Sylvia Sarah Woods,
areporter from The Philadelphia Inquirer on long assign-
ment in LA. She then adds in a conspiratorial whisper,
"But my real name is Manat to fallen brothers in arms,
as you appear to be. Don't use it lightly."

In response to subsequent roleplaying — or merely
by virtue of her garrulous nature — she explains that
she too has come to the Marshall School to investi-
gate the reports in the news of evidence of "occult
demon-worship" that have arisen in connection to
the greater events surrounding the school. As both a
reporter and a Luciferan, she was hoping to find some
connection between what apparently happened here
and the sighting of Lucifer in the LA sky. She has
found no direct correlation as of yet, but she found it
suspicious that the LAPD seemed to be in an especial
hurry to finish its investigation and close down the
school (even temporarily).

What really piqued her interest, though, she tells
the characters, is what happened the same night that
the police pulled up stakes and went on about their
other business. As she watched from a hidden vantage
point, a brown sedan pulled up via the service drive
and parked. Three humans (two men and a woman)
then climbed out of the car and took great pains to get
over the fence and onto the school grounds. Once they
had made their way in, these people wandered the
grounds furtively, as if they were searching for some-
thing but did not quite know what that might be.
When they got near the brickworks, though, they
made a beeline right for it and disappeared inside.
They emerged more than an hour later, looking grim
and exhausted (rather than sweaty, jubilant and ex-
hausted as they ought to have been if they had snuck
into the deserted brickworks for some illicit carnal
purpose). They then returned directly to their car and
drove away, leading Manat to assume that they had
done whatever they had come to do.

Curious as to what the three people had been up
to, Manat had crept down to the brickworks, only to
find her way supernaturally barred. A little confused
but very surprised, she then decided to stake the place


out and see if those humans came back to finish up
what they had started (or if other demons showed up
to investigate and found themselves similarly frus-
trated). When she saw the characters having the same
problem getting into the brickworks that she had been
having, she took the chance to introduce herself to
them and see if they had any better idea what might be
going on than she did.

This point would be an ideal one at which the
characters could engage in a little hasty recapping of
their own in the interests of exchanging information.
Should they be willing to do so, Manat is thrilled, and
she goes into more detail about what she saw. Of
course, she will do so anyway if the characters appear
interested in what she has to say and ask her the right
questions. She gives a description of the car in which
the humans arrived, and it matches that of the car the
characters might have noticed either at the YWCA or
previously being turned away from the Marshall School
in the last story. (She is also able to provide that car's
license-plate number.) Furthermore, she is able to give
the characters a relatively clear description of the
three humans she saw. One of the men was a gauntand
weather-beaten fellow with longish fair hair and a
moustache. The other was is a burly man in his early
30s, with ruddy skin and a full head of curly black hair.
The woman was a lady of average height, roughly in
her mid-40s with a trim figure and dark hair. Manat
didn't catch any names, of course, but the gaunt man.
lost his grip climbing down from the fence and cursed
with a noticeably British accent

Once this exchange has died down, Manat states
that she intends to remain near the Marshall School a
while longer and see if anything else interesting turns
up. She is not under any sort of time constraint (other
than her own patience), so getting to the bottom of the
story is not a pressing matter for her. She thanks the
characters for whatever information they might have
given her and apologizes for keeping them as longas she
has when they were obviously on their way somewhere
else. She wishes them luck in their investigation and
lets them know that she's willing to share information
in the future if the characters are inclined to work with
her again. She then exchanges contact information
with them (provided they're willing) in order to facili-
tate that proposed sharing. Afterward, as the characters
leave, she returns to her hidden vantage point and
continues to wait.

ScENE Four

Regardless of which of the three organizations
that are vying for dominance in the City of Angels it
was that set the players' characters' involvement in

Fearvo TREAD

this story in motion (or requested that they continue
their involvement, if the characters participated in
Suffer the Children), the characters have been asked
to report in to their superiors now that they have
completed their initial survey of the grounds of the
Marshall School for Troubled Teens. Even if they are
not acting under any semblance of strict orders, it
might behoove the characters to do so regardless, as
neither they nor their superiors likely foresaw this new
wrinkle in the situation that has been revealed to them
by the demon Manat. Whether the characters choose
to tell their superiors what they have discovered thus
far by invocation, cellular phone or face to face makes
little difference, as their superiors' subsequent orders
will be more or less the same. The variable factor lies
in which organization they report to.

Characters who support the Infernal Court of Los
Angeles actually have the toughest time making their
report. Baroness Kishar, Lord Chenrezig, Lord Vohu
Mano and Fell Knight Guanli are unresponsive, regard-
less of how the characters attempt to get in touch with
them. Spentu Mainyu answers invocations and/or cel-
lular-phone calls promptly, but before the characters
start talking, he tells them that he can not be of much
immediate help. He then suggests that they contact
Lord Aglibol, whom he feels is still largely responsible
for this situation. The characters are, in fact, able to
contact Lord Aglibol, who either talks to them re-
motely with an opening sigh of resignation or grudgingly
agrees to meet them at the Huntington Library in the
same garden at which they met before.

In the exchange that follows (however it happens
to take place), Aglibol will summarize the events of
the public City Council meeting if the characters
show any interest in that topic. In return, he shows a
great deal of interest in what the characters discovered
at the Marshall School. The idea that humans have
discovered the power and means of warding places
against the advance of demons is one that many
demons are still struggling to get used to, and Aglibol
seems particularly dumbstruck by the idea. He ques-
tions the characters intensively about what Manat
told them, interrupting their dialogue occasionally
with such interjections as, "I was afraid we'd given
them too much too quickly in the Garden," and,
"Surely, the Morningstar never meant for these beings
to have such power over us."

When the subject of the intrusive mortals' de-
scriptions and particularly their car's license-plate
number comes up, Aglibol takes especial note of itand
vows to work with Fell Knight Guanli and have a
contact in the police department see what he can find
out. If the characters visited the YWCA where the
children from the Marshall School are being housed


Civprer Two

and they noticed the brown sedan leaving with the
school's new temporary staff member in it, they might
also mention as much to Aglibol. If they do, he adds
this information to the list of things to have his and
Guanli's contact in the police department check out.
In the meantime, he says, he wants the characters to
keep looking into these mortals' whereabouts. He
wants them found, and he wants them brought before
the court so that his fellow ministers can assess what
tisk they might present to Los Angeles' fallen commu-
nity. He tells them that he will get in touch with them
once the results of the background check are in and
suggests that they might want to begin their search at
some of the occult bookshops in the area, in lieu of any
place better to start.

Characters who support the Blood Court have
more immediate luck contacting their superiors. Lady
Anat responds right away but tells them that she is
busy and that they should speak to Lady Nasu right
away. Lady Nasu responds quickly as well, but she
admits that she does not feel comfortable talking via
phone or invocation about this. She arranges to meet
the characters either at the Vertigo Coffeehouse,
where the Blood Court met previously, or at a site of
their choosing. When everyone arrives at the location
of choice, Lady Nasu begins by telling them about how
the public City Council meeting went (regardless of
whether the characters ask or show any interest). She
then turns the meeting over to them and listens with
rapt attention as they tell her what they have discov-
ered thus far.

She seems far more intrigued than disturbed or
frightened by the notion that these mortals the charac-
tersare telling her about might have some occult power
over demons. In fact, she demands that they relocate
this meeting to the grounds of the Marshall School so
that she can see this effect in action herself. Upon their
subsequent arrival there, she heads straight for the
brickworks and is forced to stop short, just as the
characters were. (The demon Manat does not reappear
during this visitation, nor does she respond to attempts
to contact her.)

Intrigued by the unusual effect the mortals' efforts
are having on her and the characters, Lady Nasu com-
mands the characters to tell her everything that they
know about the mortals in question. She commends
them on their attention to detail (especially if they tell
her the descriptions of the mortals and the license-plate
number of their car, as revealed by Manat) and states
offhand that she would like to meet this Manat at some
pointas well. She then asks the characters to forgo their
investigation of the events surrounding the Marshall
School and direct their efforts to locating these myste-
tious mortals instead. Fell Knight Ravana has a helpful

contact in the Los Angeles Police Department who
might be able to help out with the license plate, Lady
Nasu tells them, and she herself has street contacts who
might be able help in a physical search.

In the meantime, she recommends that the char-
acters check out a place called the Inner Circle
Bookshop. That place is owned and operated, she
tells them, by a demon answering to the mortal name
of Israel Arcella. (She is hesitant to give another
fallen's Celestial Name without his permission, she
explains somewhat apologetically.) If these mortals
are as schooled in the occult as the effect they've
wrought seems to indicate (and they are locals), it is
possible that they have made themselves known
among the small community of local esoteric book-
sellers. And even if these mortals have not come into
Arcella's shop itself, Arcella might be able to help
the characters find another shop that the mortals
have visited. After all, while Arcella might not have
the best selection of truly useful arcane material, he
is well connected enough to point the characters in
the right direction.

Characters who are Cryptic agents of Al-Lat have
more or less the same experience as ones who support
the Blood Court. The only difference is that Lady Al-
Lat is the one who directs them to get in contact with
Lady Nasu. (Neither Chenrezig nor Guanli respond to
attempts to get into contact with them.) Lady Nasu's
interaction with the characters proceeds just as it does
in the previous text, except that instead of bringing up
Fell Knight Ravana's name in connection with the Los
Angeles Police Department, she refers to Fell Knight
Guanlias the fallen with the potentially helpful contact
therein. She ends the meeting the same way, though, by
recommending that the characters speak to Israel Arcella
at the Inner Circle Bookshop.

(Note: If any of your players' characters have con-
tacts or allies within the police department themselves
— or if they have contacted Fell Knight Ashur at the
LA County Sheriff's Department — do not discourage
them from having those alternative contacts check out
the mortals' license-plate number and background. Just
make sure that the information comes to the characters
at the dramatically appropriate moment in the story,
regardless of where it comes from.)

‘THe Munters Huxrep

While a scene is technically a sequence of events
that occurs at a single location, this "scene" stretches
over several locations as the characters follow a trail of
clues in search of their mysterious mortal quarry. Not
every single step on this trail is absolutely essential, but

following them all provides a variety of roleplaying
opportunities and gives your players' characters plenty


of chances to make the proceeding logical steps without
having to be led by the nose by a Storyteller character.

Keep in mind also that these guidelines for finding
out about the mortals' activities and whereabouts are
the baseline efforts that regular human beings might
employ. Clever fallen angels can probably think of
ways to use their evocations to shortcut some of this
work and skip around in the story. Should they man-
age to do so, feel free to skip around in this chapter
yourself and pick out the information that the charac-
ters have discovered.

THrdOCaA

If the characters visited the YWCA recreational
center in the earlier scene and made the connection
between the new woman on staff there and the mortals
seen at the Marshall School, they might wish to head
back to the YWCA and stake the place out against the
new staffer's return. Or, if they did not visit the center
before, they might think to do so now in hopes that the
mortals who took action at the Marshall School might
show up at the YWCA to ward it similarly against
demonic intrusion. (If the latter is the case, you might
want to run the first half of Scene Three — leaving out
the part about the sedan and Karen Waites having just
left — in order to disseminate the information that can
be had there before frustrating the characters with it in
just a moment.)

For the time being, neither the brown sedan nor
Karen Waites (the new staff member) are going to show
back up at the YWCA while it is under the characters'
surveillance. The place has not been warded against
demons, but neither has Ms. Waites nor the brown
sedan been back here since the characters last had a
chance to see it. To make matters worse, the personnel
records of all the new volunteers and staffers who have
been helping out since the Marshall School was tempo-
rarily shut down have been misplaced in the chaos that
the YWCA has become here lately. Unfortunately, the
YWCA is a dead end for the characters.

‘Trt INNER CincLE BooksHop

The characters' visit to the Inner Circle Bookshop
s less disappointing, although it is not immediately
fruitful either. The characters find it on the outskirts of
downtown LA, wedged into a shopping center between
a fabric store and a barbershop. Miraculously, the place
was not destroyed by the earthquake, but it did not fare
quite as well in the ensuing Devil's Night Riots. The
grocery store that used to be the shopping center's
anchor has been burned out and closed down, as has the
pharmacy next door to it. The shops farther away from
the grocery have fared better, but all of them have had
windows and glass doors smashed, and only about half
of them have had the time or money to do more by way

Fear to TREAD

of repair than to affix wood or plastic over the gaping
wounds. The Inner Circle's front window is gone and
replaced with lumber, but the sign on the door says that
the shop is still open for busines:

Inside, the bookshop is in relatively good repair.
The wooden sheet over the window has been turned
into an impromptu bulletin board, and rather cheap-
looking particle-board shelves hold and display those of
the shop's wares that likely used to rest in less shabby
showcases before the riot. The place is about one
quarter full of customers at present, most of whom are
young female goth-wannabes in a cluster around the
man behind the cash register. That man isa tall, lanky
fellow with a pencil-thin mustache beneath an aquiline
nose, and he is entertaining his groupies with a story
about how the Bible's Cain killed his brother, Abel, not
out of jealousy, but as a heartfelt sacrifice toa God, who
turned out to be harder to please than Cain could have
guessed. The girls are hanging on his every word —
although some of the other customers are rolling their
eyes at this revisionist apology for the first murder —
and it jars them when he breaks off mid-sentence to
welcome the customers to his store.

How the characters broach the subject of why they
are here is up to them. They could either approach
Arcella straightaway and start asking him questions or
wait until he's finished with his theosophical conjec-
ture and is no longer surrounded by black-clad young
women. In either case, he responds right away when
the characters mention that they were sent by either
Lady Nasu or "Old Tilda" (which is Lady Nasu's mortal
host's name). If the characters are investigating on
behalf of the Infernal Court and they manage to pick
up on the fact that he is more than a mere mortal, all
they have to do is subtly imply that they are as well in
order to get him talking. (Beyond those possibilities,
giving the appearance of being willing to spend a
worthwhile amount of money in his store will grease
the wheels just as easily.) However they do it, the
characters catch Arcella's interest and inspire him to
invite them back into his specialty section of the store
to talk with somewhat more privacy. That specialty
section is basically a dusty storeroom that is stacked
wall-to-wall with creaking shelves of old books. Itis lit
by a single fluorescent rectangle and furnished with a
wooden kitchen table and two chairs. A few books are
already out and open on this table, and as the charac-
ters begin to ask questions, he reshelves those books
and tells them what he knows.

He admits that he can not help them where the car
in question is concerned. He takes the bus to and from.
home, and he cannot see out of the front of his store
during business hours until his window is replaced, so if
the brown sedan the characters are looking for has been


CnapTer Two

near his shop, he has not noticed it. He does remember
dealing with a few people matching the mortals' de-
scription (as the characters relate them) not very long
ago — though it was definitely after they were seen at
the Marshall School. He says that the two men did most
of the talking, and between them, it was mostly the
burly one in his 30s. They came in looking tired but a
little nervous right before closing time one evening,
asking him questions about this odd diagram that they
had drawn crudely ona sheet of paper. They would not
say where they had seen this diagram, but they wanted
to know if he (Arcella) knew what it represented or
what it could be used for.

He had told them that it looked like a poorly
drawn summoning circle with aspects of a binding
pattern layered on top of it, with which one could
supposedly summon a spirit and try to make it do
something. They had then plied him with plenty of
other questions, none of which he could answer with-
out seeing the original or knowing where they had
come across it. Eventually, they had become so agi-
tated and uncooperative that Arcella had
recommended that they make an appointment to stop
in at a place called Rare and Arcane Texts, run by a
man who calls himself Bob Johnson. If Arcella and the
characters have hit it off, he confides in them that he
only did it because he does not especially like Bob
Johnson and the visitors were starting to get on his
nerves. (If he and the characters have developed a real
rapport and he knows that they are fallen, he also
confides that his Celestial Name is Meonenim and
that "Bob Johnson's" Celestial Name is actually
Irush'bal — although he did not tell his three visitors
any such thing.) Then, having nothing more to add,
he wishes the characters good luck finding what they
are after. He also encourages them to buy something
before they leave if they haven't done so already.

Rank AND ARCANE TEATS

Making an appointment to visit Rare and Ar-
cane Texts is not especially difficult. If the characters
have enough information to invoke Irush'bal, he sets
up the appointment as a matter of "professional
courtesy" among fallen. If the characters are mem-
bers of the Infernal Court of Los Angeles or Cryptic
agents of Al-Lat (regardless of whether they invoke
him or call his shop on the phone), he tells them that
he is aware of their investigation through Lord
Chenrezig and that he would be happy to speak to
them. Otherwise, simply mentioning that Israel
Arcella recommended him to them is enough to get
them an appointment to talk — although, admit-
tedly, Mr. Arcella's last recommendation turned out
to be more of an annoying distraction than his (i-e.,
Mr. Johnson's) time was worth.

Regardless, Bob Johnson greets the characters in
the tiny reception area of his small shop when they
arrive and ushers them into his private office. Johnson
is a tall, severe man with thin, black hair that hangs
halfway to his shoulders. He sports a thin moustache
anda Vandyke beard, and a pair of wire-rimmed reading
glasses perches on his nose. His demeanor is reflected in
his tastefully decorated office, which is dominated by a
large mahogany desk. Johnson sits on one side, across
from as many chairs as there are characters in atten-
dance (provided the character who made the
appointment mentioned how many people would be
showing up).

Ifhe knows of the characters through Lord Chenrezig
— whom he admits he works for on occasion, though
not in an official court capacity — he casually inquires
about the progress of their investigation. He does not
press the issue if the characters are reluctant to discuss
it. Ifhe does not know them (or once the small talk has
died down), he asks them what they wanted to speak to
him about. As soon as the characters bring up the three
mortals whom Israel Arcella sent them to him to ask
about, Johnson's expression becomes one of mingled
recognition and haughty contempt.

He confirms that he did meet those people and that
they did arrive in the four-door brown sedan that the
characters describe. He admits that he was wary about
making the appointment, but Arcella had recommended
him to them, and the man who called on their behalf
had a British accent that Johnson mistook for a sign of
good breeding. No sooner had Johnson welcomed them
into this very office, though, than the two men started
asking all sorts of questions about subjects that he did
not feel comfortable discussing — namely demon-
worship, summoning circles, binding rituals and newly
emerging warding practices.

The final straw, though, had come when the En-
glishman (one Lawrence Barber) had shown Johnson
the supposed summoning circle that he and his cohorts
had hastily sketched out. When the Englishman turned
the piece of paper over to him, Johnson had taken one
look at it and turned the three of them out of his
establishment at once. It was not that the diagram had
any power in it or signified anything especially dire. In
fact, it was so crudely drawn and out of scale that it
scarcely resembled a summoning or binding circle at all.
No, the reason it evoked Mister Johnson's ire is that the
diagram was drawn on the back of a yellow credit card
receipt from a place called Club Dante. Knowing full
well what type of place Club Dante is, Johnson was able
to form an educated guess as to what type of person this
Englishman was for having gone there—and what kind
of people his associates must be for seeking out his
company. As Johnson did not need that ilk lowering the


tone of his establishment, he sent them away without
offering them any further help.

Mister Johnson has nothing of any further use for
the players' characters' investigation, so if they have no
further roleplaying use for him, he wishes them well and
sends them on their way. Unfortunately, no one in any
of the other few occult bookshops that are still in
business in Los Angeles can remember having seen or
encountered "Lawrence Barber," "Karen Waites" or any
other mortals matching the description the characters
give. Therefore, in lieu of waiting for (or asking for) an
update from their superiors, the characters' only imme-
diate avenue of inquiry is to visit this Club Dante and
see if anyone there remembers seeing who the charac-
ters are looking for.

Cuop DANTE

Located in Westwood, near UCLA, Club Dante is
one of Los Angeles' more specialized venues, at least
that allows people in off the street and is still in business
after Devil's Night. It opens nightly with a mix of
hardcore house music, and features a

industrial and
sadomasochistic stage shows twice a week. Itis literally
underground, reached by a flight of stairs at the back of
a building that houses a scuba-gear warehouse.

The stairwell down into the club is completely
black, and at the bottom are brazen double doors

Fearn 10 TREAD

surmounted by the legend: Abandon all hope, ye who
enter here.

The layout of the place is simply a large, rectan-
gular brick cellar, the walls, ceiling and fittings of
which are all painted black. At one end is the bar and
swinging doors leading to the manager's office and
staff room. The bar is surrounded by clusters of high
tables and stools, most of which are taken when the
characters arrive. At the other end of the room is a
stage, and further on isa set of doors leading to unisex
toilets. An even further door through this passage-
way constitutes the fire exit, which leads into a
deep-cut alley. The DJ is set up in one of a series of
alcoves in the long wall, and the other alcoves con-
tain manacles and red or blue spotlights. Large video
screens hang from abov

During the night, the place is packed with people,
especially if it's a show night. The music is loud and
oppressive but not too loud to talk through. None of
the random patrons are in any particular mood to talk,
as they are too busy either drinking themselves into a
stupor or watching a dominatrix named "Mistress
Scarlit" lash some poor ball-gagged fool intoa sobbing,
rapturous mess up on the stage with a cat-o'-nine-tails,
The bartender is willing to answer questions, though,
as long as the characters are buying drinks. When
asked, he tells them that he does indeed remember an


Carrer Two

Englishman matching the characters' given descrip-
tion hanging around several nights ago. The guy called
himself Lou and really seemed to enjoy Mistress Scarlit's
show more and more the more he had to drink. Yes, the
guy paid for his drinks on a credit card, and as a matter
of fact, he puta round for everyone bellied up to the bar
with him on that card. (In point of fact, the English
guy was so drunk when he signed the receipt that he
forgot to leave a tip or total up the tab — which the
bartender will confide if the characters have bribed
him to answer their questions. Fortunately, the bar-
tender remembered to take care of it for him once the
guy was gone.) The guy puked up his guts in the
bathroom a little while later, then staggered out the
front door, presumably on his way home. He has not
been back since.

The only thing that this bartender has to offer
that might be of any use to the characters' investiga
tion at this point is the Englishman's credit card
receipt (which has the man's credit-card number on
it). He is not just going to offer it to the characters,
though, without them offering some sort of appropri-
ate incentive first. They might be able to intimidate
him into being helpful by convincing him that they
are authority figures in the midst of an official inves-
tigation (which will be tricky without proof of the
same). They could also inspire his generosity with an
expression of their own (to the tune of no less than
$100). Finally, an appropriate or clever evocation
might help out as well.

Success

Eventually (whether you have skipped directly
to this part from the very beginning of Scene Four to
save time or you have played through each of the
intervening mini-scenes as the characters pursued
their investigation), the characters' immediate supe-
rior of their fallen affiliation gets back in touch with
them via invocation. That superior (be it Lord Aglibol
or Lady Nasu as it follows from earlier in the scene)
first asks for a progress report, then listens to the
characters' recounting of recent events and adds
appropriate praise or expressions of concern where
such would be appropriate according to how your
characters conducted themselves. When that initial
exchange is over, you should tailor the characters'
superior's news according to whether or not the
characters managed to find the credit-card number at
Club Dante. One option keeps the story skipping
along apace, but it takes some of the work out of the
players' hands. The other takes a little longer, but it
validates the characters' work up to this point.

If the characters did not end up with Lawrence
Barber's credit-card number, have their superior tell

them that the LAPD contact he (or she) spoke of
earlier was able to run the license-plate number they
received from Manat. As it turns out, that car was a
rental vehicle that had been rented out to one Stanley
McIntyre. His credit-card number was on file at the
rental agency, and its record showed that it had also
been used to rent a room at a Super 8 motel by the
highway just outside of town. Since the car has not yet
been returned or reported stolen, it stands to reason
that the characters might still be able to find it there
(as well as the people who rented it) if they hurry. The
superior tells them that he (or she) wants them to go
and find out if the mortals are still there, then report
back for further instructions. Then, move the story
along to Scene Five.

If the characters did do all the work to uncover
Lawrence Barber's credit card number, though,
change up the details a little. Have their superior
tell them that according to the license-plate num-
ber they provided, the brown sedan they have been
looking for is registered to one Tony Gibson, who
died several years ago without ever selling the car.
Its insurance policy lists the late Mister Gibson's
wife, Koruna, as the secondary driver, but for some
reason, the title was never transferred to her. For
the moment, the car looks like a dead end because
there has been no answer at the last known phone
number of Koruna Gibson.

When that news comes out, the characters should
turn over the credit-card number they have uncovered
(if they have not done so already). A little lag time will
need to occur at this point so that the characters'
superior can take that number (which he or she remarks
will likely be much more helpful) to his or her police
contact. When that time elapses, the superior gets back
in touch with the characters with better news. The
characters learn that not only was this card used to help
impoverish one Lawrence Barber at Club Dante, it was
also used to rent a room at a Super 8 motel by the
highway just outside of town. That is likely where
Mister Barber is staying (and possibly his two accom-
plices as well), and thanks to the characters quick and
diligent work, they just might be able to find them all
there. The superior tells them that he (or she) wants
them togoand find out if the mortals are still there, then
report back for further instructions. Then, youcan move
‘on to Scene Five.

(If the characters came across the name Karen
Waites at the YWCA and mentioned it to their superi-
orsin the early stages of the investigation, the higher-up
informs them that he [or she] could find no official
documentation on anyone by that name who has any
reasonable connection to the Marshall School, the
YWCA or even the brown sedan. It is mostly likely a


4

pseudonym, the superior suggests, for the woman that
Manat saw sneaking around with the two men on the
school's grounds.)

Scene Five

The first order of business in this scene is to
determine whether or not these three mortals for
whom the characters are searching are actually at the
location that the characters' gathered evidence has
indicated. They are supposedly holed up in a Super 8
motel outside of town, but at least one of them has a
temporary job with the displaced staff of the Marshall
School, and another has exhibited traceable spend-
ing habits elsewhere in the city. The characters,
therefore, have the option of staking out places that
they think the mortals might show up and trailing
them back to their base of operations that way or
risking tipping the mortals off by just showing up at
their suspected base of operations and taking action
based on what they learn there.

Should the characters try staking locations out for
surveillance purposes, they are likely to be disappointed.
The woman using the name "Karen Waites" does not
return to the YWCA or contact any member of the staff
about her refusal to do so. Some of the children who had
grown fond of "Ms. Waites" are worried that something
might have happened to her, but they have no actual
evidence to support this vague, formless fear. Members
of the staff are more pragmatic. Doing this job in this
city these days after everything that has happened is
tough, they say. It does not surprise them that "Karen"
did not have the stamina to keep up with all of the hard
work, especially with these being the circumstances of
her first exposure to the job. Frankly, they do not expect
to ever see her again.

Checking out the Marshall School in the hopes
that the mortals come back to check on their handi-
work is equally fruitless. The demon Manat is there
when the characters arrive, and she informs them
that, as far as she knows, no one has been back to the
school since the last time she spoke to them. If the
characters are feeling chatty, she asks them about the
progress of their investigation and if they have learned
anything interesting that they might be willing to
share. Whether or not they comply, she complains
that she has not been able to come up with anything
worthy of note since her police contact has been slow
to get back to her with any information about the
license-plate number she gave him. She seems re-
signed to wait, though, and she turns down the first
invitation the characters might extend to join them
in their investigation. (Subsequentattempts to change
her mind might work, depending on how you as the

Fear 10 TREAD

Storyteller feel about adding her into the rest of this
scene.) Should the characters then decide to test out
the efficacy of the effect that is keeping them out of
the brickworks, they find that it works just as well as
ever, halting their progress at a minimum 10 yards
from the structure.

Your characters might also think to check with
their superiors regarding the spending patterns of the
credit card that came up either in conjunction with
the license-plate number that Manat gave them or as
a result of their further investigation. If you have
determined that the card belongs to Stanley McIntyre,
the last several applicable charges to the card reveal
nothing out of the ordinary. The deposit for the car
rental shows up, as does the deposit for the rental of
the motel room. The only other recent charges come
courtesy of a couple of gas stations, a grocery store in
town anda convenience store. Should the characters
map out the locations of these places, they will find
that the stores and gas stations are all within about 10
or 15 minutes (by car, that is) of the Super 8 where
the mortals are supposedly staying. If you have de-
cided as a result of your characters' investigative
efforts that the card in question belongs to Lawrence
"Lou" Barber, the expense record is not all that
different. The deposit for the car is not listed, but the
one for the room is, as are the charges at the grocery
store, the gas stations and the convenience store, as
well asan outrageously inflated charge at Club Dante
for the night on which the bartender at the club said
that Lou came in. The only other charge of note is
one from a local gun shop for two boxes of .357
magnum bullets.

Should the characters decide to visit or stake out
any of those locations, they will find themselves simi-
larly frustrated. The mortals do not return to any of
them while the characters wait and watch. The em-
ployees inside, likewise, do not remember having seen
any of the mortals in question inside their establish-
ments, but then again, they hardly pay attention to
average, everyday customers anyway. What is more,
the longer the characters decide to wait before getting
back in touch with their superiors, the more anxious
and impatient their superiors are likely to become. If
more than one day goes by while the characters are
staking out these extraneous locations, they receive an
invocation from their immediate superior demanding
a progress report. An update on what the characters
are doing will garner some strained praise, followed by
an agitated encouragement to stop fooling around and
just get to the Super 8 already. If these mortals are
demon-hunters who wield such effective techniques
against the fallen as they already seem to have, the
superior points out, any time that the characters waste


Cuaprer TWO

could only add to the mortals' advantage. Therefore, it
behooves the characters to confirm the mortals' actual
location quickly so that they can then determine what
to do next.

The first step in doing so, then — or the characters'
first step in this scene if they are not so easily distracted
s to check out the hotel. They can try to do so by
calling, but that avenue is not likely to lead them
anywhere helpful. They can call the front desk and ask
to be put through to Stanley Mclntyre's room (or
Lawrence Barber's room, depending on the circum-
stances), but the desk clerk will not do so without the
specific room number extension. (Unfortunately, this
number does not appear on the card-holder's account-
activity summary.) The most information that the desk
clerk will give away over the phone is whether ornot the
party in question has checked in — company policy, he
claims, forbids him from doing anything more. Showing
upat the Super 8 itself and speaking to the desk clerk in
person reveals the same information initially, but more
can be coaxed out of him with the proper monetary
incentive. If the characters pay up, the clerk will tell
them what room the card-holder rented, he will tell
them that the room has been rented through the end of
the next week, and he will tell them that the room has
two double beds and a roll-away cot. He will also
confirm that the descriptions the characters might give
for the mortals match those of the room's three 0%
pants, as well as the fact that they are driving a brown
four-door sedan.

On the other hand, the characters can confirm the
presence of their quarry's transportation on their own.
It is parked at the end of a long line of identical motel
rooms that are stacked three stories high in two long
rows connected on one end by the lobby and continen-
tal breakfast area. On a successful Perception +
Investigation roll, the characters notice that a lingering
whiff of burnt motor oil is hanging around the car and
that tiny puddles of water have collected under the
front fenders as a result of condensation dripping off the
air-conditioner pipes. This evidence suggests that not
only are the demon-hunters likely inside, they probably
just arrived as well.

This likelihood is confirmed very shortly thereafter
when a woman in her early 40s descends the steps and
heads right for the car. She is average in height with a
trim figure and longish dark hair, matching the descrip-
tion Manat gave them. This is probably the woman who
has been going by the name "Karen Waites" at the
YWCA recreational center. (If the characters investi-
gated thoroughly and came across Lou Barber's
credit-card number at Club Dante, they can reasonably
infer that this woman is Koruna Gibson, the widow of
the Tony Gibson who owned this car.)

cus

As she descends the stairs, she makes no attempt to
move quietly, and she seems distracted and agitated
besides. If the characters are gathered around her car,
she does not notice them, and her distraction offers
them the chance to make Dexterity + Stealth rolls to
hide from her. When she reaches the ground level, she
approaches the car and opens the trunk with one ofa set
of keys that jangles loudly on a curly rubber cord at her
wrist. She then pulls out two handfuls of small plastic
bags that are full of groceries, closes the trunk and heads
for the stairs again.

By watching carefully from the ground or stealthily
following this woman, the characters can see which
room she is staying in (if they have not found out this
information already). By listening outside, they can
hear that the television is on, the shower is running and
that two people are talking. One voice is that of the
woman, while the other is a gruff, deep voice without
any noticeable British accent. (The characters can,
therefore, surmise that the Englishman is the one in the
shower.) It seems that, for the moment, all the mortals
for whom the characters have been searchingare present.
Itisnow time for the characters to contact theirsuperior
once again.

CONFRONTING THE HUNTERS

Depending upon how long it has taken the charac-
ters to reach this point, the characters' superior either
commends them on a speedy investigation or mumbles
something to the effect of, "It certainly took you long
enough." He or she — depending upon whether the
characters have made contact with Lord Aglibol or
Lady Nasu as appropriate to their affiliation — then
broaches the subject of the characters making contact
with these mortals (or possibly handing them over to
another member of their demonic hierarchy) in order to
asses just how much they know and how dangerous they
might be. The superior is willing to leave that decision
up to the characters, but he assures them that he is also
willing to lend the characters whatever support they
might need (within reason, of course).

The characters then have two major options be-
fore them, which themselves present even further
options as to how to carry them out. On the one hand,
the characters can choose to attempt to pry the requi-
site information from the mortals themselves. On the
other hand, they can choose to arrange for the mortals
to end up in the hands of their (i.e., the characters')
demonic superiors.

Doinairron THEMSELVES
Should the characters make the decision to ap-

proach the mortals on their own, they must further
decide how best to initiate contact so as not to put

7

on

the mortals' defenses up right at the outset. First of
all, they could present themselves as fellow demon-
hunters who stumbled across these three mortals'
trail during their investigation of the grounds of the
Marshall School. They could claim that their own
investigation has been derailed and that they would
like to combine their forces in an effort to see that the
menace has been laid to rest. All they have to do first
is compare notes and see who among them is capable
of what....

This method could succeed if the characters make
contact with the mortals tentatively and the players
roleplay a combined sense of desperation, abiding mis-
trust and subtle hope that their characters have found
possible allies. Successful Charisma + Empathy rolls,
supplemented by successful Manipulation + Subterfuge
rolls, will help out in this respect, as will plain old good
acting. Dishing out dirt on other fallen in the city (such
as enemies or annoyances whom the characters might
have had trouble dealing with in previous sessions) in
the form of a tactical exchange can help prove the

characters' good intentions as well

From the demon-hunters perspective, the woman
(Koruna Gibson) will be the first to accept the charac-
ters' story and the one to ask the fewest questions.
Stanley McIntyre (the group's ostensible leader) will be
harder for the characters to convince of their sincerity,
but he will argue in favor of accepting their help once

ARTO TREAD

he has been convinced. Lou Barber, on the other hand,
will be the toughest sell of them all. He remains para-
noid and suspicious throughout, even if he is given no
reason to suspect that the characters are anything other
than mortal human beings like they claim. He willargue
with Stanley and Koruna (and the characters if they
chime in) until either his friends change their minds or
the characters have so thoroughly convinced the two of
them that he has to give up and sulk. He will not offer
any information, regardless of how he might be cajoled.
(Stanley and Koruna, though, will be willing to answer
any questions that the characters might have.)

A slightly more risky tactic is for the characters
to approach the mortals and reveal their divine
nature by claiming to be angels of God. A likely cover
story could be that they have been sent their Creator
to aid the mortals in their crusade against evil here on
Jarth. By the same token, they could claim to have
been sent by God to reward the mortals for what they
did at the Marshall School or say that they were the
ones who were assigned to deal with the problem
there before anyone realized that the mortals had
taken action.

The same successful Social rolls can pave the way
for this exchange to go smoothly, but one or more of
the characters with a low Torment rating taking on
his apocalyptic form or performing anon-Tormented
evocation will help out immensely. After all, it can


Ciaprer Two

be reasonably assumed that these people already
believe in the existence and palpable presence of
demons, so believing that angels are real as well
should not be too much of a stretch. (And besides, as
incongruous a maxim as the following is, nothing
boosts one's flagging faith like a display of proof.)
The characters will find Koruna dumbstruck and
docile in response to this approach, while Stanley
willall but break down into relieved sobs to find that
his work has not been in vain all this time. Lou, as
before, will be somewhat harder to convince. He will
dismiss the characters' story outright if they appear in
their human guises. If any of them take on their
apocalyptic forms, he will assume that that character
isa demon that is trying to trick him and his friends,
and he will draw his pistol from a shoulder-holster
under his jacket. He will take his cue from Stanley
and Koruna, however, on whether ot not to open fire.
If the characters have convinced Stanley, Lou will
grudgingly hear them out. He will not offer any
information, but he will supplement what Stanley
has to say if prompted by Stanley to do so.

The most inherently risky approach tactic that
the characters can undertake is to make no effort
whatsoever to conceal their true fallen nature. They
could roleplay the act of laying on the demonic shtick
fairly thick in a straightforward effort to intimidate,
terrify or torture the information they want out of the
mortals. (Such an effort relies on the rules presented in
the Systems chapter of Demon: The Fallen.) The
characters could also decide to tell the humans the
straight-up truth that they (that is, the demons) were
once unjustly imprisoned for the sake of humankind
but now they are back hoping to make up for lost time.
Finally, they could borrow an idea from the failed
Peter Horton television vehicle Brimstone and claim
to be damned souls who have been temporarily re-
leased from Hell in order to hunt down an even greater
number of unrepentant escapees.

Regardless of the specifics of the story any self-
confessed demon gives the mortals, the characters are
going to immediately put the mortals on the defensive
and establish an antagonistic relationship. Unless the
players make exceptional Social rolls (or are exceed-
ingly clever in how their characters make their
approach), these demon-hunters are going to react in
the least helpful way they can. Koruna will panic and
try to get to Lou or Stanley for protection. Stanley will
begin chanting a prayer of abjuration and follow it up
with a prayer of banishment (both of which Koruna
will help him with once she regains her senses). For his
part, Lou will open fire with his .357 magnum. If they
are able to drive the characters away completely, they
will then pile into their car and flee Los Angeles as fast

R&ckoxiNG
Note that the hunters in this adventure are not
imbued. That is, they are not touched by the Messen-
gersasdescribed in the game Hunter: The Reckoning.
They do share some characteristics of the imbued,
however, such as their lack of knowledge of the larger
forces at work and the fact that are ondinary people

trying to do their best when confronted by a horrible
reality. If you do want to construct this story as a
crossover with the Hunter game, go right ahead. It
certainly makes these demon-hunters even more

dangerous opponents, but you are also asking for
everal serious adjustments in the way the hunters
react to your characters' demons.

Remember that imbued hunters can sense
agents of the supernatural and they share some of
the fallen's resistance mind-controlling or alte!
ing supernatural powers. They also have a host of
unusual supernatural powers available to them,
which can stymie demons who are not expecting
them. The dynamic between demons and regular
mortal demon-hunters is quite different than that
between demons and the imbued, so be prepared to
account for that difference should you decide to
proceed thu

as they can. It will take plenty of fancy footwork, quick
thinking and possibly multiple evocations on the
characters' part to pull this particular approach off
without ruining any chance of willing cooperation
from these demon-hunters.

Manpine THE DeMon-HuNTERS OFT

If, however, the characters discuss the situation
with their superior and decide that it would be best to
bring these mortal demon-hunters to some more secure
location and have other demons of their social hierar-
chy conduct the interrogation, new possibilities arise
The characters can still approach the demon-hunters
and use any of the preceding cover stories (and related
caveats) in an effort to lure them to a prearranged
rend
raid on the demon-hunters' room in an attempt to flush
the mortals into the waiting arms of the characters'
allies. The characters might also choose to simply
kidnap the mortals and take them to a place of their
superiors' choosing, either staking out the Super 8 and
nabbing the demon-hunters one by one when they are
alone or breaking into their room while they are asleep
and taking them away before they have a chance to
react. If they have police contacts or allies, the charac-
ters might even be able to arrange for the demon-hunters
to be picked up on suspicion of some criminal involve-
ment and then arrange for a few moments alone with

zvous. They could also stage some sort of showy

_
a1


them in the interrogation room. Any such antagonistic
move — except for having them arrested — will engen-
der the same defensive response from the mortals that
revealing the characters' demonic nature would have
elicited in the preceding section.

Should the characters be successful, though, the
places to which they are to bring the mortals varies
based on what organization the characters are affiliated
with. Members of the Infernal Court are instructed to
get the mortals to the Huntington Library after hours,
into the same section in which the characters were first
given this assignment. (Lord Aglibol will be in atten-
dance, as will Lord Vohu Mano and Fell Knight Guanli.)
Members of the Blood Court are ordered to bring the
mortals to the rear alley entrance of the Vertigo Coffee-
house after it closes. (Lady Anat herself will be present
for this interrogation, as will Lady Nasu and Lord
Vritran.) Agents of Al-Lat are asked to bring the
mortals to The Kingdom, where Nyx will make some
suitably private space available foran "interview." (Lady
Nasuand Lady Al-Lat will be in attendance here, as will
Lord Chenrezig and Fell Knight Guanli.)

INTERVIEWING
THE DEMON-MUNTERS

The decision of which characters to include in the
scene and where the scene will take place in which the
demon-hunters give over the following information
depends on the events of your story thus far. The
methods by which the characters receive this informa-
tion (be ittorture, trickery or honest open dialogue) will
vary as well. Regardless, the demon-hunters possess the
following information to parcel out, at a rate reflective
of how well the characters treat them.

First ofall, they give theirnamesas Stanley McIntyre
(the ruddy-faced, curly-haired one), Lou Barber (the
Englishman) and Koruna Gibson. Stanley used to be a
priest until he took up this new calling to seek out
demons on Earth and deal with themas best he could in
order to defend regular people from their depredations.
Koruna is an immigrant to this country from the Czech
Republic who married an American businessman, who,
subsequently died and left her a widow. She took a job
asa teacher to maintain her citizenship, and she uncov-
ered the presence of a demon at her school. She made
contact with Stanley shortly thereafter, and the two of
them have been working together ever since. Lou was a
demon-hunter before he ever left England, and he made
his way by killing them or their thralls wherever he
uncovered them. He hooked up with Stanley and Koruna
on a "business" trip into the States, and he has been
helping and protecting them ever since.

Working together, they make a reasonably effec-
tive team. Koruna has a way with integrating herself

Fear to TReap

seamlessly into new environments and getting people
to talk to her, which helps them uncover evidence of
demonic abuse and root out perpetrators of demonic
corruption. Stanley is a brave man whose faith in God
gives him the strength to face demons eye to eye and
drive them away. He also knows certain rituals and
prayers with which to ward a place against demons, to
bind them in place, to banish them and to exorcise
them. He has also developed some experimental rituals
that combine certain of these effects. Lou considers
himself the muscle of the group. He carries a .357
magnum and is unafraid to use it either in conjunction
with or in absence of Stanley's efforts. He believes in the
rightness of what Stanley and Koruna are doing, and he
has made it his personal mission to make sure that they
stay out of harm's way. He also knows where to go and
what to look for in terms of occult research material, and
his input regularly aids in Stanley's ritual efforts.

They originally came to Los Angeles shortly after
Devil's Night. Watching the (as they call it) "horrify-
ing" footage of Lucifer rising over the Los Angeles
skyline again and again on the news convinced them
that if they really wanted to wage a war against the
forces of Hell, LA would be the foremost battlefield of
that war. Shortly after arriving here, they witnessed the
wreck that took the life of Mary Blacksmith of the
Marshall School for Troubled Teens, and they could
not rationalize away what they had seen as any mun-
dane car accident. They investigated as best they could
and finally managed to trace the evil back to the
brickworks on the school grounds. They snuck into the
place to see what they could do to abjure that evil, but
asit turned out, the headmaster's vile secret had already
been exposed. Yet, the taint of the demon's touch on
that place remained, so they prayed and chanted and
ceremonially cleansed the site together, performing a
ritual that Stanley had devised to keep any and all
demonic beings or servitors away.

They had then set about both to make sure that the
children who were displaced from the Marshall School
were okay and to learn what they could about the
unusual summoning circle and ritual accoutrements
they had discovered at the brickworks. Koruna took
care of checking on the children and confirming that
the presence that had menaced them at the school was
having no lingering effect on them now that they were
away from it. Also, the three had visited several shops
that specialized in the occult, trying to figure out what
kind of ritual was being performed in the brickworks.
(Lou and Stanley both admit that they were doing so
only partly to develop some countermeasure against it.
Mostly, the lure of hidden, forbidden knowledge was
too tempting to resist, and they just wanted to know.)
Anyway, the best that they could figure was that the


Civerer TWO

diagram they had found was a circle that could not only
summon demons from the depths of Hell, but also bind
them to that spot until they swore to faithfully serve a
more powerful demon. All the ritualist would have todo
was spill the blood of a willing supplicant and offer up
the soul of a child once the demon so swore, and that
demon would be free to walk the Earth at his new
master's behest. They had only just begun to figure out
the particulars of how the ritual worked, as well as how
it might be altered to bind a demon to a human's will,
when they found themselves in their current situation
under these circumstances.

Tre FALLEN RESPONSE,

The response of the characters' superiors to what
these demon-hunters have to say (whether those supe-
riors hear it firsthand from the mortals or secondhand
from the characters after the fact) is swift from excite-
ment. If they are not present for the interrogation, the
superiors demand that the characters bring these mor-
tals to them (at the aforementioned rendezvous points)
tight away. When the characters arrive with the mor-
tals, their superiors then commend them for all their
hard work and dismiss them with thanks. If they are
present for the interrogation, those superiors do the
same, so that, in the end, they end up alone with the
demon-hunters, and the players' characters do not have
much to show for their efforts. If pressed for why they are
being so secretive all ofa sudden, the superiors hint that
they would like to discuss the mortals' research with the
mortals further in hopes of possibly building it into a
potent weapon for their future use. They will elaborate
no further, however, and they come as close as they
have to after that to kicking the characters out.

SCENE Six

Quite some time passes after the events that ended
the previous scene. It is more than enough time for the
characters to discuss what they have been through, to
check up on the students of the Marshall School, to
effect any cover-ups that they might need to see to asa
result of their investigation or to repay favors that they
might have had to call in during the course of their
investigation. If you want, you can even interject a
short story of your own devising in the downtime. (Just
resist the temptation to skip ahead to The Judas Kiss at
this point.) At the very least, enough time should pass
toinspire the characters (or even the players) to wonder
just what is going on with the mortals they went to so
much trouble to find.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, the characters superiors
are stonewalling. They do not respond to invocations
or more mundane attempts to establish contact. They
refuse to grant the characters or even their more

immediate underlings an audience to discuss the mat-
ter. They sequester themselves for several days at a
time (presumably with the mortals) and shut off all
contact with the outside world. And even when they
finally emerge at the end of this uncomfortably long
period, they refuse to discuss any of the mortals' work
or their own observations of it. As they begin to
reinitiate contact with their supporters and exert their
presence on the demonic social scene once again, they
gloss over any mention of anything that might have
transpired up until that point. They do not act as if
they have forgotten it, rather they act as if they do not
want to talk about it. Those who know their superiors
very well might be able to detect a hint of frustration
or disappointment, but that is as much as their superi-
ors are willing to reveal. The most that they can be
forced to say is that the humans are no longer collabo-
rating and that they have been sent on their way to do
as they please.

Yet, not long after that, the characters receive an
invocation (or a phone call or an e-mail, depending
upon what information they have given) from Manat.
She says that she wants to get together with the charac-
ters and discuss the unpleasant way in which their
investigation has wrapped up. She does not want to
discuss it remotely, though, so she asks them to meet her
in the parking lot of the Martin Luther King, Jr./Charles
R. Drew Medical Center. She says that she will explain
everything once the characters get there, but she would
prefer it if they hurried.

When the characters arrive, Manat is standing by a
10-year-old Honda and is littering the ground at her feet
with cigarette butts. She looks annoyed but also a little
nervous, and she greets the characters' arrival with
evident relief. She thanks them for coming and tells
them that she has some bad news. It seems that her
police contact has come through (either finally or
again, depending on how closely she worked with the
characters earlier) with news about the car and the
people she has been looking for off and on all this time.
She then reaches into the front seat of her Honda and
retrieves a large envelope full of pictures. As she shows
the pictures to the characters, she explains their signifi-
cance. Two days ago, the brown sedan that belonged to
the mortals was found wrecked, burned out and upside
down ina ditch beside a road leading out of town. Two
of the passengers (a man anda woman) were found dead
at the scene, nearly burned beyond recognition. (The
pictures show the scene of the accident, the interior of
the car with the two corpses in it and the two corpses
stretched side-by-side next to the car.)

A third man was found in the ditch barely alive,
with second- and third-degree burns over 75 percent
of his body. He was brought to this very hospital and

7

9

80

Fear 10 TREAD

treated in the burn ward, but he is not expected to last
too much longer. He has not yet told the police what
exactly happened to him, although he seems to be
aware of his surroundings and relatively lucid. As of
yet, it has not been determined what actually caused
the accident, and the victim will not say. Manat
visited the scene of the accident herself as soon as she
heard about it, and she could detect no trace of
infernal energy there. A demon contact in the morgue
has confirmed as much concerning the two corpses,
but the third man registers just a hint of it (though it
is not enough to make an identification).

The reason Manat wanted to meet and talk to the
characters, though, is not just to reveal this sad news,
but toask for their help. She admits that when she heard
about the wreck and learned that one of the mortals had
survived, she wanted to slip into the medical center
after visiting hours and find him. She can tell that he
probably does not have long to live, so she wanted to
have a talk with him while she still could. She's afraid,
however, that either the man will be able to do some-
thing to her because of what he is or that whoever is
responsible for the man's condition will be there using
the man as a Judas goat to squelch unwanted curiosity.
Therefore, Manat wanted the characters to come with
her, as they were the ones investigating this situation
from the beginning.

INSIDE

Should the characters agree, slipping into the hos-
pital is easy enough. A single successful roll of Dexterity
+ Stealth should be enough to keep them from being
noticed, and any orderly or doctor who catches them
sneaking around is liable to assume that they are just
eager family members looking for a sick loved one and
let the matter drop. Manat leads the way as if she is very
familiar with the layout of the medical center, and they
artive at a private room with a single occupant in just a
matter of minutes.

What they find in the room is the grotesquely
abused shell of a human being that used to be Stanley
Mclntyre. He is lying on his back, wrapped almost
entirely in bandages, and an IV needle is feeding him
painkillers through a blessedly undamaged swath of
forearm. He is sleeping fitfully as the characters arrive,
and his eyes pop open the instant Manat closes the door
behind everyone. They roll with wary apprehension
when they settle on Manat (whom he does not know),
but they light with recognition when they find the
characters. He sucks in a deep, pain-wracked sob then
begins to speak unbidden.

"{ know you," he says. Every word is a painful gasp
riding a reed-thin breath that sounds like wind whis-
tling over an open grave. "You let this happen to me.


Ciaprer TWo

You gave us over to them. They made us work and study
all day, and they wouldn't let us go until they were too
fed up with us to keep us prisoner anymore. They told us
we could leave, but they lied. As soon as we were on our
way out of town, more came just like them. They took
us somewhere else and tried even harder to make us
make it work. They tortured us. Threatened us. They
wanted us to summon slaves for their master. Slaves
from Hell for their master, Manishtusu. Lawrence...
Koruna... I'm sorry I couldn't give them what they
wanted... I'm so sorry."

This effort exhausts Stanley, and he closes his eyes
again and seems to slump down even deeper into his
bed. At this point, have all the players roll their chare
ters' Perception + Awareness (difficulty 8). If they
succeed, the characters begin to sense an eerie, ominous
presence settling invisibly in the room. It brings to mind
the smell ofa battlefield and the sound of long, serrated
teeth jerking still-living flesh from broken bones. Manat
is oblivious to this sensation for the moment, but she is
staring with wide eyes at Stanley, looking more nervous
than before. She gulps audibly and says in a soft, still
voice, "Did he just name who I think he did? I hope the
Lord of Murder didn't hear that, or we're all—"

Before Manat can finish that sentence, Stanley's
entire body jerks as if it has been jolted by electricity,
and he sits upright on the bed. His hideous wounds
begin to ooze beneath his bandages, and the sudden
motion pulls loose his IV needle, but he seems com-
pletely unaware of this fact. His eyelids pull back with.
a sick sucking sound to reveal two blood-red orbs
beneath, and his lips practically meltaway intoa vicious
snarl that bares vicious predatory fangs rather than
Stanley's actual teeth. This grotesque visage surveys
each of the characters present in turn, the skin and
muscle of Stanley's scorched neck splitting open from
too much use.

"You are all castrated, insignificant meat to me," a
voice says, coming out of Stanley's mouth with more
tormented force and insane fury than any human can
muster. As he speaks, blood and gobbets of meat begin
to fill his mouth and run down his chin. "You've done
well enough exposing that pathetic toady

Enshagkushanna's ridiculous scheme, but if you get in
my way, I'll destroy you. I'll drink your souls and spit
them like bile back into the Abyss. My children are
everywhere. My servants are everywhere. I am every-
where! There is no escape from the Lord of Murder! Not
on Earth, not in Hell, not even in Heaven itself! There
is no escape for those who oppose Manishtusu!"
Finally, the shell of Stanley's body can take no
more. It collapses on the bed, exhaling a stream of
blood, smoke and unidentifiable globs of semi-solid
matter. The shell withers as if it has been dead for years,
and the ominous presence that filled the room disap-
pears. Stanley McIntyre is dead, though, and the demon
Manat looks as if she is staring into the gates of Hell for
the second time in her long existence. She hits the
nurse-call button beside Stanley's filthy, smoldering
bed and announces that this investigation is over. She
is getting the hell out of this hospital, and she encour-
ages the characters todo the same thing. Asshe and the
characters leave, they all get the distinct impression
that something is watching them flee and laughing.

AFTERMATH

While this story answers some of the questions that
were lingering from Suffer the Children, it has wound
up raising all new ones. It is clear that the demon-
hunters were re-captured by someone working outside
the authority of the characters' infernal hierarchy after
being set free, but who was that someone? Is he still
around? What all did he make the hapless mortals tell
him? Does he know about the characters? Does he know
about their greater demonic organization or its masters?

And how is Manishtusu, the infamous Lord of
Murder, involved in all this? The deadly Earthbound
took the stage late in the story, but he seems to have
something in the works that he does not want the
characters messing with. What could it be? And if the
characters find out, will they already be too late to do
anything about it? You and your players can explore the
answers to these questions in your own way as your
chronicle progresses, or you can continue playing Fear
to Tread through to its conclusion in The Judas Kiss.

81


He that has eyes to see and ears to hear may convince
himself that no mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent,
he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at
every pore.

—Sigmund Freud

When the angels of the Holy Host were created
by God, they were commanded to love and take care
of humankind from a disheartening remove of se-
crecy. Never were they allowed to reveal their
existence or express their eternal love for the first
mortals, and this commandment of forced separa-
tion troubled and saddened many angels. Therefore,
when Lucifer the Morningstar raised his banner of
rebellion, the angels who agreed with him and
followed him made of themselves beings of outspo-
ken pride and defiance — eschewing secrecy in
favor of bold, direct action. They were not afraid to
state their heretical beliefs or even fight for them
when the call went out to do so. Yet even then, the

impetus for all of this brazen behavior — that is, the
Great Debate at which Lucifer first spoke the word
rebellion — was a meeting that was held in secret.
And immediately after that momentous event, the
first act of open rebellion, when the rebel angels
first revealed their presence to humankind was com-
mitted in secret — although the perpetrators must
have known that such secrecy could never last. The
creation of the shadow lands of the dead was a secret
initiative, and those angels of the Silver Legion who
labored at their horrifying tasks in the bastion of
Taba'et' did so away from the prying eyes of even
their allies. When the armies of the fallen were
finally defeated, they were forcibly bound in secret
where mankind would lose touch with them and
ultimately forget them.

Itisno surprise, then, that this legacy of secrecy has
left its mark on the fallen as they are emerging once
again into the physical world. Some, such as those who
make up the Ravener faction, are throwing off what
they see as the shackles of secrecy and trying to unmake
the world in the most spectacular and unavoidable ways
possible. Others, such as those fallen who make up the
Cryptics faction, have made it their mission to seek out
the truth behind certain secrets that have plagued them
since the time of their imprisonment — secrets such as
why they were ever given two such contradictory orders
by their Creator, where the Morningstar has been all
this time without them, and what has become of the
Creator and His Holy Host since the War of Wrath.
Still others, such as the Faustians and certain especially
clever Luciferans, have learned the value of secrecy and
are using it to forward their overarching agendas. Even
the Reconcilers are reexamining the value of safeguard-
ing their human charges in secret, in hopes of working
their way back into their Creator's good graces by finally
coming around to doing what He commanded them to
do so long ago.

Meanwhile, the Earthbound who effected their
escape from the Abyss long ago and have been operat-
ing in the physical world ever since, have long since
learned the value and utility of secrecy. Cut off from
their allies and even each other when they were
returned unexpectedly to Earth, these angels had to
build their bases of support quietly so as not to attract
the attention of the Creator or the armies of the
nations of mortals who revered Him. Then, as the
worship and faith that sustained them began to wane,
they had to retreat into secrecy so as not to be attacked
and driven back into the Abyss while they were weak.
Even today, as new outlets and offerings of faith begin
to revive and refresh them, these unknowable elder
beings rely on the power of secrecy to shield their
nefarious goals (as well as the steps they take toward
achieving those goals) from the watchful eyes of their
newly returned brethren. These recent escapees, many
Earthbound reason, are better able to enact their
schemes quickly, so it behooves the Earthbound to
rebuild their power on the sly so that when their
schemes conflict with those of the fallen, the fallen
will not have the opportunity to catch on to the threat
growing right beneath their noses until it is too late to
fight back.

Similarly, many of the fallen use this same tech-
nique against the Earthbound, against each other
and against the mortals they see as assets. Yet, the
prevailing sentiment of these modern times is one of
such jaded cynicism that taking bold, overt actions is
hardly worth a fallen angel's time and energy regard-
less. Unless such acts affect them directly ona personal

Fear to TREAD

level, people tend to dismiss the works of the fallen as
simple tricks, elaborate hoaxes or (if they see them
on television, for instance) extraordinary special
effects. It seems, then, that taking small steps in
secret toward one's greater goals is the course of
action preferred by the overwhelming majority of
fallen, almost by default.

Working in secret, however, does not immedi-
ately necessitate working alone. The fallen were
designed by their Creator to work together in sym-
phony, each with individual responsibilities that
dovetailed harmoniously with one another. Having
been cast out of Paradise, human beings have also
evolved into social creatures who recognize the power
of superior numbers and efficient cooperation. It makes
sense, then, that the blending of the minds these two
types of beings would result in modern fallen who
value group efforts and the efficacy of collusion. (On
a practical level, it also makes sense for the fallen to
work together, just considering how weakening and
confusing it can be for them to fight their way out of
Hell and anchor themselves in spiritually dead mortal
hosts.) Whether a demon sees an accomplice as a
dupe, a thrall, a servant, a co-conspirator or simply a
willing ally, his success depends on that accomplice's
efforts almost as much as it depends on his own. He
must, therefore, impart a certain amount of trust to
anyone who might be helping him achieve his goals—
no matter how secret they might be — in the hope that
he receives at least a modicum of loyalty in return.
Otherwise, the downward spiral of suspicion, deceit
and betrayal will tear his efforts to shreds and leave
him with less than what he had when he started.

How, then, does one balance his ingrained need for
secrecy against the seemingly antithetical need to work
with others for the best effect? How does one gain the
trust of her supporters without showing her hand too
early and possibly giving her rivals an advantage over
her? How does one know who she can trust to keep her
secrets and who she should expect to betray her in
pursuit of his own equally secretive ends? In fact, can
any demon trust any other demon at all in this time of
shifting alliances and hidden agendas, or are all demons
predestined to play out the original betrayal they perpe-
trated against their very Creator over and over again
until the end of time?

‘THe PLor(IN Bnigp)

Unlike Suffer the Children, which begins by piqu-
ing the characters' interest and leading them into an
investigation of infernal depredations, or Into the
Fire, which (admittedly) starts slowly and involves the
characters in an intensive mortal investigation at
their superiors' behest, The Judas Kiss — the final


Craprer THREE

story in the Fear to Tread chronicle — thrusts the
players' characters directly into dire peril and forces
them to think and act fast in order to save their skins.
At the same time, it embroils them in the scheming
manipulations of an Earthbound foe more dangerous
than the one whose minions they might have faced in
Suffer the Children.

As this story opens, the characters receive a des-
perate call for help from an old ally who has landed
herself in more trouble than she knows how to extri-
cate herself from. Yet, as they arrive on the scene to
help her, the characters find themselves likewise tar-
geted by default, and they must make a quick escape.
When they regroup, the ally sheds some faint light on
the nature of the problem thatshe has made for herself,
and the characters' superiors encourage them to dig
deeper and get to the bottom of the problem. In so
doing, the characters make contact with a fellow
demon who has placed himself high in the local mortal
political society. He helps elucidate the mystery that
their ally had partially uncovered — a mortal con-
spiracy with infernal overtones and underpinnings —
and asks them to help him gather the proof that he
needs to put that conspiracy to an end via legitimate
channels. They do so at great risk to themselves,
finding that the conspiracy in question reaches back to
their previous involvement with other events in the
chronicle. After a quick consultation with their supe-
tiors, the characters look deeper and find that a
dangerously insane Earthbound demon is conducting
the affairs like orchestral movements in a symphony.
Andas the characters dig deeper, they just might find
that the Earthbound's insidious influence may be
more pervasive than they had ever imagined.

STORUTELLER CHARACTERS

While not all of these characters are highly influ-
ential movers and shakers in the Los Angeles
Tri-County Area (even in fallen society), they all
have parts to play in The Judas Kiss. Some are in-
tended simply to point the characters in the right
direction should they become hopelessly confused
about exactly what's going on or should they find
themselves at a los to how to proceed in their
investigation. You can skip over some of them if you
find that your players' characters don't need their
help. You can also switch them out with Storyteller
characters of your own design or from previous events
in your own chronicle, if you so choose. You can even
supplement their roles even further (if your players
appear to be having a particularly dense time of it) by
having the Storyteller characters to whom the ones
presented here are connected in Los Angeles's greater
infernal society make brief appearances. Explanations

of how the various Storyteller characters are con-
nected can be found in the Storyteller Characters
chapter of this book, and even more information is
presented in Demon: City of Angels.

* Manat (AKA Sylvia Sarah Woods). This
Luciferan fallen an investigative reporter (who might or
might not have worked with the characters in the past).
In the course of her self-appointed crusade, she has
uncovered a conspiracy that has put her in immediate
and dire peril.

* Baphomel (AKA Troy Daniels). Working with
Manat, this fallen angel — in the body of the Lieuten-
ant Mayor of the City of Angels — is trying to uncover
information about a charity organization that might be
a front for the Earthbound Manishtusu.

* Yigal (AKA Joyce Allen). The wife of a local
politician, this fallen has been forming a coalition of
charities in Los Angeles for at-risk teens. It is her
suspicions about the founder of one of those charities
that has involved Manat and Baphomel in the cur-
rent mystery.

¢ Sauvitar (AKA Agent Marcus Keyes). Like
Manat, this demon is working with Baphomel on that
demon's investigation. He has offered his services and
connections up for use by the baroness of the Infernal
Court, but he was rebuffed. He is now trying to prove his
utility on his own so that he will not be turned away so
quickly the next time he presents himself.

* Annette Demilenko. This mortal is the head of
a private charity organization known as the Blind
Samaritan Foundation. Unfortunately, she is also a
thrall to the Earthbound known as the Lord of Murder,
and she is using her charity organization to further that
demon's ultimate goals.

* Fell Knight Guanli (AKA Jeremiah Azevedo).
This demon is the senior minister of the Lion Ministry
of the Infernal Court of Los Angeles. He offers to help
the characters find what they are looking for, but his
asking price could be higher than they are willing to pay.

« Fell Knight Ravana (AKA Mary Beth Holden).
Fell Knight Ravana is the Lion Minister for the secre-
tive Blood Court of Los Angeles, and she is the lover of
her opposite member in the Infernal Court.

¢ Azhi & Dahaki (AKA Daniel & Danielle
Montague; AKA Bric-et-Brac). These two fallen lov-
ers are agents of Fell Knight Ravana — and vicious
killers besides. Yet, right or wrong, they support her
without question.

* Haraphael (AKA Marvin Bragg; AKA Trip-9).
This fallen Slayer rules Manishtusu's self-claimed turf
like a warlord by moving violent and impressionable
young gang members — among whom he is a legend —
like pawns on a chessboard.


86

INVOLVING THE CHARACTERS

The technique for involving your players' charac-
ters in the story The Judas Kiss borrows from both
Suffer the Children and Into the Fire. Like the first
story, the characters are introduced to the action
straightaway as one or more of them receive a distress
call froma fellow fallen angel and they gather together
and come to that angel's rescue. Like Into the Fire,
though, having the characters get involved takes a
little bit of preliminary setting up based on their
previous exposure to prior events in the Fear to Tread
chronicle as well as the demonic hierarchy in Los
Angeles with which they are affiliated. Yet, unlike
Into the Fire, which took quite a long time to set the
characters in motion as it laid out the various permu-
tations of its very first scene, the first scene of The
Judas Kiss is the same regardless of who the characters
are or who they ostensibly work for. Only the immedi-
ate backstory needs to change based on the
circumstances of your chronicle.

The trigger event for this story is that a relatively
recently returned Luciferan fallen named Manat
(whose mortal identity is that of newspaper reporter
Sylvia Sarah Woods) contacts the characters via
either invocation or telephone in desperate fear for
her life one Friday night. She tells them that she does
not have much time to go into detail, but she is being
hunted by an insane Ravener demon who is leading
a gang of mortal hoods around after her like a pack of
extremely intelligent hunting dogs. She is trying to
hide in an abandoned train yard that was made a
shambles by the recent earthquake, but her pursuers
have boxed her in, and she is afraid to make a run for
it. She begs the characters to round up their circle
and come to her aid because, if she dies, some very
important information about one of the City of
Angels' two resident Earthbound will be lost with
her. She tells the characters how to find the ruined
train yard and asks them to invoke her when they
arrive. Finally, she begs them to hurry, then breaks
off contact, lest she give her position away before
they have a chance to reach her.

That event takes place regardless of who the
characters are working for or how much of the Fear
to Tread chronicle they have participated in up to
this point. What might need to be tailored to fit your
chronicle, then, is how this Manat character knew to
contact your players' characters and what made her
think that she could trust them when she found
herself in danger.

If your characters played through the events of
Into the Fire, you have the easiest time justifying
Manat's decision to contact them. In that story, Manat
and your characters had contact with one another on

Fean to TREAD

atleast one, probably two and possibly as many as three
separate occasions. Those encounters were designed
to foster open communication and cooperation be-
tween them in pursuit of a common goal. In one of
those scenes (that is, the story's chilling denouement
in the burn ward of the Martin Luther King, Jr./
Charles R. Drew Medical Center), Manat called the
characters together under less desperate circumstances,
and they all witnessed evidence that suggested that
the Earthbound Manishtusu was up to something.
That scene also showed them that the insane demon
was aware of them and ready to take steps against them
if they interfered with his scheme. Remembering this
scene, characters who played through Into the Fire are
likely to assume that the Lord of Murder is responsible
for the danger that Manat has found herself caught up
in because she has found out what it is that he is
actually up to.

If you and your players are using The Judas Kiss as
a stand-alone story, though (or if you played through
Suffer the Children but decided to forgo Into the Fire for
some reason), your characters might need a little more
incentive to help out a demon who is basically a perfect
stranger. You will also need to have some sort of expla-
nation on hand for how this character knew to contact
your characters in the first place. A quick and easy cheat
would be to say that one of your characters knew Manat
from the War of Wrath but has since forgotten her in
the confusion of anchoring to his mortal host here in
the physical world. Only now that he hears her voice
again via invocation does he start to remember. A
slightly less contrived cheat would be to say that Manat
remembers the character (or characters) in question
from the time of the war by reputation, but she never
had an opportunity to speak to him (or them) before
they were all imprisoned.

It might be more reasonable, however, to have
Manat referred to the characters second-hand by some-
one with more authority and a more recognizable
presence in the City of Angels' demonic community.
Should you choose to take this route, you will need to
adjust it according to what demonic hierarchy your
players' characters serve. As stated in the Introduction
of this book, Fear to Tread assumes that the players'
characters will become involved in the stories' events
by arising from one of three social circles. They are most
likely supporters of the Infernal Court of Los Angeles
(headed by Baroness Kishar), supporters of LA's more
secretive Blood Court (headed by Lady Anat) or inde-
pendent investigators working at the behest of Lady
Al-Lat. (Corralling characters who are otherwise affili-
ated is up to you and your players, as is determining the
means by which the characters come to work together
in the first place.)


CHAPTER THREE

If they are Cryptic agents of Lady Al-Lat, have Al-
Lat herself be the one who contacts the characters. She
isnot the one in danger, but she relates to the characters
a distress call that she received from the demon Manat
—acontact of hers in the Luciferan faction. She tells
the characters that this Manat has claimed to have
gathered dangerous and important information that
someone else seems willing to kill her to contain. She
then asks the characters to go extricate this Luciferan
from danger in hopes of preserving the information she
supposedly contains, then report back in once they
have hidden her away somewhere.

If the players' characters are members of the
Infernal Court, you could have them contacted by
Lord Aglibol, the court's Minister of Aurochs. Since
Aglibol's mortal identity is that of a local member of
the City Council, Manat knows him both through
local press contacts and through his mortal-level
working relationship with Baphomel (whose mortal
identity is that of the Lieutenant Mayor, and who
Manat herself has been working with recently). When
she found herself in trouble, Manat called out to Lord
Aglibol — a fellow Luciferan — for help. Unwilling
to act on his own, though, Aglibol tried to contact
Fell Knight Guanli and dispatch him to take care of
the problem in his role as the court's Lion Minister.
When Guanli subsequently responded that he was
too busy, Aglibol turned to the characters instead.
He says that Manat could be an asset to the Infernal
Court in the near future, so he wants the characters
to get her to safety and report back to him when they
have done so.

If your characters are members of the revolution-
ary Blood Court, you might need to have Spentu
Mainyu, that court's Dragon Minister, contact them.
He is easily one of the best connected Luciferan fallen
in the city of Los Angeles, so it would make sense that
Manat would have contacted him for information or
normal faction business at some point in the past.
Have him contact your characters and relay the cry for
help that Manat originally sent out to him. He claims
that he is too busy spending "quality time" with one of
histhralls to be able to help, but the players' characters
were the first fallen he thought of to take on the job in
his place. If they do this thing — that is, rescue Manat,
get her to a safe place and find out what information
she is hiding — he would consider it a personal favor.
In fact, if the information is worthwhile enough, the
other ministers of the court might consider it a favor
as well. He will be contacting the ministers while the
characters are taking action.

(As you might already know, the Devil Spentu
Mainyu is the Dragon Minister for not only the Blood
Court, but also the Infernal Court of Los Angeles. In

fact, he was the tyrant of that court until Baroness
Kishar arrived. Ashe is playing this dangerous double-
game, you might want to use him to motivate
characters of the Infernal Court just as you would
members of the Blood Court. You can do so if you
wish, just remember to make the necessary adjust-
ment to the text that refers to characters of the
Infernal Court in this story's later scenes.)

Hopefully, that motivation will be enough to spur
characters of any affiliation or previous involvement
level into action. If not, you can try to inspire Torment
in the more hard-hearted characters by describing
unbidden memories of the War of Wrath. Perhaps the
characters remember being forced to abandon a field
of battle after some ignominious defeat, and the
wretched, piteous screams of the wounded that they
had to leave behind begin to echo in their ears once
again. Perhaps they begin to recall the screams of
despair and anguish of those fallen who were cast into
the Abyss before them. Or maybe they remember the
cries of those friends and brothers in arms that they
had to leave behind when they escaped the Abyss
aeons later. If even that tactic does not work, have the
characters' superiors contact them (or recontact them)
and order them to doas Manatasks, calling it their duty
to their demonic hierarchy. After all, if you cannot
motivate them to get involved in the action now, you
are going to have an exceptionally difficult time get-
ting the story started.

SCENE OnE

Regardless of what lengths you had to go to in
order to involve your characters in the story, they
eventually come together several hours after sun-
down and rush to the train yard in which Manat is
hiding. The place is an enormous gravel and concrete
sprawl that looks as if it had not seen much use even
before the Devil's Night earthquake. It was once
surrounded in part by a 10-foot-tall chain link fence
that was topped by an additional two feet of barbed
wire stretched across outward-angled struts to dis-
courage intruders from climbing over. Several pairs
of rusted steel rails lying on top of rotted crosstie
bones fed into the complex from the rear, and an
intricate webwork of the same lay strewn all over its
interior. These lines fed into several roundhouses
that are distributed randomly throughout the com-
plex, and those roundhouses fed rails that led away to
several, warehouses‘on the property:

Yet, where the place was aged, dingy and in ill
repair before the earthquake, it lies in ruins now.
Most of the fencing is no longer standing, and what
little of it still remains relatively undamaged is


88

leaning drunkenly in every direction, providing
little impediment to a would-be intruder. Most of
the warehouses have been demolished, except for
the odd one or two that have merely twisted inward
on themselves and fallen apart. These rugged rem-
nants stand gutted and partially scavenged, not
unlike the bones of great beasts left to the elements
after breathing their last and giving up the ghost.
The rails that once led to these warehouses, and
those all over the complex, are broken, twisted and
even sticking out of the ground like unruly hairs in
some places. Beneath them, the ground is swollen
and split open, turning what was once a boring
symbol of stultifying industrialism into a surrealist
depiction of nature's rebellion against the same.
And yet despite the darkness and the isolation
and the foreboding solemnity of the place, it does
show some signs of life. The first such sign is the
presence of four vehicles that have been parked
haphazardly by what was presumably the front gate of
the complex. The parking lot is a ruin of crumpled
asphalt, and a spray of broken plastic chips and shreds
of steel-belted tire testify to how treacherous it can
be to drive across it at speed. One of the cars that the
characters find here has a blown tire dangling from a
bent rim, as well asa broken headlight and turn signal
above it. This car is a 10-year-old blue Honda, and if

Fear 10 TREAD

the characters played through Into the Fire, they
should recognize it as the one that Manat w:
ing next to when she met them at the hospital at the
end of that story. Skid marks leading up to the car
indicate that it destroyed a tire driving over a huge
gap in the pavement not far away then skidded out of
control into a snarl of half-fallen chain link fence
and barbed wire (where it rests now).

The other three cars are parked around this
Honda well back from the barbed wire but hemming
the Honda in. Two of them are dirty sport-utility
vehicles, and the other is a dark-blue four-door se-
dan. The windows of all of these vehicles are tinted,
but the doors are unlocked, and no one is inside any
of them. The engines of these vehicles are warm,
though, indicating that whoever was driving or riding
in them did not arrive all that long ago. This revela-
tion leads to the second sign of life within the
train-yard complex: the faint sounds of people mov-
ing around within.

Should the characters contact Manat by invoca-
tion at this point, she is slow to respond and short of
words when she does speak up. She whispers that her
pursuers found her when she made her last invocation
for help, their fallen master triangulating her position
by the power it took to call out just as easily as if she
had performed an evocation. She is wounded more so


Civprer THREE

than she was when she first arrived, but she managed
to flee to a new hiding place. She tells the characters
that she is now hiding under a fallen piece of corru-
gated metal in a shallow rent in the earth under what
was once the farthest west storage warehouse. She begs
the characters to hurry up and get to her so that they
can get her out of here, but she warns them to be on
their guard and try to stay out of sight. Since they
invoked her, her demon pursuer probably knows that
they are here too (and possibly exactly where they
are). She warns them that her fallen pursuer has at
least five "street thugs" with him, all of whom are
armed with small-caliber pistols. She suspects that
there might be more with him, but she has seen only
five since she first went on the run.

The characters, then, have to choose between
going on the defensive or going on the offensive. If
they go on the offensive — which is to say hunting
the thralls of the demon who is hunting Manat so as
to whittle their numbers down — have their players
toll Perception + Investigation (difficulty 7) as the
characters move into the train yard among the rusty
hulks of empty boxcars and neglected flatbeds. There
are nine Eight Trey Gangster Crips scattered through-
out the rail yard looking for Manat in groups of two
(one of which has picked up the ninth man and is
searching with their fallen leader as well). Succeed-
ing on this roll puts the characters in the vicinity of
one of these two-man groups without giving them
away. Failing the roll leaves the characters wander-
ing without making contact with anyone, and
botching forces them to stumble across one of these
groups, catching everyone by surprise. If the players
succeed on their Perception + Investigation roll and
they want their characters to act on their quarry with
the element of surprise, have the players roll Dexter-
ity + Stealth. Ona failed roll, the characters lose the
element of surprise, and their quarry retains its nor-
mal initiative. On a botch, the characters give
themselves away before they make a move and wan-
der into an impromptu ambush instead.

Should the characters decide, on the other hand, to
goon the defensive from the start, have the players roll
only Dexterity + Stealth, but bump the difficulty up to
7.(Assume that their fallen antagonist on the scene has
detected their presence and located their approximate
position from their introductory invocation and that he
has dispatched thralls accordingly. He is expecting
them to hide and sneak around, not to go on the
offensive.) If the roll succeeds, require a new roll every
few minutes until you have determined that they have
made their way across the complex to the ruins of the
westernmost warehouse. Ifa roll fails, have them stumble
across one of the two-man teams of thralls combing the

area. If they botch, have them stumble into an ambush
of four such thralls.

When the players encounter these thralls, the thralls'
first reaction is going to be to say, "Haraphael, some-
body else's here," and start pointing pistols (provided, of
course, that they are not already under attack when they
make this discovery). One turn later, they will receive
their master's instructions to get rid of any witnesses and
open fire. Should the characters survive such an attack,
the sound of gunfire will draw more teams of thralls.
Should the characters survive that, the last surviving
gangster will invoke his master Haraphael begging for
help. Hearing that his thralls are being attacked by
multiple fallen of unknown origin and power levels,
Haraphael will then take the three gangsters who are
with him, cut his losses and make his escape. (He has
not given up on his ultimate goal, however, as the
events of Scene Two will reveal.)

The pistols these Eight Trey Gangster Crips are
carrying are nothing but dinky .25s that inflict one
level of lethal damage, but every gangster has one.
They also have knives in case their guns fail them.
They have no armor to speak of, nor are they hard-
ened against the effects of revelation. Depending
upon the combat prowess of your players' characters,
you can base these characters' Trait ratings on a scale
from "The Thug" template in the Demon core
rulebook to simple extras as per the "Large Fights"
optional rule. At best, your characters can avoid
these dangerous thugs and effect their escape with
the wounded Manat or take the thugs out two by two
at their leisure. At worst, they will have to fight their
way through all six of the ones who stick around.
Either way, they will not have to face the demon
Haraphael in this scene.

Once the characters have made their way to the
westernmost storage warehouse (whether they have
sneaked past Haraphael's minions or bulldozed their
way through them), they must now locate Manat. If the
charactersare still sneaking, notch the difficulty of their
players' Dexterity + Stealth rolls up by one. Also have
the players make a Perception + Investigation roll
(difficulty 8) for their characters to find where Manat
has hidden herself. When they find the spot, they must
lift off of her the piece of corrugated metal beneath
which she is lying and help her to her feet. She seems
somewhat delirious with shock and fear, and she has
been hit twice in the back with .25 bullets. The bullets
passed through her doing as little serious damage as
possible (leaving her with three lethal health levels of
damage left to heal).

She is able to walk, but at least one of the charac-
ters must help keep her steady. If they are still sneaking
at this point, the difficulty of the roll required to do so


rises to a 9. (In fact, it might help if one or two of the
characters try to cause a distraction elsewhere in the
rail yard that draws pursuers away while the rest help
Manat escape.) The idea should be to get Manat back
to the characters' car, if they arrived thus, or possibly
toone of the gangsters' vehicles so as to get the hell out
of there and find a safe place for her to heal up and get
her head together. As the characters make their escape
(however the circumstances surrounding it might play
out), Manat regains enough lucidity to suggest just the
place. It is a crappy, isolated rent-by-the-hour joint
located a short distance from the rail yard, which is
called the Dolphin Motel.

Scene £wo

Located near the outskirts of the industrial district
from which the characters and Manat have just es-
caped, the Dolphin Motel is a rundown fleapit that is
barely staying in business. Its marquee proudly boasts
that it has a "V CANCY," and a hand-painted sign
beneath that adds, "Power and running water re-
stored!!" It caters to people who do not care about the
noise, the pollution or the leftover detritus from what
minimal rebuilding efforts have been undertaken since
the earthquake — people such as traveling salesmen,
johns and hookers who rent by the hour, runaways
who are happy just to have a roof over their heads and
drug dealers who want a place to meet buyers. The
price is cheap, and the management does not ask
questions. In fact, the fat, greasy clerk behind the
Formica-topped counter only sneers and silently hands
over a key when the characters ask for a room.

The small motel complex consists of an office
building, a gravel parking lot and eight lodges, which
are basically self-contained mini-houses. Each lodge
has a cramped bedroom, a dingy, mildew-decorated
bathroom and a TV that has been bolted to the wall.
The owners have the rooms cleaned every day —
they have no choice, the law makes them — but their
efforts do not help. Years of smoke from the nearby
factories has worked its way into everything, no
matter how often it was cleaned, so the rooms smell
faintly of grease and carcinogens. Peeling wallpaper,
bulging drywall, water stains, cracks in the ceiling
and uneven floors are only some of the examples of
the lingering cosmetic damage that has been left over
since the earthquake.

There are only three cars in the parking lot — an
aging, dirty Lexus in front of the manager's office, a
Daihatsu in front of Lodge Three and whatever ve-
hicle the characters arrived in. The lodge to which the
characters have been given a key (Lodge Six) is in
roughly the center of the complex, so they can park

Fear to TREAD

their car in a spot that is not immediately visible from
the street.

Once the characters unlock the door to Lodge
Six and pile inside, Manat flicks on the light, locks
the door behind her and starts weakly pawing through
her pockets for a battered paper pack of cigarettes. In
the illumination from the bug-corpse-filled overhead
light fixture, the characters can see just how haggard,
dirty and exhausted she really looks. Her left side is
covered in blood from where she was shot, and her
jeans and jacket are soaked with grime and blood.
She eases herself gingerly down on the bed and lights
up a blood-stained cigarette. If the players want to
roll Perception + Awareness (difficulty 8), you can
have their characters sense a thready surge of super-
natural power as Manat spends Faith to heal herself
of the damage she has suffered. (Should they be
feeling generous, one or more of the characters might
offer to heal Manat themselves.)

When she is healed once again, Manat looks pale
and weak but no longer in danger of immediate collapse.
She takes a huge drag on her cigarette and sighs in relief.
"Thanks for all of your help, everyone," she says. "Re-
ally, [mean it. I didn't want to risk healing myself while
Iwas hiding just in case that bastard felt it and used it to
track me down. Not that he wasn't doing fine on his

own, though, I guess. I think I really might have stepped

in it this time

The obvious follow-up question to that statement
is something to the effect of "Stepped in what?" and
the answer Manat gives depends on how much she has
worked with the characters already up to this point. If
they did not meet her or visit the hospital with her
because they did not play through the events of Into
the Fire, she hesitates and seems to be engaging in
some internal debate. Finally, she sighs and mutters
that she has to trust someone and that, if the characters
were her enemies, they would not have come all the
way out here on a moment's notice to help her in the
first place. She then fills them in on what she has been
up to as per the events of that story.

RECUPERATING
AND RECAPPING

She says that she originally came to the so-called
City of Angels to look into the events of Devil's Night.
She is a devoted Luciferan, and the possibility that her
commander in chief was still in town filled her with
hope. Shortly after she arrived, however, she stumbled
onto the story of the Marshall School for Troubled
Teens, in which cultist thralls of one of Los Angeles's
resident Earthbound were breaking the wills of select
students, then summoning demons from the Pit to take


Cuaprer THREE

up residence in those students' bodies and serve their
infernal master. Demonic citizens of the city had al-
ready dealt with this matter by the time Manat found
outabout it, destroying what cultists they could find and
forcing local mortal authorities to shut down the school
temporarily. The City Council had held an emergency
session (mainly for the public's benefit) in order to
make sure that the school's displaced children were
taken care of.

Yet, as she was following up its aftermath, Manat
continues, inquisitive mortal demon-hunters showed
their hand at the school. They banished all the
infernal taint that the cult's secret practices had
seeded into the place and also warded the site of the
cult's activities so that no demon could so much as.
approach it. When this news circulated around the
local fallen community, several demons of various
affiliations tried to track these mortals down and
interrogate them as to what they knew about (and
could do to) the fallen. Their search proved ulti-
mately fruitless, and the hunters all but disappeared.
They did so, that is, until Manat herself tracked one
of them down to the Martin Luther King Jr./Charles
R. Drew Medical Center, where he had been taken
after a vicious car accident that had killed his two
partners. She slipped into the hospital to talk with
him, and with his last breaths he told her that he and
his compatriots had been kidnaped by agents of a
demon whose name she will not repeat, but which
the hunter voiced cavalierly. (This demon, Manat
confides, is the other Earthbound operating out of Los
Angeles —a dangerous Devourer knownas the "Lord
of Murder.") The agents of that Earthbound tortured
and questioned the mortal demon-hunters about what
they had found at the Marshall School and how that
knowledge might be applied to serving their own
master's will. When that interrogation had proven
fruitless as well, the agents had given up in disgust
and tried to get rid of the hunters in a staged car
accident that had not been quite thorough enough.

In relating his story, though, the poor abused
mortal had invoked the very Earthbound who had had
this done to him, and that act had sealed his fate. As
Manat was getting ready to leave, the Lord of Murder
took temporary possession of the hunter's failing body
and spoke to her. It ordered her to stop prying into its
business and to stay out of its way if she did not want
to earn herself a quick one-way trip back to the
torment of the Abyss. It had warned her that it had
agents everywhere and that it would know if she had
not heeded its warning. The mortal's body had given
out at that point, unable to contain such power as the
Earthbound possessed, but as she had fled the hospital,
she could swear that she had felt its eyes on her and

heard its mad, wicked laughter taunting her from every
shadow. Even still, though, she had not heeded the
Earthbound's warning, which is what has led to her
current condition.

If Manat and the characters have already met in
the previous story (especially if the characters had
played through Suffer the Children before that), all
that recapping might not be strictly necessary. You
can condense it considerably — unless so much time
has passed in your chronicle that the players them-
selves need a reminder. To do so, have Manat take a
puff of her cigarette and say, "Oh well, if you guys are
in fora penny, you're in fora pound. Do you remember
all that trouble we found out about surrounding that
Marshall School for Trouble Teens? Do you remember
what happened when we went to the hospital together
afterward and talked to what was left of Stanley
McIntyre? Do you remember the warning the Lord of
Murder gave us to stay out of his business? Well... I
didn't exactly do that. That's why I'm here, and now,
that's why you all are here, too."

(If you can feel your players getting bored after a
long recap or if you just want to keep them off balance
and turn the action level up a notch, you can go ahead
and skip to the "An Uninvited Guest" section of this
scene. You will have to refer back to this following
section when you reach Scene Three or Four, but that
should not hamper the flow of information all that
much. Otherwise, proceed with the following text and
get to "An Uninvited Guest" afterward.)

At this point, her tale can continue in the same
way regardless of whether or not she has worked with
the characters before. She says that she was actually
able to stay out of the Lord of Murder's business for a
little while and to ignore the subject of the Marshall
School for Troubled Teens entirely. What pulled her
back into the thick of things, however, was a call
from a friend of hers (as well as a fellow Luciferan)
who was now going by the mortal name of Troy
Daniels. This Troy Daniels, she confirms, is the very
same as the Lieutenant Mayor of the city of Los
Angeles. It seems that he had been in recent contact
with another fallen who is going by the mortal name
of Joyce Allen. Mrs. Allen is the wife of a prominent
local politician, and she has always been a major
supporter (both politically and monetarily) of chari-
ties that were designed to help the city's children.
She even helped set up a program for at-risk teens in
the city, and she has been active in that program ever
since her husband turned his attention to national
politics rather than local.

In the wake of the events surrounding the Marshall
School, Mrs. Allen has been devoting the bulk of that
program's resources to taking care of that school's

on

92

displaced and disregarded students (who now cer-
tainly qualify as more "at-risk" than even they realize)
As of the City Council's emergency public meeting,
Mrs. Allen has been building a local charitable coali-
tion devoted to taking even better care of those
children, and she has been relying chiefly on the help
of one Annette Demilenko, the founder and chairper-
son of a private charity known as the Blind Samaritan
Foundation. This arrangement seemed perfectly agree-
able at first, but Mrs. Allen began to grow increasingly
wary of Ms. Demilenko the more the two of them
worked together. There was something strange about
the way Demilenko talked to her subordinates and
convinced them to do things for her, and it did not
take Allen long to figure out what that was. Demilenko
was exhibiting an eerie, preternatural influence over
her subordinates, which registered only very faintly to
Allen's demonic awareness of the supernatural. The
more time that she spent in the woman's company,
however, the more clearly Allen could detect the
sense of power behind Demilenko's words. While
Demilenko was not fallen herself, she was clearly a
thrall to one and was borrowing some inkling of her
master's power to do her work. What was more, the
resonance of that power bespoke of a greedy, ancient
source with just the faintest hint of insatiable hunger
and roiling insanity behind it. It felt like the touch of
an Earthbound, and Allen panicked.

The first thing she did was approach Lieutenant
Mayor Daniels, who was the first other fallen she had
met when she arrived in the city. She told him of her
fears of what she might inadvertently be exposing the
children of the Marshall School to, and he promised to
help her. He then turned around and contacted Manat
who agreed to snoop around and see what she could
turn up on Annette Demilenko. She did not share
with the other two of them what she already suspected
might be happening for fear that speaking it aloud
might make it true, but she agreed to help readily
enough and got to work immediately. (What she
suspected was that the Lord of Murder was Annette
Demilenko's infernal master and that he was taking
the opportunity to pick up the subjugation of the
students of the Marshall School where his lesser Earth-
bound rival left off.)

Her fears have partially been confirmed since she
was contacted by Daniels and Allen and agreed to
investigate for them. The first thing she did was go to
the headquarters of the Blind Samaritan Foundation
and try to arrange to meet with Annette Demilenko
for what should have appeared to be a standard inter-
view for a human-interest story. Yet, she was met and
stopped in the lobby by a young black man named
Marvin Bragg, who claimed to speak on behalf of Ms.

Fear to TREAD

Demilenko. He turned her (that is, Manat) away and
refused to be intimidated by her admittedly vague
threats about deeper investigations and possible expo-
sure if something illicit was going on behind the
foundation's doors. What she did not realize at the
time was that this young man was a leader among the
Eight Trey Gangster Crips with the street name Trip-
9 or that he was actually a fallen angel by the name of
Haraphael. (She spells this being's Celestial Name out
ona sheet of paper, rather than speaking it aloud and
drawing his attention.)

She figured all of this out later, though, when
Trip-9 and three cars worth of his gangsta thugs
tracked her this very evening to her rented house
closer to town and tried to silence her once and forall.
They surprised her, but she was able to get away and
take off in her car before they could do too much
damage. She fled in a panic, eventually winding up at
the rail yard and calling for help (by whatever means
you, the Storyteller, ended up using to open your
story). Trip-9 and his thugs tracked her there and
wounded her a little more severely, but fortunately,
the characters arrived when they did to help her and
to get her here where she could rest up and get herself
back together again. It is now her intention to get to
Daniels and Allen and to try to figure out what to do
next. She does not know, however, if she can make it
on her own (or even carry on safely once she gets
there) considering that the Lord of Murder's minions
might be looking for her even now. Therefore, she asks
the characters to help her.

AN UNINVITED GUEST

While all of this recuperating and recapping is
goingon, the demon knownas Haraphael is notssitting
idly by. He and three of his Eight Trey Gangster
lackeys are headed in the characters' direction right
now. Whether the characters sneaked across the length
and breadth of the abandoned rail yard in which
Manat was hiding in the previous scene without once
being spotted by Haraphael's thugs or they fought
their way through these extras before looking for
Manat, Haraphael cut out of there. If the characters
slipped through his fingers by virtue of their extraordi-
nary stealth, he took three of his thugs with him and
sent the rest home, lest their absence from their
familiar haunts in town rouse too much suspicion. If
the characters fought his underlings down (or simply
scared them off or found some other means of inca-
pacitating them), Haraphael received this message
from the last of them and split early with three thugs
in tow. He then headed in the direction of what
seemed like the nearest, most convenient hiding place
(that is, the Dolphin Motel) with the intention of


Carrel

staking it out against the characters' arrival. It was a
long shot to be sure, but given the choice between
either taking his chances there or admitting to his
master that he had lost his quarry (or simply panicked
and fled when his quarry's reinforcements had ar-
tived), he had opted for the gambler's route. Since the
Dolphin Motel does not exactly advertise its location,
however, (not to mention the fact that he only saw it
fora moment while he was chasing Manat originally)
he got somewhat lost along the way. Therefore, it took
him and his crew so much time to find the place again,
confirm that the characters were there, then report
back to his infernal master for instructions that the
characters have had ample time to go through the
backstory presented in the first half of this scene.

Now, though, the time for rest is over. Haraphael
knows which lodge the characters are staying in (thanks
to a quick bribe of the desk clerk and a moment's
reconnaissance by one of his thugs), and he is not going
to let them get away again. His plan is to crash his
vehicle right through the front wall of the characters'
lodge then come storming out and kill them all. Fortu-
nately, Haraphael is not the best planner in his master's
growing army, and the characters have a decent chance
of not being taken by surprise.

First of all, it is possible that one of the fallen might
hear Haraphael's thug sneaking up to their lodge on the
gravel drive out front (although they will not be able to
see anyone through the peephole in the door). Make a
single Dexterity + Stealth roll for the scout (difficulty
5), contested by a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty
7) for any fallen in the room who might be listening for
trouble. (This does not include Manat, since she is
doing so much talking.) You might even want to make
the Perception roll in secret in order to avoid alerting
the players. If they succeed on this roll, they hear furtive
footsteps just beneath their lodge's front window. Should
they look out, they will spot one of Haraphael's Eight
Trey Gangster Crips crouching there looking up at
them in surprise. He will then call out, "Haraphael!
They're in here!"

This warning will then serve as the cue for two
headlights to snap on in the near distance and for
Haraphael to drive the vehicle that he and his two thugs
are sitting in right at the wall. The thug that the
characters discovered at their window will be too stunned
by the suddenness of this action to get out of the way in
time. Players of the characters in the room, however,
now have the chance to make Dexterity + Dodge rolls
as the vehicle barrels right for the characters.


If all of the players fail the original Perception +
Alertness roll for their characters to notice the gang-
ster thug sneaking around, they save the thug from
being crushed by his master, but they make things
somewhat more difficult for themselves in the process.
Undiscovered, the thug returns to the vehicle in
which his compatriots await and relays the message
that the characters are in the lodge. Haraphael then
guns the accelerator and aims the vehicle right at the
lodge, spraying gravel behind it. The players need not
make Perception + Alertness rolls for their characters
to hear this threat approaching, but by the time the
characters look outside to see what it is and their
minds are able to process the danger, the difficulty of
the Dexterity + Dodge roll to avoid injury has risen to
an 8. If, on the other hand, any of the players botched
the original Perception + Alertness rolls, they do not
get a chance to make the Dexterity + Dodge roll to
avoid injury. Their characters sit stunned as events
transpire too quickly around them, and they must rely
on their more alert, heroic companions to pull them
out of the way (which requires a Dexterity + Athletics
roll [difficulty 8] instead of the standard Dexterity +
Dodge roll).

Regardless of what is happening inside, Haraphael's
vehicle bashes into the wall, shattering the front
window, knocking the front door aside and knocking
the remnants of the front wall apart like a pile of
building blocks. Perhaps fortunately for the charac-
ters, lingering damage from the earthquake has
strategically weakened the structure of this wall such
that it breaks apart rather than collapsing on them or
bringing the roof down on their heads. Loose bricks,
wood chunks, bits of dry wall and chips of glass fly into
the room, though, not to mention the engine com-
partment and front wheels of Haraphael's vehicle.
Anyone who was caught flat-footed (that is, any char-
acter whose player failed the Dexterity + Dodge roll)
is hit by flying debris and must try to soak three dice
worth of bashing damage. Any character whose player
botched the Dexterity + Dodge roll is actually clipped
by the front end of the vehicle as well and must,
instead, soak five dice of bashing damage.

After this rude entrance, the characters have
one turn in which to pick themselves up and get
ready to fight. It takes exactly that long for Haraphael
to get his head together and shoot out the wind-
shield of his vehicle. When he does, he and his three
(or possibly only two) thugs come out over the hood
of the vehicle into the room, determined to wade
through the characters and finish off Manat.
Haraphael has taken two levels of bashing damage
from the crash, as have his thugs. (If he crushed one
of them with the car on its way into the room, of

Fear to TREAD

course, that thug should be dead. If you are treating
the thugs as simple extras, they need have only
suffered one level of damage.)

Haraphael comes through the windshield with
blood running down his face and a 9mm Glock 17
light pistol in each hand. He isa terrible shot, and he
is not ambidextrous, but the quarters are cramped,
and he likely still has the element of surprise in his
favor. His thugs are less threatening. Only one of
them still has a pistol. The others are using only a
knives and fists. They are already severely freaked out
by what just happened (especially if Haraphael ran
over one of their own to accomplish it), and they will
cut bait and flee at the first sight of a character's
apocalyptic form or an obvious evocation. Haraphael's
desperation is showing as well. He fires a total of
three times each turn, missing once automatically
and making no attempts to dodge the characters'
attacks. Through gritted teeth, he is murmuring for
help from his master Manishtusu.

This help does not come, however, so this tense,
desperate fight is most likely one that the characters will
win (unless their luck runs out almost entirely). While
the characters might suffer a few injuries, neither
Haraphael nor his thugs are skilled enough to pose a
serious threat in such low numbers after so ill conceived
an opening gambit. It is, therefore, very likely that even
if one or two of his thugs escaped, the rest of them and
Haraphael himself will be left dead or unconscious at
the scene. Plus, there is no way that the owner of this
fine establishment and its other guest could have missed
the commotion, so it is safe to assume that the police are
on the way.

Evenstill, though, the fallen might wish to interro-
gate any surviving captives. Unfortunately, the mortals
know little about Haraphael's master or its reason for
hunting the demons. They assumed that Trip-9 had
some personal beef with "that reporter lady," and that
was good enough for them. Haraphael himself will not
talk. He will fight to the death and ultimately disappear
back into the Abyss begging his master Manishtusu for
help that does not come for him in time.

Little information can be found on the persons (or
bodies) of any of the attackers either. None of them is
carrying identification, cell phones or other traceable
paraphernalia. All they have is loose cash ($250 be-
tween them), a small stash of drugs and some dirty
bandanas in their gang's colors. The guns have had their
serial numbers filed away, and the vehicle outside has
no license plate.

Regardless, hanging around the scene is pretty
obviously a bad idea, which Manat points out if the
characters have not realized it as of yet. It is time for


CivpTer THREE

the characters to pull themselves together and get
the hell out of there as fast as possible. Taking charge
in the ensuing confusion, Manat recommends that
they head into the city toward Troy Daniels' apart-
ment. She will invoke him and warn him that they
are coming, and hopefully, the Lord of Murder will
not think to send minions there to look for them. She
did not let on who she was working for when she
visited the Blind Samaritan Foundation and drew
Haraphael's attention, so the Lord of Murder should
not expect her to run to Daniels' place. But even if
the Earthbound does somehow find where they are,
his minions will hopefully have the good sense not to
cause as much of a scene there and draw so much
mortal attention to themselves, what with Daniels
being the Lieutenant Mayor and all.

The characters then pile into their car (or the
gangstas' vehicle if they so desire, as they will have to
ditch whatever car they leave in so as not to attract
unwanted police attention as they flee this obvious
ctime scene) and head into the hopeful promise of
temporary safety in town.

Scene LHREE

On the ride to Troy Daniels' place, Manat sits in
the back and quietly invokes the demon Baphomel
who is using that mortal identity. She tells him that
she has been to the Blind Samaritan Foundation as
the two of them had discussed but that she has
encountered "complications" since then and is in
trouble. After a pause, she says that she can not
explain right now, but she is on the way to his place
with (however many characters are in the fallen
circle) like-minded fallen who have been helping her
out. She asks him to make room for them and to put
them up for the night, then thanks him after another
long pause. She then tells the characters how to get
to where they are going and asks them not to make
any more invocations until they get back into town,
just in case other fallen agents of the Lord of Murder
happen to be nearby and looking for them. (The
fewer uses of detectable supernatural phenomena
there are linking back to the vehicle, the better.)

At this point, the characters can simply roleplay
amongst themselves, possibly discussing the ramifica-
tions of what they have involved themselves in or how
they might parlay this involvement into greater status
among their fallen peers. Likewise, Manat might pick
upher recapping where she left it off if you decided to
jump ahead to the action only midway through Scene
Two. Of course, a little of both intermingling dynami-
cally would probably be ideal, based on the skills and
comfort-levels of the various members of your troupe.

BaAPHOMEL'S PLACE

It is well past midnight when the characters
finally reach the home of Troy Daniels (also known
as the demon Baphomel). It is a decently sized two-
story, three-bedroom home in a fairly affluent
suburban neighborhood. As they arrive (be it by taxi
or on foot, since they likely had to ditch their other-
wise traceable automobile), Manat leads them to the
side door, where the characters are met by the demon
Baphomel himself. Baphomel is (or Troy Daniels
was) a clean-cut American young man of vaguely
Irish ancestry, with a flawless complexion and neatly
trimmed brown hair. His hair is not combed (as he
was in bed when Manat invoked him), but he is
dressed in blue jeans and a burgundy pullover shirt
He is rubbing his eyes when he opens the door, and
the first thing out of his mouth is a long yawn. He
follows that up (somewhat disingenuously, perhaps)
by saying how glad he is that Manat is okay and how
worried he was that something might have happened
to her when he did not hear back from her for so long
after they last spoke. He also thanks the characters
for coming to Manat's aid when she needed them,
then invites everyone into his living room.

The living room (and, in fact, the rest of the house)
has obviously been decorated by a bachelor with no
design skills. No piece of furniture matches any other
(though they are all expensive), nor does any of itreally
complement the colors of his walls, ceiling or carpet.
What few pieces of art he has displayed around the room
make no attempt to balance the color scheme of the
room or even each other. If nothing else, though, the
place is clean and welcoming if not a shining example
of trendy feng shui.

Once these observations have been made and ev-
eryone has chosen a seat or a place to stand, Baphomel
introduces himself first by mortal name then by Celes-
tial Name and invites the players' characters to share
the same with him (and Manat as well if they have not
done so already). If the characters are members of the
Infernal Court of Los Angeles in relatively good stand-
ing, he also adds that he has heard of them through that
court's Minister of Aurochs although he has never had
the opportunity to introduce himself. On the other
hand, if the characters are considered especially infa-
mous among the fallen angels of the Infernal Court,
Baphomel mentions having heard of them and states
that he is glad that they are not quite as disagreeable as
he had heard. He then confirms that they all should be
safe at his place for the night if they would like to stay,
and he adds thatit shouldbe all right for them to contact
their superiors via invocation from here as well. After
all, they are close to what is left of downtown Los

9


96

Angeles, which is brimming over with active fallen. If
their pursuers are trying to track them by supernatural
awareness alone, they are unlikely to be able to pick the
small amount of power it takes to send out invocations
among the area's general noise.

Should the characters wish to leave, Manat objects
immediately. She thinks that a policy of strength in
numbers would be best until this time of impending
crisis has passed (which is to say, until she hassolved the
mystery before her and found a way to keep herself safe
afterward). On top of that, she is scared of being
attacked again and possibly sent back to the terrible
lonely void of the Abyss. Baphomel makes a half-
hearted attempt to back her up, agreeing in theory that
there is strength in numbers and saying that the charac-
ters have had good luck keeping Manat safe thus far. It
would not be all that much trouble putting them up for
the night, he adds, and since he wanted to talk to them
and have them meet other fallen who are involved in
this mess in the morning, keeping them here would be
most convenient.

Baphomel will not press the issue, though, so the
decision of whether to stay the night or to go back to
their homes and meet back here in the morning is
entirely up to the characters. If they decide to stay,
Baphomel goes in search of pillows and extra blankets,
and Manat thanks the characters profusely. If they
decide to go home and come back tomorrow, Baphomel
shrugs and counsels them to be careful until then.
Manat tries one more time to change the characters'
minds, but she will grudgingly give it up if they remain
steadfast in their decision.

Regardless, the characters' next move will likely be
to speak to their superiors about what has happened to
them tonight. They can do so via invocation or by
telephone from Troy Daniels' home, or if they are
sleeping elsewhere that night, they could also arrange
face-to-face meetings with those superiors they are able
to reach. If the characters participated in the events of
Into the Fire (and therefore came to Manat's aid at her
first invocation directly to them), their superiors are
probably not expecting any such contact from the
characters. If such is the case, having the characters
perform a little hasty recapping of their own to bring
theirsuperiors up to speed might be in order. Otherwise,
if the characters did not participate in Into the Fire and
they had to be sent out to Manat's aid by one of their
superiors, you might have this contact flow in the other
direction. In any case, responses vary based on who the
characters work for.

If the characters are members of the Infernal
Court of Los Angeles, they contact (or are contacted
by) Lord Aglibol. He reacts with only passing con-
cern tonews that Manat is safe and that the characters

Fear v0 TREAD

themselves are all right. If it was he who set the
characters in motion at the outset of this story, he
also complains offhand that Fell Knight Guanli is
still refusing to cooperate or even get back in touch
with him. What really makes him sit up and pay
attention, though, is the characters' news about be-
ing attacked by Haraphael, Aglibol confirms that
Haraphael was a supporter and agent of the Lord of
Murder, which must mean that Manat is indeed onto
something. And if the Earthbound is up to some-
thing, that something is most likely inimical to the
well-being of the fallen of the City of Angels. There-
fore, Lord Aglibol decides that it falls to him, as
Minister of Aurochs, to do something to safeguard
the fallen under his responsibility. As such, he imme-
diately delegates to the characters the task of working
with Baphomel and Manat and getting to the bottom
of whatever the Lord of Murder might be up to. Once
they find out everything they can, Aglibol promises,
he will get through to Guanli by any means necessary
and have that Minister of Lions take care of business
rather than simply remaining stubbornly incommu-
nicado. He impresses upon the characters just how
important he considers this responsibility, then, after
asking them to pass along his greetings to Troy
Daniels, wishes them good luck.

Characters who are members of the Blood Court
manage to raise only Spentu Mainyu. He puts up a good
front of being enthralled by their recounting of their
exploits, except when they come to the part about
Haraphael. He knew that fallen, he says, and it isa real
shame that such a one sold his soul to an insane
Earthbound that had nothing but destruction on its
mind. It is never a victory, Spentu Mainyu laments,
when a compatriot must be banished back to the Abyss
for crimes against his own kind. He does compliment
the characters on saving Manat, though, since doing so
effectively minimized the damage that could have been
done and restricted the unnecessary loss of life as much
as was possible. (Noticeably, he does not extend his
sympathies to any human beings that the characters
might have had to injure or kill in the course of the
evening's events.)

In the interest of minimizing future damage that
the Lord of Murder could do, Spentu Mainyu asks the
characters to keep working with Manat and to give her
any help she might need. Not only is she a fellow
Luciferan, but she could prove a valuable asset to the
Blood Court if it can be proved to her that the
organization is amenable to cooperation where halt-
ing the schemes of the Earthbound is concerned. He
promises them that he will invoke Lady Nasu (the
court's Eagle Minister) on their behalf and apprise her
of the situation so that the characters can conduct


Criaprer THREE

further business through her. Not that he himself is
not equal to the task, he adds, but investigating and
gathering information seems to be more her area of
responsibility in the grand scheme of things. He then
wishes them good luck and goes back to his business.

Characters who are Cryptic agents of Al-Lat re-
ceive the most outright praise for their efforts. Lady
AlL-Lat gushes when the characters tell her that they
saved Manat from mortal danger and removed her to
safety. While Manat isa confessed, staunch Luciferan,
Lady Al-Lat considers her a Cryptic at heart, which
makes her worth saving when she has endangered
herself in pursuit of knowledge. And speaking of that
pursuit, Lady Al-Lat suggests that the characters stick
close to Manat for the time being and report back to
her (Al-Lat) with any other information they can
glean from Manat. Finally, Al-Lat offers to contact
Fell Knight Guanli and Lady Nasu and have them
make themselves available if the characters need help
on this fact-finding mission.

Once all of that has been accomplished, the
characters can then get to sleep for the rest of the
night unless the players can think of other immedi-
ate roleplaying opportunities to pursue. Some
examples might include discussing the days events
with one another, speculating about what the Lord
of Murder might be up to or getting in contact with
any thralls they might have had to ravage from afar
for emergency stores of Faith. Otherwise, just let
them fall into what is likely an exhausted sleep after
so much tense activity and declare that time passes
until morning.

Scene Four

The next day, the characters either gather once
again at the home of Troy Daniels (or wake up there if
they spent the night). They find Baphomel awake,
dressed and brewing coffee. He is clutching an empty
blue mug and standing by the burbling coffeemaker like
a rabid rock fan waiting for an autograph behind a
concert hall. When he notices the characters, he smirks
and says that if humans can invent things such as
automatic coffee makers, then they have not completely
degenerated since they were banished from Paradise.
He then offers everyone a mug from his cabinet and
directs them to the morning newspaper that is lying
open on his kitchen table.

The page to which the paper is open is the police
blotter, and the first note on it concerns the characters'
incident at the Dolphin Motel. It seems that the man-
ager of that fine establishment called the police and
reported a loud crash, followed by gunfire and screams
(as well as any especially noticeable details that the

players' characters' actions might have added). Arriv-
ingon the scene, the police discovered a ruined car that
had crashed into the lodge, bullet holes all over the
place and an awful lot of blood, especially inside the
crashed vehicle. Their hypothesis is that the battle had
broken out due toa botched drug sale, since the Dolphin
is known as a popular spot for major deals. No bodies
were found at the scene, though, which the police are at
a loss to explain.

Once the characters have had a chance to read and
digest this information, Manat comes into the kitchen.
She is freshly showered, wide awake and apparently
dressed ina pair of Baphomel's jeans as well as one of his
shirts. She looks much more in control of herself this
morning, her mortal fear having evaporated in the light
of day after a good night's sleep. She takes a cup of
coffee, glances at the newspaper and thanks the charac-
ters once again for coming to her aid the previous night.
She then turns to Baphomel and asks him, "Did you
contact Joyce and Agent Keyes?" Baphomel nods, and
Manat asks, "When will they be here?" Baphomel says
that these people will be along shortly and that every-
one present can discuss the situation together when
they arrive.

A short time later, there is a knock at the door.
Baphomel answers it and admits two people whom
the characters might recognize, depending upon their
background. One of these visitors is a bald black man
whose body is roughly between that of Michael Clarke
Duncan and Ving Rhames in size. He is wearing a
crisp brown suit, and he is pulling a pair of wrap-
around black sunglasses off as he enters Baphomel's
home. If the players' characters are members of the
Infernal Court of Los Angeles, they will recognize
this gentleman (either on sight or by reputation) as
one Agent Marcus Keyes of the FBI, better known
among the fallen as Sauvitar. He introduced himself
to Baroness Kishar several months ago and offered
her his services as a military strategist and a material
link to the federal government, but she turned him
down flat. Half the members of the court consider
him a presumptuous fool, while the rest think that
Baroness Kishar was probably too hasty with him,
especially considering all that has happened in Los
Angeles since then. He has since hooked up with
Lieutenant Mayor Daniels, who considers him a
valuable fallen contact.

The other person is a middle-aged woman in
conservative business attire who is more or less
dwarfed by Agent Keyes. If the players' characters
played through Into the Fire and attended the emer-
gency public City Council meeting and press
conference in Scene Two of that story, they will
recognize this woman as Joyce Allen (also known as


the demon Yigal). Her husband is a local politician
making a play on the national stage, and she is an
ardent supporter of children's charities in Los Ange-
les' rebuilding phase.

As these two characters enter, Baphomel intro-
duces them by their mortal names (which prompts
them to supply their Celestial Names as well) and
invites everyone into the living room to talk. He
leaves it up to either Manat or the players' charac-
ters to introduce themselves to the newcomers, but
after that has been done, he adds, "They are the
ones | told you about earlier." Manat eagerly jumps
in at this point as well, adding that if it were not for
the characters' efforts, she would probably be in the
Pit right now, and the Lord of Murder would be
doing only Heaven knows what with no one on
Earth the wiser.

Agent Keyes nods approvingly, and the conver-
sation switches gears to address the matter at hand.
Baphomel admits that he has only been facilitating
contact and dialogue between interested parties, and
he is not even entirely sure what said parties are
interested in. He has gathered that Mrs. Allen, Yigal,
is concerned about an Earthbound demon exerting
some influence on the children from the Marshall
School, but he is still fuzzy on the details. Yigal and
Manat refresh his memory, going over Yigal's experi-
ences dealing with Annette Demilenko at the offices
of the Blind Samaritan Foundation. (If Manat's pre-
vious recapping opportunities in Scenes Two and
Three did not reveal this information, you may do so
here for the players' benefit.) The basic conclusion
that she came to, Yigal says, was that Demilenko was
athrall to one of the city's Earthbound. Manat agreed
and further suspected that the Earthbound in ques-
tion was the Lord of Murder, who was picking up
where his in-city rival had left off. Yet, before her
investigation for proof to support this suspicion could
really get going, Manat had been rousted out and
attacked by Haraphael.

If the characters do not pipe up at this point, Agent
Keyes chimes in that Haraphael was a known agent of
the Lord of Murder, which seems to support Manat and
Yigal's suspicions. The question then becomes not so
much what is going on as what can be done to stop i
The details are immaterial, Sauvitar argues, since the
fact that a dangerous Earthbound is involved makes the
situation bad enough to necessitate action. What they
ought to do is storm the headquarters of the Blind
Samaritan Foundation, drag Annette Demilenko out of
there and cut off the Earthbound's influence over the
organization. Baphomel objects to this tactic, however,
arguing that Los Angeles is not Dodge City. After
everything the city has been through lately, the last

Fear to TREAD

thing it needs is lawless, violent vigilantism tearing
apart what looks like an organization devoted to help-
ing put things back to normal.

Yigal grudgingly agrees with that sentiment,
and Sauvitar does not press the issue. What they
really need to do, Baphomel says, is look for some
proof of impropriety in either Demilenko's back-
ground or that of her foundation and try to proceed
through mostly legitimate channels. Sauvitar ar-
gues that even if the foundation is operating perfectly
within legal strictures, its head is still in thrall to the
Earthbound, and they cannot in good conscience
let that continue. If the characters do not pipe up
one way or another during this discussion, it will
eventually be Manat and Yigal who suggest a me-
dian approach. The Lord of Murder's influence,
they agree, must be neutralized, but a subtle, mostly
legitimate means of doing so would be best for all
involved. As time is of the essence, however, the
slow-turning wheels of the local and federal justice
system might not be effective soon enough. (Be-
sides, no one has any real proof in the first place that
anything untoward is going on other than a super-
natural impression.) Therefore, it is decided that it
would be acceptable to ignore the mortal search-
and-seizure laws in favor of the greater good.

What it behooves them to do, then, is to dig up
any information they can on the Blind Samaritan
Foundation both from without and from within. In
truth, any evidence of legal impropriety is going to
exist within the foundation's headquarters if at all,
and it is most likely to be found in the organization's
financial records. If someone can get in, take a look
at a copy of those records and discover any proof of
wrongdoing, they can take the first substantive step
in the right direction. They can then decide what to
do about Annette Demilenko (if anything) in hopes
of curtailing the influence of the Earthbound demon
that acts through her.

Now, if you are a lucky Storyteller, your players'
characters will immediately volunteer for the job of
sneaking into the Blind Samaritan Foundation's head-
quarters and looking for the materials in question.
Otherwise, though — if they are slow on the uptake or
hesitant to get any more deeply involved — you might
have to prod them to take action through your Story-
teller characters. Baphomel is the first to disqualify
himself for any such activity. As the Lieutenant Mayor
of the city, he can not allow himself to be seen snooping
around any organization's offices without reasonable
probable cause. He can be among the first to take action
if proof of illicit activities comes out (and he can help
pull strings and bail others out of trouble if need be), but
otherwise, his hands are tied.


Ciaprer THREE

Sauvitar and Yigal both beg off as well, but they
say that they can provide supporting intelligence to
make the job easier for anyone who does it. Yigal cites
similar reasons to those Baphomel gave for not being
involved directly, but she also does not want to spook
Demilenko into possibly withdrawing the foundation's
legitimate monetary support from her charitable ini-
tiatives. Sauvitar explains straight out that he is more
effective working from the sidelines than he is on the
front line or operating behind enemy lines. Manat is
willing to try her luck at the foundation again, but she
does not want to go alone this time, nor does she think
that she can even handle a job like this on her own.
She then turns to the characters for help and protec-
tion, as do the others, who feel that the characters'
superiors in their greater demonic hierarchy would
want them to be proactive in this situation. (And this
sentiment is the very one that their superiors have
already expressed, of course.)

Once the characters agree to help, however grudg-
ingly they might do so, the others decide that this
thing must be done as soon as possible. Taking action
that very Saturday night would be ideal, since the
foundation's headquarters is not likely to be full of
people, nor will it be until Monday morning. There-
fore, any evidence that the characters have been
snooping around could conceivably go unnoticed for
long enough for them to get clear. Plus, the sooner
___ theyact, the sooner they can do something to expunge
any influence the Lord of Murder might have. So
saying, Baphomel suggests that Yigal and Sauvitar
spend the rest of the day gathering what information
they can and have it ready for the characters as early
in the evening as possible so that they can act with as
much information as is available. They agree and
excuse themselves, leaving everyone else the rest of
the day to do as they please.

! Scene Five

The rest of that day passes calmly as the characters
make whatever preparations they deem to be appropri-
ate for that night's planned activity. They seem to
have shaken Manishtusu's agents for the time being, as
well as dodged the attention of the Earthbound itself.
What is more, agents of their infernal hierarchy con-
tact them in the midst of these preparations with
unexpected offers of assistance. Who those agents are,
of course, depends in part on who it is that the
characters work for.

Characters who are members of the Infernal Court
arecontacted by that court's Lion Minister, Fell Knight
Guanli, at about the midpoint of the day. He invokes
all of the characters simultaneously and says that the

Minister of Aurochs has been on his back all day long
telling him to get in touch with them about something
extremely important. Now that he actually has some
time free, Guanli explains, he is able to check in on
them and see just what is so urgent. He asks if they
would like to meet him somewhere or vice versa, or if
they would just like to continue talking remotely like
this. He goes along with whatever the characters
suggest (unless, of course, they try to blow him off for
some reason).

When the conversation continues (under what-
ever circumstances might prevail), Guanli half
explains that he has been busy trying to track down
a rogue fallen Scourge who has been intentionally
infecting prostitutes with sexually transmitted dis-
eases that have been souped up by the demon's
lingering rage and pain from the Abyss. Now that
that matter is settled, Guanli wants to know what
the characters have been up to. He listens to the
characters' explanations with great interest, grum-
bling all the while that Councilman Arroya (that is,
Lord Aglibol) should have given him all the details
earlier. When the characters mention the connec-
tion to the Lord of Murder, Guanli blanches and
murmurs that he had no idea that this was going on
right under his nose. He declares that something
ought to be done — and soon. When the characters
bring up their intention to sneak into the headquar-
ters of the Blind Samaritan Foundation, he attaches
himself to the endeavor with gusto. He has been
uneasy with the situation surrounding the Marshall
School for Troubled Teens since its inception, and
he sees this activity as a possible means of achieving
closure. That, and dealing with threats to the fallen
of this city is his job. He tells the characters to
contact him once they are ready to go in, and he will
be there front and center. In the meantime, he is
going to round up an acquaintance of his who
helped him deal with the situation at the Marshall
School originally, after which he will be eagerly
awaiting contact from the characters.

Characters who are members of the Blood
Court, on the other hand, are contacted by Lady
Nasu, that court's Eagle Minister. She says that
Spentu Mainyu contacted her and informed her of
the characters' situation shortly after he last talked
to them. She asks for an update and listens with
casual interest to the characters' plan to sneak into
the Blind Samaritan Foundation's headquarters.
When they wrap up, Nasu tells them that she is
with Fell Knight Ravana (the Blood Court's Lion
Minister) at the moment and that Ravana has
agreed accompany the characters when they make
their move. She asks them to invoke her (or Ravana


100

herself) when the time comes, so that Ravana can
be ready to meet them and help them out.

Characters who are agents of Lady Al-Lat could
conceivably hear from either Lady Nasu or Fell Knight
Guanli, since both are also Al-Lat's agents them-
selves. Whichever one you choose, that Storyteller
character recommends that Fell Knight Guanli ac-
company the characters on their mission just in case
they run into any more of the trouble that plagued
them last night. After all, if their reporter contact
found trouble at the foundation headquarters, they
might do so as well. Between them, Nasu and Guanli
arrange with the characters for Guanli to meet them
when they are ready to make their move. Guanli also
mentions that he will be bringing along a companion,
with whom he first investigated the situation at the
Marshall School. He then tells the characters that he
will be waiting eagerly to hear from them and breaks
off contact to make his own preparations.

PRELIMINARG INTELLIGENCE
When the characters eventually meet back up
at Baphomel's house, they find Manat, Sauvitar and
Yigal there waiting for them. Should the characters
reveal that help from their higher-ups is going to be
on the way, Sauvitar and Yigal seem pleased, but
Manat seems somewhat put off. She asks, since that

Fear to TREAD

is the case, if the characters even need her to go
along anymore. The choice is up to them, but if they
ask if she wants to go along, she says that she would
like to see this story through. If they decide that it
would be too dangerous to include her, she makes
them promise to at least let her know everything
that happens. For his part, Baphomel would just as
soon see the matter taken care of no matter who is
ultimately involved.

Once that is out of the way, Sauvitar and Yigal tell
the characters everything they have been able to gather
thusfarabout the Blind Samaritan Foundation. Sauvitar
provides the historical data, while it is Yigal who gives
the characters the insider perspective on the headquar-
ters building itself.

For the last three years, Sauvitar tells them,
Annette Demilenko has been the Managing Director
of the Blind Samaritan Foundation. The foundation
has focused primarily on helping the homeless of the
city of Los Angeles and the greater Tri-County Area
by providing them with food, helping them find
housing (however temporary) and giving them ac-
cess to job-training programs. It has largely reserved
its efforts for those persons who are homeless for
reasons beyond their control — such as having undi-
agnosed mental problems or being victims of natural
disasters — but it has recently extended the range of


HAPTER TH

its social programs. It now tries to help victims of
violent crimes, teenage runaways, drug addicts and
children with terminal illnesses.

Annette Demilenko herself is something of a
mystery. She was born in the mid-1950s in New
Mexico, a descendant of Polish immigrants. She
lived a fairly normal life until she dropped out of
college in the'70s and disappeared for more than
two decades. There are sketchy reports of her being
a part of the Weather Underground and various
extremist religious sects but nothing that could ever
be substantiated. She was never reported missing by
her family or friends, though, and when her parents
died, she was still in the will. Just before the turn of
the new millennium, she invested most of the money
that she had saved up over the course of her life
(most of it in the form of inheritance from her
parents' wills) into starting up the Blind Samaritan
Foundation here in Los Angeles. The charity has
had a small but significant presence in the local
community, especially now in the wake of the Devil's
Night Riots. The foundation has received a growing
number of donations since then (as have all of Los
Angeles' local charities), and it has been turning
that money back into community services and out-
reach programs. The latest such program is the
foundation's initiative to take care of the displaced
students of the Marshall School for Troubled Teens,
though ic is still unclear at this time what exactly
can be done with (or for) them.

As for the headquarters itself, Yigal adds, the
Blind Samaritan Foundation operates out of a five-
story office building, located on a commercial estate
not far away from downtown Los Angeles. The build-
ing sits in the middle of a small block of land,
surrounded by a well-maintained lawn and trees. It is
arecent construction of steel and tinted glass, and it
miraculously sustained only minor cosmetic damage
asa result of Devil's Night. A path leads through the
lawn to the plaza entrance and lobby, and visitors in
cars must park in the garage before taking a tiled path
back around to the lobby.

The building has a parking garage with space for
30 cars, which is open on weekdays until 7:00 PM.
The rest of the time, the entrance to the garage is
barred by amechanical gate arm that requires a swipe
card to open. The foundation owns five vans, which
are normally kept here in their own annex. The
garage has elevator and stairwell access, but the doors
leading to both require an employee swipe card.
Visitors must walk around and enter the building
through the lobby. A locked room contains the
building's furnace and air-conditioning setup, as well
as all of its maintenance supplies.

Entering through a plaza area, visitors come into
the lobby via double glass doors. Two receptionists are
ationed here during the workweek, and they do not
allow visitors to enter the elevators without permission,
although visitors cannot operate the elevators without
an employee swipe card. This level also holds the
security office, which is basically a locked room full of
monitors for the building's several closed-circuit cam-
eras. There are no fewer than two guards on duty here
at any given time (even on the weekends). A janitor's
closet is located near the stairs.

The building's second floor holds the kitchens,
used for cooking meals that are then distributed by van
to shelters around the city. The third and fourth floors
house the foundation's offices. Even demons are subject
to bureaucracy, and the Blind Samaritan Foundation
requires administrators, coordinators and accountants.
Both floors are equipped with walled offices, cubicles,
restrooms and lunch areas.

The fifth floor holds the rest of the foundation's
employees' offices, including Annette Demilenko's
office and the office of the foundation's accountant.
Demilenko's office is set off the hallway behind her
personal assistant's office, and it features a large
black desk, conference-call and videoconferencing
capabilities, an expensive personal computer and a
separate television monitor that can access the
security camera footage if she should so choose.
Yigal tells the characters that her impression of
Annette was that the woman liked to be in total
control of her foundation and its staff (hence her
gift from her master). Therefore, she suspects that if
any evidence of corporate wrongdoing is to be found
on the premises, Demilenko's office is the first place
that they should look.

As far as moving about within the building goes,
operating the elevator requires a swipe card for every
floor. Only Demilenko, her guards and the senior secu-
tity guard have swipe cards that can access her office
directly. There is also a master swipe card ina safe in the
security office on the ground floor. The stairwell is for
emergencies only, and opening the door will set off an
alarm. The doors to the staircase are not locked, how-
ever, except on the top floor.

The foundation has a force of eight security
guards who rotate out in two-man shifts to watch
the building 24 hours a day. It took on this added
expense after the Devil's Night Riots, even though
these guards have never had to do more than moni-
tor the feeds from each floor's security camera and
make the rounds of the building and grounds twice
per shift. Each guard is armed with a flashlight and
pepper spray, and they all carry two-way radios.
There are two light pistols ina locker in the security

101

102

room on the ground floor, but the guards are ex-
pected to call the police if serious trouble arises,
rather than taking a lesson from the John Woo
school of corporate security.

According to Yigal, the characters should not
have too much trouble getting in, getting what they
want and getting out with it so long as they work
together and stay calm. She admits, though, that one
can never tell with thralls of the Earthbound. The
security guards might be thralls themselves, or other
demon heavy-hitters like Haraphael might be on the
premises waiting for them (especially since Haraphael
was sent back to the Abyss). The Lord of Murder
must know by now that his thrall at the foundation is
garnering attention from the city's fallen, so there is
really no telling what contingencies he might be
putting in place to safeguard his interest there. Yigal
bids the characters be careful, which Sauvitar sec-
onds. Baphomel echoes this sentiment, but he is
more adamant about the characters keeping their
eyes open. He cannot stress to them enough how
important it is that figure out exactly what the Lord
of Murder is using Demilenko to accomplish and to
look as hard as they can for any evidence that the
Blind Samaritan Foundation is not 100 percent on
the level. As long as the evidence is real, Baphomel
can pull enough strings to have the foundation shut
down and have Annette Demilenko removed as its
managing director (at least temporarily). After that,
the characters are more than welcome to do whatever
is necessary to clean out the last traces of the Lord of
Murder's influence.

When all is said and done, the Storyteller char-
acters who are not going along (Baphomel, Yigal,
Sauvitar and possibly Manat as well) wish the char-
acters and their superior luck and bid them hurry
back with good news.

SCENE Six

Shortly after they leave, the characters presumably
invoke (orsimply telephone) either Fell Knight Guanli,
Lady Nasuor Fell Knight Ravanaas per the events of the
first half of the last scene. Their contact excitedly asks
where the characters want to meet and assures them
that he (or she) will be there soon.

RENDEZ Vous
WITH REINFORCEMENTS

When thecharactersarrive at the rendezvouspoint,
they are met by not one, but four people who look ready
foraction. Two of them areso similar in appearance that
they can only be brother and sister (possibly even
fraternal twins). They are even dressed alike in sleek,

Fear to TREAD

black-leather pants and thin, coffee-colored sweaters,
with subtle golden his-and-hers accessories. They are
standing unsettlingly close to one another with their
hands around each other in a display of intimate famil-
iarity. If the players' characters are members of the
Blood Court, they might recognize these two siblings as
Azhiand Dahaki, two enforcers for Fell Knight Ravana's
Lion Ministry.

The other two folks (a man and a woman) should
be immediately familiar to characters who played
through Suffer the Children or who have been in Los
Angeles and taken part in the local infernal politics.
One is a strikingly attractive young woman with a
well-rounded figure, all of which except for her hands
and head is covered by a layer of somewhat baggy
clothing. The other is a man of Portuguese heritage
who is stocky and in perfect physical condition, and he
is dressed in the uniform of an officer of the Los
Angeles Police Department. The two of them are Fell
Knight Ravana and Fell Knight Guanli, respectively,
and they are chattering excitedly to one another as the
characters approach. The one of them whom the
characters know (based on what background the char-
acters are coming from) introduces the other (if they
don't know both) and explains that said other is here
at his (or her) invitation. (Got that?) Ravana then
introduces Azhi and Dahaki to the characters and vice
versa. She explains that since the characters are not
certain exactly what they might be walking into here
tonight, it is probably best to go in expecting trouble.
That being the case, she would just as soon have two
of her best "troublemakers" there backing her up. As
‘one, the twins respond with, "Amen to that."

It might occur to one or all of your characters at
this point to wonder exactly how all of them plus these
four extra characters (one of whom is dressed as an
officer of the LAPD) can possibly expect to sneak
through a building and get back out again without
raising all sorts of alarms and being noticed by anyone
with a pair of eyes in his head. Should one of the
characters voice this concern (or begin discussing
plans of a clandestine nature), Fell Knight Guanli
announces that he is in no mood for skulking or
scouting. He, Ravana and the twins have been discuss-
ing it, and they have come up with a more
straightforward approach that will be equally (if not
more) effective. He has a significant amount of au-
thority in both mortal and demonic circles, he says,
and this is as good a time as any to exercise some of it.
Ravana adds that they are going to use their aggregate
group's considerable size to overwhelm whatever en-
thralled or demonic guardians the building might
have, as well as to intimidate Annette Demilenko into
giving up without any sort of... messy conflict. Then,


Ciaprer THREE

SAU,

with that, the four of them bid the characters come
along (provided everyone is through roleplaying for
the moment) and make their way toward the head-
quarters of the Blind Samaritan Foundation.

‘THe BLIND
SAMARITAN PouNDATION

When the characters and their four accomplices
arrive at the Blind Samaritan Foundation's head-
quarters, Fell Knight Guanli waves for all of them to
follow him and heads straight for the front door.
Since it is the weekend and the building is closed,
the front door is locked and accessible only by
employee swipe card. Guanli only pauses for a mo-
ment at this obstacle before fishing into his shirt
pocket for a blank white card with a magnetic strip
on one side. He taps his police badge with the card,
grins at the characters and says, "Fake swipe card
membership has its privileges." If the characters ask
where he got such a thing, he replies, "Connections
with a corporate security firm. Hey, you don't get to
be a minister in the Infernal Court if you don't have
connections." (If the characters are fellow agents of
Lady Al-Lat, he tips them a conspiratorial wink
after saying that.)

He leads the characters into the lobby and is
heading for the elevator when one of the security

guards on staff emerges from the security room and asks
him where he and all of these people think they are
going. Guanli stops, turns to look the guard dead in the
eyes and says that he has brought these people here on
official business. When he follows that up by asking if
the guard has a problem with that, the guard stammers
that he does not except that no one told him anything
about it. Guanli snaps back that the guard ought to get
back to his office, call upstairs and check it out with
Demilenko if he wants to know anything else. The
guard does what he is told, apologizing for the inter-
ruption and going back to his office.

If the characters react with surprise to the fact that
Demilenko is actually upstairs right now, Ravana as-
sures them that everything is going fine. "Guanli called
her and arranged a meeting after he spoke to you. She's
waiting for us. Otherwise... the sneaking thing, but we
prefer it this way. Don't worry, though. That foolish
woman has no idea what she's in for."

Guanli then uses his fake swipe card to call an
elevator that all of them pile into and ride to the top
floor of the building. Just before the door opens, the
male twin (Azhi) grins and says, "Here we are, mo-
ment of truth. Everyone try to look intimidating." The
doors open then, and Guanli and Ravana lead the
group to the end of the hallway through an empty and
unlit office into a larger and better decorated office

103

104

beyond it. The legend on the door says "Annette
Demilenko, Managing Director."

The office is lit and occupied by a middle-aged
woman who is sitting at the desk. She is dressed in
business attire accented by jewelry with a distinctly
Southwestern flair, and she is the image of composed
self-confidence. Her eyes take in the crowd that files
into her office, and she stands in greeting, smiling like
any gracious host might. Azhi and Dahaki are the last
two people into the room, and they close the doors once
everyone is inside.

"Officer Azevedo," she says to Guanli. "I believe it
was you who arranged this meeting. You didn't mention
you'd be leading a parade. Would you mind telling me
what this is about?"

"I dare say you can guess, Ms. Demilenko," Guanli
says. "Annette. You've been drawing attention to your-
self. These... citizens—" he says this indicating the
players' characters "—have caught wind of what you're
up to. They even have a pretty good idea of who you
work for. Isn't that interesting?"

"Can we just cut the crap, please?" Ravana inter-
rupts, which elicits an excited giggle from the twins
by the door.

"Yes," Demilenko says, "let's do that. You say
these strangers are on to me? They're the reason you're
here — we're all here — right now? Are they even
fallen? Then yes, let's ‘cut the crap."" She then ad-
dresses the characters directly, with a glint of madness
growing in her eyes. As she speaks, she begins to walk
around the room looking at each of the characters in
turn. "Do you really know what my foundation is doing
in this city? Can you possibly know how perfect an
instrument I've made it with the gifts Manishtusu has
given me? He gave me power in return for worship, and
T've used that power to make for him an alter on which
to sacrifice the world.

"There's a war coming, you fools, and Manishtusu
intends to win it. But he needs soldiers to fight it,
and my organization helps him drum them up. | offer
him the weak and downtrodden that even my foun-
dation can't help, and he fills their worthless, wasted
shells with warriors eager to lay siege to this world
and raze it to its foundations. I've been doing it for
years, even before that bouquet of brats from the
Marshall School fell in my lap like manna from
Heaven. And you think you're just going to waltz in
here and stop me?"

At this point, Demilenko stops her meandering
(and her matching dialogue) for a moment to stand
between Fell Knight Ravana and Fell Knight Guanli.
When she does, she smiles and looks back and forth at
the pair of them before glaring triumphantly at the

Fear 0 TREAD

characters again. "You fools have no idea what you've
gotten yourselves into. You see, unlike me, you have
no idea who your friends are or who you can count on.
For instance, I wanted Guanli and Ravana, and even
Azhiand Dahaki over there, to be here when youcame
because | know I can count on them. Like me, they
know that the only way to survive the coming war is to
be on the right side." She then looks at the fell knights
again and says, "Don't you?"

"We do," Guanli says, (to what is hopefully the
players' characters' shock). "It's true."

Ravana nods and adds, "Yes. We've all chosen
Manishtusu as our master." The twins excitedly whisper
the Earthbound's name as well. "But unlike some people,
we don't arouse undue suspicion to that fact by showing
off on the job." She then lays a hand over Demilenko's
face and performs the evocation Extinguish Life.
Demilenko jerks and her body goes rigid as if she has
been jolted with electricity, then she slumps lifeless as
her soul is severed from her body. She crumples to the
floor dead as a stone.

Then, before the players' characters can react,
Guanli, Ravana and the twins close ranks around
them, and Guanli addresses them. When he speaks,
he is calm and friendly but deadly serious. "A danger-
ous and arrogant liability, that woman, but she was
telling the truth. There isa war coming, and it's going
to make Devil's Night look like a church picnic. We
picked the side that's going to be left standing at the
end, and we're offering you the choice to do the same
if you want to walk out of here. This would be a lot
easier if that McIntyre clown had been able to figure
out how Vandermeer compelled obedience from the
demons he summoned for Enshagkushanna, but he
never did, no matter how we motivated him." The
twins giggle again.

"So, it looks like you're just going to have to make
a choice. Either swear on your True Names that you'll
throw in with the Lord of Murder when the new war
comes, or spend the rest of eternity regretting the
alternative. What's it going to be?"

CONCLUSION

The way this story (and, indeed, the entire Fear
to Tread chronicle) ends is entirely up to you and
your players. If they accept Guanli's offer, he orders
them to reveal their True Names in an invocation
to their lord Manishtusu so as to seal the deal. They
can then get back to their "normal" lives with an
admonition to keep their new allegiance secret and
be on the lookout for ways in which they can serve
their master.


Civprer THREE

If they refuse, the characters are going to have to
fight their way out of this room and escape these four
fierce and dedicated warriors. Yet, even if they should
manage to do so, Manishtusu has other servants both
great and small all over Los Angeles (and who knows
where else). Unless they find some serious help from
people they can trust, they won'tbe able to rest comfort-
ably. After all, as many times as the Lord of Murder has
been invoked in this scene alone, he should be well
aware of who the characters are and what they look like
by now.

Should the characters manage to find some safe
haven, though, the vista of a whole new chronicle

opens out before them. They now know for sure that
Manishtusu has secret operatives all over Los Ange-
les, some extremely high placed in the city's respective
demonic courts. They also know that he is building
up forces in secret for some grand, climactic confron-
tation in what might be the very near future. Knowing
this, the characters could choose to run and hide, or
they could choose to try to root out Manishtusu's
other hidden pawns, clean up the demonic court they
serve and possibly even take a stand against the
Earthbound itself.

Provided, that is, that they are not afraid to take
that first fateful step...

105


Heed not Mephistopheles, my children, lest you suffer
eternal damnation. When he whispers in your ear, turn
away your head and hearken instead to the angel on your

shoulder.

—Harry Segall, Angel on My Shoulder

The following isa roster ofall the major Storyteller
( characters who motivate the action of the Fear to
)) Tread chronicle, as well as all the important minor
characters. Their backgrounds, goals and general per-
sonalities are collected here for ease of reference so that
the same write-ups don't have to appear time and again
ineach story in which these characters take part. You'll
recognize many of them from Demon: City of Angels,
though all the material in that book has not been
carried over to this one. Only the background material
that is germane to this book's stories appears here for the
sake of avoiding repetition.

You'll also notice that full Trait ratings are not
included with every characterwrite-up. Whatever might
be missing has been omitted intentionally in favor of
broader guidelines toallow youto scale these Storyteller
characters' levels of proficiency relative to yout players'
characters. Should you find yourself in need of hard
Traits, yet you don't have time before a game to write

them out, the sample characters in the Antagonists
chapter of Demon: The Fallen (or modified represen
tations thereof) can serve nicely. And, of course, if
you're injecting these stories into an ongoing chronicle
of your own, you may substitute wholly new Storyteller
characters of your original design as you see fit.

Tre Earrizs0unp

While they donotmake physical appearances (oronly
terribly brief ones) in the stories that make up the Fear to
Tread chronicle, the mad, unknowable Earthbound have
adefinite presence throughout. Many of the events going
on behind the scenes are being carried out on their behalf,
and if not for them, the fallen in the setting would have
significantly less trouble on their hands.

The following two malignant entities are the ones
with the most noticeable presence in the greater Tri-
County Area centering on Los Angeles. A third


108

Earthbound figure has also begun to exert his influence in
this volatile arena, but he does not play a significant part
in this chronicle's events. The following text deals pri-
marily with these beings' greater goals and motivations,
rather than what specific evocations or Trait ratings they
can bring to bear against the characters. You may safely
tailor theirpowers tosuit the needsof your game. Youalso
have the freedom to distill the basic elements of each
being's personality into a more general form, then use it
as the basis for your own Earthbound antagonist.

If youare interested in a more detailed analysis of an
Earthbound demon's power and statistics, see the De-
mon Storytellers Companion.
ENSHAGKUSHANNA

Enshagkushanna is a mighty force when compared
to the fallen, but he is one of the least of thesBarth-
bound. He is a lowly vassal to the mighty Archdiike
Dagon — one of the first Earthhoutid to appear in the
physical world — and although he made himself'a
mighty god to early huimans,.Enshagkushanna never
attracted much avténtion beyond' the Ganges River
where his reliquary was hidden. He quickly vanished
from view as hisworship dropped off, and he has slept for
many centuries since. x

Tt was not until 1985 that he was reawakened. A
small grotip*6f dévotees who had plenty of unhealthy
curiosity buemo tealfaith made a pilgrimage to India and
there learned the true nature of the being to which they
had experimentally begun to pray. It cost the groggy
Enshagkushainna his last reserve of strength» to take
possession of one of the ingenue cultists and speak to the
others, but the gamble paid off. The manifestation de-
stroyed theunfortunate worshiper Enshagkushanna chose,

Fexnro TREAD

but the other followers were suddenly brimming over
with faith when they performed their rituals.

As luck would have it, one of the surviving follow-
successful television producer. While probing
the minds of his new devotees, Enshagkushanna quickly
grasped the potential of the so-called "City of Angels,"
and he commanded his thralls to have his reliquary
moved to the Tri-County Area, specifically Catalina
Island. The Earthbound then set out to cement his
influence throughout the television media, as well as
the movie-studio system. At the same time, he began
developing influence in the Los Angeles Police Depart-
mentand the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
In this endeavor, he enjoyed some immediate success,
even though his plans moved more slowly than he
might have hoped. (In fact, this Earthbound has been
having. difficulties lately with a deputy named Jeff
Black, though he éannot yet tell whether these difficul-
ties are the results of concerted @ppé8ition or simply
ificonvenienticoincidences.)

Intending to develop theveity into, aynewtearthly
bastion for his master, Dagon and toset himselfup as
its steward as a reward for all his/hard work — every-
thing seemed to go fine for Enshagkushanna/formore
tWan.a decade. Yet when the lesser fallen began.unex+
pécted|remetging from,thie Abyss en'masse, hesuddenly
found himselfon the front lines of the battle. He lost
most Of his political influefce.to the" Devil Spentu
Mainyu, and the Lucifefan Scourgé Vritran wrestled
away a fairamount of influence'in the entertainment
industry4Bashagkushanna cafi see his dreams of control
over és Angelés slipping away, but he is determined
notte go down withotit a fight.

Recéntly, rum@rs surfaced that Lucifer was in Los
Angeles. Wastihg notime, Dagon contacted his vassal
and demanded that he (that is, Enshagkushanna) find
thé Betrayer at once. The news stunned the beleaguered
Earthbound, who was frantically preoccupied by struggles
with both his prineipal rival, Manishtusu, and greedy,
opportunistic fallen whoseemed to think that they were
entitled to something, justybecause they had clawed
their way out ofHellion their own. Time was not on
Enshagkushafina's side, however, and as Devil's Night
explodedyEnshagktishanna could do nothing but order
his people back to Catalina Island. There, they watched
Maniishtust and his minions run wild, and they waited,
and'they planned.

The first tentative steps of Enshagkushanna's new
‘bid for power have only recently been taken. One of his
most trusted thralls has taken over the position of
headmaster at an ailing school known as the Marshall
School for Troubled Teens and solicited its services to
wealthy and frustrated parents of troubled teens. When
they just can not take their children's misbehavior any

ers was


Cnvprer Four

longer, parents at their wits' end can send the unruly
youngsters toa facility that combines the best aspects of
acounseling center, a rehab clinic, a military boarding
school and a prison. On the other end of the social
spectrum, less well-off parents whose children have run
afoul of the law can beg the court's mercy and have their
children sent to the Marshall School instead of prison
ora less charitable juvenile-detention center.

However, a horrible fate awaits these children.
Once they arrive, the weakest among them are subject
toaseemingly endless cycle of abuse until their souls are
broken, and then, ademon issummoned from the Abyss
to occupy their bodies. Before this pe ion is allowed
to occur, however, Enshagkushanna's thralls in charge
of the ceremony compel the demon by his True Name
to serve Enshagkushanna in all things. Should the
summoned demon resist and refuse, he earns himselfian
immediate free fall back to the Abyss

MANISHTUSU

The' Lord of'Murdet is his titlé. This Devourer's
savagery is legéndary, and though he is considered only
a mid-level Earthbound ia terms of outright power,
somestilhconsider him'the most dangerous because he
iSsounpredictable and destructive. It can not be denied!
that Manishtusu showed signs\of nascentnadnéss,and
wanton cruelty long before any ofthe othér fallén, and.
after the crimé*of the Third Mortal, Manishtusu's'be~
havior becamea thing of nightmares so potent that they
persist even today in humankindis genetiqamemory.

Yet, for all his eminenée among demons ahd angels
alike, a mystery surrounds howythe Lordiof Murdércame
to Los Angeles. He was certainlyin resideniee as eatly.as
the Great Gold Rush of 1849, burndioné seemsito know
how he came to be there in the firstplaée, Some believe

that it was the explorer Juan Cabrillo who brought him
here at the behest of the Catholic Church, which had
kept the demon's reliquary hidden in the Vatican until
a means of disposing of the unholy object was discov-
ered. These scholars of the arcane believe that that is
why the settlers chose for their village a desert location
at what must have seemed like the end of the world.
Theyalso point to this theory to explain why thesettlers
built a church before anything else.

Other theories have arisen in time, each describing
a different route Manishtusu's reliquary followed from
the Old World to the New, and Cryptic research su;
gests that some of them were authored by the Earthbound
himself, Regardless of the path, however, the reliquary
has ended up here — and not by accident.

Before the Fall, Manishtusu was close friends with
the Fiend Chenrezig, who confided in Manishtusu a
prophecy thata mighty battle for the fate of all life would
be fought in "the valley of many smokes." When the
Fallénpwere cast into the Abyss and this battle had not
oceurred, Manishtusu blithely assumed that he would
eventually be free again by neéessitysThis understanding
eventually bore ftself olfteons ater When he was sum-
moned from the Abyss bya powerful sorcerer and bound
into an ancient and powerful weapon. Exerting his
infernal influence on those who tried to wield it, the
Earthbound contrived for his reliquary to pasgftom hand
to hand and to travel the wide world. When he finally
found the place that he believed Chenrezig had spoken
of, he had the weapon hidden, and from that time on, the
Lord of Murder drifted in and out of sleep, Waiting.

With the reemergence of the fallen froni the Abyss
—which Manishtusu has long considered inevitable
the Earthbound roused himself and set about acquiring
servants from their number. His ultisnaté goal) is to
rebuild the rebel army with himself at its head and:start
a brand new War of Wrath. Whether itis a conflict of
angels, fighting demons, demons fighting, each other,
demonspdestroying human beings or human beings
dBsxoyinBeach other in the name of mutually exclusive
reigns ahishtusu does not care. Heygemisses the
savage thrill of world-spanning amis) tearing each
other apart while God looks the,other way. His primary
rival is the instfferabl@toady'Enshagkushanna, who is
more concerned with populating and maintaining a
trench line for the absent Dagon than with preparing

"actual warriors for.actual combat.

Tue FaLLEN

While the newly returned Yallén, are Rot as profi-
cient with their evocations as the Earthbotind, and
despite the fact that they are confusedby theit immer-
sion and rebirth in human hosts, they aréarguably more

109

{10

effective on a local level than their elder cousins. They
ate freer to go to and fro on the earth, and up and down
init. In addition, they are better able to work together
toward mutually beneficial goals because they are start-
ing their new lives on a more even footing than the
Earthbound ever had to do. Although each serves his
own ends, the fallen as a whole are better able to
organize and work together for a greater common good,
just as they first did at the dawn of Creation.

Yet, the Earthbound recognize this power in their
diminished cousins, and they are not above warping ot
subvertingiit for theirown sinister purposes when they can.

Lord AGLIBOL

Deep in the heart of the Devil Aglibol exists a dark
core of jealousy. When he looked on the world he helped
create, all he could see was that the parts Lucifer oversaw
were better than his. Yet, even as he resented the
Morningstar's preeminence, Aglibol adored Lucifer)
When the Great Debate began, Aglibol declared loudly
and fiercely against it, yet when Lucifer announced his
support, Aglibol joined the cause without hesitation.

Throughout the Ages that followed, Aglibol could
always be found at Genhinnom or near Lucifer's side. He
rose through the ranks quickly and effortlessly, not as a
measure of his skill and ability, but more by virtue. ofthis
unswerving loyalty and devotion,to the Lightbringer. He

adored the Prince for his effortless perfection, even asthe

Lightbringer's reflected glory highlighted Aglibol's own
perceived shortcomings. As the war ground on, Aglibol
frequently abused the authority Lucifer vested in him,
shielded from reproach by his rank and stature in the
Morningstar's grand councils. By the war's end, Aglibol was
widely despised by the noblesofthe infernal host, and when
itwas clear that Lucifer wasnotdestined for the Abyss, these
lords turned on their petty,tormentor withoutmercy, mak-
inghisexistencea literal hell: When the Maelstromruptured
the walls of the Abyss, Aglibol was one of the first escapees.

Onearth, Councilman Jesus Arroya, one of onlythree
minority councilmen on the)J5-man goyerning body of
Los Angeles, and the only Latino, worked late into the
night every night of the week before he finally sticcumbed
to the incessant pressures of the,job. Although it was only
anervous breakdown, not death, it weakened the mortal
tether sufficiently for Aglibol to take controle.

Asa human, Countilman Arréya had beena fait but
dedicated crusader for the rights of his people, but with
Aglibol in charge, that quickly changed. Where Arroya
wanted his fellow men to help themselves to become
stronger and had fought to level the playing field against
white politicians and businessmen, Aglibol felt only
resentment at the mistreatment heaped on him for no
better reason than the color of his skin. Within two
months, Aglibol moved from the humble house in East

Fear to TREAD

LA where Arroya had lived most of his life to a palatial
estate in Beverly Hills, financed by a tide of recent bribes
and kickbacks. Not long after, Aglibol came to the
attention of the city's new tyrant, Spentu Mainyu. Rec-
ognizing the Devil's crippling self-doubts, Spentu
"rewarded" Aglibol with the Ministry of Aurochs, well
aware of the feud it would create between Aglibol and
Vohu Mano, a demon whose enmity for Aglibol went
back to the Age of Wrath. Spentu was not disappointed.

Roleplaying Hints: Aglibol has always beena little
creepy because of his internal conflict over his love for
Lucifer, but this fairly minor flaw has since become a
raging obsession. He argues with himself and suspects
everyone of trying to betray him to Lucifer, even though
he has done nothing wrong (or so he insists).

His influence has left a mark on the street gangs of
East Los Angeles, but the recent absence of his leader-
ship means that they are running out of control. The
baroness has ordered him to rein in the excesses of his
gangs, but Aglibol pretends not to have received the
messages. He knows a confrontation is coming, and he
wants to avoid it, but he does not know how.

LapuAL-Lar

Like so many Malefactorsy Al-Lat was drawn to

Lucifer's side not for philosophical reasons but from a
need to hélp mankind undérstand the wonders presented
them: She:watited to,eplain how to use the marvelous
tools she and her sisters had created. She wanted humans
tolove and understand her, not fear her. Eager to be freed
from the restrictionsplaced on her by the Almighty, Al-
Lat joined Lucifer without hesitation.
Yet, in the ages that followed, Al-Lat found the
passion that had moved her to join the rebel cause
wanifig She felé the-honor of Caine's crime. She
witnessed thé atrocities thanwouldsbecome common-
place among her fellow angels. The final heartbreak was
the‘failure of the Time of Babel Disillusioned before
being cast into the Abyss, Al-Lat desperately wanted to
understand how everything could have gone so wrong.
She s85n founda howiewith the Cryptics.

Gipontel, who,helped run the faction, became an
especially fast friend. The two tried to prop up each
others' sanity duriny thehendless monotony of the
Abyss. Al-dbat escaped the Abyss before her friend but
knew'Gipontel would‘soon be following.

Returning to the mortal world, Al-Lat felt an at-
traction to Xiao Yuen, a young woman of Chinese
descent who had been sold into virtual slavery by her
Parents in return for her escape from China. She had no
ape except suicide, so she drank a bottle of
rat poison and closed her eyes, ready to die.

‘AL-Latopened them andset offin search of Gipontel.
It took her a month to find him, but eventually, she did,

means of es


Cuaprer FOUR

joining Gipontel in the city of Atlanta. The Cryptics
were working hard to control all cities that served as
major transport hubs, such as Atlanta, New York,
Chicago and Dallas. The leaders wanted to form an
expedition to Los Angeles, and Al-Lat's timely arrival
made her a logical choice.

Placed in charge of Lady Nasu and Lord Chenrezig
and ordered to recruit others, Al-Lat was sent to the
City of Angels. When she arrived, she carefully scouted
the Tri-County Area, developing an encyclopedic
knowledge of the area and its inhabitants. Two pieces of
information soon troubled her. One was the arrival of
Anat, Dagon's lover, but she managed to deal with that,
via Spentu Mainyu, by having Nasu appointed to the
head of the Blood Court's Eagle Ministry. More disturb-
ing was the knowledge that Lucifer himself walked the
streets of Los Angeles. There was no hint of why he was
there, only the certain knowledge that he was present.

Studying the storm she saw looming on the horizon,
AL-Lat decided that to take control of a city that was
about to explode was foolish, and she adopted a plan
much like Spentu Mainyu's. She would wait and let
someone else endure the indignity of losing control of,
the city. When Devil's Night erupted, Al-Lat felt justi-
fied in her decision.

Roleplaying Hints:\Knowledge is paramountsto
AlL-Lat. She w
Rebellion went wrong. She warits to.

derstand what

has happened to the world. She Wants to understand |

English. She wants to understan@>weat the Almighty
meant by setting all these aétiohs in motion. The
pursuit of these questions ocoupies Al-Lat's everyiwak-

ing moment. It also is her blind spot because she does"

not understand that some fallen not only do not want to
understand why, they resent her attempts to find out.

LapwANar

Almost from her inception, Anat loved Dagon.
When that mighty Devil opted to defy the Almighty,

Anat joined him. Every military action: in which the —

archduke engaged was carefully planned by Anat; her
genius and his ferocity made for anearly. uustoppable
force, and the pair raged through the Loyalists without
mercy. To Anat, these were'the golden years, when she
had a cause to believe inyan enemy to araple with and
her lover always by hegeide.

So it continued"until the Abyss and Lucene he
trayal. To be defeated and punished, both she and Dagony
could handle, but to have the Morningstar abandon!
them was a pain neither could bear. At first, they tried to
argue that all was well, that Lucifer was free and working
to save his followers, but time passed. It passed so slowly.
Minutes became years. Time crawled inevitably forward
with no hope of change on the horizon.

ants to understand why andiWhere the —

Try as they might to maintain their ideals, Anat
and Dagon found themselves wondering what had
become of Lucifer. This doubt gave way to suspicion.
Had the Morningstar betrayed them? Had he led a
rebellion he knew would fail? It made sense. No creature
had been closer to the Almighty than the Morningstar.
No creature ever loved the Creator so purely as Lucifer
had. If God had ordered him to, Lucifer would surely
have done anything. Suspicion became certainty. Luci-
fer had betrayed them.

They would endure this eternal Hellalone. Thoughts
of what they would do if ever they could lay their hands
onthe Betrayer filled the lovers' minds. They passed each
eternal moment devising new and elaborate methods to
torture Lucifer, and others came to join in their litany of
hate. This was the beginning of the Ravener Faction.

Then, Dagon and the other four archdukes van-
ished. Anat went mad. The fallen fled from her fury as

_she raged against the nothingness. The fallen could not
die, but Anat made their existence worse with her

temper. Heranchor to sanity had been Dagon, and with

him gone, her animosity spiraled out of control. The

ly information that reached her mind was when she
heard that cracks had appeared in the walls of the Abyss.
Forcing all out of her way, Anat charged the breach.
_gpiWhen she awoke in thé physical world, Anat ex-
plored théllimits of her néw frame for just an hour before
she \called out to. Dagon. And he responded.

Moving quiekly, Anat went in search of Dagon. She
found him in the desetts of Iraq on what had once been
Mount Saphon. Dagon's,thralls had already awakened
hbound, and Anat was just one more sign that it
@ to move toward the endgame. Dagon had

"received word that the Betrayer had been sighted in Los

Angeles. Since Ariat was more mobile than Dagon, she
was dispatched to investigate because Dagon did not trust
the vassal who was already there who had not évéitbeen

aware of Lucifer's presence. Anat chose not to contact
Enshagkushanna, the untrustworthy vassal, but rather
Ben to theG@ity of Angilags a normal fallen to see if she

"couldigain access to theirnetwork of information.

Instead, she ended up forming the secretive Blood
Court ¥OUaMineiMetieyil Spentu Mainyu's advice for
three of the ministry posts! the Ministry of Eagles (Nasu),
the Ministryof Aurochs (Inana) and the Ministry of Dust
(Vrittan). Shé then named Fell Knight Ravana the Lion
Mgnt and Spentu Mainyu himself as the Dragon
Minister. With the Blood Court thus completed, Anat

~ charged them all with one task: locate Lucifer:

‘All ried. They searched. They tapped every resource,
butthey could not find the Betrayer, until the night Lucifer
‘manifested high in the sky above them. Anat seethed at
the vision that hovered above her, yeteven asshe gathered
her power to attack it, the angel vanished.


112

Roleplaying Hints: Anat's hatred of Lucifer and
her love for Dagon have left her entirely blind to the
monster that her lover has become, and her obsession
with punishing the Betrayer leads her to ever-greater
heights of excess and cruelty. Soon, she will be forced to
make good threats she's made against the ministers of
her court for failing to locate Lucifer, and when that
happens, she will either be forced to draw upon Dagon
directly for support or leave herself vulnerable to accu-
sations of weakness and incompetence.

Pei Kuiant ASHun

Asa member of the Sixth House, Ashur found no
joy in the company of his fellow angels that could
compare with the delight of his forests. Even deserts
held more lively interests for Ashur than the idealistic
debates of other angels. However, the restrictions laid
onhimandhis fellows to remain unknown to Adam and
Eve bit deeply into his core. Here was the perfection of
the wild, and he could not interact with it. Others of the
Sixth House, in general, did not feel as he did, but Ashur
was long used to being the odd one out.

When Lucifer stood in defiance of the Almighty
and that odious restriction, Ashur quickly took "his
place at the First Rebel's side. He had not participated
in any of the debates. [Adeed, he had been largely
unaware of their existence, but once the,choice was
placed before him, Ashur was notslow/to choose sides.

Ashur quickly became feared as a warrior and was
raised to the rank of fell knight. When the Legions
formed, Ashur unhesitatingly joined the Iron Legion
because — though he was anvaccomplished fighter and
widely feared as stich —-Ashur preferred to foster life
and defend than attack. It was in the Iron Legion that
he met Kishar and discovered love?

Then he was capturediand taken to Sagun. Here, he
languished for two months in the dark bowels, of the
labyrinth awaiting his judgment from the Almightyaln
that darkness, he realized that his only regret was being
separated from Kishar. Likean answer to a prayer, one
day, his cell door opened, and there stood Kishar.
Together, they fled to the mountains around Sagun,
and there, they pledged never to be parted again and
whispered each in the other's ear their True Names.

From then on, they,fought back-to-back in every
battle. They never stodped to the atrocities theirfellow,
fallen did. Neither did they offer quarter to any foe the
Morningstar sent them to face. They did not achieve
the fame that some of the fallen earned. They partici
pated in no debates. They sought no glory, only sucéess
for Lucifer and prosperity for mankind.

Even once they were banished to the Abyss, the two
lovers stayed at each others' side and kept a quiet but
firm support for Lucifer. They were not worried that

Fear to TREAD

their Lord was not present. That surely wasa good thing.
It meant he was free to operate and eventually free his
army. When the archdukes disappeared, they nodded
their heads knowingly and waited.

When, centuries later, cracks appeared in the walls
of the Abyss, and Kishar and Ashur quickly challenged
the breach together. However, the pull of the Abyss
once they were free separated the two lovers as they
fought to anchor themselves in the physical world.

AsJeff Black (aLos Angeles County sheriff's deputy)
fell victim to a drive-by shooting, Ashur took up resi-
dence. In life, Jeff had been a highly respected officer,
famous for his steadfast honesty. When scandal after
scandal rocked the LAPD and the LA County Sheriff's
Department, Jeff was always cleared. It was this moral
fortitude which resonated with the searching Ashur.

From that time on, his mind raged with a need to
make amends with the Almighty. Ashur has been pos-
sessed by Jeff Black's need to protect his family, and the
thought that his girls could suffer because of the hubris of
the fallen causes him pain. The arguments of the
Reconcilers, which had seemed so childish and pathetic
to him before, now rang with truth. In this rush of
emotions, Ashur nearly forgot about Kishar, his lost love.

When his lover found him,he could not believe the
Change. in her. The one heyfemembered was kind and
loving, full'of understanding, but the creature with whom
he found himself talking was harsh. Kishar showed nosigns
of mercy and seemed willing to let all life die if Lucifer so
ordered. Try as height, Ashur has not been able to reach
his lover. His feelings forher have not lessened, however.

So.as notto,become asrisk.to Kishar now that she
has become the ruler of Los Angeles, Ashur has re-
moved himself from politics and will not attend court.
Instead, he triestio work as much good as he can through
his job and'community.

Roleplaying Hints: In spite of their sudden philo-
sophical differences, Ashur is still very like Kishar. He's
very strict, especially with himself, and permits no gray to
confuse his view of the world. His love for Kishar is
stronger'than ever, but it is now tinged with a fear of her
ruthlessness.iIn speech, he is simple and straightforward.

Ashur is very scrupulous in avoiding politics be-
cause he does not want to Become a burden to Kishar,
who is.ha¥ing enough trouble, keeping the city under
control. As of right now, nobodyknows that Ashur and
Kishar know each other's True Names, but should that
ever change, then life would become even harder for the
beleaguered baroness.

AZHIAND DAHAKI

Bric-et-Brac were born twins. Daniel and Danielle
Montague grew up in middle class suburbia in the Tri-
County Area. All of their lives, they knew they were


Craprer Four

different. They could not understand why their parents
were so upset with them when they were discovered
exploring each others bodies late one night. Though
beaten and punished, the two continued to explore
their sexuality — at first with each other, then with
other partners.

Through this process, they discovered that they
preferred members of their own sex for coupling but that
nobody interested them romantically. As they grew
older, the twins both became interested in dance to
express themselves, and they took the stage name Bric-
et-Brac to mask their blood relationship. In this
environment, the two flourished — until Danielle had
the misfortune to attract the eye of a rich old man who
was looking for a new mistress.

The old lecher pursued Danielle, and though she
resented his attentions, neither she nor her brother
knew how to confront the old man. In the end, the two
decided to commit suicide by breathing the exhaust
fumes of their car. Into their bodies came the souls of a
pair of fallen lovers who had leapt from the Abyss
together. Azhi and Dahaki assumed control of the twins
and resumed their ancient love affair with a new pase
sion. They use this passion to inspire Faith from the
audiences in the Hallow Cube, where they frequently.
go to reap.

Politically, they serve Fell, Knight Ra¥vana's Lion
Ministry. Like her Infernal Courtéounterpart and lover,
Ravana is an absentee head of her ministry. The differ-
ence is that Azhi and Dahaki donot allow this lack of
leadership to prevent them from attacking those they
perceive as being threats,tothe Blood. Gourt..The two,
are planning to replace Ravanaas soonas possible. Both
are Raveners of the most intense kind.

Willpower: 7/8 (Azhi/Dahaki)

Faith: 6/7

Torment: 8/8

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Flesh (same for both)
Lore: Flesh 2, Beast 2, Fundament 2 (same for both)

BAPHOMEL

As a teenager, Troy Daniels joined the Young
Republicans; in college, hé served one his school's
senate. From his youngestdays, Troy dreamt of being a
leader, and he spent his adult life pursuing this)goal.
This is what brought'him to the offices of the Mayor,
where he worked as an intern. He spent his nights.
compiling data on the other politicians of the city and
running errands for the Lieutenant Mayor.

On one of these errands, he was hit by a drunk
driver and suffered immediate brain damage, but
Baphomel was there and in need of a host. The Troy
Daniels who walked away from the wreck was a very

differentcreature. Baphomel was tired of servingothers.
He had followed others all through the war, and the
Abyss had been his only reward. Now, Baphomel wanted
to be the one giving the orders.

Using the information Daniels had assembled,
Baphomel began a campaign of blackmail directed at the
city's politicians and fundraisers. Troy had been an invet-
erate record keeper and had witnessed more indiscretions
than he had realized. Baphomel was clever and ruthless.
Soon, the Devil was the Lieutenant Mayor, a post he could
never have achieved under legal circumstances.

Inphilosophy, Baphomel is closest to a Cryptic, but
he has declared himselfa Luciferan because he currently
serves as a freelance agent for the Ministry of Aurochs
under the staunchly conservative Aglibol. From his
position as Lieutenant Mayor, Baphomel was Aglibol's
chief line of information to potential threats to the
fallen of Los Angeles, but Devil's Night has negated
that usefulness. What is worse for Baphomel is the
destruction of City Hall because that is where he hid
most of the proof of wrongdoings that he used to
blackmail the other politicians.

These days, Baphomel spends his time haunting
the remains of City Hall, hoping that the construction
workers who are clearing the site will eventually come
aetossthe black safe whereallf the material so vital tohis
survival is'stored.

Image: Troy, Daniels was a clean-cut American
young man of vaguely Irish ancestry. From his flawle:
complexion to his neatly trimmed brown hair to his
spotless suit and tie to,his ever-present leatherette
briefease, he affected the almost stereotypical costume
of the young political hopeful: The infusion of his body

~ with the spirit of Baphomel added a canny edge and an

unrelenting intengity to his demeanor, which only
improved thatimage. Lately, however, his countenance
has grown somewhat haggard, and desperation issetting
in,asjhis world has literally crumbled around him.

Roleplaying Tips: To people of Los Angeles,
Baphomel continues toputup a good front. He has been
working almost nonstop with the Mayor to help restore
order andtinject whatever modicum of sanity back into
the citizens' lives he can. He puts on confident airs and
assures everyone he canithat things will be back to
normal verysoon. He tries toconvey the same message
tothe fallen with whom he has'tegular contact, but his
words of assurance are less convincing. With minions of
the Earthbound on the loose and the Morningstar
coming out of hiding, who knows when (or if) things
willever be back to normal.

Lonb CHENREZIG

When the world was young Chenrezig's dearest friend
had been Manishtusu. When the Great Debate had raged,

3

114

the two enjoyed spending their time arguing either side of
the situation, but in their hearts, they both chafed at the
restriction set on them by the Almighty, so, when Lucifer
sent out his call, the two friends quickly answered.

God's punishment struck them both hard, but more
so Manishtusu. As time passed, Chenrezig began to
worry for his friend, who seemed to pass a majority of his
time arguing with himself. One day, Manishtusu came
to Chenrezig asking him to explore the possible lines of
the future to see what he saw. Happy to oblige his friend,
Chenrezig cast his mind into the future.

It came back with a vision of Hell. Monoliths of
unnatural stone and glass towered over an enslaved
humanity. The people fought each other, but there was
no sign of God or the fallen. Its name seemed to mock
Chenrezig. This nightmare took place in the City of
Angels ina land of smoke and fire. Horrified, Chenrezig
shared what he had seen with Manishtusu.

Afterward, Manishtusu became more s

Abyss, Chenrezig no longer recognized his humor-loving
friend within the snarling savage he had become. In some
ways, it was a blessing when Manishtusu vanished from
the Abyss shortly after the archdukes did, although
Chenrezig was slow to recognize this at the time.

Throughout his confinement, questions plagued
Chenrezig. What had happened to his:friénd? How:
could the Almighty suffer these things happen to His
creation? Was this all a part of the plan? Where did
Lucifer's disappearance fit into alflofthis? By the timehe
escaped through the fractures,in.the walls of the Abyss,

Chentezig was a confirmed Gryptic,

Once he returned to'the physical world, ehenreae
made no effort to resume his host's mortal life. Instead, the
Fiend went in searchof his fellow fallenjand foundacoterie
of Cryptics who.were attenipting to establishncontrol over
the ity. The plan of the Cryptics was to try to have control
of primary travel hubs such as Atlanta, Dallasand Chicago.
This team was formed and dispatched to LA. :

Chenrezig willingly complied with his superiors?
wishes and began insinuating himself into the homeless
culture of Los Angeles, specifically Santa' Monica.
Chenrezig had his own reason ae ames pptome to
the City of Angels. He hadiot forgotten the prophecy
he had shared with Manishtusu so manypmillennia
before, and he was detérmined to uncover what poten
tial enemy had enslaved the people, rendering them $0
devoid of faith.

Roleplaying Hints: Although Chenrezig is nowla
transient, Daniel Gopal was a brilliant biochemist, and
that knowledge still resides in Chenrezig. More than
one person who has struck up a conversation with
Chenrezig has been startled by how keen and active his
mind is. There is also a missing persons report filed on

-cretive and
suspicious. By the time the fallen were cast into the -

Fear to TREAD

Chenrezig with the FBI because Daniel Gopal was a
citizen of India.

Like so many of the fallen, Chenrezig is conflicted
by personal desire and duty, but he hides it better than
most others. Nobody in the city is yet aware of his old
friendship with Manishtusu, nor what the Lord of
Murder will do when he learns that Chenrezig is here.

In spite of a heavy accent, Chenrezig is easi
understood because he tends to speak slowly and ¢:
fully. His mode of speech is at odds with the many
nervous tics his body exhibits. Like so many informa-
tion gatherers, Chenrezig is becoming slightly paranoid,
but it has not yet affected his work.

as
Fei Knich? Guan.

Like so many other Malefactors, Guanli served the
Dark Host by constructing weapons, and his unusual
talent for manipulating his lore caused Guanli, who had
never seen a battle first hand, to be elevated to the rank
of fell knight. Many of the finest weapons wielded by
the Lucifer's archdukes and dukes were constructed by
Guanli in the forges beneath Taba'et'.

It may be that the famed smith joined Lucifer's side
solely for the opportunity to create new weapons and to
experiment with new ways of infusing matter with
Faith..As a member of the' Silver Legion posted to
Tabé'er', Guanli's penchant for clinical, heartle
perimentation was one of the prime reasons that
‘watchtower became synonymous with cruelty and hor-
Tom, Many of the'abomainations that emerged from that
Areadful citadel sprangsfirst from Guanli's mind and
bore the mark of his hands,

Because he spent his time in his laboratories under-
neath Tabé'et' interacting with no one but his victims,
none of the fallen fully appreciatedjthe depths of mad-
ness to which Guanli had falléniy Whenehe did exit his
laboratory and communicate with the outside world,
his‘calm, slow speech was so convincing that all failed

Xe

‘toassociate this rational; even brilliant Malefactor with
~ the monstrosities that were born from his s

Is, and his
‘weapons ,were still heavily sought after.

‘Guanli joined alcause he believed was right, and for
this, the Almighty leveled a terrible curse against him
(Guanli tends to see everyjaction as a personal slight
against himfelfand overlooks the bigger picture). Then,
Guaiili obeyed the orders of Lucifer to create weapons for
the Dark Host, and as a reward, his workshops were
destroyed by the Crimson and Iton Legions. When he
emerged from the Abyss, Guanli was powerfully offended
that mankind had forgotten his numerous sacrifices.

Sergeant Jeremiah Azevedo, who worked for the
LAPD as weapons trainer, had testified against his
fellow officers ina case of police corruption, but the case
was thrown out due to the political maneuvering of the


Civprer Four

Chief of Police. This left Sargent Azevedo as an outcast
who had violated the code of silence that pervaded the
LAPD. He could not be legally fired, but his fellow
officers so ostracized him that he finally sank intoa self-
destructive cycle of alcohol and painkillers to spare
himself the hurt of isolation.

This body of loneliness and resentment caught
Guanli's attention as he fought the pull of the Abyss. The
isolation Azevedo had been experiencing eased Guanli's
acclimatization into this unfamiliar mortal world. During
this period, he was approached by Al-Lat and recruited
into a Cryptic expedition that had just arrived in Los
Angeles. Guanli joined to increase his understanding of
this new world and how the fallen could interact with it,
but tensions with Al-Lat quickly emerged.

ALLat wanted Guanli to join the newly formed
Infernal Court as head of the Ministry of Lions, but
Guanli wanted to spend his time figuring out new ways
of harvesting Faith and manipulating new maréiials
such as steel, concrete and silicon. To serve as head of
aministry would waste valuable time that Guanli wanted
to use for other purposes. However, Al-Lat was ada-
mant, so Guanli became Lord General of the Ministry,
of Lions for the Infernal Court of Los Angeles.

Galled by this highchanded treatment Guanli be-
came the perfect catNjjdate for conversignedal
Manishtusu, who had learnedbof the fallen's@issatisfac-
tion through Lady Nasu, and the, Lord/of Murder was
quick to capitalize on the opportuniiays @uanli travelda
into the Nickerson Garden Projectsito meet with the
Earthbound. The unhappy Mal@fator did opt to align
himself with the Earthbound, but of more significance
is the accidental meeting that followed. As Guanli was
leaving the projects, he first encountered Ravana.

The two fell to talking, and Guanlishared'with her
his frustrationoverhisitiability to experiment properly
and lack of materials, and Ravana told him about her
experiments with killing fallen hosts and absorbing
their power. The idea excited\Guanli, who had never'
considered such a short cut to increasing his stock of
knowledge and power.

Without delay, the two swunghinto action search-
ing for newly arrived fallen. They would then ambush
newcomers and working xogether absorbed their es-
sence and lore. By the time Lucifer revealed himself
during the riots, the pait had killed and absorbed Holes,
than eight fallen.

Because both were Lord Generals of their respec
tive courts, they found their work load greatly reduced.
The two fed each other information concerning the
other's court activities and staged raids on one another
that looked good to their respective leaders but inflicted
little actual damage. As these months of close interac-
tion progressed, the two fallen became lovers.

In the chaos of Devil's Night, the two demons went
wild, killing nine humans and destroying the host bodies
of two more fallen. This frenzy (and their spiraling Tor-
ment) has left them hungry for more. As the city slowly
returstoasemblance of sanity followingthe Devil'sNight
Riots, both demons struggle to contain their lust for
violence and maintain their charade of rivalry, but the
more time passes, the harder their appetites are to control.
Roleplaying Hints: Guanli is selfish, but subtly so.
He talks calmly and rationally, careful to make eye
contact, and is skilled at recognizing when he is making
people uncomfortable. Whenever he sees the telltale
signs of this discomfort, Guanli will change whatever he
is saying to put whoever he is talking to at ease or to
mitigate the damage done by his words. Mainly, though,
the Malefactor tries to talk as little as possible.
Guanli's biggest flaw is his inability to distance himself
from things. Every commenthe hears, he assumes is actually
acomment about himself, and as such, almost anyone who
talks around Guanli accidentally offends the quiet
‘weaponsmith. The biggest reason for his falling in love with
Ravana is the happiness he felt at having found someone
with whom hecan talk openly and have no fear of judgment
being levied or offence being taken. Their love is not a
healthy one and will probably end badly, especially once
their, quiet collusion is revealed to their respective lords.
Nature: Atchitect
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Computer 1, Crafts 3,
3, Firearms2,cntimidation 3, Intuition 1, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 2, Mediciné/1, Melee 3, Politics 1,
Research 3, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3
Backgrounds: Cofitacts 3, Eminence 3; Legacy 4, Paragon 2
Willpower? 9
Faith? 10
Torment: 9
Apocalyptic Form: Thé Visage of the Forge
Lorés Forge 5, Barth 4/Flame 2, Fundament 3, Human-
ity 2, Paths 4

HARAPHAEL

Trip-9,.was born Marvin Bragg in South Central Los
Angeles. He grew up in the extreme poverty and vio-
lence of that community. He never knew enough about
the world to understand that his condition was unusual
or that other opportunities were available outside of
South Central. Instead, he acclimated himself to the
brutality of chat life and flourished.

Bragg acquired the nickname Trip-9 for his ten-
dency to carry three 9mm handguns with him at all
times, one under each arm and another hooked onto the

115

116

back of his belt. Like most gang members, he was a
terrible shot because he never actually practiced with
the guns, but rather, relied on the intimidation inherent
to guns to achieve his ends.

Twice, he was convicted of armed robbery, but he
always served his time quietly and so was granted early
parole. Soon after his exit from, his second pris6n term,
Trip-9 was shot by a member of hisowngangas revenge
for an affair Trip-9 had with the other man's wife.
Haraphael took possession of the young man's bodyand
immediately slaughtered the shooter, but this happened
at the welcome-home party thfown for Trip-9 by his
family. Thereforés"Hataphael's use Of his apocalyptic
form happened in full view of dozens of people, which
quickly became a legend on the stréets and attracted the
attention of Manishtusu,

The Lord of Murder reached the Slayer before the
Infernal Court did, and Haraphael became a willing
servant to the Earthbound. During the Devil's Night
Riots, it was Trip-9 and some thralls who defended the
Empire Market from the ravages of the riots, Thiswasat
the orders of Manishtusu, who wanted the wounds of
the terrible crime that had happenedhthere fo remain an
open wound that could torment the community.

Before his escape from the Abyss, Haraphael had
never declared allegiafice to any/faction, but!heshad.
always leaned toward the Raveners on the principal
that, ifeverything had to die ar y, then he wanted to
be the one wielding the scythe.

Willpower: 5

Faith: 6

Torment: 6

Apocalyptic Form: The Visage of the Spirit
Lore: Spirit 3, Fundament 2, Realms 2

Fear vo TREAD

LapulNANa

Inana taught the whales to sing. Every coastline
reverberates with the memory of her music in their roars
and crashes. Others might have taught the fish to
school, but Inana instructed them how to dance in the
dark depths of the ocean. Inana showed the dolphins
how to pirouette through the crests of the sea.

Her voice was among the first to cry out against the
Almighty's restrictions, and later, she maintained that
if Lucifer had not rebelled someone from her House
eventually would have. Just as every artist needs an
audience, Inana craved mankind's approval. As the
debate gave way to action, Inana was again in the
forefront, passionately encouraging every angel to rise
up for mankind and encouraging those who already had
that theirs was the correct choice.

Yet, the horrors of the Abyss were greater for Inana
than almost any other, for it deprived her of the only
thing she truly needed — her audience. Other fallen
continued to argue philosophy as they created their
factions, but Inana knew only hatred. If she could not
create, she could destroy. She had fallen defending
Mankind. Therefore, her imprisonment was mankind's
fault, and she was determined to take a hundred millen-
nia in exacting her vengeance:

Wien Anat was establishing her Blood Court under
Speritu Mainyu's advisorship, a newly returned Inana
was chosen to headithe Ministry of Aurochs because one
fortuitous holdoyer from her mortal host's life was a
Sectirity company eatering to the obscenely wealthy.
Anat and Inana formed /an instant bond, each perhaps
Fcogniziiy ii the Gther a Kindred spirit of madness.

‘The primary difference between the two is that
Anat supports wholesale destruction, whereas Inana
wants to eradicate humanity one person at a time. She
delights in the look of despair and horror eaéhithrall
gets‘in his or her eyes just before Inana breaks them.
She isin no rush because even if her body is mortal her
spirit is not, and if Carmen Esparza's body should ceas
to béuseful, Inana, through her contacts, will easily
find a replacement.

Roleplaying Hints:,Inana is the epitome of the
femme fatale, using her powers of seduction and fascina-
tion to lureswistful humans to, their doom.

BARONESS KisHan

When Lucifer said it was correct to rebel against the
‘Almighty, Kishar did not ask questions. She set aside her
duties and followed. In the Iron Legion, she found ample
opportunities to use her lore both to heal and to destroy.

Her ability to think fast on her feet and inspire her
troops led to several battlefield promotions and per-
sonal commendations from the Morningstar himself.


Caaprer Four

These latter served as badges of extreme pride for the
Scourge commander, and she never doubted that what
she did was right.

When she met the Defiler Ashur, it was like finding
a portion of herself that had been missing. In the field
the two often fought back-to-back, winning many
victories. During the interludes, they talked of how best
to help Lucifer build this new world or simply sat in
silence, enjoying each other's company, and for the first
time, Kishar knew fear. She became afraid that Ashur
would be injured or destroyed. It gnawed at her every
time her lover went into battle.

Then, her worst fears came to pass. Ashur was
captured and taken to Sagun to await final judgment by
the Almighty. Without hesitation, Kishar flew to Sagun
and, under the cover of darkness, slipped into its laby-
rinth. Fortwo months, she stalked the maze-like corridors
until she at last freed her lover and brought him safely
out of the city. Once they were safely into the moun-
tains outside of the city, they pledged their love and
swore never to permit themselves to part again. They
sealed their bond by whispering their True Names into
one another's ears.

Even in the endless damnation of the Abyss, Kishar
and her lover never wavered in their absolute loyalty to
each other or to the Morningstar. When other fallen
questioned why the First Rebel was absent, the two
would quietly insist that their lost leadér strove to free
his loyal subjects, and when the archdukes disappeared
from the Abyss, the two confidgntly'said it was proof
positive of Lucifer's activities and intent.

When the cracks, finally appeared. in. the Abyss,
Kishar and Ashur left together. Their bond kept them
close as they searched for hosts, but then, they lost sight
of each other, and the old fear seized Kishar's heart

It_greweworseywhen she saw what thésworld had
become. For the first time in her existence, Kisharknew
the gnawing feeling of doubt. Was this what Luciferliad
wanted to build? Had she defied the Almighty for this?
How was she to find Ashur in this chads?

Irtook her two weeks of nonstop searchingafter she
returned, but Kishar finally found hermissing lover. He
had ended up in the body ofieff Black, a Los Angeles
County sheriffs deputy, hut Ashur was now somehow
different. He no longer had faith in Lucifer. He spoke of
trying to make peace*with the Almighty: He spoke
about forgiveness. Kishar barely recognized him.

Forgiveness? They had done nothing wrong. They,
had obeyed the Morningstar. They had fought for what'
they believed in. They had not committed any of the
atrocities so prevalent during the last days of the war.
Why did they need forgiveness? It was the first argument
the lovers had ever had, but it would not be the last.

Meanwhile Kishar had found the nascent Infernal
Court of Los Angeles and presented herself. When
Spentu Mainyu, the Devil who had been the court's
tyrant, abdicated both rank and title to her without
prompting, Kishar was touched by this loyalty, which
was now so absent in her lover. Yet, in almostevery way,
Kishar is the wrong fallen to be ruling Los Angeles.
Kishar is a brilliant battlefield commander, but she's
useless as the leader of an occupying army. Her talents
lay in motivating warriors and planning attacks, not in
pacifying politicians and arranging defenses. Kishar
does not see the danger Lady Anat poses to the court
Likewise, it has never occurred to Kishar that Spentu
Mainyu might be anything but loyal. Kishar sees the
tensions between Vohu Mano and Aglibol, and she
always sides with Aglibol because he is a Luciferan. She
is creating divisions where she needs to be forging
alliances, though she does not see this.

Roleplaying Hints: Kishar is a conflicted creature.
She knows she is the wrong person for the job, but her
inflexible morality will not permit her to step aside to
anyone ofa lesser rank. She is haunted by the apparent
betrayal of her lover, and though she fears the truth of
what he says, she cannot admit, even to herself, that
Lucifer might have been wrong.

To those whoare loyal tohér, Kisharistenderand loving,
but to thse who are her enemies, she is truly a demon.

MANAT

‘The Luciferans haye mounted an aggressive com-
muni¢ations campaign with other fallen, and with the
potential sighting (or hoax) of Lucifer in the skies has
forced the Luciferans to focus this campaign on the City
of Angels. Manat — once Sylvia Sarah Woods, a
journalist at The Philadelphia Inquirer — is part of this

{17

118

uncompromising mission. She has recently come toLA
and asserted herself as a part of all fallen business, big
and small — she doesn't seem to be interested in
changing anything or affecting it in any way, but merely
seeks to know every facet of information that could
involve the Lightbringer. No one has moved against her
yetbecause of her association with Luciferan higher-ups
(specifically Nazathor, Lucifer's supposed "lover"), but
the time will come when significant figures grow weary
of Manat's probing. She will approach new fallen in the
city with persistence. Her personal belief is that Lucifer
has returned and that the appearance of him on Devil's
Night harkens the coming of a new war.

Image: In person, Manat (AKA Sylvia Sarah
Woods) seems less imposing than her sometimes stri-
dent writing voice would lead one to assume she is, She
isnottall, andherskin tends to break out in unflattering
splotches. Her dark-brown hair is usually drawn back in.
a short ponytail, and she regards the world from behind
her sunglasses and cigarette.

Roleplaying Tips: Manat exhibits a friendly pae
tience mixed with a genuine persistence that is her best
weapon in finding out what other people know. She

would like to ease society's ills and make the world a

better place, but she is realistic enough to know that she
can't do so on her own. Therefore, she makes _itsher
mission to expose the depths of those ills so-that others
who are more qualified can takéloyerShe reacts with
mounting frustration when she"eai tell'someod ig
stonewalling her, but she is gracious and congenial
when someone seems willing to cooperate with her.

Lapu Nase

Like all the angels, Nasu loved her charges, but the
act of entropy horrified the ignoraiithumans and sub-
sequently made themafraid of the Seventh House. The
Almighty' edict cut cruelly into Nasu's core. She
desperately wantéd to assure humanity that entropyiwas
a natural, even beautiful, thing that human beings had
no reason to fear.

While the Great Debate raged, Nasu remained
undecided, but when Lucifer decided to defy'the Cre-
ator, Nasu chose to stand with the Morningstar. This
brought down the Almighty's curse. Alll of the rebels
from the Seventh House listened in horror when Michael
declared that humanity must die. The full horrorof this.
sentence came when the Slayers realized that human
souls upon dying passed beyond their knowledge. Every
other death was entirely under their command, but not
their beloved humans.

To deal with this, Nasu helped to construct a
spiritual realm that could house the souls of those
followers who fell in battle. It was meant as a temporary
location to keep the faithful nearby while the Seventh

Fear to TREAD

House explored the mysteries of human death. For
hundreds of years, they worked, drawing in the talents
of Malefactors and Devourers to assist the effort. Fi-
nally, they succeeded, and on that proud day, Nasu
stood back, pleased with their efforts, and felt a little of
the pressure of the Almighty's curse relieved.

Before the Slayers could begin their examinations of
what happened to the human soul, the war was lost, and
the fallen were condemned to the Abyss. Here, a new
horror was discovered. Nasu, and many of her colleagues
who worked on creating this spiritual realm, were so
intertwined with its fabric that they could still feel itand
ona very limited level interact with it. So, many Slayers
not only felt the faint connection with the mortal world
but also with the realm of the dead. What was worse was
that their temporary structure continued. It had not been
meant to last for millennia. Nasu had been so sure that
she and her brethren would discover the answer before
long that they never considered what would happen to
the spirits of humanity after thousands of years.

Like so many other theorists, Nasu was too detached
from her emotions to become passionate. While other
Slayers became convinced that it was necessary to make
amends with the Almighty, Nasu sat and thought. She
did not necessarily disagree, but she wanted to study
things carefully before she copimitted to a new course of
action. Many of her fellow Slayers felt the same way as
she. What sheldid nopotice, as is common with theo-
tists, is that even though she did not become passionate,
her emotions were active, and she was becoming quietly
resentful toward thé Almighty, who could permit such
pain and agony to exist ih the universe.

Undetected by either herself or others, madness
erept into Nasu's‘core. It isa quiet, almost calm, sort of
madness that could erupt, given theproper incentive, in
a firestorm,of destruction, Theny thesfirst cracks were
noticed in the walls of the Abyss, and Nasu was one 6f the
firstito enter the breach to see What lay on the other side.

Tt did nottake longifor Nasu to make contact with
the Cryptics in\Atlanta (where she found an anchor in
amildly retarded woman called Old Tilda) because that
faction waSypowerful in that city. Whereas many de-
mons found their natures, softened by the influence of
their human hosts, Nasu's host had the opposite effect.
Old Tildashadn't the intelleet to understand how she
hadisuffered, but Nasttdid. However, just as before, this
torment was quiet, too quiet for the other fallen, who
were busy struggling with their own Torment, to notice.

When the Cryptics decided to launch an expedi-
tibn to Los Angeles, they quickly secured Nasu as an
assistant for Al-Lat. Her host's firsthand knowledge of
the homeless culture made her a valuable asset, and she
helped Chenrezig acclimatize himself to this culture.
The two quickly assimilated in Los Angeles.


Civrer Four

The mystery of what happened to the human soul
after death still preyed upon Nasu's mind, but her
unnoticed madness led her to an answer that would
have been abhorrent to her original self. She decided to
study death by kidnaping the homeless and killing
them. Of course, with each death, Nasu slipped deeper
into her Torment, but as always, her quiet and thought-
ful personality meant nobody really noticed.

The formation of the Blood Court actually slowed
Nasu down because AL-Lat ordered Nasu to win the post
of Lidless Eye of the Eagle Ministry for the second court,
and the duties of this post occupied enough of Nasu's time
that she had to slow down her murderous activities.

Yet, Devil's Night proved to be a greater tempta-
tion than Nasu could resist, and she went on a killing
spree with a carefully cultivated group of willing ser-
vants. Once again, her madness is increasing out of her
control, but this time, people are noticing. Anat has
noted a lack of information from Nasu, and Al-Lat has
started to suspect the true nature of the Slayer's activi-
ties. Neither leader wants attention drawn to them by
the carelessness of a follower, so Nasu could find herself
ina great deal of trouble in a short period of time.

Roleplaying Hints: The more Nasu kills, the deeper
she slides into Torment, and the deeper she slides into
Torment, the more she desires to kill. Nasu is caughwint
avicious circle from which there is no escapeexcept the
very death she is pretending tostudy. Inmany ways, she
isa tragic figure whose every step was made with the best
of intentions but has only made-matters worse.

FPevt Kuicnt RavANA

In the time that followed Caine's crime, Ravana
became a creature of nightmares. Most Slayers rebelled at
the idea of killing = their affinity with, that aspect of
nature did not make themmurderous. Instead; ittended to
make them the opposite, but when one became twisted, as
Ravana did, the result was horrifying. She moved through
enemy troops like a scythe through wheat, and when there
were no battles to be had, she hunted the hills surrounding
an enemy city to find targets.

Herskill in battle did not escape the attentions ofher
superiors, and though they repeatedly tried to promote
her above the rank of fell knight, Ravana always refused.
She had no talent for groups or desire toworkwith others.
She was an isolated andlonely creature who preferrédthe.
solitude her rank allowed her to indulge in, and no
amount of inducement could persuade her to give up her
title. The danger of isolation, however, is that it prevents
one from realizing when one has gone too far or when offe
is breaking away from sanity.

The other benefit her solitude afforded her was
the privacy to pursue an idea that occurred to her
during the last days of the war when she managed to

absorb part of an enemy angel as she destroyed him. It
took her several more efforts to reproduce the effect,
but she did manage it again.

Then came the imprisonment in the Abyss and the
Torment. Again Ravana's solitary habits made her
situation worse than it was for others. She felt all the
pain that the other fallen felt, but with no one to share
the burden of this pain, she went mad under the burden
she bore alone. Eventually, every demon avoided her
because she was prone to lash out at anything that
moved regardless of who it might be, and she found
herself wondering if she could absorb the lore of other
demons as well as angels.

Mary Beth Holden was first molested when she was
only three. Her father and uncle used her and her sisters to
satisfy their needs well into Mary Beth's teens when they
died at the hands of Mary Beth's mother, who died herself
in the attack. This left Mary Beth to the tender mercies of
the local orphanage. Here, her lot did not improve because
the man in charge used his charges to run a teenage porn
ting, and Mary Beth soon became his favorite.

This continued until Mary Beth turned 18 and
became too old to be of use to the councilor. The
suddenness of his abandoning her snapped something
in her victim mentality, and Mary Beth attacked the
councilor with a pair of scissors while he slept. Terri-
fied by what she hadsdone and fully aware of the
consequences Should she stay, Mary Beth ran away
She hitchhiked her way across America, intent on
reaching Los Angeles. Along the way, she slept with
anyone who gave hera ride, chiefly truckers, and hated
them for using her.

One night, a trucker became rough, and later, ashe
slept, she cut his throat with his own pocketknife. The
moment was one of exhilaration. Like an addict, Mary
Beth wanted'to experience it-again,.and so, the next
trucker to pick her up died in a lonely motel!toom.
Leaving bodies behind her like crumbs Mary Beth
worked her way west, but the horrors of her life had
numbed her and rendered her soul sympathetic to
Ravana, who easily displaced Mary Beth.

In Los Angeles,Ravana found no place for herself.
Spentu Mainyu acknowledged her but gave her no
position in the court. Not that Ravana wanted one. No,
she had already been recruited by Manishtusu, and she
served the Lotd of Murder wholeheartedly. Later, when
Spentu Mainyu was helping to form the Blood Court,
she was offered the post of Lord General of the Lion
Ministry for that court. At Manishtusv's insistence, she
acéepted the post

Then, she met Guanli, who happened to be her
opposite number in the Infernal Court. The two fell to
talking. It was something neither Ravana nor Mary
Beth had ever known, ease of speech and relaxation. No

119

120

matter what was said to Guanli he was not repulsed, and
in fact, when Ravana let slip her idea for absorbing the
lore of other fallen, Guanli became quite interested.
The two decided to work together to experiment with
the idea, and Ravana soon was madly in love.

Over the next several months, the two worked
closely together, and the love became mutual. Devil's
Night was like a holiday for the duo, and by the time it
was over, they had, counting all their previous victims
together, killed and absorbed 10 fallen. Guanli is still
cautious, not wanting to be caught, but Ravana is
finding it harder and harder to restrain herself. She is
free in a way she never dreamed possible and is most
reluctant to go back to the way things were.

Image: Mary Beth is strikingly attractive, with a
well-rounded figure and bright, green eyes. Her skin
bears numerous scars from her childhood and her life on
the road, which she takes some pains to conceal.

Roleplaying Hints: Ravana is an obvious villain,
She tends to make people uncomfortable because sh
tends to sit a little too close when talking and stares @

lot. Her voice is quiet, almost impossible to hear in a,

crowd, and her vocabulary is limited because of her page
education. She is more cunning than smart.

Nature: Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 3, Déxterity 4, Stamina, 4g@ha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appéarance 4,,.Pérception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2; Dodge 3, Drive 2,
Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Intuition 3, Medicine 2,
Stealth 3, Streetwise 3, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Eminence 2yLegacy 29Racts2;Paragon2
Willpower: 6

Faith: 9

Torment: 8

ApocalyptielRorm: The Visage of Death

Lore: Death 4, Fundament 3, Humanity 3, Realnis)3,
Spirit 4 <j

Spentu Manda

What few fallen remember is thaybeforetthey were
cast into the Abyss, before even the Time of Babel,
Spentu Mainyu had beenga baron in the Crimson
Legion and a renowned géneral, yet by thétime he was
cast into the Abyss, hehad been demoted to fell knight.
No one knows what crime or mistakes Spentu Mainyu

made e

neither of them are talking.

But even with only this limited information, i€ 1s

easy to see why Spentu Mainyu easily set aside hig
loyalty to the First Rebel, if he ever truly had any and
became a Faustian. Using his time in the Abyss to,

carefully consider the successes and failures of his

pt for the Devil himself and Lucifer, arid

Fearn to TRE

actions during the war, Spentu Mainyu came to a
conclusion that he loudly shared with his fellow pris-
oners: A rebellion against Heaven could be successful
if all of humanity supported it.

Armed with this theory when he made his escape
from the Abyss, Spentu Mainyu searched for an host
that resonated with powerand hunger. He found Scratch,
a drug dealer who had just been double-crossed by an
ambitious underling. Seizing Scratch as the treacherous
underling was leaving the room, Spentu Mainyu tore
out the underling's heart and ate it.

Finding Scratch had been a lucky break for Spentu
Mainyu because the handsome youth wasno mere street
dealer. Scratch had been a purveyor of quality drugs to
the rich and powerful of Los Angeles, including but not
limited to film producers, corporate executives and
manufacturing giants. As such, Scratch wielded a great
deal of quiet influence, but the mortal had not appreci-
ated this. Spentu Mainyu did.

Using these contacts quickly and efficiently, Spentu
Mainyu located several newly arrived fallen and quickly
grasped the political layout of Los Angeles. His initial
efforts to subvert prominent members of the Los Ange-
les Police Department were thwarted by the Earthbound
Enshagkushanna, but the crafty Devil was successful in
otherorganizations, exerting a modicum of control
within theycivilian government and making inroads
into the local offices ofthe FBI. Not long after, he made
is presence known to the demons in the city and
leclared himselfithe Tyrant of Los Angeles, lord and
master of the Infernal Court.

Spentu.carefully anddeliberately organized the
‘court ina way that ensured a certain degree of order and

"control over the city, but with enough internal tension

that his ministers would be too busy feuding with one
another toplot against him. He\¢hose:two bitter rivals
to head the Ministry of Aurochs and the Ministry of
Dugél Aplibel and Vohu Mato respettively, who wasted

‘ho time opposing one afiother's interests. For the Min-

istry of Eagles, Spentu Mainyu tapped Chenrezig, a
newcomer to the city,and Guanli, another stranger,
was elevatéd,to the;head of the Ministry of Lions. The
post of Dragon Ministerthe court's official inquisitor,
was deliberately kept vacant. Spentu claimed that he
was waitingifor the right demon to fill such a vital role
andsfréquently used the open position as a potential
reward to broker deals with members of the court. Since

othe court of Los Angeles currently owes no fealty to any

igher court, Spentu has thus far managed to get away
with this political gamble, though the Devil knows that
sooner or later he will have a Lord Inquisitor poking
into his affairs.

The Infernal Court was a clever piece of construc-
tion, and once in place, it allowed Spentu Mainyu to


Cuverer FOUR

pursue his real goal. Through the medium of television,
Spentu Mainyu believed he had found the resource he
needed to unite humanity's Faith. Working with the
Scourge Vritran, Spentu Mainyu went to work gaining
control over a network of television producers who had
the power to change the type of programs being sent out
over the airwaves.

But all was not well in other parts of the Devil's
domain. Internal tensions in the City of Angels were
threatening to spin out of control, and managing them
was taking up too much of the Tyrant's time and
attention. It was then that Kishar arrived.

When he heard of her arrival, Spentu Mainyu
wanted to dance with joy, but his politically cunning
mind knew better. He waited a couple of days, encour-
aging the other fallen to believe that he would resist
handing over power to this newcomer, and then, as
battle lines were being drawn, he capitulated without a
fight. This move not only spared him from the head-
aches of running the city, but it also earned him the

gratitude of the new baroness, who named him to the /

still vacant post at the head of the Dragon Ministry.

To ensure that he would be free to pursue his plangy
Spentu Mainyu needed a city constantly on the verge of
an explosion but never quite crossing into outright

conflict. To that end he Secretly approached Anatand

helped her establish a second,court, the Blood Court,
and found himself, for the second,timeybeing named a
head of the Dragon Ministry. What is almost ironic,
that Spentu Mainyu is spending gilii@@h time tryin,
maintain tension between the two courts as he spen
actually running the city, so/he has not yet benefited
much from his schemiAg
Roleplaying Hints: Spentu Mainyu hides a ruth-
lessand methodicalpersonalitybehindthe soft, friendly
manners of Scratch. Unlike many Devils, who prefer to
use their charisma as a club to bully others intovagree-
ment, Spentu is|eharming, seemingly open and
sympathetic to potential friends and alligs, le is equal
parts snake-oil salesman and hard-nosedidiplomat.._

Lorp Vortu MANO

During the Time of Atrocities, the name Vohu Mano
of the Ebon Legion was synonymous with savage beauty
and demented tortures. While most of his fellow Devour-
ers used their lore to ingpire and fhaintain the righiteous
cause of the rebellion; Vohu Mano sought to torture and
horrify his enemies. His specialty was music. The de4
mented refrains of his music unnerved the enemy whgl
endured its assault on both their ears and their sanity.

His subsequent time in the Abyss actually seemed
to make Vohu Mano worse. He became lost in his
hatredcuntil he-sould no longer uly cemeniber-why.
he was angry or what he hated. Because of his temper,

most fallen assumed that Vohu Mano was a Ravener.
At heart, though, he agreed with Abaddon and the
Faustian ideal.

When the cracks appeared in the walls of the Abyss,
Vohu Mano was among the first sent out into the
breach. He was ordered by the dark lords to secure a base
of faith for the Faustians, and unhesitatingly, Vohu
Mano accepted the charge.

It was the intense passion of a young gay-rights
activist named Jonathan Freeman that attracted and
anchored Vohu Mano, though, and the instant the
Defiler assumed control of the activist's body, he found
himself changing. In spite of the hardship and isolation
of his life, Jonathan was a profoundly kind and loving
man who did not even hate the man who had killed
him. For his entire life, all Jonathan wanted was to get

jalong with everyone around him and for everyone else
to get along with each other.

Thiskindnessand mercy clashed with Vohu Mano's
telentless savagery in that moment of possession, but in
the end, the flesh won. Vohu Mano can remember his
rage, but he no longer feels it. In fact, he is becoming
embarrassed by the excesses of his behavior.

When Spentu Mainyu approached Vohu Mano
with the post of head of the Mortal Ministry of the

Q Inf ral. Court of Los Angéles, the Defiler accepted,

‘an opportumtity to learn how demons and
ightbest‘coexist.

"Vohu Mano eatned glory for himself when he
learned of and putastop to an effort by Manishtusu to
expand his power into, West Hollywood, but the young
crusader's.inability.to avoid arguments with the more
conservative elements of the Infernal Court have d
prived him of the benefit of his renown. Aglibol in
particular constantly with Vohu Mano, and their
conflict has*prevented the Defilersfrom being more
effective than he might otherwise be.

Roleplaying Hints; Vohu Mano is a committed
idealist, a crusader who has turned aside from the
ieesses off @past angi many ways, resembles the
principled angels of the Fall. Unfortunately, his com-
passion is often cynically regarded as one more tactic in
the polftical struggles between the fallen, an all-too-
predictable ¥egeniag? th@@ains him deeply.

Lond VrITRAN

With loving care, Vritran watched the first humans
marvel at the wonders of the garden, but his heart stung
that the two did not seem to understand the truest depths
of what they were witnessing. He longed toreveal himself
to them and demonstrate in detail the gifts surrounding
them, but the Almighty had forbidden such interaction,
so Vritran contented himself with just being close to
what he considered to be his most beloved creations.

121

122

Then, Ahrimal spoke of his vision of disaster. At
once, Vritran knew he must act. It would be worse todo
nothing, he thought, and watch disaster than to inad-
vertently cause disaster by acting through love. After
all, he thought, nothing evil could truly spring from
pure love. It was a decision that would haunt him for
aeons to come.

As the war grew more and more hortific, Vritran
found himself questioning the propriety of the war
Could he have been wrong? No, he concluded, he'd
followed the Morningstar, and the First Rebel would
ensure that all would be well. His hopes were finally
dashed when the Great Experiment fell prey to the
corruption of the nephilim. In the time that followed,
Vritran wandered aimlessly, dispirited and almost dead
In the end, eternal exile from the ruins of Eden seemed
almost a blessing rather than a curse.

In the timeless eternity of the Abyss, many won-
dered why Lucifer was not among their number or why,
his archdukes had disappeared, but Vritran did not care.
He knew Lucifer had acted correctly and would con
tinue todo so, and he knew that the true blame for these
outrages lay at the feet of Ahrimal, the Fiend who had
foreseen the disaster but interpreted it so tragically.

As the factions grew more vocal and polarizedy
Vritran declared his support for the Luciferans-and
raged against the Cryptics, who dared to prétend that
Ahrimal had behaved innocentlyrand suggested that it
was Lucifer's motives that were suspect.

When the walls of the Abyss cracked, Vritran
charged them and flung himself back into the mortal
world. He anchored himself,inithe body of Jason Kim,
where he was found by Chenrezigand later contacted by
Spentu Mainyu. The clever Devil knew of Vritran and
tailored his pitch appropriately. Heslet Veitran rail
against the Almightyand humanity for/hours. Then,
Spentii Mainyu made a small suggestion.

Why not harness the power, the faith, of these
wayward humans? Surely, that is what Lucifer had been.
attempting to do during the Time of Babel, and if that
is what the Morningstar wanted, was it not Vritran's
duty to see that mission completed? If Viitran, was
willing to use his lore as Spentu Mainyu direored him,
then the Devil could assure/him that their plan would
succeed. That ishow the Faustian, posingasaLuciferan,
recruited a Scourge into his service

Spentu Mainyu had established some inroads into
the television networks by this time, but the demands of
running the city were hindering him from actively
pursuing his goals. So, he placed Vritran in charge of his
pet project, knowing that the Scourge's lore would be
more attractive to the health-obsessed studio execu-
tives, and Vritran has proved surprisingly effective in
his role.

Fear to TREAD

The problem is, Vritran loves humanity. Not the
people that live on the Earth now, but an idealized
version of people that walked in Eden. The people
walking the Earth now are a grotesque parody of true
man, an abomination like the nephilim, and as such,
they deserve to be destroyed — once they have been
bled of their faith. Vritran may have declared himself
for the Luciferans, but his philosophy is more like that
of a Ravener.

When Anat was establishing her Blood Court, she
was initially resistant to appointing a Ministry of Dust,
but once her eyes were opened to the possibilities for
mayhem and faith that mankind offered, she quickly
adopted Spentu Mainyu's suggestion to offer the posi-
tion of senior minister to Vritran.

Roleplaying Hints: Vritran trustsnobody but Spentu
Mainyu, and so, he talks with very few. However, he is
becoming fond of Anat. Vritran, in his own lair or in an
intimate setting, leans in close to talk and tends to
whisper, but in public, he is loud and boisterous, telling
bawdy jokes and shaking hands or kissing cheek

UIGAL

At the dawn of the Great War, a family of humans
befriended the fallen Yigal. Slayers had e
casts. amongst the Elohim, hut amongst the Children of
Elias, she feltacceptance. When God's curse of mortality
befell Elias and his kins Yigal offered Elias a token of her
love. "Throughout time, I will watch yourchildren. Mine
shall be the only Rand that raises them and the only hand
that guides them home." Consigned to hellish torment,
Yigal most regretted the breaking of that promise.

Yigal possessed the body of Joyce Allen, wife of a
local politician, after her attempted suicide. While

er been out


Cuvprer Four

Joyce had been worn by the banality around her, Yigal
was astounded by humanity's collective potential. Push-
ing Joyce's husband onto the national stage, Yigal
exerted her political influence to benefit favored chari-
ties—the Terminal Children's Fund and a personal
program for at-risk teens. True toa millennia-old prom-
ise, she searches for Elias's progeny.

Human Brines

From their own self-centered perspective, human
beings are creatures of limitless potential, who exist in
an infinite, wondrous variety. To the fallen, however,
people are complex, unpredictable animals whose be-
haviorand emotions defy comprehension —as does the
fact that they are favored above all by God. Some see
humankind as a grand failure and a disappointment,
while others still hold a kernel of hope that people will
eventually make their Creator proud and prove that the
Morningstar's rebellion was a worthwhile and noble
exercise. The rest take a more bitter and simplistic view
of God's clever, hairless apes, lumping them into two
groups. Based on what utility the human in question
represents to the demon making the distinction, the
two groups include humans who serve demonkind in
some way and free-willed humans who are likely too
ignorant to even recognize the presence of demons all
around them.

THRALLSAND SERVITORS

ANNETTE DEMILENKO

The daughter of Polish immigrants, Annette was
taught at an early age that faith was the most important
thing in life. Even when she rejected the Christianity of

her parents, she retained a base conviction but twisted
it into a desperate need to believe.

Although she was studying psychology, Demilenko
eventually dropped out of college to join the radical
political groups of the early 1970s. She kept her interest
in the workings of the mind, even as she drifted from
activism to extremism, from politics to religion. For more
than 20 years, she moved from group to group, participat-
ing in the Weather Underground, Scientology, Wicca,
Christian militias, acts of ecoterrorism and any other
cause that promised an answer, a meaning to things.

Five years ago, while retreating from an extremist
sect that tried to establish its own mad "Kingdom of
Heaven," Demilenko went into the desert to pray for
guidance, for purpose. In answer to her prayers, purpose
found her in the form of a swarm of scorpions inhabited
by Manishtusu. The Earthbound saw in Demilenko a
worthy thrall, and one whose faith was strong enough to
give it power. Half deranged from heat exhaustion,
dehydration and a lifetime of absorbing one radical
agenda after another, Annette found the god she had
searched for her whole life.

Emptying her savings of everything her parents had
left her in their wills, Demilenko established the Blind
Samaritan Foundation. She maintains the foundation
more or less as a "farm" for future thralls or servitors of
her bizarre god, as well as a means of identifying possible
vessels to house her master's fallen subjects when they
emerged from the Abyss. She takes an active role in
leading the BSF, even living in an apartment next door
to its headquarters.

Image: Annette would seem like an attractive,
intelligent, middle-aged woman if not for the subtle, yet
omnipresent gleam of fanatical intensity in her eyes.
She maintains eye contact a bit longer than most
people, and she doesn't blink quite as often as she
should. Her gestures are bold and expansive, especially
when she's talking about the good work her foundation
is doing for the community. She dresses in tailored, if
not particularly stylish, professional attire, though she
prefers jewelry with a decidedly Southwestern flare.

Roleplaying Tips: Annette is utterly loyal to
Manishtusu. She doesn't understand his ultimate goals,
but she would give her life — or anyone else's —
without hesitation to see him accomplish them. She is
coy and intractable when it comes to discussing her
"religious beliefs," even with those beings she knows are
fallen, but she showers those whom her master has
allowed to speak with his voice in effusive adulation.

When it comes to those her foundation is designed
tohelp, she is less personable. She openly pities them all
and refuses to deal with them face-to-face whenever she
can possibly avoid doing so. She unapologetically offers
the exact same amount of assistance to everyone in her

123

124

foundation's care, regardless of their actual need. She
speaks of them to her employees and peersas if they were
somehow less than human.

Nature: Visionary

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 2, Athletics 1, Bureaucracy 4,
Computer 2, Empathy 5, Expression 3, Intimidation 1,
Intuition 3, Investigation 2, Research 3, Security 3,
Technology 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 4

Willpower: 5

Powers: Annette's Manipulation Trait hasbeen boosted
by her Earthbound benefactor.

Epwanp HManves

Edward Harvey is a man whose basic desires were
locked away very deep. The only way for him to ap-
proach them is by devolving into a base subservient
creature, and he considers doing so (in the form of
service to Enshagkushanna and Henry Vandermeer)
worth the price. He is also at the stage of his devotion
where power and humanity are balanced in him, which
complements Vandermeer superbly. He generally acts
through the Colonel but is capable of taking charge
when necessary.

Edward is 45 years old and slightly wrinkled, slightly
flabby. He hasa pleasant face, and his curlinghair and beard
are russet with white threads. He wears corduroy jackets,
shirts with long cuffs and high collars and jeans that come
down overhis boots. He appears kindly and non-confronta-
tional. He speaks quietly under normal circumstances and
occasionally corrects people's grammar.

Fear to TREAD,

Nature: Fanatic
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Firearms 2,
Intimidation 3, Melee 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2

Willpower: 4

Powers: Immunity to Revelation

Hesra Davip VANDERMEER

Henry David Vandermeer is man of education,
experience and discipline who has come to regard these
qualities as valueless, bringing him neither satisfaction
or real power. Only his decades-long servitude to the
Earthbound Enshagkushanna has provided these things,
and he will do anything to remain in his master's good
graces. Furthermore, he is a clear-headed tactician who
will do whatever is necessary to win out in a conflict,
even if he must sacrifice his companions to do so.

At 63, the Colonel is a fit-looking man of military
bearing with bronzed skin and thick, spiky white hair.
His eyes are pale gray, and his scrutiny is unnerving. His
tone is clipped and gruff, and his voice carries without
hisneeding to shout. He alwaysappears dressed ina neat
suit and tie, although the cuffs of his shirt and the hem
of his trousers are a little too long.

Nature: Loner

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics (Theology) 4, Alertness 2, Aware-
ness 1, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Occult 2,
Performance 2, Research 4, Subterfuge 3

2, Followers 3

Allies 2, Contacts

Backgrounds:
Willpower: 6
Faith Potential: 3

Powers: Immunity to Revelation

Pree-OWittep MonraLs

LouBanpen

Lawrence "Lou" Barber grew up in the South of
England in the late 1960s. He was an itinerant kid,
drifting in and out of jobs and the occasional appren-
ticeship and otherwise lounging about. In 1982, he
found himself shipped out to the godforsaken wilder
ness of the Falkland Islands with a rifle in his hand and
orders to go capture some Argentineans. The war didn't
last long, but he spent another two years in the army
regardless. The experience taught him a few things,
mostly how to shoot and that he really didn't like people
telling him what to do. He still figured he had to do
something, and with his accumulated money, hestarted


asmall furniture-removal business and took up compe-
tition shooting.

This was all before the run in with Satanists in '89.
You can find a lot of strange things moving furniture. It
wasn't a major cult or anything he had stumbled into,
but the members were devout and scary and took some
shaking. It interested Lou enough that he started read-
ing deeper and concentrated harder on self-defense
training. By the time real demons started showing up,
the business was long bankrupt, but he was ready.

He met Koruna Gibson and Stanley McIntyre on
one of his trips to the US, where most major occult
libraries seemed to have ended up — at least those that
would allow him to read them. He had already had a
number of encounters with preternatural forces, taken
the law into his own hands on more than one occasion
and built up a diverse range of contacts, including
journalists and occult practitioners from LA to Rome to
Hong Kong. He was impressed by the priest's practical-
ity and thought Koruna had potential. They faced a
creature together and only narrowly prevailed, which
showed him that, in these days, acting alone wasn't
going to work. Stanley invited both Lou and Koruna to
continue what they had began, and both readily agreed.

Image: Lou is a gaunt and weather-beaten man
with longish fair hair and a moustache. He has a couple
of tattoos on his left arm and one on his butt, but these
aren't often on display. He dresses conservatively, in
trousers and a jacket, cut so as not to restrict his
movement unduly, and he is obviously both strong and
lithe. His English accent is subdued, but it comes out
stronger when he's excited. A knowing glint of amuse-
ment in his eye seems a permanent fixture.

Roleplaying Tips: Despite his tough exterior, Lou
is actually a pretty likable guy, and he enjoys talking to
people once he's taken their measure. He started fairly
late in life as an occult researcher, but he has a good eye
for detail and a decent ability to discard what's actually
crap, so he's got more practical knowledge than other
demon-hunters. Although he is loyal to his newly
formed group, his many years of self-sufficiency have
made him somewhat overconfident when he does find
himself alone.

Nature: Bravo

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl
4, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Firearms 5, Intimidation 2, Intu-
ition 2, Investigation 2, Melee 1, Occult 4, Religion 1,
Stealth 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Willpower: 7
Faith Potential: 3

Koruna GIBSON

It would have been a ridiculous situation — if ithad
nothurtso much. In Czechoslovakia, Koruna Schechter
was a promising young research chemist, working in a
major scientific facility in the city of Brno. Itwasa good
life, although the Communist regime of the time did put
some strange restrictions on her work. But then, she was
literally courted by a visiting scientist and, via strange
bureaucratic means, ended up going to live in America
as the bride of Tony Gibson. After a wonderful honey-
moon, she turned her attention to opportunities for
work in the States. None came. Her credentials were
not accepted anywhere she tried to use them. One
administrator explained that her former employer had
come under international scrutiny for non-ethical prac-
tices. Ringing back home, she discovered that her
former coworkers had not heard any such thing. It was
all a mistake, and they could sort it out.

No resolution ever came, though, and frustration
turned to tragedy when her husband died of a massive
heart attack, Not knowing what else to do, she took up
a high-school teaching position and moved in with her
husband's elderly mother. She disliked teaching and
was constantly uncomfortable in her mother-in-law's
home, but her situation was like a fever-dream she could
not wake from.

And it only got stranger when she uncovered the
existence of a demon operating out of her school and
manipulating her students. She tried to tell her admin-
istrators, her few friends and even a local priest, but no
one would believe her. No one, that is, except Stanley
McIntyre who had been investigating the selfsame
demon Koruna had stumbled across. He helped her get

on

25

away from the demon (who was none too happy to have
been discovered), and he came back with her and Lou
Barber to help put the demon out of business once and
for all. Now, she travels with the two of them doing
more of the same good work in other cities, helping
other victims just like she used to be.

Image: Koruna is of average height, and she has
kept her figure trim even as she approaches her mid-40s.
She dyes out the slight traces of gray in her hair and
hides the lines on her face as best she can with makeup.
Like Stanley, she often smiles, but on her, it does not
seem forced. Years of living a fragmentary existence in
Middle America have left their mark. Her choice of
words and her accent show only faint lingering traces of
the original Czech, plus an occasional unfamiliarity
with English idiom.

Roleplaying Tips: Koruna is the most easygoing
and relaxed member of hersmall demon-hunting group.
Her years living in Middle America have exerted an
influence on her attitude as well, and she disapproves of
rebellious or extravagant behavior, but then she re-
members her own hardships and figures that youth
probably needs all the outlets it can get. She offers
anyone she meets a friendly smile, unless they are
actively aggressive — at which point, she addresses
them sternly and somewhat maternally.

Behind all this, her brain is as sharp as it was back in
the old country. She does not, generally speaking, apply
her knowledge of chemistry toward creating unpleasant
concoctions for fighting the powers of darkness— though
she does keep a few nasty possibilities in the back of her
mind, just in case. She keeps up with scientific news, has
taken up computer studies in the last few years and has
started training with a pistol. She also keepsa weather eye
on the logistics of her group's operations.

Koruna was raised Catholic, though she now treats
religion with aslightly abstract air. She has also decided
that her husband's death was probably not a result of
demonic influence. Itis still a source of sadness, but she
now has more than a little interest in Lou Barber. He's
awildone, but she feels the depths hidden beneath that
brash exterior.

Nature: Survivor

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 4 (Modern Science), Alertness 3,
Computer 3, Dodge 2, Drive 1, Empathy 1, Firearms 1,
Intimidation 1, Intuition 1, Linguistics (Native: Czech;
English) 1, Occult 3, Religion 2, Research 3, Science 4
(Chemistry), Stealth 2, Subterfuge 2, Technology 3
Willpower: 6

Faith Potential: 3

Fear To TREAD

SrasceaMcInrare
anley McIntyre grew up ina town called Burlington
in Connecticut, principally with his mother, as his father
worked in New York and only came home on weekends.
Tt was a strange arrangement, but it seemed to work. He
was a bright kid, and his mother encouraged an interest
inreligion that resulted in him enrolling at the Washing-
ton Bible College in Washington, DC, for the study of
divinity, taking the option of combining biblical, linguis-
tic and philosophical study with family- and
community-support training. At the age of 24, he was
ordained a minister of the Anglican Church andassigned
a position in a small Midwestern town called Starmont.
On arriving, it amused him to see how it matched the
stereotype of the pleasant-to-a-faultcommunity. Amuse-
ment tured to concer over the next 18 months as he
began to realize the fact that a demon nestled in the heart
of the town. He tried to fight it, but he could not and
ended up fleeing ignominiously back to the East Coast.
With him came Koruna Gibson, a teacher at the local
high school, who had felt the demon's influence subtly
tainting and corrupting her students.

Explaining thesituation tohissuperiorsin the Church
only led him in circles. Sometimes, they seemed to take
him seriously; sometimes, not. He discovered that they
had assigned another freshly ordained priest to the town
without so much as a warning about what Stanley had
been through. Frustrated, Stanley engaged in his own
research, visiting occult book shops, collaborating with
paranormal investigators and even spending many hours
poring over the Internet for any information he could
find about demons and their influence on this world.

Ultimately, this research proved fruitful. He met
Lou Barber, who claimed to understand what he and


Cusprer Four

Koruna had encountered, and he showed them some of
the things that could be done about it. Although
skeptical, the three of them ended up traveling back to
Starmont, and this time, they prevailed against the
monster. Stanley was offered his post back (to the
dismay of the priest that had replaced him), but he
declined. Now, he travels with his new friends, looking
for the scant signs of demonic influence, coming up
blank more often than not. Sometimes, the Church
acknowledges his role, and sometimes, it doesn't, but he
figures that unless it threatens to excommunicate him,
he'll just keep doing what he's doing.

Image: Stanley isa burly man in his early 30s, with
skin turned ruddy by the sun and a full head of black
hair that seems to curl no matter how short he tries to
keep it. He grins naturally, but a closer inspection
reveals the expression is a badly maintained fagade.
His eyes look haunted, and his face is sunken, the skin
looking almost loose. He speaks carefully, weighing
his words and turning a frankly inquisitive stare on
whoever he is addressing. His voice retains a recogniz-
able East Coast accent. He usually dresses casually, in
jeans and large colorful jumpers, but he does wear his
vestments as required.

Roleplaying Tips: Stanley once had a sense of
humor, but now, he does not. He is doing the Lord's
work, and he understands that it is hard and dangerous
and that there is little reward in this life. The part of him
that is most in touch with modern life acknowledges the
absurdity — the melodrama — of the situation, but he
doesn't let that distract him.

Most particularly, he wants to be sure. He has a
great fear of acting rashly, yet he knows that he has
to act regardless. The tricks of the enemy are many,
and he hasa great responsibility. He is also aware that
he is the youngest of the three demon-hunters in his
group, and he's only the leader because of his holy
training. But he also knows, if only tangentially, that
when he acts, he does so decisively, content in his
faith in the Lord.

Nature: Visionary

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 3 (Theology), Alertness 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Drive 3, Empathy 4, Etiquette 2, Intuition 3,
Leadership 1, Linguistics (Native: English, Hebrew) 1,

Medicine 2, Melee 1, Occult 2, Religion 4, Research 1,
Stealth 1, Technology 1

Willpower: 8

Faith Potential: 4

Anica Riowr.s

Alicia seems so unlikely a candidate for juvenile-
detention that in the past, new faculty members of the
Marshall School have assumed that there was some
dreadful mistake.

Yet, there was no mistake. At 14, Aliciastabbed her
drunken, abusive father as he tried to strangle her with
a curtain cord. She waited until she was sure he was
dead, then called the police, making a full confession.
She thought she'd probably go to prison and then to
Hell, but that was okay because her mother and baby
brother would be alright.

However, the court that tried her sentenced Alicia
to the Marshall School until she turned 18 on the
grounds it was the best thing that could be done for her.
She was sensitive, gifted and highly traumatized, and
her counselor in the school, Mary Blacksmith, took the
frightened young girl under her wing. Now, two years
later, Alicia is studying advanced math and science on
day leave at the local college. She anticipates winning
a scholarship and is no longer convinced that she is
going to Hell. She just believes that the Earth is a
battleground between God and the forces of evil.

With her scholastic ability and odd manner, Alicia
would be marginalized even in an ordinary school, but
she has achieved a kind of acceptance among the street
thugs and underage prostitutes due to her willingness to
always explain things and help out.

Image: Alicia is askinny, nervous 16-year-old with
red hair and a sprinkling of freckles, and she is seldom
out of arm's reach of a book. Her voice holds a touch of
the trailer park of her childhood, but her perception and
intelligence are obvious.

Roleplaying Tips: Alicia thinks she is slightly psy-
chic, and her faith in God is very real. She is not devoted
to any particular church although she has absorbed a
great deal of the basic tenets of Catholicism. What is
important is the individual's choice, every day, to strive
against corruption. She is an excellent judge of character
and motive, and she's hard to deceive. Beneath the
timidity lies tremendous strength, and her loyalty to her
friends and principles is well nigh unbreakable.

Demons Rash In

The gates of Hell are broken, and the souls of mankind are forfeit. In the
boardrooms and back alleys of cities across the world, the former champions
of mankind plot to enslave us alltand set the world alight. Only a handful
of lost souls have the strength to rige above their demonic nature and defy
the lords of the Abyss. Are you one of them?

Where Angets Fear to Tread

Fear to Tread is a collection of three exciting stories that thrust players'
characters into a desperate struggle for the future of the City of Angels.
Each story can be run separately or linked together to form the basis of an
ongoing chronicle, with five intriguing sample characters included for ease
of play.

le,

a

CAME STUDIO

www.white-wolf.com
