# File: Fianna (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



p Piss

Family Values

It was about as typical a Scottish evening in early
winter as you could expect. The cloud, which had hung
low over the hill all day, was rolling down the hillside,
obscuring the cairn that had sat on its peak as long as
anyone could remember. The chill in the air told
Leaps-Like-the-Salmon that there would be fog this
evening. As the cloud rendered everything into shades
of muddy gray, Leaps took one last look at the huge pile
of stones, each one marking a Garou or Kinfolk who
had fallen in battle. Hundreds of them, piled high as a
solid testament to the burden Gaia placed on each and
every one of them.

As he looked at it, the lean, tall warrior couldn't
decide if the numbness that settled on him came from
the changing weather or from the thought that a stone
for him might be on that pile by the following evening.
He let outa little plea to Stag that they would all return
safely and that the fog would be gone by the morning,
and then he set off down the hill to join his pack,
running his hand nervously through his black, short-
cropped hair.

A huge bonfire was burning not far from the river
that wended its way through the caern's bawn. Its
flickering orange light was visible even through the
thickening fog. All around the little groups of

werewolves and their Kin that made up the Sept of
Mannan's Rock were laughing, drinking and eating,
the fire and the good company keeping away the bite
of the coming frost. Leaps paused awhile, pulled his
coat tighter around himself and drank in the sounds of
his sept — his family — enjoying the moment of
pleasure that Gaia had granted them.

"Makes you proud to be Fianna, doesn't it, lad?"
said a familiar voice on his left.

"Still sneaking up on us young ‘uns, then, Greg? I
thought you'd have gone off to die in some noble lone
battle against the Wyrm by now," said Leaps, affection
evident in his voice.

"Ah, well now lad, I don't rightly feel I can be
doing that just yet. You see, none of you young bastards
can be trusted to have a piss up in a brewery, let alone
keep this place safe. So, I'll be hanging around a wee
while longer, I reckon."

Leaps glanced over at his uncle, the Warder of the
caern for the best part of a decade now. Each and every
year of that decade showed on the Warder's face, in the
lines and patchwork of scars that were the legacy of
more battles than any of them liked to think about.
This land wasn't friendly at the best of times, and this

Zz Fianna


~

"was far from the best of times. "I reckon you just don't
want to give up the secret of where the best places to
hide that 25-year-old malt you always seem to have at
hand are."

"Ah, well, lad, this stuff is something damn spe-
cial," said Greg as he fished a battered flask out of a
pocket. "Me and the lads ‘liberated' it from a distillery
before some Wyrm-tainted American company got
their hands on it." His face turned sober for a moment.
"T drink it in memory of them."

He held the flask up to Luna. "To the Chosen of
Cernunnos pack, may the Mother care for them."

"The Chosen of Cernunnos pack," agreed Leaps as
Greg swallowed a deep draught of the whisky.

Silence fell between them fora little while, broken
only by the giggle of a Kin girl who had evidently
caught the eye of one of the Garou that night and the
sounds of a quick brawl on the other side of the bonfire.
Briefly, Leaps glanced up at where the caern should be,
but the thickening fog had hidden it from view.

Greg finally broke the silence between them with
a long sigh. "So, you ready for tomorrow, nephew?"

"Aye, uncle. I think I am."

"Good. Your pack... they're a good bunch. They'll
see you right tomorrow."

"Aye, that they will."

Silence fell once more and it fell to Greg to break
it again.

"Here, lad, have a swig," he said, handing Leaps
the flask. Leaps shook the morbid thoughts from his
head. "Cheers, Uncle," he said. He took a long swing
of the whisky and felt the burning tear its way down his
gullet.

"That'll keep you warm tonight, lad," chuckled
Greg, some of his normal spirit returning.

"I don't need whisky to do that tonight, old man,"
Leaps laughed back. "I've got the knowledge that we're
gonna kick the Wyrm's arse tomorrow and the love of
a very, very bad woman to keep me warm tonight. Or
have you forgotten what it's like to do the dirty, Greg?"

"Would that be Iona you're talking about lad?"
asked his uncle, an amused twinkle in his eye.

"Of course it would. I'm on a promise tonight and
I'm looking forward to it."

"Well, if you're not careful, lad, she'll be keeping
that promise with Arms-Like-Trees over there, and
from what hear, it's not just his arms that are like trees."

Leaps glanced over to where his pack was gathered
around the fire, and saw Arms-Like-Trees paying the
beautiful, lithe, auburn-haired girl a little too much
attention. The short, stocky werewolf was wrapping a

blanket around her as she tried to warm up after the
long walk up from the village.

A growl rose in Leaps-Like-the-Salmon's throat as
he shifted to Lupus and ran toward the Ahroun, Greg's
laughter fading behind him. With one leap he landed
on the other werewolf's chest, pushing back onto the
damp grass. Iona scrambled to one side, fear flashing
across her face. Leaps ignored her. Only putting his
packmate back in place mattered. Iona would be his
without any doubt then. Even a wolfs mouth could
manage the one word he growled at his rival: "Mine."

"Och, get off me, you daft bugger," said Arms,
pushing the angry wolf away. "I was only keeping her
warm for you."

"Mine."

"I know, pal, I know. Do you really think I'd be so
stupid as to challenge one of the pack on the eve of a
battle over a Kin lass?"

"Mine."

Arms sighed and rolled suddenly to his left, pitch-
ing the wolf off his chest. Both Garou shifted instinc-
tively to Crinos, but Arms was by far the stronger, and
he had Leaps pinned before the other could get any
purchase on the ground. "Now listen, lad, you'll cut
this out, share a beer or two with me and enjoy this
night, or I'll make you look like a bloody idiot in front
of your woman there," whispered Arms to the strug-
gling Leaps. "D'you want that? Good. I didn't think so.
Now as soon as I let you up, it's laughter and friends
again. Clear? Good."

"When you boys are quite done, your alpha could
do with a drink," said an amused female voice. Sarah
"Rends-the-Night" McShane was standing over the
pair, intimidating even in her Homid form. Lean and
muscular, with a torrent of raven hair down her back,
it was easy to see what Douglas, her Kin lover, saw in
the alpha. For his part, Douglas was hovering behind
McShane, with his arm around his sister Jona in a
distinctly protective way.

"Now, are you going to stop behaving like a pair of
newly-Changed cubs, or am I gonna have to show you
how a real Garou fights?" demanded McShane.

Both of the brawling Fianna‘ abruptly lowered
their heads in gestures of submission. This was war —
no time to be challenging the leader. "Good boys,"
smirked McShane, gently ruffling the fur on Arms's
nape. "Now, be a good lad and go fetch me a pint or
three. I want a word with our Theurge lover-boy here."

Arms didn't bother getting to his feet. He just
shifted into Hispo and set off for at a fair run. Leaps
melted back down into Homid and sat waiting for the

Legends of the Garou: Falling Down


inevitable lecture from McShane. Instead, she came
and set next to him.

"I'm glad to see you care enough about Iona to
fight for her, lad. That's a good sign. I like to see some
backbone and passion in my pack. But, well, it can
create problems and | don't like problems," she said.

Here it comes, thought Leaps.

"You see, Douggie here is very important to me,
and what upsets him upsets me. And Douggie loves his
sister very much, and whatever upsets her upset him.
So, you see lad, what upsets Iona, upsets me. And you
don't want me upset, do you?"

Leaps shook his head in mute agreement.

"There's a good lad. Now, you treat Iona right, and
I won't have to come round and throat your sorry little
arse good and proper. You got it? Good, now let's share
a beer and if you treat Iona right, all will be well."

Arms staggered back, carrying enough beer to last
the pack through most of the evening. McShane
snared a jug from one of the several and swigged
straight from it, drinking deep. Eventually, she passed
the jug to Leaps, while wiping her mouth with the back
of her other hand.

"Damn, that's good stuff. I've gota fire, adrink and
my pack around me and all I need now is my lover by
my side. Douglas, get that cute arse of yours over here."

Douglas let go of lona, and made his way to sit by
McShane. Iona hesitated a moment and then went to
sit by Leaps. He put his arm out and she snuggled into
it, enjoying the warmth of his body on the cold night.

"Aw, ain't this a cosy wee scene," said Daughter of
Arduinna, the last member of the pack, as she walked
up to the others. "Och, you're just jealous, lass," replied
McShane, nipping at Douglas's neck.

Daughter affected an offended air. "Nonsense,
boss. I just have my mind on our strategy for the
morning. Fighting Wyrm-spawn in an oil refinery is
not my idea of fun."

Arms-Like-Trees roared with laughter. "Call your-
self Garou, woman? It sounds like a whole world o' fun
to me. Come here, hen, and drink with me a while. If
anything'll put a thirst for a fight into your belly, it's
this piss that they're claiming is beer."

Daughter grabbed one of the jars and started
quaffing from it. "I see your taste in beer is as poor as
your taste in fun, Arms, you idiot," she snorted.

"Y'know what," said Leaps, leaning towards Arms,
"T think the lass has a point."

Arms snorted. "I don't care what you think. I'll tell
you what I think, though."

"What?"

"] think I know the true reason the boss is called
Rends-the-Night."
‘Really?

"Yeah, it's because she makes so much noise when
she's screwing Douglas!" Arms, hugely amused by his
own joke, bellowed with laughter. Iona sniggered in an
uneasy way. Leaps quickly looked to see if McShane
had heard, and saw to his relief that she was too busy
with Douglas to pay any attention to what her pack
were saying. Leaps laughed with relief and shoved
Arms towards Daughter. "Why don't you two try and
find some Kinfolk blind enough to dance with you, and
leave me and Iona alone for a bit?"

"Wanna see if she rends the night, huh?" said
Arms, digging Leaps in the ribs. "Have fun, man."

Fora while after his packmates had left, Leaps lost
himself in Iona, listening to her voice, watching the
firelight playing over her face, feeling her hair brush
against his cheek. They took turns in the dancing, too,
but rarely stayed up for more than a single dance. For
awhile, Leaps-Like-the-Salmon was able to forget his
fear and apprehension about the next day. But, all too
soon, it came rushing back.

"What's wrong?" asked Iona, seeing the look in
his eyes.

"Just.... just thinking about tomorrow," he said,
cupping her face in his hand. She looked him in the
eyes again and then cuddled up against his chest. He
appreciated the silence. They sat together, just enjoy-
ing the moment.

Eventually Leaps became aware of his surround-
ings again and looked around. His packmates had
returned with a couple of playmates and were now busy
telling each other dirty jokes, while knocking back
enough beer to kill a horse. He looked at his alpha, lost
in her lover's embrace. And he felt the warmth of
lona's warm body pressed against his. This was the way
to live.

And then Iona was on her feet, pulling Leaps
towards one of the many huts that were scattered in the
woods near the stream. "C'mon, lad, time for bed," she
said, the look in her eyes promising a whole lot more
than a good night's sleep. Leaps-Like-the-Salmon let
himself be dragged away from his pack with asilly smile
plastered on his face.

Minutes later, snuggled naked next to her in one of
the huts, he sincerely hoped that the night would never
end. She smelt so good lying there in his arms that he
had to fight back the urge to shift forms to let its sharper
senses feast on her scent. Instead he leaned forward and
kissed her, long and hard. She pulled away briefly and

Fianna


=

looked at him strangely for a moment. "Let's give you
something to come home for tomorrow," she whispered,
before pulling him close once more.

eee

The rain pelted down over the hill, slowly soaking
through the clothes Leaps had changed into on his
return. The other ones weren't in much of a state to be
worn any more. Shame about that, he'd have to dedi-
cate a new set at some point — if he could ever be
bothered. It's not as if it really matters. Frankly, he
couldn't care less about clothes, ruined or sodden, right
now. He had a job to do, and he was damned if
anything else was going to get in the way.

After his final ascent of the hillside, once he'd put
the rock in place, he sat down to recover from his
exertions. Despite the weather, the view down into the
valley was good and he could see the celebration revels
starting to get underway. Somewhere down there, Iona
would be waiting for him. Normally the thought of a
victory revel, andanight in herarms, would fill him with
excitement and anticipation, but today? Nothing.

Once more he looked at the cairn that sat on the
hilltop and sighed. It was noticeably bigger than it had
been yesterday evening, partially through his own
efforts. Each extra stone seemed to weigh on his heart
and nothing he did could shake the feeling. Not much
point in staying here much longer. His absence would
be noticed too quickly, especially after what had hap-
pened earlier. He had no choice but to head back.

With sinking spirits, he trod the familiar path back
to the living area of the caern, and tried to summon
some joy back into his heart, but he could find precious
little within himself. He tried focusing on the throb-
bing pain of his side instead, hoping that it might
provoke anger, the desire for revenge on the Spiral that
injured him, anything but this growing void which he
felt opening up within himself. Still he found nothing.
He had to force himself to take each step forward, back
into his family who would be celebrating when all he
wanted to do was howl his misery to Sister Luna
herself.

Greg was waiting for him half way down the hill.
He was dressed in traditional garb tonight, the one-
piece kilt that he'd wrapped around his body as sodden
as the modern clothes that Leaps wore. He expression
was severe. He said nothing as his nephew approached,
but just held out the battered flask. Leaps ignored it
and continued down the hill.

"You'll stop right there, boy," growled Greg. "You'll
come back here, and drink from my flask."

Despite himself Leaps stopped, but he didn't turn.
He didn't want this confrontation, but he didn't think
he could escape it either.

"I know you're hurting, lad. But I still want you to
come here, and drink from the flask."

Fora while, the only sound that could be heard was
the insistent patter of the rain on the ground and the
distant sounds of the revel getting underway. Finally,
Leaps spoke. "No."

"Come here, and drink, lad," repeated Greg, his
voice growing sterner. "I'm yer elder, and you'll do
what I say, or I swear by Stag himself, I'll come over
there and force this whisky down your idiot throat."

Leaps turned around, anger flashing across his face
for the first time. "Why can't any of you understand
that I can't bloody celebrate tonight? You selfish
bastards, you can't see past your partying, drinking and
screwing. Look, I don't care about the fucking tradi-
tions of the Fianna. | don't care about the ways of our
ancestors or any of that shit. None of it seems to matter
now. Don't you understand?"

Greg stepped forwards, holding the flask out in
front of him. "Aye. You know I understand." His eyes
hardened. "You will take this flask and you will drink,
lad, or you'll answer to me. And you'll do it because you
know I understand."

Leaps felt a growl beginning to rise in his throat as
the first stages of the change to Glabro overtook him.
Greg continued to glare at him, the flask still in his
outstretched hand. "Don't even think it, lad. You may
be young, but I know a few tricks that'll have you
whimpering for your Mum before you know what's
happened to you."

Leaps felt the black hole within him eat the little
anger he had built up. He shrank back to Homid and
slumped miserably to the ground. Greg paused a mo-
ment, and then came to sit next to his nephew. He
opened his flask, and took a sip, relishing the familiar
burn in his throat. His nephew was staring up at the
cairn again. Greg sighed. This wasn't going to be easy.

"What do you see up there, son? I imagine you see
nothing but the deaths every one of those stones
represent, don't you? Another noble Fiann taken from
us, another loss to grieve after?"

Leaps grunted something that might have been
agreement. Greg chose to assume that it was.

"Well, you're wrong. That's not what I see up
there, lad. That's not what any good Fiann should
see. We know better than that. That's what makes
us different. Each of those rocks marks a life lived,
anda life lived well. Listen lad, you and I, and all the
Garou down there, we're warriors. We're fated to die
in combat from the minute we're born into this
world. It's what Gaia chose us for, and we should
accept that responsibility gladly. It's the only cer-

Legends of the Garou: Falling Down


tainty we have from the moment Stag calls us and
we Change for the first time."

He paused to take another swig.

"One day, maybe one not too far off now, it'll be
my stone placed up there. I don't mind that fact, lad.
I've done good service for the Mother here and I
know she'll have a role for me to play once this body
is gone. And do you know why else I won't mind?
Simple, lad. It's because | made the most of this body
while I had the chance.

"Lad, we fight when we have to fight. When we
don't we should bloody well enjoy our lives, because we
never know when they're going to end. It's a warrior's
lot to fight and die. We may call ourselves warriors and
druids and bards, but we're all warriors really. Sure,
some of us can carry a tune better than others. Others
know more about the Otherworld than the rest of us.
It doesn't matter. We're all still here to fight.

"But that's not all we are. Look at me. I'm a
grandfather, just. I've had more lovers in my time than
Ican safely count, and I probably have a few wee bairns
that I don't even know are my own. I've drunk enough
whisky to killa man many times over and I've traveled
from one side of this planet to the other, serving Stag
and the Mother. I've feasted well and seen parts of the
Otherworld that would melt your young mind.

"T''ve had a good life, lad. When I'm gone, I don't
want you to sit here like some bleeding-heart Child of
Gaia mourning my loss — I want you down there,
laughing, drinking and celebrating the life that I
lived, like the rest of the sept are doing for those who
fell today, while we sit here gossiping like fishwives.
I've taken the life Gaia gave me, and | thank her that
it's been longer than so many of us are granted, and
I've enjoyed everything I can. Will you be able to say
the same, son?"

Leaps looked at him for a moment, and then put
his hand out. Greg placed the flask in his hand, with a
smile. "Good lad, I knew you'd see sense. Yer mother
would be proud of you."

Leaps look the flask, sloshed the whisky inside
around for a moment, and then knocked back a long
swig. Eyes watering, he did the flask up, and handed it
back to Greg. Then he stood up and without a word,
started down the hill again.

Greg unscrewed the top and took another swig.
"Ah, lad," he whispered. "It doesn't get any harder
than this. | still remember, even after all these years.
Sometimes no amount of whisky takes away the pain."
The rain soon mingled with the single tear that slid
down the old Garou's face.


Leaps strode into the center of a group of Garou,
and snatched a bottle from one of them. Without even
looking to see what was inside, he necked the lot. Then
he flung his head back and let out a long, low cry of
victory. Those around him joined in, and within
minutes the whole sept was howling their joy at the
Wyrm's defeat that day.

The bards, both Kin and Garou, took their cue
and the music began as the howls started to fade.
Leaps strode quickly through the crowd, searching for
one face amongst the many. There, she was, with her
brother. Gaia, she looked beautiful tonight. "Iona..."
he started and then he saw the expression on Douglas's
face, the pain that mirrored his own. He didn't bother
trying to speak to him. He just grabbed him and
crushed him ina hug, one he felt Douglas return with
equal strength. He could sense Iona trying to hug
both of them.

At length, the three of them pulled apart. "She
died well, my friend, and took many of them with her.
Will you join your sister and I in celebrating her
memory?" He gestured to the dance that was starting
up down by the fire.

"I don't know..." said Douglas, but lona grabbed
both of the men and started pulling them towards the
dancers. "C'mon Douggie, you know the traditions as
well as us. We're Fianna. We celebrate the lives of
those of us who die, we don't ruin our own precious
lives with misery."

Reluctantly, Douglas let himself be dragged long
with Iona and Leaps to a cleared area where groups of
Garou and Kin were dancing reels. The three of them
slotted into the circle at the next switch of partner
groups and lost themselves in the dance. The music,
the laugher, the rapid movement and concentration
on the patterns of the dance buried their pain, and for
a little while they were able to enjoy the simple
beauty of living.

All too soon, though, the dance wound up. It was
time for the tale-telling and Leaps felt his heart beating
faster in his chest. The threesome took their seats
amongst the other Sept members as Howls-of-the-
World's-End, the sept's senior Galliard, stepped for-
ward. A silence fell over the assembled sept as he
cleared his throat.

"IT thank Stag who loves us and Mannan who
watches over this caern for so many of you coming
home to us safe this day," he said. "And I thank mother
Gaia for those of us who did not return and the lives
that they lived."

And then he began to sing. His words carried
Leaps-Like-the-Salmon back to the morning, to the
nerves and bravado of the assembled packs. He could

taste the excitement as they stepped sideways and
made their way to the Refinery through the Otherworld.
He recalled their exultation as the packs swept aside
the Wyrmlings they encountered and gained access to
the plant itself without loss.

And then he felt his stomach sink. He knew what
came next. After they stepped sideways again. To his
own astonishment, Leaps suddenly found himself on
his feet, taking over the story from Howls-of-the-
World's-End. The Galliard stepped aside to let the
young Garou take his place. He knew even as Leaps
spoke that the Theurge didn't have a tenth of the skill
that the elder Garou had, but he had a thousand times
the passion for the people whose deaths he was re-
counting. He wove a simple tale of courage and sacri-
fice, of Rends-the-Night seeing a group of Spirals
trying to spring an attack from behind on the main
body of the Garou. She led her pack in a headlong
charge, crying out a warning howl, alerting the others
as she did so.

Even as they changed, each and every one of the
pack could see their deaths. There were too many of
the Spirals for the four Garou to take on alone, but
they didn't hesitate. Rends-the-Night tore into them,
tearing the head off one even as he shredded her leg.
Arms-Like-Trees was beside her in a second, furi-
ously tearing at those attacking his alpha. Within
heartbeats, Leaps-Like-the-Salmon and Daughter-
of-Arduinna were by his side, Daughter swinging her
klaive and Leaps calling upon the spirits to harry and
confuse the Fallen Garou.

Their efforts were doomed. For every blow they
landed, two fell on them. Rends-the-Night fell first,
screaming her defiance even as her guts tumbled to the
ground. Her death sent Arms-Like-Trees into a frenzy,
ripping his way through her killers and more besides.
Daughter-of-Arduinna was blindsided, and torn apart
once she hit the ground. Leaps-Like-the-Salmon never
saw Arms-Like-Trees die, as a blow to his head sent
Leaps spinning backwards, his consciousness fading.
When he recovered, the Spirals were dead. Another
pack had left the main body of the Fianna to back up
the Chosen of Cernunnos pack, but had arrived too
late to save anyone but Leaps.

There was no time to mourn, though; the battle
had to go on. Leaps-Like-the-Salmon joined the other
Fianna, and plunged into the fight once more.

Howls-of-the-World's-End gripped Leaps-Like-
the-Salmon's shoulder firmly as he seamlessly took
over the tale. He told of the running battle through the
corridors of the oil refinery, of the final confrontation
with the Wyrm-twisted thing that lurked at its heart,
their final triumph and its terrible cost, but Leaps-

Legends of the Garou: Falling Down 7


Like-the-Salmon was no longer really listening. He
was looking at lona and Douglas, seeing the pride in his
lover's eyes and the warring emotions of pride and
misery painted all across her brother's face. Slowly, he
began to understand what Greg had been trying to tell
him. As the assembled sept howled its approval of the
tale he and Howls-of-the-World's-End, told, he just
stumbled back to the people that he loved.

As the howls rose around him, growing louder,
more complex and richer, he hugged Iona, while
looking Douglas in the eye. Douglas looked at him and
nodded. And then, he turned and added his voice to
the howl. The whole sept turned their faces to Sister
Luna and howled their triumph and joy at being
Fianna. Human voices mixed with wolf howls and
unmistakable sound of the Garou to create asymp)
that spoke to the hearts of all of them. As the
triumph died away, a new chorus rose up
assembled werewolves. This howl sang of p:
ness and loss. It sang of heroes dying
destined to die and the pain of those |
spoke of torn flesh and freed spirit and
horror of battle.

As the howls slowly turned to the future, to ideas
of safety and future victory, a single wolf detached itself
from the group and padded its way slowly up the hill,
still howling. The insistent rain trickled down his fur,
giving him a sleek, determined appearance.

The howl died away into ragged, sobbing cries and
Leaps-Like-the-Salmon shifted back to his human form
and fell to the ground. He howled again, crying out to
Gaia his pain at the loss of his pack. He lost all track of

e turned him to face
ianna, and I know
ould face this alone," she whispered to
ou hurt, but come back to us. Come back
f your family. Come back into the warmth

in what your pack died to protect."
tly, he stood up, and slipped his arm around
And then Rory "Leaps-Like-the-Salmon"
d Ilona McGregor made their way down the
e light of the fire and the warmth of their

Fianna



|

Oot

Authors: Forrest B. Marchinton and Adam Tinworth.
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen

Comtag Soon for Merewoff...

Developer: Ethan Skemp

MET Assistance: Cynthia Summers

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Jeremy Jarvis, Matthew Mitchell, Steve Prescott,
Jeff Rebner

Art Direction, Layout & Cover Design: Aileen E.
Miles

Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Waite WOLF] USA
GAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity,
Werewolf Players Guide and Tribebook Fianna are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

10 Fianna

a ——e ./


rT AGAR PEN EER Nes me
TRIBEBOOK:

JAUNA

Confortt
Legend of the Carey: Faruhly Vifoer
Dapper Tivo: Phearth avd Vlorme, Chern avd ke (Veckofy)
Dapper VTiree: Fang aod Aihlar (Papaafer Creapion)
eater Fir: The WW and the Vie Alero-Vhifen of S7eg)

Contents

EL AT ONY

Lt
12
3E
66
SE

11

|


"God reward you," said Goronwy, and he took up the
stone and put it between himself and the blow. Then Lleu
threw the spear and pierced both the stone and Goronwy;
Goronwy's back was broken and he was killed. The stone
still stands on the bank of Avon Gynvaelin Ardudwy, with
the spear through it, and it is called Llech Oronwy.

— "Math Son of Mathonwy," The Mabinogion

Well, the elders have placed you in my capable hands
this evening, but they haven't left me with much time.
My pack's leaving for Scotland on sept business tomorrow
— no, you can't go, and don't interrupt your betters —
and I'm to tell you the tale of the Fianna in one evening.
No small task to condense a story that would take half a
lifetime to relate into a few hours. But it's quiet, and your
belly and my cup are both full.

Put down your pen; this isn't a lecture hall. You'd
best start honing your memory now; you'll soon meet
traditionalists who'd tear you a new one for trying to
take notes. Our tales unfold in words, and words are
better spoken than written. The spoken word is alive
like a butterfly, energetic, beautiful and changing. Write
the word down, and it gets pinned to the paper like the
specimen on an entomologist's board. Some say the first

iia

The Song of Stag's Children

writing put the Weaver on the road to ascendancy —
but that's not what you came to hear, is it?

I'm turning out the lights, what does it look like?
There's few tales that are better told in bright light. No
hearth here for a fire, but some candles will do the
trick. Besides, you won't be tempted to write anything
down if you can't see the notebook. There, three
candles, to represent your first triad. That's a memory
trick we use, to group important information in threes.
Remember, then, lad, the three candles that illumine
every darkness: Knowledge, Truth, and Nature. The
Knowledge, I'll give you this night. If I tell my story
aright and you listen close, you'll hear Truth woven
through the tale. If I do the tale justice, and you learn
from it, that will sit well with my Nature as a Galliard
and a Fianna. One swig... and on we go.

aS
em)

2 RSA EARS APSA SP NAG oN A PN PRR ENT

A tale should start at the beginning, but which
one? Maybe you've heard a tale or two about how Gaia
created our kind, but that's not the beginning of my
tale. I'm thinking of a winter evening, one of many
since man and wolf were joined in spirit. In a deep
forest, a young werewolf howled to the gibbous moon;
his howl was joy for the Mother of All; his howl was
loneliness for a lost pack; his howl was lusty to echo the
fierce life that beat in his chest. But there was one who
walked the night who was drawn to the bittersweet
song. It melted the ice of her heart and brought tears
to her eyes; asky-blue flower grew where each drop fell.
She lifted her head and sang her own song; her song
was longing for the fierce beauty she beheld; her song
was sorrow for knowing the Garou's mortality; her
song was joy for the promise in his voice and in his
spirit. And he beheld the watcher, and his heart broke
for her majesty, her beauty beyond all things. Their
songs rose together, mingled, and the stars grew brighter
in their beauty. Then she took the wolf-form, and they
ran together, chasing the moon, and on the cusp of the
morning they came together in their human forms. But
when he awoke, she had vanished.

A full nine years and nine days passed before the
Galliard laid eyes upon her again. She had twin chil-
dren standing proudly beside her — an elfin girl of fine
features, and a boy with a feral cast to his face. "Behold
the fruits of our joining. My daughter shall reside with
her kin in the lands that know no death, but I gift you
with your son. May he live with your people and stoke
the fires in their hearts against the all the cold winters
to come. May the bond of blood between them wax
strong in the coming ages." And then Danu, mother of
the Tuatha de Danaan, took her daughter Fionna
through the high air to Tir na nOg, leaving her son
among his own kind. He was the first of our songkeepers,
whose voice could shame the songbirds and make hope
bloom in the darkness like roses in the snow. He was
the first of our tribe.

So it was told to me. Mind you, the fire was ash and
the sky was brightening before the elder ended his tale.
I don't think you have the time or the attention span for
me to do justice to it, so you got short version. Yes, of
course there were faeries. Still are, just as there are
werewolves. Let's move on.

Sopergtyre

You've heard about the Impergium, I know; your
Ragabash pal has a mouth after her mood: dark and

expansive. I won't defend what we did at the dawn of

Civilization. Thousands of years

most of us think
rewolves were

and we edid this

the Impergium was a bad idea
entrusted with keeping a hui

tainted. Others saw
bronze could b
even silver?

7

ways of the forge when it could only strengthen them?
Still, a few septs saw value in the new arts, and allowed
the humans to make tools and weapons for us alone;
these smiths alone did not face the claws of the Garou.

Our attitude changed somewhat as our tribe grew and
collected more clans of Kinfolk. Ina world of stone points,
metal weapons were a great advantage; a tribe armed with
stone will serve the metal-armed every time. Septs that
once slew anyone carrying so much as a cast ingot of
bronze now encouraged Kinfolk smiths to strengthen
their people with blades and tools.

I wonder what our ancestors would say about the state
of the world. I'm guessing they would have rethought the
whole Concord. Oh, I wouldn't go around saying the
Impergium shouldbe reinstated —particularly not around
any Kinfolk who know our history — but let's say I can
look back to that time and say, "here's where things started
going wrong for the world."

The Impergium officially ended with the Con-
cord, but in reality it continued in for some time.
Villages swelled, tribes left for unsettled lands, and
eventually butted up against other villages. The result
was conflict, skirmishes, raids, and conquest — fights
we often instigated. Where once our packs descended
on an opposing village, now we would hand a charis-
matic Kinfolk a fine sword or spear, sing tales of his
ancestor's deed to stir his blood, and point him at the
other village. Well-armed, his band had a better than
even chance of victory, resulting in wealthier, healthier
Kinfolk and fewer humans overall. Impergium-by-
proxy. And if said Kinfolk decided to war against us for
some reason, he and his little sword couldn't stand
against a Gaian war machine. For werewolves, it was
far too simple to dominate humans who were neither
very numerous nor well-armed. It made us feel power-
ful, and fed our pride. And pride led to...

The War of Rage

The werewolves were the warriors of Gaia, and in
our own minds we were the greatest of all the Chang-
ing Breeds. We were kings of the world, and made no
secret of our right to rule human and Fera alike. The
Fera had other ideas, of course; we didn't take too well
to being snubbed, laughed at, or even ignored. In our
pride, we found reasons to hate them. If they didn't
follow the rightful kings of creation, they were rebels
to be punished; if they didn't follow the champions of
the Wyld, perhaps they followed the Wyrm. We took
caerns or skirmished with them to put them in their
place, yet were outraged when the Fera retaliated in
kind. Escalation was inevitable as one breed after
another found itself targeted. Any voice of reason was
drowned out in howls of vengeance. In our madness,
we left the hunt for the Wyrm to take up the hunt for
our Changer cousins. The peaceful werebears, the
proud werelions, the skulking wererats, even the play-
ful wereotters fell beneath our claws. Soon even the
peacemakers fell silent, for with so much blood already
spilled, it was clear the Fera would never grant peace.
Of course, the outcome of the war was inevitable. We
fought in coordinated packs, which few Fera did. And
though the tribes weren't particularly friendly to each
other, they shared a unity the independent Feracouldn't
or wouldn't emulate. Today, you won't meet a
wereeagle, a wereox, a werespider or wereotter. The
survivors — the Bastet and Mokolé chief among them
— are scarce, and their bitterness can be lethal if they
catch you alon

crimes ageinsen a score of others any le shameful.

The Song of Stag's Children 15

Nh

nin


a a SL TE RAE Rl TAS Oe AR AEP ot PE

Who were the Celts? There is no strict definition;
for example, some tie it to various art forms, others to
genetic stock. Currently, in most academic circles the
term Celt is used to represent a general culture tied to
a related group of languages. The Greeks referred toa
northern people called the Keltoi, and Caesar called
the tribes of central Gaul the Celtae. The Romantics
of the eighteenth, nineteenth and early twentieth
centuries resurrected the term to nostalgicallyede-
scribe a great empire of proud, artistic and fiercely
independent tribes. Drawing from the Romantics, the
modern New Agé movement has painted them as i in
touch withvall things spiritual.

Modern archeology is often at odds with these
portrayals. The notion of a unified Celtic identity is

Galatian would feel a bondwith the Iceni of Britain,
although she may feel more at home with customs or
religioustradition than shewouldin Pompeii or Thebes.
While sharing some cultural and linguistic ties, Celtic
society was quite diverse; some Celts lived in small
loosely arranged chieftainships, while others had eco-
nomically mighty metropolises and alevel of central-
ized organization equaling their Roman rivals. Unfot-
tunately, unlike the prolific'Gréeks and Romans (and
later, Christian monastics) the Celtie peoples rarely
recorded their goings-on (the exception ‘being the
more organized of the Gaulic societies around the time
of Roman expansion, and very few of their documents
have survived). Therefore, most of what we know
comes from rivals or enemies who wouldn't make the
best character witnesses. Since then, many have at-
tempted to shed light on their forebears, but some were
more enthusiastic than scholarly while others were
tuled by their political agendas. Only in the last cen-
tury, and particularly in the last two decades, has
archeology begun to advance beyond Romantic myths
and political biases, providing a much clearer, though
still quite incomplete, picture of these ancient peoples.

Scholars speak of two general Celtic cultures,
each with similar but distinct technological and artis-

questionable at best. For instance, it is unlikely thata

Whos a Cot and Who hint?

tic styles. The earliest, Hallstatt, spanned the period
from around 1200 to around 475 BCE. The next,
known as La Tene, was the culture that Rome faced
(Hallstatt and La Tene are the names of the principal
archeological sites for the respective cultures). Worked
items often sported a high degree of decoration,
including intricate series of spirals and flowing lines,
stylized faces and animals (the familiar Celtic knotwork
islikely an invention of Christian monks), including
_ motifs borrowédsfrom neighboring cultures.

Until recently, it Wasaccepted that the British
Isles were invaded by successive waves of Celtic
peoples; while some migration!probably took place,
it's mOredlikely that preexisting social)religious and
€€onomic ties between the British Islés.and the
"continent aréresponsible for the spread of Ba Tene

culture. The cultural aspects of Celtic peoples under
foreign occupationwere understandably diluted over
time; while some aspects and cultural traits are
retained, places/like Gaul and England are more of
anamalgam ofgueceeding cultures than the outlying
lands such as Scotland, Wales and Ireland.
To truly get a sense of these diverse peoples
would require more space than we can afford, but in
an over-generalized nutshell, here are a few notes
basedon archeology and contemporary sources. The
Celts were philosophical, superstitious (like every-
one else), fierce in battle but undisciplined. They
loved to drink, and happily traded a slave for a jug of
wine. They had astrong sense of honor, which didn't
always fit with the codes of neighboring civiliza-
tions. Of their appearance they were vain, and were
more apt to show their wealth by adornments than
by grand houses. Knowledge and history was passed
down through oral tradition.

Many Celtic resources are available, in print or on
line. A little effort is necessary to parse the true histori-
cal evidence from the "mythic" Celts of romance —
unless, of course, that's the sort of game you're shooting
for. Nobody ever said that Garou society held truer to
human history than human legend.

The Rite of Liege Diliren

There were many tribes of humans, even in the
ancient times. Some we watched. Perhaps we noticed
that some watched us back. Who knows how our
forebears chose Kin back then? Probably the boldest,
the strongest, maybe even the wisest were joined to us.
We grew together, the human and the werewolf; our
blood fired theirs, bringing inspiration to their hearts

and restlessness to their souls; they threw heart and
soul into all they forged and crafted and birthed.
Likewise, our wolf Kin were a breed apart from their
cousins: large, strong, beautiful of voice and matchless
in grace as they glided through the forests and plains.

Soon, our Stag's Tribe spread across Europe.

Fianna

__—_—

hacia


You'll notice I've not yet called our ancestors
Fianna; I've chosen my words carefully. One text
written by the Warders of Men (who eventually be-
came the Weaver-loving Glass Walkers) mentions
"the nine-times-nine clans of Stag." A bit of an exag-
geration, but certainly the tribe branched like the tines
of Stag's antlers across Europe. With distance comes
isolation. We've always been clannish, and eventually
septs identified more with their local tribemates than
with the tribe as a whole. Their names they took for
themselves or were given by kin or foe.

Perhaps the greatest of these were the Hounds of the
Horned One — don't growl, not all comparisons to dogs
are insults — who reigned supreme across Gaul, but
there were others; for example, high in the alpine
regions lived the Skysingers, whose mingled howls were
reckoned magnificent and without compare even in a
tribe of singers. Then there were the Night Claws who
prowled the hills and valleys in the Balkans and some-
times "forgot" the Impergium was over. And in the
western isles lived those whom the humans euphemis-
tically called Fierce Ones — the Fianna. No, they
weren'tnamed after Fionn mac Cumhail, though he was
among the greatest of Kin — and I'm pleasantly sur-
prised you've even heard the name, cub. I know you
aren't well-versed in the Irish tongue yet, but surely
you've noticed that the Garou word for Fierce sounds a
bit Gaelic? That's the beauty of inventing your own
language. And if the Gaels used our own words to
describe us, so much the better. For that matter, "Garou"
entered human ken through our Gallic Kin.

History is conquest; that's one of the biggest les-
sons for the chronicler. You take from someone, or
someone takes from you. In the early days, we took and
took, expanding in all directions, claiming new Kin-
folk here, following our conquering Kinfolk there.

Stag's Children reached the western isles long
before sword was first drawn from stone, when — no
I'm not talking about King Arthur, I'm talking about
the Bronze and Iron Ages. Anyway, our folk were there
long before the so-called Celtic cultures arose. We're
a territorial lot; if we hear the howls of a stranger in the
distance, we get antsy and either drive them off, hunt
them down or leave for greener pastures. And the
pastures don't get much greener than the isle we now
call Ireland. The scattered peoples of the isle had just
settled down to farm, but the hunt was still in their
blood. Among them we found worthy Kinfolk, though
we did not rule as once we might have. It was in those
days that we established septs of the TriSpiral and
Silver Tara, the greatest of the caerns we still hold.

PR SPT PLL

Here also we found the greatest of the fae who
dwelt in this world. Mind you, they were like young
gods in those days, beautiful and terrible —the Tuatha
de Danaan, the tribe of Danu. By our bonds of blood,
they welcomed us, though I suspect they relished the
thought of the amusement we could provide. Don't
assume that just because someone is your ally that you
can trust him.

The Formortant

But all was not fair on the Emerald Isle. We were no
strangers to the Wyrm's taint, but here we encountered
a sea-borne race beyond anything we had yet met.
Called the Fomorians, these misshapen creatures swept
across the island, taking horrible tributes during the
dark half of each year (that's from Samhain to Beltane...
oh, alright, unlearned pup, try Halloween and May Day,
more or less). By the stories, they would demand every
third child in every village, or steal the fertility from
every third field so that nothing but thorns and stones
would grow there. Sometimes they would simply sweep
a swath of destruction across a corner of Ireland.

The lords of faerie were there before our kind ever set
foot on the island. So why didn't they just come to grips
with the Fomorians? Because the Fomorians were also
called Fir Domann, the Men of Domnu. Domnu, so they
say, was the dark sister of Danu, and the epitome of all
things fell and evil. The Fomorians equaled, if not
outmatched, the Children of Danu, and the faerie lords of
Eire hated and feared them above all else. They called on
our aid by invoking the blood ties between our tribe and
theirs, though I imagine Stag's Children would have
joined the fight in any case; we made the isles our
territory, and we'd be damned if we let a race of Wyrm-
blooded beasties have the run of the place. So the call
went out to all our tribe, and when darkness fell and the
Fomorians followed the frost to Eire, we fell upon them
with claw, fang, Gift and glamour.

There's never been a war like it, pup. We pricked
them but good, and it just pissed them off. They
returned in force nine times as strong — hordes of
misshapen warriors with dark magic and poisoned
weapons. You'll hear tales of our battles with the
Fomorians to last a thousand campfires. Ground soaked
in blood marked the passage of battles. Packs threw
themselves at the invaders, determined to win or die.
Many, many did the latter before we got the former.
When we thought the foe was on the verge of collapse,
word would reach us of a raid in the Welsh lands or that
a caern on the Thames was besieged.

Finally, on the Plain of Towers (known today as
Moytura), all was decided in one titanic battle, which
lasted from sunup to sundown. While the de Danaan
wove their glamours and fought with spear and bow and

The Song of Stag's Children 17

Ee

meray

OSES SR EPEAT, TEE EATS DB PB TON RIL EOE OFY,

3
|

sling stone, we rolled in with claw and fang. Blood of
faerie and werewolf alike painted the stones, pooled in
bogs and soaked deep into the soil, charging the Umbra
with death and war. There was no way of telling who
would be the victor until just before the sun touched the
horizon, when the Fomorians broke and fled for the
shore. The survivors set sail for the west, never again to
haunt our lands. Afterwards, both fae and Garou built
great cairns as memorials to the fallen; we consecrated
the site to become the Caern of the Red Plain. The cost
of victory was dear, however; the best of a generation

never saw the victory moots, and even the Tuatha de
Danaan never fully recovered their strength. Before the
next Age of Man arrived
from the Dying Land
which sailed through
left behind their own c!
from our lands, and our allia
renewed; in the blood of birtk

of war it was strengthened.

Agatost the Fomors
Though the Fomor

out of the proverbial w

fair fo

ind in the blood

The Pawtag of the Tuatha

When you're a songkeeper
been, you'll notice that most tales v
on who's doing the telling. Take thi
Tuatha de Danaan, for instance. Th
who insist the elder fae were so weal
Moytura that they abandoned the Dying
they call our world
recuperate: If
again one day. A more e popu ar tale has the és
Danaan driven out of this world by the arrival of
iron-wielding tribes. I don't doubt their seers knew
that iron was coming, but I don't reckon there
were pitched battles between the great fae and
human upstarts; I imagine the Tuatha were gone
before the Iron Age hit British shores. If that's the
case, the de Danaan are probably gone for good in
this Weaver-infested realm where iron is above,
below and all around.

I met a sidhe lorekeeper who related a
stranger version of the tale. She said that the
fates of the children of Danu and Domnu were
entwined, and so long as one dwelt in this land,
the other was bound there as well. By quitting
our realm for good, then, the de Danaans were
ensuring the Fomorians would never return. I
don't know if I believe it or not, but it makes for
an interesting story.

Our kind had been battling the Wyrm's minions in
Europe since there were first Garou, but the evil corrup-
tion was well-entrenched when we arrived in Britain.
The Wyrm had its hold in the dark places, in the secret
places, and now and then it would rear its evil head.
Sometimes, the Wyrm manifested as great dark beasts
which the native peoples worshipped and appeased
with human sacrifices (Cromh Cruach being one of the
best known, but far from the only one, Gaia help us).
Others were more insidious by far, for even in those days
the Wyrm was learning its perverse subtlety. The Defiler
Wyrm touched high alike, tempted them
with dreams of powér, , revenge, lust... and

edtheirsoulsar eit bodies. Oftentimes
apted bodies
of the Fomorians, and
we named the Wyrm's
st monstrous race.
it soon enough, cub, the
the soul; when it grows
I. And the Wyrm was not
: could always be seen, in
even a blemish. It was we
g our Kin what to look for.
efully inspect their leaders
t is why we do likewise, and
ps metis from being trusted
itle of leadership in the Fianna.
da defect in the body marks
ember that.
ere numerous and
had fallen. Even
hI wouldn't men-
Vtefuse to believe or
blood would strike against us. But
winning through treachery and betrayal delights the
Wyrm best of all. For promise of gold, of love, even of a
prize bull aman (or woman!) would spill a secret, unbar
a door, even wield a blade. Villages, fortresses, whole
clans fell, and clansmen lay dead and broken on a
hundred battlefields. Kinfolk betrayed their septs for
power or vengeance, to have their own hopes betrayed
by their dark master assuming our claws didn't finish
them first.

But weakened though we were from battling the
Fir Domnu, we still did what Gaia made us to do:
eradicate the taint of the corrupted Wyrm. Gradually
we drove back our defiled foes, burning their bodies
to purify the taint. From bog to wood to mountain,
from Eire to Cymru to Alba we drove the Bane-ridden
into the fire, as we had driven the Fomorians to the
sea. We truly conquered the western isles (would that
our wild northern cousins were so thorough, but

admit that our o

Fianna

A

a


» that's for a later telling). For decades we fought a
never-ending war against the Wyrm that looked
every bit as unwinnable as our struggle today. And we
won. You'll do well to remind your pack of that when
hope fails them.

Jetting Ip

You might think that's the end of the story, but
then you probably grew up being spoon-fed tales in
Hollywood packaging. Life isn't that neat. Our chief
enemies were gone, although the Wyrm will always
find a way inside the strongest walls. But there were
other concerns. We helped our Kinfolk rebuild and
renew, and mated with new arrivals from the main-
land. And then there were the fae; when the Tuatha de
Danaan sailed into the West, they left their children,
who, though not as powerful, could be every bit as
arrogant and quick to take offence. I won't deny that
we skirmished with the White Howlers to the north on
occasion. Didn't happen often, though; they were
scrappers sure enough. The Howlers were a tribe of
extremes: more savage then the Get and Furies put
together, but with a deep understanding of the spirit
world, and for that we respected them.

And now and then we even fought with each
other. Not over territory, at least at first; there was land
for the taking, land touched by no Man. But there were
ideas and the need to dominate more than youcan see.
Sometimes | wish the wolf blood flowed more strongly
in us; there'd bea lot less needless fighting. I'll give you
an example: around 200 BC or thereabouts Eire expe-
rienced a new influx of tribes in the sparsely-populated
northern reaches of the island; with them came their
attendant Changing Kin, a branch of the Hounds of
the Horned One. With them they brought many
things, including wondrous art, Celtic metal-craft...
and a multitude of iron weapons. There isa tale among
our tribe that the fae gave humans knowledge of silver,
the greatest means to wound us. Some storytellers add
that werewolves wrested the secret of iron forging from
spirits and passed them on to our Kin to exact a
measure of retribution. Whether any of that is true, the
two metals of doom and the willingness to use them
caused a rift between the Changers and the Fae. Up to
that time, iron was scarce on the island, and so was
never an issue with the Fair Folk. The high king of
Silver Tara, Amadir, forbade the use of the sidhe-bane
among Garou, to which Cassivax, the leader of the
newcomers, replied that he would wear an iron blade
when he himself sat on the throne of the Fianna. The
challenge thus made, a gathering of the two hosts met
to decide the fate of the kingship. King and contender
fought with words, blades and finally claws. In the end,
the old ard righ fell and Cassivax took the high seat at

Sram samce es earweseren reeves: me

The Hlovwan Fharpa

Our Kinfolk have always been dear to us;
always will be. They've fought and died at our
sides, tended our wounds after battle, shared their
finest feasts and songs, and of course warmed our
beds on cold winter nights. In the old days, Kinfolk
formed war bands to help defend our caerns and to
root out the Wyrm's evil. With honor they took
ourname as theirs; our Kin Fianna often took great
risks for us, and more than a few gave their all in
the defense of Gaia and their Garou brothers.

I'll hear no argument but that the greatest of
these was Fionn mac Cumhail. The son of Cumhail
was a warrior without peer, and fair dealing with
enemy and friend. He protected human, wolf and
Garou with cunning, skill, and his spear, guarding
Silver Tara from foes both human and supernatu-
ral. When his band was brought low through
treachery, we made sure the bastards suffered for it.
His funeral lasted for days, and he was laid to rest
in a green valley within sight of Silver Tara— no
Kinfolk can hope fora greater honor. Even now his
spirit guides our Theurges.

The bards have kept alive the names of the
human Fianna... and they wove some of our own
exploits into the legends as well. But the legacy of
Fionn is not dead. Even now, bands of Kinfolk
pledge their strength to the cause. Working in
bands of three or nine (when the numbers can be
spared), they form a worldwide network of soldiers
and spies dedicated to aiding their Changing broth-
ers at a moment's need.

Tara. If the Fair Folk were often difficult before, they
were considerably more hostile now. Some three score
of years would pass before Ard Righ Collam again
forbade the use of cold iron and renewed the vows of
friendship between Fianna and fae.

So a few centuries passed, and we grew strong in
the British Isles. But don't make the mistake like so
many other youngsters in thinking our tribe wasn't
doing anything south of the Cliffs of Dover.

Jtiife on the Borders

Nearly half a millennium before the birth of the
Christ, our tribe was arguably the most powerful in
Europe; certainly we had septs from one end of the
continent to the other. And our Moon Dancers were
welcomed by most tribes even then. But as we grew
more populous, we began to look for new lands to
guard. And if they already had Garou to protect them,
well, we may or may not have moved on.

The Song of Stag's Children 19

ee eee eee


We followed our Kin across the Danube into
Macedonia, looking to claim caernsas our Kin claimed
land and wealth. Unfortunately, greed overtook both
werewolf and Kinfolk, and eventually a great army
invaded the Greek lands, eager for the riches of Greek
temples. Our skirmishes with Black Furies left us
overconfident, and we set our sights on the great caern
at Delphi. That was a grave and fatal error. The Furies
used Gifts to turn us against each other and against our
Kin, and spirit allies plagued the invaders with light-
ning and earthquake until they retreated, leaving tens
of thousands slain on the field. For the surviving
members of our tribe, the Furies set them with a geas to
never again set foot south of the Danube. Imagine the
pain they felt, watching their families continue west-
ward, to be parted forever?

The Black Furies weren't the only ones who had, ah,
territorial disputes with Stag's Children. The Fenrir were
a pain in the Northern Europe. We pushed north across
the Rhine, and they pushed back. After a few rounds of
this, we settled down to our caerns and watched our rivals
carefully. While our Kinfolk traded land for blood, we
were both content to harbor a mutual dislike, trading
raids into each other's territory. Nothing bigger than
skirmishes for decades... until the Romans changed the
balance of power in Europe.

2

rn

The Re of Pittory
The Jeourge that War Rome

Rome. It wasjustacity, buteven in its youth ashadow
lay across it. Their treachery began with the very first
meeting with our Celtic Kinfolk; Roman envoys sent to
observe the fighting between Celt and Etruscan broke
their neutrality by attacking and killing one of the Celtic
chieftains. The Celts sent an embassy demanding justice
against the envoy's family; instead, the envoy was pro-
moted. The mortally insulted Celts charged down the
Italian peninsula, smashing every military obstacle, then
burned and pillaged the city of Rome and laid siege to its
fortified capitol for several months. Finally, the Romans
paid an enormous ransom of gold to buy off the attackers.

Garou prophets saw evil in the state of Rome, caught
the merest glimpse of the devastation that city would
wreak on Stag's Children. Inspired by the victory in the
Fomori Wars a thousand years before, several tribal clans
led their Gaulish Kin to root out the evil before it could
flower. While the vengeful Gauls sacked and besieged,
packs of Hounds, Skysingers and others scoured the city
for Wyrm-taint. A few temples were cleansed, tainted
humans were torn apart, and fierce Leeches felt the sun's
kiss, though at the cost of much werewolf blood.

Fianna

ene <<.


Tragically, our greatest opposition came not from
Banes or Leeches, but from other Garou. The Warders
of Men blocked us with words and weapons. They
claimed the citizens of Rome and refused to let more
perish at our hands. When we told them of the rot that
festered within their city, the Warders insisted that it
was for them to deal with, not outsiders. But while they
bargained and negotiated with us, they were also acting
against us. Suddenly, Rome gathered a great ransom to
pay off the Gauls. Without the constant presence of
their allies within the city walls, the Hounds couldn't
remain undetected. We failed to crush the Roman
scourge. We have cause to rue that failure.

The memory of their defeat spurred Rome to claw
its way to power, transforming asmall city-state toa vital
republic and then to a bloated empire fed on conquest.
The Romans were the soldiers of the Weaver; their
military tactics were soullessly efficient and carried out

A Cutthonary Tale

Ttold them to stay where they were; they couldn' thelp
Numantia, couldn't even save the Kinfolk who sought
refuge before the legions came. Just beyond the siege fires,
the blood drinkers watched, cloaked in shadows —
together with their puppet centurions commanding an
army 60,000 strong. Our gathered foes were far beyond
our sept's abilities. Could they not see? The caern was far
more important than all our Kinfolk, and arash action in
the heat of the moment would bring its doom.

Not that we were inactive; we didall I knew we could
do. Our packs raided supply trains; we sent spirits of pain
and hunger to afflict the foreign soldiers. And we watched
from our mountain fastess as starvation hollowed faces
and withered frames of lovers, friends, brothers. Some
dared to call me a coward, or worse. They challenged my
right to be Righ. I withstood challenges nearly every day for
weeks, months. But I held them back.

Then starving Numantia broke. The screams of
the women, the blood that reddened the Duero, the
fires the looters set were more than my septmates could
bear. With howls of rage, they forsook their duty to
Gaia to assuage the pain in their hearts. As did I, for
what is a Righ without his sept? So we all bore down
upon our blood-foes, and fell upon spears of bright
steel, and were swallowed up by shadows. Numantia
was razed, and her survivors were hauled off to live
their lives in slavery... and our caern stood silent,
unguarded, slowly dying of neglect.

Let it be alesson to you, proud Fianna: master the
passion in your heart, and it may save you; let your
passion master you, and it will be your doom.

— Spirit of Egnato Master-of-the-Gale

RSS ARG HD AAP LO es OTE Nears meme

with strict discipline. They followed up their conquests
with laws and bureaucracy, tempting the conquered
with Roman citizenship in return for service (usually
assisting in the conquest of new lands). Roads allowed
messages, troops and goods to travel faster and farther
than ever before, and such innovations as aqueducts
encouraged the growth of new cities. But the Wyrm was
very close at hand; unchecked ambition, greed and
brutality drew the Wyrm in all its manifestations. Popu-

Varetngeforte

Though many Celtic leaders resisted the Roman
advance, one of the greatest threats Caesar faced was
Vercingetorix of the Averni, a brilliant leader who
united the resisting tribes of northern Gaul. A prac-
tical strategist, he avoided hopeless pitched battles in
favor of ambushes and sabotage. Coldly calculating
and ruthless, he advocated razing any non-defensible
village, including those of allies. The Gauls worried
at the Romans until Caesar's army, in an effort to
corner Vercingetorix, was itself surrounded and sav-
aged. For the first time, Caesar left the field of battle
to the enemy, and he left seven hundred Roman
soldiers on that field. Evidence suggests the disheart-
ened leader was ready to quit Gaul for good.

But the Celts' characteristic lack of discipline
pulled defeat from the jaws of victory. Flushed with
success, the warriors made to crush the Romans
once and for all against Vercingetorix's orders.
Unable to smash through the legionnaires' shield
wall, they lost heart and melted away, leaving their
dead in heaps on the field.

Vercingetorix drew the remains of his army
behind the wall of the city of Alesia. Unwilling to
tisk a final battle, Caesar instead began an epic
siege. He built two elaborate fortifications, each
between 10 and 13 miles long, to encircle the city;
the first was a series of walls and pits facing inwards
tohem in the city's defenders, the second a similar
system facing outwards to defend against
Vercingetorix's allies. Time dragged on; as the
besieged grew desperate with hunger, they sent the
women and children of Alesia out of the city to be
taken by the Romans. The Romans would not
allow them through the walls, and so they lan-
guished and died between the two armies.

Soon after, a relief force ferociously attacked
the Romans, and was barely but bloodily repulsed.
Hopeless, defeated, Vercingetorix surrendered to
Caesar, who showed off his prisoner for six years
before ending the Averni prince's humiliation by
ritual strangulation.

EE

The Song of Stag's Children

21
acemminiaien

|

lations were brutalized to "encourage" cooperation and
subservience, holy sites were defiled to crush the spiritu-
ality that Rome couldn't control and use to its own ends.

We fought the corruption even as our Kin fought
the legions. But for the most part we were alone in our
struggle. Unlike in the Fomori Wars when the White
Howlers sometimes assisted us, we never could coordi-
nate with the southern Fenrir. (And why should we
have? Prior to the Roman assault we were tearing into
each other on a regular basis.)

Our Kin from Galatia to Iberia were brought under
Roman rule. To make matters worse, the Warders of Men
settled in our old territories, encouraging great cities
populated with our old Kinfolk, now kept as Warder
breeding stock. I guess the Silver Fangs felt Rome was now
important enough for theirattention, because they moved
in and set up shop. But even this tribe of kings couldn't
break the Wyrm's power. With two tribes of Garou at the
heart of the Empire, you'd think they'd have some effect.
Sometimes | wonder how much they really tried. But
that's just sour grapes, I suppose.

[hate to say it, but there was little we could do. Only
the savage fury of the White Howlers could halt the
advance in the north — they had no scruples about
joining their Kinfolk in descending on the Roman
vanguard. And while you'll hear most Moon Dancers
say the Irish Fianna were strong enough for them to look
elsewhere, I suspect the island didn't look that appealing
to Rome, and not worth the effort.

Still, Stag's Children didn't just show their throats.
We continued to fight! Romans feared the hinterlands
beyond their forts and their towns. Patrols went missing,
supplies were spoiled, messages to advance were garbled
into calls for retreat. But open warfare was beyond us.

Oh, you think you know something we don't, lad? A
pack is worth a hundred men, you say? I'll grant that a
Crinos is the match of halfa dozen at least, especially with
the Deliriumat least partially making up fora legionnaire's
armor. But like I said when your mind was wandering, the
Romans were the best equipped, most disciplined fight-
ingmen of the age, andall your young Rage couldn't stand
up to an army like that. But that's not the worst of their
power. The generals didn't have to hurt you by putting
steel in your belly; they could do it by crushing your
human family, leaving desolation and rotting corpses in
their wake. Under Julius Caesar's command, hundreds of
villages and towns were razed, and millions were killed or
enslaved. Millions! What was the lesson here, cub? What
are you without your family? Our first duty is to Gaia and
Her caerns, but without our Kin we are doomed to fail.

The Trhle Unhlar

Romans from the south, Germanic tribes from the
north and east... we were vulnerable to more than human

22
i __

2 aescremme rere ore SSR AL OL RE PRATER renavie

pn 7 ee

Fianna

depredations on our Kinfolk. Fenrir were making more
determined raids to test our Danube septs; Shadow Lords
hungrily circled Night Claws strongholds in the Balkans,
absorbing caerns and sometimes sept members; and the
Silver Fangs and their lackeys "liberated" beleaguered
caerns in Gaul. Europe was awash in enemies, swirling
around our Stag's caerns like a torrent. With alarming
frequency, septs would disappear beneath the flood.
The Hounds of the Horned One, the Gaulish branch
of Stag's Children, fought as best they could. Trouble was,
the worst enemies were either well hidden or well pro-
tected. When scouts discovered Roman soldiers sacrificing
Gaulish slaves at a temple to a demon (who turned out to
be a vampire using the cult for free food), the Hounds
gathered a great pack to deal with the evil. Led by the son
of the King of the Hounds, they didso, killingevery Roman
at the temple and scattering the foul monster's ashes on the
morning breeze. But all was notas they had left it. The Sept
of the Nine Hills, the Hound king's seat of power, was
attacked, but by what no one knows. Almost certainly it
was some great Wyrm beast; the king and his retainers were
ripped apart down to the last pup, the caern totem wasslain
and the caern was tainted beyond cleansing. The return-

The Viiberobzation of the Tolle

You'll be asking, how did a tribe so diverse
wind up with the name of its Irish branch? Because
that's the branch that never had to share its lands.
That's not to say that there aren't Fianna in
Germany or France or Spain, but by no stretch of
the imagination do we hold those lands as once we
did. The greatest of our ancestral lands we still
hold undisputed is Ireland. Small it may be, but
that made it all the easier for us to hold it.

With the pressures of Rome's Wyrmish pawns,
plus territorial encroachment by other tribes, we
gradually gave ground. Septs fell or were scattered;
the proud clans of our tribe gradually lost influence
and — for most — even their identity. Soon the
strongest voices for the tribe came from the British
Isles, and the loudest of them were the Fianna of
Ireland. In later centuries, the British werewolves
once again moved into continental Europe and
eventually to anywhere the British Empire touched.
And when conquest, draconian laws and famine
sent waves of Irishmen (among others) to Ameri-
can, Europe, Australiaand colonies across the globe,
the Fianna followed, bringing our ways and our
name. Sure, the majority of Stag's tribe can claim
descent from one or another of the ancient subtribes,
and some that fairly bristle at being "lumped in"
with the Fianna. But by and large, when a Garou
hails a child of Stag, he calls him "Fianna."

hii


"ing warriors were still in bewildered grief when word
teached them of two other caerns likewise defiled.
Cinvortrix, the heir to the dead king, gathered his follow-
ers about him and headed west. Eventually they reached
Silver Tara, where at first the Fianna welcomed them
with great hospitality. But Cinvortrix soon demanded to
be treated as a high king, for his people, though shattered
and wom, still held more lands than the Fierce Ones of
the Isles. So it came down to a challenge between
Cinvortrix and Ard Righ Elim, "of the Red Claws." It's
said the fight lasted for hours with not so much as a pause
between the circling, snapping opponents. In the end,
Elim was the last one standing and, matted with blood
which flowed from countless wounds, he made Cinvortrix's
followers proclaim him high king over all of Stag's Chil-
dren. He took Cinvortrix's sister and had had several
children by her to cement his new claim, although that
shrew turned out to be more trouble than she was worth
by any stretch... but that's for another night.

And that's the tale of how all the Fianna were
united under one High King. Of course, don't go
assuming that the remaining branches of Stag's Tribe
paid much notice at the time, or that even the conti-
nental septs of the Hounds did homage. But in the
years to come, aid from the British Isles bolstered the
flagging continentals, giving them a higheropinion of
their brothers from the isles.

Fill of a Tele

Though tribes were dered
Roman world, though stone-paved roads spread across
Britain like cracks on pavement, we were undefeated.
Save for the northern half of the\island, Britain was all
ours. It was a long, hard fight, for the Wyrm was quick to
exploit where the legions trampled, buteertainly we held
our own. But the constant struggle distracted us from our
northern neighbors. Hell, as bloodthirsty as they were,
Lion's Children jhad no interest in leaving t their gloomy
moors and windswept highlands, so on¢e we were settled
in we never had to worry about them coveting our caerns.
lean foes, we
heard nothing of the battles the Howlers were fighting...
and losing. The raven folkWarnediis thatsomething was
up, but we didn' believe them until they were knocking
on Tara's door! Dami, it's a depressing chapter in the
history of the Garou; weallowed this to happen, and we're
paying for ir still. We curse the rise of the Black Spiral
Dancers. We hate them above all others for what they are:
an affront to Gaia and a mockery of the Garou Nation.
But we mourn them for what they were: our brothers.
Grumpy, sullemsbrothers, true, but they howled at our
moots, drank inour halls, and stood by our side with claws
and blades bathediin red blood and black ichor. Many of
our tribe call the SpifalseWyrm Howlers" to remind

ourselves of who they were — fierce brothers — and who
they are — our chief foes. When given a choice of targets,
Fianna will always choose to strike the Fallen Garou.

ohkoly Abbance

Despite what many think, only a small portion of a
people are Kinfolk. That goes for the Fenrir and their
Saxons, and the Spirals and their Picts. You'll hear some
camps in our tribe that say we used to rule the Celts, giving
them everything they have and making them do what we
bid. When they unload that bullcrap, you can tell them
about the time we had to hustle to catch up to the humans.

It was in the time that the empire was beginning to
ebb just a mite. An empire built on conquest must
continue to grow or it begins to consume itself from
within, and they'drun out of rich, fertile lands to conquer.
The Empire in Britannia was getting picked at from three
sides; trouble kept them on their toes north of Hadrian's
wall; raiders from Eire were raiding up and down the west
coast; and Saxons in the east were restless. Then, the
unprecedented happened. A secret war council gathered
under three banners, so secret that none save perhaps the
ravenfolk noticed (and they didn't tell us until battle
commenced). Three enemies decided they had a greater
foe, and united in the goal to drive the Roman scourge
from Britain once and for all. From the north, the Picts
smashed through Hadrian's Wall and charged southward.
The Irish joined their British brethren and marched
eastward. The Saxons attacked from the eastern shores.

igh landers, by Cabal

The Fianna who campaigned their way through
Scotland were a bold lot. For centuries, they pressed
on, slowly regaining lost caerns and killing the
Fallen tribe and the more tainted of their Kin. No
one can deny the conquering packs deserved to
hold the lands they took, not even the Silver Fangs
(with one or two exceptions, as usual). They came
to a harsher climate than in the southern Fianna
territories, lightly settled by stoic descendants of
Irish settlers (Kin among them) and isolated from
the comings and goings of the rest of Europe (other
Garou among them). These hardy Fianna turned
inward, relying on themselves, handling their own
problems and paying little attention to the man-
dates of Tara. In many ways the Highlander Fianna
have a brotherhood reminiscent of the ancient
subtribes of Stag's Children. Even in modern times,
some among the Highlanders have that air of supe-
riority commonly perceived among the Get of
Fenris. But when they leave their windswept caerns
and come down from the highlands, there are none
who better earn the moniker "Fierce Ones."

The Song of Stag's Children 23

en a ee: a ae

————————

2 eerernen rare en PEED CAL AP Aare

We even had Kinfolk among the armies, which should
teach you to never assume you know what the Kin are up
to. Word reached Tara as the war parties massed and
struck. Taking this as a great opportunity, we sent packs
in behind to do some hunting of our own. As they had in
Rome centuries before, the Fianna scoured London and
the surrounding countryside for any Wyrm-taint, be it in
hidden temples, Leech-filled cellars, or Bane-ridden Ro-
mans. And by and large they were more successful this
time. Each of the packs went home to their caerns in
triumph, leaving their Kinfolk to gather the spoils. Unfor-
tunately, Rome was quite stubborn, and within the year
reinforcements arrived to end the "uprising" and return
Imperial rule to Britannia. With them came the House
Conquering Claw of the Silver Fangs, eager to quell
dissention and bring stability to our "backwater prov-
ince." They did so by laying claim to leadership of several
our southeastern caerns as well as a few of the choicest
Kinfolk families. After that, the Fangs kept a closer eye on
our activities in Britain; whenever we got in a fight with
the Romans or each other, it felt like Dad yelling, "Settle
down, don't make me come up there!"

The alliance never reformed, and most historians
say it was a coincidence that the three attacked more
or less simultaneously — "a good year to kick Rome's
arse," as my mentor would say. But we know better, we
remember. It's good to be Fianna.

Onplret Cofapes avd fhe Dark Agar

Time passed, and the Wyrm's corruption gnawed at
the empire. Like a termite-ridden house, the empire
crumbled from within. And as the Roman tide ebbed, we
were confident the Wyrm would soon have nowhere to
hide. We smashed blasphemous temples and burned
corrupted villas; from Eire we mounted campaigns to take
back the tainted caerns of the Black Spirals. The Britons
who had embraced all things Roman we hoped to bring
back to the old ways. We aimed to clean up Britain the
way we had Eire, and given time we could have.

We hadn't counted on the new distraction from
the east. See, some of the British lords invited Saxons
over to guard the coast from raiders. They told their
relatives what a wonderful place it was, and the rush
was on. Now that the eagle of Rome was no longer
breathing down their necks, the Fenrir decided that we
weren't doing our job. So they joined their Kin, attack-
ing caern after caern, pushing us westward. We didn't
lose all our caerns in the heartland — we even won a
few back — but the battles kept us busy.

The local Fangs tried their best to stop the fighting.
Trouble was, there were never that many of them to
begin (with Britannia being seen as a backwater), and
several of them died heroically (of course) in the final

battles to crush the Black Spirals and their Wyrmish
allies. Eventually, the disputes over territory subsided. ..
for the most part, anyway. Like it ornot, much of Britain
became England — the land of the Angles, Saxons and
Jutes. After a few hundred years of fighting the Wyrm
side by side, a certain grudging respect arose between
septs of the two tribes. A handful of caerns even sup-
ported mixed septs. Then the second wave of Fenrir
swept in from Scandinavia, starting a new round of
intertribal conflict. They "claimed" a few more caerns
along the coast of Scotland, helped themselves to more
of England and were generally a nuisance in Brittany
and our few Gaulish holdings. The Isle of Man was a
downright battleground for a number of years before
they settled an uneasy truce with us. They even had the
gall to land in Ireland. Not one caern did the bastards
take, though; we sent the survivors limping home, and
kept their Kinfolk as (unknowing) hostages to ensure
they never again touched our greenest of shores.

The "Dark Agar' and Cholahianhty

The so-called Dark Ages — an absurd term coined
by fools who idolized Rome's power. The fall of Rome
was a blessing to us, for the Wyrm's minions no longer
had far-ranging support. When we tried to kill a
corrupt Roman commander, the province was de-
clared in revolt and legions descended, leaving slaugh-
ter, slavery and famine in their wake. To kill an
isolated warlord had far fewer repercussions.

Even as it retreated, Rome struck again, but in-
stead of an eagle their standard was the cross. It started
out quietly, with no hint of the power it would wield
during the Burning Times. Missionaries began to spread
even as the Empire cracked and crumbled.

Still, the early Christians in the Isles were a diverse
lot; some worked local beliefs in to fit Christianity,
while others worked Christianity in to fit local beliefs.
St. Patrick fought the old order, though not as much as
the stories relate. Eventually, the Roman church took
notice and asserted its own view of things. As the years
passed the native Christianity faded before the harsher,
more rigid Church of Rome.

But we owe the monks of the Celtic lands a debt,
for keeping something of the Celtic culture alive for
the humans. They wrote down many of the old tales —
somewhat sanitized and Christianized, of course —
and for that we're thankful. If it hadn't been for the
monks in our far-flung corner of the world, a great deal
of ancient learning — including the precious few
extant stories of heroes like Fionn Mac Cumhail —
would not be known outside caern or rath. And if you
can gaze on the artistry of the Book of Kells and not be
moved, well, there's no art in your soul.

24 Fianna

a ————

——inaeé€


Some of the Get of Fenris' Kinfolk decided they liked
the French countryside, and settled down. The Silver
Fangs decided they were a worthy sort, and co-opted them
from the Get (See? The Fangs aren't all bad). Some years
down the road, those northmen became Normans, hun-
gry for land and power (which in those days amounted to
more or less the same thing). The Normans spent years
fighting amongst each other, until they decided they'd
practiced enough and were ready to take on the world.
And one of the early conquests was our Isles. The English
put upagood fight, but the rapacious Normans conquered
the lands from the Saxons who stole it a few centuries
prior. Unpleasant folks, the Normans, but they eventu-
ally learned which hamlets the taxman wasn't to visit,
which royal forests even royalty dared not enter.

The conquerors hardly stopped for breath after
crushing the English resistance before they began
coveting more territory. The lowland of Wales fell into
Norman hands early on, and within a century a new
generation of conquerors were sailing across the Irish
Sea to make their fortunes. They weren't really a
problem at first, for many of them went native, taking
the customs of the locals. But then King Henry laid
claim to the island, and things got tense. We knew that
among the Normans stood Silver Fangs, and they were
as covetous and proud as their Kin. Some Fianna spoke
of war to defend our Isle, which alone of all the Fianna
lands had suffered no banner of a Garou invader.

Silver Tara had an unexpected delegation of Sil-
ver Fangs. When they left, they vowed that no Silver
Fang would claim a caern in Ireland. In return, the ard
righ swore that the Fianna would stay out of human
politics, letting their Norman Kin do as they pleased.

Was that a mistake? It kept the Fangs from claiming
Eire as they'd claimed so much territory, and Lords of the
Garou or not, if they had set their sights on Ireland it
would have cost them dearly. But could we have stopped
them from assuming leadership over any caern they
wanted to, stopped them from claiming our Kin any-
where in Fianna territory? Understand, cub, they weren't
as decadent back then. Like any good alpha, they had
more than tradition on their side, they had genuine might
to back up their claim to kingship. A good many of our
folk have cursed the high king for knuckling under, but !'ll
not hear your voice among them. You'll learn respect for
your elders, even if you don't agree with them. Still, even
then itwasn'ta popular decision. Our brothers in Brittany
were less than pleased, for Fang "protection" had cost
them most of their caerns. Fang Kinfolk spread across our
lands, across England, the lowlands of Wales and Scot-
land, and even the heart of Ireland.

Semen sous emwaseren presen en ame
The Nid Ages

The Paving of the Sidbe

The Middle Ages brought many changes, but few
so affected us as the passing of our ancient allies, the
sidhe. Long had we watched as Faerie drifted further
from this world; the sidhe grew more distant, their halls
more difficult to find in the mists which separated the
Faerie realms from our own. The low fae (and never
call them that to their faces) — trolls, sprites and
goblins of all kinds — were still pretty common, but the
high fae crossed our paths more and more rarely with
each passing decade. Not that it was all bad, for they
always were an unpredictable and volatile lot.

I don't know why it happened. Perhaps it was the
Church's fault, or maybe the sudden and massive death
toll wrought by war, plague and famine in the mid-
1300s. Perhaps it was the result of a violent rift between
the Faerie Courts themselves. All of a sudden, the spirit
paths between the worlds started collapsing. Faerie
power drained from the world, just like someone pulled
the plug in a bathtub. Once-fearless fae lords scampered
to the crumbling portals, leaving behind most their
subjects to suffer in the new world like beached fish
gasping and flopping. But the oaths we swore with the
sidhe we applied to their subjects, many of whom found
refuge within our halls and our bawns, right up to Tara
itself. Some foolish fae continued to war with each other
even as they struggled for survival. We aren't the most
patient of creatures, we Garou, and finally we told them
to make nice or we'd withdraw our hospitality. That
shook them up enough to meet on the hill at Tara and
work out a truce. Who says we can't be diplomatic?

Niortrn That

In the last five centuries, the changes in our world
have picked up steam. The so-called "modern age"
started off poorly for us, and it's been a downhill slide
by and large... but the news hasn't been all bad.

Dtapers
Crommefe

Depending on whom you talk to, Oliver Cromwell is
a great hero or the greatest of villains. He did the Fianna
nothing but wrongs, and for that we curse his name. He
saw our stronghold nations as "confused" at best and
backward savages at worst, and set about to bring them
around to the proper ways.

The Litany commands that "the Veil shall not be
lifted," but it's damned easy to forget that when your
Kinfolk are dying. For the most part we worked in
secret, hiding our Kin when we could and fighting the
Banes and were drawn to battle and suffering.

Troops patrolling too near our caerns vanished, and
spirits of pain and disease did their part to thin the

The Song of Stag's Children 25

a NT


om oceans oe epic ere aren aoa aon anne

a

enemy's ranks. It wasn't enough to break Cromwell's
resolve, however. In fact, our efforts sometimes backfired;
at the siege of Drogheda, one pack disregarded the Veil
while defending some Kin, and the Delirium-maddened
soldiers massacred most of the town's civilians.

Once Ireland was brought to heel, Cromwell deemed
the entire nation as traitors. The native Irish were given
a choice: Hell, or Connaught. Those who chose the
latter were driven to the poor western province of the
island. Others were exiled or sent to the West Indies as
virtual slaves. The rest ended up in shallow graves or
raven-picked piles of bones. Over half of Ireland was
given to Cromwell's soldiers or aligned settlers, ensuring
centuries of increased turmoil on the island.

With Ireland taken care of, the English turned
their attention to breaking resistance in Scotland. It
was bloody, though not so bad as Ireland got it. At any
rate, it was about that time we got too occupied to
worry about Cromwell.

ee A A

Jicond Eats of Tara

While Cromwell campaigned in Ireland, oth-
ers followed him seeking to deal a telling blow
against the werewolves which "infested" the land.
A farmer known to truck with the beasts — which
is to say, Kin — was captured, tortured and his
family threatened. Broken at last, he agreed to
guide his captors to the gates of Tara.

Early one morning, a small army drew up before
the citadel. Were they Cromwell'ssoldiers, the Fianna
would have had no problem dealing with them. But
though their dress appeared that of English soldiery,
their armament certainly was not. In their hands were
flintlocks finer than the heavy matchlocks of the New
Model Army; their brace of cannon lobbed exploding
shells —an advance unknown at the time — over the
walls. Fiann who pressed through the withering hail of
shot faced swords that burned like silver. Several packs
spit themselves on enemy pikes or fell to the leaden
hail before several Fianna stepped from the Umbra
into the midst of the soldiers. Thus beset, the invaders
were vulnerable to the spears, arrows and stones that
thinned their ranks until finally the soldiers broke. A
countercharge from Tara turned retreat into rout, and
then into slaughter. Few of the foes escaped the field,
and the rest never asked for quarter —as if the Fianna
would have given it, with their blood up. To this day,
the Fiannaknow little of their attackers, save that they
were more than simple soldiers. Some of their trophied
swords and armor decorate the North Hall. The
traitor received a traitor's death at a Fiann's hand, and
his name was forgotten.

Jiher Treachery

The lord of the local Silver Fangs in the Scottish
Lowlands demanded our help in preparing for a Black
Spiral Dancer incursion which one of his Theurges had
foreseen. We'd seen no substantial presence of Spirals in
the Isles for centuries; besides that, we were busy keeping
the English soldiers out of our bawns and away from our
Kin. Sowe told them to show us the enemy and we'd fight,
but to leave us alone until then. They demanded the same
thing from a sept of Get, witha less civil response. But the
Fang King wasn't one to take no for an answer; he pulled
out one of our oldest fetishes, the Silver Crown. The
power of the Crown compels obedience, and the King
intended to be obeyed. The Fenrir leader, impossibly,
resisted the call of the Crown; drunk with power and
enraged at the defiance, the Fang drove his klaive through
the old warrior's stubborn heart. The Fianna righ was a
little wiser; he knew he couldn't fight the royal power of
the mighty artifact, and agreed to supply an outrageous
force of defenders to the king's levy. When beyond the
walls of the Fang's court, however, he shook off the
command and returned to prepare his own septs for battle
— against thestyrannical Silver Fang,kings»\When the
Fangs came looking for the promised army, they found i it
arrayed against them. What followed was brutal struggle
of vengeance and/righteous wrath, as Get and Fianna
battled Silver Fangs. The Fangs were strong, and they
were many; in the end, key septs of the Fianna and Fangs
were, devastated, and the/Fenrir were in no gréat shape
eithers] understand.one oftheswiser ofthe Fangs found a
way to deprive his king of the Crown, mémentarily
returning sanity to him. There was hardly time for the
tribes to go home to lick their wounds when the Spirals
arrived in droves from the continent. Neither Fianna nor
Fang could withstand the onslaught in their weakened
state; Spirals captured and defiled caerns of both tribes.
This was the invasion the seers foretold, and the arrogant
Silver Fang brought it to pass. To this day we face the
repercussions of the attack, for the Fallen tribe's presence
is yet to be cleansed from the Isles. It's with some hollow
satisfaction | relate that House Winter Snow of the Silver
Fangs is no more, disgraced and forever stricken from the
roles of heroes. The remnants of Winter Snow died
slowly, and as they dwindled we "stepped in" to keep the
caerns from harm. By the 18" century, we were again
dominant in England, with the Get of Fenris a close
second (mostly in the north and east); Silver Fang control
was confined to just a couple caerns, and they were lucky
to have those. It was after Winter Snow's treachery that
something amazing happened: we began to work more
closely with the English Fenrir, even to the point of
having one or two mixed septs. It was a necessity, weak-
ened as we were by our losses.

26 Fianna

ee


Owhtee, They Puff

The lands where we were strongest never cared to
have someone else's king over them (especially when
the English king was German, for Gaia's sake). So they
continually pestered their overlords, including inviting
England's enemies to land armies and attempt to over-
throw the government. England decided lasting peace
could be achieved by consolidating the islands under its
rule. Where once they tried to do so with swords, now
they used legalities, politics and economics, forcing the
Scottish Parliament to sign away the national indepen-
dence of Scotland in 1707. That didn't stop unrest,
however; twice the Scots rose against their southern
neighbor in an effort to install a new, hopefully pro-
Scotland king on the English throne. The second rebel-
lion in 1745 gave a taste of victory before the crushing
defeat at Culloden the following year. The victors were
quite harsh, destroying farms, killing, jailing or selling
Scotsmen into slavery. The Highlanders could no longer
carry swords or shields, use bagpipes or even wear their
clan tartans. Worst of all, they banned the Gaelic
tongue (although I imagine that would be hard to
enforce outside of a Redcoat's earshot).

Shortly after, Ireland (with French backing) rose
in 1798, only to be crushed brutally and forced into
another Act of Union. They weren't treated quite as
brutally as were the Scots — though harsh enough —
which | attribute to the Irish merely wanting indepen-
dence rather than a new king.

We lost anumber of Kinfolk in those struggles, and
the aftermath only made things more difficult for the
Fianna— imagine suddenly not being able to tote your
favorite fetishes in view without attracting unwel-
come military attention. Ah... well, I take your point;
I suppose we were somewhat spoiled at the time. Well,
worst of all, froma Moon Dancer's perspective anyway,
was the weakening of cultural ties as the British gov-
ernment tried to assimilate the more "troublesome"
members of its newly United Kingdom.

Revertal of Fortome

Our presence on the Continent seesawed for nearly
two millennia since the Roman conquests, but we
never even approached the territories of old. Get,
Lords, Warders, Children, even Gnawers — they all
had what we once held. And of course, sitting at the
top of the heap were the Silver Fangs. During the
Middle Ages we managed to increase our numbers,
though we regained very few caerns.

Then ourfortunes in our old Gallic territories changed
considerably. First came the Reign of Terror, which
shattered the French Silver Fangs. Almost overnight their
powerful Kinfolk and all the nobility that surrounded


Seren ere rae carne aren rar Prema remsmnareneh

them became hunted, reviled or just plain dead. In the
ensuing madness, the French Garou were faced with the
hopeless task of saving their beloved Kin and fighting the
Banes which swarmed to feed (and feed on) the paranoia,
fear and hate that fairly thrummed in city and countryside.
More than a few Fianna crossed the channel to "protect"
some of the same caerns the Fangs had "protected" centu-
ties before. Our tribe believes in paying our debts. Before
sufficient stability returned for the Fangs to "thank" us as
they intended, Napoleon wrested control of France and
incited what would become known as the Napoleonic
Wars. That little bout of chaos kept all the tribes busy,
guarding caerns from marauding armies and opportunistic
minions of the Wyrm. Since our Kinfolk tended to wind
upon the otherside of the field from "The Little Corporal's"
finest, we would come in behind the army to look for our
own adversaries. The Whispering Rovers even gave our
Kinfolk intelligence on the French while searching for
Wyrmish threats. Underdefended septs were often happy
for reinforcements to guard the caerns against military
incursion, even if they weren't always happy that a rival
tribe was providing the support. So at the end of all that,
we had gained a handful of caerns in Spain and France.
And soon our attention turned westward.

Induttrll Revofifion

Factories sprang up everywhere filled with machines,
which needed to be tended day and night. People fed the
machines with wood stripped from hillsides, and metal
and coal ripped from the ground. Oils, first from the
rendered fat of whales and birds, and later pumped from
deep underground, also kept the thirsty mechanisms
running. They birthed more machines, lights to disrupt
the cycle of night and day, telegraph lines and electric
cables to bind cities together, trains and other contriv-
ances to reach the inaccessible places of the world, and
weapons to conquer those they found there. And just as
the Wyrm is wrapped up in the Weaver's web, the
foulness of corruption thrived in the new industries.
Where once the Wyrm's draconic minions blasted the
landscape, now soot and chemicals killed the countryside
even more effectively. And to these poisonous places
flocked the sons and daughters of farmers and fishermen,
seeking the money they needed to live. They turned their
backs on the cycles of nature for lives of filth and disease.

The Wyrm knows how to twist every emotion, every
impulse to its own ends. But one of its favorites is greed.
Hate may dim, lust may wane, but greed is an appetite
never satisfied. Those who built factories grew rich, and
sank part of their wealth into expanding their industrial
empires. Many spent their excess wealth to live ever
grander lifestyles, traveling, building elaborate estates,
and doing their best to make the other newly-rich green
with envy. Several species of birds were driven to extinc-

28

ee

Fianna

tion in the name of faddish fashion; other animals, such as
the beaver, disappeared from vast portions of their range.

England and Wales were among the first to be
touched by the sulfurous clouds, but as time went on the
contagion spread across the world. Ireland, Scotland and
northern Wales, were spared the worst effects; factories
which sprang up too close to our lands usually met with
destruction. Soon the contagion spread to America, and
you've witnessed the results, haven't you, cub?

The Fatwoe

Disease and famine are nothing new; despite inten-
sive farming and moder transport systems starvation is
stilla threat in this world. The Fianna faced privation in
their time as well, even in the last few centuries. Scot-
land was hit hard at the end of the 17 century, and over
a million died, Kinfolk included. But not in over a
thousand years had we faced a pestilence like in Ireland.

Potatoes were astaple in Irelandalmost since they were
brought over from the Americas in the 1500's. High in
energy and easy to grow, the Irish lived on the tubers, even
as they grew wheat for their landlords and for the Queen.

But the dark powers saw in this a way to strike at the
Fianna, in the form of a potato blight. The fungus that
caused the blight suddenly began to spread across Ire-
land with unearthly speed, blackening crops overnight.
Without food, the people sickened and fell to hunger
and disease. Assistance from England was insufficient,
and eventually dried up altogether. Those who could
fled the land; those who couldn't went hungry. Worse
still, the blight struck harder the following year, and
harder still the year after that. The tendrils of the
pestilence touched as far as Scotland and Belgium.

The camps of the Fianna squabbled as the Irish
starved. All saw the Wyrm's foul touch in the blight,
but while the Fianna overseas blamed the famine on
lack of vigilance, tribemates with Irish roots blamed
the English for allowing Kinfolk to starve. The blight
was like nothing the Fianna had yet faced; Wyrm-
caused ills always had at their heart a Bane that could
be rent. Here, though, there was nothing, only an
Umbral miasma. Allied spirits fell into Slumber at the
merest touch of the fog — and no one is yet sure
whether the blight and its attendant suffering spawned
the dark mists or vice versa. No rite could rid the land
of the pestilence. Packs entered the Umbra questing
for answers, to return empty-handed if they returned at
all. Frustration grew with each moon. Harsh words
were followed by claw and fang, challenges and skir-
mishes erupted into tragic frenzies. Fighting broke out
among packs and septs throughout the British Isles. I
hear even the Get were gathering to "liberate" our
caerns from our mad paranoia. Only the elders and the
ard righ himself kept the tribe from open warfare.

|


See sanre er emrecseren reve Nen ee

A Dfferent View

I hunted for the Wyrm's hand behind the pesti-
lence which claimed my Kin. Banes there were aplenty,
but none capable of withering the sustenance of my
people. What a fool I was — we all were. The Wyrm
thrives on destruction and corruption; how could it
create? How could it create the fungus that blackened
fields? The Wyrm itself showed me the truth: only the
Wyld could be responsible for the explosion of life that
resulted in so much death! The Great Wyrm merely
noticed the misery and fed upon it, as is proper. Had
the Wyld not created the life that spread with the wind
and killed so thoroughly, my cousin and uncounted
thousands like her wouldn't have died with shriveled
stomachs. On the other hand, I wouldn't have come to
the truth, so it's arguably a fair trade.

The Fianna and all the other tribes are fools, for
they slavishly fight and die for the Wyld, who doesn't
spare a thought for its defenders. There is no room in this
dying world for fools, and I'm more than happy to cull
them out — starting with the greatest fools, my former
brethren the Fianna.

— Imbarsh Staghunter, Black Spiral Dancer
Galliard, ancestor spirit

Irishmen, including Kinfolk, left their home for
lands across the sea to escape starvation; they continued
the exodus well into the 20" century. Their destinations
spanned the globe, but most braved the seas on steamers
bound for Canada and the United States.

Many a Fiann followed their wayward Kin, of
course, bolstering our numbers already overseas. Some
believed the blight was a sign that we weren't meant to
concentrate our strength in a single place — isolation
had been the Wyrm Howlers' downfall — while others
joined the Diaspora because they couldn't part from
their dearest Kin. The rest closed ranks, patrolling
their domains where the wind whistled through empty
villages and across abandoned fields.

The Cabobag of the Watt

Fromall our territories, wanderlust drew the Fianna
westward almost from the time the new frontier opened.
North America was a paradise, with vast expanses of
wilderness, the likes of which Europe hadn't seen in
millennia. One small problem... it was already claimed.
Didn't stop us for long; the defenders' Kinfolk had been
decimated by disease, starvation or warfare, and few
Kinfolk means few werewolves in a very short time.
Some of us took empty, undefended caerns — that's
how our tribe gained this very caern. Others offered to
bolster the defenders of struggling septs; more often

paren secre. oR on, Seen nme nr irsaiereco

than not these offers were rebuffed, and rudely. Occa-
sionally, a feud resulted, and usually we won.

Like I said earlier, history is conquest. I can't apolo-
gize for my ancestors claiming new territories. I wouldn't
say that in front of anyone else, of course; there are many
in the Nation who howl to the moon about the rotten
deal the "Pure Ones" got. I notice no "Wyrmcomer"
septs giving up their caerns, though. For that matter,
you'll never hear the other European tribes bemoaning
our loss of Gaul or the Balkans, either.

I'm not saying fighting with other tribes is good,
mind you. Certainly not these days, when we need
every claw we can muster. But those were different
times. We'll work with the other tribes, even the ones
that stole our land — most of them, anyway — why
don't the Wendigo and Uktena do the same?

Besides, if they were really strong enough, they'd
still have their caerns, wouldn't they?

The Katlaypog

Now I come to the Second Great Sin Against
Gaia. The Firsei f our cousins, but

é newcomer
t when the
European

doing things the ne S
all, they couldn't see why h
t to share their cae 7 r
seas brothers... onkertt ally had something
ide. So the Fangs, the Get, and even the Fianna
ested, then demanded access to caerns deep within

into rage and‘hate,.spreading like a prairie fire. A great
posse, led by the aggrieved Talon ranged across the
Outback, slaughtering any Bunyip they came upon. The
natives fought like Garou, defending caern and Kin, but
in the end our hate burned up every last one. | wonder
sometimes what would happen if we fought the Spirals
with that much determination and unity. And yes, our
tribe is just as guilty as the others are, although I know our
tribemates tried to stop the slaughter before it began.
But the worst of it, the bitterest part, was that the
entire thing was a setup by the Black Spirals. The dead
Kinfolk was their doing, and they prevented the Bunyip
from meeting with the European tribes until the cries of
vengeance drowned out any voices of reason. We took
part in the slaughter of a Garou tribe, may Gaia forgive us.
Iknow there are some among other tribes—and even our
own — who haven't forgiven and probably never will.

The War to End a...

In 1913 someone found an excuse to grab some land.
Through pride, honor, or greed, a continent chose sides
for what was to be a war lasting several weeks or maybe
months. It became known as The Great War or, to the
hopelessly optimistic, "the War to End War." This was
the triumph of the Beast-of-War. No previous war had
ever incurred so much destruction, such faceless, imper-
sonal death. The land was churned beyond all recogni-
tion, vile new weapons burned bodies and corrupted
lungs. Menusing outdated tactics against advanced weap-
onry were butchered by the thousands, turning the battle
zones into a great abattoir for year after year.

The European Garou were by necessity involved
in the conflict, as troops marched across their bawns
and shells flattened field and wood. Fianna elsewhere
were generally less interested. Still, some crossed the
sea to bolster the caerns of their brethren or watch over
Kinfolk. Or to fight our bitterest enemies, for the Black
Spirals took advantage of the chaos to entrench them-
selves (so to speak) more firmly in Europe. They
reveled in the bloodshed, contributing whenever they
could. Packs ran amok through No Man's Land during
anight attack, slaughtering more effectively than the
machine guns. Or an officer in a dugout would be
dragged through the wall, down a tunnel to the Hive,
returning possessed by a Scrag or other Bane.

Thave had the fortune to meet a couple of Fiannaelders
who defended caerns near (and sometimes between) the
battle lines, and they told harrowing stories of near-suicidal
raids into Hives, bombardments rolling across bawns, and
nights diverting or killing patrols from both sides.

We are Garou. There is glory is battle, in charging
the foe with claw or blade. But with millions smashed
against the bulwarks of enemy trenches, choking in the
death-misted hollows or buried in mud, the only victors
were Death and the Wyrm. But Death wasn't satisfied
with that tally, for it began a new campaign. An influ-
enza epidemic swept the world, claiming more lives
than did the war itself. While the illness had little effect
on Garou, whole families of Kinfolk took sick. Where
their Changing Kin could reach them quickly, they
usually recovered, but even so we buried too many of our
brothers, cousins, and mates in the wake of that scourge.

Our battle against the Black Spirals was... incon-
clusive. I wouldn't say a stalemate, ‘cause frankly we just
don't know. We hit them hard, cleaned out some
tunnels, and lost a hell of a lot of fine warriors. But
scattering a Hive one day doesn't mean they don't dig in
somewhere else the next. Maybe we hurt them, but I
don't think we hurt them enough.

Even as the smoke lifted, trouble was already

brewing. In their anger, the vindictive allies punished

30 Fianna

i

ay


Germany severely, whose suffering bred first resent-
ment, then hatred, and setting the stage for the next
dark chapter of the world's history.

Ad the WarAffer T Tah

It seems so clear to us now, but at the time only the
brooding pessimists believed war would return in a
generation. And even they felt they had seen the worst
horrors war had to offer. They were wrong; the next
conflict had a new set to show us.

In the Industrial Revolution, the Weaver and the
Wyrm began to grow together in new and dangerous
ways; in the fascist dictatorships of Europe they found an
unholy synthesis. Efficiency and clockwork precision
were the order of the day, whether it was train schedules,
troop movements or the extermination of entire peoples.

I don't know whether Hitler attracted the tainted
or helped create them, but sure enough, among the
ranks of his twisted henchmen were a few carefully
planted agents of the Wyrm — not that they were
necessary. The Black Spirals also surfaced again, using
the might of the Axis powers to hunt down and destroy
Garou septs. Hitler, fond as he was of all things occult,
had a few fetishes in the Reich's collection — some of
which were never recovered. Unlike other conflicts,
we encouraged our Kinfolk in occupied lands to join
the resistance. No question about it, the world had
never before seen an evil of this magnitude, obvious
and determined, and once again Fianna from around
the world sent packs to Europe to fight the Fallen tribe.
We felt better about attacking some of the Nazis
themselves, for while not every scientist, minister or
SS soldier was tainted, Banes tended to congregate
around them as they went about their ghastly business.

Tribes worked together like never before, for our
caerns were threatened as never before. Black Spirals,
often backed up by unwitting German soldiers, engaged
us ina desperate struggle for our lives and our caerns. I can
say we won most of the battles for the caerns, but not all.
And we paida bitter price in Garouand Kin lives. Luckily,
our septs outside continental Europe were relatively safe,
allowing packs from North America and the British Isles
to serve as defenders for the embattled septs. And believe
me, after the first couple of years not even a Black Fury
sept would turn away a willing pack of fighters.

Most of our fighting was in Europe. We really
didn't get too involved in the other theaters of the war.
Our tribemates held no caerns outside of Australia and
New Zealand, and Australian Fianna were busy deal-
ing with the repercussions of the Bunyip massacre.
Africa was — and still is — forbidden territory.

With the fall of the Axis powers came the with-
drawal of the Black Spiral attacks. We gave better than

>. in ane ta

Seer sare Urs ER PE Ns ae

The Fate of Woftat te Europe

The Fianna take great pains to keep their Kinfolk
wolf packs secret, and with good reason; fear and hate
have followed the wolf in Europe for at least as long as
humans have kept livestock. As far back as the Dark
Ages, a French organization known as the Louveterie
dedicated itself to hunting wolves. Before the Norman
Conquest, fines and tributes were often paid in wolf
tongues and heads. In the 17" century Cromwell or-
dered that no wolfhounds were to be exported from
Ireland, forall were needed to combat the lupine scourge
(which, to be honest, was frequently Lupus or Hispo
Fiannaplaguing the unwelcomesettlers). In Mary Stuart's
time, all Scottish men were required to hunt wolves at
least three times a year. It is said that forests were burned
simply to deny cover to the predators.

The wolves were hammered hard; eventually,
only Kinfolk survived, and they only through the
diligent intervention of their werewolf cousins. The
Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd were among the cleverest,
hiding their Kin in the forests and rugged hills of Wales
so that the species was considered extirpated by the
eleventh century. In England the last non-Kin wolf fell
in the late fifteenth century; by that point there were
few enough Kin that they could be hidden even in
crowded England. In the remote, strife-torn Scottish
Highlands the wolf packs fared better as the clans were
more lax about persecution. The last confirmed wolf
died just around 1700, although attacks by lupus Fianna
were responsible for "wolf sightings" in later years.
Wolves were still considered a plague to the Irish
throughout the 1600's, with the last death (due in part
to the carelessness of a Cliath) in the later 1700's. With
the rapid depopulation of Ireland in the mid 1800's,
wolf packs gained more freedom of movement, and the
wolf population rebounded.

Wolves, both Kinfolk and otherwise, clung to
existence for quite some time. The last publicly-known
pack fell in France in the late 1920's, although wolf
(and werewolf) hunters (possibly even descendants of
the Louveterie) continued to track down reports of
wolves. Carelessness (in another tribe, luckily) re-
sulted in park wardens sighting a pair of wolves in
southern France in 1992. They wandered out of Italy,
reportedly, when a skirmish between Get and Black
Furies kept the Garou occupied. Since then, biologists
have identified four packs, packs that have been the
focus of intense anti-wolf sentiment, resulting in sev-
eral shootings or poisonings. A pack of Fianna are
preparing to move into the area to claim the packs as
their own; the wolves' former tribes may have some-
thing to say about that.

The Song of Stag's Children

31
aS


0 rm rere pe PEGS Ge PT So Ferree era

a OA",

we got, and without spies and storm troopers to use
against us they retreated back to their warrens. But we
still hadn't managed to wipe the bastards out.

The Wyrm had lost one human ally, but it gained
others. The fascist threat was replaced by the commu-
nist threat, and war went cold.

Our Irish caerns were untouched, as were most of
those in the English countryside, but what few urban
caerns we possessed in England were almost all dam-
aged or leveled outright in the bombing. And the years
following the war saw rapid growth and industrializa-
tion. More pollution than ever flowed into sky and
water; More forests were cleared to build more houses
and stores, and coal was ripped from the ground to
power the new subdivisions and strip malls.

And the legacy of the Second World Wa
tainted resonance commemeratingiplaces of
ror and misery. I tell yo
descriptions, and
in the Ei

Kin

itated to d¢ rN
ie's leave. Nea iywhere you
tral Kinstéek, there you'll find discon-
g from quie ling to open, burning
hatte Brittany, Spain, théfA merican South and
West — wherever our bl 8s, there you'll find
someone agitating for freed determination or
simply the right to be left ¢ alone.
But it's where our roots are strongest that brings the
most trouble. Scotland and Walesh dtheina
dence movements almost since tt de
theirsubmission, butit's Ireland you hear about in the news.
There's rarely true peace since before the Refor-
mation. But we managed to stay out of most of the
uprisings and skirmishes, doing our best to keep our
Kin safe and giving our all to protect our caerns. But
how do you protect Kinfolk when they're fighting each
other? When faced with violence and hate on a daily
basis, it's not hard to see why some Kin would ignore
our warnings and take up stones or guns. We've seen
Kinstrife in the American and English Civil Wars, in
uprisings and revolts across our territory, and even in
the late unpleasantness in Northern Ireland.

Sad to say, our warring Kinfolk even drew a handful
of Fianna packs into the struggle on one side or another.
When your Kin are killed, it's hard to let it slide. But the
price of vengeance was dear. For one thing, any killing
of untainted Kin earns a dire fate — ostracism at best, or
more likely targeted by a Hunt. More than that, the
revenge attacks only reap more vengeance, continuing

a cycle that weakens our tribe with every bloodletting.
Finally, each body draws attention, either from the
government, the human combatants (who are under-
standably curious who's doing their business besides
them) and those hunters who collect pelts and caerns.

Luckily, we managed to keep most of our Kinfolk
out of trouble; some were (and still are) among the
Most persuasive voices for peace. Our tribemates on
either side of the Irish border have expended much
effort to curb the sectarian warfare dividing our Kin
and distracting us from our battles against the Wyrm.
It turns out, though, that the fight against the Wyrm
also distracted us from another, equally powerful foe.

A Wiarotag

1 won't be the last to tell you, stay out of human
ven if you're passionate about the topic;

gate about it, be it environment,
Som. You've got more pas-
ad ings get heated,
e elders have
9 easy to take
quences.
fer all

youll Tose your h
always bee: pretty clearond :
I : shead off withg t thinking
afolk, contacts and allies
nteract with thé human world on ow

0Now Ava ;
vith the Wyrm and with the
tnotice the new invasion until
s too lated watched the Weaver spreading
et webs acro ew World at a steady pace, and

hof Euro; been densely webbed for years. Yet
‘ongho the rim of the Old World were

While we dé
ing Kin, it wi

‘ouched only lightly. That changed with the latter half
the 19 and the birth of the so-called Celtic
figer: The European Union poured money into devel-

opment projects across the British Isles. Computer
manufacturers spearheaded a second industrial revolu-
tion. Thousands are moving to lands whose chief
export used to be people. Towns unchanged for de-
cades swelled uncontrollably, and cities sprawled across
the verdant landscape. Dim tracks were paved, and the
hillsides from John O'Groats to Bantry Bay sprouted a
forest of transmission lines and cellular towers. The
Gauntlet has grown stronger as this "progress" spreads,
and more of our spirit allies fade away as the Weaver
grasps and binds one sacred site after another. This,
then, is the Third Great Sin of our tribe: in our defense
of Gaia, we focused on the Wyrm, paying too little
heed to the equal dangers the Weaver presents. It's
been over three millennia since the Fomori Wars
nearly killed us. Now there's fomori to the right of us
and pattern spiders to the left. And it only gets worse.

32 Fianna

_——«—

ceria


Tbe Battle of Tara

In 1976, at dawn after the Beltane revelry, an
army of Black Spiral Dancers converged from all sides
of the ancient palace with claws and weapons both
ancient and modern. Many Kinfolk and hung-over
Fianna staggered out of the halls only to fall in the
corrosive greenish-yellow cloud of poison gas launched
from mortars smuggled out of the Soviet Union.
Survivors mounting the parapets to repel the invad-
ers saw a force of Wyrm Howlers larger than Gaian
Garou had seen in some forty years.

One Black Spiral charged through a rain of
arrow and spear to the outer wall, over a hundred
kilos of plastic explosives strapped to his body.
Laughing insanely, he detonated his load, taking
two packs and a good section of the wall with him.
Soon the breach was focus of a bloody meatgrinder
as both sides threw their bodies into the fray. Other
Fianna packs and a few fae allies manned the walls
as the Wyrm Howlers scaled the ramparts with claw
and silver-loaded submachine guns. Meanwhile,
Fianna and spirits took to the Penumbra to battle
great Banes summoned from Malfeas for the assault.

Ensconced in his hall, the high king blew his
great antler-horn to summon the tribe from the
four corners of the earth. As the battle wore on,
the defenders along the walls were dazzled by the
silvery flashes of light from inbound moonbridges
— the tribe was gathering for battle. The Spirals
knew their surprise attack had failed, and lost
heart. In bitterness they withdrew, still spitting
venom and loosing poisoned arrows.

The battle was won in less than an hour, but
at a horrific cost. Some of the most renowned
Fianna of the time lay dead, claws still dug into
their vile foes. A great mound was thrown up for
the Fianna fallen, while the Black Spiral bodies
burned in cleansing pyres — except for their
heads, which were spiked along the parapets they
had endeavored to capture.

How the enemy surprised Tara has been the
subject of many fireside conversations. The ac-
cepted theory is that a fallen Fianna led the way
through the enchantments and traps, but the
identity of the traitor was never revealed. Some
close to the court whisper that the culprit was
none other than Ard Righ Brendan's only Garou
son, Gair, lost in an unsuccessful probe of a Wyrm
Howler hive in England. In Brendan's time that
kind of rumor could get a Fiann kicked out of the
tribe or worse, and Bron would likewise crush any
hint of scandal regarding his mentor.

EE


A young Galliard claims to have seen a new
spirit while traveling through the Penumbra near a
computer plant in County Cork. "I didn't see it at
first, y'know. I was looking for pattern spiders, and
just happened to see it crouched there. I swear on my
voice, it was a tiger, only made of knotwork like you
see in the old bibles and things. Big as a Crinos, sure,
and cobwebs rimmed each footprint. It rose to charge
me, but before I bolted I got a goodlésé look at the
thing. The strands of the knotwork were made from
the finest of spider webs. And 1 all but broke my nose
hittin' the Gauntlet on the way out, it was that thick.
I swear on Gaia!" Maybe she saw what she claims, or
maybe she's trying to impress the cubs», But I heard
another Fianna encounteted some huge! web-lined
tracks in Carmarthen, Wales, so maybe we shouldn't
be so quick to rule out her rather outlandish talé.

The Eatard /loméctii/ng,

There's no otherwayitosay it‘ourancient enemies,
the Black Spiral Dancers, are coming home — in forees

In the Scottish Highlands, tunnels we).thought
long abandoned swarmed with our hated foe. Signs of
strange Pictish rites are found with alarming frequency.
A series of highly polluting industrial accidéhts began
about the time of the first major skirmishes.

And in early November of 2000; a large assault
force of Spirals struck Silver Tara. No one knows for
sure how they pierced the veil that hides the great
palace from prying eyes, though | talked with one
Ahroun on the walls that reported' ayvulture-like
creature flying over the advancing enemy, The Ard
Righ was forced to blow his horn, summoning Fiafina
from around the globe. Soon the air fairly shimmered
with moon bridges, and after a bloody struggle the
monstrous foes were turned back. In the wake of the
retreating Spirals, the green ground in the valley
turned black and foul, and repeated rituals have not yet
revived the land. This telling strike at the very heart of
the tribe has everyone on edge; some of the more
paranoid of Tara's defenders swear they hear a faint

scratching and chipping in the ground beneath the
hall, as if someone was excavating tunnels. But it gets
even worse: Ard Righ Brendan O'Rourke and his pack
left on a secret Umbral run, and no one's seen them
since. Word has it they're fulfilling a mission from Stag
himself. Before he left, he handed his crown to his
successor, Bron\MacFionn. I've personally never met
the man, butel hear he's solidly in the Tuatha de
Fionn's camp, bringing more fae into Tara than its
halls have seen in hundreds of years.

Well, since the attaék on Tara, there have been
several hit-and-run attacks on the bawns of caerns
from Brittany to the heart of France. Many elders
suspect theseyare at best'feints, at worst training ma-
neuvers, for the reclaiming of Scotland. Already a
couple of caérns have fallen, and packs from around
the world are headed there to bolster the defenses. The
fact that they aren't turned away by the normally
independent Highlander Garou says something about
the situation's desperation.

So here's where we're at. The war has gotten hotter,
and there's no telling what's going to happen. But don't
‘wear such along face. Remember the Fomori Wars! We've
beeri in tight places before, but so long as we never forget
whio we are and/where we've come'from, we'll never be
defeated. So long as you feel the fire of life in your heart, the
darkness can nevénélaim you.

Fourth Battle of Tara

The latest strike against the Fianna's palace is
notable for a reason not mentioned by the narra-
tor. No enemy has yet found Tara on his own. In
each of the past battles, the fortress was betrayed
by friends (or former friends) of the Fianna: first
the Wyrm Howlers who prior to their fall were
occasional visitors; then a Kinfolk under duress;
and finally by a Fianna (whose identity remains
unknown). No such culprit has yet been found in
this latest attack, leading the elders of the tribe to
wonder if they have a new, hidden enemy... or far
worse, if the ancient enchantments on the great
caern are finally beginning to fade.

34 Fianna


Se sae Es APRA PERV SE Ne me

c. 3000 BCE
c. 2000 BCE

c. 1200 BCE

TV tntbe

Newgrange monument erected.

Greater stonework of Stonehenge com-
pleted; the site saw ceremonial use as far
back as the 9th millennium BCE.

The Fomori Wars in the British Isles.

c. 1200-475 BCE Bronze Age and Iron Age Celts of the

.550-50 BCE
390 BCE

297 BCE
133 BCE
58-50 BCE
57 BCE

52. BCE

3

c. 61
eEL7
122

€,.125

c. 200

407

c. 415
420

432

c. 500

c. 500
5%-6" cent.
5-6" cent.

590

664

"Hallstatt Culture" of Central Europe.
"La Tene Culture."

Cisalpine Celts defeat Rome. Warders
of Men prevent Stag's Children from
cleansing the city of Wyrm Taint.

Celts attack Delphin..
Romans capture ‘Numantia,
Caesar's Gallic Campaigns.
Battle between Cinvortrix
the high kingship of Tar '

White Howlers and Kin
Legion, _ sacrificing all survidorsin dark rites.
Romans build HadFian's Wall on their
northern British frontier in an unsuc-
cessful effort tohold back the Caledonians.
The White Howlers fall to the Wyrm.
First Battle of Tara.

Last Roman regular troops withdraw
from Britain.

Fenrir capture their first Fianna Caemnin Britain.
Ard Cruimh Beithioch driven to its resting
place by Fianna, Fenrir and Silver Fangs.
Bishop Patrick's mission to Ireland.
Battle of Mount Badon.

Settlers from Ireland found Dalriada.
Fianna capture two caerns just prior to the
initial landings.

In the face of Saxon pressure, many
Britons migrate to Armorica (Brittany).
Celtic monasticism spreads through-
out Europe.

Columbanus leaves for Gaul, eventu-
ally foundingas many as 100 monasteries
At the Synod of Whitby, the Celtic
church bows (in theory) before the
Roman church.

843

c.960

c.999

1014

1066
1169

153 ae

1536-43
1649

1650s

1707

1789
1793-1794
1790s

1799-1815
1801
1845-49
1914-18
1916
1930s

1939-1945
1976
2000

Scottish and Pictish kingdoms united
(inname at least). Kenneth MacAlpin
unites the Scots and Picts as one na-
tion under his rule.

First packs of Northern Fenrir land in
Ireland with an eye to taking a caern.
They are unsuccessful.

Larger force of Fenrir land in Ireland,
but are driven off after much bloodshed.
High King Brian Boru's army defeats com-
bined force of Irish and Vikings at Clontarf.
Normans begin conquest of England.
The Fianna and the Silver Fangs reach

@)maccord on Ireland.
~ Wales and Scotland fight wars of inde-

pendence against the English.
The two Llywelyns unite much of

_ Wales, often warring against England.

‘SGotlandwins its 30-year war for independence.
Owain Glyndwr rises against the En-
glish in Wales.

Brittany permanently united with
France by treaty,

"ActsofUnion" unite Englandand Wales.
Cromwell's conquést of Ireland. Sec-
ond Battle of Tara.

War between the tribes in England and
Scotland, and subsequent invasion by
Black Spiral Dancers.
ActofUnion unites England and Scotland.
Beginning of the French Revolution.
French Reign of Terror.

A series of French-supported Irish in-
dependence movements culminated in
a failed revolution in 1798.
Napoleonic Wars.

ActofUnion unites England and Ireland.
The Potato Famine in Ireland.

The Great War.

Easter Rebellion in Ireland.

Great Depression. European Garou ex-
terminate the Bunyip.

The Second World War.

Third Battle of Tara.

Fourth Battle of Tara. Bron MacFionn
becomes Ard Righ.

The Song of Stag's Children

i

35

eae \,

9


Dance as if no one were watching,

Sing as if no one were listening,
And live every day as if it were your last
— traditional Irish toast

A are Weftorne
on a Wet Niolf

The rain soaked through Nada' s coat as she made her way
down the shabby Glaswegian street. The Shadow Lord swore
quietly to herself. She'd heard that Scotland could be grim, but
it had rained solidly since she arrived a few hours before. The
bus in from the airport — moon bridge was out of the question,
given that this was meant to be a discreet meeting — had been
an unpleasant enough experience. Finding her way around
these streets in the rain was just making her angry. It had taken
all her self-control to stop herself shifting and gutting some
drunk who propositioned her in the street.

Why the hell had Son-of-Moonlight's Beta insisted on
meeting her in a scab? The cities were filthy at the best of
times, and this one seemed particularly bad. They buildings
were all made of a dismally gray granite and there wasn't a
trace of nature to be seen. The people seemed particularly
badly nourished as well.

Eventually she found what she assumed was the right
address. It was a shabby tenement in a row of identical
buildings. Come to think of it, the two streets she'd passed

through in the last five minutes had been pretty identical too.
She pressed the doorbell, and heard the depressed sigh of its
chime sound somewhere inside.

Almostimmediately, the door was thrown open. Nada
took an involuntary step backwards as a large figure loomed
in the doorway. Her eyes took in the portly, bordering on
fat, frame, the long red hair and beard and the glass of
whisky in his hand. This had to be Robert McNabb.

"McNabb?" she asked.

The Garou nodded and swept her into the hall.

Come in, come in. Yer Konietzko's lass, aren't you?
Good ta meet ya. The name's Robert, but a bonny lass
like yerself can call me Rab. Welcome to Glasgow. Wait
asec, I'll just grab me coat and will head down the pub.
Don't worry, it's run by Kin. We have to have some-
where friendly to go when we're forced down into ascab.
Amazing how a pint of heavy and good company can
make even a hole like Glasgow tolerable fer a time.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 37

ee a a EN

FJ TAS LEE EE APOE, TICE TE! SEE TCT ENE OT LSE INT ATE MEET,

Why aren't we at one of the caerns? Walk and talk, pretty Shadow Lady and

I'll give you the chat. Things are hectic. We've got pack after pack coming
in by moon bridge. The caern's a wee bit busy right now, and it is easier
for me and a few friends to meet up with you unannounced this way.

No one's gonna notice that we're not up there at the moment.

Aw, c'mon. Don't play dumb with me, hen. You know per-
fectly well what's going on. The Wyrm Howlers — sorry, that's
the local name for the Black Spirals — have been putting
themselves about a bit of late, and we intend to put them
back in their place before they get any ideas. Herne's call
has gone out and we're taking back the Caern of Gloom and
Sorrow tomorrow, if we can. It's gonna be a big old ruck,
so we're getting some serious partying in first.

Now, dinna take that tone wi' me, lass, or I'll whip
your sorry hide from one end of Buchannan Street to the
other, emissary or not. We're alive tonight and every
single one of us is celebrating that fact in hisown way. We
may not be so lucky by tomorrow night, so we're enjoying
the Mother's blessings while we can. And I've got a
powerful thirst on me right now, that only a pint of heavy
will put to rest.

Take a seat, and I'll get you a drink. Water? Pah! You
aren't gonna impress the lads and lassies here if you go on that way.

Safe of tbe Fiapna

\ y
|

Well, let me tell you, things have been better for us. This
meeting wouldn't be happening otherwise. We've got some battles
to fight and, well, I canna help but feel that we're not prepared. A
year or so ago, we got a new Ard Righ. Now, ye have to understand
how the Fianna work to get what I'm going on about here. The
Ard Righ is not so much the leader of the Fianna as its chief
embodiment. He — or once ina while, she — is chosen by the righs
— leaders or alphas — of all the septs that decide to participate in
the choosing. That's not tae say that there's never a fight over it:
often two or three candidates are chosen by the righs, and they fight
it out for the top spot. The winner only takes his position with their
support and approval. Without that support and approval, he's
nothing. If you want to look at it this way, he's really a mouthpiece
for all the righs that make up the Fianna. He should sum up all
that it means to be a Fiann.

The current one? He's gone and got
fae-struck. Bloody idiot. If there's
one fault we Fianna can't abide,
it's not listening to the songs of
the past. | mean, what the fuck
are they there for if it's not tae
listen to them, heh? There's the
wisdom of thousands of our ances-
tors locked up in those tales and
ye'd have to be a bloody idiot not
to heed it. If there's one thing our
songs tell of it's the dangers of the
fae. They're capricious sorts, the Good

|

A Tithe Diohded

The political views of most Fianna on the
future of their tribe — and by extension the whole
Garou Nation — can be roughly grouped into two
distinct groups. The members of the larger group,
who fully support Ard Righ Bron MacFionn, are
great supporters of the traditional ways. For them,
the Silver Fangs are the Gaia-appointed rulers of
the Garou Nation, and should be helped to prepare
for the Apocalypse. They believe that the ancient
treaties with the fae should be honored, despite the
changes that the Good Folk have undergone and
their general unpredictability. They remain op-
posed to the growth of cities, and often pressure
city-dwelling Kin to move to rural areas within
reasonable traveling distance of acaern. Many view
the Weaver as a threat on a par with the Wyrm and
spurn cities as fiercely as the Red Talons.

The smaller, but more active group is champi-
oned by Son-of-Moonlight, Righ of the Tri-Spiral
sept. These Fianna are more pragmatic than their
peers. They're the ones who have been happy to
aid their Kinfolk in using European Union grants
to help regenerate run-down and often Wyrm-
ridden areas. Sure, it hands the land to the Weaver,
but better her webs that the Wyrm's bile, they
reason, especially this close to the Final Battle of
the Apocalypse. This same pragmatism has lead to
them abandoning support of the Silver Fangs
(although they will still back a strong individual
Fang leader), and choosing to follow their own
paths, orsupportother strong leaders, like Margrave
Konietzko of the Shadow Lords. Many of the
rejuvenated Brotherhood of Herne camp are strong
advocates of Son-of-Moonlight's ideals.

There's no clear geographical split between the
two groups, although American Fianna, as a whole,
tend towards the loyalist faction personified by
MacFionn. At the moment the more rebellious
group is largely composed of young Garou, most of
whom are still of fairly low rank. Thus, they have
little or no voice at Tara. Where they do have an
impact is in the day to day running of most septs. As
the more vocal members start to gain power at the
more embattled caerns, the rebellious faction is
likely to gain some influence in Tara, too.

Folk and you'd do well to steer clear of them. Some of
them are muckle mighty in battle. The Ard Right has
one — a troll, by all accounts — as his bodyguard and
good luck to him.

But for every one of them that will stand by yer side
and fight with you in the name of ancient loyalties,

eee

Spam sac rs aeresenren FEY EE Nes mes

there's three that'll cast a glamour on ye, so befuddle
yer mind that you love them beyond all reasons and
forget yer duties to septand Kin. That's what's going on
with Bron MacFionn — that's the Ard Righ — at the
minute. He's got so obsessed with winning the fae as
our allies as they were of old, that he's lost all track of
what the righs are saying to him. The Good Folk have
their glamours wrapped so tightly round him that he
doesn't know what's what any more. Some say that he's
taken a Seelie Queen as his lover, and we know that no
good can come to those who lose their hearts toasidhe.

RS

So, while he's playing his games of love and court,
what's happening to the rest o'the tribe? Well, there's the
point, hen. We've got some big stuff tae be dealing with,
the righs are calling out for action, and all the Ard Righ
can say is "wait for my
negotia-
tions to
finish,
and
then
we'll
have
some seri-
ousallies."


TS SEE TR SERRE RI SAT RE PRE AAUP TOR

Some of us, we don't agree with this, right? We
think it high time to get back to a few of the basics of
the tribe. We're not bloody hairy fairies, we're warriors
for the Mother and it's about time we started making
Her proud of Her lads and lassies again. We don't trust
the Good Folk, we never have. Yeah, we can work wi'
them. Yeah, we've lived alongside them. But, no, we
dinna trust them.

We've seen what you Shadow Lords, Furies and
Talons are doing in Europe and we want a piece of it.
Now, I know Konietzko wants a meeting with Son-of-
Moonlight, but that doesn't happen unless I send back
good things about you and your conduct in the next
day or so. Yes, lass, that means you're coming with us
to the Ochils tomorrow. We know ye can cut it as a
politician. We want to see if ye can cut it in battle. You
make us proud enough that Galliards want to sing of ye
tomorrow night, Konietzko and Son-of-Moonlight
meet. Clear?

Right, only fair that you know a wee bit about the
people you'll be fighting with tomorrow.

Shg

I canna say how other tribes deal wi' theif totems,
but to ts Stag is at the heart, no pun intended} of, what
we do. Yisee, Stag embodies what it meansito be a
Fiariniook at the wall overthere. See the painting of
astag on ahilltop? Right, well; what's the most obvious
thing you see? Yeah, the antlers. A Stag can use his
antlers to fight to protétt himand his kin, and he can
use them to fight off other males and win breeding
right. The same is true of the gifts;Gaia gives us — we
can use our skills to,beat the livingyShit out of the
Wyrm, and we cansuse them to show off to Kin.

Another face of Stag, the White Hart, is forever
associated with love, and passion and romanee are dear
tae us. And the Stag is a proud beastie, and we are as
proud as he. No wonder he chdse us'as his children.
Long before any of us coined the word "Fianna" to
mean Stag's Children, we were proudly declaring our-
selves to be his family, and we live tae do him proud,
in love and in battle. When we let him down, we
mourn for him and us and often can't laugh again until
we've made amends. Some say that's what happened to
the last Ard Righ. He let Stag down, and he's off in the
Otherworld somewhere, seeking to make amends.

We tend to view our totems in threes. Three is a
powerful number. Just as Gaia has Wyld, Weaver and
Wyrm, so Stag has White Hart, Horned One and
Cernunnos. Now, I'm no Theurge, and I'm sure one
of them druids could give you a clearer picture, but
the general idea is that none of us are just one thing.

40
__

Drutdt, Warrhort © Bards

The Fianna, like the Celtic tribe who were
their kinfolk millennia ago, roughly divide their
society into three: druids, warriors and bards.

The druids are the keepers of wisdom, and the
title is usually applied to Theurges, Philodox, the
wiser Ragabash and even some Galliards who are
renowned for the educational qualities of their tales.
The bardsare the entertainers, and the title is applied
tomost Galliards and even some of the more amusing
Ragabash. The warriors are the Ahroun and the
remainder of Ragabash. The latter may seem a curi-
ous choice, but there's a long legacy of trickster
heroes in both Celtic myth and Fianna alike.

The termsare used informally, and most Fianna
use them about as frequently as they use the formal
auspice names.

Just because I'm an Ahroun, doesn't mean | can't
enjoy a good song or a night of passion with a lass like
yerself. Heh. Don't be so quick to dismiss the idea.
The night's yet young.

Aw, lasspit was a joke. I know the Litany as well as
you dowPrébably better.

The Pat

Now, for some more heresy, anleast,as far'as some
shortsighted folk are concerned. L6ok at this pint
before ye. What do you see, lass? This is the world as it
should be: the glorious bounty of the Mother, given
form by the Weavers@heers! Aitin an hour or so, the
Wyrm will dohiis bit as I piss the remains away. This is
a reminder of what we're fighting for — a world in
balance once more. life is a form of that balance. The
Wyld gives us birthj/the Weaver family, and the Wyrm
release once our day is doneNow, the last two are well
out o' shape. The Wyrm wants,t6 kill us all before our
time is done. The Weaver ties us up in stands of
jealousy and possessiveness that twist the family out of
the loving thing it should be.

Now, if we want to keep our family safe and sound,
we need to kick the living hell out of the Wyrm, so it'll
go back to doing its proper job like the beaten cur that
it is. Now, that's a wee bit of a job, but we Fianna have
never turned down a challenge. Whatever the Fenrir or
Fangs say, it was us that dealt with the Howlers first time
around and it's us that'll teach them a lesson again.

Once that's done, and mebbe before, we need to
get the Weaver back on our side. The ties of family and
pack are her doing. When she's back in her place, those
ties will be the wonderful thing they once were.

Fianna

nein cei

|


Kin matter. Ye have to understand this. It's crucial
to what it means to be a Fiann, and it's something that
far too many of the other tribes have forgotten. Yer Kin
remind you that there is more to life than struggle.
We're warriors, sure, but warriors have to have some-
thing to fight for — that's what separates them from
mere murderers.

Well, now, missy, I understand that we're fighting
for Gaia, thank you very much. Do you understand
that? Do you understand what Gaia is? She's the
Mother of us all, and She loves all Her children, as
mothers do, no matter how much they sin against Her.
Humans, wolves, Garou — we're all the Mother's
children and She wants the best for all of us. Now, She
understands that we all misbehave and we need to be
punished, but that doesn't mean that She hates us.
Any punishment is just a sign that She loves us and
wants the best for us. So, when we fight for Gaia, we
fight for everyone and everything that lives on the
Mother's world.

That's why we keep our Kin so close to use. They
remind us of why we're warriors. They give us some-
thing to fight for, and someone to come home to once
the battle is done. They tend our wounds while we wait
for the next one, and as you well know, there's always
anext battle. More and more of the Mother's children
walk the wrong path every day, and we have to go out
and punish them for their misbehavior.

Love Thy Neighbor

That said, there are limits. Not every Kinfolk of a
Fiann is aware of us and our struggles. Now, Rory
behind the_barthére "
scabs,He/keeps us informe
and ifhe spots anything that Hethink
attention, he'll send one a
eaern. That's how it works, yousee —
within traveling distance ofour caertié.
let them into the heart of theeaern (but trusted Kin are
able to move in‘and out, ey see fit. A few
even give up human life and take up residence in the
caern as help, lovers and friénds to us.

The same goes, as far as we can manage, with our
wolf Kin. Now, in some parts of the world wolves are
common enough that they can run free in the lands
that surround a caern. We've tried to make that the
case again ina few places here and there that lost their
native wolf populations. Scotland itself is a good case
in point — we've been "aiding" a program to reintro-
duce wolves to the wild in the Highlands, if ye ken
what I mean. It's been a wee bit of a success, too. We

(Xp and Gere

have some lupus takin' turns to run with them in the
wild, too. The Highlands aren't always safe and we'd
hate anything to happen to them.

I'll be honest, there are a few wolf Kin in zoos. Aye,
they're there with their own agreement and we do our
level best to make sure that the environment is as
comfortable for them as we can manage. And yeah, we
get them out of there for moots, but it's often the only
safe way for them to live close to the humans.

Coerns

Now then, caern'san interesting word. It one of those
that we gifted the rest of the Garou. Y'seejpartiofiour Rite
of Caern Building involves building a, well, cairn. Bach
Garottin theritual carries@single rock the largest they
€an — to the heartof the caem as part of thé titual. We
took to calling thé heart of the caern "the eairn", while
the whole damn thing was called the Nemeton. A few
old-timers and traditionalists still use the name, but most
of us just call it a caern and have done.

Now, when you think of a Fianna caern you
probably think of stone circles and fog-enshrouded
hilltops, right? Heh. You've been listening to way too
many misty-eyed bards. Let me put you straight: Yeah,
some of our caerns do look like that. They're usually
ones we had to take off the Get or the Fangs, though.
Yeah, and we built a few of them ourselves, in places
where we let other tribes influence our ways of think-
ing. On the whole, though, we don't defile our holy
places with Weaver-inspired structures. We keep 'em
natural, the way the mother intended. A pile o' rocks,
to mark the strength at the heart of the caern, and some
tributes to the spirit that call it home — skins of beasts
we've caught in its honor and the like — usually placed
in deep pits around that cairn, and that's yer lot.

Oh, yeah, apart from the water that is. You'll find
that the majority of Fianna caerns have water in them
in some way. Whether it's a natural pool, a river or the
edge of a lake, water is very important to us. For a start
it makes a good gateway to the Otherworld — yeah,
the Umbra. Beyond that, it's another one of those
things that sums up life for us. Water is a life-giver: you
need it to drink, to bathe, to cleanse or to fish.
However, it can also stand for death. You can drown,
you can be swept away, you can die from exposure to
the elements. Yeah, even us Garou. Sometimes we
even make sacrifices to the spirits by throwing things
into the water. Youcan look all ye like, but you'll never
find the thing we sacrificed.

Water's also important because it draws fish spirits,
many of whom bring gifts of wisdom with them. Any
caern that's blessed with salmon-spirits will draw bards
from far and wide to partake of Salmon's famed wisdom.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 41

EE

cece

|

—————————

There's a purity to these places that youdon't get wi'
the over-elaborate bollocks some of the other tribes
throw up. You spenda wee spell in one of our caerns and
you'll feel the passions running through the Mother
clearer than you know yer own mind, lass. Each struc-
ture you put in that heart muffles Her voice a little, and
that's ashame. In this day and age, we're even less likely
to build a caern that looks like a knock-off Stonehenge.
When the Wyrm's forces can use the Weaver's toys to
take a picture of a whole country in detail enough to
mark out a rock, being that obvious is dumb.

Like I said, we let a few Kinfolk live in the bawn.
That's especially true of those who are mated wi' one
of us. We're a people with a fierce love on us, and we
can't bear to be parted from those we love more than

Aye, the booze. Now, drink is important to the
Fianna, and not just because we're drunken wee bas-
tards. As I said before, drink is an important symbolic
thing. There's good reason that our Irish Kin called
whiskey "uisce beatha" — the water of life. It has within
it all three of the Triat, in multiple ways. At our moots
we drink it so that the Wyrm within it can break the
bonds of the Weaver on our hearts and open us to the
passion of the Wyld. Do yousee? The passion that makes
us Fianna is always close to the surface, and is a wee
touch of the Wyld within us. Letting it loose, even for a
night, helps restore the balance that was lost so long ago.

Moots area time for partying, for the enjoyment of
both the physical world and the spiritual that the
"Mother made for us. Sometimes, by really enjoying

we have to. The presence of our loved ones close at yourself, you can come to understand who you really

hands make our parties that wee bit more special, and
helps us keep to the Litany when our passions run a wee
bit too fierce, if you ken what I'm saying.

Garna ookt

In our mootswe celebrate the world as it should be,
the world we will make when we triumph on the pla
of the Apocalypse, Now, we're a l@se-knit bunch
the best o' times, so We're likely to get together wit
some regularity. Ifamonth goes by withoutsomekinda
celebration at Off of our caetns, there's something
seriously, wrong. Hell, ifva Fiann is living in aithulti-
tribal sept}Ihe'll do his level best to make sure that th
werewolves there do their best to — :
that they're fighting fors

We love a good party. That's so. many of a

cubs spend their youth trying to crash the méétsof other
tribes. However, none of them can hold a candle to our
own bashes. There's three key components to a Fianna
moot: song, dance and booze. Now, youask any werewolf
the world over and they'll tell you that the Galliards of
the Fianna are the finest on the face of the Mother, or
they'll be a liar. Not one other tribe has learned how to
mingle the human voice, the wolf howl and the music
of instruments together into something that touches
every Garou right where it matters. There's areason why
our elders are known as the Council of Song, y'know.
Our songs speak to the spirit within each of us.

Dance, on the other hand, speaks to the physical.
Our dancing is a raw, physical thing. Even our partner
dancers are fast furious and not for the faint of heart. If a
Garou forgets herself, a poor Kin can easily find himself
flying through their air and spending the rest of the spring
recovering from his injuries. Often we have multiple
dances —some in Lupus, some in Homid and the Garou-
only dances in Crinos. The elders watch those ones
carefully, as we don't want any Litany violations, do we?

_ are. The inhibitions and duties that bind us fall away
andthe truth of the werewolf beneath lies revealed. A

rt who knows himself is a hard opponent to beat.

Lords of the Dance
Those of youffamiliar with the Celidh — a
traditional Celtic form of ‘gathering — may have

ish music r. a 7 ordered way.
Me s avery adult way of dancing.

as onlysteenage can. The young men compete

With each other to dance harder, faster, to throw
their partners around with greater force and con-
trol. The lady does her best to catch her favored
man's eyeas she gets her brief dance with him before
being passed on, and does her best to make him
jealous when she's dancing with others. It's a far
more wild and primal affair.

Now, for those teenagers substitute the warriors
of Gaia, ever competitive, alarmingly strong and
always ready to dance and fight. Desire runs close to
the surface of every dance, and the agony of passing
your partner on after every repetition insome dances,
or having to lend them to someone else repeatedly
help keep sexual tensions high. A hand held for a
moment too long ora partner treated just a touch too
roughly are causes for fights to start — and for hearts
tobe won. As youcan imagine, a Fianna dance, while
bearing superficial similarities to a human Celidh, is
not for the weak or the faint-hearted.

42 Fianna

_

LD


Moots are also a time for friendly competition. We
complete for our positions of honor: the chairs of song,
poetry and stories. You'd think just the Galliards would
compete, wouldn't you? Well, you'd be wrong. All
auspices compete, and more often than not, it's one of
the others who takes the contest. Y'see, the Galliards
have to work on knowing as many tales as they can. The
other auspices can practice one story, poem or song so
well that it knocks the others for six. Besides, many of us
just get the Galliards so drunk that they can't compete.

Fitts
There are four major celebrations through the
year. They are known by several different names de-

pending on where you are in the world, but here's how
I see them.

Swope

Otherwise known as the "thank fuck that's over"
celebration, Imbolc is when we celebrate the move
from winter to spring. Winter's a hard time in most of
our caerns. Snow covers the land, the Mother hides
Her glory until Father Sun returns, and those of us who
like to eat food we've killed or grown with our own
hands often have to make do with stuff we've stored
since summer. It's a hard, gray depressing time and
Fianna caerns are often mournful places through the
winter. Fire, whisky and song only go so far to offset the
somber mood of winter.

When Imbole comes, we know it's nearly over.
The Otherworld normally shows signs of fresh life
again before the physical world does, so often we send
packs off questing for portents of the year to come.

Imbolc is often the birthing time, too. Nine months
after the Beltane fires, both Fianna and Kin give birth
to the babies they conceived back then. The growth of
the tribe and the expansion of our families reminds us
of the Mother's power and of what we have to protect.
Imbolc is about the future.

Eeffave

Next up is May Day. Spring's becoming summer
and our passions are in full flood. The last of the
winter's wood is burned, the last of the old year's booze
(and the first of the new) is drunk and a young Fiann's
thoughts turn to hot, sweaty love. More pups are
conceived at Beltane than any other time of the year.
I love Beltane, I can tell ye. Ifa man can't get drunk as
askunk and laid more often than a horny rabbit on that
day, he can't get laid at all.

Beltane is also the traditional time of challenge. If
someone seeks to be righ of a sept, or to assume any
other position within it, this is the night when they can
make their challenge freely. The Master of the Chal-

lenge is usually worked off his feet, the poor bastard,
keeping track of who is to fight and when. When the
fights are done and the evening rites begin, though, we
make sure he or she is well rewarded for those efforts.

Aye, I love Beltane, fights, good drink and better
lovers. The Fianna never feel more alive and closer to
the Mother than they do at Beltane.

I hear that a few, traditional septs invite the Good
Folk — the friendly Seelie ones, only — along to their
Beltane revels. More fool them, I say. Inviting anyone
but one of the Mother's chosen warriors into your
caern is just asking for trouble. Maybe once we and
they were bound by oaths strong enough to keep us
safe, but those days are long past.

Lygbnatta

If youhad all the festivals back to back, Lughnassa'd
be where ye catch your breath after a wild Beltane
romp. Not that it isn't a festival proper, mind — it's an
excuse to celebrate, and that's what we do. As ye've no
doubt heard.

But Lughnassa isn't as wild as Beltane, nor as
refreshing as Imbolc. It's more of a way to fortify
ourselves, y'see. To make ready for the comin' winter
by eating and drinking and generally talking about
what we've done and what we've yet to do. Aye, with
afine ale anda good fire to warm you, and tales of glory
to fire ye up, the coming autumn and winter seem
almost bearable.

Many of us get depressed as autumn comes, and
this feast can be maudlin if we're not careful. Our best
Galliards, though, can take a tale of the past, or the
story of one of us that has recently died, and turn it into
a thing that we can celebrate.

Many of the younger packs seek to ease the pain by
going on Wild Hunts, seeking out and destroying as many
of the Wyrm's minions in one night as they possibly can,
honoring their ancestors with each blow they strike.

Jatwhaln

Samhain, or Hallowe'en, as we called it when I was
a lad, is our last real chance to celebrate before winter's
teeth really begin to bite. Of course, humans have
rather more fun on All Hallows' than we do.

If ever there was a time that showed that drink is
the soul of the Fianna incarnate, it's Samhain. Com-
pare a drunk Fiann on Beltane night with one on this
evening. On May Day he laughs, dances and loves with
the best of them. Even the Crinos seems too small to
contain the joy in their heart. When winter comes,
that joy turns into introspection and mourning and we
experience the pain of loss. We know our fallen broth-
ers and sisters now serve the Mother ina different way,
but that doesn't mean that we don't miss them.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 43

 leaeeadeameemaiaeaiaaames me


We don't get too drunk, though. The Gauntlet
often thins perilously on Samhain night, and more
often than not the things that get through are not the
things that we want in The Realm. Of all our celebra-
tions, Samhain is the real feast of battle, for it's on
Samhain that we are most often called to fight.

I hear tell that

once we fought

) against the fae on

Samhain
night, standing
guard
their faerie

mounds as

over

t he
Unseelie
rode out
to harass
our Kin.

days, it's more likely to be Banes or other Wyrm scum
that we face on that night — or Weaver spirits trying
to make the Gauntlet strong again.

Auygtteet
Abroun

We like a good ruck as much as the fext werewolf,
against fae, fomori or Wyrm Howlers, and our Ahroun
have always held a place of honor in Fianna society. The
old warrior/bard/druid threesome that led local human
culture millennia ago is still alive and well amongst the
Fianna. A community needs someone to defend it. The
humans may have forgotten that thereare things out there
that must be fought, be the Garou never can forget it. The
Ahroun ate our wattiors amongst warriors. The warrior's
life is not a long one; though, so thosevtales of Fianna
drinking enough booze to killashorsé? That's probably an
Ahroun at work. If yer going to die you want to enjoy life
while you still can. Nobody can cel-
ebrate life like one of us lads. Just ask
the Kin, if you follow my drift.

Gebard

The Galliards are the
keepers of our history. Some
people like to keep it in books
oroncomputers, but we like to
keep it in the minds of our
people. I tell ya, a good Galliard
will beat a well-written book any
day of the week. The real storyteller
is the one who knows how to play an
audience, nothow to twist fancy words
into mangled sentences. No lie: we
have the best Galliards of the Garou
Nation. And I wouldn't advise argu-
ing with that fact, lass, unless you want
to limp yer way back to the Balkans.
Why are they so good? It's be-
cause they know that there's more to
their role than just remembering the
stories o' the past. Battle is as much about
psychology as it is tooth and claw, if ye
ken what] mean. Scare the shite out
of the enemy and you'll have as
good as won before you start.
It's a trick the Wyrm
®) Howlers picked up from
\

\'
TF.

\'' \h

>

2

us before they fell, but
we're a wee bit better
than them at it, if ye
ask me. Ye'll know a

4)

|

The Pleart? Song

In this day and age, when you think Celtic
music, you probably think of the New Agey, ethereal
music personified by bands like Clannad or singers
like Enya or Loreena McKennitt. While this music
certainly plays to the spiritual side of the Garou,
there's far more to Celtic mitisic Sand the soul of the
Fianna — than.that. From the aggressive and joyful
pipe bands ofthe Scots to the heart-rending beauty
of a WelshMale Voice Choir, to Celidh music to the
more bawdy songs of the Corries to the pop crossover
of the Corrs, the Proclaimers or even U2, there's a
wealth of music out there that explores different
moods and passions.

On the whole, the Celtic peoples are a fierce,
practical lot, as a night on the piss in Glasgow,
Swansea ‘or Dublin will make apparent. Joyful,
bawdy songs are the notm and well suited to the
sound track of a Fianna revel*Pairytale of New
York" is almost of hymn of drunken revelry that
should be high on your listening list.

When you turn to American Fianna, country
music isagreat source of inspiration. Mix upaJohnny
Cash album with one by Christie Moore and you'll
soon see the influence and links between the two.

Fianna pack going into battle by the howls and songs that
precede the charge. Our Galliards can lead war cries
that'll put the fear of Gaia intae anyone. On those fine
days, too rare in this day, when a whole bunch of us get
together to give the Wyrm a good kicking, you'll hear
horns and trumpets and the pipes. If you're really lucky
you'll get the works tomorrow, lass. Our really good
Galliards are skilled at keeping several packs coordinated
by a combination of howl and song.

Theurge

Theurges are some.of the druids of the tribe. Now,
don't you be gettingsainy ideas in yer head about men in
white sheets cuttiftg mistletoe on the solstice. You ever
heard of the thréefold death? Yeah, well, that's where you
kill a man in three ways simultaneously — say hanging,
stabbing and whipping — before throwing him into a bog
to appease the spirits. If they're feeling nice and the
sacrifice is a willing volunteer, they just might knock him
out first. Sounds nasty,right? None of the honorable death
in battle shite? Well, if that's what it takes to appease a
particular spirit, that'swhat they'll do. That's the key toa
Fianna Theurge —she'll go as far as she needs to appease
the spirits. They're our allies, and they aren't easy to
deal with, but we need them)\Whata Theurge says goes
when it comes to the Umbra arid. the spirits.

"bijoox

Now, yer Philédox isa druid too, but one wi' a hard
task. It's not/a job that everybody wants to do, but it
needs doing all they same, We're a passionate lot and
we get a wee bit carried away from time tae time. You
need someone to rein us in, but it's a thankless task at
the best o" times. What makes it worse is that with
guardianship of the law, comes guardianship of our
morals. A moot can be a hard time for a Philodox.
While everyone else parties, he's watching over us to
make sure we don't get too far out o'line. We don't
want any more mules thank you very much.

The Philodox are also Our matchmakers. Now,
don't get me wrong. We're not Gnes.for forced mar-
riages. A good Philodox, though, can see when a
couple might be compatible and will do her
level best to get the two of them to-
gether. Yousee, the greater the passion
between a couple, the greater the
chance that one of their bairns
will be born Garou. Too many of
you other tribes don't pay enough
attention to your mates, and if
they don't feel loved, how are they
going to birth wee bundles of pas-
sion like us, now?

Now, you may not believe it,
but often our lupus make the best
matchmakers. Maybe they can just
sense compatibil-

ity on an
animal a
level us ay

homids
miss.

Rigabath

We like and respect a good leader but we like
them taé prove themselves first. The h watch
our rulers and make sure they do what‘ they should. I
hear that some tribes that that the Ragabash should
make sure that they don't take themselves too seri-
ously. Well, none of us take ourselves too seriously to
start with. Nah, we expect our Ragabash to make sure
that our alphas live up to the job. If they don't, well,
then the Ragabash sends word to the best person to
take over the job.... And if the alpha can+hold up under
a determined assault from a Ragabash, we'll follow
them to the end o'the earth.

What? Oh, yer Ragabash is a warrior, is just
as valid a way of defeating an enemy as tearing him tae
bits, you know. I thought you lot were meant to be astute.

Fret

Now, lass, each and every Fiann is a rich mess of
contradictions and desires. We tend tae be very up
front about what we want in life, even if those wants
contradict each other from time tae time. Being a
Garou tends tae give you a number of different out

someones, your family, can make a real difference to
who you become. Whatever some of the tribes try tae
make out, we know that those early years make a big
difference tae the Garou you become.

Hiowkd,

Well, we're nae different to most of the tribes.
Most of us are homids these days. We're a pretty damn
diverse lot. Yeah, you get some American types from
Toledo, Ohio or Lincoln, Nebraska, or.seme such
place, who put on kilts and affect a brogue and wax
poetic about "the motherland" in a way that implies
that they have no idea what the modern UK and
Ireland are like and have a lousy grasp of history tae
boot. They're in the minority, though. Mostare pretty
ordinary people from the lands they were bormin, as far
as you can be normal when half of you is im the spirit
world and the whole of you is on a bloody hair trigger.

Most of us are just like me — keen on drinking,
pointless shouting, a good song and a good fuck. Oh,
and fighting to the death to save Gaia of course, but
then that goes for all of us, even the wee. metisibastatds.

[have tae admitthatushomids create most of the
bloody trouble, though. Many of us haye problems
letting go of human concepts like jealousy, monogamy
and stuff like that. Now, we really canna afford that
sort of behavior. We need tae breed and there's no two

. Cee

looks on life. You're a werewolf, you're a Fiann, you're
of an auspice and you were born of someone. And those ~

ways about it. Whomever's the best equipped at any
point to do the dirty and impregnate a Kin lass should
get on wi' the job. And anyone who thinks they've got
a prior claim should bloody well step aside for the good
of the tribe. Och, but it doesn't often happen like that.
We've had far too many challenges over breeding
tights. That's what happens what the heart gets in the
way of common sense.

Oh, yeah and there's the whole nationalism thing.
It takes a wee while for the homids to get used to being
Fianna rather than British or Irish or American or
whatever. Och, and then there's the bloody French
nationalists, but you dinna want to hear about them,
lass. Like I was saying, some of us canna let go of seeing
all people of their country as kin, rather than the
precious few who actually carry our blood. We beat it out
of most of the cubs before they get to go on their Rite of
Passage, though. That's one of the reasons we insist on

—_ a so much. It helps sever those links.

Newel wishgth@té Wer@imore Fianna lupus left to

us. Iv's hard'ehough keeping wild wolf packs in most of
the ‘places we call home. Some of oufilupus devote

oftheir time to béing the alpha ofa pack of Kin,
cobs the wilds, So, we have a few

packs hiding out in places where the humans

"think that the wolves are all long dead.

What wi'staying close to our Kin andall it's fartoo
easy for us to get carried away with human matters. If
someone's giving the Kin a hard time, you ean't help
but feel that you should go and have a wee chat with
then, if you catch my drift. The fact that we all feel
things so strongly makes it that much harder to resist.

The lupus in the tribe are damn good at letting the
rest of us know when we've let human concerns dis-
tract us from the things that really matter — fighting
the Wyrm. We had a wee problem with some of the
lads getting involved in the Troubles over in Irelands
some years back, and it took some serious work led by
a lupus Ragabash to show the hot-headed bastards
where their priorities should lie.

More to the point, when I say "family is important
to the Fianna," I dinna really mean family in the
human sense. The bloody monkeys have no idea what
it means to treasure those that are close to you. Now
the lupus, they know. While they were still cubs,
before the change, they had to rely on their packs —
their families — to survive. They're often the fiercest
advocates of protecting our Kin and making sure we
treat 'em right. Sometimes, of course, treating 'em
tight means reminding them of their place and the
lupus are damn good at that, lassie.

46 Fianna

—_

ier //

|


Mele

Oh, so you want me to talk about the bloody mules
as well, do you lass? Wee, fuckin', Wyrm-corrupted
bastards, bringing the guid name of the tribe into
disrepute. Excuse me, but I've got a nasty taste in my
mouth all of a sudden. Mebbe the whisky will burn the
taste away. Ah, that's better. Now, let's gets this
straight. Metis are an affront toh Mother. They're a
living, walking, stinking reminder thatevenwe Fianna
get things wrong once inga while.

Listen, kids today, (they think they can shag any-
thing that moves. If they've got the desire, they've got
the right to satisfysit? Welljthat's bollocks. Nature has
rules, yousee, and one of those is that Garou should not
maté with Garou. Imean, why thefuck would they want
to? Stupid bastards. There's enough bonny Kin out there
to satisfy those few of us that are left in thisday and age.

Nowglike 1 said, mules are stinking scum))We
tolerate them, just about, because we have no choice. If
there were more Garou in the world, maybe we could go
back to slaughtering them at birth, like we used to, but
I don't think we can afford tae do so now. You have tae
keep abloody good eye on the wee bastards, though. The
fuckers turn to the Wyrm farmore easily than real Garou
and the moment they show any signs of doing so, it's
better for all of us if we deal with them there and then.

Just because we tolerate them doesn't mean we have
to like it, though. A muleshould never be allowed to feel
comfortable about what it is. It has to do twice as well as
the rest of us, because it's only half as good. Every slip-
up will be pointed out, mocked and punished.

And if they're caught trying it on wi' one of our
Kin? Well, the best they can expect is a good beating.
The Mother made them sterile, so they have no
business trying to have sex like a real Garou. They
should bloody accept their place as a living reminder of
crime and not try tae get above their station. And
mebbe the rest of us will look at the miserable bastards
and keep that image in mind to stop our passions going
the wrong way.

Z i$
Zccorwng Pharma

Now then, lass. The one area where we Fianna can
really claim to be well ahead of the pack is in Kin-
fetching. We hold our Kin nearer and dearer than most
other tribes. Now, some might say that doing this
leaves us vulnerable, that our Kin are a point at which
we could be attacked. That's a pile 0' steaming shite, if
you ask me. Without our Kin, where are the next
generation of Fianna going to come from? More tae the
point, in whose arms are we going to spend the night
after a really good fight?

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin

Ee

Even if we can't keep track of all our relatives
ourselves, those Kin that are really close to us tend to keep
track of those a wee bit further away. The Mother's a bit
funny when it comes to letting us breed true, and some-
times we go a generation or two before the blood really
shows, so it's important that we keep a track on the
extended family, especially as some of us are, well, enthu-
siastic in our breeding duties. I've got over a dozen wee
ones meself, and I'm hoping for at least one tae breed true.
Young Neil is showing all the signs, so let's hope...

So, when one of the bairns starts showing the signs
that they might be one o' us, we keep a special eye on
them, and make sure that the Kin-fetch is keeping a
good eye on the youngster. They change, and we'll be
there within the day. Now, we don't hang about. They
need to be pulled away from their family and into
Garou life pretty sharpish. A new cub's a dangerous
beastie and we don't want them tearing their families
into wee pieces, now, do we?

Of course, it's nae easy task to introduce some of
them tae our world. Many of our caerns are run on
somewhat traditional lines. We take a great pride in
our heritage and we don't give up the traditional ways
until something is proved tae be a world better than
what we do now. That's one of the reasons that so
much of our history still hasn't been written down. No
book or television has the power of a good Galliard. I
hear the American caerns can be even more old-
fashioned in their outlooks than we can. Well, they've
got the space to hide from others that'd be puzzled at
the woad and kilts on show.

Fitfertng

So the wee ones go through a few months of
adjustment and training, getting used to life in our
society. We keep them as isolated from the modern
world as we can during this time. The Wyrm throws
enough temptations at us without it distracting them
during this difficult time of their lives.

Generally, we assign a young Fiann to an older
Garou of his auspice to be his mentor. The mentor
works with elder Garou of all auspices to put the wee
one through a rigorous training schedule designed to
familiarize them with all aspects of Garou and Fianna
life, with particular emphasis on the skills of their own
auspice. Oh, and they're not allowed to drink or shag
during their fosterage. If anything will encourage them
to work hard and earn their Rite of Passage, it's that.

Once upon a time, we'd send a Fiann who was born
of the close Kin of a sept to another caern to learn the
ways of the tribe. Bron's been trying to get that old
tradition underway wi' a degree of success, I'll grant
him that. Those cubs that are born without any knowl-
edge of us are just fostered to the nearest caern. No

47
Ss


2 amar mre atin SSN MANN EAST STR SS SE FETA CE AT

sense in messing around with the fostering of acub that
has to come to terms with their existence as a werewolf
before we can teach the wee buggers anything useful.

One of the things we really have tae beat into cubs
nowadays is respect for Kin and family, as that seems to
all but have disappeared from the world. If that isn't a
sign of the Apocalypse, what is?

Goth, Cate avd Garcy

Many of our Kin are fiercely religious people —
Christian in particular. The Celtic people picked up
the religion something fierce, and it displaced the old
ways amongst them in short order. Within a hundred
years, traditions thousands of years old were swept
aside and replaced with the worship of this martyr god.
Now, those that live around us know the truth of
Mother Gaia and the Otherworld, but some new cubs
have real problems if they've sunk too deep into
Catholic or Protestant views. It's a real shock the first
time we take them to the Otherworld, and they start to
meet spirits. Some think they'résin the presénce of
devils, others of angels. Some canna ¢épe and go near
catatonie-withthe shock of it all. They recovémin the
end. They can feel that. the Otherworld is as much
their home as this world is, and they learn to adapt.

There is a wee group within the tribe that inter-
prétsGaia asa form o' the Virgin Mary, the other spirits
as forms o' theangels and tries todeal wi' itall that way,
but I think that they're fighting a losing battle. Most of
us eventually give up onthe Christian faith and accept
the worship of Gaia as they. damn should. Makes life

much easier, if,you ask me lass:

Pifat of Fattage

A year onjmost cubs-are dying for a drink and a
nighto' passion, but they have to get through @number
of tests fitst. | onceheard some bollocks about these tests
being the traditional ones of Fionn Mac Cumhail, but
why we'd use the tests of some Kinfolk ladjevena famous
and successful one like him, is quite beyond my ken.

First and most important, they must be able to
recite any one of the 12 great sagas of our tribe on
demand. It doesn't matter what auspice they are, if
they don't know the history of the Fianna, they can't
be considered a fully-grown Fiann until they do. Be-
cause of this, every single cub carries the history of our
people with them, and it can never be lost as long as
one of us survive. Galliards, of course, would be ex-
pected to give a fuller and more engrossing rendition
than anyone else.

Then there are tests of physical prowess. You ken
the kinda thing I mean: pulling a thorn from your foot
while running without slackening your pace; defend-

48 Fianna

——— aa Se

ing yourself with a stick while buried to the waist;
defending a wooden log over a stream against all
comers; being the first up a cliff while pursued by three
other Garou; tracking a specified animal for three days
and three nights without it knowing that you're there
— that sort of thing.

Next comes sacrifice. They're expected to craft or
win something of great value, in the eyes of the Council
of Song, and then sacrifice it to the caern's totem. This
can be anything from an intricately worked tore, shield
or weapon to a trophy won from an enemy in trickery or
combat. This is cast into the water at the heart of the
caern, or left ina deep pit if the caern lacks water. I doubt
anyone's been thick enough to look for a sacrifice after
it has been made, but I'm sure they'll never find it.

Oh, and yeah, they'll be spending a while in the
Otherworld, too. Knowing the Otherworld is part of
who'we are. They're taken to the heart of a caern and
are expected to pass through to the Otherworld using
the watepthere. There-they'll find one of the incarna-
tions,6f Stag or am associated spirit. Then they'll be
sent on aguést, to prove their worthiness,as.a Fiann.
More@ften than not, we'll gathera group of youngsters
together for this...

Oh, the other tribes do this, too? See, you all learn
from us. Yeah, well} we prepare them well. Most.are
stripped naked before they leave, and theirsbédies are
daubed with knotwork under the directins of our druids.
I'm sure you can imagine the cat calling and insults over
the cubs' physical assets, if ye catch my drift, lass. Still, if
théy can't take a wee bit o'tibbing, or usettheir anger to
their benefit, then they wouldn't be good Fianna.

If they get back, well, they're in for the party of
theirlives. Ifthey've been inthe sept forayear without
catching the eye of a Kin or two, then they're no real
Fiann. They'll have a sweetheattwaiting,for them
when they come home, andia few good drinks and
hearty shag will soon put the\struggles "of their rite
behind them. Once the hangover's gone, then they get
the full Rite and are welcomed into the sept as grown
Fianna. There won't be too much celebrating, though
it pains me to say it. We need every warrior we have
right now, and we grab our joy where we can, before we
head off to the battlefield once more. It's nae an easy
life, but I love it all the same.

Fiywor

Oh, aye, I nearly forgot. It's the drink, ye ken. I just
canna handle it so well in my breed form. Anyway, one
of the things we make sure to teach our bairns is to have
a bloody sense of humor. Yeah, lass, don't look so
worried. I know you've found my flippancy discomfort-
ing. You know what?! don't care. We Garou in the End

|


is a rare thing and it's just going to get rarer as the
Apocalypse approaches.

We're a passionate people, and we're proud of it.
We can get pretty damn swept up in fighting the
Wyrm, and we can all too easily forget our duty to our
Kin and to the future. After all, we're all of us warriors
born. So, we celebrate our lives and our reason for
being her with equal passion. We're also prey to
depression, when life doesn't go our way, and we all
know that's the short, steep, downhill slope to Harano.
So, we have to learn to laugh at life, too, even when
we're facing a hundred Howlers with just a couple of a
packs and a single bottle of whiskey to go round.

We teach the young ones to laugh at themselves.
Truth be told, we tried to help out the Get by doing the
same thing, but they didn't seem to get the joke. Their
loss, wouldn't you say, lass? Och, wipe that grimace off
yer face lass. We'll prove to you, come the morrow, that
we're fiercer on the battlefield than any of your lot.

Cory

Well, muchas we Fianna like the idea of being one
big, happy family, it doesn't work like that. A few
Children of Dire I hunt with occasionally say it's all the
fault of the homids and that factionalism is something
our human sides brings to the tribe. If we weren't so
enamored of human pursuits like drinking, we'd all be
a lot closer. Well now, maybe they're right and mebbe
they're not. As far as I can see, the tribe splits more by
role than opinion. Y'see, by staying close to yer family,
you see that everyone has a role tae play in that society
and not just what yer auspice makes you, if you ken
what I mean.

Jongkecpert

Chances are you've seen more of this camp than
any other Fianna. The Songkeepers are devoted to
keeping alive the history of not just Stag's Chosen, but
the whole of the Garou Nation. That's why many of
our best Galliards can be found traveling the world,
learning new and old songs from the other tribes. It's
always a pleasure tae have a Songkeeper at a moot. His
chat and songs will bring the fireside alive with tales of
different lands, loves and battles that'll make you
proud to be one of the Mother's chosen.

The Songkeepers, despite the name, aren't just
Galliards, though. The Theurges try to keep alive all
the rites of the Garou, and make sure none are lost to
us as we approach the Apocalypse. Philodox learn
from the wisdom of other tribes, and make sure that it
is available to all. In fact it was Berberana Muguruza
who arranged this meeting. She's a Songkeeper

eR LN TD LEAT wh PT LET ones me

. Times live a dark, dismal life. A night drinking like this

Philodox. Quite a looker, too. Don't get that many
Spanish types round here.

There's even some Ragabash, who keep links with
the other tribes. Sharing ways to keep the rest of us on
our toes, no doubt. Wee bastards.

I've never been tae a Songkeeper moot —and they
do hold them from time tae time, or so I've been told.
What stories and songs must be heard there, heh?
Some say that the real rulers of out tribe are the
Songkeepers, for their words direct the minds of every
righ, including the Ard Righ himself. I canna see it
myself. They've got so much to learn, I dinna think
they've got time for politics.

The Brotherbood of Plarne

Now, a wee word o' warning to ye, lass. I'm a wee bit
biased when I talk of the Brotherhood. You see, I'm a
member. We're what you might call, in this day and age,
arapid reaction force. The group isdominated by Ahroun,
withasmattering of the other auspices. We have our roots
in the dark days after the birth of the Wyrm Howlers. The
corruption of some of this land's protectors shifted the
balance to the side of the bastard Wyrm, and blights were
springing up left, right and center. The leeches were
getting bolder and bolder and fomori were rife.

A good portion o' the tribe were up here, fighting
the traitorous bastards and steadily driving them back
towards the Mile Deep Loch. That meant many of our
caerns across Britain and Europe where thinly de-
fended, at a time when there were more beasties to
fight than ever. Many caerns were hard pressed to
defend themselves.

This couldn't last. Eventually, a wily old bitch who
we remember as Herne's Daughter, came up with the
idea of sharing resources. So, when a threat arose, a
large band of Ahroun — one or two at the most from
each caern that could briefly spare them —and others,
modeling themselves after the the Wyld Hunt of old,
would take a moon bridge to the nearest caern and deal
with the Wyrmish beasties quickly and efficiently.
When the Hunt rides out, the men quake in their beds
and women hide their children.

The Brotherhood went through a difficult time a
few years back. Too many of the young 'uns who joined
the group focused on dealing with the Fundies — I'll
tell you more of those later — instead of the real
purpose of the Brotherhood. A clever bit of politics by
the Fundies soon had too many Fianna believing that
this was an oppressive English, freedom-fighting Irish
situation, and the lads o' the two camps were at each
other's throats before we knew it. Many quit in disgust.

When Malcolm "Wyrm-mocker" Sutton fell in a
battle against some Wyrm Howlers, things changed for

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 49

————————EOee ermine

|

RS FETA TRC GCE SESE come 8 ST Fe c RSTIRO e

the better. Now,
don't get me
wrong, Malcolm
was a good lad,
and a fearsome
warrior, but he /,
had no feeling £
for politics. A
Full Moon to
the core that !
one. Oh, and he
was English tae boot. His replacement was a
Frenchwoman, of all things. I don't know her
human name, as everyone calls her Burns-the-
Worm. There'sa great story behind that name,
but I'll get one of the lads to sing it to ye
another night.

Still, she's done a grand job of
rebuilding us along the old lines.

The Whigertng
Rovers

The Rovers have a tough
life. Nae doubt about it, lass,
theirs is not a life I'd like. For
a Fiann to give up his home
andKinandtravel the world,
that's a big choice. It canna
be comfortable for them. It seems tae me that loving your
hearth and home is half of what being Fianna is all about.
To give that up for a life on the road, well, that's tough.

They don't get much acceptance either. Like the
Striders, they aren't always welcome, although I hear
things are better over in the States, and in other parts
of the world. The Garou of Europe are a territorial lot,
and they don't always react well to a band of Fianna
and their Kin turning up within spittin' distance of
their bawn. Still, enough of our tribe get the wander-
lust that there's a good number of Rovers all over the
world. I even hear tell that some of them have gone
into Russia now the hag is gone. Good luck to them.

Why are they "whispering"? That's a good ques-
tion, lass. They're the eyes and the ears of the clan. |
might like a wee drink and some comfort from a good
looking Kin lass, but it doesn't mean that I'm not one
of Gaia's warriors still. "Combat the Wyrm wherever it
dwells and breeds," remember? Well, one of the prob-
lems the Children of Stag have is that we're home-
loving bastards. If it's not within a day's run of home or
a good bar, more often than not we don't really give a
damn. Once too often, that insularity has come back
an' butted us in the face. It's the job of the Rovers to
keep the tribe from fallin' into that trap again.

5

en

Each Righ of the Rovers... Sorry, I had tae laugh.
Y'see. there's a kiddies' comic about football called
Roy of the Rovers that I used to read and... Never
mind. No one ever said you Shadow Lords had a sense
o' humor. Barman! Another drink for the humorless
lassie! And a whisky chaser! And one fer yerself!

Each Rover Righ reports back to Tara, or wherever
the Ard Righ is callin' home, with anything they see
that may cause trouble for the tribe. You hear tales of
wandering bands of Fianna turning up at the caerns of
other tribes, just as things get tricky? Well, that's the
work of the Rovers.

Now, here's a worthy wee group. It tends to be
young lads and lassies who join the Grandchildren, a
few summers into their life as Garou. Seeking Honor
and Glory, they join together in small bands, and set
out in search of a good ruck, wherever it's to be found.
If any of the camps had a claim to be oldest, it's the
Grandchildren or the Songkeepers. Both seem to be
fundamental to who we are, if ye ken what I'm saying.

Our legends are full of stories of mighty warriors who
set out to find adventure and battle the forces of evil.
Swap the words "renown" and "Wyrm" in there, and

Fianna

ee

L

» you'll see why so many bairns are keen to head away from
home and fight the good fight elsewhere. Aye, to be sure
some do it for money as well as glory, but then you have
to buy you celebratory whisky somehow, right? It's not
like they can take a still with them wherever they go?

Of course, there's more tae it than just a desire for
a fight. Many Grandchildren often claim that their
wanderings are directed by Stag himself. A glimpse of
astag in the Umbra or here will lead them tae wherever
they are needed most. They'd define their role more as
Stag's chosen heroes than as questing young warriors.
Many of us would disagree, but there's no getting away
from the success they achieve sometimes.

There are downsides, of course. There's been more
than a few wee lost cubs fathered by Grandchildren,
who hadn't realized that the cute lass they'd bedded
that night was Kin. Hell, in this day and age, there's too
many Kin who don't know their own heritage. And
more than a few bands of Grandchildren tend to get
the same sort of welcome from the local werewolves
that the poor Rovers suffer. Still, when the Wyrm
raises its ugly head, there's few that will turn away a
good band of battle-hardened Garou.

There's strong links between the Dire and Rovers
and the Grandchildren. More often than not, if they
find a problem that needs dealing with that's nowhere
near one of our caerns, it'll be a band of Grandchildren
that pitches up ready tae deal wi' the problem. There's
more than a few Grandchildren to be found in the
Amazon, but many more have been called to Scotland
or the Balkans in the last few years.

A few grizzled veterans stay Grandchildren their
whole lives, but most eventually feel the pull o' a warm
fire and a warmer Kinfolk body to while away the long
winter nights. Still, it does our caerns' defenses no
harm at all to have seasoned old warriors like ex-

Grandchildren there.
iliteon of Dire

Now, it's difficult to talk of the Rovers without
mentioning the Children o' Dire in the same breath.
What the Rovers do for the lands 0' man, the Dire do
for the wild places. They're born of the land, and they
see it as their duty to protect it. Truth be told, they're
damn good at it too. A lupus understands the rhythms
of nature far better than any homid or mule, however
long we've lived in the Mother's arms.

Many of the lands we still hold, whether it's the
Highlands, the west coast of Ireland, northern Spain or
even the Appalachians, are thinly populated. As we
tend to stick close to our human relatives, the lupus
Garou and their Kin have to keep an eye on these areas
for us. They can cover more territory in the same

Sem ane Es EATER PERVERT Ne me

amount of time as any of the rest of us could do, and
they're better suited to surviving for weeks away from
the caern. They soon spot the patterns of disruption
amongst the prey that show that the Wyrm is lurking,
and then you ken what's next.

The other thing that the Dire are good at is teaching
us ignorant bastards what it's like to be a wolf. We'd be
hypocrites if we claimed to be close to our Kin and yet
didn't spend time amongst the wolves. Wild wolves are
ararity still in most of our lands, so the only animals we
canrun with are protected and hidden Kin and the lupus
themselves. There are a few "honorary" Dire — homids
who have spentso long running with the Dire packs that
they are almost accepted. Almost. They never accept
metis, though. Who can blame them? Not like the
deformed bastards truly belong anywhere pure.

Most Dire hold themselves apart from any particu-
lar caerns. They spend some of their time at one caern,
before traveling as a pack for some weeks or months.
Then they find another caern to call home for a while.
This leads to some mistrust from the locals, who see
them as a threat or disruptive element, but there ye go.
Some people are just bloody stupid.

The Dire, like so many other lupus groups, from
what I hear, are struggling wi' numbers a wee bit. We
do what we can, as I've already told ye, but unless we
can turn things around, we'll lose the Dire and that

bodes ill for all.

The Tiatha De Fiown

Now, at some point this evening yer gonna ask me
about the faeries, aren't you? Yeah, well done, hen.
That's right up there wi' Irish werewolf in the miscon-
ceptions we have to deal with. Y'know what. I've never
met a faerie, though I've seen a few, at a distance.
Same's true for most of the lads.

Hang on. | didna say that we don't have any
dealing with them. There's one group that specializes
in dealing with the Good Folk, and they go by the
name of the Tuatha De Fionn — that's Children of
Fionn, to you lass. You see, we know and work with the
fae, but we don't trust them. Any Fiann can tell you
tales of their ancestors being deceived by the fae and
nearly as many about being aided by them.

The fae are a strange and unpredictable bunch at
the best of times. Oh, some of them are beautiful and
some are great fighters, and they can be of help to us, but
I wouldn't like to get caught up in one of their games.
The Tuatha, probably the smallest of the camps, special-
ize in making the most of our old alliances, without it
costing us too much. Youcan't join the Tuatha. Ye have
tae be recruited by one of them who sees something in
you— some would call it faerie blood, others would call

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 51

eee, a

ie baci Sceips  esrtr dermal

» amr rs SOE eer Eanes encore arr sr ane rmunaneaumrensrole

it madness — that allows you to deal with the Good Folk
on something like equal terms.

They go through a long period of tutelage in the
ways and lore of the fae, before they're taken to
Arcadia Gateway, through the Umbra, for some basic
encounters with them. Only then are they allowed to
meet the Good Folk of this world. They end up a
strange lot, the Tuatha, and few of us trust them
entirely — not that I'll admit I said that once Moira
arrives. Still, the things we learn and the aid we get
from the fae makes tolerating these gits worthwhile.

On the side, they do their best to understand the
other beasties that stalk the nights, too: the wizards
and ghosties and Stag knows what else. Guid luck tae
them, too. Rather them than me, hen. I've arranged for
one of them tae have some chat wi' you later lass. I'm
sure that'll be a barrel of laughs.

The Mofbhert Firmdarmentabitt

Aye, now here's the tribe's dirty wee secret. The
Fundies are the embarrassing cousins we try not to talk
about. They're murdering bastards who sometimes
seem more like the Get than us. Probably the result of
intermingling of Kin or some such. These bastards
tried to build support in the heart of the tribe a wee
while ago by tying their banner to the cause of Irish
republicanism. They did a pretty damn good job of it
to. The stupider American members of the tribe — the
ones that think the Troubles are as simple as the
British oppressing the Irish — fell for it hook, line and
sinker. The fact that the Fundies were calling them-
selves the Eire Fundamentalists back them was a clever
move on their part, you're right lass.

The camp's numbers swelled, and they set to work
on loyalist Northern Irish and the British. The Brother-
hood was forced to try and protect our people, and got
cast as lackeys of the British government. A few of the
younger Garou got the wrong idea, and all of a sudden
we had the Fianna mimicking the human's struggles.
How bloody stupid was that? Then a few bands of
Grandchildren pitched in tae protect their Irish caern-
mates and we had a nasty situation for a while.

What happened? Two things. The peace process in
Northern Ireland, not to mention the Good Friday agree-
ment, took a lot of the wind of their sails. Then, the
problems up in Scotland started, and those people who
really wanted to dosomething about the Wyrm had bigger
targets than humans to worry about. The Eire Fundies
began to wither away... but nothing good ever lasts.

Truth be told, these Fundie fuckers are back,
under a new name and they still want to take us back
to the Impergium. Now, we were never great support-
ers of the worst of the human culling back then. From

5;

a

Tarroritte

There's no doubt that one thing that seems to
be a common thread in the Celtic cultures that
exist today, it's separatism. From the democratic
campaign of the Scottish Nationalist Party (SNP)
and Plaid Cmyru, to the terrorism of groups like
the Basque separatists ETA in Spain and the
mutually antagonistic Irish Republican Army
(IRA) and the Ulster Defense Force (UDF) in
Northern Ireland, a fight for their view of nation-
ality is almost a defining characteristic.

No wonder, then, that many Werewolf story-
tellers and players are drawn to stories told around
these events and fights. If you want to pursue that
line, there are anumber of things that you should bear
in mind. First of all, remember that in the eyes of the
Garou, these are petty human struggles, only a minor
symptom of the greater struggle against the Wyrm.

Secondly, remember that real people are killed
all the time as a result of terrorism. During the
preparation of this book, problems in the North-
ern Ireland peace process have led to bombs being
used on the British mainland by a splinter group
calling themselves the Real IRA. ETA killed people
in Spain. The World Trade Center fell in the worst
terrorist atrocity ever. People are dying in the real
world as the result of these political differences.
Don't belittle the deaths of innocent people by
over-simplifying the politics at work.

We have unabashedly separated the Fianna
from the mortal politics of Ireland in the revision
of the tribe for just this reason.

the tales I hear, we protected our own Kinfolk and
spent a token bit of time culling other folks. That's
one of the reasons why our Kin covered so much of
Europe once upon a time.

Most of all, though, I think we hate them 'cos they
get on so well with the Get. Murderous bastards, the lot
of 'em. Anyway, now they're back with a new name
and a call to kill all humans. Homid Red Talons. Just
what we need. And on that note, I'll bid you goodnight,
hen. I'll meet you up tomorrow, and I'll bring a few pals.

The Liany

Morning lass. Glad you could join us. Here's the
pack, ugly bastards that they are. Chuck over there's
our Galliard and his songs are good enough that we
forgive him for being American. Moira I mentioned
yesterday. And the surly Welsh sheep-shagger goes by
the name of Geraint Hunts-in-Holes, although we all

Fianna

cman <

|


-call him Gere. Now, is there anything you want tae ask
about? Ah, the Litany. Chuck?
Chuck "Sings-of-Home" McCormack gets annoyed:
Look you, don't you go questioning our commit-
ment to the laws of the Garou. You won't find a tribe
that is more staunchly committed to the Litany.

Garey Shab) Not Mate VUHG Garoy

Makes sense, doesn't it? If we could breed with
each other, we'd soon loose track of our other Kin, and
that would be a damn shame. Without our family we
have nothing to live for. Without family that aren't
part of the fight, there's no one to wait home for you,
that you don't want to disappoint by dying. That's a
Mother's wisdom for you. We breed mules as a living
reminder to not forget our Kinfolk.

Seer sence ers arrweseren ree een mee

Now, I'm not gonna lie to you, we birth our fair
share of mules. OK, OK, more than our fair share. It's
certainly common enough for two people who live and
fight with one another to fall for each other. It's hard
to keep those passions from becoming physical. Yeah,
it's all very well saying "shag some Kinfolk senseless
and get it out of your system" but sometimes that's not
enough. When you really love someone, and the
Fianna never do anything less, it's hard to even con-
template being with anyone else, let alone actually
making the beast with two backs with them.

No, it's not the failure of the parents of the metis. It's
the failure of the rest of us not to watch over each other,
to stop these problems before they lead to sex and bastard
babies, and ifneed be, to separate the two werewolves that
can't keep their genitals to themselves. There's not a sept
on the Mother that has so many Garou that she won't
accept another Fiann amongst their number. A new
home can always be found for some love-struck pup, well
away from the object of their affections.

Metis conceived in casual passion? Doesn't hap-
pen. That's what our Philodox watch for at moots. I
defy you to prove otherwise.

Geraint snorts: Yeah, right, Chuck. When did
you go blind?

Combat the Wyrm WVherever
4 Dueht And Whenever Ib
Frees

: Damn obvious. That's what
) we're here for. That's why we have
Kin in the scabs, and some caerns

there too. We might not like

them much, but there's jobs to be
done and sometimes the Gnawers
and Walkers just aren't enough.
Where the Wyrm goes, we go. When the
job's done, we go home.

Respect the Terrttory of Apotter

Also damn obvious. Why waste
resources fighting someone else's
fight? Why distract ourselves from
the enemy by fighting with the
other tribes? When we go visit-
ing, we respect the home of oth-
ers and treat them as we would
want out own homes treated.
Territory means more than just a
place, though. We understand that it
extends to breeding rights,
eA) too. You don't try it on with
another Garou's mate,
whether of this tribe or an-

NY

ee

|

other. The Kinfolk mates of humans or wolves are fair
game, though. They should be damn proud to bring up
a Garou cub, even if it isn't their own. You also stay
well away from the Kinfolk of another tribe, unless you
have their explicit permission to pursue the romance.
We have enough fights over breeding rights within our
own tribe, without getting into vendettas with others.

Atop an Honorabfe Surrender

This one only applies to other Garou. What do the
minions of the Wyrm know about honor? Once you
remember that, this is dead easy. There are so few of us
left that losing anyone to internecine conflict is just
dumb. Fight for dominance, sure. Just don't get pissed
with them and do it to the death.

Rab adds: Hey, we fight when pissed all the time.
What's wrong with fighting drunk?

Chuck replies: No, you Scots bastard, "pissed"
means angry in civilized countries.

Sibson to T Fave of Vligher Syaplon

Now, some would say that we have a problem with

this part of the Litany. We're an unruly lot at the best of —
~ forthe Mother, What do you think I am? A Red Talon?

times, and never entirely happy under any leader. Now,
I say that that's a good thing. By alwaysschafingvatthe
leash, as it were, we keep ouralphason theirtoes/Wehave

no right to let them become complacent and there's!a__
world of difference between testing an alpha and actually —
challenging her. We're doing them no service by being

completely compliant. Sometimes we serve them better

by giving them something to test their strength against,

The Pinst Sbare of the Kif
jor the Cireapatt In Spafton

Never understood why this is in there. The Great-
est in Station is in that position because he's the best
able to take the first share. This one happens without
us putting any effort in. Maybe it's just there as a
warning to young pups not to get themselves into
challenges that they can't deal with.

Yo Sia) Not Eat the Fjeth of urmanst

Or, you don't eat your family or their friends. That
means wolves, too, lest you forget. I know of a howled
version of the Litany that makes that very clear. There
are three good reasons for following this. First, eating
human flesh drives you mad. No, thank you. I've seen
the Wyrm Howlers. I'm not going there. Two, it really
scares the shit out of the Kin if they hear you're doing it:
bang goes any chance of getting laid. Three: From what
I hear —and this is Galliard talk, don't think I hang out
at the wrong restaurants — it tastes godawful. No
amount of whiskey takes it away. Never had it happen

tome. I pray to the Mother that I never get caught in the
Thrall of Wyrm and start eating long pork by mistake.

Thue Beneath Ya —
AtArs of lida

Common sense again. We're not here to fight for
our own sake, we're here to fight for the Mother and all
the things in the world and the Umbra that are part of
Her. It all comes back to remembering just what it is we
are fighting for, which those dumb-ass Get never seem
to remember. If everything is gone, but a few bloody
Garou at the end of the battle, it will be a hollow
victory indeed. No, we have to remember what we're
fighting for.

The Vill Iball Not Bo Life

2 Well, duh. We're fast, we're strong, but we're prob-
ably outnumbered hundreds of thousands to one by the

~ humans, if not more. Yes, they're scared of us. But like

us) they know tofight and kill the things that scare them.
Tf ever the Veil was lifted, even I don't relish the

_» opportunity to fight hundreds of heavily armored hu-

mans all at once. That's not my idea of a good way to die

The Véil's therélfor.a damn good reason: It lets us go
about our business without the humans getting in the
way, and that's a darn good thing.

DoNot Sy Gh %
fo Térd Thy "ne

rome the mn hardest part of the Litany to
keep. Your family and your pack naturally want to care
for you and look after you. That's part of what being a
Fiann is about. It can be really hard to say "no" to them
and take yourself off somewhere to die: either in battle
or alone with the Mother. However, if you love them,
you should do it. We have tasks enough in these last
days, without having to care for those who won't be
able to fight when it really counts. We're a warm-
hearted lot. It'd be a crime to take advantage of that.

The Leader ay Be Chabenged
atAny Time Duphag on"

"May be"? Should be, more like! Alphas should be
strong and they shouldn't be in place if they're not.
Now we all have good times and bad times. Constant
challenges make sure only those who are at their best
stay as alphas. If they're having a bit of a ropy patch,
then it's best that they step down until things are back
together for them. And if their replacement continues
to grow stronger? Well, that's all to the good of the
tribe. Look, dominance isn't a once and for all deal, it's
a constant battle that keeps the family strong.

54 Fianna

i

SSS

|


And besides, we all like a good fight. I've won a
decent fetish or two betting onsome dominance battles.

The Leader ay Not Be Chabenged
During Wartime

Common sense yet again. Fighting with each other
when there's any enemy to take down just wastes your
energy. Now, asa tribe we've made this mistake once two
often. Why do you think our Galliards spend half their
bloody lives telling the stories of great rivalries between
two Garou that always have a tragic ending? To stop
people making the same bloody mistake again, that's why.
Nothing worse than a Fiann who doesn't know when to
pick his moment, ifyouask me, and nothing more certain
to put a big old grin on one of the Wyrm's faces.

Ye Sal Take No Athlon
T Pat Causes a Caern fo Be Violated,

OrI'll smash your fucking head in. You don't let the
bad guy into your home. It's really as simple as that.
Now, caerns are far more than homes, they are the
sacred groves of the Mother and the place where we can
feel Her love, and anger, most clearly. Without them,
we lose our links to Her and our sense of family. This is
the one crime for which there can be no atoning in life.
A violator of this part of the Litany who is unrepentant
is put to death quickly, lest she taint any of the rest of us.
Someone who begs Stag's forgiveness may be granted a
quest by him — one that offers the miserable cur the
chance to redeem herself in noble sacrifice.

See sense rs areseren reams mee

Oh, and allowing acaern to be violated by inactiv-
ity is just as bad. That's why we've had to take caerns
off the hands of those other tribes who were unable to
defend them properly in the past. We didn't like doing
it, but we knew that it was our duty to our Mother and
we took comfort in that.

Moira adds: This goes double for the other things
out there in the night. No bloodsucker, wizard or other
thing gets anywhere near one of our caerns. If anyone
tells them about one, we'll hunt the traitor and their
friend down.

Geraint mutters: Not all of us agree with what
happened in the West, whatever Chuck says. Bloody
Americans.

Around foe Word
hreland,

You may laugh about us Americans but at least our
hearts are usually in the right place. You know, when-
ever a Fiann gets plastered in some dive somewhere in
the world and starts getting all misty-eyed about the
old country, usually they mean Ireland. Now, Stag's
Children may have had many homes, but few of them
mean as much to us as Ireland. Sure, only a small
proportion of the tribe have ever set foot there, let
alone been born there, but somehow we've tied up our
identity with that island.

2 i

_—_

a S


a ssran SEnig R cRTER oFRMA STS oT A FTN AT

Several of our most important caerns are in the old
country — Tara and the Tri-Spiral are probably the
most prominent, but there are plenty more. It's the
only country in the world that we can say is Fianna
territory without fear of contradiction. That's not to
say there aren't werewolves of other tribes there.
They're just in a minority.

There's plenty going on there to keep us busy, too.
Yeah, I do mean the Troubles, if you want to call them
that. I could use choicer words. This isn't the time and
the place to go into the politics of it, but if you think
it's as simple as conquering English and oppressed
Irish, you're an idiot. Much of it is driven by sectarian
religious strife, between Catholics and Protestants.
Throw in imperialist history, nationalistic dreams and
a few extremists, and you've got a nasty mix.

Now, it's true that a few young Fianna have gotten
themselves involved in this sort of nonsense. It nearly
destroyed some of our oldest camps, that did, until
some inspired Ragabash hit on a way of shaking them
out of it. She took them on a tour of the sites of
sectarian violence in Ireland, and the UK mainland.
When any Fiann worth his salt sees the Wyrm mon-
strosities feeding on the misery and terror created, they
soon change their minds about involving themselves
in the humans' struggle.

A few years ago, you could rely on Tara to send the
forces you needed to deal with the mess left behind
after a shooting or a bombing, but nowadays, with that
idiot in charge, it's up to the local caerns to get things
sorted out. A few people have put forward the idea that
the troubles are the Wyrm's way of getting a foothold
in our homeland. | don't believe that. The Troubles are
something the humans do all on their own. The Wyrm
just takes advantage.

The Uptjed Xtngdom

The UK, or Britain, or Albion or whatever the hell
you want to call it used to be all ours, until the bastard
Get came in with their Saxon Kin and made them-
selves at home.

ngpard

The southern part of England is wrapped up tight
in the Weaver's webs, and we spend more time fighting
her than the Wyrm down there. Have you ever stepped
sideways in the heart of London? I wouldn't recom-
mend it. | hear that there's a city caern hidden in one
of the parks in the center of the city, but after a nasty
fight with a leech some years back, the locals are damn
secretive about exactly where it is. Can't say as I blame
them. It can't be easy defending it.

56
_

You head north, into the Midlands and you're into
Wyrm territory. The legacy of the heavy industry that
used to be there has left many areas a patchwork of
Wyrm pits and other nasty shit. We and the Get work
reasonably well together there, simply because we have
no damn choice. It's a tough fight at the best of times.

England's pretty much ours these days. Sure, there
are Get about, but who gives a stuff about them? Oh,
and there used to be some Fangs as well, but the Wyrm
got them. Last time we'll have to drag their butts out
of the fire.

Walt

The Welsh Fianna are something of a law unto
themselves. The Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd, as they call
themselves, have adistinctly different culture from the
rest of the tribe. While they retain our love of song and
music, their Galliards tend to have a more somber bent
than ours. Some have accused the whole group of
being on the edge of Harano, others of being all
Ragabash, but I think that's overstating the case. From
the little time I managed to spend in one of their caerns
some miles north east of Abertawe, I think they
celebrate their life as Garou as much as the rest of us.
They just tinge it with a melancholy that comes from
the knowledge of their eventual doom.

If | interpreted their stories right, and that might
not be the case, for they seem to speak an archaic
version of the Garou tongue, they believe that they
were here before the rest of the Fianna, and they will
be there long after we have gone. Then the world will
become something else, and Luna will choose them as
her champions once more. Yeah, I'm summarizing
here, but their legends and views of the world are
distinctly different from ours. For them, it's enough to
protect the land they have and their Kin. The Apoca-
lypse is a battle to be fought by others. As a result,
they're very insular, holding caerns in the heart of
Wales, which is thinly populated at best.

Geraint splutters with laughter: You've fallen for
afew lies, there, boyo. Now while it's beena little while
since I've been home, | can tell you that not all the
Welsh Fianna are Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd. They're
more of a small, regional camp centered around a few
caerns in the center and north of Wales. The rest of us
are little different from the mainstream Fianna.

Perhaps the biggest problems we face are the
legacy of the long years of mining in Wales. The whole
country's riddled with mines, a good number of which
have been grabbed by the Wyrm or the Howlers.
They're hard to find at the best of times, so many of our
septs make a point of checking out abandoned pits as
and when they can. It's a dangerous game, though.

Fianna

————— ee


Sher Tara

In the days between the coming of the Garou to Eire
and the coming of Christianity, there were three great
fortresses called Tara. Of Iron Tara, the palace of human
kings, nothing more than grass-mantled mounds remain.
Another, also known as "High Tara," was the seat of
power of the Daoine Sidhe; at the time of the Shattering,
it slipped into the mists of the Dreaming. The third,
variously called Middle Tara, Silver Tara
("Airgetteamhair") or simply Tara, is the seat of the High
King of the Fianna Tribe of the Garou. Tara is the spiritual
heart of the tribe, a caern of Honor devoted to both Stag
and Danu, and the tribes most sacred place.

The complex that is Tara sits atop a hill rising to 200
feet above the surrounding plain. Seven great earth-and-
stone ramparts circle the hill. Each of the seven gates is
faced with silver and hung with the heads of vanquished
foes. The main palace is surrounded by several smaller
(yet still quite large) outbuildings, including guest quar-
ters and storehouses. A round tower provides a home for
any Corax that might choose to visit.

The main building is a massive 2-story edifice com-
prised of five great stone-and-timber halls, each bedecked
with gorgeous tapestries and trophies (weapons, banners,
skulls...). Even the massive timbers are decorated with
exquisite knotwork.

The northern hall, called Ulster Hall, is an assembly
area that has oft echoed with songs of battle. Connacht
Hall (West) is an equally impressive great banquet hall
capable of seating 200. The Leinster Hall (East) and
Munster Hall (South) are devoted to games, music, and
workshop space. The largest, Meath Hall — located in
the center — is the meeting place of the High King's
court. Each hall is lavish, with tapestries and trophies
adorning the walls, and fine knotwork carved into each
stone and timber.

Tara is difficult for the uninvited to find. Tara is
hidden by numerous Gifts and faerie glamours of exceed-
ing power, overlaid by many magical spells both ancient
and fresh. Further, the totems of the caern are powerful
protection in their own right. Thus it is that Tara has
never been seen on an aerial photo, and that no English
lord or real estate agent has ever thought to claim the
property for development. It is the rarest of occurrences
for any to cross the bawn save Fianna or trusted allies.

Should an enemy navigate through the magical bar-
tiers, there are other alarms. For instance, set into the
walls of Meath Hall are four alcoves filled with four heads
of fallen heroes, one for each of the four directions. On the
edge of the bawn of Tara, four small stone caerns cover the
skulls of four more heroes, facing outward to the four
directions. Should an enemy cross the bawn, the head

representing that direction shrieks and wails, warning the
warriors of impending attack.

The great assembly of the righs occurs once every
three years, but all the great rites and moots are observed,
and there's never a night without stories and song. For
many Fianna, a night at Tara is a high point of their lives.
The storyteller who is asked to perform finds it both a
great honor and a challenge — after all, with some of the
greatest living Fianna — and sometimes fae! — as your
audience, one has to excel just to impress. In the hall most
nights is the eldest of all Fianna, the High Songkeeper
Barr O'Callahan. He's collected tribal lore for well over a
hundred years; Galliards from around the world come to
seek lore and trade stories from his still-nimble lips, and
not just from the Fianna either.

Non-Fianna Garou are exceptionally rare in Tara,
usually visiting in times of War or other crises. A few
Silver Fangs have supped in the Connacht Hall, as have
the occasional Child of Gaia, Silent Strider, and Star-
gazer. The Fianna say, with a touch of pride, that no Get
or Shadow Lord ever set foot inside the bawn of the King's
Palace. One Black Fury found her way to Tara, an event
still talked about with a mixture of humor and consterna-
tion. Of the other shifters, only the Corax are present;
always Fianna-friends, the raven folk make invaluable
scouts and lorekeepers — not to mention someone for
New Moons to blame pranks on. Two or three are always
in residence.

As fae and Fianna are linked by blood and oaths, it's to
be expected that the Fair Folk are often seen around the
great halls. Since Bron took the Torc of Kingship, emissar-
ies from many houses and kingdoms have been welcomed
to Tara. To the Fianna as a whole, the most notable fae is
a mountain ofa troll known as Niall of the Hundred. When
Bron became Ard Righ, Niall entered the great hall and
offered himself as the king's bodyguard, of all things. Bron
politely refused, saying his own pack of Ahroun would take
offense. Exactly three moons later, Niall again appeared in
the hall, this time swinging a dozen Black Spiral heads
above his head on an enormous chain. Bron decided his
Ahroun would just have to get over it, and agreed to Niall's
offer. Niall bound himself to the protection of his new lord
with the strongest oaths (those in the hall swear the very
earth shook in recognition of the troll's pronouncements).
No Fianna knows why the troll chose such an unprec-
edented guardianship, but anyone not daunted by the
diamond-tough armor and monstrous broadaxe would still
think twice before crossing the seven-foot, rock-hard giant
that wears and wields them. Still, there are quiet grumblings
about the influence of the unpredictable and often danger-
ous fae on the High King.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 57

>, alan tea

uae,


pase re sa ra OR RE SAP A STR aL

Sobland,

Rab, I don't dare talk about your homeland with
you here. You take the floor, you randy old wolf.

Rab holds forth: Thank you, ye emasculated pup.
Now, Scotland, the land where ye stand, has always
been a problem to us. Right now, it's because the
bastards we kicked out of the joint are coming back,
and in numbers. We lost a caern or two to them in
recent years, and no I'm not telling you which ones and
when, lass, so stop looking hopeful. We'll be taking
them back ourselves, thank you, and you'll be helping
us do just that tonight.

Anyway, we think we've figured out what it is that
the Spirals want. Y'see, Scotland is the heart of the oil
industry in Europe. There's been a whole series of little
"accidents" of late, and I think they're trying to wake
up the Wyrm beasties we put to sleep centuries ago by
turning the country into something they'd appreciate,
if you get my drift, lassie. The one thing that really
gives me the willies is the thought that they'll wake the
Ard Cruimh Beithfoch, a fucking nightmare of a
Wyrmspawn the songs say we fought not long after the
Howlers fell. Now, the packs that watched the Mile
Deep Loch, the last bastion of the Howlers in Scot-
land, and the only place we weren't able to truly
cleanse, have been missing for a wee while, so you'll
understand why we're getting so jumpy about the
Highlands. I think you'll see a lot of Fianna blood spilt
in Scotland in the coming months — and a lot more
from Wyrmish bastards.

Cyrope

Thanks for that, Rab. Now, lass, I've no doubt you
know more about what's happening on the continent
than we do, but there's a few things worth noting from
this Fiann's perspective. The first is that small numbers
of Fianna and Kin can be found all over the continent.
It was once all our territory, and there are always a few
die-hards who never give up their territory. Us Rovers
keep in contact with them and let them know what's
happening in the wider world. Most are more caught up
in the affairs of their sept than those of the tribe, though.

Northern Frapce

We actually hold a few caerns in Britanny in
northern France. Not many, but there's enough of our
blood left in some of the people of the region to birth
enough Garou each generation to keep them secure.
The area's fairly rural, which suits the Fianna there.
Now, it's nominally Fang territory in France, but I got
to tell you lass, they're losers to a wolf. Whatever
respect we had for them fell when the British Fangs fell,
and now we're doing our best to make sure no one
suffers when the French guys follow them.

58
as

To be honest, I have a lot of time for the French
Fianna. They tend to be a bit more, well, considered in
their enjoyment of life. Less quantity, more quality,
that sort of thing.

Rab sneers: You mean they don't screw around?

Chuck replies: Gaia, no. They do screw around,
they're just a bit more picky about who they do the
dirty with.

Northern JShalo

Yeah, believe it or not there are Spanish Fianna.
The Basque people have a link to the Celts of old and
a few of them carry our blood, too. We hold a few
caerns scattered across the country. To be honest, the
Spanish Fianna have fallen pretty far from the tree.
The same respect for the life we have is there, but you
wouldn't recognize many of their traditions. I'm sure
that they separated from the rest of us a long time ago,
maybe before many of our current ways of behaving
evolved. I'm guessing, mind. They actually involve
Kin in the rites far more than we would ever consider.
Still, it works for them, so I shouldn't knock it.

North America

Now, you guys are probably gonna get pissy about
this. but if Ireland is the tribe's spiritual home, America
is its real home. I'm sure there are more of us in the US
and Canada than there are in the whole of the UK.
Sorry, guys, them's the facts. We can be found in all
parts of the continent, with particular concentrations
in Appalachia and around Boston in Massachusetts.

There's a healthy number of Fianna-only caerns
all across the continent, many of which we've held
since the days of the Old West. There's also at least one
Fiann in most caerns, even some of the urban ones. I
don't know what it is about us Irish Fianna, but we
breed like rabbits. We're pretty passionate about our
heritage and culture in the US, too. Fianna caerns are
a riot of kilts, knotwork and traditional Celtic ways.
Maybe it's because we have to fight harder over there
to hold onto our cultural identity, but our caerns
probably meet most non-Fianna's idea of Celtic better
than the British ones do.

Rab mutters: And bad Oirish accents. Bloody
Plastic Paddies.

Chuck laughs: You can mock all you like, Rab, but
the British used to dress up like Romans at the height of
the Empire. For some reason successful human cultures
always seek affirmation from an idealized past. The
Garou that breed with them tend to pick up the same
habits. And you're not going to try to argue that the
Americans aren't the most successful race on earth?

Rab snipes: Yeah, but they only distill their
whisky once. We Scots, impatient as we are, wait for

Fianna

—inmimnnmon€€


‘two distillations. And those Irish whiskeys are distilled
three times. Aaah, smooth fire.

Jouth Atwerhoa

Thanks for that lesson, Rab. Anyway, let's move
on to South America. There's not a whole load of
Fianna down there, but there's a few. Mainly, our
youngsters are drawn to the Amazon War in the hope
of winning some glory for themselves. The fact that
none of them seem to have risen to any position of
prominence is down to that Fenris bastard Golgol
Fangs-First. There's nothing | hate more than a bigot,
and I hear that he carries the anti-Fianna prejudices of
his people to excess. Too many fine youngsters of the
tribe have died fighting his war for him. If ]had my way,
I'd stop any more of us joining the fight. It's not as if
we're short of battles to fight elsewhere.

Wer Pw

Over the last century or so, we've spread. The British
conquered half the globe, and we went with them. You'll
be surprised where a group of Kinfolk and even the odd
caern of Fianna will turn up. Even if we're not there in
sufficient numbers to hold a caern, there are few places in
the world where you won't find a Fiann or two.

Ata

I have one word to say to you that sums up Asia for
us: Firehair. The Firehair family has lived in and around
Beijing for centuries. They're descendants of Irish sail-
ors — or was it Spanish? — who settled there in the 17th
century and who have never bothered to come home.
Like all of us, they're a sociable bunch and they are
responsible for what little we know of the Eastern Fera.
Last time I met up with one of them on the West Coast
of the USA, she mentioned that they've begun to talk
to the Eastern fae, which are called hsien or something.

Moira shows interest: Really? Is it worth me
getting in contact?

Chuck resumes: Yeah, I'd say so. Anyway, apart
from them, Asia is pretty much a Fianna-free zone.
That's why all the shifters there are so goddamn
serious, I guess.

Apso

Africa, on the other hand, is pretty much devoid
of Fianna on an organized basis. That's not to say that
there aren't some of us there — a few Kin descended
from colonial Brits who headed out there back in the
UK's expansionist days give birth to Fianna once in a
while, but we're hardly numerous on the continent.
Probably for the best, too, I hear; the only Garou who
manage to hang out there for more than a few moons
without getting killed by the angry local Fera are Red
Talons and Silent Striders. And that tends to tell me

Se saen.re er eraser en PENSE Nn me

that a werewolf tribe that actually has some numbers
going for it wouldn't be welcome in the least.

Austfripa

We're much more numerous in Australia. More
than a few of our Kin ended up, umm, how can I put
this? They were given free passage by the British courts
down there and spent a few years, umm, serving the
crown. Of course, many more followed in later years, so
we're well represented down there. It's a situation very
similar to America, without the particular concentra-
tions of Fianna Kin. We're scattered across the conti-
nent in a fairly even way and you're as likely as not to
find a couple of Fianna at any particular caern.

Does that mean that we were involved in the
death of the Bunyip? Yeah, well, we probably were.
While it's a loss that they've gone, I can't help but
think that they must have deserved it. | mean, were our
ancestors any more bloodthirsty than we are? I doubt
it. They had their reasons. If only more of them were
preserved in song, that's what I say.

Relabonthjps

Rab speaks:

Thanks, Chuck. You're a decent guy for a Yank.
Now lass, I'll hand ye over to Moira for the rest of the
morning. As soon as you and she are done, we're off
back to the caern. We'll be heading out soon, and
there's hard work tae be done. Keep it short, Moira.

Ober Tra

Moira McLeish speaks:

Thank you, Rab. Now, if ye can keep yer gob shut
for the next hour, we can have a sensible talk, girl to
girl. Now, I'm sure you could teach me a thing or two
about politics. We Fianna wear our hearts on our
sleeves, so we're not great at it. We tend to speak as we
think and think as we find. That makes life with the
other tribes a wee bit heated at, times, but we get by.

Lack Fier

Fierce ladies, these. Nobody candeny their lust for
battle, passion and reverence for their history. They
may have spread all over the world, but they still know
where theirhomeland is, and that we cantrespect. Hell,
they even watehovertheir Kinfolkswith a determina-
tion that puts a few Fianna to shame. The problem is
that we can't help but feel that they miss half the
picture. Men are fine things, truth be told, and I hate
to go for more than a week or so without their com-
pany. Cutting one sex out of the equation means you
miss half of the picture. As a mother loves her sons and
daughters equally, so does Gaia. The Furies would do
well to remember this.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 59

ee

ONS

|

2 eer ac SSSA AA AR PRR esarcda

Bone Cvawers

Before I say anything about the Gnawers, and just
so you don't get the wrong idea, I just want to point out
that as far as we're concerted, ifyou ain'tddéing things
with your Kin and Mother Gaia in mind, you ain't
doing anything worthwhile. If you've got. thatyyou'll
understand where we're coming from on the Bone
Gnawers. | knowavlot of the other tribes look down on
them, but-they take the fight to the heart of the scabs
and find the hope in every city. They, as well as we do,
know that there's Kin of every tribe in the Seabs, more
or less. We like to keep an eye on our Kin, wherever
they be. When in town, we hang out with the Bone
Gnawerss. Simple as that. They're welcoming, they're
not stuck up, they'll help you out, and you'll hear some
great stories round their fires. Shame about the muck
they call a good drink, though.

tipster of Cala

[kinda like the Gaians. I mean, much of what they
stand for I can agree withwUniityybetween the tribes?
About bloody times We're running out of time to sort
that out, y'know, and any help on that mission is
welcome. That's why you're here. A bit more under-
standing? Aye, the Garou Nation would be better for
that. They likeasmile, asong and a joke as muchas the
rest of us, and Islove them dearly for"it. They're
welcome in my home, such that it'ijanytime.

But, welly umm, they'rekinda, well; wet, y'know?
No passion to them. They remind me of the sissy types
we used to kick around at school. To,them love is the
gentle, warming flame of a torch. Tolus it's the blazing
heat of the bonfire. Get some good whisky in their
belly to give them some fire, and the right Kin to warm
their beds at night, and we'd make real Garou out of
them yet. Truth be told, | wouldn't mind spending a
few nights with some of their Kin myself. He can put
his healing hands all over me, anytime.

Git of Fewrks

My Da always told me_that if yow*haven't got
anything good to say, don't say ariything at all. OK, I
do havé something good to say. If you're in a fight,
thére's no one-bettérito have atyou back. We learnt
that centuries ago when we took down.the Wyrm
Howlers togetherwD just thinkiwell... they'te &load of
misguided bastards who are in danger of doing more
harm than good. Now, as you've guessed, I Have .a
problem with the Get. Most of us do. It's not just down
to the fact they,stole half our caerns in England once
upon a timé. No, it runs little deeper than that.

Yeah. we're heré to fight. That's why the Mother
gave birth tous) right? But fighting isn't an end in its
own right!The fiercest warrior is one who fights for her

60 Fianna

\ inion

home, her love and her people. If she knows she goes
home to a good meal, a better drink and a warm, sexy
bod to keep the nights fun, she'll give everything to
tear apart that bastard on the battlefield and walk
home with all her bits in working order. There's too
few of us left to throw away our lives needlessly. The
Get need to get off their bloody Warrior Thug trip and
remembers why we're fighting this bloody battle.
Yeah, they're good warriors and some of their Kin
are as sexy as fuck, but would you have anything to talk
to them about in the morning? I don't think so.
Miserable bastards toaman. That includes the women.

Glau Wifkers

Now, while I have.a,worldyof tite for the Bone
Gnawers, | can't quite summon up the same respect for
the Walkers. Why? Well, while the Gnawers can find
the Wyld in even the most Weaverish of place, the
Glass Walkersjust don't seem té'betable.to see beyond
the Weaver's webs. We've lost too many of our ances-
tral lands to the bitch spider's webs, and the Walkers
just goon helping her. I gatheryou were in Glasgow the
other day — wellyou can see why we have issues with
the Glass Walkers. Same with London, if you've ever
been there. A festering scab of a place if ever I saw it
and the fact we lost a.good few packs there some years
back doesn't help my opinion. Now, if the Glass
Walkers just stopped fantasizing about jumping the
Weaver's bones and got back to using her tools to heal
the damage done to the Wyld} then we'd welcome
them with open arms. But they just don't seem to be
doing it.

Red Titlont

A Talon can sing a beautiful howl, full of loss,
anger and rage. Running with them bringsithe Mother's
lands alive to you like no other expérience can: They
guard their kinfolk with a passion that exceed$)our
own. And they fight the Wyrmwith a dedication that
matches the Get's. What's not to admire?

Well, there's their hatred of humanity for.orie.
Their inability to recognize humans as Kinfolk has
brought us to blows with the Talons more.than once,
particularly in Spain. It's a bit like the Furies, I suppose.
They have theirown littlérole in theSong, but they've
become so obSessed_by it, that they've forgotten how
other howls buildswith it to make something greater.

I certainlythink theWalons have a role to play in
society, that of reminding some of the tribes how
important the part‘of us that is wolf is to our battles.
However, it falls to us, who never forgot that, to
remind themithat the Mother made us half human for
areason. It'snot an easy task, but we've never shirked
from a hard task.


Viadow Lord

Now, please don't take this the wrong way, but we
haven't always had the best of relationships. It's just
that we Fianna areajpretty straightforward, cards-on-
the-table Sort of bunch, And you Shadow Lords, well,
you play things very clo8e/to your chest, don't you? |
wouldn't go as fab.as to"say that wé don't trust you,
because Wekknow thatiyou're Gafou and.aspposed to
the Wyrm as were, it's just'that,well, we'd prefer you
to béaebitmore open about what. you'r doing. And
yeah, there's some history between our tribes.

StillKonietzko has gone a long.way to undoing
that damage. There's no doubt thathe's achieved some
pretty major victories against the Wyrm and that he's
keeping our Galliards busy as he directs new campaigns
against the Wyrmholes that litter Europe. Truth be
told, he's the reason we're talking to you know. Yeah,
many of the elders still wouldn't trust him as far as they
could throw him, but some of the rest of us respect that
fact that he's willing to do whatever needs doing to get
the job done. You can't argue with that.

MSVert Sttders

I've spent many weeks in the company of Striders,
and I've rarely regretted it. Like a Whispering Rover,
they tell tales of places that I may never see and battles
that I will never experience. They're free with their
tale telling, too, seeing it as fair return for our hospital-
ity, and.that's a good attitude in my eyes. Aye, I have
time forthe Striders. It can't ben easylifeacting as the
messengers, of the Garou.

They can'tseem tosettle down, Which is ashame.
I'm lead to tiadétstand that it's not a decision of their
choosing, and that's a powerful shame. Stag knows
what they did to deserve such a fate, but surely nothing
short of giving in to the Wyrm could rate a punishment
so severe that it has gone on this long? pity them, and
would go out of my way to make them feel welcome, for
at least a while.

That said, many of us don't trust them. Why?
Well, it's their totem, Owl. The owl has connotations
of evil and bad luck in our lore, and more often than
not a Strider arrives in our caerns with evil and bad
luck close on their heels. You can see why some of us
make the connection, can't you?

Jif Farge bm ae
It saddens me heart, but I think their time is past.
We've watched the noble houses collapse, the ambas-
sadorsto Tara grow ever more demanding and arrogant
and the whole tribe lose their grip on the good fight.
Now, it may be true thatKing Albert What's*his-face
in America isdoing some good stuff butHe's probably
the lastigood leader the tribe will produce /f it's true

Seance eeuare. re ani Nen aes

that all the Garou that will fight in the Final Battle
have already been born, well then, I doubt a Silver
Fang will lead us onto the plain of the Apocalypse.

The thing that doesn't sit easy with me is that they
just expect to rule us. They don't expect to have to
prove it — they\just think it should come naturally.
Well, frankly, they, can fuck off and¢ome back when
they've done something that'll make the Galliards sit
up and take noticé» We respect'a good king, who rules
well. We loathe a tyrant who demands our obedience
rather than winssit?

SyargazePt

You don't ruff od on your family:

Well, what more do you want me to say? Family is
everything, and they ran out on us. Truth be told, I
wasn't keen om them to start with. Their way of self-
restraint and airy-fairy mysticism wasn't for me. Re-
minds me too much of the sort of nonsense some of the
yanks — no offense, Chuck — try and claim is our
Kin's culture. Let 'em go. It's not like they were much
use while they were here.

Ujena

Look, I don't want to sound like a bigot, but the
more time you spéndparound a burich of people, the
more you comé tounderstand them. Often, you come to
identify withthem. Nothing wrong with that you might
say. True enough, when you spend you time around kith
and Kin. Whenyotispendyou tifieguarding the Wyrm's
fallen minions and other, stranger things, well'Do 1
need to spell this out for'you? They do a job that needs
doing, but they do it to excess. We split stewardship of
the bound spirits and recaptured Wyrm Howler caerns
in Scotland with the Get; so asifi0t to leave any of us too
exposed to the things within. The Uktena don't share
their burden. Therefore, they're a risk.

Wendgo

Yeah, well. They don't like us. I mean, they really
don't like us. As in: won't talk to us, won't work with
us, want nothifigitodo with us. Yeah, we have history.
Sowhat? That was centuries ago. No one who wasalive
theniis alivemow. We're willing to move on, if they're
willing to forget. Maybe they should take.the-time'to
listen tosome of our songs.,Theyswéren't exactly doing
a good job of looking after those caerns we took. We
tried to help, and they@idn't like it one bit. Given the
choice Betweensléaving a caern in their hands and
seeing it fall, or taking it from them, I know what
choice I'd make. There's a lot that isn't talked about
from the days of the old West. Perhaps it's about time
we did start talking about it again, so we could start
healing these old wounds. We're doing our bit. When
are they going to start doing theirs?

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 61

>, "nals ire imams

NG

ne

|

The Fara

Of course, we're not the only of the Mother's
children in the world. Too many of them have left Her
family and turned to the Wyrm, but the others survive.
They're our bastard cousins at best, but a few of them
might be able to help us out in the coming days. Just
don't expect a warm family reunion anytime soon, lass.

Ararat

Now, from what I've heard, the spider folk are a
curious lot. My guess is that it's down to being part
spider — I mean, spiders eat their young and each
other after sexand stuff, don't they? That's one warped
set of values tae try and work into your mind, isn't it?
That's probably why we*have'no, idea what purpose
they setve. mean, everyone knows we're the Mother's
warriors and the Corax are Her eyes, etc, etc. What do
the spiders do?

One thing! do know for sure is that the buggers get
everywhere and that they're really hard to keep track
of. 1 can't say as I've heard many tales of the Ananasi,
but those I've come actoss are from all over the world.
So, they're widespread and we don't know a lot about
them. It's not exactly comforting, is it lass?

Chuck growls: I heard they all served the Wyrm
these days.

Moira refutes that: Not what I hear, laddie. As
far as | know, they're more likely to be found serving
the Weaver.

Rab muses: Maybe there's more than one type,
serving different aspects? Dunno really. I'll judge them
as I find them. Not like I've had to yet.

Zatlof

I'm rather afraid that they're,finally gone from the
world. A year or so back, we found a whole load of
werecat corpsés tipmnear Caithness. Now, I'm glad that
they diedfighting the Wyrm Howlers, but I'mnot sure
I'm happy that they lost so badly. More than one pack
has come back from the Highlands with reports of
Bastet fighting for the other side. | hope they haven't
followed the Howlé#s into the Wyrm's embrace.

Now, | hear the werekitties are More numerous in
other parts of the world: South American and Africa,
appaténtly. I'm sure they do a good job down there.
Me?I couldn' véare less really. I've never met a live one
and I can't see what use they'd be to us anyway.

Rab'butts in: Well, now, you say that, lass, but
was there when we found the bodies in Caithness. Ifall
of them fight as hard as that lot did before*they died,
they might just be some use to us after all. I ain't
volunteering to go looking for them, though.

62 Fianna

Chuck adds: Well, I've met Garou who definitely
claim to have met the cat-Fera in other parts of the
world: South America, Africa, those sorts of places. |
imagine they're pretty pissed with us, but as long as
they stay where they belong, I really don't care.

Cora

We and the Corax are old friends. The sight ofone
ofthe feathered lads dropping in at a moot tolet some
juicy tidbit drop warms our heart, because we know
that there's @good brawl in the offing» We're not bad
at rooting out the. Wyrm on our own, but the Corax
beat us hands downsNaevdoubt about it. They can
sniff, or whatever the hell they do, out the Wyrm
better than any other creature.on the face of Mother
Gaia. If you want to keep up with your Litany commit-
ments, listen to a Gorax whenever you can.

We didn't justtturn a blindeye to the Corax during
the War of Rage, we actively protected them. There's
usually one of two in and out of Tara all the time. All
the best Ard Righs know that listening to them is the
key to success for the tribe. | wonder if Bron's finally
twigged to that yet?

Geraint muses: What Moira didn't mention is
that they're hopeless in a fight. That breeds resent-
ment in some idiots, but most of us know better.

Gordf

They _tutned on us, right? Wayback when, they
sold us out to the Wyrm and we hunted them down and
wiped out the lot of them, like\we should have done
with the Howlers. That's a story our bards still sing
with pride. Bears are fearsome creatures when roused,
but even they can fall to a pack of Fianna working
together. Thereywere some mighty.deeds done and
some great songs that, came out of those fights. The
War of Rage became a terrible thing, and no\mistake,
but there's little doubt in my"mind that the Gurahl
deserved everything that they got.

Rab supports her: Aye, they betrayed us and they
died. Pity more of them Fera didn't take notice.

Geraint adds: The Mother mightiyet surprise us
all, though. I've heafd some tales...

Nokofé

Okay. Not sure I can help you onthis one. Chuck?

Chuck helps out:,Welly 1 couldn't say that I've
ever met one, but'l do hear from friends Ltruist that the
Dragon-Changers are still in the world. f once heard a
Galliard sing a song of the world before 6ur-own, of a
time quite unlike anything our own legends orthose of
the humans and it was a thing of aching beauty that
brought me to tears. Stop the sniggering, Rab, or I'll
tear you several new ones.


I asked the bard where she'd learnt the song and
she said that she'd picked it up during a spell in the
Amazon, picking at the Wyrm's forces there with her
pack. She got evasive when I pressed her for details, but
she did say that there are things.out there with memo-
ries that make ours' logk like thesrecollections of a
goldfish. I'd bet a*hundred bucks that was a Mokolé
song. Any takers?

Nagab

Weresnakes? You're kidding, right? This is some
sort of obscute "St. Patri¢k driving the snakes from
Ireland" joke? Look, Le heard too many half-cocked
tales of Fera that were supposedly wiped out in the War
of Rage to believe/in weresnakes. | can believe in the
dragon folk, but serpentine shifters? You'll be telling
me that there were werepigs next.

Rab adds: Weregerbils! Werefrogs! Weresnakes!
Not a bloody chance.

Niwktha

Oh, Gaia. The,Nuwisha. Why on earth did the
Mother create an entire racé%of Ragabash? Does every
single thing we do need to be pulled apart and ques-
tioned?) dinna know how to deal wi' them most of the
time, lass, arid there's the.truth. In their.faver, you
never get more than one at once and when they decide
to take on the Wyrim's forces you can enjoy the look of
surprise‘on the fomor's face as he dies. They also like a
laugh,/a drink and a dace as muth as any of us.

The problem? Well, they're so. !%

Rab dives in: Annoying?Damnrightjhen. That's
why I loye'em, especially the Old'Man. They'te.always
a laugh and they stop people likeyyou from taking
yourself too seriously.

Rutt

Dirty littletfuckers. hese bastards breed in the
sewers faster than rabbits on Viagra. There's no count-
ing how many of them there are down there. Now, I'd
normally nothave a problem with this, other than they
have a feal hard-on for killing off humans. When
randomslaughter of our Kinfolk is concerned, I tend to
lose my sense of humor. A lot of the time I'd be right
behind the rats, ifonlythey'd bea little triore discrimi-
nating in choosing theintargets.

Rab adds: Aye, they'réwee*bastards all right, but
the longer I spend in some scabs, the more Lagree with
them. The sooner they wipeLondon from the face of
the earth, the better, that's what Say.

Rokea

Well now, weresharks soundas if they should be up
there with weresnakes, don't they? Well, I have it on

good authority that they're real. A Rover | knew a wee
while back gave me some chat. One of the things he
told me was that he once hitched a ride across the
Atlantic in a small yacht. They picked up an SOS from
another craft and went to investigate. Y'know what he
found down below, well away from the sea itself? Bite
marks. Bite marks that werethesspitting image of those
sharks leave. The crew! of the abandoned vessel —
those that they could find — were torn and bitten
apart. Most of the bodies were missing! Whatever the

Sounds like some hitene woulddo, doesn't it?
that the old stories were true in this Case, wouldn't you,
lass? The Rokea are the Garou of the sea.

Geraint reacts: Really? That's quite frighten-
ing. I'd never thought of the Wyrm being in the
sea. There's a lot of it to protect. Maybe we should
get involved.

Rab registers disgust: As if we didn't have enough
problems of our own. Pah. Mind you, if they could help
out with those refineries in the North Sea, then we
might have more of a fighting chance here.

The Fae

Well, lass, one thing Rab probably didn't tell you
is that I'm with the Tuatha — that's why I know so
much about the other things out there in the night. I
hear tell that you want to know about the fae in
particular. I have one piece of advice for you: keep
away. If you don't like that advice, and I can see it in
you eye that you don't, listen well to what I have to say.

You wouldn't know it from the way some Fianna
talk today, but we've always been close to the fae.
There's a certain amount of overlap between our Kin,
and we've lived alongside each other long enough
that some of us claim we share faerie blood. I don't
know if that's true or not and I'm not sure that it
matters any more.

The fae are not what they once were. First, they
can't exist on their own any more. They need a human
body to live in. The problem is that the body seems to
shape what they are, and may of them seem more
human than fae now. Sometimes spending time with
them is like seeing some horrible parody of our own
lives. They laugh and dance and sing, but it seems to
me that their own Apocalypse is closer than the battle
we'll be fighting.

Roughly, they're divided into two groups: the seelie
and the unseelie. It's not as simple as "good" and "bad",
but more like light and dark, maybe even selfless and
selfish — though even that might be a stretch. Call 'em
apologetically and unapologetically dangerous. Now, our
legends say that they used to rule half the year each, and

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin

J ——

imei

(fa ST

cooperate with each other. It seems to us that they've lost
that unity, and are now more prone to in-fighting than we
are. Oh, and there's more than one type, too. Trolls, sidhe
anda few others. The sidhe are the leaders, near as we can
tell, and the rest are the workforce.

They're still up to their old tricks, too. Many of
them will happily cast a glamour over one of us, and
lead them into the fae world. There aren't enough
Garou left in the world that we can afford to lose too
many of us to the fae's struggles. Those of us that do
come back, well, the old tales of doomed romances and
flighty lovers seem all too true. I've seen many a fae-
struck Fiann sink so deep into Harano as a result of
their time amongst the Good Folk that death was a
release to them.

They're unpredictable, too. One day they'll be
swearing undying oaths of kinship and loyalty with us.
The next, they won't recognize us and will deny any
knowledge of Garou, fae or anything but the human
world. So, why do we keep mixing with them? Well, we
really thought the old alliances would hold. Fora while
there, they were very interested in the fomori, think-
ing they were something to do with their ancient
enemies, and ours, the Fomorians returned. Then, all
of a sudden, they decide that that's not the case and
withdraw. Like I said, unpredictable.

It feels to me like they're enjoying one last party
before the end of the world comes. Once upon a time,

we really believed that our fae cousins would walk onto
the Plain of the Apocalypse with us. I don't think that
will happen now, and that's a real damn shame.

The Obert

The real irony of it is that while our allies seem to
be collapsing in on themselves and dying, our en-
emies are prospering, and I don't just mean the forces
of the Wyrm.

Vamplrat

No sex, no dfitik, no food but blood? What the hell
do they do all night? Who cares? They're abominations
against Gaia. They stand against everything that's dear
to us. More than that, they're incapable of enjoying the
things that.make live worthliving. If you needed a
certain sign that they're of the Wyrm, it's that. You want
my advice, youshould kill themat the fitst opportunity,
it's a blessed mercy. for whateyer theyitised to be.

Rab grins: Moira, sometimes yer a lassie after me
own heart. Just rememberthat these bastards are tough
and fast. Don't underestimaté'ther.

WNagat

We're a hospitable bunch, on the whole and
sometimes we let fae we trust within the bawn of our
caerns, but we'll never, never let a wizard knowingly

near one. They're self-centered wee bastards, obsessed
with their own view of the world, and they see the


Mother's bounty as something they can just reap
whenever they see fit. They abuse hospitality, or so the
tales tell, and they don't respect the Mother of us all.
That should tell you all you need to know.

Certainly we had links with the old mortal Druids
centuries ago, but if there any of them left they're so
well hidden that they might as well be dead. Certainly
our Theurges will have nothing to do with these New
Agers and Wiccans who claim to remember the old
ways. Hah. We know better than that. The rites we
shared with the Druids have nothing to do with these
pale imitations invented a century ago.

Oh, yeah, and some of the surviving wizards seem
to serve the Wyrm. Like I said, never to be trusted.

Writ

Och, well, we never had much to do with them. If
you can't see that your time has been and gone, then
you deserve everything you get. We love our lives, but
we know that if yer time has come, you face whatever
Gaia has lined up for you next with good heart. I hear
tell that some of these miserable bastards have started
crawling out of their graves again. I say you put them
back in there again and again until they learn their
lesson and let go.

Hynfers

If you wanta sure sign that the End is close, it's that
the fires of Inquisition seem to be burning once more.
In the last few years, more than one pack has been
attacked by humans who seem to be resistant to the
Delirium. Certainly none of them has been recognized
as Kin, and they don't usually smell of the Wyrm. Some
of them even seem to wield gifts as potent as our own.

The thing that troubles mea little is that they only
ever seem to turn up when we attack humans that have
been tainted by the Wyrm, or when we're mingling
unseen amongst human society. Given our relation-
ship with our Kin, it's no surprise that we've had more

dealings with them than most. A few of them have
even approached us and tried to talk. They were killed
for the good of the Veil, of course, but it still troubles
me that they seem to be little more than normal
humans with a few gifts of their own.

Rab winds the discussion up: Moira, lass, stop
scaring them wi' tales of the narsty monster hunters.
Och, they're there all right. I know of one or two who
operate near here. But keep out of their way and play
nice among the humans and they don't seem to be much
of a problem. There have always been monster hunters.
There will always be monster hunters, until the Apoca-
lypse comes. We'll deal with them, like we always have.

Now, if yer all done flapping your gobs, we need to
set out for the caern, if we're to join the others. There's
glory to be won this evening, isn't there?

Afrermafh

In the gray light of the half-hearted dawn, Nada heard
laughter and tears mixed together. Someone —she couldn' t
see who, and didn't really care — handed her a bottle. The
quick burning sensation in her throat and stomach provided
brief comfort before her metabolism dealt with it. She passed
the bottle on reluctantly.

She had no idea if Rab was still alive. Last she'd seen
of him he was throwing himself at three Howl... Black
Spirals, singing a song of joy and battle as he went. Then
she'd been blindsided and had lost track of him in the
ensuing fight. The struggle had been remarkable. For
drunks and lechers, the Fianna had fought with a desperate
ferocity that she had never expected. She truly hoped the rest
of them had made it.

As she watched the survivors making their way down
the hill, supporting each other. Laughter rising over the cries
of the wounded — and dying — she wondered if she really
wanted to go to the Balkans after all. The one thing she did

know was that she was alive, and this night she would join
them in celebrating that fact.

Hearth and Home, Caern and Kin 65

eee ee ae EN

|


"Will you tell me how to find my way across the moor

to Shielness?" he asked.

"You cannot find it tonight," she answered, in a sweet
tone, and with a smile that bewitched him, revealing the

whitest of teeth.

— George MacDonald, "The Grey Wolf"

In the thousands of years of their history, the
Fianna have become quite distinctive from their other
Garou brothers. Living among bog, highland, and deep
forest, touched by fae blood and magics, they devel-
oped unique traditions and Gifts unknown to other
tribes. Tribes who see the Fianna as mere drunkards
and wild songsters do them a great disservice — and
underestimate them to their own cost.

Cormmonabiel:
Fiver of the Fianna

Tribes are more than blood kinship; they are cul-
tures, linked by tradition, history, and beliefs. What
follows are several characteristics that typify a Fiann,
and players can add some of these touches to their
characters to make thema little more distinctive. That's
not to say that packmates will make fun of a Fiann with
no tattoos who refuses to take the heads of their foes
back to the caern; just that in general, Fianna address
most of these cultural tendencies to some extent, even
(in some instances) by deliberately rejecting them.

Nivobers

All Garou recognize the cultural and supernatural
power and significance of numbers, and that the greatest
of numbers is three. Some rites require three days of
preparation, for example. The Goddess is represented in
three forms (maiden, mother, crone), and several totems
likewise are triple-aspected. There are even three funda-
mental forces— Wyld, Weaver, and Wyrm— warring in
the Tellurian. But the Fianna are almost obsessive in their
attention to the number. Lore is arranged in groups of
threes (e.g., "The Three Greatest Virtues" or "The Three
Things that Constitute a King") known as triads. Septs
consider packs whose membership is three or nine (three
times three) auspicious. Travelers may ask for three days
of hospitality atacaern. A Fianna who sees three (orsome
multiple of three) of anything will take notice; two or four
ravens in the tree may be ignored, but three could be
taken as a sign. Other significant numbers include five,
nine (three times three, a particularly powerful number),
seventeen, thirty-three and eighty-one (nine timesnine),
but none are as pervasive as the simple three.

Fang and Antler 67

ae SN ee aN

a

|

Vitfuat

The Three Virtues are Hospitality, Generosity
and Bravery. The last is common enough among
werewolves, but the first two are held with particular
pride by the Fianna. Sharing a fire or a set of strong
walls may mean the difference of life or death, buteven
if it isn't, showing hospitality garners status for the
giver. Honoring the guest by giving more than the bare
necessities also reflects well on the one who has that
luxury. Even poor Fianna will often "put on airs" for
visitors, feeding them more than they can afford and
putting the guests in the best quarters (or at least the
corner of the caern that's out of the wind). Guests are
expected to give in return, usually in the form of stories
or occasionally gifts (although it's considered quite
rude to make any direct connection between hospital-
ity and the gift; it should seem like the gift would have
come anyway). The rules of hospitality can be quite
complicated, but a basic understanding is usually all
that's required.

Ajornpenft

A Fiann on the bus may look like any other Jane.
But away from mundane eyes, tribe members tend to
dress rather distinctively, or even flamboyantly. Some
wear bright clothes, but many wear very revealing
garments to show off their tattoos and jewelry. Glyph
or knotwork tattoos denoting status or deeds are com-
mon, although ritual scarification and even branding
is a trend among the younger members of the tribe.
Many Fianna are also fond of jewelry, whether it be
earrings, torcs, bracelets or rings. Friendships may be
cemented by the exchange of armlets. Even the poorer
or less ostentatious tribe members have a tendency to
wear natural adornments, such as leather headbands or
even braided vine armbands.

Where the V hitky Fons Like Wine

Of all the stereotypes pinned on the Fianna by the
other tribes, the most prevalent is their drinking; they're
said to consume anything with alcohol and lots of it. As
with many stereotypes, this is a gross exaggeration with a
seed of truth. Rowdy Fianna often perpetuate the stereo-
type in drinking contests with other tribes, but quite a few
Fianna are not tipplers. Social drinking is common, sure,
but many drink "ritually" as it were, taking a ceremonial
slug before or after moots or at other special occasions.
These sips are usually symbolic of something, whether
mead produced at the caern, a whiskey "from the home
country" (whichever "home country" that may be) or
perhaps a toast in remembrance of the sept's founder.
Most Fianna see drink as one of the pleasures of life to be
savored, but no more (and often less) important than
feasting, dance, sex, or music.

68 Fianna

ns

Why the Fianna developed their reputation for
drinking isn't completely clear. Perhaps the Fianna
can get away with drinking more because the use
certain Gifts keeps them from getting too drunk — a
drunk werewolf is an even more dangerous creature
than a sober one, and nothing spoils a gathering like a
spontaneous frenzy. Or perhaps it's a point of pride,
since many a Galliard claims the Fianna invented
distilling (and often come to blows with the Get of
Fenris over who came up with mead). Certainly, Fianna
Theurges discovered how to bring out the mystic
properties of their brews.

Att and Lore

While the notion that Galliards make up half the
tribe is exaggerated, the Fianna have certain standards
to uphold. As a rule they respect arts in general and
storytelling arts in particular, for that is how their lore,
knowledge and history is passed along. Most Fianna are
expected to be able to tell a tale passably, and packs are
often in competition to gather (or invent) the best
stories. Gatherings at the gibbous moon are common in
Fianna septs, as Moon Dancers teach and entertain
through songs and the old tales. Some Fianna learn rare
or dying arts such as brewing, boatmaking or weaving in
order to preserve them for future generations; the pres-
ervation of lore is always an honorable goal.

Trophies of War

But don't believe a love of life and knowledge
detracts from a Garou's first priority as defender of
Gaia. For the Fianna, the passion of love and music
switches easily to the savage joy of tearing flesh with
nothing lost in translation.

Fianna are inveterate trophy-takers. After defeat-
ing a worthy foe (or a number of lesser foes), many a
Fiann picks up something of the fallen such as a patch
or a weapon. One of the more grisly trophies Fianna
seek is the enemy's severed head. In ancient times, the
head was considered the seat of a warrior's power, and
the tradition of headhunting continues to this day.
Some preserve their trophies in oil, while others fix
them on poles or in niches in stones or walls around the
caern. Elders sometimes frown upon the practice,
preferring to retrieve items rather than members, since
a body missing a weapon is much less noteworthy to
press and police than a body missing a head. Still, the
more boisterous Ahroun, especially those packs who
follow the Morrigu and other war totems, have made
headhunting a sport in itself.

A Xing | itbout Blew
The Garou respect battle scars; they're the ulti-
mate justification of the title of "Gaia's Warriors." But
Fianna also believe that the strongest and best must be


Coffe Tonguer

Many Fianna pride themselves on conversa-
tional ability with at least one of the Celtic tongues.
Many Galliards know several. Such knowledge is
useful in comprehending old tales. In a pinch these
fairly rare languages can be used as a code; a Black
Spiral or fomor may understand the Garou tongue
as well as English, but will probably be ata loss when
a pack leader gives his commands in Cornish.

There are two surviving branches of the Celtic
tongues, known as Goidelic or "q-Celtic" (Irish
Gaelic, Scottish Gaelic, Manx) and Brythonic or
"p-Celtic" (Welsh, Cornish, Breton). Each lan-
guage was further divided into numerous dialects,
most of which are extinct. And of course there are
older forms of the languages, such as Old Welsh,
Middle Breton and so on, that may be difficult or
impossible for a speaker of the modern version to
translate. Little is known about the continental
Celtic languages such as the Gaulish tongue. Suc-
cessive occupations eradicated them, and now
they only survive on the lips of a handful of
dedicated Moon Dancers. One reason is that the
ancients weren't widely literate, and passed down
their lore orally. When they did write anything
down it was usually in a foreign alphabet, such as
Greek or Roman. The only indigenous system of
written language that has survived the passing of
time is called Ogham. Found chiefly in Ireland and
western Britain, it consists of lines radiating out on
either side of a straight edge of a stone monument
(although it is thought to have been used on
wooden poles and structures as well).

And since we're talking about Celtic languages
here, this is as good a place as any to point out that
Celt is pronounced Kelt when referring to peoples,
cultures, languages, etc. and Selt when referencing
certain stone axe heads and sports teams.

the leaders. Though not mandated, it's not uncommon

for a righ with a permanent impairment to step down.

Said righ will almost always be given a place of high
honor in the sept, with some appropriate title ("War-
lord," "Master of the Law", and so on) and serving as
Beta in all but name. But a cliath amputee should
resign himself that while he may go far in the tribe, it's
unlikely he'll ever be righ. Of course, his chances are
far, far greater than any metis in the tribe. To be blunt,
a metis is seldom considered for important positions in
asept, and would never be allowed to lead as righ. Deep
down, most Fianna believe the flaws of a metis body
correspond with flaws of the spirit.

i

Fang and Antler

Eaackgroundt

Although Fianna suffer no Background restric-
tions, there are a few trends that arise among the tribe.
Here are a few suggestions when choosing Backgrounds
fora Fianna character, either to exploit or to contradict.

Met and Confatht

A gregarious people, Fianna usually have friends
and friends of friends, and connections ranging all over
the place, including police departments, political
circles, smuggling rings, social and environmental
activists, bartenders... the list isalmost infinite. Fianna
Allies are often well-placed Kinfolk, or for some par-
ticularly charismatic and amorous young werewolves,
off-and-again lovers.

Apcetfort

Because they (arguably) know tribal history better
than anyone, Fianna have a closer relationship to the
spirits of those who went before. The average Fiann
can recite his lineage for several generations, and some
make a point of meeting the more prominent ancestor-
spirits at least once. This is a very appropriate Back-
ground for Fianna characters; those with an innate
ability to channel their ancestors are highly valued.
Fitih

As noted elsewhere, Fianna hold fetishes in special
reverence. For this reason, it is rare for a lowly Cliath to
owna fetish more powerful than a talen or two. An elder
or sept may even withhold a family heirloom until the
young Garou is deemed worthy to bear it.

Kinfohh

A Fiann without Kinfolk is pitied by his peers. Family
is crucial to the tribe, the source of support, joy and solace
in the war against the Wyrm. Most Fianna will have at
least a dot or two in this Background; even metis can
count on some support from their mortal relatives.

Nenfor

Most Fianna feel obligated to teach cubs a thing or
two about the tribe and the lore of the Garou; no self-
respecting Fianna sept allows youngsters to gain rank
without a firm grounding in the ways of the tribe.
Instruction is thus often a sept affair, with most higher-
ranking Fianna contributing to the education of the
cubs to some extent. Still, it isn't uncommon for an
elder to take a special interest in a young Fiann,
guiding her along her path.

Pre Breed

Fianna respect the blood of heroes as much as any
Garou, and their knowledge of heroic lineages rivals that
of the Silver Fangs. That doesn't mean they are control

9

mame

|

OR pemircsn ste see ncaa Govueaa snsnetie: Taney ne ae rere

freaks like the Fangs. In a tribe as large and spread out as
the Fianna, Pure Breed will be diluted. Pure Breed is no
more or less common than in most other tribes.

Rucyrees

Money? Money's only value is in the collection of
truly valuable things, says the Fiann. The typical Fianna
(if such a creature exists) doesn't keep a large bank
account. Wealth is usually tied up in land holdings, so
that a "rich" Fianna may own large tracts that he
struggles to pay taxes for. Spare cash often goes to help
out Kinfolk in need, to give gifts, and to throw parties.
A taste for jewelry, fine drink, great music and plenty
of food will empty a purse in no time, but to the Fianna
spending money is much more worthwhile (not to
mention fun) than hoarding it.

Ry

While Fianna usually have one or two minor
rituals under their belt by their Rite of Passage, they are
usually too busy learning history and tales to spend
much time picking up rites. That said, it is neither
uncommon nor difficult for a young warrior to learn
the Rite of Boasting or a druid to acquire the Rite of
Talisman Dedication.

Toferw

Generosity is a virtue for Stag's children, and ina
mixed pack the Fiann is likely to be the most giving in
terms of devotion, Gnosis and Background points to
the pack totem. That said, it is no more or lesscommon
for a Fiann to be in a pack with a totem benefactor.

Mbiplet

Wrestling (Tailors)

Hogan lay gasping on the grass. The fall had knocked
the wind clean out of him. "I take it you've done this sort
of thing before, then," he finally managed to gasp out.

"Well, I don't like to brag," replied Rory, "but my
uncle taught me the old ‘collar-and-elbow' before I Changed.
He said if I didn't learn a gentleman's style of fighting, I'd
probably kill somebody the first time I laid hands 'em." He
held his hand out to his prone opponent. "But since you're
new to the sept, I've give you another chance to show me
yer stuff. Two out o' three, then?"

Wrestling is a general category for grappling mar-
tial arts, often used as a (generally) non-lethal means
of demonstrating physical prowess. Strength and mass
are important, but speed and technique can win the
day against a heavier opponent. Nearly every culture
has some form of wrestling, from Greece's pankration
to Japan's Sumo, and many have several. Scrappers
that they are, the Celtic nations developed nearly a
dozen varieties. Some styles are highly ritualized, while

7

a

others are "catch-as-catch-can." Note that "profes-
sional wrestling" isn't exactly covered by this Talent,
but rather is a combination of Wrestling, Athletics
and Performance.

° Novice: You didn't always get the worst of it in
a playground scrap.
ee Practiced: You can tell which popular pro

wrestlers have real experience and which are
just glorified acrobats.
eee Competent: Your skill has moved well beyond
raw talent.
eeee Expert: Other wrestlers watch your matches
for pointers.
e@eeee Master: You are a legend in the arena.
Possessed by: Brawlers, athletes, professional wres-
tlers, streetwise scrappers.
Specialties: Greco-Roman, Collar-and-Elbow,
Carachd Uibhist, throws, pins.

Fiterhe Lore (Knonsedge)
"Johnny, you mean to tell me you sold that fine spear?"

"For a fine bag of full of gold coins, no less. Those folks
from River Fork saw it at the Games and just had to have
it. Just look at this..." Johnny pulled out the velvet pouch
and upended it. Dry leaves poured out, scattering in the
November wind.

Brian smiled. "Don't look so surprised, lad. The River
Fork Folk are among the Fair Folk. You've been taken but
good, but count yourself lucky — they could have tried to
buy your firstborn! Hah hah hah... heh... uh, little Jeremy
didn't come up in the conversation, did he?"

The fae figure significantly in the legends and lore
of the Fianna. Not every Fiann has ever met a change-
ling or bargained with a water sprite, but as a tribe they
know more about these wondrous creatures than any
other tribe. Faerie Lore represents a general knowledge
of the laws of Faerie, and how to recognize various fae
magics, spirits and creatures. This isn't an in-depth
knowledge possessed by changelings and other fae, but
an outsider's version gained from old tales, sages, and
hard experience. Still, the fae realms are subtle and
treacherous, and knowing the etiquette of the labyrin-
thine and perverse faerie laws may mean the difference
between an outstanding Gift and a hundred years spent
as an ash tree in a meadow of the Arcadia Gateway.

Note that possession of this Knowledge does not
entitle you to act as if your character has read Change-
ling: The Dreaming. Your Storyteller is not bound to
make the fae correspond to the information found in
that game, and at any rate, much of what's in that book
is inaccessible even to the wisest Garou. This Lore
covers social niceties and a general knowledge of how
certain types of fae act in various situations, not an in-

Fianna

tier //

|


depth knowledge of their specific powers and weak-
nesses. The Storyteller is the final arbiter of what lore
is accessible to you even with five dots in this Knowl-
edge — not the Changeling rulebook.
° Novice: You've heard tales by the fireside.
ee Practiced: Youknowabitabout the Good People.
eee Competent: You know what not to eat in an
Unseelie Hall.
Expert: You can make a good bargain without
losing your firstborn.
eeeee Master: If TamLinknewasmuchas you, the queen
wouldn't have caught him in the first place.
Possessed by: Tuatha de Fionn, Theurges
Specialties: Faerie Manners, Faerie Glamours,
Changelings, Riddles, Arcadia Gateway, Seelie Court,
Unseelie Court

tiffg
New Augthee Fife

These Gifts are, of course, Fianna Gifts first and
foremost, and can be bought by Fianna of any auspice as
tribe Gifts. However, Storytellers may find them appro-
priate for general use by other Garou of the relevant
auspice. Thus, Fog of War can be treated as a Level Four

Ragabash Gift, a Level Four Galliard Gift, and a Level
Four Fianna Gift, if the Storyteller is willing.

Ragabath

© Fog of War (Level Four) — No mattered how
disciplined the army and ordered the plan, a battlefield
is chaos, Smoke, noise, hidden'@nemies and fear can all
lead to disorganization. Even in the modern age, mis-
taken identity leads to "friendly fire" casualties. This
Gift exacerbates this problem to often devastating ef-
fect, Acommander might not see advancing foes, orsee
foés that aren't there; a team may fire upon allies, or
mistake a command to "advance" for a call to "retreat."
This Gift is taught by a raven- or other trickster-spirit.

System: The Garou sings, howls or plays an eerie
song (bagpipes are popular), spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Performance (difficulty 8). If suc-
cessful, foes in hearing range must make/a standard
Perception roll every turn to be fully aware of what's
happening around them. They lose oné success on this
rollforeyery success rolled by the player; ifthe end result
is negative successes, it counts as abotch. Zero successes
on perception indicates confusion, while ona botch the
character efitically misinterprets what she sees. The
Gift lasts as long as the song or how! continues, but the
singer must concentrate on the song (and thus cannot
engage in combat or other strenuous activity).


|

MET: The Garou performs her song, spends a
Gnosis Trait and makes a Social Challenge (retest
with Performance). With success, all foes in hearing
range must make a Mental Challenge at the beginning
of every turn (at Storyteller discretion, this may be
performed as a mob challenge for ease in marshalling).
On a win, the foe is unaffected; on a tie, the foe suffers
a three-Trait penalty on any perception or visually
related challenge; on a loss, the foe loses on all ties
during the turn due to the increased difficulty of sight.

Gdbard

© Reverie (Level Two)—ThisGift makes the
victim's mind wanderdown memory lane. While it may
occasionally,dredge up useful remembrances, itmainly
serves to,fakes someone less observant or less focused
on the task at hand. An ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: Roll Manipulation + Enigmas (difficulty
of the victim's Willpower). For every success, the
difficulty of the victim's rolls related to Mental At-
tributes increases by one, to a maximum of 9 (repre-
senting stronger, more vivid memories). The effect
lasts one minute per success or until the target's atten-
tion is diverted. (For example, a guard under five
minutes' worth of Reverie probably won't notice the
Ragabash sneaking over the wall — but if he does, or
if the Garou attacks him, the Gift's effects end). The
Fiann can't directly control what fills the victim's
mind, but may be able to.influence the subject ("Yeah,
Gorm, remember that party at the Standing Stone?
And the dancing girl, wasn't'Shesomethings:s").

MET: Make a Static Social Challenge against the
target's Willpower (retest with Enigmas). With suc-
cess, the target drifts off into daydreaming and suffers
atwo-Trait penalty on Mental Challenges. Something
that would shake him out of his woolgathering — an
attack, aloud noise, being shaken —will end the Gift's
effect. If the target isn't awakened first, the Gift lasts
for five minutes.

© Fog of War (Level Four) — As the Ragabash Gift.

New Fianna Cif

¢ Faerie Light (Level One) — This Gift is a favorite
of tricksters, who can create a wisp of faint ghostly (usually
white, blue or green) light. The light can be directed by
the Fianna, but is too faint to illuminate more than three
feet. Because it can be seen farther, it's useful for signaling
at night, not to mention distracting or misleading others
—a fact not lost on pranksters. This Gift is taught by
marsh- and faerie-spirits.

System: The Garou rolls Wits + Enigmas (diffi-
culty 6). The light appears anywhere within the Garou's
line of sight. It may float along at up to 10 yards per

"

. ———

turn. The light lasts for one turn per success, but will
last an entire scene at the cost of a Gnosis point.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Enig-
mas). With success, the light appears and lasts for two
turns. Spend a Gnosis Trait to make it last for one scene.

¢ Salmon Leap (Level One) — The old legends
relate of Fianna warriors leaping over enemies and
crossing rivers without getting their feet wet; this Gift
is one way they did it. Taught by a salmon-spirit or
ancestor-spirit, this Gift is functionally identical to the
Lupus Gift: Hare's Leap.

MET: As the Lupus Gift: Hare's Leap.

© Howl of the Unseen (Level Two) —Just as the
ancient peoples had power in the connections be-
tween two halves (day/night, light half/dark half, etc),
so do the Fianna draw on their connection of spirit
world and physical realm to bridge the Gauntlet. This
Gift allows a howl from one side of the Gauntlet to
echo across to the other. It is taught by a Bean Si, as
well as by the spirits of animals that make loud noise
without being seen, such as frogs or insects.

System: The Garou rolls Gnosis, difficulty of the
Gauntlet, after which she may howl or speak for up to
a full turn; the sound will be clearly audible on both
sides of the Gauntlet. The Storyteller is free to deter-
mine how much can be said in the span of one turn.

MET: The Garou makes a Static Gnosis Chal-
lenge against the Gauntlet (retest with Occult). With
success, she can howl or speak for up to one full turn,
and be clearly heard on both sides.

¢ Fair Fortune (Level Two) — A Fiann with this
Gift has a streak of luck a mile wide. She's dealt a great
hand, her prey is extra-clumsy today, or the wind shifts
just in time to scent an ambush. A faerie or fortune-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: With the expenditure of one Gnosis point,
the player may reroll any failed or botched roll. The
decision must be made immediately after the failed or
botched roll. This Gift is only usable once per scene.

MET: By expending a Gnosis Trait, the player
gains a retest of a lost challenge. Use of the Gift must
immediately follow the lost challenge. The second
result stands. The Gift may only be used once per
scene, and no more than twice per session.

¢ Spear Dancing (Level Two) — The old tales
tell of Fianna throwing spears while balanced on the
beam of a chariot at full gallop, or even crossing an
army by leaping from spearpoint to spearpoint. This
Gift gives the Fianna the ability to balance on the
smallest surfaces, whether tightrope, post or even a
spearpoint. If successful, the Garou takes no damage
from stepping or handstanding on sharp objects, but

Fianna

Te


may otherwise be wounded normally. A bird-spirit or
an ancestor-spirit may teach this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty varies: 5 to stand
on the back of a trotting horse, 6 to stay aloft a rolling
ball, 8 to jog across a tightrope, and 9 to balance on the
point of a spear). Storytellers may require additional
successes for more difficult feats (for example, the
horse breaks into a gallop, or the tightrope is in a high
wind). The effects last for a scene.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Static
Physical Challenge (retest with Athletics), with the
difficulty based on the feat attempted. The Storyteller
may require additional tests if the feat gets more
challenging. The Gift lasts for one scene or combat.

¢ Fire in the Belly (Level Two) — Anger and
inner turmoil does wonders for creativity. Some Fianna
use this principle in new and potentially dangerous
ways, directing some of their inner Rage to fuel their
creative urges. While the work is more intense, it is
also colored by the Rage, reflecting the redirected fury
of the Fiann's soul. "Sublime" and "peaceful" are not
words associated with works produced using this Gift.
On the other hand, forged weapons take on the new
resonance quite readily, attracting War and Rage
spirits (-1 difficulty for Rite of the Fetish). Brigid
herself teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Rage and
makes a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). A successful roll
adds an automatic success to an appropriate Craft,
Expression or Performance roll. A botch will require an
immediate Rage roll for frenzy. Only one roll per project
is possible. Using this Gift more than once a month is
taxing and dangerous; each additional use during a span
of a month increases the difficulty by one.

MET: Spend a Rage Trait and make a Willpower
Challenge. With success, the Garou gains one retest
for a Crafts, Expression or Performance test. Losing the
challenge requires a test for frenzy. This Gift may be
only used once per month, and once per project.

¢ Pin The Eagle's Wing (Level Three) —Known
as Lleu's Spear by the Welsh Fianna (who claim to
have discovered it), a Fianna with this Gift can throw
a spear as far as an arrow and sink it deep into its target.
Spirited Fianna can even pierce heavy doors or strike
a foe on a high rooftop — or pierce a Leech's putrid
heart. Ancestor-spirits teach this Gift.

System: The Fianna must concentrate on the
weapon for one full turn and make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8). She then spends a variable number of
Gnosis points. Each Gnosis grants two additional dice,
which can be split between the attack roll and damage
roll. Dice may also be used to increase the spear's flight

Eee

See san re es ea ereseren PERV SEN Nes ee

distance (20 yards per die allocated). The Gift doesn't
work with any other weapon, even a thrust spear —
only a thrown spear.

MET: The Fianna spends a turn in concentration
and makes a Willpower challenge. With success, the
Fianna may spend up to four Gnosis Traits to put toone
of the following options: increasing the spear's flight
for 20 yards (or feet for a small game site); as bonus
Traits for the challenge to hurl the spear; or applied as
wounds. This Gift only works with a thrown spear.

¢ Forms of Cernunnos (Level Five) — Celtic
legends abound with heroes transforming into ani-
mals, whether to escape, to hunt, or to spy. Cernunnos
the Horned God was the master of animals; with this
Gift the Garou is able to master the form of any animal.
A Wyld spirit or a faerie spirit teaches this Gift.

System: As per the Ragabash Gift: The Thousand
Forms, with the limitation that mythical beasts are not
possible forms, but with the addition that anotherwilling
person can be changed at the cost of two Gnosis and +1
difficulty. Said person cannot change back without the
assistance of someone who knows this Gift.

MET: As per the Ragabash Gift: The Thousand
Forms. Mythical creatures are not options for this ver-
sion of the Gift. The Fianna can change another willing
participant for two Gnosis Traits and an additional
Trait to the difficulty. The second participant requires
the assistance of someone who knows the Gift to change
back. Someone who knows The Thousand Forms may be
able to assist for an additional Trait of difficulty.

© Havgan's Healing (Level Five) — Named after
the foe Pwyll dueled with in the Otherworld, this
powerful Gift lets wounds alternately harm and heal
the Garou, giving the Fianna a critical edge in a
sustained battle. A death-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: To activate this Gift, the Fianna must
spend two Gnosis points and concentrate for one turn.
For the duration of the scene, any health levels that are
not soaked alternately harm or heal the Garou. The
first blow to strike the Garou injures him as normal;
with the second blow, any damage that is not soaked
(and the player must roll soak as normal) instead is
treated as healing. Bashing wounds heal bashing dam-
age, lethal wounds can heal bashing or lethal damage,
and aggravated wounds heal all forms of damage. The
third blow injures, the fourth heals, and so on. Wounds
suffered from silver can never heal, however; they
inflict damage as normal, and "use up" that blow — for
instance, a Fianna wounded by silver by the fourth
blow after activating this Gift takes unsoakable aggra-
vated damage as normal, and the fifth blow will injure,
not heal. (However, any aggravated damage taken on
the sixth blow and every other attack after that could

Fang and Antler 73

eS

—————

2 emer moms, Fara ER SAA FLEE re amare samuel

heal the silver damage.) Any wounds left unhealed by
the end of the scene must be healed as usual.

MET: The Fianna spends two Gnosis and concen-
trates fora turn. For the rest of the scene or combat, any
wounds the Garou receives either heal or harm him —
the first strike injures, the second heals, the third
injures, and so on. The type of damage received deter-
mines what can be healed — to heal bashing damage,
the Garou must receive a bashing wound; lethal dam-
age may be healed with a lethal wound. Aggravated
damage can heal any wound. Further, the damage is
healed on a one-for-one basis (two lethal wounds
versus one level of lethal "healing" results in one level
healed and one remaining). Extra levels ofshéaling
damage that are not used simply vanish they cannot
be stored or stacked. Wounds caused by silver cannot
heal; they cause normal aggravated damage and also
use up the blow — if the blow was meant to heal and
it's caused by silver, the wound remains, and the
following strike also injures as usual. Aggravated dam-
age not caused by silver suffered afterward on the
following strike and every other attack afterward could
heal the silver damage. If any wounds remain at the
end of the scene, they must be healed as usual.

This can bea'monster to track in combat, and the
Storytellertis within his rights to disallow it in the
name of simplicity.

Md
Rye of Accord
Pipe of Pegphpalty

Level Two

Hospitality is one of the three great virtues of the
ancient Celts, and a similarly honorable virtue to the
modern Fianna. Ordinarily, hospitality is a given at a
hearth, but occasionally it needs to be formally stated
ina binding fashion; perhaps the seeker isa rival, orhas
bad blood with others at the sept and needs protection.
In such circumstances, the rite is performed. The
grantor (typically the righ or the owner of the hall or
territory) is required to give his guest food, shelter and
reasonable comforts for three days, as well as protec-
tion from foes (without or within). In return, the
supplicant is expected to be the model guest, neither
stealing, starting fights nor otherwise bringing trouble
to the household. And be sure that even if the offense
isn't obvious, the spirits that witnessed the oath will
find a way to bring it to everyone's attention.

System: Typically, only the grantor needs to know
the ritual. The supplicant formally asks for hospitality,
usually reciting lineage and titles in the formal way.

74 Fianna

_ eee ee ————————

The host replies in formal language, granting her
protection and a place in her hall. If the rite fails, the
delivery seems forced and all present will feel the
awkwardness of the moment. If successful, both parties
are bound to their bargain. Should either one break the
bargain, that party loses Honor Renown (-4 for the
host, -2 for guest). Ordinarily, no Renown is gained if
both live up to their ends of the bargain, but if there is
an element of danger (guest and host are bitter rivals
or even enemies, for instance) the righ and guest gain
two and one temporary Honor respectively. If the righ
is notably miserly, she gains but one point; if outstand-
ingly generous, or required to go to great lengths to
defend the guest (sustaining grievous injury, destruc-
tion of the hall, loss of honor, or something equally
costly), she may gain three. The Storyteller should be
carefulithat this doesn't become a font of "free Re-
nown"; Honiorshould be awarded only if there's some-
thing at stake — for instance, being a polite host to a
guest that's insulted you or is a rival, or being a model
guest despite constant provocation. After three days
(usually measured to sunset, but typically stated during
the rite),,allbets@re.off; if the guest is in trouble, he'd
better'make tracks.

MET: No special system required.
Rtas of Deaf
Re of the Pleros Seep

Level Five

This rare and powerful rite has been used on some
of the greatest heroes of the Fianna. When a Fianna
of greatest renown falls in battle, he is placed in the
earth (such as a cave, or a chamber of a burial
mound), where the ritemaster dedicates the body to
the land, tying soul and earth together. The body
heals, then falls into a deep sleep. On rare occasions,
the hero's pack or shieldmate is allowed to join the
watrior in sleep. The champion and his pack then lie
in state, ageless, without need for food or breath, until
he awakens to take up arms once again — at the dawn
of the Apocalypse.

System: The ritemaster spends three permanent
points of Gnosis when performing the ritual. If she
succeeds, the champion's wounds heal in a moment
and the flush returns to the hero's cheeks. There is
usually time enough for a few final words before sleep
overcomes the hero. If the ritemaster gains five or more
successes, then the champion may awaken for a short
while and return to the caern at any time of great crisis
(at the Storyteller's option).

MET: Spend three permanent Gnosis Traits and
make the usual challenge.


Rat of Revown
Re of Bathing

Level One

Boasting and bragging have always been a vital
aspect of warrior cultures. Boasts serve to work up a
warrior's courage while putting fear into the opponent.
But to truly impress, the boaster must back up his claims.
This rite is more than formalized bragging, for it forces
the Garou to "put up or shut up." Before a battle or
mission, the Garou boasts before all assembled that he
will perform a particularly impressive feat (for example,
"T will kill three Black Spirals with only my claws," "I
will scale the electrified razorwire of the refinery%6r""1
will be first to reach the shield wall, there'to wrest the
enemy's standard from his dead hand."). The boast is
performed in a ritual fashion, with a short recitation of
lineage and a summary of glorious deeds performed to
date. If he makes good on his boast, he magnifies the
Glory of the act. If he fails, the resulting derision of his
peers costs him Glory; boasting is only respected if you
can back it up. This rite is most commonly used among
the Fianna, Get of Fenris and Wendigo, but most tribes
have some version of it. oi

System: Fon@Very two successes on a Charisma +
Rituals roll (difficulty varies according to the feat
proposed, with more difficult and glorious feats lower-
ing the difficulty; the number should probably range
from 4 to 8), the boast earns a potential extra tempo-
rary Glory, up to the amount of Glory the feat would
ordinarily garner. If the rite is performed properly and
the Garou successfully achieves his goal, he gains the
Glory bonus. If he fails and lives, he loses that anfount.
If he dies while carrying out his deed, there is neither
loss nor gain of extra Renown.

A single pack may boast of a deed, but only the
pack leader can perform the rite. In this case, difficulty
is increased by one, and the entire pack gains or loses
the Glory award.

MET: The Garou makes his boast, following it
with a Social Challenge. If the rite was performed
properly, the Garou makes good on his boast and he
succeeded in his challenge, he gains two bonus tempo-
rary Glory. For a pack, the pack leader must perform
the rite, and the challenge is a Static Social Challenge,
with difficulty based on the either the deed or the
pack's number.

Myphie Tohas
Level Two

Since the dawn of religion, worshippers have
made offerings of food to gods and spirits. The Fianna

——————

Seer sare rs ereseren peeve Nes ame

Fang and Antler

do so to honor ancestors at feasts, reminding them of
their former lives and strengthening their ties to kith
and kin. Theurges also enact the rite as chiminage to
spirits who want a taste (literally) of what the living
enjoy.

System: The ritemaster sings or plays a tune of
welcome for the spirits while investing Gnosis in the
food (one point is good for a plate of food and a drink),
and rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of the local Gaunt-
let). Only one success is required to make the essence
of the food as tangible to spirits in the Penumbra as it
is to the Garou in the physical realm. Once its essence
has been consumed, the physical food and drink loses
any appealing taste or texture as well as much of its
nutritional value.

MET: One Trait of Gnosis will invest a plate of
food/and.a single goblet of drink, or a pitcher of drink.
A challenge'against the local Gauntlet rating follows.
With success, the food becomes tangible in the Pen-
umbra.

Rete of the Poaman Vighf
Level Tihtees

Severed he re than atrophy, they can
be a ward. In this modified Rite of the
Fetish, the ritemaster takes hewly taken

foe (within the last 24 hours) and rebinds the spirit
within it in service to the Garou. When put in place
(usually buried under a pile of stones or placed on a
pike or wall), the head emits a shrill, undulating wail
if any unwelcome visitor approaches within 20 yards of
the head. It will cease to function if moved or broken,
if it is activated too many times, or until the third
Samhain after its creation; then the spirit flees.

A rarely used variant of this rite (known as Hero's
Vigil) uses the head of a recently killed Fianna hero
(should the spirit be agreeable to the binding).

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals
(difficulty 10, 9 if the slayer conducts the rite). At the
end of the rite the head is placed in its permanent
position. It will activate a number of times equal to
successes rolled. Normal intruders will automatically
be detected if they enter the alert radius; those with
supernatural concealment (such as Obfuscate, hu-
man magic or a Gift) may evade notice if the being
rolls more successes for their respective concealment
power than the ritemaster. This does not detect
intrusion across the Gauntlet, but a Black Spiral
Dancer head (for example) could be placed in the
Penumbra with similar effects. If Rite of Hero's Vigil
is enacted on a willing Fianna's spirit, difficulty is 10
- Rank of the dead Garou, and the head may be good
for up to nine Samhains. As the two rites are very

5

eameiniiiiie é

i a aS

similar, Garou who know one only require three days
of study to learn the other.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Static Mental Chal-
lenge (difficulty based on the number of times the
ritemaster wishes the head to activate). The head
automatically reacts to normal creatures. Supernatu-
rally hidden intruders (using the Obfuscate Discipline,
Gifts or Sphere magic) must make a Mental Challenge
against the ritemaster (or compare the ritemaster's
Rank against the level of power in question). The head
must be placed in either the Penumbra or the Realm,
and cannot sense intruders on the other side of the
Gauntlet. For Rite of the Hero's Vigil, the challenge is a
Static Mental with a difficulty of 10—the dead Garou's
rank. The second version allows the head to be active
for a year (Samhain to Samhain).

Jeatonal yar

On the Quarter Days of the year (solstices and
equinoxes) the Fianna typically perform the appropri-
ate rites (listed on pp. 165-166 of the main rulebook).
In addition, they celebrate distinct rituals on the Cross
Quarter days (days which fall halfway between the
Quarter Days). Each of the Level Two Fianna Seasonal
Rites (Samhain, Imbolc, Beltane, and Lughnassa, de-
scribed below) must be learned separately. To the

76 Fianna

—————

ancient Fianna, a new day began at sunset, which is
why these festivals last from evening to evening rather
than from midnight to midnight.

¢ Samhain (Oct 31-Nov 1): The Fianna calendar
year begins on this night. An uncharacteristically sub-
dued celebration with a grand feast, music, and drink,
the Samhain Rite is a time for reflecting on the year just
passed. Tributes are given to honor the year's fallen,
whose spirits are often in attendance; for these honored
fallen the sept saves places at the table and choice seats
in the bardic circles; Theurges frequently enact the rite
Feast for the Spirits so the dead may revel once more
with their comrades. It's believed by some that the dead
wait until this night before moving on to their next life,
or perhaps their essences become "fully fledged" spirits
at this time. Because the Gauntlet is slightly thinner
(-1 to the Gauntlet at Storyteller's discretion) on this
night than on any other night of the year, it is also a
night when all manner of spirits (benign and otherwise)
cross over to cause mischief or simply to observe the
living world. Those who take part in the Samhain ritual
regain Gnosis equal to the ritemaster's successes.

MET: Regain two Traits of lost Gnosis during
Participation.

© Imbolc (Feb 1-Feb 2): Imbole is a festival of
fertility and of hope; though many cold nights may lay


ahead, winter is ebbing before the promise of spring.
Ritual bonfires dot the caern, and the night is filled with
tales of struggles won and the surety of better times ahead.
It is also the sacred festival honoring the goddess Brigid,
and deemed a favorable time to ask for the spirits' aid in
endeavors of art or craft. Children born of Garou on this
day are considered especially lucky, for more often than
not their Garou blood runs true. Participants in the
Imbolc rite regain Willpower equal to the ritemaster's
successes. Furthermore, Fianna that have overcome
Harano often claim that taking part in the Imbolc rite was
the moment they began to claw their way back.

MET: Regain two Traits of lost Willpower during
participation.

¢ Beltane (April 30-May 1): The celebration of
the dawning of the light half of the year is as abandoned
as that of the dark half (Samhain) is reflective. Just after
dark, the ritemaster bids every fire in the caern extin-
guished; after a few minutes of darkness, a new fire is lit,
and its flame distributed to rekindle all the others,
symbolizing a fresh start and the return of light. Music,
food, dancing and loving are the order of the night.
Kinfolk are especially welcomed to the party, not only
to share the fun; children conceived during Beltane are
reputed to have a greater chance of breeding true. On
the downside, the Litany is very fragile on this night as
the heat of passion burns away all rationality; elders
watch over the cubs, but even the older sept members
have occasionally succumbed to temptation.

Beltane is a festival celebrating new vitality. Those
who participate in a successful Beltane rite gain an
extra dot of Stamina for the next three days. During
the festival, Rites of Cleansing and other purification
rituals are at -1 difficulty.

MET: Gain the Robust Physical Trait for the next
three days. Purification rituals gain a single free retest
(use during casting — second result must stand).

¢ Lughnassa (August 1-2): In the ancient agrar-
iancommunities, this was the celebration of the begin-
ning of harvest. For the Fianna it represents the fruits
of labor, and the gathering of strength for the coming
winter. Bread made from grain of the year, and fresh-
made mead and beer as well, are ceremoniously con-
sumed. Those who participate ina successful Lughnassa
rite gain an extra dot of Strength for the next three
days. During the festival, rolls involving lore and
wisdom are at -1 difficulty, as the Fianna find it easier
to remember the fruits of mental labor as well.

MET: Gain the Stalwart Physical Trait for the
next three days. Mental Challenges relating to Lore or
wisdom receive a single free retest during the festival
(the second result stands).

—eEeEeEeEeeoOoO

CF IA

Fang and Antler

Noor Tht
Tithght Jong

The period between day and night is considered
a magical time by the Fianna, a transitory time when
the world grows still and the hidden dances almost
within vision.

System: The Fiann must how! or play a mournful
tune just before sunrise and just after sunset every day
for nine days. The Garou then gains an additional die
when attempting to cross or see through the Gauntlet.
The bonus lasts until the Fiann fails to perform the
ritual; she must then perform it for nine more days
before regaining the benefits.

MET: The Garou gains an extra Trait for crossing
or seeing through the Gauntlet.

Fitiher

Fianna fetishes come in any,manner of objects, but
tend to be handcrafted and béautiful, Gold brooches,
fine harps or flutes, and weapons are Gemmon. The
prevalence of weapon fetishes corresponds, roughly
with tribal weapon preferences Spears are popular with
Fianna who ate particularly proud of thehuman side of
their heritage; axes are seen as more of a\"werewolf's
weapon," and often contain spiritsithat grantpowers of
wisdom and/ctaftsmanship as well as battle prowess.
Swords, bows and knives are all secondary, and klaives
are notably rare\—and very highly, prized.

Whatever their preference, Fianna are;quite tev?
erential to theirfetishes» This goes beyond taking good
care of the fetish and keeping the spirit happy (asimost
Garou do); they are obsessive on learning thedetails of
an item's history, from who made it to who's owned it
and what they did with it. Should someone discover a
lost fetish, that pack will visit sept after sept, research-
ing the item until its background is discovered. Before
bestowing a fetish, the old owner will be sure the new
owner knows all there is to know about the heirloom.
And the Fianna's interest is not limited to their own
fetishes; they discuss their fetishes like people discuss
sports, at great length and greater detail. As a result,
werewolves of other tribes sometimes come to the
Fianna to learn about the lore of their own fetishes!

Coobbbnlos Plarwrwer

Level 2, Gnosis 6

Though not a combat fetish, it is highly prized by
Fianna smiths; some of the finest weapons, including
several klaives, were forged with these hammers. For
every two successes on a Gnosis roll, the smith gains +1
die to the metalworking (Craft) roll, In addition, items
crafted with the hammer reduce the difficulty fora Rite

ris
eae


a OA"

of the Fetish by one; such items are more pleasing to
spirits. An earth or fire spirit is bound into this fetish.

MET: The Garou makes a Gnosis Challenge
invoking the hammer, and gains a single retest when
making a Crafts: Metalworking challenge.

Expat of the Ofberworfg

Level 2, Gnosis 5

This fetish typically appears as a very fine set of
black bagpipes (usually of the Highland variety) with
an unusually mournful song that pulls at the spirit —
literally. When successfully activated, every two suc-
cesses to a Charisma + Performance (7) roll subtracts
one from the difficulty of Mystic Rituals; the difficulty
rating for Rituals of Death (such as a Rite for the
Departed) is decreased by one for every success.

MET: A successful activation and Social Chal-
lenge (retest with Performance) grants a ritemaster

two extra Traits for performing Mystic Rituals or
Rituals of Death.

Tore of Witdom

Level 3, Gnosis 5

When activated, the torc increases the wearer's per-
manent Willpower or Gnosis (each tore is dedicated to
one or the other; a level four fetish might have the power
toincrease either one ata time) by one point until the end
of the scene. A spirit of wisdom empowers the fetish.

MET: The wearer gains a temporary Willpower
Trait or Gnosis Trait that can be spent or used for
comparisons on ties. The effect lasts one scene.
Carnys of Victory

Level 4, Gnosis 7

The Carnyx appears as a tall horn with an animal
head at the end. When sounded, it fills the air with a
weird, discordant braying that heartens allies and
strikes fear into the hearts of the foe. When success-
fully activated, each success to a Manipulation +
Performance roll (difficulty 8) adds one die to the dice
pools of all comrades. The effect continues for as long
as the Fiann sounds the horn. Requires a war spirit.

MET: With successful activation and a Social
Challenge (retest with Performance), the horn grants
all comrades a "ghost" Trait that can be added to any
pool for comparisons on ties.

Spear of Len

Level 4, Gnosis 6

There are only a handful of these weapons known to
exist. Named for a legendary smith who made the first of
its kind (used by Fionn mac Cumhail himself), it usually
appears as a spear with a head of perpetually cold bluish
steel, When pressed hard against the forehead, the spear

W/ GP Garam


keeps the warrior from being muddled or lulled by magics,
whether vampiric, fae, mage or Garou in nature. This is
notageneral mental defense effect, but does covermental
illusions and sleep spells. At the Storyteller's discretion,
a Willpower roll may be necessary against particularly
powerful threats. Naturally, one can't fight with the spear
and use its power simultaneously. Creating such a spear
requires the spirit of a north wind.

MET: When activated and placed against the
forehead, the spear protects the bearer from mind- or
perception-altering magics and sleep effects. This does
not affect powers that manipulate the emotions or the
physical body.

Tore of the Woff

Level 4, Gnosis 7

This powerful fetish typically appears as a heavy
gold torc, made with nine gold braids (each made with
nine gold wires), the ends capped by golden wolfheads
with bared fangs. When activated, the torc allows its
wearer to shift forms instantly without spending Rage
for the duration of the scene.

MET: When successfully activated, the wearer
can shift forms without spending Rage for one scene.

Zoart Titk

Level 5, Gnosis 7

This fearsome fetish, a large tusk from a boar
suspended by a leather thong, marks the wearer as
someone you don't want to mess with. When acti-
vated, the fetish adds one health level per success and
one Stamina per two successes for one scene.

MET: With activation, the wearer gains two extra
Bruised health levels and Robust x 2 for one scene or
one combat.

Ttreefold Ase

Level 5, Gnosis 7

The culmination of Fianna smithing skill is the
threefold axe, a weapon crafted to be useful against fae,
shapeshifters and undead. Each one is forged of a blend
of cold iron, silver and gold —a technique that would
be all but impossible without the rites of forging and
spiritual assistance. The resulting alloy is spiritually
hardened to a steel-like quality. Because the alloy
dilutes the purity of each metal, the axe is not treated
as purely of any particular metal (thus, the damage it
inflicts on werewolves is not truly "silver damage," and
therefore not unsoakable). However, the spirits within
charge the power of each metal, giving the axe the
power of each metal's mystical affinity.

Threefold axes do Strength +3 aggravated damage,
and are difficulty 7 to wield. They do two extra dice of
damage against vampires, fae or shapeshifters with a

eee

Or A PS AG AT ITY SE Me as

Fang and Antler

vulnerability to silver or gold; this damage can be soaked
if the target is capable of soaking aggravated damage.

To properly finish a threefold axe, the smith must
bind an earth-spirit, a solar spirit of some sort, and a
lunar spirit into the axe. Convincing the three spirits
to coexist is almost as difficult a process as forging the
axe in the first place, but the triple mystical power of
sun, moon and earth is hard to deny.

MET: A threefold axe is treated much like an
ordinary axe (Laws of the Wild, pg. 196), save that it
adds two additional bonus Traits when used against
vampires, shapeshifters with a vulnerability to gold or
silver, or fae of any sort.

Tattoo Fafphthat

Tattoos are common among the Fianna; some have
spirits bound into them. These take the form of Celtic
designs or Garou glyphs, and must be of quality crafts-
manship — a spirit isn't likely to willingly enter a heart
with "Mom'" written across it, particularly if such a mark
was purchased in a parlor. System-wise, tattoo fetishes
are treated like ordinary fetishes with one exception:
should the player ever botch her activation roll, the
spirit is instantly freed; the tattoo flares, leaving an
outline on the skin which gradually fades away.

Talent

Tathlow
Level 2, Gnosis 5

A tathlum is a sling-stone made from a specially
prepared mixture of sand, lime, herbs and the brain of
an enemy, into which a vengeance-spirit is bound.
Ordinarily, a sling does Str + 2 bashing damage. A
tathlum generally does lethal damage. If the brain ball
was created with a specific individual in mind, it does
aggravated damage to that individual. The brain of an
especially powerful foe (an elder Black Spiral Dancer
orancient vampire, for example) increases the damage
by an additional +1.

MET: A tathlum inflicts lethal damage in combat. It
inflictsaggravated damage if it is created to target aspecific
individual (who should be named to a Storyteller). Pow-
erful foes' brains inflict an extra level of damage.

Nt 0 fle Cifen

Gnosis 7

A deep brown brew, this, with a white efferves-
cence swirling along its surface like lake mist. It doesn't
flow down the throat so much as swirl, but when it hits
bottom it spreads a comfortable numbness through the
body. The drinker's mood becomes amiable and reflec-
tive. Tense meetings between rivals, when suitably
lubricated with this elixir, settle down to jokes, laugh-

79
NY


2 emer cesarean eran arene eater tien ve meer soar an yess ares

ter, and wistful reminiscences. The drinker must make
a Willpower roll against the drink's Gnosis rating.
Success raises the difficulty to frenzy by two, and puts
the imbiber in a more philosophical frame of mind.
Those failing the roll lose a temporary Rage point,
while botching removes all but one of their temporary
Rage points — making the drinker perhaps even more
mellow and philosophical than is good for him. This is
one of the more common of the potable talens, and can
be found at most Fianna caerns.

MET: After imbibing the drink, the drinker makes
a Willpower Challenge. Success meansatwo-Trait bonus
during frenzy tests. On a loss, the drinker immediately
makes a Simple Test. If he wins the Simple Test, he loses
atemporary Rage Trait. Ifhe loses the Simple Test as well,
he loses all but one of his temporary Rage —he hasn't lost
the wolf, but shifting is out of the question.

And always remember — no alcohol or drugs at a
live-action event!

Roya Mead
Gnosis 7

Royal Mead, or Blue Gold, gets its common name
from three facts: when held to the light the golden
liquid has a bluish hue; drinking it inexplicably turns
the tongue blue for several hours; anda pint of the stuff
makes the imbiber's eyes shimmer with a faint bluish

Thee Secrets of Maghe Noast

Not just anyone can make these powerful
drinks; the secrets are jealously guarded by a small
cadre of master brewers, and the materials needed
are even harder to find than the brewers. Such
meads can't be made from just any honey; it must
be honey derived from magical flowers. Battledew
is a brilliant crimson flower, while Royalblood is
deepest cobalt. Both these flowers spread in low,
thick mats across the western meadows of the
Umbral realm known as Arcadia Gateway, and are
said to be found in isolated spots of the Fianna
Homeland realm as well. Recently, rumors have
begun to circulate among the mead-makers that a
young Theurge managed to successfully transport
and plant the flowers at the heart of her sept's
caern, and already others are on a similar quest,
though to date none have been successful.

Finding the flower is one thing; collecting the
honey is something else. The bees that feed from
these faerie flowers are changed by the potent
nectar in subtle and unpredictable ways, so extra
caution is in order. Since it takes several gallons of
honey to make a gallon of mead, it's easy to see why
such drinks are highly prized.

8

rn

A Drlik befueen Fiend

Unlike fetishes and many talens, Gnosis is not
required to use the magical brews listed here. Any-
one can imbibe these draughts and feel their effects.
For normal humans, however, the rolls are made at
+1 difficulty. The effects last only for one scene.
Afterward, a Stamina roll (difficulty equal to the
Gnosis of the drink) must be made; a simple failure
indicatesaslighthangoverandasomewhat muddled
mind (the drinker isa little hazy on the details of the
last few hours), while a botch indicates a full-blown
headsplitter with no real recollection of "what the
hell I did last night." Not that a human, or even a
Kinfolk, is likely to get a taste; this stuff is much too
rare and potent to waste on the likes of them. Note
that changelings do not suffer the added difficulty
or need to make a Stamina roll to avoid side effects;
in fact, imbibing may strengthen their fae natures
(gain a point of Glamour at Storyteller's option).
They must still roll Willpower to benefit from the
drinks, however.

And while the Gift: Resist Toxin will work
against these rare drinks (usually at a +1 penalty
for the more potent mixtures), no self-respecting
Fianna would waste one of these wondrous brews
that way, unless in sudden, dire need of sobriety.

glow. Its more formal name comes from the fact that
most of the meager world's supply of the stuff can be
found in the palace at Tara, for Royal Mead is consid-
ered by some opinionated Fianna to be the finest-
tasting elixir in existence (though as rare as it is, few get
the opportunity to taste-test. Imbibers who make a
Willpower check against the drink's Gnosis can see
clearly in dim light (and in total darkness as if it were
dusk) for a scene, but most consider that to be a mere
side effect of the heavenly elixir. Royal Mead is made
from the honey of the Umbral flower Royalblood.
MET: Make a Willpower Challenge. With success,
the drinker suffers no visual penalties from dim light, and
the usual penalty for dim light when in total darkness.

Exttlemead,

Gnosis 6

Battlemead is sweet as regular mead, but burns its
way down the throat, exploding in the belly like some
serious rotgut. Some Fianna like to take a few swigs
before battle. If the imbiber succeeds in a Willpower
roll against the mead's Gnosis, he gains a Rage point
and can ignore the first wound level sustained in the
upcoming combat. Failing the roll results in all Rage
roll difficulties being reduced by one for the rest of the

Fianna

ecient,


scene. A botch results in immediate frenzy. Battlemead
is made from honey derived from Battledew, a rare
flower found in certain Umbral realms.

MET: Make a Willpower Challenge. With success,
the drinker gains a Rage Trait and can ignore the first
wound level sustained in battle. Losing results ina Simple
Test. Winning the Simple Test causes the drinker to lose
one Rage Trait. A second loss means frenzy.

Tofotnt

The following totems — just a few of the many
possibilities open to Fianna characters —seldom accept
non-Fianna packs, as they are tied to Stag and his brood.

Toferst of War
Ntorrlgy

Background Cost: 8

The Morrigu, called "Great Queen" or "Mistress of
Battles," was a totem of the ancient Celts. Her symbol,
and the preferred form of her avatar, was the carrion
crow. While she seldom fought, she was a frequent
participant in battle, urging her favored heroes to
victory. Though a powerful totem, few packs petition
for her patronage, for the Morrigu is a harsh mistress,
and demands much from her children. Those who fail
her or refuse her requests may find themselves the
victims of a horrible vengeance. This is especially true
of those brave enough to take her as a personal totem.

The Morrigu is a triune spirit; a pack picks one of
her aspects: Macha, ("the personification of war"),
Badb ("Fury"), or Nemain ("Venom"). Members of her
packs are often cold and vengeful in their anger, and
show no fear in battle. She is especially popular with
Galliards and Ahroun, although her followers come
from all auspices. The children of Morrigu are re-
spected and feared among the Fianna, and find allies
among the Corax (and most especially the three ravens
known as the Morrigan), and some faeries.

© Macha: The personification of battle. She in-
cites warriors to heroic, if occasionally suicidal, deeds.

Traits: Each pack member gains the Ahroun Gift:
Inspiration; the pack gains the Ahroun Gift: Stoking
Fury's Furnace, which can be used by any one pack
member at a time. Members of her packs gain a point
of temporary Glory.

¢ Badb: Badb represents fury unleashed; she is the
harbinger of battle madness.

Traits: The pack gains the Gift: Song of Rage (3rd
level Galliard), and each packmember receives the abil-
ity to enter a berserk frenzy at will. Members of her pack
gain a temporary point of Glory but lose two temporary
points of Wisdom when first taking this totem.

ee


|

¢ Nemain: Her name means "venom"; she poi-
sons with fear and cripples by sowing confusion and
chaos on the battlefield.

Traits: Each pack member gains a point of Subter-
fuge; packs receive the Gift: Fog of War. Nemain's
packs lose a temporary point of Honor when first
taking this totem.

General Traits: All of the Morrigu's Children
receive a bonus of -1 difficulty to Social rolls dealing
with Corax and raven-spirits.

General Bans: No Child of the Morrigu may ever
harm a raven, and all must always show respect for, and
give aid to, the Corax. They must never show fear,
even in the face of certain death.

MET: Macha's children gain the Ahroun Gift:
Inspiration, and the pack receives Stoking Fury's Fur-
nace, plus one temporary Glory. Babd's children gain
the Galliard Gift: Song of Rage, and may enter berserk
frenzy at will (they must make any normal challenges
to end the frenzy, though); they also receive one
temporary Glory, but lose two temporary Wisdom.
Nemain's children each gain the Subterfuge Ability,
and her packs receive Fog of War (which may be used
by one memberata time); they also lose one temporary
Honor. All of the Morrigu's children gain a bonus
Social Trait when dealing with Corax or raven-spirits.

Herne fhe Plynfer

Background Cost: 4

Herne is the relentless master of the hunt, who often
appears as a huge man with a headdress of stag antlers,
bearing a boar spear and surrounded by fierce hounds.
Stalking through field and forest, he quests for minions of
the Wyrm, unleashing his packs to bring them down.

Traits: Herne grants his packs an extra point of
Stealth and Survival and the Gift: Sense Wyrm.

Ban: Herne's packs must always pursue and do
battle with minions of the Wyrm, regardless of the odds.

MET: Herne's children gain one level each of
Stealth and Survival and the Gift: Sense Wyrm.

Topems of ido

Davy

Background Cost: 8

Danu (also known as Dana) was the mother of the
Tuatha de Danaan and worshipped by Fianna as an
aspect of Gaia as tribe-mother. For worthy packs she
holds ancient wisdom and the power to use it. Just as
true wisdom is never easy to find, Danu must be sought,
for she reveals herself very rarely.

Traits: Danu grants her children the power to sense
fae or other supernatural shenanigans; each pack mem-

8

a

ber gains the Gift: Sense the Unnatural. Her packs gain
the ability to entrance listeners through taletelling,
singing or howling. (Manipulation + Perform, Diff 8);
the actual effects are up to the Storyteller. In addition,
the pack gains three additional dots of the Ancestors
Background; this is not an actual affinity with Garou
ancestors, but an ability to learn ancient knowledge and
lore by accessing primal memories. All Fianna and most
faeries (including many changelings) will recognize and
honor children of Danu.

Ban: Danu asks that her children hold a moot in
her honor during each of the four seasons, telling tales
old and new.

MET: Danu's children gain the Gift: Sense the
Unnatural. With a Social Challenge (retest with Per-
formance, in addition to any other challenges), Danu's
packs can entrance their audiences during taletelling,
singing or howling; this challenge need not be made
against Toreador vampires if the Garou has Perfor-
mance x 3 or higher. The pack also gains three levels of
Ancestors, as they can access primal memories (this is
not a relationship with a particular Ancestor).

Lid

Background Cost: 5

Brigid is a spirit of inspiration and creativity. The
ancient patron of smiths, poets and healers, she stokes
the fire in head and heart like a forge.

Traits: Packs of Brigid gain two extra dice to rolls
involving Crafts or creative inspiration (e.g., composing
a poem or designing an artful device). When attempting
tocreate fetishes, ritemasters enjoy a bonus of -1 difficulty
to bind spirits into items crafted by Brigid's children.

Ban: Her packs must never fail to celebrate Imbolc,
displaying a new work of art, song or craft.

MET: Brigid's children gain two bonus Traits for
use in creative endeavors (such as Crafts or Expression).
Items crafted by Brigid's children are more likely to
become fetishes (ritemaster gains a bonus Trait for
fetish creation challenges).

Goa

Background Cost: 4

The White Horse Goddess is a master of all equines.
None can match her for. speed or distance. She even
crosses into the Otherworld as easily as one fords a
shallow stream. Those who wish to follow her must
often endure a hard pursuit to win her favor.

Traits: Horses are at ease around followers of Epona,
who don't suffer the Garou's usual +2 penalty to Animal
Ken or Ride rolls for horses; each of her children may
also cross the Gauntlet at -1 difficulty. Packs gain three

Fianna

ee


dice to add to running dice pools and a die of Stamina
for purposes of |-long-distance running.

Ban: The children of Epona must not eat horseflesh,
nor allow cruelty to any equine.

MET: Epona's children do not frighten horses like
other Garou, and may ride them without difficulty. The
Gauntlet is considered one level lower for them when
they wish to cross over. They gain three Tireless Traits.

Nerhin

Background Cost: 6

A merlin is a dark, quick falcon whose diminutive
size belies her ferocity as she hunts low and swift over
the moors. Merlin is swift and sharp-eyed as she hunts
the Wyrm. She sees many secret things and under-
stands the nature of magic.

Traits: Each pack member gains an extra dot of
Alertness and one point of temporary Wisdom Re-
nown. Packs of Merlin gain an extra point of Occult,
Rituals, Enigmas and Primal-Urge.

Ban: Merlin commands her packs never to destroy
knowledge.

MET: Merlin's children each gain the Mental
Trait: Alert; one level of the Abilities Enigmas, Occult,
Primal-Urge and Rituals; and one temporary Wisdom.

Cookeref

Background Cost: 3

Many Garou are a little disdainful of what they
consider "domestic" totems. Fianna don't necessarily
agree. One example is Cockerel, who crows his warn-
ing in a cackle to wake the dead. Loud and proud, he
greets the dawn and alerts all to intruders. Though not
the "sexiest" totem spirit, a few packs (mostly Euro-
pean) hunt the Wyrm with Cockerel's patronage.

Traits: Cockerel gives all his children the Gift:
Sense Wyrm.

Ban: Cockerel's children are forbidden to eat
domesticated animals.

MET: Cockerel's children gain Sense Wyrm.

Nori and Flat
Jecond Night (2-6 potot Nerf)

Evena trace of faerie blood produces strange effects
in mortals, and many Fianna have more than a trace.
Those with the Sight have limited, uncontrollable
clairvoyance and precognition, ranging from an intui-
tive nudge to a view of a scene from the future. For two
points, you may know who's calling before you pick up
the phone, or feel a visitor is coming. Disorienting
flashes of insight and sudden visions of the future and
other places are hallmarks of the Sight at higher levels.
Forsix points, visions are relatively detailed and lengthy.

Samra rs emrreseren reeves meme

Visions may be of real events or metaphorical, but are
usually maddeningly hard to unravel until the foretold
event occurs. The Sight is unpredictable and comes
unbidden, in dream or waking, as a "gut feeling" or
blinding flash of insight. The Storyteller should use this
for more good than ill, but players should by no means
rely on the Sight to as a sure-fire early warning system.
Revealed futures may be dark, and, actions taken to
prevent the occurrence usually end up precipitating the
unwelcome event. People with a very active Sight can
be a grim, unhappy lot.

MET: This Merit is best left in the hands of the
Storyteller or a Narrator, who drops visions on the
character as necessary, based on the level of Merit taken.

Jeldorn Meeps (2 potot Mert)

Like the Sight, this Merit is the product of a dab of
magic in the blood. While rest is still required after
exertion, sleep is seldom necessary. One hour a night is
fine, and even an hour every three days won't make the
Fianna more than a little red-eyed. Such people find
themselves pulling more than their share of guard duty.

MET: This Merit does not make you immune to
sleep-causing effects, nor negate the need for rest after
using taxing Gifts or rituals. The character is not
always perky, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed — it's
possible to be relaxed but not sleepy. Resting after
rituals or Gifts means no combat and no challenges.

Goat (1-3 pt Few)
A geas is a mystical prohibition or imperative
designed to make life difficult. A central tenet of Celtic
life, a geas was a mark of distinction, a sign of destiny.
Many of the Fianna of legend carried at least one geas,
carried from birth or placed upon them by a spirit or
druid. In the old legends, geasa are very common among
people of note, from heroes to kings to druids, and the
greatest had multiple geasa. Despite their best efforts,
the heroes often ended up breaking a geas, a circum-
stance which always spelled disaster, not necessarily
immediately, but soon (Cuchulain faced a choice be-
tween his two geasa — "Never reject hospitality" and
"Never eat dogmeat" — and soon fell in battle).

The point value of a geas starts with a base of one to
four points, depending on how difficult it is to avoid (or
fulfill) the ban. A minor geas (easily avoided circum-
stances) such as "Never drink brandy while sitting at a
table" is worth one point. "Must honor every second
request" could be worth two points, while "Never harm
aGarou, save Black Spirals" might be worth three points
and "Never harm a Garou, including Black Spirals"
would count for four. The severity of the consequences
adds to the point value of the Flaw (e.g., All hair falls
out: +0 pt; the loss of Gifts, or all difficulties increase by

Fang and Antler 83

ne ee

° fg SMSTD SS BENET DOP, ADT CD 8 ETE IOS IE UN ATOR ITE,

Seer eran en core aren Loe are ar a reana enarene

1: +1 pts; ostracism by all Garou: +2; imminent death:
+3). A broken geas that can be forgiven through quest
or atonement is worth one less point.

MET: The Flaw's value is determined by the ban
demanded. Easily avoided circumstances are worth
one Trait ("Never eat with red-haired men", "Never
eat ham", "Never harm a cat"). Bans that demand an
ordinary sacrifice are worth two Traits ("Never marry",
"Never refuse hospitality"). More extraordinary sacri-
fices are worth three Traits ("Never drink alcohol",
"Remain a virgin"). The value increases up to four
Traits for the most difficult bans ("Never harm any
Garou, even Black Spirals"). Further Traits may be
added by taking on conseqtiences for the broken geas.
One Trait may be added for embarrassing, inconve-
nient or uncomfortable consequences (loss of all body
hair, gaining 20 pounds, or the addition of a minor
Flaw). Two Traits is added for consequences that are
painful or humiliating (loss of an Ability, loss of a Gift,
illness or_injury). Three Traits result in the most
serious consequences (imminent death, going blindy
becoming crippled). Choosing a second Flaw*as a
consequence is permitted, but you gain no extra Traits
for it. The Storyteller has. final authority on what
Geasa and consequences,are permitted in game.
Sprig
Suiett of the Poof,

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Essence.20

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Healing, Duck,
Realm Sense, Purify

Image: This spirit almost never materializes, usu-
ally appearing as a vague female face in the swirling
depths of a pool. When it does appear, it takes the form
of a woman of ethereal beauty, with the chuckle of
running water in her voice.

History: In ancient days the Celts revered the
spirits which resided in sacred springs, rivers and marshes.
The Church co-opted many of the sacred waters, but the
spirits remain; their memory lives on in the Lady of the
Lake of the King Arthur tales. One of the best-known of
the water spirits, Boinn, has been elevated to Incarna
status as totem to several packs in Ireland.

Habitat: The Pool Spirit can be found in
nonstagnant natural pools, ponds and small lakes.
Similar spirits can be found in marshy areas.

Spiritual Correspondences: Healing, good fortune.

Material Correspondences: Clean, clear water.
Those looking for healing should drop carved wooden

or clay statuettes of themselves into the pool; the figures
should indicate the infirmity. Those desiring good for-

84 Fianna

ee ea SS

tune throw valuable items (typically gold orsilver orfine
weapons, although modern-day supplicants have sacri-
ficed rolls of bills or Rolex watches) which are soon lost
in the weeds and gloom of the bottom.

Gift Lore: Spirits of the Pool can teach Gifts
related to healing, luck and water.

Taboos: So tied to its domain is the spirit that it
grows weak and begins to fade if ever it is forced more
that a few yards from its home.

Attitude: Cool, calm. If treated with proper re-
spect, the spirit may be friendly; if taken for granted, it
will be vindictive, although its tone and apparent
attitude will change little either way.

Chiminage: The spirit will assist the supplicant in
exchange for the sacrifice of precious offerings. Some
have accepted services, such as a pledge by a Garou
pack to guard and tend a spring for one moon.

FeanJSf

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Fortune, Reform,
Materialize, Peek, Track, and the Gifts: Howl of the
Banshee, Paralyzing Stare and Trackless Waste

Image: Usually seen as a woman washing out
bloody linens in a stream, sometimes old, sometimes
young, but usually severe.

History: In the old.daysjmany families in the
Celtic lands had a Bean Si (commonly spelled Ban-
shee), a faerie spirit to watch over them. While they
may sometimes bring good luck to their families, Bean
Siare grim spirits whose visitations are never welcome,

forthey.are omens of impending doom to those un-

lucky enouigli'to see them.

Habitat: Though miorescommon.in the British
Isles, some Bean Si have traveled with their families to
new lands. Those that have lost their connection to
mortal families can be found stalking across open
moors or analogous desolate lands in the Fianna's
Umbral Homeland. With the mixing of bloodlines in
these modern times, a few Bean Si "freelance" by
watching the lives and deaths of anyone with a touch
of the ancient blood.

Spiritual Correspondences: Bean Si are spirits of
doom and fate.

Material Correspondences: They are most likely
to respond to a summons in lonely places on windy,
rainy nights. Items of clothing from the dead or dying
(usually a relative) are common correspondences.

Gift Lore: Bean Si can teach Gifts pertaining to
fear, precognition or howling, shouting or screaming
(such as Howl of the Unseen). Some Bean Si have


gifted Fianna with Second Sight (as per the Merit), but
most recipients grow to view it as a curse.

Taboos: The Bean Si will never directly affect the
doomed person's fate one way or another. While it may be
induced to relating the circumstances of the imminent
demise, the description will be enigmatic and vague.

Attitude: Cold, grim and vindictive if not treated
with the utmost respect. Oddly, some Fianna report
seeing Bean Si act with uncharacteristic kindness
toward children and the elderly.

Chiminage: Those who wish her aid must walk a
fine line between respectfulness and obsequiousness.

Fintan, fhe Sion of Xnowsedge

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 6, Essence 18

Charms: Airt Sense, Realm Sense

Image: Large (about three feet) fish, silvery blue-
green with black speckles.

History: In the old tales, Fintan the Salmon ate the
hazelnuts from the Tree of Knowledge, thus gaining all
knowledge and wisdom. As the tale goes, Fintan was
caught by Finegas the druid, who knew that whoever ate
the salmon would receive all his wisdom. He ordered
young Fionn mac Cumhail to cook the fish up. Fionn
burned himself on the sizzling fish and, sucking on his
blistered thumb, gained all the fish's knowledge.

Habitat: Salmon can be found in pools or rivers, both
in the Penumbra and in the Fianna Homeland Realm.

Spiritual Correspondences: Salmon is a spirit of
knowledge and of water.

Material Correspondences: Rivers and lakes are
the best places to find the salmon spirit, although it
can be found in the sea as well. Fintan has a weakness
for hazelnuts.

Fang and Antler

Cl ane

See nence mes eraser en rey aan mee

Gift Lore: Salmon teaches Gifts involving knowl-
edge and insight.

Taboos: Fintan will not willingly leave the water
for more than a few minutes, and will never approach
open flame for any reason.

Attitude: Pleasant, if a little cagey. He doesn't
take too well to threats of fish dinners, however.

Chiminage: The Salmon of Knowledge usually
expects some idle banter before "getting down to
business", and if the Garou are too impatient for
pleasantries he will likely swim away in a huff. For
minor services, such as information, Fintan asks sup-
plicants to refrain from eating any fish for a period of
time — usually a month or so. Hazelnuts are also a
favorite. For greater favors, such as a Gift, he also asks
that jewelry or some small item of value be thrown into
the water as a sacrifice.

The Salmon of Knowledge may be induced to
answer three questions. His answers may be short or
long, but rarely gives what the average man would
consider a clear answer. A good grounding in Enigmas
(or perhaps a related Lore) is a useful thing when
conversing with Fintan.

New Charrnt

¢ Fortune: Spirits with this charm can affect the
fate of an individual, for good or ill. Storytellers may
wish to customize the effects to the particular spirit,
but here is a standard system: For good fortune, a player
may reroll three rolls over the course of the story. For
a character cursed with bad fortune, the next three
rolls that include a "1" have an additional "1" added to
them, diluting the success and increasing the odds of a
catastrophic failure.

85
i

|


Like every tribe, the Fianna are far more than their
one-sentence summary would suggest. "Celtic werewolves
with a penchant for song, drink and dance" is a good
starting point, but just that — a starting point. For one,
the Fiannaaren't truly Celtic — they're the creatures that
lived in the shadows of Celtic culture, that inspired a few
of the regional myths. For another, the Fianna hail from
more diverse regions than just Ireland and the United
Kingdom; it misses the point to play a Fianna who could
have been lifted out of a knotwork-jewelry-and-Chief-
tains-CDs catalog. (Unless, of course, you're interested in
having a character who has to be consistently set straight
by his elders... which is entirely valid and interesting in
its own right.) It's not the trappings that define a Fianna
— it's the spirit.

Ofcourse, there's also more to the Fianna spirit than
a simple love of booze, song and hopping into the sack
with the nearest good-looking Kinfolk. The pursuit of
excellence in all things is a defining factor of the tribe,

although the average Fiann is somewhat unwilling to
sacrifice the good things in life in order to achieve that
excellence. Glorious death is one thing — surviving a
maiming, becoming less than complete, that's some-
thing else. Their desire to be free of flaws is in many ways
the greatest flaw the Fianna have — it's a character trait
that may yet cause them no end of grief and pain.

But in some ways, the Fianna's flaws are those of
werewolves as a whole. As some might argue, to play a
Fianna is to play a Garou writ large — exulting in war,
reverently spiritual, intolerant of their enemies and
loyal to their friends, all too willing to give in to the
animal passions that burn within. All the things that
the Garou love, the Fianna love — and to truly love
Gaia with all the devotion She deserves, a werewolf is
required to love the life She gave him with a deep and
abiding passion.

Thatis, after all, exactly how the Fianna would put it.

The Wild and the Wise 87

Ng

—Es

fcr i a earners enrages

Tourist 7 rofe

Quote: Yes, it's quite genuine. Nearly 2,000 years old.
Err.. .begorrah.

Prelude: You were born in a middle-class suburb of Dublin,
and lived a comfortable middle-class life. You learnt Gaelic half-
heartedly, seeing English as the future. After all, all the cool records
were in English, and so were the best TV shows. Gaelic was so...
backwards. By your mid-teens you were charming your way into
bars and nightclubs for some serious dancing and drinking. Your
strong Catholic upbringing stopped you doing much more than

flirting with the lads there, though.
Your parents weren't rich and
couldn't always give you as much
"money as you'd like to support
" ay your party lifestyle. A summer
— ~ job in a Dublin bar gave you an
2 idea. Your boss there encouraged
you to play up your Irishness when-
ever there were tourists in the bar. A
"begorrah" here, a touch of the blar-
ney there and they were eating out
of your hands. You and an art stu-
dent friend realized that there was
a real market for anything that
matched the tourist's pseudo-
Celtic idea of Ireland. Soon he
was making "ancient" Celtic ar-
tifacts and

selling
them ata tidy profit.
A thick Irish accent, coupled
with fluttering eyelashes over
emerald eyessoon had the tour-
ist lads under yourspell. They'd
buy anything from you.

Then one night the
| monsters came for you both,
} and you found you were one
of them. You woke up in the
remains of your forgery stu-
dio, surrounded by blood,
none of it your own. The
things that you'd killed
looked as if they'd once been
human, but no more. You
fled into the night.

The Fianna found you
and took you in, and youfound
yourself in a world you were
ill-equipped todeal with. Folk
music and ceilidhs replaced
cutting-edge dance anthems
and a pack replaced your
matesdownat the pub. You
hid behind your Plastic
Paddy facade while trying
tocome totermswith your
new life.

4 ——*t——* goonaoogo0a
_

Fianna

a A

Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Paes Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Tourist Trap
a A Le) fe
Physical Social Mantel
‘Serength_ @@000 Charisma. Perception. 98800

Dexterity 00 Manipularion

Sumina________@@e@00 Appearance 220000 ‘o_o

nee eee

Talents E

Alertness 20000) Animal ite 00000 om @@000

Athletics, e000) «6(Crifts_________eoo00 —_.00000

Brawl 00000 — Dnve. 00000 00000
Eniquer @0000 00000

Firearms. 00000 @0000
00000

90000

Leadership
Melee.

90000
0000
e200
00000 0000
00000

Subterfuge__

a Ae (Adtanpagat

Guticte oesst ‘Seale i isa

Kintail———seeeo
e000 Persuasion ——

00000

00000

Renown Rage rd
fe rise
Glory ee00000000 — Bul
eo0o00000000 Hurt 1
Bo000000000 9899909099900 injurcd 1
Honor coe 2
eoo0000000 maa f
DoooooaaD &°°°900000 Cippled ;
Whsdava 2000000000 __ !neapacitated
@000000000 ~MUfpener —ae~ Trihal Woaknatpee
OGGNRSH809 oe6c0000 00 LOW SELF CONTROL
ALL WILLPOWER ROLLS ARE
AT +1 DIFFICULTY

IT

The promiscuity and violence on display, not to mention the
pagan beliefs and very real spirit world shocked you to the very core
of your being. You'd never really gotten to like beer and whiskey,
either. Designer drinks are more your thing.

While you love the sense of belonging, something you'd always
been searching for but never found, you can't help feeling that this
obsession with the past is half the reason the Garou are struggling.
If you can just bring your pack into the 21st century, you'd maybe
have a chance. Sometimes you count yourself lucky you weren't
raised amongst Kin, and other times you really wish you had been.

ais

oe
cooccoc

So, now you're back on the streets of Dublin, but seeing the
city with new eyes. The things of the Wyrm seem to cluster round
the tourist traps and cheap hotels of the city. When you find
something or someone that needs dealing with, you're back with
the pack as fast as you can be.

Concept: You're a city teenager trying to make your way ina
culture that sometimes seems like a parody of your history books
come to life. You play to the preconceived notions of your tribe
while doing your best to introduce some modern ideas before it's
too late. At the same time, you're trying to reconcile Garou beliefs
with your Catholic upbringing.

Roleplaying Notes: Making your way ina culture that often
seems a thousand years out of date is no easy task sometimes. You're
good at faking it when you have to, but often you can't help but
debunk some of the self-righteousness and cultural purity notions
that you see around you. You try and keep your mocking gentle and
subtle enough not to cause trouble, but sometimes your unease that
the Fianna are so trapped in their past gets the better of you, and
you get cutting. Then you rely on your charm and looks to get you
out of trouble.

Equipment: A good wardrobe of fashionable clothes, a CD
player, a bag full of "genuine" Celtic artifacts.


Aubergeld Brewer
Quote: C'mon. I'm not even legal, but even I can tell
the difference between Speyside and Highland Whiskeys!
But never mind, try something of a more local vintage. Just

sip it, now. Moonshine has a way of ambushing you.

Prelude: You were aware of spir-
its even as a child — they were your
"imaginary playmates." They kept
you company when your parents ig-
nated and ne-
: 7g lected
you. Your

5 only adult
who paid
attention
to you,
= knewalot
about brew-

ing and distilling, and
you picked up the hobby.
Ona particular birth-
day, you studied your 16-
year-old face in the mirror
when suddenly the world shifted.
And when you turned, you saw
your aunt in wolf form for the first
time. She showed youa spirit world
you never even imagined, and you
knew you'd found your new home.
Now, you follow your pack
leader on earth-bound missions
against the enemies of the Fianna.
When the trail leads across the
Gauntlet, however, you take charge,
guiding your packmates through the
dangers of the Umbra. On more than
one occasion you've had to smooth
things over after a packmate inadvert-
ently insulted a local spirit, afterwards
telling the offender in no
uncertain terms
howhe'dscrewed
up and what to
do next time.

a A

Name:
Player:

y Chronicle:
A
A

Phyl
‘Serength.
Dexterity__

‘Seamina.

_#0000
—__eee00
@@000

Taheutt
Alertness 98000
Athletics 00000
Beawl__ 0000
Dodge. 00000
Empathy, 08000
Expression, 28000
Intimidation. 00000
Primal-Un @e000
Streetwise___ 00000
Subterfuge__ 0000

Beuckgroundl
Ancestors e000
Kinfolk __eoo00
Pure Breed _e0000

90000
___00000

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Camp:

Charisma,
Manipulation,

e000
e000

Appearance 20000

Animal Ket 90000
Crafts 0000
Drive, @0000
00000
00000
00000
00000
28000
@0000
#0000

Enquerte

Survival

a Ab Adlcanpaget

Persuasion
Spiri

a "A

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Ambergold Brewer

ee Attehhitet i ae

Menpal
Perception__@eeeo
Intelligence 90000
Wis_____eee00

eipciaer. pemnguae: =

00000
00000

00000
@@000
00000

Renewn

tft

Glory
eo000000000
o00Q000Q0000

Honor
0000000000
Qo00000000

Wisdom
J @ee0000000

999990090900

Rage
e@e00000000
gQa00g0gg0gg000
Gin ttht
@eee000000
gooo00g000

Nifponier ——iie
e@eee000000
g90090900000

Bruised
Hurt 1

a
a
Injured 1 a
Wounded 2
Maw 2 a

Qa

LOW SELF CONTROL
ALL WILLPOWER ROLLS ARE
AT #1 DXPFICULTY

The Wild and the Wise

__ —7P
Such outbursts are rare, though; you'd rather let the
leaders lead while you learn of spirits — both alcoholic
and Umbral. Your rites, knowledge and good sense
make you indispensable to the pack, and some of the
elder Theurges are starting to take notice as well.

Concept: Though you're underage, your ambergold
brews are the talk of the sept. But that's not good
enough; you want to learn the secrets of faerie meads
and the most potent of whiskeys, one day taking your
place among the master brewers for your tribe.

Roleplaying Hints: You ask a million questions,
but pleasantly enough to not be too irritating. You're
friendly and eager to impress. You seem a little spacey
sometimes, because of spiritual distractions. You'd
rather help than lead, but your pack has come to rely
on you in matters of the spirit world. Where the others
act, you watch, question, and think.

Equipment: Distilling equipment, jugs of home-
made mead, whiskey and moonshine.


Nafchoaker — YA

Quote: He is the mate for you. My instincts say so. Make your mov ; JA

. Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
tonight. Auspice: Philodox Pack Totem:
. 1 Damp: Concept: Matchmake
Prelude: You knew that something was different about you for as Z Cate ‘ihinisiaiaaa
longas youcan remember. While your littermatesallactedon instinct, "4 a Atirhhepet neon ernentlew az
sometimes you would watch, wait and make a decision before acting. Serength__"__@@000 Charisma__@ee00  Perceptic eoee0
‘ Dextenty 90000 Manipulat ©0000 _ Intclligen 20000
The other wolves were obviously uncomfortable around you but your Seamina ee000 Appearance, @0000 Win eee00
skill in taking down prey made you too valuable to ignore. ASN iffap mame naman
‘ Talent Seite Sinonedger
Aftera few winters, it became apparent that the new, youngalpha Alermes___@@@00 AnimalKen__@@@00 Computer" 00000
je Athletics @0000 Crafts 00000 Enigin @0000
of the pack was showing more attention to you than to your mother. Ber 0000 Drive (00000 _ Investigation @0000
; Daaige Biique Law :
Most of the other females and a good ian Spenco! fron: pooe0: Ligue 20000
ee ae ee Expression 00000 Leadership 90000. Molicine 90000
few of the males were submitting to Intisidaon———eo000 | Male —ov000  Occuk e000
you already. In fact, you were on the Primal-Urge 000 Performance (00000 Politics ‘00000
Streetwise 00000 — Stealth, ua 00000 = Ritwals__ 00000
verge of supplanting your mother as Subterfuge @0000 Survival e000 Science (00000
alpha female when your First ms A Adeanpaget 4
on tS Zeackgrow eo Oy
SN Change happened and your i eesod ‘Tnithef Gta — =
- Pure Breed 0000 Persuasion —
Dad came for you. Ta ee e :
Your father 00000 ___ ——__
: 00000 =
was nothing like / 7 ft
you expected. Not ae Rage Health
af, = Glory Bruised a
you back to the Q000000000 9900000000 injured a)
fa es ‘Honor ina —a Wendel 20
magic place, he 8820000000 geeeecoooo cma 3 a Y
changed 4 ggggu9g00g ingen OG
changed into Wisdom 9909990000 ca
the form of a 9000000000 ~Niffpentr mite mm Trilha Nieabonatt tte
hem ge 2 HOMROGOUNS Seee coco (LEW SEECONTROL.
ge, 4 : ALL WILLPOWER ROLLS ARE
Beazaed Rema ee Qo099000400 AT +1 DIFFICULTY

human la ——

and he

seemed to expect you to do the same. While you took what time you could
in your breed form, most of the caern's business seemed to be conducted in
Homid or Crinos, to your consternation.

Spending time in human form was often uncomfortable for you.
Garou and human society was so odd and complex compared to life in the
pack, and you longed for those simple days. When some males you

perceived to be Alphas made a move on you, you gladly mated with
them. You couldn't understand why your father got so angry about this.
VENNSS SAS Your reputation grew for cutting to the heart of a problem, even if
KKK you did get people's backs up sometimes with the directness of your
San wee advice. Where you have had particular success is in matchmaking. Courtship in wolf p:
S was simple and direct. You can see the same underlying currents in Garou and Kinfolk
relations and you do your best to make sure the most suitable mates come together.

While your father was happy to mate with wolf Kin, you've found getting
other Garou to do the same an uphill struggle, but you're willing to persevere
for the good of the Sept. The homids and their Kin are easier, though, although
some decry your direct advice as unromantic. You've found that this opinion
often changes after a few drinks.

Concept: You're a wolf that has founda niche in the very human Fianna
society by using your instincts and nose to spot potential parings that will

bear strong young for your extended pack. The odd mating rituals between
Garou and Kin sometimes confuse and disgust you, but you can cut to the
chase in your advice in the way no homid advisor ever can.

Roleplaying Notes: You approach the discussions of your pack and sept
with an insight and directness that sometimes resolves the situation and
sometimes gets you into a fight. Your particular specialty is bringing Kin and Garou
together, cutting through the complicated emotions humans lay over their desire to mate.
You have very little concept of romance in the traditional sense, but little brings you
more pleasure than a well-matched couple mating successfully.
yy ~ Equipment: A keen sense of smell, basic and somewhat flattering

y human clothes anda spare bottle or two of whiskey stashed away for when
the lovelorn need assistance.


Sines sienieteiarcaiewecerearen New Sears ci
The Ntufe bn Blok nant —

Quote: It's the music of our people and it tells of our struggles, not

Name: Pack Name:
those of people an ocean away. Player: Pack Totem:
Prelude: Your birth wasa terrible shame onaproudseptthat 2 chronicles - Gonceper The Mien Blncls
prided itself on its strict adherence to the Litany. Your father was "4 ee - <i Atprlhiyfat wemnmemenvmt
never identified, and your mother left the sept to join a band of Serength___@@000 Charisma geee0 Perception ____@e@@00
a Dexterity. 0000 = Manipulation. 20000 = ntclligence____e@eeoo0
Rovers as soon as you were old enough to fend for yourself. It was Scmina_@@000 Appearince__@@000 Win eee00
that or death for both mother and child, or at least so judged the SSM fap mame
Philodox. You missed your mother terribly. At least she had been puree On sraaee. 1 e655 ‘cma 00000
able to protect you from the others. Now, they had a clear field. e224 re, eee
On those few occasions when you had time alone you would Se ee soaes
______00000 Medicine. 00000

howl sad songs to yourself, venting your misery to Gaia. One of the

00000

@@000 Occult #0000

older Galliards took notice of your songs and started teaching you the Primal-Unge___00000 Performance tw sea @8@@0 ___ee000

. 4 j Z Streecwise 00000 Stealth_ ___#e000 00000
songs of the Fianna. You proved an adept pupil and learning and Subterfuge 00000 Survival_____@@@00 00000
performing them under his stern eye became your chief joy in life. It e <A Adeanpagat comer reeelow
even earned you a grudging respect from some of your caern mates. Allies" ia ‘0000 on sud

Contacts 00 Call of the Wyld.
Kinfolk _ eeeoo P

Totem 90000 - - —
(00000 = ee
Renoam Raye Health

Then came your First Change,
and with it the ability to move
amongst humans other than
Kin, with a pair of pants cov-
ering your deformed leg. Hurt

t 5 1
Those days you spent away aq Ponese ee we

e@eee000000 Preise!

oooococe

Alive ——e-
from the caern were a Mauled

"4 eo0000000 Crippled
blessed reliefand youspent more 100000000 ___ Ineapacitated
and more time in town, even 5 ‘ Tra! Neaboats ee
venturing into some of the Uy g ie 2 2 a : s S ad i ALOE Oe ee ne
bars once in a while. One ATE EART
evening, you heard the -

"7

one last battle with his old pack, you sang
with such passion at his wake that the
others could no longer ignore you.

most _ incredible
sound coming from
a local

The sadness

shop.

So now you tell tales of your sept and
their doings in a bastardized form of C&W
that suits the Garou tongue. A few of the older
werewolves are scandalized by the idea, but
younger members of the sept, Garou and Kin
alike, are entranced by your new approach.
Concept: You're a young Galliard that has
chosen Country & Western as a way of expressing
yourself. The music seems to hold a strong
resonance for you, reflecting the pains and
joys of your life as a despised mule amongst
a traditionalist sept. Many of the younger
Garou have taken to you, because you sing
a style of music that's more familiar to them
than the Celtic sound so many others favor.
You've also taken to singing guest spots at local
bars, with some success there, too. Many people
have said that you reach a place of melancholy that
few other singers have ever managed.
Roleplaying Notes: You've always deferred to other
Fianna, more out of fear than anything. Now, however,
you're a little more confident. Your success as a singer in the
human town and your growing renown asa Galliard have at last
allowed you to join a pack, and you're looking forward to
singing songs of battle and loss in equal measure.
Equipment: A guitar, a Stetson, asecond-hand, beat-up
8-track player with some Hank Williams Sr., Johnny Cash and Patsy
Cline tapes and a sheaf of songs hastily scribbled down.

joy and
hope in
the music
and the
words felt
as if they had
been dredged out of your
own soul. You went in and
asked the storekeeper what
it was. "Country & Western,"
he replied. Youknew you'd found
your true music. You devoured
thisnewsound whenever youcould.
You took to frequenting bars that
played Country & Western, and
even saw some live acts. You even
managed to scrounge up some old
8-track recordings.

While you continued to
learn the old songs, you also ex-
perimented with this new style of
music. The sept elders' contin-
ued refusal to allow you to joina
pack gave you plenty of time to
practice — and a lot of material
for your own songs. When the
old Galliard passed on, dying in

|


Seer ewe ren car een neem sae area re mnrrensn arene)

ee" A
Nattor of the Forge C .
Quote: What you need, lass, is a good stout spear, JAUNA

; . - Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
and I'm just the man to — ow! What'd I say? Player Ausice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
: : roe, ; . Zz ronicle: ‘amp: ‘oncept: Forgemaster
Prelude: Born on the Isle of Man from a union 4 A Aipoh hfe
between Kinfolk, you never realized the difficulty of sunen 8 ceeeo rele Mtl oo
your situation; your mother was of Fianna stock, your eee, ee SS Eee
father from the Get of Fenris. Though you didn't know ee A ASM pia p marrmmomrvnmmvetlare
it at the time, both tribes watched you carefully, and isn Ow annialtig  ooonn: Comer oo000
you had more than your share of aunts and uncles 0000
: ; ‘ : ; 00000 ———seo00 0000
coming to visit, telling you wild stories about Beowulf 00000 ———so000 @e000
; , 0000 00000 posing
and Fionn mac Cumhail. baka send —
You Changed at an early age, and when presented Subecugs 0000 Suvivel'_———e0000 so000
to the spirits, your maternal heritage won mer e AL Aap fags
out. Still, you became close to your

Kinfolk e000 Falling Touch
stontor ecco Resist Toxin

@0000

father's Changing kin, sometimés act-

ing as a go-between when misunder- ——
standings cropped up between tribes. gJ ~ A Sf he ~
"Ronen Regt

Although youdidn't know ifyoucould Glory

00000

Q
; eeeceeev0e
a a
endure the constant sacrifices and tests ‘ Qooo0o0 9000000000 a
: a
demanded by the Get, you Srey eral et Q
. 4 a ect e@ee0000000 a
certainly respected : : gg000Q000aa a
the emphasis they f d ‘ 00000 WN iposer od
pla d on 3 - ~ _-SEAIIIIG eeeeev0000

me 9000000000
the virtue of
strength.

Casting
about for a
profession to
channel your
youthful energy
(and show off your already-
impressive physique), you ap-
prenticed with an elderly Get
who taught you the secrets of
the forge, secrets forgotten by

k are armed to the teeth, using only
weapons you crafted; your axes,
swords and spears are "proofed" in
Black Spiral or fomori blood before
you pass them on. After all, you
Zz take great pride in your handi-
fe work, and never let an inferior
blade bear your mark.

Concept: Fire, Air, Earthand
Water — with your skill and

mortal smiths. You quickly x 5 A i tireless strength youcombine
showed your aptitude as a 2 ; : Y the four elements into fine
blacksmith, forging pokers, z weapons of war. Fianna and
lanterns and horseshoes. Later, ) ~ if 4 Get prize what you produce,
you branched out into r and you take pride that, every

night, some Wyrm-spawn is feel-
ing your steel burn through its belly.

Roleplaying Hints: Generally friendly
and outgoing, you get real nervy when the
moon phases your way. You use hammer and
anvil to beat out the fire that flares within
you; your best work is done during the full of
the moon. You value your own strength as
your greatest attribute, and view your work

weaponsmithing, craft- y_ 2 ;
ing spears and swords ag by

fine enough for fe- 4 (A f

tishes. By day, you (any ye

work at a living ( ~ ia aE
history village, | ( J J

selling utensils Vo

andtrinketsto ,/ ¢~~
tourists; by (7 ),

night you / as a way to lend that strength to others.
aem. the Equipment: Forge, iron ingots, fine
island's

spear, spark-pocked jeans.
Garou. In battle you e ia 7

92

Altes osp00 Master of fite = * = |
t


a

Legend

Vhyguydd abt Jaen

Hygwydd ab Iaen was an elder of the Dyn a drowyd yn
flaidd near Oswestry two centuries before the Norman inva-
sion. A brash youth, his wisdom asa sept leader was hard-won.
But he had the blood of heroes and the touch of leadership,
and earned the respect, and later allegiance, of the Garou of
Cymru. His sept never wanted for warriors, as young Garou
from across the land gathered to his standard. More than once
his followers urged him to challenge for the kingship in Tara,
but his heart was rooted in his native woods. In fact, he
insulted the Ard Righ; commanded to appear at Tara for a
feast, he replied that he'd seen the palace and it held nothing
for him he couldn't find on his own soil. His casual defiance
crystallized the rift between the Irish Fianna and the insular
Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd, and set a precedent that was often
repeated for several hundred years.

Hygwydd was quite active against the Get of Fenris in a
local blood feud that had already lasted a dozen years and
deprived both septs of valuable warriors. Saxons on the border
had reason to stay out of the forests during the day and behind
barred doors by night, for Hygwydd's pack hounded Get Kin as
often as they quested for the Wyrm. But years of strife cost Gaia
many Garou and more Kinfolk, and the elder leader's wisdom
cooled his heart's cry for vengeance. As warriors massed in
Caledonia for the final battles against the Black Spirals, he
secretly met with the Get's sept leader, who agreed that there
were worthier adversaries than each other. So they planned so
seal the rift by fighting side by side in the far north. They were
ambushed by unknown Garou — to this day no one knows
which side did it — but when the Fianna arrived, they found
their foe dead and their leader unconscious and dying. The local
fae could heal him, but it would take a year and a day to do so.
He and his closest retainers were placed ina burial mound. Itwas
decided to let the Get think he was dead so thathe could surprise
them in the future. A sidhe by the name of Kerenhyr ap
Gwydion vowed a mighty oath to guard the dun until his son
Degan pronounced the magic phrase to awaken his father. The
words were known to Degan only, so when he died in battle two
months later, that caused a problem. No other knew the righ's
whereabouts oreven that he wasstill alive. A few centuries later,
the sidhe left the world... but not Kerenhyr, who waited
faithfully, his powers keeping the place hidden and timeless.

But now, the fae lord's powers are failing. The valley is
being developed, and every time a new building is put up or a
road improved, the Weaver drains the enchantments. He
knows that sooner rather than later people will stumble upon
his place and all will be lost. Unless a Fianna discovers and
speaks the words of power, reviving the slumbering warriors and
freeing the ancient fae before the modern world withers him....

Lunn Sevtey, of tbe Niglt Cyet Pak

The members of the Night Eyes pack come from the
Whispering Rover camp. During a foray to Canada, their

pack leader, Dawn Sentry, was impressed by the Wendigo
ability to disappear into the forest. He asked one where he
could learn how to be so stealthy, and the Garou laughed and
said, "Youcan ask the great Wendigo. Only he can teach you."

So Dawn Sentry traveled into the Umbra, searching for
Wendigo's realm. She found it, a forlorn land where bitter
winds howled across ice and snow. For hours she wandered
undaunted where the cold bit though parka and fur and flesh,
before great Wendigo rose from the ice to face the young Garou.
Wendigo laughed at the foolish young Fianna, but was im-
pressed enough at her courage to grant her request. "Before I
decide," the Incarna warmed, " you must be tested. I must taste
your flesh to see if you are too Wyrm-tainted to learn." Dawn
acquiesced, and didn't flinch as the cannibal spirit's enormous
jaws closed on her torso. Ribs snapped, lungs collapsed, and
Dawn crumpled in agony. Wendigo licked his bloody lips,
satisfied. "Very well, I shall teach you what you want to know.
But there are conditions. First, you may not share my gift
outside your pack. Second, those you teach, you must first taste
as] have tasted you. Third, you must never harm my people, the
firstcomers to the Pure Lands." In agony almost beyond hear-
ing, blind with pain, Dawn weakly nodded assent. Her clotting
wounds were rimed with frost. Wendigo grinned toothily, and
licked his lips. "You tasted fine, Wyrmcomer. Should we ever
meet again, I'll have the rest of you. And if you break your vow
to me, we will meet again."

The Wild and the Wise 93

maaan trea

aommimnnian

~

Dawn never fully recovered from the bite, but she
learned the Gift of Camouflage, and passed it on to her pack.
All bear the jagged scars of a Crinos bite, though none so
prominently as their leader. Although they still range across
Europe working as advance scouts, raiders and messengers,
they have found their trails leading towards North America
with increasing regularity.

The story of the Night Eyes Pack (sometimes referred to
as the "Once Bitten Pack" has drifted from sept to sept; when
in Wendigo country the pack meets with less derision than a
Fianna should expect — perhaps even a little respect. Dawn
Sentry's brave sacrifice has had the unintended side effect of
turning her pack into unofficial spokespeople for her tribe. In
at least two recent disputes, the Wendigo demanded to speak
to the Night Eyes rather than the local Fianna.

Zeale-cye and the Stonewalf Pack

Perhaps the most renowned Fianna pack in existence,
the Stonewall Pack had its genesis at the Third Battle of
Tara. When the Black Spiral Dancers shattered the para-
pets, the defenders were stunned and confused for several
crucial moments. Only Gavin Mac Fionn, heir of the high
king, leapt forward to plant his pack in the breach. It was he
who broke the first rush with the infamous spear, the Gae
Bolga. When he fell, his second retrieved the spear and slew
a great packleader before herself falling. By this point, a
dozen more Fianna had rushed to defend the breach, then a

94

score more. The fight for the gap raged with utter ferocity,
and in minutes combatants had to climb over the dead to
reach each other. In the hail of arrows, spears, bullets and
balefire, with spears and swords and claws painting the world
in shades of red, corpses filled the gap. Acts of selfless
sacrifice and heroic valor were too numerous to be acknowl-
edged or even noticed in the meatgrinder.

When the evil tide finally ebbed, only seven of the gap's
defenders were alive. Tied with bonds tempered in battle
and quenched in blood, they commemorated the defense by
forming a pack dedicated to aiding in desperate struggles
across the globe. The Ard Righ honored them by naming
the pack himself: "...for when the ancient wall failed they
became the wall. Therefore, ever after the Black Spiral
Dancers will hear the name of the Stonewall Pack, and
know dread." The pack chose Boar as their patron because
of the totem's never-say-die attitude and the fact that it's
most dangerous when cornered.

Since that blood-forged beginning, they have fought
for Gaia from Alaska to the Amazon, and from Europe to
Australia (and a number of Umbral locales besides). For
nearly a decade, the pack was all-Fianna. A Get of Fenris
challenged to join the illustrious band, and impressed the
packmembers so much that they set aside tribal rivalries.
Since then, Garou of any tribe who meet the rigorous
standards may be considered for membership. Prospec-
tive members must pass tests of honor, wisdom, and


strength, and must win the unanimous support of the
pack to join. Currently, the pack includes five Fianna, a
Get, a Silent Strider and a Silver Fang.

The pack carries a banner that includes name-glyphs of
all current or former members. There are currently 34 glyphs
on the fabric. There are three conspicuously blank spots;
these belonged to three Garou that betrayed their people, and
were stricken from the ranks. At the bottom of the banner are
two smaller glyphs representing those that died in the gap at
Tara. Three dying standard bearers asked the Theurge to bind
their spirits with the banner; these guardians circle the fetish
in the Umbra, defending their charge even after death.

One founding member survives; he is called Bale-eye
because of the hideous scarring he received from a dose of
Black Spiral balefire. Pack leader until a few years ago, his
counsel still carries great weight among the pack, though his
strength and speed are not what they once were. He was once
apackmate of Bron mac Fionn — they saved each other many
times over on that bloody Beltane — and he now wonders if
his old friend has fallen too far under the spell of the subtle and
capricious fae. Not that he would ever move against the Ard
Righ, but those faeries ought to be watched more closely.

Ard. Righ Eon Vac Fionn

Bron has never experienced anything buta life amongst
the Fianna. Born to a Garou mother and Kin father in the
Sept of the Tri-Spiral in Ireland, he lived in and around the

Bd

\ W " . SS ae

‘ N« CONS : ho

Ur ae a
ww eo AW . 3 vt

—

Seer amn.re mr reser EV Ne es

bawn of the caern all through his childhood. After his First
Change he rose to the position of the caern's leading war
bard before eventually claiming the position of Righ after
challenging the previous incumbent. He had caught the eye
of the Ard Righ of the Fianna, Brendan O'Rourke, who had
brought the government of the Fianna back to Tara in
Ireland after nearly 30 years of rule from America.

Bron, who took the name Mac Fionn as all Righs of the
Tri Spiral sept have, became his appointed successor in the
minds of most Fianna in Ireland, even if it was never made
official. When O'Rourke left for an Umbral quest following
the devastating attack on Tara by Black Spiral Dancers, Bron
was voted in as a matter of formality by the Council of Righs.

Bron rapidly set about trying to reaffirm and reinforce the
old alliances with the fae. He appointed a troll as his body-
guard after a particularly impressive display of martial prowess
and filled the halls of Tara with Changelings for the first time
in decades, if not centuries. However, fae politics turned out
to be more complex than he expected. He devoted more and
more of his time to building alliances with the ever-mercurial
fae, to the growing disgust of many of his advisors. He has
delegated the task of dealing with the growing crisis in
Scotland to Son-of-Moonlight, his successor at Tri-Spiral,
claiming that the negotiations were at a delicate stage.

Some are concerned that he is under a fae glamour, but
the truth is more mundane than that. Bron is ill-equipped
for the multitude of demands on an Ard Righ. The Fianna
value family and pack above all things, and a Garou who
keeps no counsel but his own is unlikely to be able to rule
them successfully. Bron is merely using his relationship with
the fae as an excuse to avoid his responsibilities.

Bron isa tall, burly man with a shock of red hair tinged
with gray and a beard to match. His body is liberally
scattered with scars, including a prominent one down his
left cheek. He appears to be early middle age and his
expression tends to swing wildly from welcoming smiles to
intimidating scowls. His Crinos and Lupus forms are black
with bright green eyes.

Since his accession to the position of Ard Righ, Bron's
tendency to listen to no counsel but his own has grown.
Increasingly, he makes no pretense of listening to others. He
is arrogant, driven and taciturn, apparently quite confident
in his place as leader of the Fianna and his decision to pursue
the old alliances with the fae. He desperately hopes that his
dream of allied fae, humans and Garou will stave off the
Apocalypse and is committed to achieving it at all costs.

Jon-of \toonfiglt

While Bron has grown more remote and distant from
his people in the last few years, Son-of-Moonlight, his
successor at Tri Spiral, has mellowed. Once a hard-line Eire
Fundamentalist, his relationship with of all things, a human
woman, and his role in managing the crisis in Scotland has
made him aware that the Fianna need all their resources,
homid and lupus, Garou and Kin if they are to survive to
fight in the coming Apocalypse.

7c i i ha ay

eco en as ce a nario

ae A"

While the Theurge's memories of his early life in a zoo
still anger him, he's ashamed of his time as a new Impergium
advocate. His relationship, born one Imbolc night and rock
solid since, has hada profound affect on his perception of the
world, as he has come to understand the virtues of humanity
rather than always seeing their failings. As a result, he's
become one of the most outspoken critics of the Mother's
Fundamentalists, and as a lupus, his voice carries significant
weight. While some have tried to mock him for his fierce
attachment to Niamh Plannery, he's rapidly showing them
exactly how much of an alpha wolf he is.

He's also taken the time to develop his skills as a
Theurge, and his knowledge of rites is now unsurpassed
amongst the Garou of Ireland. His successes as a tactical
leader and willingness to listen to the advice of those skilled
enough to warrant such attention have made him popular
with Fianna right across Europe, and some word of his skill
has passed to the Americas, too. The involvement of a
number of American packs in the fight to reclaim the Caern
of Gloom and Sorrow in Scotland has increased his renown
within the tribe as a whole.

In recent months he's been reaching out to other tribes
in the hope of seeing some form of co-operation. He sees that
they have more in common with each other than they do
with either humans or wolves. He's entered into preliminary
negotiations with Margrave Yuri Konietzko through a proxy,
Scots Fiann Robert "Rab" McNabb, but remains wary but
respectful of the powerful Shadow Lord Theurge.

Image: Son has a crimson/brown coat in his Lupus
and Crinos forms, switching to dark brown hair and
green eyes in Homid. He's in his early thirties, stands
nearly six feet tall and has s distinctly feral edge to him
in all forms. Many women find this very attractive, but
his heart is given to one alone.

Roleplaying Notes: Like many lupus, you've had
a hard time coming to terms with the human side of
your nature, but the last couple of years have changed
all that. You're fiercely in love with both Niamh and
your tribe, You've finally come to understand that
there's far more to the tribe than Ireland and much,
much more to defeating the Wyrm than killing hu-
mans. Your actions have the directness and ruthless-
ness of an alpha wolf coupled with the love of life and
Kin of agood Fianna. Your ruthlessness is coupled with
a genuine concern for those under you, and a growing
sense of the spiritual as a driving part of Garou exist-
ence rather than merely as a source of Gifts and power.
Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Theurge
Rank: 5
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/0/0)

9

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Crafts 1, Melee 2, Leadership 3,
Performance 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 4, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Totem 2, Allies 4
Rage: 7; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 7
Gifts: (1) Hare's Leap, Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Command Spirit, Glib Tongue,
Name the Spirit, Spear Dancing; (3) Exorcism, Pulse of the
Invisible; (4) Beast Life, Grasp the Beyond; (5) Call the Hunt
Rites: Rite of Boasting, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleans-
ing, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of Binding, Rite of
Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, The Hunt
Fetishes: None.
Laora PAvermer: Byrat-fhe-l yr

Laora was born in a small village in Northern France,
within a seagull's flight of the sea. Her parents were Kinfolk,
but only one of them was even vaguely aware of their
heritage. Laora was a headache for them from the moment
she learned to walk. One moment she's be playing dress-up
with other little girls, the next she'd be getting into vicious
brawls with local kids and then she'd be sitting on a cliffs
edge, staring over the sea, dreaming of travel. Over the years

Fianna

La ian


she learnt to moderate her temper somewhat, but would still
fly off the handle in defense of other kids.

When she was sixteen, a group of drunken British
holiday makers got a little too friendly with one of her
classmates and Laora reacted with a depth of passion that
she'd never felt before. The young Ahroun, in shock after her
First Change, was taken from her village by a distant relative
and his pack, who ensured the bodies of the tourists were
never found. Laora was initiated into the Fianna ina caern in
Southern England. There she fell in with a group of elders that
were despairing members of the Brotherhood of Herne. The
camp was nearly dead, its attraction to young Fianna under-
mined by its slip into national politics. The elders taught her
the tales of the old Brotherhood, who would give their lives
to defend caerns and Kinfolk a thousand miles from their own
homes, simply because it had to be done. These tales sparked
a fire in the young werewolf. The philosophy so closely
matched her personal values that she couldn't help but work
to rebuild the Brotherhood. An added bonus was the chance
it gave her to indulge her wanderlust.

Laora soon rose to a prominent position in the admit-
tedly spare ranks of the camp. She won her Garou name the
day she answered Herne's call from a caern in Wales. Given
a day's respite between attacks, she managed to conceive
and set up a trap that led the majority of the Wyrm's forces
into an abandoned building heavily doused in petrol. The
few that didn't burn to death were easily tracked down and
destroyed by the Wild Hunt.

With the death of the former leader of the Brotherhood,
Laora rose unopposed to the leadership role and has overseen
the revitalization of the camp. Her passion for the cause has
attracted a large number of young Fianna from all over the
world, glad to have a chance to win honor without having to
leave their homes.

Image: To say Laora is flamboyant would be an under-
statement. The tall, lithe warrior is never seen out of
dramatic, striking clothing even when she's preparing for
battle. The only thing that matches her passion for clothes
is her love of battle and red wine. When off duty, she dresses
exquisitely in the latest fashions. She also has a heavy
jewelry habit that most would consider ostentatious. She
wears her auburn hair down to her shoulders, and she keeps
the same coloration in all her forms.

Roleplaying Notes: Laora is consumed by passion for
everything she does. The intensity with which she throws
herself into something can be quite frightening. Lovers have
been scared off by her obsessive affection and her packmates
are a harried, weary bunch. Laora tends to ignore the bad
things in life in her all-consuming joy in the glory of living
as Garou. One moment she can be consumed with the joy of
battle, the next with the beauty of a flower.

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ahroun

Rank: 3

ess

EEK
S————_—

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 4,
Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 1

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Leadership 4, Melee 3,
Performance 2, Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 3, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Politics 3, Rituals 3, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Pure Breed 2

Rage: 6; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1) Falling Touch, Inspiration, Persuasion, Smell of
Man, Speed of Thought; (2) Fire in the Belly, Howl of the
Banshee, Staredown; (3) Heart of Fury

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Boasting, Rite of Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: "Joyeux," fetish axe (inflicts aggravated damage
and allows the wielder to invoke the Gift: Spirit of the Fray
once per night)

Strat Skefkr-fhe-Truphr Brown

The reputation of Stalks-the-Truth as one of the Garou
Nation's finest up-and-coming Ragabash was made the day he
called King Jonas Albrecht a "whorehopper" to his face and

The Wild and the Wise 97

, alae ee EN


ended up, to everyone's surprise, drinking the night away with
the Silver Fang rather than gathering up his own intestines.

Stuart is the elder son of Margaret and Colum Brown,
a pair of Kinfolk living in the Appalachians in North

America. At his father's insistence he was told nothing of

his heritage and set out carving a career for himself as a
journalist. He trained at the local community college, but
disagreed with much of what he was taught. The traditional
journalistic notion of objective reporting offended Stuart,
especially as he soon realized it was often hypocrisy —
finding "an angle" on the story always meant stepping away
from objectivity, Instead, he adopted a gonzo journalistic
style, putting himself and his opinions into the story.
Eventually, he managed to persuade one of the local
papers to carry an investigative column written by him, left
home and started traveling widely across the US. A year or
so into his writing career, a national paper picked up on this
angry young talent and he started traveling even farther,

researching his pieces. His First Change came on one of

those research trips. He poked a little too deeply into the
business of a corrupt city commissioner, and only survived
through of the intervention of a pack of local Garou.
Since then, he's lived a double life. On the surface he's
an abrasive journalist digging into America's dark side,
while in truth he's an idealistic crusader for Gaia. He's been

instrumental in rooting out many Wyrm-corrupted organi-
zations and individuals in the couple of years since his
change. His obsession with sniffing out the truth, however
unpalatable it might be, earned him his nickname. He's
rapidly become one of the more recognizable Fianna in
North America and may soon be a significant mover and
shaker in the tribe's politics. As one of the leading champi-
ons of the idea that not every Fiann should be beholden to
some Celtic throwback in Ireland, he tends to create contro-
versy wherever he goes.

His hobbies include stirring up hornets' nests with his
investigations, driving fast cars, taking recreational drugs
and drinking himself silly in front of wresting or NASCAR
racing on the TV.

Image: Stuart is an average height, rail-thin guy with a
nice line in fashionable but inexpensive and poorly main-
tained suits and frequently offensive ties. His face is often
surprisingly intense or even stern for one of his auspice. He
wears his brown hair long, usually tied back in a ponytail. His
Crinos and Lupus forms are a brown tinged with auburn. The
most distinctive thing about him in all his forms is an intricate
golden torc he wears around his neck at all times.

Roleplaying Notes: Although Stuart is witty and sharp,
there's an abrasive edge to him when he's riled that stops
most people getting too close. He can be extremely manipu-
lative when he's researching a story. If you were to ask him
if he believed in the fae, he'd say, "Only after I've washed
down the third hit of Blue Lightning with some Everclear."
For Stuart, something isn't true until it is proved to be so to
his complete satisfaction, and he'll go to any lengths to
reach that point.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Rank: 3

Physical: Strength 2 (3/6/5/4),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appearance
2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1,
Survival 1

(2/3/4/4),

Dexterity 2

Drive 3, Firearms 1, Stealth 2,
Knowledges: Computer |, Investigation 4, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 1, Politics 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 1, Resources 3
Rage: 2; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal, Persuasion,
Resist Toxin; (2) Jam Technology, Taking the Forgotten;
(3) Reshape Object

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Torc of the Wolf

Fianna

en

inion -,


Ora Reading

It should be evident to the reader that this Tribebook
is not an accurate reference work on historical Celtic
cultures. Nor should it be. True, most — not all — Fianna
come from bloodlines that are intertwined with areas where
the Celts and related peoples used to hold sway. However,
the Children of Stag are a continuous culture that reaches
back for millennia, and that draws as much from wolf society
as from the human societies they most commonly found
themselves interbreeding with. They are not meant to be
100% accurate to the latest scholarly treatise on the Celts,
any more than the Silent Striders are meant to be an
accurate portrait of life under the Pharaohs (or, heaven
forbid, the "truth behind ancient Egyptian religion"). The
Fianna are werewolves first, and some of the discrepancies
between what a Fianna sept is like and what a Celtic culture
was like are very deliberate. After all, Fianna culture has
spread farther and lasted longer than any human culture in
existence; it's silly to assume that everything they did from
the Impergium to modern days is going to be as accurate to
one particular group of human cultures as possible.

However, Celtic myth and legend can provide some
pretty interesting inspiration for Fianna. This is particularly
true if you're playing a Fianna Galliard. After all, if you're
going toad libarelevant legend about a mighty Ahroun who
descended into the Dark Umbra to pay a debt of honor, it
adds a little extra verisimilitude if the story is kind of like
that of Pwyll and Arawn. Although it's poor form to assume
that every historical figure of note was a supernatural (or
Kin, or under a supernatural creature's influence), the
stories of ancient battles and migrations might suggest some
ideas for Fianna deeds that happened "in the shadows" at
about the same time.

Just be careful about trying to tell your Storyteller
things like "The Fianna shouldn't do that; that's not what
the Celts were like!" You may find your character banished
to a peat bog.

Zooks

History

There are any number of history books on the subject of
Celts and the Celtic nations. Here are just a few to get you
started, but the more you look the more you'll find.

The Celts (1980, Thames & Hudson) One of the
pioneering modern studies of the Celts. Almost an essential
read for anyone serious about the subject.

The World of the Celts (1993, Thames and Hudson Ltd.)
by Simon James — An excellent overview of the Celts, with
details on their life and history from all across Europe and
western Asia. A fine starting point.

The Ancient Celts (1997, Oxford University Press) by
Barry Cunliffe — Somewhat more in-depth than the previ-
ous book.

The Wild and the Wise

—EEEOo

The Celts (2000, Cassell & Co) by John Davies. Writ-
ten to accompany the Welsh TV channel S4C's series of the
same name, it provides a good overview of modern thinking
on the Celts. The series itself is well worth watching, if you
can find it.

The Celts: Life, Myth and Art (1998, Stewart, Tabori &
Chang) by Juliette Wood. A lightweight but lavishly illus-
trated book that's wonderful for flicking through in search
of inspiration.

Celtic Britain (1997, Thames & Hudson) by Charles
Thomas. A fairly heavy and scholarly work looking at the
period between the departure of the Romans and the estab-
lishment of the English kingdoms in the late 7th Century.
A good study of the Celts at a time of turmoil, which make
great inspiration for the Fianna and their problems.

Pre-Christian Ireland (1988, Thames and Hudson Ltd.)
by Peter Harbison. In the same series as the previous book;
deals with the Celtic and pre-Celtic cultures of Ireland.

Rome's Enemies (2): Gallic and British Celts (MAA 158)
by Peter Wilcox and Arthur and the Anglo-Saxon Wars
(MAA 154) by David Nicolle (Osprey Publishing) are
useful both for history and for imagery (both volumes feature
plates of Angus McBride's excellent artwork).

The Oxford Illustrated History of Ireland (1989, Oxford
Publishing) edited by R. F. Foster.

A Short History of the Wolf in Britain (1994, Pryor
Publications) by James E. Harting — Originally published
in 1880, this book gives early accounts of the wolf in the Isles
until its apparent extirpation in 1760 or so. A nice volume
if you can find it.

Emigrants and Exiles: Ireland and the Irish Exodus to North
America (1985, Oxford University Press) by Kerby Miller.
The title says it all.

MN iyfpholoyy

While all of the Fianna's Kinfolk had their own myths,
those of the Continental Celts are nearly impossible to tease
out of available literature; the mythology of the "Six Celtic
Nations" — Ireland, Man, Scotland, Wales, Cornwall and
Brittany — have been diluted by time and retelling through
monks and others with imperfect understandings of the
culture. Nevertheless, what remains can inspire "true tales of
what the Fianna really did" for players and Storytellers alike.

The style and translation of the tales themselves vary in
quality with the modern authors, so check reviews to get the
best version. There are also many novels incorporating
elements of Celtic legendary, though we'll stick to the old
stuff here.

Legends of the Celts (1994, HarperCollins) by Frank
Delaney. An accessible and well-written retelling of some
central Celtic myths.

Myths & Legends of the Celts (1998, Senate). A weightier
book, but similar in style to the previous book.

The Chronicles of the Celts (1999, Carroll and Graf) by
Peter Beresford Ellis — A selection of tales from the Six

99
nomena

|

Seen rm eer rsa rene rene nares are ar a res mnarenmeerenv

Nations, using extrapolations from extant stories to get as
close to the pre-Christian tradition as possible. The intro-
duction is also quite interesting, comparing the linguistic
and cultural similarities between Celtic and Indian tradi-
tions. It also relates a creation myth for the Celtic peoples.
The bibliography is also worth looking into.

A Dictionary of Irish Mythology (1989, ABC-Mythology,
Oxford University Press) by Peter Beresford Ellis — Excel-
lent source for who did what in the Irish tales.

Gods and Fighting Men (1904 with later reprints) by
Lady Gregory — Written at the turn of the 20" century, this
covers the coming and passing of the Tuatha de Danaan and
the Finian Cycle. The volume was part of the Celtic resur-
gence of the Victorian and Georgian eras.

The Mabinogion is the title for a collection of Welsh
tales; while colored by sensibilities of the medieval writers
who recorded the tales, they are essentially Welsh.

The Tain (a.k.a. the Tain bo Cuailnge) is an (many say
the) epic tale of Ireland. The translation by Thomas Kinsella
is recommended.

GURPS Celtic Myth (Steve Jackson Games) by Ken
and Jo Walton — A gaming supplement is seldom a good
source for historical authenticity, but this volume is a
rather useful guide for flavor. Includes short blurbs on the
major myth cycles of Britain and really useful sidebars on
culture and tradition.

100

Aid tional Mapertaf,

A simple Internet search will reveal pronunciation
guides for the various Celtic languages; translation dictio-
naries also have them. Useful for those Fianna who like
obscure phrases to confound their enemies.

If all your traditional characters are named Angus
McSomething, you might invest in a good name book, such
as The Melting Pot Book of Baby Names (3" edition 1995.
Betterway Books) by C. L. Ellefson, or Celtic Names for
Children (1998. O'Brien Press) by Loreto Todd, both of
which categorize names by country. The former is particu-
larly good for Fianna of Spanish, French or other extraction.

Corlat

Sldine: Warrior Beyond Time (2001, Hamlyn) by Pat
Mills, Dermot Power and Glenn Fabry. A collection of two
of the many tales of Sléine, Celtic warrior and king, told in
the pages of 2000AD, a British comic. Bloody, violent,
lecherous and bawdy, they make great Fianna reading.
Tir

Braveheart. While its history if often lamentably inaccu-
rate (The Battle of Stirling Bridge, without the bridge?), its
spirit is spot on. So much so, in fact, that it had many Scots
cheering in the aisles while they were watching the film

Trainspotting. A useful reference for a modern World of
Darkness Scotland. Films like the Commitments do the same
for Ireland, but with a more comedic tone.

Fianna

ia iio

|

— TANNA

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Zz Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
4 a
Phiys/onf Joclhaf Nienfaf
Strength. @0000~ Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina_____———— @OO000 = 8=Appearance___———@O0000 )3=6CWWits__ CC OC
Tafewtt — Xnonferget
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken OO0O00O Computer 00000
Athletics 00000 _— Crafts 00000 _ Enigmas 00000
Brawl. 00000 Drive 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge 00000 | Etiquette O0O0000 — Law 00000
Empathy 00000 Firearms OOOOO Linguistics 00000
Expression 00000 Leadership 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation O0000 Melee 00000) Occult___ 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 © Stealth ooooo || Rituals 00000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Survival 90000 Science______———s7~>70P00
Backgroundt Gift Gift
OOO00O0
OOO0O0O0
OOO0O0O
OO0O00O0
—_—SSSSSSSSSCsMC OPO OOD
———— Renown a Rage laff ——mmmtow
Glory Bruised QO
0000000000
0000000000 Hurt 1 Q
QOO000000090 YHOOHOO0OROO Injured 1 a
Honor —irlinal Z ee :
0000000000 aS
O000000000 Crippled 5 Oo
noo000000g00 ncrpacitatsd 5
Wisdom NOOOO00000 NeApaGitaye
0000000000 —N ipower ———x TPlbal Weakpas[—
QOOOOOORROO ggg 0000000 LOW SELF CONTROL:
hy ALL WILLPOWER ROLLS ARE

—— Reims ARG ars DIFFICULTY

re aa ———————— ee


—- Hom/f,
Strength(+2)____—s- Strength(+4).—s Strength(+3)___— Strength (+1)
No Stamina(+2)____—- Dexterity(+1). __—- Dexterity (+2)___—- Dexterity (+2)___
Change Appearance(-1)__- Stamina (+3). Stamina (+3)___—s- Stamina (+2)
Manipulation(-2)____ Appearance 0 Manipulation(-3)___- Manipulation(-3)___
Manipulation(-3), +1 DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
ne DELIRIUM
HUMANS
—- her Trt a Dif ths eaienatatl
OO0O00O0 Item: __ Level Gnosis
OO0O00O Power:__
OO000O0 Item: Level Gnosis
OO0O00O0 Power:
OO0000 Item: Level Gnosis
OO0000 Power: =
OO0O00O0 Item: Level Gnosis
OO0O00O0 Power:
00000 Rie
OO0000
00000 Ni
o00000.N
OOO0O0O
ooooo |
OOO00O
OO000O0
OO0000
OO000O0
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage | Range| Rate | Clip ZSrarting Oharfé
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 — Strength+1/A
J Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 — Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 © Strength+1/A
Grapple Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1/B
Punch —-Dex+Brawl 6 —Strength/B
A=Aggra
BeBashing Damage
AYtpor,___

N > i

<—~ Tranna 2

Nature: Demeanor:
Ge Cot Faw aie
nome pated Backgroyn| mnamcmlar _
Nenfor
Ancetport Pure Breed
Confacht Raoyrcet
| Ktofole Tofem
merece es HAO! Lar A. Ceperlenit wamemnemeeeor
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:____
Gained From: L
Equipment (Owned):
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:
Level: Type: Spent On:
Totem:

Leader:

gs

——————

Glabro: Eathle Stars:
Crinos:
Hispo:
Lupus: N efit Deformtty:
lack Chart Character Skotoh

Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:
Height | Weight
Homid: :


TR Geet 8 O00 K

JAUNA

Fight For Glory, Strive For wii sdoln

They laugh louder and weep harder than any other tribe. They fight as"
thought they' ve already accepted their own deaths, but do their best to: liv es
life to the fullest. They treat their foes with: ho mercy, and they 1 treat their.
families with enduring love. They make bloodthirsty enemies, but outstanding, ey
friends. They are the Children of Stag, the Fianna: Z a

Live Each Day As If 14. Were Your bast.

The Hew Tribebooks continue with Tribebook: Fianna, the Ducboek: ee
SaNTeae the spirited Celtic" Ww arrior- tribe. Learn' their secret wisdom,
challenge the most récent thréats to their:sur' vival,use the new Gifts,
Pictes spirit allies and rites provided w ithin. And do your family prouds ,

» a

SEREWOLF

HEA POCALY PSE

"st

wy
£

www.white-wolf.com
ISBN 1-58846-306-0
WW3854 $14.95 US.

Scanned by

PRINTED IN USA Wont) of
