# File: Followers of Set.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Tigh athe tee of
A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"


belly and eat dust
of your
Genesis 3:14

crawl on your

every

Sess

SSS



Chapter One Through a Serpent 'sEyes
Chapter Two Hissing in the Dark
Chapter Three' Children of the Dark God
Chapter Four Templates

Appendix One Setites of Note

Appendix Two'Last Supper Errata

Contents 5



————————

Chapter One: |
Through Pty

Serpent's Eyes

after finishing

TTTTtrt

Chapter One: Through a Serpent's Eyes


a

belong, but to conform. Not respect for authority, but disre-
gard. The academy taught you to despise those weaker than
yourself, Most importantly, it taught you the lesson of
brutality

You believed then tha g the uniform ofa polic

would give you the recognition you craved, and it did,
in away. When they recognized your uniform, it bought you
their fear. Swaggering down the street, eyes hidden behind
sunglasses, hand resting oh-so-casually on the holster of your
gun, you came to savor the fear that your presence brought.
Sure, uptown you were a symbol of law and order, you were
part of the thin blue line separating society from anarchy
But downtown, it was another matter. Downtown wa
other world. The gangs, the pimps, the whores, the losers
they soon learned to respect you. And if they didn't respect
you, well, fearand hate in equal measure wasafinesubstitute,
as far as you were concerned.

You came to know your power intimately, just as you
came to know the preening women in stilettoes and fishnets
who would kneel before you in an alleyway, servicing you
free of charge, lest you drag them kicking and screaming
before the duty sergea e eof soliciting. You

jor the kick of crack as you inhaled, lighter-flame
dancing before your bloodshot eyes. You came to depend
upon themoney youtook in return for looking the other way.

You never thought of yourself as the bad guy, much less
"evil." Hell, you never even thought of yourself as corrupt
From the talk around the station, you knew that sooner of
later, every cop bent. little in the wind... bent or broke. You
lived in that kind of worl.

Corruption was the farthest thing from your mind the
night she took you. Itwasa night like any other; your partner
beside you telling you about the girl he'd had on the w
end, nothing but another statistic to his
routine story to you. The smog was sharp at the back of yo
throat as you breathed in the smell ofsweat, donuts, Chinese

‘ed, head held high, thinking.
about the new girl down the block who hadn't paid you yet,
and how you'd make her pay. One hand on your gun,
knowing when to agree with your partner and when to stay
silent, nes ing to his words, having heard them all
before from other men on other nights. You were thinking
about the girl with the slim hips and the frightened smile.
Couldn't be a day over 15, but you'd show her the world.

Headlights blinked at you, cars snarled, a newspaper
crawled down the street before flapping off in the humid
summer breeze. The stars hid behind clouds the color of a
smoker's lungs. From the comer of your eye you saw a wino

slumped in the doorway of a pawn shop, brown paper bag
covering a bottle clutched in one gnarled hand, and you
thought about running him in just for the hell of it. But you

assed him by, wanting to get to the girl, led onward by your
urgent need.

Clanbook: Setites


‘And beside you your partner droned on as you tured
down thealley, his voice echoing off the grime-slicked walls,
and you didn't even register his voice stop until his words,
were a wet red scream, soft as the mew of a drowning kitten,
until his blood splashed your shoulder and you turned to see
him lying among the dirt on the alley floor, a second mouth,
slashed open beneath his chin,

Te was just h
hood with ak
thrashing like th:

nnd you. No one stood in the alley, no
fe, but your partner wasn't standing, he was
get you shot in the gut, and you were
tying to scream while one hand went to your mouth tohold
back the vomit and the other hand went for your gun. You
crouched, not wanting to touch him, knowing it was too late
to check for a pulse because you could see the fading of his
heartbeat with every fountain of scarlet spraying from his
neck, and before your eyes his jaw went slack and his bowels

letgoandhis feet danced on the pavement one last desperate
time and he was dead,

Your donuts joined his blood on the pavement. Retch-
ing and shaking, you crawled to your feet, dropped your
heavy service revolver, swore as if the profanity could keep
the horror awa slippery with blood and
bile. You turned, reached for the radio at your bele with one
shaking hand, had to call chis in, and another hand, strong
ashate, cold as fear, grasped your wrist and held you tight. A
second hand, nails sharp as razors soaked in blood, your

picked up the

uniform. You no longer carry a
authority save thi

you carry in

your mouth and eyes. Now you have recognition. Now you

belong,

low you are a shadow
a Follower of Set

threat,

nightmare. Now

torrie. You toss your reverie aside as easily as
pe
and serpentine. Flicking your
to taste the air, you assure yourself that none
have penetrated your haven as you slept through the day,
then slide out of your sarcophagus and igh the loose

shedding your skin,

ind with a word and a thought rest
ore supple

hieroglyphs and paintings of py
axloming th youshift again, stand
‘on two legs and walk towards the door, slide back the heavy
bolts, punch a code into the electronic alarm,
open the door of your sanctum.

ids, cattle and kings

partner's blood, grasped your jaw, forced your head up,
forcing you to look into eyes like black holes
Il you

nda grin more
aw was the teeth,
.driftingasdelicately
as snow towards your thickly-muscled neck as, chokir
tried to scream.

And now you were thrashing like
teeth sunk into your neck, an ecstatic, agonizing kiss. You
felt yourself shaking, gasping, feet lifted a foot off the ground
as your blood pumped, pumped, pumped into the mouth of
the woman who crushed you to he Yousaw the world
receding, heard your heartbeat slowing, felt yourself dropped
in slow motion, floating to the alley floor. Faintly you heard

fish on a hook, the

down ye

i throat, burning you, searing lips and tongue, and
aste of it, hot and pulsing, better than crack, better than
etter than dying.

as you grasped
atyourmouth:

the source of thisnectarthe wrist
;,andcold strong handshelped
you stand and whispering in your ear about pain
and power and death and darkness and suffering but all you
wanted wasto drink again until you burst. You threw yourself
‘on your partner's cooling body and lapped the blood from the
ed lips of his torn throat,
laughing.

nd you he:

‘The apartment is in darkness,

ingly you glide towards the shower, and after luxuriating
h the scalding spray, briskly towel yourself dry before
donning your robes of velvet and satin. You cinch the sash
mooth one hand over the embroi-
1 hunger stirring within you.

about your slender waist,
der
You walk to the windows of you
curtains, look dows

on the glittering web of streetlights
strung on the necklace of the night, and smile. It is not a
pleasant smi ncisco lies spread out before you. A
plethora of pleasures awaits your tender ministrations,
eternity of evil. Your laughter rings about the
you walk towards the door.

Chapter One: Through a Serpent's Eyes



Chapter Tso'

ISSI : n The
: or x

Well you know the story of the vi
long and lean with a poi h

Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, "Jack the Ripper

as told by Sir Marriot D'Urban bn pablo

You are awake. Good. Soon you shall drink agai

rnded from the ancients. Unlike us, however,

ans of the Kindred are descended from only a
mortal, while we are the children

from your eyes that you remember the last time you drank Lie still, childe, Listen to my words. This is your sacred

You did well, downing the full goblet of vitae so quickly. history. You must know it in order to know yourself, and to
Not even a shudder. I liked that. And I see also that you know what it is you have become, I tell it to you now as I
femember the flames, the pain we put you through, the heard it from my sire, as she heard it from her sire before her

trials and torments of your initiation. That pain was neces Youare descended, in direct lineage, from Set Himself

sary. Itproved tous that yourdevotion tothe sect wasmore the wartior-god of ancient Egypt. Like yourself, Set was

than skin-deep,

\ce a mortal man, born by the shores of the bountiful river

The burns you suffered last night? They are no more. Nile almost 7,000 years ago. Set was a great hunter
Your blood has healed them. Yes, itis miraculous, is it not? warrior, Hi val His elder brother Osiris. Both Set
But many things that seem miraculous to you now, you will and Osiris were the grandchildren of Ra, a mighty chieftain

thing you must never forget: flames, relight, especially the quered and united Upper and Lower Egypt. It was
light of the sun, you must avoid all these if you value your largely due to Set's skill at arms that the tyrant Ra consoli
expose yourself to the sun, it would surely slay you. The sun

has always been crueller to our clan than it is to others
among the Kindred.

Prt ttt tt rrr


Ra was a jealous ru is only by trickery that his
children, Geband Nut, had borne children of their own. Ra
had commanded them to bear no heirs, fearing that such
offspring might covet his power. Ra was ever fearful, and as
Set and Osiris grew to manhood, he became more and more
suspicious of them. Like Geb, theie father, the two young
‘men married their sisters, Isis and Nephthys, Osiris and Isis
ithering Horus. Set and Nephthys produced no offspring.
As Ra grew feeble with age, his mind decayed. He
ordered the deaths of Geb and Nut for siting children and
betraying him. Geb was buried alive, and Nut, after she had
been killed, was dismembered, hee flesh fed to the vultures
In later years, following the arising of the Cult of Osiris, the
martyred brother and sister were worshipped as gods. Geb
was revered as Lord of the Earth, and Nut as Goddess of the
Sky, the memory of their murder excised by the passage of
time, and only the nature of their deaths recalled. G
hearted Set cried out against His parents' murder, and fought
Ra, whom He now hated. As punishment for His loyalty to
His parents, Set was exiled to the deserts which flanked the
thin strips of fertile land on either side of the Nile.
Treacherous Osiris remained silent, prosteating hin
self before Ra like the cur that he was. Osiris declared
himself loyal to the slayer of his mother and father. Ra
led him, declaring the traitor his heir. With Ra's
|, Osiris was anointed King of Upper and Lower Egypt
Obsequious to the end, Osiris declared his late grandfath
divine. And so the worship of Ra the Sun C
established throughout the lands of the Nile

Clanbook: Setites

wg heard in exile of a's death, returned to Egypt.

Here He discovered that Hissister-wife Nephthys had forsaken
Him, sleeping in His brother's bed and giving Osiris another
son, Anubis. Set did not remonstrate with His wife, being ever
tolerant, but asked of Osiris, as was only fa as brothers
they should divide the Kingdom equally between them. Set
requested that He be made Lord of Upper Egypt, which was

ly desert ain the throne of Lower Egypt,
which wasmade fertile by the Nile Delta, Osiris refused Set,and
in the manner of his grandfather, banished Set to the desert,
saying unto Him, "Go, and let the sands give you comfort, and

ppents and scorpions be your only com

In sorrow and rage Set departed Egypt, travelling north,
to the land of Assyria, where He lived for a time under the

ame Sutekh, It was in this doleful exile that Set was discov-
ered by His sire, just as I discovered you all those months ago.
Like myself, Set's sire was a vampire, a drinker of blood. Fe
millenia have we lurked unseen and unnoticed in humanity's
shadows. Sets sie was the Childe of Caine; we would call her
one of the Second Generation, Caine was the first vampire,
the First Generation. | myself am of the L1th Generation.

Set and His sire journeyed thence to the Second City,
where the Second Generation and their childer dwelled in
darkness. Here Set met His brothers and sisters of the Third
Generation, of whom many were unkind to Set, as elder
siblings will be to those younger than themselves. To Set, the
vampires of the Third Generation we fuland unkind,
He tried tohave little todo with then
better Himself, as He always had,


Set learned much concerning the Kindred in those
carly years. Sunlight was hateful to all the Children of
Caine, but Set discovered light, any kind of light, bothered.

Him unduly, more than it did any others among the
Damned. Sunlight, especially, caused Set terrible wounds.
Set believed that this was because the Sun-God, Ra, was

id this is why the sun is hateful tous still

Much of His learning took Set away from the Second

sas while Set wasabsent on one such journey that the

Jeneration rose up and slew their sires. News of this

foul deed made its way to Set where He wandered alone in the

wilderness. Set swore vengeance upon the Third Generation,

who had murdered His sire together with their own, Set's

se Hissire's murder marked the beginning of

between all Kindred which today we call

the Jyhad. Most vampires have forgotten the origins of the

Jyhad, but we remember, and we know that itisajustand holy
war, and one that we continue in Set's

Set knew that He would need a mighty army at His

command if He were to fulfil His oath, There was but one

land whose warriors were capable of uch atask, Set knew. So

He returned at last to Egypt. By chance, or perhaps by a trick

of the ancients, Osiris had been Embraced in Set's absence,

having through his tyrannical reign over Egypt attracted the

attentions of another vampire. Great was the struggle be-

n Set and Osiris, but ultimately Set was triumphant. He

‘ed His brother's corpse into fourteen pieces, scattering

the remains across Egypt. Set also slew Anubis and Horus,

Osiris's sons, but in his mercy let both Isisand Nephthys live.

Chapter Two: Hissing In The Dark


a

It was His mercy that almost proved Set's downfall.
Unknown to Him, Isis had grown to be a powerful sorceress
in his absence. She retrieved the body of Horus, restoring
hhim to life as the fist mummy. Having proved to herself the
efficacy of her evil magic, Isis gathered up the pieces of her
brother's boxy, all save his penis, which had been eaten by a
crab, and with blood and magic resurrected the vampire
Osiris. Even asshe did, Set arrived to dobattle with the forces
‘marshalled against Him, Once again Osiris was slain. Isis was
also killed, and Horus badly maimed,

Upon awakening, many centuries late, from the torpor
intowhich He had fallen after the battle, Set discovered that
the wonhipofRa, now called Amon-Ra, had spread through
out Egypt. Much of the sun-god-cult's power was due to the
machinations of the mummy Horus, Set's immortal and

despised nephew. Betrayed by His family, Set swore to
destroy the cults of Amon-Ra and Isis, although such ven:

sgeance was only secondary to the Jyhad Set fought against
the Third Generation.

For 2000 years Set'spower grew, until the very Pharaohs
of Egypt were pawns in His struggle, Set became worshipped
by those mortals He guided against the false gods of Isis and
Amon-Ra. Egypt's very capital moved from Memphis, where
Amon-Ra's worship was greatest, tothe city of Tanis, where
Set's temple stood. Pharaohs named themselves Seti in His
honor, The Cult of lis, Set's enemies, led by His immortal
and evil nephew Horus, was greatly weakened, Horus him:
self had been slain again, his eternal spirit banished to the
Underworld

nn

Clanbook: Setites

Not even the murderous struggles of the Third Genera
tion, and the Childer they sired to fight against Him, could
tamish Set's glory. Even constant unprovoked! attacks by
Lupines could only weaken Set, not destroy Him.

While Set sought to heal the damage inflicted upon His
kingdom by the Lupines, Horus was reborn. Taking advan-
tage of Egypt's weakened state, the evil mummy betrayed his
homeland, leadinga Libyan army to invade and conquer the
country. Set escaped to the desert at the last minute, only
when it was clear to Him that all was lost, Horus established
himself as Egypt's ruler, showing a vicious disdain for mortal
life. Under the mummy's harsh rule, Thebes became the new
Egyptian capital. Amon-Ra's worship was re-established,
and the depraved, death-worshipping Cult of Isis was re
vived.

Banished to the desert, Set swore to become as deadly as
the sands which sheltered Him. Just as His enemies had
betrayed Set, so He promised to wield treachery and cor
tion against them. As did the Thitd Generation whom He
fought, Set created Childer to serve Him, Pity Him, this
srreat hero who isthe father of usall, abandoned and betrayed
onevery side, Weep for Him, weep tears of blood, and swear
to continue His struggle against his enemies


Voices from the Shadows

To: Comte Jules Lehmann de Marigny, Paris Chapter House

From: Edwarde Hagger, Vienna Chapter House

Date: 12th March 1998

‘The following inscription was translated from a papyrus, originally unearthed
by Howard Carter in 1923, and only lately rediscovered in the Cairo Museum
where it had languished for many years. The hieratic script employed would date
it from the 19th Dynasty, circa 1320-1200 BC, although a carbon-dating test
carried out on the papyrus suggests it was written as recently as the 16th century

D.

The possibility of a scholar fluent in New Kingdom hieratic living during the
Renaissance is unsettling, to say the least, while the contents of the document chill
my very soul. What further nightmares are hidden in Egypt's tombs, of which this
soroll is the merest intimation, I shudder to think,

Turge you, Jules, as head of the Paris Chapter House, to turn the considerable
powers at the.Aroanum's disposal to deciphering this papyrus, and the threat it
poses.

Your friend,

omire

We are the Children of Darkness. We are the Followers of Set, Beloved of the
Serpent Apep who swallows the Sun. Where there is evil, we are; where the sweet
taint of corruption hangs heavy in the air, so too are we found. We follow in our
Father's footsteps; exiled into the darkness, we make the darkness supreme.
From Egypt to England, Granada to Cathay, our coils slowly strangle the world,

Set was born between earth and sky and was raised on blood and sand. His
enemies are our enemies: ,Amon-Ra the Sun God, Horus One-Eye, all who uphold
faith, hope, purity. We seduce them, we corrupt them, we destroy them. Sabbat
and Camarilia matter not to us, for all are as one, to be shown the power of the
darkness, then devoured. The Camarilla grasp at the straw of humanity while
drowning in a tide of blood. ‘The Sabbat fear Gehenna, not seeing that it is the
Uiberation all Cainites crave. Given time, we shall open the eyes of all, and all
will be blinded by the shadows.

These are our strengths: corruption, degradation and fear. Through corrup-
tion we gain power, bringing the good closer to us, and the weak under our
control. Degradation is @ tool to destroy the proud and strengthen the impure;
by degrading the pure soul we honor Set, by revelling in degradation we increase
our understanding of decay. Fear is our most potent weapon. Through fear of
death, we spur mortals on to further excess; through fear of undying, we
torment the Kindred with that which is denied them.

Weare the agents of despair. Hope is a lie. Salvation is a fool's dream, In the
end, there is naught but darkness and nightmare. By submitting to the darkness
we incréase its power, ensuring that all the sooner the world will be swallowed
by shadow. Entropy is inescapable, claiming all, from the proudest Kindred to
the lowltest kine. By our deeds we remind all of entropy. We serve as living
testament to entropy, as agents of decay. We are the hiss of the serpent, the
inexorable weight of night. Through us works the will of our Lord, through us
speaks the Void. As Set slew Osiris, we slay the world, even as we whisper sweet
words of corruption in its ear. We are death. We are night unending. We are the
Followers of Set,

5 rr ee

Chapter Two: Hissing In The Dark


nr

History

of the Followers of Set

More lies and calumnies have been spread by the en:

re truly multiple, than any other clan. So

the clan's foes fear the Followers of

ul rightly so. The Setites are an implacable force, and

one that has not swayed from fighting their God-King'

ered war, his Jyhad, against both Horus and the Third
Generation down the weary centuries

Genesis and Loss

When the mummy Horus led invaders to conquer
Egypt, destroying Set's power over the priesthood and nobil
ity, the Antediluvian created the Setites to be his disciples.
Having conceived of betrayal and corruption as his tools,
and with it discredited the priests of Amon-Ra by leading
them to love materialism and decadence more than their
rod, Set taught his Followers this dark path to power.

Te was during these early years that the Followers of Set

ally battled the Silent Striders, an unyieldingly savage

be of Lupines. The Lupines attacked Set where he labored
over the creation of mummies to fight those of Horus and the
Cult of Isis, having cunningly stolen the necessary ritual.
Soon it beea
‘mummies he made were twisted and bestial things. Nonethe
less, the Setiteshave employed these Bane M

Clanbook: Setites

nid for many millenia now. As when the Bane Mum-
mies' souls were first dragged out of the Underworld, every
time their souls return to their bodies, the Silent Striders,
enging along the edges of the Underworld as is thei
wont, learn of the event and attack. The Antediluvian be
them off when they first dared to attack him, and has
commanded his Followers to harry the Silent Striders at
every possible occasion thereafter
The first act of the newly Embraced Followers of Set was
to engineer the downfall of Horus, and regain the lost territo-
ties which were rightfully Set's, Setites travelled to Nubia and
Assyria, and with wise words convinced the kings of these
nations to send armies to invade and conquer Egypt. Set and
his Followers thus regained control over their own lands, for
the invading armies were under Set's command before the
foreign soldiers had placed sandaled feet upon Egyptian sol.
Aware of the growing dominance of Rome, Set and his
Followers took steps to ensure its destruction, lest the steadily
sading Roman Empire threaten Egypt. With some diffi-
the Followers of Set tumed Rome against the Brujah city
two naval powers would
lust for conquest, Roman
legions, urged on by the greedy Malkavians and Ventrue of
ued against Egypt soon after Carthage was destroyed.
By this time Set had re-entered torpor, exhausted by his
ong and bloody struggles against his foes. The Followers of
Set became disordered without his guidance. A Setite ghoul
and agent, Cléopatra, was sent unsuccessfully to Rome to


Jittittiiiiis

gain influence over the Senate and Julius Caesar. She suc
ceeded in seducing Mark Antony, Caesar' general, but even
his revolt did not halt Rome's advances. Egypt became a
Roman province in 30 BC. Cleopatra committed suicide,

submitting to an asp's fangs rather than to imperial Rome

Triumph

With Egypt's glory a thing of the past, the Setites
worked to destroy that which had destroyed their own land
The excesses of Rome's emperors were not entirely attribu

able to the Followers of Set, but assuredly they made a major
contribution in encouraging the decadence of such men as
Tiberius and Caligula, as always using the tools of Set's
enemies against them. Setites also exacerbated tensions

between the Roman Empire's eastern, Greek-speaking prov
inces, and the Latin-spe:

ing West, tensions which saw the
Empire tear itself apart in the 3rd century AD.

Even with Rome defeated, the Followers of Set did not
consider their re

enge against Europe's Kindred complete
The bubonic plague, which decimated Europe, slaying more
than a quarter of the mortal population, has been claimed by
certain fanatical Followers of Set as the triumph of their
revenge against the European Kindred who dared conquer
Egypt: Most Setites deny this claim. The sudden, dramatic
thinning of kine caused by the plague left many Kindred
exposed where previously they had been hidden by the
mortal population, vulnerable to the horrors soon to come

The Inqvisition
and the Anarch Revolt

The Setites were instrumental in the foundation of the
Inquisition. Taking advantage of the Kindreds' mass expo:
sure, the Followers of Set went among the surviving mortals
and spread dissent. They knew that once prodded into
action, the kine would rise up and slay their

pric
ater
nite power. Few
Kindred are aware of the role the Followers of Set played in
J the Inquisition's birth, which like most, was bloody in the
‘atreme. Many Methuselahs died as a result of the Setites
axiivities, and those vampites who survived were forced
underground. Thus began the Masquerade.
Taking advantage of the turmoil of the Inquisition, the
Neonates and Ancillae of the Tsimisce clan launched the
Anarch Revolt, Many Kindred flocked to their cause, cast
ing off the yoke of the Blood Bond and slaying their elders.
The fully encouraged this practice, but also took
sepstoensure that they were seen tosupport the eldersof the
clans, backing the winners either way. As seemingly neutral |

cerlords. Itwas the Setites' hope that the ensuing sa
would leave them the world's major C:

J hires, the Followers of Set were called upon by the Ventrue
tpjoin the newly emergent Camarilla, but declined, to the Ao

tlie of the majority of Kindred.

Chapter Two: Hissing In The Dark


New Worlds

By the Age of Exploration, so practiced were the Setites
with the weapons of Set's foes, that guile, corruption and
betrayal were second nature to the clan. Followers of Set
took ship to the New World, there continuing their battle
against the Third generation and theie childer, following the
settlement of the Americas. Many Americans were
sain by the agents of the Antediluvians, much to the
Followers' anger. To them, the Spanish slaughter of the
Aztecs and Incas was proof of the perfidy of the Third
Generation against whom they fought. The Setites' resolve
tofight on in Set's name was strengthened by such atrocities

By 1560, the Spanish and Portuguese had claimed much
‘of South and Central America. Kindred flocked to the New
‘World, the Setites amongst them. In the jungles and deserts
of South America numerous temples to Set were established,
several of which are still active today, supporting and con-
trolling, among other things, the drug cartels of Be
North America proved a greater obstacle to the Follo
Set, due to its savage Lupine tribes, and the influx of S
vampires fleeing Europe. Even so, the Setites made substan-
tial inroads in America's early years. The cities ofthe South
were most favored by the Setites, as were the deserts of the
Southwest

As the United States grew, the Setites were active
elsewhere about the globe. They infiltrated the spreading
British Empire, establishing themselves in Africa, Asia,
India, and Australia, whose vast deserts proved familiar
tertitory to those of the clan
Setites battled empire-makers driven by C
tion. Followers of et, strong upon the continent since their
earliest days, dd their best to fight the slave trade which was
led by certain butnt-out and hedonistic Toreador, but with
little success It wasar this time that the frst Follower of Set
infiltrated Haiti, worming his way into the isle's newly
emergent voodoo cults. Others followed, and toxlay Haiti is
wracked by the power struggles of these Setites. Like their
master, they have declared themselves gods, and created a
network of worshippers through which they work

The Modern Age

‘Once only at war with the other clans of the Kindred,
the Followers of Set today perceive all the world as their
enemy, for so much of it is controlled by their foes. The
minions of the Antediluvians, and of the despised Horus,
who isactive tothisday, are everywhere. By whatever means
necessary, the Setites will battle their influence, and if their
clan becomes increasingly wealthy and powerful asa result of
thar struggle, it can only aid Sets cause,

‘Where some clans, noticeably the Toreador, have be-
come stagnant since the Industrial Revolution, the Setites
have eagerly embraced the modern world and all it has to
offer. One of their most successful, and least known con-

Clanbook: Setites

quests of recent years was the Setite exploitation ofthe mass
-dia, through which they have exposed the corruption of
numerous politicians and spiritual leaders to the world at
large. Thishasshattered religious faith in many (thusstrength-
ening the Masquerade), and spread among millions
disillusionment in political leaders. The mortals targeted fot

Set strike at the soulless ancients who control them.

With Prohibition's introduction in the USA in 1919,
the Followers of Set were quick tot
of illegal alcohol. Creating thei
Setites stalled investigations
Vian-controlled police and government. Quick t0
what an effective weapon orga
Jyhad,,
control of much of the world's drug trade. Today they have
consolidated control over many other areas of criminal

ud actions by t

ade in the

trade. Their cri
they have built up around them, make the Followers of
‘powerful factor in vampire politics. The
of the most widespread clans in the world tod
nd Cait

lacking the numbers of the Bru)

Setites
Around the World
Africa

TheF
the 13th millen
cally ebbsactossthee
drove them out of Egypt
the continent. Many Followers of Set now congre
Cape Town and Johannesburg, South Africa, whe
have pawns in the ANC government, as well as in the
industry. Here they war against the European T
Ventrue and Brujah who have exploited the Ari
nent.

ollowersof Set have been powerful in Afti
n BC, although their strength periodi-
es. When Horusandhisfollowers
1 ternples spread south across

Further north, Somalia and Ethiopia are heavily influ:
s. Tangiers, on the Mediterranean coast, isa

enced by Set
Setite stronghold, although the clan's influence has waned

since the late 19505. The influence of the Followers of Seti
Casablanca, similarly, has waned since World War Two,
due chiefly to ferocious and constant Lupine attacks. In

Egypt, their homeland, the Followers of Set work as they
have always done from behind the scenes, manipulating this
President and that religious leader in their lord's holy war
al powerful and deca

against his enemies, among them sev
dent Toreador, who established themselves in Cairo and
‘Alexandria when Napoleon invaded Egypt in 1798.


bette ddd

Asia
The mysterious vampiresof the East spur the Followers
of Set as they do all Western vampires. Setites have made

some inroads in China, Hong Kong and Japan, although
their majo
Bangkok, Singapore and Jakarta. Here the Followers of Set,

-ontacts in Asia remain among the vampires of

using their traditional methods, slowly gain the trust and
skills of certain Eastern vampires. Such contacts, made
gradually and individually, have allowed Set' followers te
gain influence over the opium and heroin trade. Japan has
proved frustrating for the Followers of Set, although certain

Austrotia

The Setites, like most Kindred, are relatively recent
urivals in Australia. The first Follower of Set to arrive in.
Australia did so in 1789, a year after the British convict fleet
had settled Sydney Cove. Today Sydney is ruled by the
Kindred believe Sarrasine is really a Caitiff. His relaxed rule
is kind to the Followers of Set, and several of the clan
Sydney theithome. Elsewhere in Australia, traditional preju
dices against the Setites are strong. Those few Followers of
Set dwelling in Australia's other cities maintain a low
profile. While the Outback remains largely unpopulated by
the Kindred, it should be noted that Australia is home to 14
Australia's arid deserts, this fact may help

make the great

southern land an increasingly attractive hon
the future,

Central
and South America

Throughout South America, Setites war with members

stadors. Clan Gangrel and their Lupine allies
havealso proveda threat toSetite interests in South America
in the past, but of late they seem more concemed with the
fate of rainforest than the Setites. The mortal governments
of Bolivia, Chile and Columbia are all influenced by the
Followers of Set, via the drug cartels the Setites control
directly. The heavily armed drug gangs provide the Setites
witha considerable edge in South America's Jyhad. Theclan
has also recruited Indians and other

ppressed peoples as
Iphad fodder through the propagation of blood cults, similar
tothose of Haiti

Two: Hissing In The Dark


Central America isa war zone between the
the Followers of Set. Although Mexico City is a
stronghold, certain brave and adventurous Se
established temples in the city. Recent Indian revolts against
the Mexican government reflect the struggle in Mexico'
between the elders of the Followers of S

The islands of the West Indies, in the C
have proved fertile ground for the
th

nd the Sa

cause. To ensure
Haiti's people are not swayed by the false cut of Isis into
nst the Setites, the people's loyalty is ensured
through voodoo cults, which worship the Followers of Set as

‘gods, Perhaps justly punished by Set for their arrogance, the
leaders of these cults are often at war with one another as
they compete for followers

Evrope

For many centuries Europe has be
and playground to the Followers of

both battleground
an
red the French Revolution whe

anger might be enough to destroy even the slumbering
Antediluvians, The Followers of Set back many antidru
organizations in Europe, asthe illegal drugtrade isa

of their livelihood. Amsterdam, with its progressive drug
policies, is anathema to them. Throughout Europe the
Followers of Set support and advise the leaders of many
political parties, at both ends of the political spectrum, Far
right and left groups are all employed by the Setites
wars. The clan's ancient foe, Horus, is said to m

n their

a his
fortress in the Swiss Alps. Much of the Setites energies in
Europe are focused on destroying
which he leads

im and the Sect of Isis,

Eastern Europe
The Followers of Set have been unable to determine
what events are unfolding in the Commonwealth of Ind
pendent States. Previously the Setites had battled the Brujah
Council to a stalemate. The Setites had also succeeded in
weakening the Soviet Union's Methuse

hs by spreading

distrust and fear of mortal authorities on a grand
Follower of Set survived Baba Y:
any of the clan b

nor h
eto infiltrate the Shadow Curtain
surrounding the Commonwealth of Independent States. In

Eastern Europe the Inconnu are strong, and although the
Setites have tried to persuade these elders into joining their
holy war, they have not yet met with much success. Here too,
the Followers of Set must battle certain well-ent
ancients of Clan

shed

. ——

Clanbook: Setites

EREEEEEEEEEE

Middle East

Since the territ
Third Generation rose

night when the other vampires of the
and slew their sites, Set and his
Followers have warred against the Antediluvians through:
‘out the Middle East. Many of the Arab states are under the
control of the

samites, although the Setites are not with-
out their own influence, particularly am
terrorist and fundamentalist orgar
tween the Assamites and the Fol

ig certain fans
s- Relations be-

wers of Set are strained,

although certain Setite elders at

North America

Like many clans, the Setites are busily engaged in the
affairs of the United States. They are strongest in the South
The largest Temple of Set in North America is located in the

attempting to ease the

the area's Black Spiral Dancers. New Orleans, the cradle of
American voodoo, is target of the Followers of Set, and
through its wharfs the Setites smuggle drugs, weapons and
Cainites into the nation. The southwest deserts are also
home to several influential Setites, where they are soothed
bya landscape reminiscent of lost Egypt

As elsewhere in the world, the clan draws much of its
support from the underclass

hey bring order to the strife
tom inner cities by means of blood cults and Set worship,
offering hope where before there was none. Many gangs,
large and small, as well as devout cultists, supply the Setites
with shocktroops forthe Jyhad. Clan Brujah and the anarchs
arethe main foes of the Setites in the USA, with the Sabbat

J) close second. Perceiving the Followers of Set as the lesser

J) evil, many Ventrue and Tremere in the USA are willing to
ally with Setites in order to quash the Anarch Free Stat
What price the Followers of Set will demand for their

Asistance remains to be seen.

Chapter Two: Hissing In The Dark



edd dbdidedidid

Chapter Three'
Children of the ~
Dork God

a rTtTtrert Trt t
Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


Clanbook: Setites

to cheat upon the blood-tithe they pay their elders, of with:
hold itall together, Nothing so unsettles the Assamites asthe
thought of a rebellion within their own ranks.

Bane Mummies

the ritual for their creation from the Cult of Isis hundreds of
centuries ago. There are seven Bane Mummies in existence:
Tutu the Doubly Evil One, Hemhemti the Roarer, An the
Devourer, Qetu the Evil Doer, Hau-hra of the Backws
Face, Saatet-ta, Darkener of the Earth, and Kharebutu the
Fourfold Fiend. (Qetu and Saatet-ta are wo \; the remain-
ing Bane Mummies are, or at least were, male.)

The ritual which Set worked to raise these creatures
from the dead corrupted and distorted their bodies, so that
they became truly monstrous. Like those of all mummies, the
Bane Mummies' spirits are undying. When their bodies are
slain, their spirits journey to the Underworld, where they
suffer unspeakable torments until being reborn. This cycle of
agony has caused them to become psychopathically insane.
Trusted agents of Set may be accompanied by one of these
‘creatures on occasion, should the Follower's task warrant
such powerful accomplices. Under no circumstances should
any of us ever trust a Bane Mummy; they are influenced by
dark powers, and may attempt to subvert whatever com-
mands they are given for their own malevolent purpose.

Brujah

When their destructiveness is guided to where itcando

the most damage, these violent little fools can be quite
entertaining. By encouraging them to fight amongst the
selves, or convincing them that it is the Ventrue, the
Caitiff, or any other clan other than ourselves who are their
y, we can gain much from their struggles. Often
members of this hot-headed clan need weapons which only
we can supply. Consider favors owed a leash whereby
individual Brujah may be controlled. Additionally, their
lietle tantrums deflect attention away from us to where it
can do less damage, and so the various causes which the
Brujah take to heart should always be encouraged.
Coitirr

More than one Follower of Set has masqueraded as a
Caitiff in order to seem harmless in another Kindred's eyes.
The results of such actions have hardened the Caitiffs'
heartsagainstus. Even so, the apparent sympathy which we
show them has caused many among the clanless to look
upon us kindly. Encourage them to think of us as their

als, for are we not, like them, despised and distrusted by
every other clan? Uphold their suffering as noble, decry
those who treat them as outcast and untouchable,
watch their sentimental hearts warm towards us,


ditititititiit

Children of Osiris
This minor bloodline and their pathetic Discipline of
Bardo were destroyed by Set long ago. None of their
unha
transparent lies of our enemies to the contrary

py clan exist to further trouble the world, despite the

Gongret

Never forget that these bumpkins and scarecrows have
Lupine allies. A

ngrel befriended is one who can steer
werewolves away from your tempk
much about L

They can also tell you
pines and their weaknesses (although such
information must usually be extracted from the Gangrel
subtly). To befriend a Gi

rel, understand his need to
travel, often swiftly and untroubled. With our web of

he globe, tra
tions asked, itis easy for us to ensnare aC
A simple way of eliminatis

ngtel in our web,

ny threat a Gangrel presents
youis by encouraging their frenzy. Gangrel fall victim tothe
Beast with ease: alert a Ganj

el to a plot to flood her
favourite wilderness, or cull her adopted wolf pack, and
watch reason be replaced by the rampages of the Beast
Mindless opponents are much easier to manipulate, Lastly,
consider the paranoia Gangrel have of being manipulated;
their resulting pani vem to their
manipulation, will invariably render the Gangrel in ques

tion —or the vampire allegedly using them — ineffective

Giovanni
The Giovanni stand aloof from the squabbles of the
Camarillaasdo we; they also avoid ourclan, Wedo not need
to corrupt them to bring them under our control; the

Giovanni do a fine job of corrupting themselves. To gain

influence overa Giovanni,

sed him misinformation through
any of the Restless Dead you may be allied with. Information

is power, while misinformation brings power over others

Maikavian
Corrupting a Malkavian is never as easy as it seems. Do
‘not make the mistake of underestimating the childerof Malkav

er clans. Remember their role in Rome's subjugation
of Egypt, and when you can, take revenge. Their weakness,
their insanity, isalsotheirstrength, The arts we employ against
ordinary minds are often useless against the insane, Often the
only way to delude a Malkavian isto either tell him the truth.
and hope he thinks it a lie; or claim the most unbelievable
fancies tobe concrete fact,and pray toSet that he believes you

Nosferatu
Be scrupulous in your dealings with the Nosferatu. Theie
information network is second to none. The most potent
weapon we have against the Nosferatu is their fear of us. They
claim that we are the demonic descendants of the founder of
their clan. "Niktuku," they call us, and shudder. Exploit their
| _ terror of us, and exploit too the martyrdom their hideous

-Tfrfrftrftttt

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


appearance bestows upon them. Treat them with sympathy
and understanding, and you will gain their trust in return. The
Nosferatu are most useful tous when they consider us friends.

Ravnos

Untrustworthy, enigmatie,and dangerous. Never trust a
Raynos, and never turn your back upon one, not if you wish to
continue your existence. The best weapon against them is
exploitation oftheir pathological mania for crime. By exposing
the Ravnostoevery possible opportunity for theft or deception,
you ensure that they are so busy working against others that
they cannot work against you; additionally, you ensure that the
Camarilla will focus its anger against the Ravnos, and not us
Alternatively, making a fool out of a Ravnos is another way to
gain their services; a Ravnos will do anything to keep news of
theirhumiliation from others oftheir clan. Be warned that they
will also do anything to gain revenge.

Toreador

Despicable fools who consider th
‘other vampires because of thi

Ives superior to
ut. Their addictions and
obsessions often overlap with our own; throughout history
these fools have often been out foes. Many Toreador appear
to live on art alone; it, rather than blood, would seem to
provide their sustenance. In Toreador of this nature, the
most successful weapon against them isto destroy their ar,
thus destroying th
a Raynos to rep
forgeries. Another we

ir desire for existence. Better, encourage
their precious art collection with

against Toreador would
be the strong passions which exist between the peers of this
clan. Encourage one Toreador to ht e another, and
half your work is done; the wounded party is likely
yy deal in order to gain satisfaction, Simply
ta Toreador's party and being friendly to her
more dissent than a year of covert camps

Tremere
The Tremere
they often make bas
quences. Exploit th

so obsessed with gaining power that
ains with us unheeding of the conse-
lust for power, flatter them, and the
Tremere become your tool, o use as you see fit. By corrupt-
ing a Tremere situated high in their hierarchy, one can
spread shockwaves rippling above and below them through
their laughably flimsy pyramid of power. Conversely, a low
placed Tremere, once he is under your sw:
throughout the upper echelons of theit
fact of his rebellious existence.

spread fear
n by the simple

Ventrve
‘The Ventrueare ourtruc enemies. Had they not turned
Rome against us, Egypt would still stand. Like the Tremere,
their weakness lies in their lust for power. They are blinded
byit. Togain advantage over the Ventrue is easy. One must
‘merely play upon their love of pomp and grandeur, of the

Clanbook: Setites

trappings of power. Soon they will be so obsessed with
appearance that the real power can be diverted away from
them to where it will be more useful. And when the
weak, the Ventrue can be destroyed. Their other weakness
lies in their rarefied tastes; ein

nating a Ventrue's only
blood supply save for that which you control, or addicting
them to a drug at your disposal by first addicting theit
vessels, can be a key to considerable power.

Camaritla
‘What is there to be said of this organization of fools?
Simply that their Masquerade serves to conceal us, and our
actions, from the mortal world as well as from the Damned.
They are so busy bickering. they do

nselves thi

not notice

is as we glide through the shadows, slowly
ing they bel

under

ve in and stand for.
oolofthe Antediluvians,
‘our master'ssworn foes, and our own. We refused tojoin the
Camarilla when it was formed for fear that doing so would
strengthen our enemies. It is now plain th
suffered by the Cat

ining everyt
Never forgetthatthe

very setback

shall continue to secretly harry the Camarilla until both it
and the ancients who n

nipulate itare dust and forgotten,

indeed ka vagct, if widow lie Although they fer es,
they are more inclined to trust us, or at Least parley with us,
than vampires of other clans, because we stay separate from
the Camarilla, Our Jyhad stands much to gain from their
bloody rebellion

Sabbat
Many Sabbat foolishly insist that Set is as much their

fhe Antediluvians. Sabbat vampires who
ist be destroyed. The ren

foesof the C

to gain control of the Sabbat by turning them one
inst the other. Secrets fester with the Sabbat, and

corruption eats its way towards the sect's heart.

Ineonnu
Failures and losers who grasp at the straw of their los
humanity while drowningin a seaofblood. The Inconnuareno
threat to Set. They are below contempt. Weakness, failure and
fear have eaten away their hearts and any real power they may

bed

once haveb
tothe Da

Best ofall, theirleadershave already

ess — how can they not all soon follow?


opines

destruction can often be used to lead them into trap. Lupines:

all the Damned as equals, despising us all with a fierce passion,

Magi

Their weaknesses reall too human, Thepath towardsenli
enment is long and hard; by offering them rest and recreation

along the way, we can bring mages under our control

Wraiths
«alexperience, and weare often ina position to offer them the
posess, or allow them to feed upon the hate and fear which are
released at your temple during cult rituals, and you will
wraith's gratitude, and eventually, it will be obligated

Changelings
Unguessable motives and alien minds make change
better ignored than parleyed with, and better yet destroyed.

Serpents of the Light
the Sabbat antitribu

Although few Follo
the Sabbat, those few who have are a danger and a menace

ersof Set have been Embraced by

toeverything we stand for. Likeall the Sabbat, the Serpents
of the Light are vigorously opposed to the Antediluvians.
destroy Set himself

Sabbat scholars, particularly the Noddists, see this struggle as

Caine. In the battle between Setites and Serpents, they
believe, might lic omenspredicting the destiny of vampires as
to glorify a struggle which in truth is brutal in the extreme

Serpents of the Light fight against the infernal corrup:
tion which permeates the Sabbat just as they war a

the corruption spread by our clan, Many Serpents of the

Light join the Sabbat Inquisition, and are its most faithful
rupted by the diabolists, and work to destroy the Sabbat
from within. Likeus, the Serpentsof the Lightare hated and
feared mote by their own kind than by their enemies. Only
through theit faithfulness and devotion to the sect, can the
That goal we can never allow them.

Ln

hapter Three: Children of the Dark God


fet tt

Unlifestyles

As the books bier,
And a peculiar kind of darkness falls

CChutching men's hearts, consuming bones

As a frozen star beckons

A crumbling of idols

Beyond a cold sanctuary

of fire and of ice

Deep in the bedrock

Already here I come

Lustmord, "Heresy"

Followers of Set, as their name suggests, follow the
teachings and tenets of their dark god obsessively and
fanatically. Theirclan wascreated by Set to assist him in the
Jyhad. Setites claim that they were the first vampires
created solely to war against other Cainites. That has been.
the purpose of the clan since their inception, and they have
never forgotten it. By targeting already existing situations
and exploiting them to the clan's benefit, Stites grow ever
stronger.

As the Third Generation spawned more childer, and
gradually moved into the background of the Jyhad, Follow
ersof Set have sought to widen the range of their war. Now
all vampires are their targets, for, so the Setites say, all
vampires serve the masters of the Jyhad, wittingly or not
For this reason Setites have no qualms about manipulating
or even killing their fellow Kindred whenever it becomes.

Most Kindred are unaware of the motives and goals of

the Followers of Set, perceiving them by and large as

corrupt but essentially harmless religious fanatics, Few
Kindred realise that the Setites have been deceiving them,
and even fewer realise the depths of the clan's perversity

The Embrace

Followers of Set tend to Embrace only those mortals

who they think are corrupt enough and strong enough to
flourish in undeath, Many such converts are criminals,
often chosen from among a Setite's herd, although they

tend to steer away from the more brutal types. Followers of
Set need wits as much as they do a willingness to break the
laws of kine and Cainites, and so those Embraced are often

well educated, or at the very least intelligent. Mindless

thugs the Followersare not —such potential childerare left
for the Brujah.

Red hair is

J among Setites, as legend tells that
Ser's own hair was of this color, Setite candidates are often

redheads, By and large Setites are unconcemed with the
physical appearance of their fledglings-to-be, and will hap:

pily Embrace models and monstersalike, provided that they

meet the criterion of inner corruption.

-TtTttfttftrtttt+tt

>lanbook: Setites


The Embrace is never lightly given, and a Follower of
Setwill watch and study acandidate for months, even years,
before deciding that he or she is worthy of the gift of blood.
Such individuals as drug smugglers and dealers, blackmail:
rs, illegal arms manufacturers, pornogeaphers, corrupt.
politicians, gangsters and other unsavory members of soci
tty are preferred as candidates, although almost anyone,
provided that they show a quick wits and a lack of morals,
may receive the Embrace froma Follower of Set. Childera
tually drawn from among the mortals composing a Setite's,

blood cule, Potential Setitescan thus be watched and tested
in the course of the cults nightly activities, as well as set
tasks to determine their suitability and dedication,
Immediately following the Embrace, sometimes even
frior to the event, the fledgling Setite is tak
temple, The initiat

to their local

cakes part in a long and terrible ritual,
during which they are tortured with fire and sword, before

if administered their site's blood and ushered into the
healing darkness, This teaches them to fear the light, primal
lesson few Followers of Set ate likely to forget. After the
Embrace any bright light, even spotlights, are enough tomake

ite uncomfortable, while direct sunlight causes double

c, Followers of Set hold this up as proof of their
using their light sensitivity asthe basis for
an almost religious hate of Amon-Ra, the Egyptian sun god.

Setites traditionally choose their ghouls, and thus the
areas of mortal life which they control, from among the
underground and those who deal with them. Criminals,

cults and societies; their opposition, police, law
yers and judges; religious institutions; these make the best
Picking grounds.
comuptiny

ollowers of Set love nothing more than.

aweabiding figure and bringing him under
their sway; criminals are
thus are little

nuch more easily converted, and

allenge

The Art of Corruption
1 can resist anything, except temptation
Oscar Wilde, "Lady Windemere's

For many Followers of Set, spreading corruption is a
facred task, and one they undertake with fervor. Power

auictions and sexual fetishesare the best baits Followers of
Set can offer those they wish to corrupt, be they kine or
Cainites. Free drugs, until the user is addicted and the
supply suddenly dries up; compromising photographs of a
reckless night of passio

obligations in receipt of favors
done; and simply holding the individual to a promise they
would be unwise to break are all means by which the Setites
being someone under their control.

With anetwork of ghoulsin low tomedium levels in the
police and judiciary, and hij
area's crimin

ranking ghouls among an
elements, Setites are free to exploit al areas
dfcriminal activity. Drug and weapons importation, forging
tank notes and artworks (an entire French Setite temple is

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


said to be dedicated to forging the collections of influential
Toreador, stealing the ori

ind sellingcopies torivalsin
order to spread chaos and disharmony through the already
strife-tom clan), blackmail, extortion, bribery, prostitution
and murder are all areas in which the Followers of Set
become involved. In some cities the

es encounter
difficulty and opposition from local crimelords such as
Chicago's Al Capone. In such case

he rival is targeted for
ate corruption and scandal. In serious cases the
Followers of Set dispatch the murderous Bane Mummies to
slay the troublemaker, should their own attempts fal

‘Shameless actsof hypocritical piety while secretly n
taining mistresses, accepting bribes and laundering f
and secret deals which support

rorists and import drugs

while officially denying and condemning such actions by
Setite-controlled mortals, al further the goals of the Follow
ersof Set. On the surface this would appear tobe fighting the
influence of the Antediluvians. Certain influential Setites
know that the chaos they spread is for a much darker cause.
h of Typhon (see
Paths of Enlightenment elsewhere in this chapter) take
special delight in corrupting their fellow Setites. To corrupt
one of her own clan showers a Follower of Set in adulation

Followers of Set who follow the P

from her pects. Such a deed is the ultimate test of an
individual Setite's devotion to the founder of her clan,
keepingasit does the clan's members capable and alert, and
honing their skills to perfection,

Clan Structure

Followers of Set are not commu

al creatures, prefer
ring the adulation of theit mortal disciples to the reptilian
respect of their peers. Although they believe in safety in
numbers, they only ever trust their fellows to support them

inst other clans, No Setite ever personally trusts another
‘member ofherown clan, Gaining prestige among their clan
as they do from the import:

nd social prominence of
the kine and Cainites they corrupt, and from the downfall
of victims enslaved through their own weaknesses, Setites
of course hold regular meetings. Such gatherings serve
primarily for egotistical purposes, satisfying
sional need to be flattered by her peers.

Practitioners of the P

th of Typhon are the
their clan. While lesser temples may be run by individual
Setites following the Paths of Ecstasy or the Warrior, any
temple with more than two Setites present will be con-
trolled by a Typhonist. All Setite temples hold gatherir
monthly, at the dark of the moon. When a temple is the
haven of only a sin

lers of

Setite, he will usually journey to the
nearest large temple for a monthly meeting. Such gather:
ings are not compulsory, although Followers of Set often
flock from miles around to take part in the rituals held on.

such occasions, and to boast of their latest activities

Clanbook: Setites

Pop


Smaller gatherings, but no less important considering
their size, are held on the night preceding a total eclipse of
the sun at the Grand Temple of Set in Uganda. Only the
leaders of the clan attend these rare meetings. At such

gatherings Setites discuss the progress of the Jyhad, and the

secret cause of the Followers of Set, and plan future strate
gies. Only Typhonists attend such meetings, and it is rare

them to disclose everything that occurs to practitioners
he Paths of Eestasy and the Warrior

The Cult of Sekhmet
Believed tohave been wiped out by the Camarilla, this

movement within the Followers of Set is
1 making a comeback at the end of the 20th
century. Fueled by the recent "New Age

umored to
movement, the
Cult's guise is that of a radical feminist pseudo-religion

g empowerment of women. In fact, it is a ritualistic

vod cult promoting violence, debauchery and the de

struction of the Camarilla from within.

Sekhmet is an Egyptian goddess, a protector of souls
and a healer, who was later absorbed as an aspect of the
soddess Isis. The modern day Cult, however, has twisted
the original image ofthe goddess, and now stresses her role
asastrong female figure, and emphasizes fertility and power.
The exotic elements of the relig

n appeal to many dise
chanted mortals, who look to the Cule for strength in thei
daly lives

The leaders of the Cult are all female Setites, who offer
assistance and support to other female Kindred without
letting them know the true nature of the organization. By
stressing the empowerment and community of women
vampires, they have managed to unde

nine the existing
political structure in many Camarilla
of Princes are male

ties, as the majority

Within the clan, the Cult of Sekhmet is viewed with
more than a little suspicion, as many believe it promotes
disunity among the clan. Still, no one can dispute the
progress of the Cult, and until the gender pola

ation
becomes a problem within the clan, more conservative
members are not likely to interfere

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


Clanbook: Setites

Setite Secrets
Thad a dream, which was not all a dream.

That the bright sun was extinguished, and the stars
Did wander darkling in the etemal space,

Rayless and pathless, and the icy earth

Swung blind and blackening in the moonless air;

Mom came and went — and came and bought no day,
And men forgot their passions in the dread

Of this their desolation; and all hearts

Were chilled into a selfish prayer for light

— George Gordon, Lord Byron darkness"

When first Initiated (
imbrace) into the it
Set, the new
lineag
'
is the Holy War in which
veng

fe elders still term

the mortal ranks of the Follow,

npire learns much concerning the glorious
ns more, if they were already a

mortal). Their primary lesson
fight: Set's struggle for
igainst the Third Generation andhisrebellious,
treacherous family. This holy war is the backbone belief of
the Followers of Set. Wielding their arts of corruption and
treachery with deadly efficienc!
principal players in the Jyhad
Few Kindred from other clans ever k
Setites' involvement in the n

the Followers of Set are

nhow deep the

ichinations of the Jyhad go.
Those that do seldom live to tell the tale. Since the earliest
days of their existence in ancient E

pt, the elders of the
clan have waged their hidden war against their Set's Ante-
diluvian brethren. The corruption, degradation and control
of oppor

nts' pawns,

al and Cainite, forms a primary
role in theie Jyhad strategy

During the long centuries of struggle, Set's war against
the mummies of the Cule of Isis and his Third Generation
peers has spread around the globe, Few Followers of Set

lize how strong the forces of corruption have grown
within their own clan during this time, or that Set himself
has not been ime

¢ to corruption's influence

Once Set's ambitions were small: the complete and

utter destruction of his enemies, and his

ful dominion
over the Kingdoms of Egypt. He Embraced his Followers in
order to nurture his plans
milleni

ind see them to fruition. Over the
f his existence Set's desires have grown in cor
spondence with his power. He realized lon

Antediluvians would never leave him in

ntediluvians' agents permeated every city in the
-d he would have to rule the world in order
to ensure peace for him,
‘Set has decided that he m:
than face def

id his Followers. More recently,
never win the Jyhad. Rather
has vowed to drag his enemies
down with him, destroying the entire world if that is what
is necessary to defeat the Third Generation


Such drastic steps as global domination or destruction
arenotSet's only strategies. The Antediluvian hashatedand
feared the sun since his Embrace. Its light threatens him with
extinction, and its purifying fice is identified with his hated
grandfather Amon-Ra, Set has come to worship Apep the
Destroyer, the great serpent of Egyptian mythology which
desires to swallow the sun. Such isthe bile Set bears towards
Ra that it has long been his plan, and that of his Followers,
toblot out the sun, a secret known only amongst powerful
Setites of the Path of Typhon (see The Vampire Players'
Guide). This is the secret goal Typhonist elders, and dream
ing Set himself, spend their unli

's working towards

In Europe's frozen north lives the Finnish sorceress
i, with whose aid, and with the subtle alliance of the
abbat, the Followers of Set hope to their
ultimate goal. Elsewhere, others aid the Setites, often un-
Knowingly. Factories pump

Lou

foul vapors into the
atmosphere, and thousands of scuttling cars add their own
smoke to the stinking clouds which slowly occlude the sun.
they
Setare equ

not achieve their goal by sorcery, the Followers of
lly happy to reach it via Technomantic m

Hand in claw with thisphysical darkening ofthe light goes
the soiling of humanity's collective soul, all part of the Set
terible plan, By spreading despair, war, disea
ness throughout mortal and immortal soci¢

who practice the teachings of the Path of Typho
bySethimself,hope to destroy all opposition when the
finally wakes, The physical war fought by the rank and file of
thecla k secrets of their elders, are an attempt to
prepare the planet for Set's awakening and final battle against
the Third Generation. Whether any other Kindred would
survive such a battle save the Followers of
promoting it, remains a mystery. The Typhonists,
others among the Followers of Set,

5
the only vampire clan

specifically attempting to trigger Geher

New Knowledge Trait: Setite Lore
RN
Kindred fro n such information often
‘become rgets if they make their knowledge known.
You know Setite history, legends, strat
* Student: What any

now information available only to Followers of Set.
other clans who le:

and secrets.

mortal

‘most ancillae know: that Set's en-

emies are the Third Generation

6% Masters: what most elders know: the n
Horus lives in Switzerland, while the agents of the Third
Generation are everywhere.

Doctorate: what most Methuselahs:

1d Typhonists
know: the Followersof Set are striving to trigger Gehenna, for
total victory can only be gained through total destruction.

© Scholar: what only Set knows, conveyed in
dreams to the putrescent high priests of the Path of Typhon:
Set's plans for the world once he rules it

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God

TT


Character Creation

Though some Followers of Set adhere to Paths of
Enlightenment, all Setite characters have the virtues
of Conscience f-Control and Courage rather than
their Sabbat counterparts, and begin with 7 dots in
Virtues. Most Setites will have very low scores in
‘Conscience, and it is rare for Setites not following a
Path of Enlightenment to have Humanity ratings
higher than five.

Paths of
Enlightenment

So farewell hope, and with hope farewell fear

Farewell remorse; all ood to me is lost;

Euil, be thou my good; by thee at least

Divided empire with heaven's King I hold,

By thee, and more than half perhaps will reign.

Milton, "Paradise Lost"

Like the Sabbat, many among the Followers of Set
have abandoned their Humanity. Although not all have
done so, many Setites conceive of Humanity as an unnec
essary weight dragging them down towards the Beast
Adherence toastrict philosophical code enables the Setites
to slow and halt the inexorable slide into bestial oblivion,
More details concerning Paths of Enlightenment, and
specifically that path founded by Set himself, the Path of
Typhon can be found in The Vampire Players Guide.
While Typhonists, like Set, worship Apep the Serpent,
other, less vile Setite paths exist. Two of them are explored
below

The Path of Ec stasy

Practitioners of this path revel in luxury instead of

degradation. They sate the Beast by glutting its appetite
Although akin to the Path of Typhon in some ways,

practitioners of this path reject the base cruelties of the
Typhonists. Rather than celebrate misery, they glorify
pleasure, revelling in the most decadent extremesof var
sensation. Members of this path often especially despise the
Kindred of Clan Toreador, and take every chance to hu:
miliate and distress them.

Clanbook: Setites


Ethics
© Pursuit of pleasure is a spiritual obligation. Those
who spur luxury and hedonism seek to befoul the spirit
with grossness,
ov:
should pr

© To resist temptation is

id are misguided.

npires are the children of 'ssin. Thus we

ctice, and spread the practice of, sin.
wrong,

* Ie is not a crime to kill, as long as the killing is
committed beautifully.

gre

© Existence serves no purpose save to entertain,

History

This path was founded by Followers of Set dwelling in
Constantinople after the fall of Egypt. Surrounded by the
Golden Horn's Byzantine splendor, and associating with
the city's debauched Toreador, the path's founders gradu-
ally determined their philosophy of decadence. Setites wl
follow this path pride themselves on the materialism of the
modern world, and boast that it is a direct result of their
ation,

Hierarchy of Sins
10 Allowing someone

jocent to survive.
9 Not wallowing in absolute luxury.
8 Allowing someone ugly to survive.
7 Allowing an infector of impurity

(ic. priest, nun, etc.) to live without good reason.
6 Rejecting wealth unnecessarily,
5 Not attemp
4 Not taking at least one drug regularly
3 Restrai
2
1

ng to corrupt an innocent

ing your natural impulses unnecessarily

ailing to accept a gift
Destroy

ng something of be

The Path of the Warrior

‘This Path has grown in popularity in recent decades,
with m cs attracted to its philosophies. Just
as Set was once a hunter c adherents
of this path. These Setites pride themselves upon their
physical and martial prowess. Many who follow the Path of
the Warrior are masochists and fanatics. They believe th

the Beast isa creation of the mind, and that by training the
body until itis stronger than the mind, the Beast can be
controlled.

‘Setites who follow the Path of the Warrior are among
the most dangerous opponents any Cainite can encounter.
They are Set'sshock troops in the Jyhad. Lupines, demons,
kine and Kindred all form their prey. It is the co

mbition of adherents of the path to hone themselves until
they have become the u ate urban predators. When Set
arises, those of the Path of the W: ve they will
sweep all opponents

Et
* The mind is subservient to the body, and so is the
Beast. Although the body is be
refined, The Embrace begi
transmogrification but even afterw

n be
of

‘eign, unless itis beaten down through exercise and struggle

© You are a killer. Do not hesitate to kill

* The body is bestial, and must be punished. Scourge
yourself, hurt yourself, push yourself to your limits, and
know that by doing so, you hurt the Beast.

* Every possible
powers of the body. You

tion of your body, and they too, mu

© The True Death is better than
Like Set, we must be implacable and unyielding in the
Jyhad waged against his enemies.

History

‘This Path evolved after the Roman Empire crushed
Egypt. Believing that the personal weakness of the
‘Typhonian priests was the direct cause of Egypt's downfall,
ain Followers of Set determined never to falter from
ing themselves into perfect vampiric killers. Since that
me, the Path of the Warrior has slowly gained adherents,
though tisstillthe east followed ofthe three S
of Enlightenment.

Hierarchy of Sins
10 Not subjecting yourself to the most ps
9 Failing any test set yc
8 Not developing your body to its fullest potential.
7 Spending Blood Points to he
me night they are inflicted
6 Not developing your Disciplines to their fullest
potential
5 Killing swiftly and mercifully.
4° Showing any sign of
3
2
1

ful tortures,

your wounds the

Not exercising every
Thinking too long bet
Refusing a physical

ight.
re acting,

lenge.

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


$$ —$_—___—_——~-

Temples of Set

To thee, o Satan, glory be, and praise,

In Heaven, once thy kingdom, the abyss

Of Hell, where now, thy dreamest silently!

Grant that my soul, one day, beneath the Tree

Of Knowledge, may rest near thee, when o'erhead,

Like a new Temple, its wide branches spread!

Charles Baudelaire, "Prayer"

Setites call their havens temples, and treat them with
the reverence associated with mortal churches. Ifthe Setite
leadsa blood cult (sce below), the h
inde

n becomes a temple
with deluded mortals aping the Follower of Set's
dark rituals within the temple's outer rooms. Here th

Setitesand followers conduct their own rites, honoring Set,

i Serpent Apep.

A typical Temple of Set is located in a desolate area
such as an industrial wasteland, an abandoned warehouse
by thedocks,a subterran

-an bunker, adesert, oran inacces-
sible mountain peak. The ill-repute of such polluted or
otherwise inhospitable surroundings helps keep the temple's

location hidden from enemies. Se
we when establishing:

chosen is not already the haven of a Nosferatu nor under
their surveillance

Clanbook: Setites

Such unsavory and inhospitable surroundings as fa
vored by the Followers of Set replicate, as far as is possibl
the location of the fist temple, founded by Set himself in
the desert sands of Egypt. This or

fane of darkness is

lost, ms have more

though would-be Setite pil
once made it their personal quest to find the chapel,

reopen it asa sacred site of their unwholesome cl

No natural light is allowed to shine in a temple of Set

The rays of the sun, moon and st ever allowed to

rorches flicker fro

the temple walls. [
n the walls (electri
torches are traditional), and myrrh and aloe incense sweet

is acceptable, although real

ens the air (although in some Typhonist temples the only
incense is that of decay).

Traditionally Setite temples are divided into two areas,
representing the two kingdoms of Egypt over which Set once
ruled. Upon entering, the acolyte finds herself wit

the
‘Outer Sanctum, where whitewashed walls depict scenes from
Lower Egypt: duck-huntin

umidst the papyrus reeds of the
Nile, sly crocodiles lyingin wait; herdsof chained and shackled
slaves marched to executi the Triumph

nt dismember:
ing Osirs's corpse. Such artwork may vary upon the location.
and wealth of its Setites, from illegally exported antique
Egyptian tomb paintings, to poorly-executed modem compo-
sitionsapingthe Egypt
tom-out National Geographic pages

ples,even
aped to the haven walls,

nstyle,or in the poorest


(Rae

fiji?

Double doors lead from the outer sanctum intoa short
hall with another set of doors at its end, a "light-lock
preventing the light f

the outer chamber from reaching

the inner sanctum. Followers of Set with insufficient funds
and small temples may be forced simply to drape a blanket
worship in the semi-darkness beyond.

The inner sanctum's walls are traditionally lined with
scattered with sand, and the only light comes from a dimly

Poured in libation. Set is depicted as the Typhonian Beast
the animal-headed god of Egypt. In moredown-at-the-heels
temples, such a statue may be a

painting, and the coals replaced with an electric heater. The
walls ofp

rer temples may be painted black instead

with black cloth, in the poorest of cases even left plain

the headwaters of the Nile from an temple built of
obsidian and ivory. Other important Setite temples can be
found in the abandoned docklands of London; in the

catacombs beneath Rome, where Christians once met

worship the Light, which now echo with hissing litanies
conducted to honor the Darkness; in New York's sewers,

s from

where a Setite temple even now recruits worshi

among the ranks of the Abyss Leapers Black Spiral pack; in
the drippi
in Death Valley, California,

decay-rich swamps beyond New Orleans; and

Inall these temples can be found the wailing, rotting
High Priests of Typhon, the transcendent individuals who
have pursued the Path of Typhon to its foulest limits, These
sleeping Set, and their ghastly ululations and insane pro:
nouncements are eagerly attended by the faithful, and
‘examined for prophecies and omens. It is these high-priests
insane goal. Whether their plans are truly Set's own,
‘communicated to them in dreams by the Sleeping God, of

Minor temples to Set, far more than imagined by even

where their numbers are concentrated, many Setites will

dwell within the temple, like the Sabbat finding safety in
the company of their fellow Damned. Elsewhere smaller

templesexist, and are the norm, Even in

will maintain their own private temples as well as partici
pating in rituals at the temple shared by them all

Chapter Three: Children of the Dark God


Clanbook: Setites

Secretive blood cults, in some ways to the
‘Voodloo rites practiced in Haiti, are fostered by the Follow-
crs of Set in many temples around the world. Worshipping
as the personification of darkness (rather ¢h
gent), in many instances the mortal cultists hi
trated and merged with Satanic churches and simi
In Mexico City and New York City, both strongholds of the
Sabbat, and Los Angeles in the Anarch Free States, the
Followers of Set in fanatical cults of mortal worship-
pers, who through a combination of religious awe, fear,
piric Disciplines and Blood Bonding (when Setite
vitae is ceremoniously drunk at rituals, thus creatiy
my of ghouls) are completely faithful co theit Setite
masters. Often such cultists are sent to infilerate on
tions, and bribe or murder officials, instead of th
master.

Setite
Endowments

Corruption and power are closest to a Follower of
heart, even if she has removed it from her body. The
following Disciplines, Merits and Flaws reflect these esse
tial Setite Traits. If the Storyteller is willing, exceptional
vampires of other clans may also possesses them,

Disciplines

Thaumaturgy

Followers of Set practice the Path of Corruption more

than any other clan, Indeed, it is rumored that Set himself
founded the path, and that Tremere
the late Middle Ages. This path is readily
Followers of Set by elders of the clan.
learn the Path of Corruption without previously knowing
the Discipline of Thaumaturgy. They are able to use the
Path in its ori yptian form, free of the
trappings the Ti find necessary. A Setite can pu
chase the Path of Corruption at the normal experience cost
for anew path by. The character does not have to purchase
points in Thaumaturgy in order to use the Path of Corrup-
tion. They may not take the Path of Corruption during


Merits and Flows
Drug Resistance (2 pt Merit)

Youare unusually resistant todrugs. Alcohol, narcotics
and similar addictive substances have little or no effect

upon you. You can drink from winos with impunity, or
pretend to be far drunker than you are in order to take
advantage of an opponent.

Poisonous Bite (2 pt Merit)

You have developed poison glands in the roof of your
mouth. The poison is virulent, although Kindred and other
supernatural creatures are unaffected by it. You, of course
are immune. When you bite, you always inject this poison,
usually killing your human victims. You must learn to feed

4 yy
in other ways, pethaps drawing the blood you need with a Wy ng
Addic tive Blood (3 pt Merit) 4 O al

Yourblood is especially delicious to others, Kindred or

Kine, containingasubstance they find physically addictive
Once they have drunk it, they must drink again, or spent a
pangs of craving.
to Blood Bond an opponent, as once they have tasted the
tainted vitae, they will do almost anything todrink it again

Seales (13 pt Flow)

fetites with this Merit find it much easier

jour Embrace, a portion of your skin became
of skin on your shoulder, this is only a one-point Flaw
Having an entire limb affected, such as an arm, forcing you
to wear long gloves at all times, isa two-point Flaw, while
having a scaled, lipless face isa three-point Flaw

Forked Tongue (2 pt Flow)

Your tongue is forked and flickering, like that of a
snake. You speak with a hiss. Upholding the Mi
becomes difficult for you. Note that this tongue does not
inflict aggravated damage, nor draw bl

Cpt Flaw)

sd your heart via the fifth level of
Serpentis, you have lost it. The heart might be in the
possession of a f cd by
some other Cainite, (perhaps a Setite elder, or your sire)
youmust obey their every command. If itis lost, the anxiety

uerade

or simply missing. If it isp

this causes you interferes with your nightly existence

Aura of the Wyrm (5 pt Flaw)
You radiate corruption to such adegree that any Garou

in the locale are drawn towards you. Th

is a serious Flaw,

as your unlife is
directed ag:

onstantly threatened by frenzied attacks

rrrrrre ft

TTT

dren of the Dark God


fititid)

oe

Clanbook: $

Sister Sin

Prelude: You have been a nun for many years. Every day you wrestled with
temptation. Before you entered the cloisters you came from acriminal family. Youalso
had a drinking problem, and turned to God in hope of salvation. In the convent,
youwere put in charge of the sacramental wine. The temptation became too much,

wine to replace that which you had drunk. Soon you were trapped on a merry-
round of sin. It was then that the Followers of Set appeared before you,
and you were Embraced into the clan. Now you work in an orphanage,

with many innocent young souls in your care

Concept: A depraved nun who encourages the children in her
charge to commit crime, Like Charles Dickens's Fagin, she is the
leader of a criminal gang whose members have an average age of
10. The home where she works is populated with orpha

criminals and misfits, She takes the worst of these, and
recruits them. The children tutored by her learn bur

Roleplaying Tips: Cluck your tongue and shake

your head, sounding for all the world like someon

concerned mother. You cultivate the air of a de
voutnun, butbeneath your facade hidesabrilliane
criminal mind.

Equipment: Nun's habit and wimple,
revolver loaded with silver bullets, lock
lackboard and chalk, bible,
devoted young charges.

picking tool,


me -LLSETITESLiL

an

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

3 Nature: PEDAGOGUE Sire:
Player: Demeanor: Conn wee Generation: |3
Chronicle: Concept: SisTER SIN Haven:

SS — Attributes

Physical Social Mental

Strength. 2000000 — Charisma Perception___@@@00000
Dexterity. 000000 Manipulation___ Intelligence__ ee 000000
Stamina. 000000 Appearance. Wits, 8000000

Talents
Acting ___ 90000000
Alertness, 00000000
Athletic: 00000000
Brawl 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy______ee000000
Intimidation. 00000000
Leadership 8000000

Streetwise,
Subterfuge,

200000
00000000

Disciplines

(0000000
Presence____ee000000
Serpentis____@0000000
00000000
00000000

———————00000000
—————— 00000000

—-— Other Traits ——
I|GRIGERY —__eeo00000

00000000

Aucributes:7/5/3_Abilities:1
————

ed
SS

ed
ee)

Abilities Sse

Skills Knowledges
Animal Ken___90000000 _Bureaucracy__9 0000000
Drive. 90000000 C 00000000
Etiquette__00000000 __ Finance 00000000
irearms, 00000000 _Investigation__0 0000000
Melee. 00000000 00000000

Music 00000000
Repair. 0000000

Security _____@@000000 Occult 00000000
Stealth___90000000 Politics, 00000000
Survival____00000000 Science. 00000000
Advantages =e
Backgrounds __ Virtues
ALUES —_eo000000 — Conscience. 0000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

1000000
1000000

—llilumanity/PathO-— = —»——— Health ——-—
e@eeeen0000 Bruised Q
Hurt 10
—-— Willpower —~— Injured 9-1
@eeeeee00n0 Wounded 2 O
ooo0000000 Mauled 2 O
Crippled 5 O
Blood Pool a
DOOOOOOOOO treet akeess on
ooo000000o0o0 1 TO DICE POOLS

3/9/5_Di


TT

Appendix One: ~

: Setites

And some of us were hun

Have never heard the name

Abominations

of Note

n once, and som

Earth,

‘a monstrous birth

Out of the womb of nightmare

in Carter, "The Mil

clan, While some are undoubtedly actual Kindred w

yet exist in the modern world, others have origins shrouded

in mystery, and may be only myths.

Augusta Holford

Ilion Favored Ones

Known throughout Kindred society as a great philan:
thropist, Augusta has helped to fund projects ranging from

wars, Of

ountless Toreador exhibits to lethal Brujah gat

course, she is among the first to mourn when her Toreador
protégés greet the sunrise after realizing that they will never
be able to perfectly represent their subject on canvas. Most
assume her to be Ventrue, but she dismisses any discussion
with awaveof the hand anda smile, sighing, "Really, politics
have no place in business, dear." More than one Prince has
fallen under her sway after recieving a drug-laced Blood Doll
and scandalous information ob-
tained by her network has been the cause of several Blood
shout the

as a "token of friendship

Hunts in recent years. While she travels thro

world frequently
her time in Seattle, Washington,

te she issaid to bespendinga great deal
Augusta is rumored to

have agents in every corner of the world, an

with which she is able to procure things, this may not be far

from the truth,

TTT T

TTT

Appendix One: Setites of Note

(3)


bipidtiit itis

Ghede

The venerable Follower of Set known as Ghede was the
first of his clan to infiltrate the Caribbean island of Haiti
Ghede, African by birth, had sent ghouls to Haiti as early as
1700, where they infiltrated the island's voodoo cults and
prepared the way for their master's arrival. Once Ghede was
established, he summoned his neonate Ezuli to Haiti, where

she set up the island's first Setite temple, and prepared the
way for the arrival of many other Followers of Set. While
Ghede posed as the god of death, Ezuli masqueraded as a
goddess of love and the moon. Over the years, she amassed
many more worshippers than her sire. Seeing
worshippers enraged Ghede

and the two powerful Setites
have not spoken since 1805, save in anger.

Ghede is a vampire of the 6th generation. He was
Embraced in Rome, circa 100 BC. An Ethiopian gladiator
his flair for killing opponents in the arena was what first
attracted the Followers of Set to him. His movements are

supple and catlike, his skin
shaved. Numerous scars from his mortal days crisscross

f darkest ebony, and his head

Ghede'slithe, muscular body. He favorssimple, bright cloth:

ing, and resembles a barbaric African king more than a g

has many times been assailed by younger Setite

Other than his own get, Ghede's worst enemy is the
Serpent ofthe Light who calls himself Legba, a Haitian-born
antitribu operating out of Port-au-Prince. This rogue's fol
lowers do their best to disrupt Ghede''s network of assassins,
hou

ns and initiates, who for many years have controlled
the turbulent island, even its rulers. The ensuing battle has
stricken the mortal populace of Haiti with terror, and even
those innocent of the true power struggle being fought
during the tropical nights are aware that something is very
wrong in their small island, and as a result are fleeing the
country in great numbers.

TTrrer

Clanbook: Setites

TTT

Tt Tt

TTF

Sir Marriot D'Urban

ir Marriot D''Urban served under
, the Lionheart, in the Crusades.
dby
Saracens, and held captive for many years. His faith already
tested by the atrocities he had witnessed his fellow knights
‘commit in God's name, Sit Marriot soon renounced Chris.

Asa mortal knight,
England's King Richard

SirMarriot never set eyes on Jerusalem. He was captu

tianity. His jailer was a kind man, and many discussions

ensued between them. Despitehiscaptor's hopes, it Marriot

did not convert to Islam, He spent much of his captivity

studying theology, astronomy, and many other arts prac
ticed by the Saracens but nd.

By the time of his release, Sir Marriot had become a

scholar of considerable erudition. Rather than return to

England once he was free, Sir Marriot spent several years
travelling the Middle East, eventually arriving in Egypt. He
took up residence in Alexandria, where his wisdom at

tracted the interests of the Followers of Set. They sought

He left Egypt for England

influence in the courts of England and France; Sir
Embrace was not long in comin

ions, but forgot his cares once he bec

with some resery

preoccupied with the intrigues and intricate histories ofthe
Jyhad.

Sir Marriot D'Urban isone of the most widely travelled
Setites active in the world today, He hasnot abandoned his
love of learning despite the passing centuries; indeed, the
many years have only added to his vast store of knowledge
Much of his ime isspent researching the history of his clan,
and he employs a network of agents specifically for this
purpose. When not immersing himself in history, Sie Marriot
can be found journeying between Setite temples, educating

the neonates of his clan in their heritage

Rasputin
The "mad monk," as he is known, was seduced by the
Followers of Set soon after his arrival at the Russian Czar'
court. The Followers of Set used Rasputin's legendary libido,
to corrupt him away from the Orthodox Church, and make
ir pawn. They were quickly able to efficiently employ
his powers of persuasion, and soon Rasputin, through his

influence over the Czarina and her hemophiliac son, was a
‘major player in the Russian Jyhad.
Clan Brujah (who had recently struggled against the

Russian Ventrue and Toreador for dominance, and ti

uumphed)
Se
the Russian court. Rasputin, being mortal, was targeted for

hefully perceived Rasputin and the Followers of
le for control over

significant er

assassination. Luckily for Rasputin, already a Setite ghoul,
the immortal blood flowing through his veinsallowed him to
survive the poison, bullets and icy river with which the

Brujah's mortal pawns tried to end his life

Rasputin was fished from the frozen river by the Follow
ersof Set, and swiftly Embraced. Although the mortal world
believed him dead, Rasputin long continued tobea powerful
player in the Jyhad. Since the Bolshevik Revolution, Rasputin
has been a thom in the side of first the Brujah Council, and
now the re-awakened Baba Yaga. He is one of the few

indred active beyond the spiritual curtain which today
isolates the Commonwealth of Independent States

Appendix One: Setites of Note


Appendix Fuso'

The Last Supper

rroto

Marchettus the Bold
Clan: Brujah
E sd 1234 A.D,
Apparent Age: 36

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Me Wits 3

al: Perception 3, Intelligence 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Tal Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4
Throwing 4

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Etiquette 2, Fast Draw 4, Melee 4

Ride alth 3, Torture 4, Trap

‘Oops.

Knowledges: Clan Knowledge 3, Kindred Lore

Military

# Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1, Obfusc

Backgrounds: Allies

Re

3, Contacts 3, Elder Status 1, Herd 4,
ces 4

Humanity: 5
Willpow
Image: A tall, br

houldered man with a thick red beard
wearing battered, but well-oiled, leather armor

Roleplaying Hints:

declaims the status tinually, and with amazing vigor.
Your descriptive turns of phrase when describing kings and

other leaders is legendary, You do nothing with subtlety or


Lady Dimitra
Embraced: 1173 A.D.

Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

+ Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 3, Leadership 2, Mimicry 3, Scan 3, Search 4
Skills: Camouflage 4, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 3, Melee 4,
Stealth 5, Tracking 4, Traps 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 1, Gypsy Lore 3, Kindred
Lore 2, Lupine Lore 3

Clanbook: Setites

I
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Elder Status |, Herd 3
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 9

iplines: Animalism 6, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Prot

Notes: Her extra level of Animalism makes her extremely
attractive to animals

age: A tall, sinewy woman wearing a traveling cloak and

grel, you adore fresh air
and loathe the squalid buildings most people insist on
spending time within. You talk rapturously of the joys of the
Kill, tracking, herbalism, and other such matters, but you
have no patience with any subject not relating to the wilds
You often growl, purr, and interject other animal noi
your conversation.


Sharper than a Serpencs "Tooth...

"We are che small voice chat whispers to you in
the lonely hours of che nigh. We call co the
darkness wichin all of you. We came from the dark,
and vo che dark wee shall all Recurn..."